’   ’ "    Joe Seales was a     dad between jobs . Then ’  ’ "   Joe Seales started    watching Donald Trump ’s speeches . " ’      Joe Seales is the CEO of Right Side Broadcasting Network , a website    known best for   Joe Seales YouTube channel , which has hosted feeds    of almost every single Donald Trump’s rally , town hall , or public    appearance since July 2015 . ’ "    With broadcasting experience working with    figures    like Glenn Beck , the RSBN CEO and business partner Adam Taxin , a    former reporter , decided ’ "   With broadcasting experience working with   figures   like Glenn Beck, the RSBN CEO and business partner Adam Taxin, a   former reporter could easily broadcast Trump    events , which were getting     coverage on cable    networks , but were difficult to find online . ’ "   With broadcasting experience working with   figures   like Glenn Beck, the RSBN CEO and business partner Adam Taxin, a   former reporter flew to Phoenix    on July 11 for Trump    rally , turned on the livestream ,    and immediately found an audience . " ’    " We covered that speech and did that live , we We a million views    on that speech the first few months , " Seales told Business    Insider during an interview in September . " That ’s when I knew :    ’’ Let ’s run with this . ’’ " ’ ’    Right Side Broadcasting Network has emerged as a tool for many    Trump fans , journalists , and campaign operatives . ’ ’The Trump campaign   Trump blatant about its support   Trump for the network Side Broadcasting Network out links , while even Clinton campaign    staffers admit privately that they watch the staffers of speeches on    RSBN out of convenience . ’ "    The formula for the organization ’s success is simple . The    cable networks often carried Trump ’s speeches , which eschewed    policy detail and rote stump speech regurgitation for       zingers and audience participation . But Seales    recognized that while the networks chopped The   cable networks speeches and    posted bits on social media for news    value , " ’   ’ "    RSBN has over 186 , 000 subscribers on YouTube . MSNBC , by    comparison , has 173 , 000 subscribers . RSBN ’s most popular RSBN video   —    a clip of Secret Service agents surrounding Trump when a    fan tried to charge the stage   —    has over 2 . 3 million views , while    several videos of entire Trump events have over a million views . " ’    Though Seales said he initially funded the Seales out of    pocket , he told Business Insider Seales RSBN is now completely      with an average of " roughly " $   donation .    The RSBN website specifically Business Insider that RSBN ’s status as a      operation . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    RSBN does n’t have the cash to afford a satellite truck , and    instead negotiates with venues and advanced staff in order to get    a hardwire internet connection to broadcast its streams . Its blog       primarily populated    links to Trump    and    posts directly from    site Breitbart News . " ’   ’ ’    Still , Seales has big plans for the operation . ’ ’    Over the next several months , RSBN wants to roll out additional    shows on their YouTube channel with the eventual goal of moving    toward a   ’ ’    Earlier last summer , Seales signed deals with conservative media Seales personalities Wayne Dupree and Pastor    Burns , who    independently reached out to the RSBN chief about simulcasting    shows on the network . Dupree approached RSBN in June about Wayne Dupree starting RSBN show . After several shows , Burns reached out to the    channel interested in launching his own show . ’ ’ Burns a natural fit for the channel Burns A pastor with a    the   channel interested in launching his own show center in South Carolina , Burns gained notoriety for    his televangelism , Burns was    by former Burns campaign manager Corey Lewandowski    last fall , garnering a spot introducing Trump at his    rallies . His    were Trump popular former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski    began    posting former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski    just the Burns intros . ’ ’    ’ ’    But growing from a skeleton crew broadcasting speeches to a    legitimate media organization has also presented obvious    challenges . ’ ’    It’ ’s unclear that the simulcasts with RSBN’ ’s personalities , for    one , are particularly popular outside of a core group of RSBN    viewers . Dupree’ ’s shows generally garner far less views than    livestreams from rallies or even any of the       reporting that RSBN dubs " . " ’ ’    And earlier this month , Burns was forced to apologize for    exaggerating his credentials   revealed that the pastor had lied    about Burns a part of a fraternity and serving in the US Army    Reserves . ’ "    RSBN defended Burns on its website , saying that the    pastor ’s Burns were   RSBN like those anyone else the pastor " ’    " Pastor Burns , we still love you , bro , " Burns ’ "    Burns did not respond to Business Insider ’s repeated request for    Burns for this article . " "    The    nature of the feed also attracts some of the      magnate ’s uglier followers . RSBN streams often fill    up with comments on the sidebar , which often    includes racially , religiously , and sexually charged    language . Seales said he recognizes criticism of    the RSBN comments feed ,    told Business Insider he Seales    staffers to comb back through comments , and block users posting    Seales material    " ’    With less than two months until the election    Seales is starting    to play for a future he did not envision a year Seales . ’ ’    " Our goal is Seales be relevant after the election when there    are no more Trump speeches , " Seales said . the election    Still    Seals acknowledged that " The network plans Seales open an office in DC if    Trump is elected , and will attempt to get White House Press Corps    credentials . Trump ’    A Clinton win could present more challenges . ’ ’     " I ’ 
 