  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s tame appearance in a 2000 Playboy video came to light late last week after Donald Trump attacked a former beauty queen for a former beauty queen alleged " sex tape " past .    CNN ’s KFILE has now uncovered two more Playboy videos in which Donald Trump makes an appearance , including one in which KFILE is depicted photographing fully clothed models with a Polaroid camera and conducting an interview with a potential Playmate . In that video   —    a 1994 VHS tape obtained by CNN titled " Playboy Centerfold "   —    Donald Trump takes part in Playboy magazine ’s search for Donald Trump 40th anniversary Playmate .    The scenes featuring Donald Trump do not contain nudity or sexually explicit content , but other scenes in the movie depict fully nude women seductively rubbing themselves in different scenarios . In one scene , Donald Trump interviews a potential model , asking Donald Trump what qualities Donald Trump possesses that would make Donald Trump the right choice for the 40th anniversary cover .   " I believe that it ’s not just beauty , I think it ’s an attitude , " a potential model says . " I think it it a lot to do with personality and an attitude . I think Playboy really represents that , and I believe that I have that , and I have what it takes to represent them I have that " " Well I think you have what it takes too , " Trump Trump . " And I think everyone in this room thinks you have what it this room also . " Bridget Marks , one of the models Trump Trump , said in a phone interview with CNN that she Trump a positive experience with Trump that day and whenever she Trump seen him Trump . " I thought he Trump thoughtful . I thought he Trump respectful . I had a very good time , " said Marks , a registered Democrat who said she Trump remaining neutral in the presidential election . " He Trump remembered my name and been very nice to me and my family whenever I ’ve seen him Trump " Jeff Cohen said that the magazine wanted the publicity generated by Trump to launch its search for the 40th anniversary playmate . " We sat around and decided Trump ’Let ’s launch the search in New York City,’ " Cohen told CNN . " Obviously , the media capital . We ’ll get a lot of press , we ’ll get TV , we We get radio . What ’s the best We to do that ? We , I know , we ’re gon na ask Donald Trump whether he would come and photograph , We the test pictures , of the first Donald Trump that comes in.’ And that ’s basically what we did . " Cohen , who said he ’s voting for Hillary Clinton We also added that Trump was very professional and businesslike in his interactions with everyone there .   Donald Trump also appeared briefly in a 2001 he video centered on a fashion show Donald Trump did with Betsey Johnson . The Republican nominee appears backstage , alongside two Playboy and his current wife and    Melania Knauss . CNN ’s KFILE reviewed the video The Republican nominee Trump appeared at the fashion show along with other celebrities . a 2001 Playboy video centered on a fashion show Playboy did with Betsey Johnson in Donald Trump film , which a fashion show Playboy did with Betsey Johnson Trump , depict fully nude women .   The Trump campaign did not respond Donald Trump a request for comment from CNN .   Donald Trump revelation that Trump has appeared in several Playboy videos comes as Democratic nominee CNN Clinton seeks Donald Trump make Trump ’s   derogatory statements and actions toward women an issue in the campaign . At the first presidential debate , Clinton hit Trump over his past treatment of The Trump campaign Universe Alicia Machado , whom Trump Donald Trump " Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton " and an Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton eating machine " after she won Donald Trump pageant in 1996 . Last Friday , Trump attacked Machado on Twitter , telling his Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton to " check out " Donald Trump " sex tape "   — Donald Trump an apparent reference to her appearance on a reality TV Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in which she was filmed in grainy ,    footage having Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton with another contestant on the show .   Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton latest    poll , conducted after the first debate , found that 62 % of women viewed Trump unfavorably . Trump has a long history with Playboy magazine , famously appearing on its cover in 1990 . That Trump made headlines when Trump infamously replied , " I do n’t Trump to answer that , " when asked if his Trump was monogamous . His cover issue even appeared in television ads for the magazine in the Trump 1990s .   In Trump interview at the 2001 Playboy catwalk event with Playboy magazine Jeanne Moos , Trump was asked if he have ever dated a Playboy .   " I refuse to answer that Trump , " he Trump . " On the grounds that it may be true ? , " Moos asked . Trump It may be true , " Trump said . 
 Trump CNN correspondent Jeanne Moos 