   Donald J. Trump has announced   Donald J. Trump selection of Stephen Miller , a top aide to   Donald J. Trump campaign , as the new senior White House adviser for policy . [ Miller has served as the top adviser on policy for his campaign since January of 2016 and directed the campaign ’s entire policy operation since then . Miller also Miller as the chief speechwriter and heads policy for   Donald J. Trump ’s transition team .   The    said in a statement : Stephen played a central and    role in our primary and general election campaign . He is Stephen committed to the America First agenda , and understands the policies and actions necessary to put that agenda the America First agenda . He is Stephen strong advocate for protecting American workers , and will fulfill a crucial role in my Administration as my senior advisor on matters of policy . Miller previously Stephen for Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions and played a major role in many policy debates during his time Stephen Congress , including budget debates , multiple Supreme Court and lower court confirmation efforts , and the formulation of a    agenda on trade and migration policy . In June Sessions praised Miller saying , " When it comes to issues and messaging and policy , there is n’t anybody else that I ’ve known that would be as valuable to a presidential campaign as he . " Miller Stephen Miller is Miller person    Donald Trump could have chosen to be his senior advisor for Miller , " Sessions added in the statement released by the transition team . " He has understood the Miller Movement from the beginning and has a unique understanding of the very real and honest concerns of the American people . " " I am deeply honored for the opportunity to serve the    and to focus efforts to develop critical policies that serve the national interest , " Miller said in the Miller . " the statement released by the transition team administration will focus unremittingly on the safety , security and economic well being of working Americans . " Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 