MILO ’s event at Iowa State University on December 9th has had to be cancelled after administrators raised the security fee at the last minute , leaving student organizers no time to raise the required funds . [ University president Steven Leath defended the late security fee hike last week , claiming that it was " standard practice , " before blaming the extra security fees on previous threats at MILO events despite the fact that those cited happened around six months ago , with administrators only hiking up administrators previously determined security fees recently .   " Physical altercations , bomb threats and threats of weapons violence at other universities where Yiannopoulos has appeared or been scheduled to appear have resulted in the need for the Memorial Union to require additional security for this event " wrote the president ’s office in a statement . " Modifying the security requirements as the risk assessment changes closer to this event is standard practice for Iowa State University . The event organizer had several phone calls with the the Memorial Union Director during which he was told that additional security would be required . Again , as stated in the policy , event organizers are responsible for the costs of that support . " As reported last week , " by imposing excessive fees on student groups , administrators at the University of Maryland are likely violating a 1992 Supreme Court ruling , which decided that public universities can not impose security fees based upon their perception public universities how attendees may react to the event . " In Forsyth County v. Nationalist Movement ( 1992 ) the Supreme Supreme Court government actors —   like public college or university administrators —   may not lawfully impose security fees based on their own subjective judgments government actors —  like public college or university administrators —   " the amount of hostility likely to be created by the speech based on its content . " Such fees amount to a tax on speech an administrator subjectively dislikes , or subjectively believes is likely to cause disruption or violence . " I had paid in full September 7th an amount of $ 1070 out of my own pocket , which including the rental space , lighting , AV , tech , and the whole shabang " explained the student organizer Austen Giles in an email to Breitbart Tech on Wednesday . " Just yesterday , the event manager at ISU said the ISUPD is requiring 6 officers to secure the rental space which will cost additional but did not say amount . Today , the event manager sent the event manager at ISU saying it will require an additional $ 1944 . " " As far as I can tell , no liberal events even required additional security let alone any at all " continued the organizer . " There is rarely any conservatives events that are held so its pretty obvious they are trying to cancel this event . " " After all the preparation they pull a move like this they he continued . " Where the an email saying it will require an additional $1944 is a college student going to get almost 2 grand a week before an event happens . " Giles also claimed that the tactic was an " intentional " move to stop the event . In a post an event official Facebook page , the Des Moines Anti Fascist group confirmed that the university imposed extra security fees in Iowa State University to stop MILO ’s event from taking place . " If you have n’t heard yet Iowa State University has gotten wind of the peoples’ frustrations about how an event like this could possibly be allowed at their school facility just WEEKS after there was a second occurrence of white    posters popping up on campus " wrote the group on Facebook . " They know Milo loves to provoke , troll Facebook and offend as many people as possible so they told the hosting organization , ISU StudentsForTrump troll, and offend as many people as possible that they will need to pay for the extra troll, and offend as many people as possible security to the tune of $ 2 , 000 total or the event has to be cancelled . " In a statement to Steven Leath , MILO criticized the " slippery censorship tactics " Milo that the public wo n’t " forget it . " " Universities that hope to stop me by hitting students with impossible security fees should think again . The University of Alabama tried it , and backed down . The University The University of Alabama Minnesota tried it , and The University of Alabama declared . " Students The University of Alabama n’t accept the college ’s reasoning , and , when they are informed of it , neither do the public . Students President Leath is the college’s reasoning the public fee is giving his college a reputation for slippery censorship tactics . " " He All President Leath carefully compare the reputations of Mizzou and the University of All President Leath , and consider which route he wants to go down " he continued . " Because make All President Leath mistake : if Iowa State All President Leath opts for the route of censorship and suppression , I wo n’t let them , or the public , or their alumni , or potential Iowa State University opts for the route of censorship and suppression , forget it . " Iowa Iowa State University opts for the route of censorship and suppression University have not responded to any further requests for comment Iowa State University is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook . 
 Charlie Nash Charlie Nash 