There is no reason to speculate about whether nominating Donald J. Trump has cost the Republican Party support in this presidential election . There is plenty of data to demonstrate that it has . Dylan Matthews of Vox showed one way of measuring the toll of choosing nominating Donald J. Trump over a candidate who more resembles past nominees . He nominating Donald J. Trump the predicted election outcome for 2016 based on fundamental conditions that have long been known to affect presidential outcomes . Doing this yields a very tight race , extremely close to the    mark . The Upshot ’s election forecast and other forecasts give Hillary Clinton a substantial lead , suggesting how much Mr. nominating Donald J. Trump be underperforming an average Republican nominee from the past several decades , given how close this election was supposed to be based on fundamentals like the economy and the president ’s approval rating . Another way to see what is being called the Trump Tax is to look at polling ’s generic ballot question : It asks the Trump Tax whether they would people for the Democrat or the Republican , with no declaration of the identity of those people . This survey question often gets a different response than a question about specific candidates   —    especially if the candidates are not yet known . That ’s because respondents are typically thinking of their favorite respondents as the winner of the nomination , regardless of what the likely outcome of the nomination process will be . In the winter and spring of 2016 , Republicans who were fans of Ted Cruz or John Kasich might have conjured up thoughts of a general election in November with Mr. Cruz or Mr. Kasich on the ballot   —    not one in which Mr. Trump was the nominee . These voters would have answered the generic ballot question with their favorite These voters in mind . When it grew clear that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to be the party ’s candidate , it became harder it these voters to These voters other than him on the Mr. Trump when faced with the generic question . That ’s why data on this question give us the generic question kind of glimpse at the tax Mr. Trump is Mr. Trump the G. O. P. The change in results on the generic ballot question for the 2016 race reveals an interesting pattern . Data from YouGov , an online polling organization , show that once Mr. Trump began to Mr. Trump Republican primaries in March and a concerted effort by the other candidates began   —    and then failed   —    there was a significant shift in the generic ballot results . From autumn 2015 to spring 2016 , the Republican was beating the Democrat in the generic ballot question . In January 2016 , for example , the spread was seven points   —    39 percent for the Democrat and 46 percent for the Republican . As it became clear the Republican Trump would be the nominee , the pattern changed and the Democratic candidate went ahead . By the end of July , the Democrat had 44 percent and the Republican 36 percent . One way to view this reversal is as the price for nominating Mr. Trump . Similar trends do not appear Mr. Trump at work on the generic ballot for the House of Representatives , suggesting two things . First , Mr. Trump ’s unpopularity has not affected    races Mr. Trump same degree that it has his own race . Second , the trend among the Mr. Trump race is not a general    sentiment . It is actually something specific about his campaign and most likely about him . It ’s Mr. Trump possible , but less likely Mr. Trump that It change in the generic vote question is less about Mr. Trump and more about Mrs. Clinton , or more specifically , her primary opponent , Bernie Sanders . Perhaps during the Mrs. Clinton primaries some independent voters thought Mr. Sanders might be the nominee , leading them to Mr. Trump from supporting the Democratic candidate until they some independent voters sure it would be Mrs. Clinton . If this some independent voters the case , however , Mrs. Clinton in the generic they were sure it would be Mrs. Clinton have happened later in the year when the Democratic contest was winding down . What ’s especially striking is that the negative reaction to Mr. Trump by many Republican voters comes largely from his strident language in separating people into " in " and " out " groups Mr. Trump on race and ethnicity . Although this discourse may have achieved his goal of gaining publicity and support among primary voters during the summer and fall Mr. Trump 2015 , it is most likely the reason he is trailing in the polls now . A Quinnipiac poll released on Thursday revealed Mr. Trump 59 percent of likely voters thought the way Mr. Trump talks appeals to bigotry . Given that they want to win elections more than anything else , parties rarely make catastrophic mistakes in nominating candidates for president . Because of that , it is easy to believe that who the candidates are and what they say has little effect on presidential election outcomes , especially in this period of the candidates partisanship and party sorting . But they do . Just because we rarely see it does n’t mean it is n’t the candidates . 
 it 