The Islamic State is pushing a new video through The Islamic State propaganda channels that celebrates the Brussels bombing , urges jihadis to " rise up " and " claim your victory , " and among several other media clips quotes Donald Trump describing Brussels as " one of the most beautiful cities in the world 20 years ago , " but now " it ’s an absolute horror show . " [ The UK Mirror relates the full Trump quote as , " Brussels was one of the great cities , Brussels was one of the most beautiful cities of the world 20 years ago , Brussels was amazing actually , and safe . Now Brussels ’s a horror show , Brussels ’s an absolute horror show . "   The UK Express translates the title of the video as " The Exile of Islam And The Brussels Attacks , " and notes it The UK Express similar to a video posted to ISIS social media after the Paris massacre . After the snippets from Western media at the beginning of the a video posted to ISIS social media after the Paris massacre it segues a video posted to ISIS social media after the Paris massacre footage of the Brussels attack and its aftermath Brussels with narration in Arabic .   The Mirror translates this as follows : " The regulations of Jihad in the cause of Allah are clear and there are no reasonable doubts about it . And Quran has decided waging Jihad against Jihad disbelievers until they give the jizyah willingly while they are they and the Islamic State has asked them to they it but the jizyah refused they " " Yet the Crusade jets including the Belgian are still bombing the Muslims in Iraq , killing children , women , old , and destroying mosques and schools . " " But the calamity is the exile that the people of Islam live at tip most of them managed the people of Islam deny jihad against the disbelievers and deny the blessed forays in Crusade Europe and other places , including the last foray of Brussels . " The Express notes the English subtitles appearing on the screen are a translation of the song playing in the background : " Brothers rise up ! Claim your victory ! Haha ! Let ’s go for jihad ! " International Business Times notes that the presence of    ISIS militants " practicing their shooting skills in the desert , " and the onscreen translations provided in the video , suggest it is " meant for recruitment purposes . " 
 