  ( CNN ) Rick Santorum , the former Pennsylvania senator who mounted an unexpectedly strong bid for the Republican nomination in 2012 , is making another bid for the White House . Santorum launched Santorum campaign on Wednesday evening from a factory in the blue collar town of Cabot , Pennsylvania , on the outskirts of Pittsburgh , with a starkly populist tone . Santorum held aloft a piece of coal while telling Santorum family ’s story and that of others in western Pennsylvania ’s coal country . Santorum said that not only " big government , " but also " big business " had demolished the American middle class . RELATED : How evangelicals are fighting big business , " As middle America is hollowing out , we ca n’t sit idly by as big government politicians make it harder for our workers and then turn around and blame our workers for losing jobs overseas . American families do n’t need another president tied to big government or big money , " Santorum said during Santorum    rally . Santorum spoke to building applause before delivering the kicker : " And today is the day we are going to begin to fight back ! " The location is no coincidence , as Santorum drew on Santorum own    roots , just 10 miles away from Cabot , setting the stage for Santorum campaign ’s focus on    and    Americans . Santorum also highlighted Santorum family story in Santorum speech , touching on veterans’ issues , as both of Santorum parents worked for the Veterans Administration . For a politician who won the Iowa caucus in 2012 and was able to keep Santorum campaign     fueled by support from Christian conservatives     running through the spring , Santorum is starting the 2016 race in a humble place : the bottom . Santorum came in at 3 % and 2 % in the latest    and Fox News polls , respectively . That ’s a dramatic difference from other Republicans who have sought the nomination again after narrowly losing it in the past . John McCain and Mitt Romney , for example , began John McCain and Mitt Romney second presidential bids in strong shape after failing to clinch the nomination in earlier bids . John McCain and Mitt Romney went on to take the nomination , though they lost the John McCain and Mitt Romney election . Part of Santorum ’s challenge is that he finds himself in a he field of politicians seeking the the nomination He would first need to he by top evangelical    like former Gov. Mike Huckabee of Arkansas , Sen. Ted Cruz and Ben Carson if he wants to break into he broader GOP field that already includes GOP . Rand Paul of Kentucky and Marco Rubio of Florida , along with businesswoman Carly Fiorina . Other    such as Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , Florida also likely get in the race this summer .   A move toward economy and foreign policy , Known for his close ties to Christian conservatives , Santorum begins the 2016 race as a politician who has evolved from his days on Capitol Hill Santorum he was known for making Santorum statements about homosexuality and abortion . While he did n’t disavow those Santorum , Santorum began to focus more Santorum economic populism in 2012     a theme he will revive again in Santorum . But while he aimed many of his Santorum toward small business Santorum last cycle , Santorum 2 . 0 will train his sights on employees and Santorum value they can add to American businesses . That effort will kick off Thursday as Santorum heads to Davenport , Iowa for his first    event where Santorum ’ll meet employees of Santorum    grocery store , an    company . He will then swing to Santorum Carolina this weekend , where two of his sons attend The Citadel Santorum college , giving Santorum an opportunity to pitch Santorum next focus of his 2016 campaign : a Santorum foreign policy , which could appeal to many Republicans at a time of global turmoil . Driven in part by the ISIS threat and turmoil in the Middle East and by likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ’s tenure as secretary of state , the 2016 campaign is shaping up to have a heavy foreign policy bend . That ’s a challenge for many Republicans who are light on foreign policy experience and Santorum is hoping voters see him as the most prepared Santorum take on the job of commander in chief , having earned his foreign policy chops in Santorum years on the Senate Armed Services Committee . READ : Rick Santorum : ’Love and Santorum Jenner , And that foreign policy would be decidedly hawkish and built on neoconservative pillars : Santorum has called for 10 , Santorum American " boots on the ground " to defeat ISIS . Other likely Republican 2016 candidates , including Jeb Bush , have been more reluctant to commit to additional ground troops in the Middle East . A trimmer look     and suits , Santorum is also sporting a new Santorum . He turned heads at the Conservative Santorum Action Conference earlier this year with a trimmer look and more fitted suit . And the sweater vests at the center of his 2012 brand ? Gone as Santorum , aides say , for good . Santorum will also hope to move Santorum from the controversies that marred his last presidential effort , including Santorum about homosexuality and    marriage , which he compared to polygamy and , Santorum earlier , to bestiality . If there ’s anything Santorum will be looking to repeat Santorum 2012 , it ’s his surprise Iowa victory Santorum when Santorum barnstormed through every one of Santorum state ’s 99 counties and edged past his GOP opponents . But as Santorum launches his presidential campaign , Santorum is Santorum the political operative Santorum helped steer him to victory in Iowa . Santorum Laudner , the Iowa GOP operative who crisscrossed the Iowa with Santorum in his " Chuck Truck Santorum and Santorum considered crucial to that win , left Santorum ’s political operation earlier this Santorum manage Donald Trump ’s political prospects in Iowa . While Santorum ’s 2012 campaign Iowa marked by Santorum and a    effort , he is looking to overcome the fundraising hurdles Santorum sank his fortunes in 2012 , forcing him to Santorum out . He hired a Santorum finance team early on Santorum steer his fundraising efforts , a task led by Santorum Bickhart , former finance director for the Republican National Committee . And heavyweight Republican donor Foster Friess , who helped bankroll Santorum ’s 2012 effort , has already started his efforts to draw more money to Santorum Santorum new campaign . 
 Santorum Santorum’s 