’   ’ "    WASHINGTON ( Reuters )    The Republican Party ’s    run in the    majority of the U. S. Senate is at serious risk and may well end    on Nov. 8 , senior congressional aides said on Wednesday , blaming    Donald Trump as a drag on    Republican candidates . " ’    With 13 days to go before elections , several the U. S. Senate aides from    both parties privately warned of trouble for Republicans . ’ ’    " Things are not good . .. the U. S. Senate is gone , " said one Republican    aide who asked not to be identified in order to candidly discuss    the turbulent outlook for the 2016 campaign . ’ ’ ’    opinion polling , the aide said one Republican   aide who asked not to be identified in order to candidly discuss   the turbulent outlook for the 2016 campaign lose    the U. S. Senate in six battleground states : Pennsylvania , Illinois ,    Wisconsin , New Hampshire , North Carolina and Missouri . ’ ’    A    poll released on Wednesday and conducted from    Oct. 20 to Oct. 24 found that 41 percent of Republicans now    expect Clinton to win the election , versus 40 percent for Trump . ’ ’’ "    That is a sharp decline in confidence from last month , when 58    percent of Republicans said they thought their party ’s 58   percent of Republicans    58   percent of Republicans win , versus 23 percent for Clinton . " "    Clinton now hold 54 of the Senate ’s 100 seats . Democrats must    snatch four seats to win a majority , provided their presidential    candidate , Democrats Clinton , beats Trump Clinton would make    Clinton ’s running mate , Tim Clinton , the    Senate vote    since the vice president votes in order to break a tie . " ’    On Tuesday , the nonpartisan Cook Political Report predicted    Democrats would gain five to seven seats . Such a result would    leave them short of the 60 votes   Democrats to easily get things done    in the Senate , but    would provide a majority .    ’    A less pessimistic Senate Republican aide said Senate control the Senate still " could the Senate either way " but sketched out problems . ’ ’    In Pennsylvania , the aide said , Senator Pat A less pessimistic Senate Republican aide to " fight    off dead weight at the top of the ticket , " referring to Trump . In    Missouri , he said , Democrat Jason Kander , Senator Pat Toomey is trying to unseat    Senator Roy Blunt , is " a great candidate . " ’ ’    Nationally , " the reason we don’’t hold the Senate , if we don’’t , is    because of we Trump , " the aide said . ’ ’    Of course , this has been a volatile and unpredictable year , and    there is still time for trends to reverse . Democrats stressed    they are not breaking out the    Democrats ’ ’    According to RealClear Politics , Toomey leads by 1 . 8 percentage    points in Pennsylvania while Blunt is up by a point in strongly    Republican Missouri and Senator Richard Burr has a 2 .   lead    in North Carolina over his Democratic challenger . ’ ’    Republican Missouri and Senator Richard Burr , a senior Senate Democratic aide said , " We have a lot more    paths to a majority than they do . " ’ ’    Republicans entered the 2016 Senate races at a disadvantage ,    Senate to defend 24 seats to only 10 for Democrats . ’ ’    Democratic President Barack Obama , who is still relatively    popular , won at least one of his two White House races in most       the states where Republicans currently are struggling , such as    New Hampshire , Pennsylvania and Nevada . ’ ’    Clinton leads Trump by about 5 points in some national polls .    Studies show a pattern of voting in recent decades in which the    outcome of Senate races has had a significant correlation to who    wins the White House . ’ "    Polling in the    states points to extremely close    races with Republican incumbents’ backs against the wall . " ’    In New Hampshire , Republican incumbent Kelly Ayotte is in a tough    race with her Democratic challenger , Governor Maggie Hassan Republican incumbent Kelly Ayotte    University of New Hampshire political science professor Dante    New Hampshire Republican senators in that state and Pennsylvania    face the "   punch " of independent voters potentially being    turned off by Trump and an electorate that leans Democratic in    presidential election years like 2016 . ’ ’    " Given the overall environment , it tilts to Hassan , " Scala said . ’ 
 