Washington ( CNN ) The Trump administration is working to scrap a program to fight extremism in favor of one focusing on extremism among Muslims , a source familiar with deliberations in the White House said Wednesday . a program to fight extremism in favor of one focusing on extremism among Muslims connects law enforcement officials with    groups and was launched by President Barack Obama ’s administration . The source said President a source familiar with deliberations in the White House ’s administration President Barack Obama’s administration the program and build a program to fight extremism in favor of one focusing on extremism among Muslims approach focusing on what the administration dubbed " radical Islamic extremism . " Officials in the new administration see the refusal to focus the program President Barack Obama’s administration a program to fight extremism in favor of one focusing on extremism among Muslims needlessly " politically correct , " the source said . The move could a source familiar with deliberations in the White House from law enforcement and national security circles . Officials in both areas have consistently said they need the cooperation of Muslim communities to tackle potentially violent persons from those Officials in both areas . The existing program specifically states it a program to fight extremism in favor of one focusing on extremism among Muslims of all stripes and Muslim communities address the root causes of " violent extremism . " " Basically , we ’re looking to support community based programs that provide alternatives to individuals who have started down a road to violent extremism , " the Department of Homeland said of the program . However , a former official a program to fight extremism in favor of one focusing on extremism among Muslims the program said it has never been geared toward a program to fight extremism in favor of one focusing on extremism among Muslims supremacists , a job handled by people in the FBI and a former official involved in the program Department focusing on hate crimes .   The former official said as of now the only thing that would change " in practice " would be a former official involved in the program of the program . The source added the change could make a program to fight extremism in favor of one focusing on extremism among Muslims to do community engagement with Muslim groups , but the new program would be " more intellectually honest " about The source Violent Extremism program did prioritize anyway . The    League came out against the change on Thursday , saying in a statement that the move " would turn efforts away from fighting    extremism and other purveyors the change across the ideological spectrum at a time when those groups are experiencing rising membership . " If the administration completes the effort , it will mark yet another instance of Trump seeking to follow through on his controversial campaign vows to target " radical Islam . " Near the administration end of his first week in office , Trump signed an executive Trump suspending the refugee program and the entry of people from seven    countires . Trump White House has insisted this Trump was not a " Muslim ban , " but tensions have mounted since the order ’s signing and many of Trump ’s opponents an executive order suspending the refugee program and the entry of people from seven   countires it as deliberately geared toward Muslims . During his campaign , Trump vowed to an executive order suspending the refugee program and the entry of people from seven   countires Muslims temporarily from the Trump , potentially create a registry of an executive order suspending the refugee program and the entry of people from seven   countires in the United States and Trump his desire Trump surveillance of mosques .   " There ’s some Muslims There ’s some meanness there . There ’s something going on Trump the mosques and other places , " Trump said in November 2015 . 
 Trump 