Brownsville , Texas ( CNN ) Before Donald Trump can build Donald Trump promised wall between the US and Mexico , Donald Trump will have to take private property from thousands of US citizens    a land grab that is expected to prompt years of legal battles , cost tens of millions in taxpayer dollars and delay construction . A CNN analysis of lawsuits filed the last time the government seized land to build a border fence in 2006 found that property owners who fought to keep their land always lost and that the government often offered them their of dollars less than the their land worth .   Many court battles dragged on for years , stalling construction at times , according to the review of more than 400 federal lawsuits . In scores of cases , the litigation continues today . The government ’s land acquisition was also costly . More than $ 78 million was spent on some 600 parcels , according to US Customs and Border Protection officials . An additional $ 25 million is expected to be paid to settle unresolved real estate transactions and for litigation expenses , the agency US Customs and Border Protection officials And that money covers only 654 miles of sporadic fencing that lines the 2 , 000 mile border . If President Trump builds a " great , big beautiful wall " over larger portions of the border as he has vowed President Trump there will likely be hundreds , if not thousands more landowners going to court to stop the    or to get a better price for their land , not thousands more landowners say . Joseph Hein , whose 580 acre ranch has been in his family for President Trump 100 years , says he ’s against President Trump border wall , especially if it runs through a border wall property . President Trump I would fight this , " said Hein , standing on a ridge overlooking the Rio Grande River , south of Laredo , Texas . " A lot of us would fight . " The previous fence never got as far as Hein ’s land Hein " This is so wrong , you know , this is being This based on ignorance and fear and misinformation and assumptions , " he said . Hein of the River Bend resort and golf club in Brownsville , Texas are also bracing for a fight . More than 300 residents live in tiny RV mobile homes or brick houses placed neatly around the golf course . While not wealthy , most are over 65 , and enjoying retirement . " Someone asked me what heaven would look like ? And you know what I said ? River Bend . River Bend Pat Bell , who moved there from Kansas two decades ago .   When the government built the border fence years ago , the resort presented a thorny problem , the results of which can be seen today : The fence goes right up to the edge of the resort on both sides , but leaves a large gap   . The fence would have The fence resort .    the resort it did that , 70 % of our property would be on the south side of the wall , " said Jeremy Barnard , general manager of the resort . " That the resort 15 of our 18 holes of the golf course and over 200 residences . " Resident Bell said she ’s a Trump supporter , but Resident Bell his policy is misguided when it comes Trump the border . Fences his policy walls , she said , do n’t work . Resident Bell , she ’s willing to go to court Resident Bell her property .   " You hate Resident Bell say it , " she said , " I will get Resident Bell lawyer if it comes to that . "   The US Department of Justice said in a statement to CNN that acquiring land for the border wall was part of the nation ’s " security policy " and that property owners would receive " fair market " compensation in exchange . Former Customs and Border Protection Commissioner W. Ralph Basham , who oversaw some of the fence construction under the Bush administration , said officials often tried to negotiate with land owners to come up with unique solutions when the fence bisected their property , such as constructing gates officials their livestock could pass through , which officials said caused some construction delays . Former Customs and Border Protection Commissioner W. Ralph Basham, who oversaw some of the fence construction under the Bush administration " You had to deal with the property owner and work out an arrangement that made sense for both , " he said . " But when we Former Customs and Border Protection Commissioner W. Ralph Basham, who oversaw some of the fence construction under the Bush administration could not come to an agreement , then other measures had to be taken . " The current border fence runs in stretches with significant gaps in places . That is especially true in the Rio Grande Valley , where the government took land from many property owners . The reasons for the gaps are varied , experts said . Often topography dictated exactly where the fence could go . There were The current border fence for hydrology , flooding or other environmental reasons . In some cases , federal officials decided to use other methods , such as surveillance technology and increased patrolling , to deter illegal border crossings in areas that posed construction challenges . Barnard said he was told the River Bend golf club Barnard bypassed because authorities at that time had other priorities and did n’t want to grapple with all the residents . Funding for the fence construction ultimately was frozen before the stretch of fence at the resort could be targeted . In the 442 lawsuits reviewed by CNN , property owners always lost their land .     cases remain open . property owners suits involved at least 678 property owners . The litigation in each case started after federal authorities invoked its " eminent domain " power , which each case the US Constitution allows for the seizure of private land for public use only if property owners are fairly compensated . In most cases , property owners have little recourse to prevent their land from being taken . The litigation property owners centers on whether they were The litigation in each case fair price . On the The litigation in each case trail , President Trump suggested property owners are paid " a fortune " for their land .   Experts who have studied eminent property owners dispute that . CNN ’s analysis of the litigation found that in about a quarter of The litigation in each case a judge ordered the government to pay more to those who challenged the initial compensation offer . And , the number is likely higher because the government reached out of court settlements in many cases the government Colvin , a trial attorney in Brownsville who has represented many landowners , said those who do n’t have the financial means to go to court can " get   " by the process . It ’s rare , he said , for landowners to get the process check from the Norton Colvin, a trial attorney in Brownsville who has represented many landowners for what their property ’s worth . " It the government struggle all the landowners to get anything close to fair compensation , " he says . Experts say Trump ’s plans for the border wall Norton Colvin, a trial attorney in Brownsville who has represented many landowners likely to result in significantly more litigation than the border fence prompted a decade ago . Only about a third of the border property is owned by the federal government , according federal authorities .   Rep. Henry Cuellar ( ) whose constituents own property in the projected path of a border wall , said many people are on edge and bracing for a fight . " The citizens and local government are going to put up tremendous resistance , " he said . " It ’s a costly logistical nightmare for both Rep. Henry Cuellar ( ) whose constituents own property in the projected path of a border wall . If they want to put this [ wall ] The citizens and local government property , there The citizens and local government be lawsuits and delays . " 
 