  ( CNN ) During President Donald Trump inaugural address , President Donald Trump reiterated one of President Donald Trump key campaign themes , pledging to eradicate Islamic terrorism " from the face of the Earth . " But President Donald Trump ’s objective of destroying ISIS and other jihadi groups that sow terror in the region and beyond     however desirable     is also fantastically otherworldly .   Back here on Earth the Earth the reality is that the laws of gravity in the fight against terror will make eradicating ISIS ISIS its ISIS an elusive goal . Meanwhile , some of the steps the new administration has already taken , specifically on immigration restrictions , may make an already impossible job harder still .   So , rather than raising unrealistic expectations , Trump should start by avoiding making matters worse , look for smart ways to continue the fight against ISIS ISIS and above all , level with the American public that the fight is bound to be a long one .   More of the same ?    In a national security memorandum dated January 28 , Trump Trump his Trump to " develop a comprehensive plan to defeat ISIS , " and specifically asked the Pentagon for tougher options against ISIS ISIS 30 days . These reportedly potentially include using artillery and attack helicopters     and even US forces     to support an assault on Raqqa , ISIS’ capital city . Other steps reportedly being contemplated include increasing use of US special forces in Syria and Iraq , directly arming Kurdish forces ( a move that is likely to anger the Turks ) and potentially including Turkish forces in the Raqqa operation . At the same time , Trump will need to make a decision whether to continue the CIA operation to train and arm vetted elements of the Syrian opposition , a program he Trump on the campaign trail and as   .   Yet most of these steps seem to fall within the    template laid down by the Obama administration . That the   template laid down by the Obama administration summarized as " by , with , and through , " and with the exception of involving more US forces in the fight ( and nobody seems to be talking about large numbers ) none of what ’s being contemplated seems like a radical departure from the previous the Obama administration is therefore unlikely to lead to dramatic results .   President Trump has talked about safe zones for Syrian refugees . But it is unclear what exactly they would be designed Syrian refugees do , who would patrol and protect them , and how Syrian refugees would fit into Syrian refugees    strategy . Indeed , on balance , what Trump seems to be President Trump is doing what Obama did , just more of it . This might President Trump the timetables for major    offensives , but it ’s unlikely to This to the eradication of the jihadis .   Dancing with the bear has downsides , The centerpiece of Trump ’s views on President Trump to destroy ISIS clearly focus on some kind of undefined partnership with Russia . Trump seems willing to President Trump Russian President Vladimir Putin take the lead on Syria , both in working with the Turks and the Syrian regime on a ceasefire , and perhaps also in cementing Bashar   ’s regime as a permanent part of the Syrian political equation .   On paper , one would assume that such coordination would make sense . After all , Putin wants ISIS destroyed so does Trump . So , why not pool    resources and bring to bear maximum pressure against the jihadis ?   But like so many putative simple fixes , there are serious costs in cooperating with the Russians .   Russia ’s indiscriminate attacks against civilians during the siege of Aleppo has led to plausible allegations of war crimes , and has demonstrated that Putin , unlike the Putin States , cares little about collateral damage . Identifying Washington with Putin ’s the United States for Putin policies of the Assad regime will only further blacken America ’s name , create the United States jihadi recruits , alienate Sunni Arab regimes , and identify America with the    alliance of the United States , Assad and Hezbollah .   In Assad , in view of recent Russian hacking , there is good reason to worry about sharing intelligence with the Russians . With all this in mind , it is not at all clear that the military benefits of    cooperation are worth these downsides . Clearly , Putin will seek to dangle Russian cooperation against ISIS in front Russian Trump in hopes of getting Washington to ease sanctions . But such a quid pro quo would severely damage US interests .   Restricting Muslim immigration , Donald Trump ’s new executive order on immigration , far from strengthening the fight against the jihadis , is likely to make it harder . Administration protestations to the contrary , the cumulative impact of the new restrictions will send an unmistakable signal that America wants to keep Muslims out . Overseas , this will have a deleterious impact on the fight against ISIS , particularly for Iraq ( one of the seven countries on the banned list ) whose forces are integral to beating ISIS in Mosul .   These ISIS rules will also feed ISIS and jihadi propaganda and help ISIS recruitment . And not just in the Middle East . American Muslims , a key line of defense against homegrown jihadis , will be demoralized by what they feel is a discriminatory policy American Muslims, a key line of defense against homegrown jihadis particularly the language in the executive order that talks about keeping immigrants out who do n’t support America ’s founding principles . This might easily be interpreted as a loyalty oath that in a    situation , they fear , might be applied American Muslims, a key line of defense against homegrown jihadis their community , too . No American Muslims, a key line of defense against homegrown jihadis the war on terror , Fifteen years on from the    attacks , and three years into ISIS’ declared caliphate , tremendous progress has been made in weakening ISIS , killing the group ’s leaders and depriving it of territory and resources . the group’s formal ISIS caliphate is set ISIS’ declared caliphate But it ’s also fair to say that the jihadi ISIS’ declared caliphate     not just emanating from ISIS , but al Qaeda and its affiliates , ISIS     has not been eradicated al Qaeda and is unlikely to be .   The Middle East today is a giant petri dish affording an ideal habitat for jihadis to survive . Ungoverned spaces , crumbling Arab state authority in places like Libya and Syria , Shia dominance and exclusion and repression of Sunnis is creating a ready made grievance narrative that allows ISIS to recruit fellow Sunnis . Eradicating ISIS and other jihadi groups would require a Middle ISIS that is stable , inclusive and reasonably well governed , something that ’s just not in the cards .   In short , there ’s no more winning the war against jihadi terror than there is winning the war against mental illness , drugs , crime or bigotry . Instead , rather than telling the American people that ISIS will be ended for all time , and ISIS the threat to the homeland , the Trump administration should first consider avoiding actions that will make the fight against the jihadis even harder .   In practice this means it ought to avoid getting too close to the Russians and the Assad regime , that it should continue to support Syrian opposition groups and it Kurds to maintain a degree of influence on the ground , it should try to work with Turkey , and it should mount a major humanitarian effort to aid it and those displaced within Syria and Iraq .   Doing things like canceling the Syrian refugee program , in contrast , not only alienates the Muslim constituencies at home and abroad that the United States will need in the long fight against the jihadis , but helps undermine American values and interests . 
 