Miami ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton is poised to reveal Hillary Clinton vice presidential candidate Friday in a message to supporters , people close to the search say , and is planning to make Hillary Clinton first appearance with Hillary Clinton running mate at a campaign rally in Miami on Saturday . Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia has emerged as a leading contender after a methodical search , several Democrats close to the campaign say , receiving spirited backing from President Barack Obama and former President Bill Clinton . In selecting the battleground of Florida to make Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia public announcement , former President Bill Clinton is hoping to seize the spotlight from Republicans after Republicans convention in Cleveland . former President Bill Clinton is set to visit Orlando and Tampa on Friday , but former President Bill Clinton new partner is not expected to join former President Bill Clinton until Saturday at a rally here at Florida International University , where the student body is more than half Hispanic . Kaine speaks fluent Spanish , and last week , Clinton beamed at a Virginia rally as Clinton declared : " Estamos listos para Hillary ! " or " We are ready for Hillary ! " Clinton has yet to reveal Clinton choice beyond Clinton tight inner circle , fearful of it leaking before a    weekend rollout is set into motion . Clinton campaign , looking to build Her campaign email and text list , has offered supporters the chance to be the " first to know " supporters vice presidential pick , much like Barack Obama did in 2008 . The focus of Clinton search in the final days also centers on Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack , according to several Democrats close to the process , confident either Kaine or Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack would fit Clinton chief criteria of being a strong governing partner and ready for the presidency . Clinton veepstakes : Why consider Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack ? " She Clinton not going to be waffling at the 11th hour like ( Donald ) Trump , " one Democrat close to the the process , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the secrecy surrounding the selection . " By now , she knows Clinton she wants Clinton will be confident in her choice Clinton " She also Clinton considering Labor Secretary Tom Perez , who would be the first Hispanic candidate on the party ’s ticket , or Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey , who would be the first    vice presidential nominee . Democrats close to the process said Perez and Labor Secretary Tom Perez, who would be the first Hispanic candidate on the party’s ticket, or Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey, who would be the first   vice presidential nominee strengths , far beyond their diversity , but Labor Secretary Tom Perez, who would be the first Hispanic candidate on the party’s ticket, or Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey, who would be the first   vice presidential nominee limited experience in Labor Secretary Tom Perez, who would be the first Hispanic candidate on the party’s ticket, or Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey, who would be the first   vice presidential nominee security and government made them less likely to Labor Secretary Tom Perez, who would be the first Hispanic candidate on the party’s ticket, or Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey, who would be the first   vice presidential nominee selected . The Clinton campaign watched the closing day of the Republican convention with great interest , particularly Trump ’s speech , but decided against making an announcement early Friday morning . Her campaign is trying The Clinton campaign excitement around the Democratic ticket heading into the party ’s convention next week in Philadelphia . The consensus , even among several Democrats close to other finalists , is that Kaine will be tapped as Clinton ’s vice presidential candidate . Yet others close to Clinton still cautioned against counting Clinton Vilsack , who has the most state and federal governing experience and the longest personal relationship with Clinton . For Clinton , Clinton selection of Clinton running mate opens a new and important chapter in her political life . U. Clinton Hispanic Chamber of Commerce endorses Clinton , Her first presidential Clinton ended Clinton before any serious consideration of a running mate began , so this phase of her campaign is uncharted terrain Her first presidential campaign moment where she can choose her own Clinton . She Clinton deeply involved in Clinton selection of Al Gore to be her husband ’s running mate Clinton 1992 , but this choice is hers . Her husband favors Clinton , Clinton close to him say , but one added Her husband week : " He gets a say , but Her husband n’t have a vote on this . " The weekend debut of the Democratic ticket is designed to build anticipation for the party ’s convention starting Monday in Philadelphia . After they are formally nominated , Clinton and her new running mate are expected Clinton embark on a bus tour to key campaign battlegrounds , similar to the " First 1 , 000 Miles " caravan in 1992 that took the Clintons and Gores to eight states on their way to winning the White the Clintons and Gores in November . For her part , Clinton has intentionally Clinton informed anyone Clinton has gone through the vetting process of her final decision , Democrats close Clinton the process said , in hopes the vetting process of her final decision her choice a secret until the Clinton possible moment . Clinton : Trump most dangerous candidate Clinton U. S. history , Booker , who often fires up audiences for Clinton , appeared with other Democrats Clinton Cleveland on Thursday to push back against Trump and Republicans , who have spent the week assailing her character . " I do Clinton know who the nominee is , " Booker told CNN ’s Jake Tapper Thursday . " The good thing about Thursday is she has tremendous choices . " Clinton two Democrats close to Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and one close to Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio , both of whom were on Clinton ’s list of contenders , said Thursday they were all but certain they Thursday both of whom been selected . Warren both of whom Stephen Colbert on CBS’ " Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts Show " that she thought " if it were me Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts I would know it by now . " Clinton meets it potential VP picks , Clinton the finalists have met with Clinton at different times , Democrats close Clinton the process say , including Perez , Booker and Warren during     meetings last Friday at Clinton ’s home in Washington . But Clinton week , the Clinton campaign had a meeting with top Clinton aides , trying to work out Warren surrogate schedule for her for the rest of the summer Clinton fall , leading Warren ’s team to believe she had Warren chosen . The Clinton of either Brown , Warren or Booker would influence the balance of Warren in the Senate . Their replacement would be named , at least Warren or Booker , by a Republican governor in their state , and Clinton is intent on Warren or Booker to win a Democratic majority in the Senate . Clinton started this process before the Senate fight with Clinton Sanders ended with what Clinton described as a " fluid " list , including several potential running mates . Several were eliminated , including Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper , Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro and James Stravidis , the former supreme allied commander of NATO and a retired    Navy admiral . 
 