  ( CNN ) Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said Friday night the United States has not been " rounding anyone up , " after immigration authorities acknowledged arrests of undocumented migrants across the United States this week . " They ’re not rounding anyone up , " Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said at the San Ysidro Port of Entry between San Diego and Tijuana . " The people that ICE ( Immigration and Customs Enforcement ) apprehend are people who are illegal , and then some . " Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly went on two " knock and talk " visits to homes before 6 a. m. Friday , during which authorities apparently took into custody three people , including " a particularly bad individual . " Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly ’s comments followed growing fear and confusion for some immigrants and their families and advocates . Earlier Friday , Mexico warned its Mexico living in the United States to " take precautions " and remain in contact with consular officials , following the deportation of an undocumented mother while she an undocumented mother on a routine    with US immigration authorities .       immigrants’ advocates want you to know , The fears and warnings come amid court battles over President Donald Trump ’s proposed ban on immigrants from seven    nations . Trump President Donald Trump also vowed to deport some 3 million undocumented immigrants who have criminal records . He President Donald Trump famously promised to build a wall at the    border to block illegal immigration . Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos , 35 , was deported Thursday after she checked in with the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement office in Phoenix a day earlier . The action sparked protests by the mother ’s supporters and drew praise from proponents of stricter enforcement of immigration laws . ICE said most of the people targeted this week     in homes and workplaces from Southern California to   Atlanta and other cities     are criminals . Democrats , advocates question ICE enforcement raids after hundreds of arrests , Arrests and fear , In Los Angeles , ICE ICE Friday that it ICE arrested about 160 people from a dozen countries during a      operation aimed at undocumented criminals , immigration fugitives and people who    the United States illegally after deportation . About 150 of the suspects have criminal histories , including felony convictions for serious or violent offenses , according to an ICE statement . There were 10 people with no criminal history but five had orders of removal or had been previously deported . The an ICE statement the arrests were part of what it called a an ICE statement " enforcement surge . " It denied reports an ICE statement ICE checkpoints and random sweeps , calling them " false the arrests dangerous , and irresponsible . "   " These reports create panic and put communities and law enforcement personnel in unnecessary danger , " the statement said an ICE statement Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti issued a statement Friday night asking ICE for " greater transparency about ongoing operations " within the city . ACLU Texas Executive Director Terri Burke told CNN that " raids " had been happening in Austin " the last few nights . " " It is not unlike some of the things Obama did , but it ’s ramped up It worse , " Burke said .   ACLU Texas Executive Director Terri Burke Rocha , the national president of the League of United Latin American Citizens , said , " It appears that ICE has started its effort to make ICE on campaign promises regarding mass deportations of undocumented individuals whose only crime is a lack of status . " In the Texas capital , City Councilman Greg Casar said children in Austin " have not come to school " and " families . .. have locked themselves into their apartments " because themselves ICE enforcement actions , according to CNN affiliate   . Arizona mother deported to Mexico , " The case involving Mrs. Garcia de Rayos illustrates a new reality for the Mexican community living in the United States , facing the most severe implementation of immigration control measures , " Mexico ’s Foreign Ministry Mexico a statement Friday .   Mexican consulates " have intensified their work of protecting fellow Mexican consulates , foreseeing more severe immigration measures to be implemented by the authorities of this country , and possible Mexico constitutional precepts during such operations and problems with due process , " the statement said . What we a statement Arizona mother ’s deportation , On Wednesday , Garcia de Rayos went for her routine    with immigration authorities , Garcia de Rayos eighth visit since her 2008 arrest Garcia de Rayos conviction for using Garcia de Rayos fake Social Security number .    After each previous meeting , the married mother of two was released Arizona mother family , but this week she was detained and deported Arizona mother 24 hours to her native Arizona mother . Her attorney said the deportation was a Arizona mother result of President Arizona mother Trump ’s crackdown on illegal immigration . US immigration officials said there was nothing special about her case     she committed a crime and her deportation order Arizona mother enforced . Arizona mother The Mexican Foreign Ministry Arizona mother said , " It is important that fellow nationals familiarize themselves with the different The Mexican Foreign Ministry statement they might encounter and know where fellow nationals can go to receive fellow nationals information and know all their fellow nationals . "   The statement said consular officials from fellow nationals , Arizona , were The Mexican Foreign Ministry statement Garcia de Rayos was deported to Mexico on Thursday to ensure it was done in a " dignified and safe " manner . Trump ’s plan wo n’t be easy . Just ask Obama , Immigrants urged to ’know the risks’ Activists have said some unauthorized immigrants , fearing deportation , may skip routine    with US immigration authorities .     Activists and Garcia de Rayos’ attorney said they warned her she could be deported under Trump ’s policy . Activists and Garcia de Rayos’ attorney offered Garcia de Rayos’ attorney Garcia de Rayos’ attorney a church , but Trump’s to check in Activists and Garcia de Rayos’ attorney immigration authorities anyway . In an interview Garcia de Rayos’ attorney , Garcia de Rayos’ husband , who asked that his name not be used Garcia de Rayos’ that unauthorized immigrants need to know the Garcia de Rayos’ they face when reporting to ICE .   " They have the choice of showing unauthorized immigrants and take a chance , take a risk unauthorized immigrants being detained just like my wife was detained and deported , " he said . " They also have the option of sanctuary . Or they have Garcia de Rayos’ option of not unauthorized immigrants up . . .. I would tell them unauthorized immigrants look the option of sanctuary for a human rights organization . unauthorized immigrants The term " sanctuary city " is a broad term applied to jurisdictions that have policies in place designed to limit cooperation with or involvement in federal immigration enforcement actions . Cities , counties and some states have a range of informal policies as well as laws that qualify as " sanctuary " positions . Most of the policies revolve around not cooperating with federal law enforcement on immigration policies . Many of the largest cities in informal policies as well as laws that qualify as "sanctuary" positions have forms of such policies . Number of Mexican immigrants declining , There are about 11 million unauthorized immigrants in the United States , according to the Pew Research Center .    Mexicans made up 52 % of all unauthorized immigrants in 2014 , but their numbers have declined in recent years , the center reported .   The center estimates 5 . 8 million unauthorized Mexicans from Mexico were living in the United the Pew Research Center 2014 , down from the Pew Research Center 4 million in 2009 . 
 the United States 