Washington ( CNN ) George Will , the conservative commentator and columnist , said Sunday that George Will changed George Will voter registration to " unaffiliated " 23 days ago and has left the Republican Party because of Donald Trump . " After Donald Trump went after the ’Mexican’ judge from northern Indiana then ( House Speaker ) Paul Ryan endorsed Paul Ryan , I decided that in fact this was not the Republican Party anymore , " Will said on " Fox News Sunday . " Trump Donald Trump Will on Twitter over his Donald Trump to leave the GOP Sunday morning , writing : " George Will , one of the most overrated political pundits ( who lost his Donald Trump long ago ) has left the the Republican Party He ’s made Donald Trump bad calls . " Will responded on " Fox News "Fox News Fox News " Sunday has an Donald Trump on me , because he can say Donald Trump he knows about Donald Trump subject in 140 characters and I ca n’t . "   He said he Donald Trump joined Donald Trump Republican Party the Republican Party inspired by Arizona Sen. Barry Goldwater , a founder of the conservative movement and a key figure in the party then .   the Republican Party joined it because I was a conservative , and I leave it for the same reason : I ’m a it , " Will said .   " The long and the short of it is , as Ronald Reagan said when he it his registration , ’I did not leave Ronald Reagan Democratic Ronald Reagan the Democratic Party the Republican Party he said the Republican Party first announced his decision to leave the GOP Ronald Reagan a Federalist Society luncheon Friday . Ronald Reagan told the audience : " This is not my party , " Ronald Reagan to PJ Media , a the Republican Party website . The Pulitzer    confirmed to PJM in an interview after his speech that he had left the party and was now " an unaffiliated Ronald Reagan in the Ronald Reagan Maryland " before switching the subject . PJM reported that Will cited Ryan ’s endorsement of Trump is one of the reasons PJM he decided to leave the party . Will did n’t say whether he ’d vote Ronald Reagan the Republican Party presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton or a    candidate , such Ronald Reagan Libertarian Gary Johnson . Will , who worked on President Ronald Reagan ’s 1980 campaign , also said at the luncheon that Trump as president with " no opposition " from a    Congress would be worse than Trump as president with a    Congress . When asked by PJ Media about his message to conservatives regarding Trump , Will responded , " Make sure he loses . Trump as president with "no opposition" from a   Congress their teeth for four years and win the White House . " Trump as president with "no opposition" from a   Congress efforts to reach Will were not immediately successful Saturday . Will has long been a harsh critic of Trump . Just earlier this month , he told Fox News that Trump is a " real amateur in politics . " " Trump as president with "no opposition" from a   Congress seems to confuse the Trump of the crowds in front of him at the moment Trump as president with "no opposition" from a   Congress the high school auditorium with the larger electorate , " he Trump as president with "no opposition" from a   Congress . " Whereas , in fact , crowds are definitionally not a representative selection Trump as president with "no opposition" from a   Congress the American people . " And this is not the first time the conservative has broken with Republican Party orthodoxy . In 2009 , he wrote an    in The Washington Post calling on the United States to get out Trump as president with "no opposition" from a   Congress Afghanistan , which received criticism from his party . 
 Trump as president with "no opposition" from a   Congress Republican Party 