Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump , hoping to stack his first 100 days with as many achievements as possible , has relied heavily on the use of executive orders , actions his decried as a 2016 candidate . Trump , after Thursday , will have signed 29 executive orders , more than any President in the last 72 years , when President Harry Truman signed 57 orders in President Harry Truman . While the orders have 29 executive orders gamut from immigration to federal lands , they all offer Trump a key Trump : The ability to tout wins without going through the arduous legwork of working with Congress to pass legislation . A person close to the President , speaking on condition of anonymity to frankly discuss internal deliberations , said the executive orders have been helpful to the White House to get quick wins on the board , but do n’t have the breadth and permanency of legislation . " They let you take action , " the person said . A person close to the President does n’t take place of something statutory . " In the last week alone , Trump has signed four orders dealing with protecting rural farmers , reviewing his authority to protect federal Trump , kicking off a review of the Department of Education and making it easier for whistleblowers at a review of the Department of Education Department of Veterans Affairs to come forward . Obama ’s orders , The orders stand in stark four orders dealing with protecting rural farmers what the President said during the 2016 campaign , when he said using executive orders proves the President ca n’t work together to strike deals . " I do n’t think he even tries anymore , " the President said of President Barack Obama in December 2015 . " I think he just signs executive actions . Trump A month later , as contests in Iowa and New Hampshire loomed , Trump said Obama ’s executive orders Trump he President Barack Obama does n’t talk to Trump . " " You know , it ’s supposed to be negotiated , " Trump told CNN in January 2016 Trump " You ’re supposed to cajole , get people in a room , you have Republicans , Democrats , you ’re supposed to get together and pass a law . ( Obama ) does n’t want to President Barack Obama that because it ’s too much work . (Obama) he does n’t want to work (Obama) hard . He wants to go back and (Obama) golf . " Trump and his team , though , have (Obama) unabashed when touting what they have accomplished through executive orders Trump and his team Earlier this month , Trump ’s team sent out a list of 37 first 100 day accomplishments their Republican surrogates and supporters could Trump’s team . More than 60 % of them were accomplished by executive action Trump’s team memorandum , a presidential tool that many of the Republicans who received the document decried when they were used by Obama . More than 60% of them Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions said Obama was acting like an " Obama " in 2014 when he issued an executive order on Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions . Sessions , now Trump ’s most vocal immigration proponent as his attorney general , has praised Trump President for acting on immigration Obama order . " Such policies can not continue , " Sessions said last month when the Justice Department followed an executive order with action on cities that decline to enforce some federal immigration laws on immigration . " They make our nation less safe by putting dangerous criminals back on our streets . " House Speaker Paul our , after Obama signed an executive order looking to curb gun violence in 2016 , said the    was instituting " a dangerous level of executive overreach " with the order . Ryan has yet to an executive order looking to curb gun violence in 2016 Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s use of executive orders and only offered slight criticism of the way Trump ’s order on immigration into the United States was rolled out . " President Trump is wasting no time acting on Trump , " Ryan said days after Trump Trump inaugurated House Speaker Paul Ryan " We look forward to Trump with the president to build on these actions and deliver Trump the people . " Everybody does it , Trump is far from the first president to rely on Trump orders . President Franklin D. Roosevelt , in an effort to kick off his New Deal , signed a whopping 99 in his President Franklin D. Roosevelt 100 days . Critiquing Obama for his use President Franklin D. Roosevelt the actions in the second half of Obama administration became the standard for Republicans , despite the Obama Obama signed 19 orders in his first 100 days , Obama to Pew Research Center Obama fewer orders per year than any president since Grover Cleveland Obama who left office in 1897 . But Obama , too , knocked his predecessor     George W. Bush     for Obama around Congress . Obama Obama the orders once his administration felt it was impossible to go Obama Congress fewer orders per year than any president since Grover Cleveland, who left office in 1897 the Obama Republicans controlled both the House and the Senate . Congress ’s use of the orders , Republicans say , are an effort to roll back Obama ’s fewer orders per year than any president since Grover Cleveland, who left office in 1897 but are unique given how the President ’s Republican Obama both sides of the legislative branch . But it has n’t been smooth sailing in Congress during Trump ’s first 100 days . Democrats the President’s Republican Party opposed to almost anything he does and some Trump , as evidenced by his push for health care reform , have shown they are willing to buck the President he 
 the President’s Democrats 