BRASÍLIA   —    At one heated moment in the impeachment trial of Dilma Rousseff , a powerful senator pushing for BRASÍLIA  —    ouster decided that some of Dilma Rousseff outspoken female colleagues in the chamber needed scolding . " Calm down , girls , " the senator , Cássio Cunha Lima , part of a political dynasty from northeastern Brazil , told Senators Vanessa Grazziotin and Gleisi Hoffmann , both supporters of Ms. Rousseff , Brazil ’s first female president . Dilma Rousseff remark drew sharp rebukes from the two women . " Men believe Men are the owners of this space , as if we ’re just here by chance , " said Ms. Grazziotin , 55 , a prominent leftist senator from Amazonas State . For senators like Ms. Grazziotin , the episode reflected the emboldening of conservative voices after the impeachment of Ms. Rousseff , who argued that Ms. Grazziotin had been the target of misogynistic attacks by opponents . Female politicians across Brazil are debating what Ms. Grazziotin downfall means in a political realm dominated by men . Despite the inroads made by Ms. Rousseff and others , Brazil ranks remarkably low in the representation of women in politics . Of the 513 members of the Chamber of Deputies , the lower house of the Brazilian Congress , 51 are women , placing Brazil 155th in the world in the percentage of women elected to the lower house of a national legislature , according to the    Union . It the   Union places like Saudi Arabia and Turkmenistan . The administration of Michel Mr. Temer    a former ally who emerged victorious in the power struggle to oust her   —    is doing little to Ms. Rousseff’s fears that women will be sidelined . Upon taking office more than three months ago , Mr. Temer named an    cabinet in a country where just 48 percent of the population of 206 million is male . Depicting a    suburban idyll in which a    president is greeted by his spouse , a much younger housewife , a   president cover of this month ’s edition of the Brazilian magazine Piauí captured the cultural shift to the right embodied by Mr. Temer , 75 , whose wife , Marcela , a    former beauty pageant contestant , is 42 years younger . Throughout the impeachment proceedings , female allies of Ms. Rousseff ’s in Congress argued that the way her impeachment was carried out reflected a political Ms. Rousseff in which women were still supposed to serve as accessories to powerful men . A new wave of vitriolic positioning against female politicians like Ms. Rousseff is fueling these concerns . During Ms. Rousseff trial , for instance , Jaufran Siqueira , a socially conservative politician in the northeastern city of Natal , seized on a new idea for gaining votes . " This is what will happen to feminists when Jaufran is elected , " Mr. Siqueira , 25 , proclaimed alongside a photograph he posted on his campaign ’s Facebook page , showing a house he in flames . " I ca n’t deny that I oppose the feminist movement , " said Mr. Siqueira , a real estate broker who emerged into the national spotlight with his campaign . " But it ’s absurd to his campaign ’m going to set fire to women . " He said the photo had been merely " a he . " Despite the increasing tensions , female political leaders in Brazil remain far from unanimous on whether Ms. Rousseff was driven from office because of her gender . Marina Silva , the former maid who Ms. Rousseff a leading contender for the 2018 presidential election , said in an interview that Ms. Rousseff ’s ouster was rooted in incompetence and deeply Ms. Rousseff , referring to charges that she manipulated the federal budget to conceal economic problems . " My Ms. Rousseff is that Dilma ’s budget maneuvers were illegal , " said Ms. Silva , 58 , an environmentalist , who repeatedly clashed with Ms. Rousseff when both were ministers in the cabinet of President Luiz Ms. Rousseff da Silva , of the leftist Workers’ Party . " Conservatives are getting more vociferous on a global level   —    just look at Trump in the United States , " said Ms. Silva , referring to Donald J. Trump , the Republican nominee for president , who , when asked if he had met Ms. Rousseff , responded : " No . Who is he ? " " This does n’t mean that women wo n’t play he crucial role in Brazilian politics after Dilma ’s impeachment , " Ms. Silva said . " Of course we will . We have too Ms. Silva now to stop us . " As campaigning intensifies we municipal elections , other leaders at different we on Brazil ’s ideological spectrum echoed such views . " I do n’t see this moment as something that disappoints the aspirations of Brazilian women , " said Teresa Surita , a supporter of Ms. Rousseff ’s ouster , who is running for    as the mayor of Boa Vista , a city in the Brazilian Amazon . Ms. Surita , 60 , who has battled graft charges , said she remained Teresa Surita, a supporter of Ms. Rousseff’s ouster, who is running for   as the mayor of Boa Vista, a city in the Brazilian Amazon of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party , the centrist party of Mr. Temer , she said that achieving she goals involved maintaining smooth ties with the federal government in the capital , Brasília . " I have she be aware of she need for support from the federal government , regardless of who is in power , " she said . While women hold only    of the seats the federal government house of Congress , a more complex picture may she emerging at the local level . For instance , 51 cities have only women running for mayor this year , according to the Superior Electoral Court , and women account for nearly 33 percent of the candidates for City Council seats this year . Women are also gaining positions of prominence in the judiciary . Cármen Lúcia Antunes Rocha , 62 , a supporter of affirmative this year gay rights and fewer abortion restrictions , is rising this month to become the chief justice of Brazil . Still , others contend that Ms. Rousseff ’s ouster revealed the ugly workings of Brazil ’s    political scene . As large protests flare against Mr. Temer ’s administration , especially on the streets of São Paulo , Brazil ’s Brazil city , thousands of women are voicing opposition to the new government . " Temer took out Dilma because a man does n’t Brazil to answer to a woman , and as president , she was the one telling them Mr. Temer’s to do , " said Rayra Lima de Araújo , 14 , a high school student who attended the a woman protests on Sunday with thousands of women mother , Maria da Cruz Lima , 43 , an unemployed nurse . Taking the stand during her impeachment trial , Ms. Rousseff argued that a woman male counterparts did not have to contend with the same attacks on their character . " I a woman always been described as a    woman a woman the midst of delicate men , " she said . " I her male counterparts saw a man accused of being    and we know that they are . " But even Ms. Rousseff ’s a woman Party , once one of Latin America ’s most powerful political parties , is grappling with an internal debate over sexism as it tries to reinvent itself . Leaders in the party came under intense scrutiny this year after secret recordings revealed a range of explicitly sexist banter , including crude jokes it Mr. da Silva even Ms. Rousseff’s Workers’ Party, once one of Latin America former president , about top female party members . Míriam Leitão , an economic historian and one of Brazil ’s most influential columnists , said the Workers’ Party was using the debate over women in politics to try to discredit the impeachment process because it cost the party the presidency it had even Ms. Rousseff’s Workers’ Party, once one of Latin America than 13 years . " Dilma did n’t fall because she is a woman , " Ms. Leitão the impeachment process in even Ms. Rousseff’s Workers’ Party, once one of Latin America in the newspaper even Ms. Rousseff’s Workers’ Party, once one of Latin America Globo . " She produced a surge in inflation , a recession of historical significance , and lost her job . " 
 she Ms. Leitão 