On August 15th , with little fanfare , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) took steps to improve the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) ability to deal with infectious outbreaks . the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) proposed a new rule that would expand its the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to screen , test , and quarantine people traveling into or within the United States , in the event of a crisis like the historic Ebola outbreak of 2014 . On the face of it , this sounds like a good thing . The threat of infectious diseases is omnipresent and growing . Familiar threats like flu , Ebola , or measles continually rear their Ebola, or measles , often in new guises , while completely new dangers like MERS or SARS can take the world by surprise . When that happens , the CDC must act quickly and decisively —   and its the CDC powers will purportedly help it the CDC do so . But some epidemiologists , lawyers , and health organizations say that the rule , in its the rule form poses a serious threat to civil liberties , allowing authorities to detain and examine people with little heed to due process and informed consent .    " They some epidemiologists, lawyers, and health organizations giving themselves some epidemiologists, lawyers, and health organizations benefit of the doubt , " says Jennifer Nuzzo , an epidemiologist at the UPMC Center for Health Security and a    of a recent paper criticizing the proposed rule . " I do n’t worry about the CDC . I worry about people above them the CDC them the CDC things they the CDC n’t want to do because they the CDC given themselves the CDC broad powers . Those these broad powers make their jobs these broad powers , until they do these broad powers . " The the CDC this play in 2005 , proposing a rule that would have expanded their quarantine the CDC and required airlines to maintain a traveler database . But after a wave of critical comments , including from the travel industry , they shelved the CDC rule . Its new incarnation the rule similar , but perhaps even broader in scope . It covers " the rule emergencies , " which are defined as any " communicable disease event " that the Director thinks could spread or " is highly likely to cause death or serious illness if not properly controlled . " ( The Director can the Director by the President at any time without Senate confirmation . ) During such events , the CDC could screen people at airports and other transport hubs , apprehend those they suspect of being ill for three days , and potentially quarantine or isolate them pending a medical they . It is already authorized to detain people suspected of carrying diseases like plague , Ebola , and ( somewhat improbably ) smallpox . But the new rule does away with a formal list . It extends the same the new rule to any " quarantinable communicable disease , " and uses wider range of symptoms ( from a list that federal agents can update as the need arises ) for defining " ill " people . There are good reasons behind these semantic expansions . The current system was enshrined in 1944 and needs an update in the face of the diseases that have arisen since . For example , the existing list of warning symptoms does n’t cover many important signs of known diseases like Ebola and MERS . Meanwhile , new and unknown illnesses are emerging all the time . " The CDC trying to equip itself with sufficient flexibility The CDC respond to diseases we ’ve never heard of , in a way where it does n’t have The CDC revisit these rules every few years , " says James Hodge Jr , a professor of    law and ethics at Arizona State University . " I ’m supportive of that . " But Hodge , Nuzzo , and others feel that the CDC risks sacrificing personal liberty at the altar of flexibility and expediency . " The rule allows the CDC to move on somebody based on some belief that they might pose some the CDC risk to others , " says Hodge . " That ’s not a standard that survives constitutional scrutiny . " For a start , the rule is sparse The rule comes to due process The rule It allows the CDC to The rule travelers the CDC CDC whether to quarantine them , saying only that the travelers " does n’t expect the CDC apprehensions to last for more than 72 hours . It does n’t make provisions The rule legal counsel if people ca n’t afford a lawyer themselves . And it puts any reviews of The rule agency ’s decisions under the auspices the CDC employees , rather than a neutral third the CDC . Using the rule , " a future administration could hold travelers in government custody for days or weeks without providing an explanation or an opportunity for the individuals to challenge their detentions , " write Emma Roth and Kyle the individuals from Yale Law School . The rule also gives the CDC ultimate authority to the rule medical tests and treatments , stating that " the individual ’s consent shall not be considered as a prerequisite to the exercise of any authority . " That ’s medically unethical , says Hodge , since informed consent has been a bedrock of medicine for decades . " If you do n’t get it , you could have additional quarantine , but you do n’t get to force informed consent on people . " Perhaps the most striking thing about these criticisms is how easy it would be for the CDC to have its cake and eat it . " There are really the CDC due process steps the CDC could be put in place that would not undermine the CDC ’s powers , but that would put in checks the CDC balances so that when the powers are exercised , it ’s done in a the CDC’s powers respects civil liberties , the CDC’s powers says Alexandra Phelan from Georgetown Law School .    The stickier problem is that there ’s little evidence to support screening or quarantining travelers . Consider the Ebola outbreak . The CDC screened more than 38 , Ebola CDC’s U. S. by interviewing them and checking their medical records . They then monitored over 10 , 000 people for 21 them . And they them exactly zero cases of Ebola . You might ask : So what them Why take the chance ? Why not ensure that we ’ll catch the rare exceptions in the future ? Here ’s the thing , and it bears emphasizing : What you think would work in an outbreak often does the thing work . In these situations ,    " common sense " can completely backfire . " With Ebola , " says Nuzzo , screening does n’t work because " you ’re Ebola transmissible until you ’re really sick , and then you ’re not moving . " It ’s telling that Thomas Duncan , a Liberian man who was diagnosed with Ebola while visiting family in Dallas , did n’t spread the virus to anyone Ebola his family or his community . He only transmitted it to two nurses who were caring for his long after his was obvious the virus he had Ebola . Quarantines could also his serious unintended the virus . " You his the Ebola that you can keep cases out by monitoring them , and there ’s no evidence that we can do this , " cases Nuzzo . If the disease does enter the country , that would seriously damage the credibility of health workers —   the CDC included . When doctor Richard Spencer fell sick with Ebola in New York , after having helped with the outbreak in Guinea , he was vilified . People went on a witch hunt to find all the doctor Richard Spencer he ’d been to or eaten at , even though there was no risk doctor Richard Spencer him spreading the virus at any of those places . " If we start doctor Richard Spencer people , it enforces that message . " The distrust and confusion will be exacerbated if people fear that they will be quarantined unfairly cases will go underground , and diseases will spread people And if health workers share those fears , they ’ll be unwilling to travel to outbreak zones to help . That happened health workers the last Ebola outbreak : thanks to the CDC ’s quarantines , the number of American health workers traveling to West Africa fell by 25 percent . Many worried that they would lose their jobs if they were isolated for weeks upon their return . Quarantine also they severe stigma they In 2014 , two    they and a family of six Liberian immigrants were quarantined in Connecticut . " Though none had been exposed to Ebola or posed any threat to public health , the state confined these individuals to their homes for weeks , " write Roth and Edwards , two   workers and a family of six Liberian immigrants them . two   workers and a family of six Liberian immigrants The state failed to provide these individuals with food or other basic two   workers and a family of six Liberian immigrants and failed the state some that they two   workers and a family of six Liberian immigrants legal right to challenge their quarantine orders in court . To this day two   workers and a family of six Liberian immigrants Liberian Americans in Connecticut experience shame two   workers and a family of six Liberian immigrants stigma as a result of wrongly being labeled a threat to public health . " By contrast , other states used far less restrictive measures , like daily phone calls with health workers . That proved to be just as effective . Rather than immediately shooting for quarantines , the CDC could amend their the CDC to use such options where CDC’s    How the CDC’s will react the CDC criticisms is unclear . They left the rule CDC’s the CDC a    period of public comment that the rule October 14 . " Important people in this field did not know about this until the comment period had closed , " Nuzzo says . " If I was the CDC the CDC wanted to put these regulations through and Nuzzo them as good as possible , I would n’t publish an    document and hope whoever needs to know sees it these regulations 2 months . " Still , the agency received 15 , 794 comments . The vast majority the CDC were an   document and incoherent , says Hodge , who reviewed them all . Around 500 to 600 were meaningful , and came from health agencies like Doctors Without Borders , legal scholars , the airline industry , and more . The CDC has to respond to the CDC the CDC issue a final rule , which must be approved by senior members of the Department of Health and Human Services , and potentially by the President . In a the President Kathy Harben , from the CDC ’s Division of Public Affairs , said the CDC " During this active    period , we are unable to discuss the the proposed rule disclose the CDC CDC will respond to the public comments . CDC will the CDC review and consider each comment before publication the CDC a final rule . " But Hodge says , " We were given some inside information that they ’re trying the CDC push Hodge through prior to the change in administration . " That ’s not comforting , given    Donald Trump ’s documented responses to outbreaks of the past . During the Ebola outbreak , as I noted in a recent article , he : promoted false information about the disease repeatedly called for Ebola to stop all flights from    countries and said that American health workers who became infected should be stopped from    the the U. S. must suffer the consequences . " These statements provide little reassurance that he will respect scientific evidence or civil liberties during a future the country The CDC came out against travel bans at the time the CDC the CDC American health workers who became infected should be stopped from   the country and "must suffer the consequences —   though    —   might pave the CDC way for similarly Draconian measures . " Its regulations inadvertently create a space for decisions that are not the CDC and might violate constitutional liberties and principles of health ethics , " says Phelan . " It ’s a space where ideology can play out . " 
 Alexandra Phelan from Georgetown Law School 