( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump entered the final two months of a long ,    presidential contest virtually tied in the popular vote , according to a new national poll . Hillary Clinton still leads in crucial swing states that could decide the election . House Republicans asked the Justice Department to investigate whether Mrs. Clinton or those working with her Hillary Clinton justice when emails were deleted from the personal server she Hillary Clinton as secretary of state . Mrs. Hillary Clinton , " The F. B. I. resolved all of this . " She also Hillary Clinton conservative alarms over a coughing fit she had Hillary Clinton and , in Florida , portrayed Mr. Trump as a bungling businessman    to serve as commander in chief . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Mr. Trump , bolstered by the endorsement of 88 retired generals and military officials , visited Virginia and North Carolina . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump persistent questions about a $ 25 , 000 donation he made to Mr. Trump group supporting the Florida attorney general , Pam Bondi , after which her office decided not to join in a review of fraud allegations at Trump University . Whoever wins in the fall , the billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch are determined to restore their brand of the billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch to the Republican Party . The vehicle : the Grassroots Leadership Academy , intended to groom a new generation of activists . Above , David Koch . David Koch _ _ _ 3 . President Obama became the first sitting American president to visit Laos , promising more aid to help locate unexploded bombs the U. S. dropped during its secret war alongside the U. S. Vietnam conflict . His dayslong Asian trip President Obama offered opportunities to burnish his legacy , particularly President Obama fighting climate change . But the shine was dimmed by insulting behavior from China and Rodrigo Duterte , the new president of the Philippines . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Congress returned from a    break highly attuned to the fall elections . One of the legislators’ most urgent but divisive tasks is to find a way to fund the government after the fiscal year ends on Sept. 30 , since neither the House nor Senate advanced annual spending bills . Zika funding is likely to have to wait for that resolution . The rotunda reopened to visitors after more than a year of repair work . The flowers above are part of an installation representing gun deaths that occurred during Congress ’s recess . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . 21st Century Fox Corporation settled a sexual harassment suit against Roger Ailes for $ 20 million and an apology . The company said that Century Fox Corporation Fox News anchor Gretchen Carlson , above , " was not treated with the respect and dignity that she and all of our colleagues deserve . " Century Fox Corporation and friction remain , as Mr. Ailes ’s lawyer said Roger Ailes not contributing anything " Mr. Ailes’s lawyer the settlement , and Fox News abruptly announced the departure of its longtime star Greta Van Susteren . Fox News _ _ _ _ 6 . Muslims from around the world have begun arriving in Mecca for the annual hajj pilgrimage . Saudi Arabia , the host , and Iran , are bickering bitterly over a crush of pilgrims last year that left at least 769 people and possibly more than 2 , 400 dead , many of them Iranian . Iranians are not taking Saudi Arabia, the host, and Iran this year . The Saudis have not explained precisely how one of the deadliest hajj accidents ever unfolded , but we reconstructed some of the disaster through official information and the account of a survivor . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . The Library of America , which has published the definitive collection of American writing for more than 35 years , enshrined Ursula K. Le Guin . At her behest , the nonprofit did not Ursula K. Le Guin out her    science fiction , starting instead Ursula K. Le Guin " The Complete Orsinia , " a collection of early stories evoking the realistic histories of imagined lands . " Someone who pigeonholed me firmly will say , ‘ What the hell?’ " she told our interviewer recently . " Ursula K. Le Guin that ’s their problem . " _ _ _ the nonprofit _ 8 . We can no longer fence our food critic in . From now We , he ’ll be reviewing restaurants outside New Someone who pigeonholed me firmly from time to time . He ’s on the far coast , Someone who pigeonholed me firmly Cassia , in Santa Monica , Calif. three stars . The Asian food offers balance rather than extremes , he writes , and the chef " Someone who pigeonholed me firmly n’t in the business of scrawling his signature on other countries’ cultures . Someone who pigeonholed me firmly If you ’re in the vicinity , check out California Today , our new daily briefing . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Britain , which like the U. S. has a large proportion of people over 65 living alone , has begun confronting loneliness as a critical public health problem linked to illness and overall decline . " It is no longer medically or ethically acceptable to ignore older adults who feel lonely and marginalized , " a geriatrician said . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . An asteroid flying between Mars and Jupiter has been named for Freddie Mercury , the lead singer of the rock group Queen . He died in 1991 at the age An asteroid flying between Mars and Jupiter 45 from complications of AIDS . The asteroid now bearing his name was discovered the same year An asteroid flying between Mars and Jupiter " It ’s just a dot of light The asteroid now bearing his name it ’s a very special dot of The asteroid now bearing his name , and maybe one day we ’ll get there , " said Brian May , the Queen guitarist who became an astrophysicist . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , good news : A leading environmental group declared the giant panda out of " endangered " status . Noting that several other species were closer to extinction , the group made a point of praising A leading environmental group government ’s efforts to protect and preserve forests to reverse the slide of the panda population . _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 Your Evening Briefing , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s our prior Evening Briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 our 