’   ’ "    On Monday ,   that Michael Flynn , the    retired general and national security adviser to President Donald    Trump , would advise the Trump administration to back Montenegro ’s    entrance into NATO   —    a move that surely would infuriate Russia . " ’    Flynn has longstanding ties to Russia —    most notably , he Flynn paid    to attend a gala event for Russia Russia , a Russian propaganda       . On that occasion , he Flynn with Russian Russian    Vladimir Putin . ’ "    The Wall Street Journal   that US    counterintelligence agents investigated Flynn ’s ties to Russia Russia    Recently , a   urged the    Department of Defense to do the same . " "    Throughout his Russian President   Vladimir Putin and presidency , Trump has   and    the US ’s adversarial relationship with Russia Russia " "    Despite that , the   has    backed Montenegro ’s NATO bid for over a year . During this time ,       Russia increasing pressure from Russia   —      Russia   in October that may be tied to    Moscow . " "    A special prosecutor in Montenegro said in November that Montenegro    nationalists tried to sway the country ’s October election Montenegro Milo Djukanovic , the      prime minister . " ’    " The organizers of this criminal group were nationalists from    Russia whose initial premise and conclusion was that the    government in Montenegro led by Milo Djukanovic can not be changed    in election and that it should be toppled by force the   government in Montenegro led by Milo Djukanovic " Milivoje    Katnic , special prosecutor for organized crime in Montenegro ,    said at the Montenegro . ’ ’   ’ "    Flynn ’s backing of Montenegro ’s entrance into NATO would Montenegro fly in the face of Trump ’s proposal to try to befriend    Russia , as Russia sees NATO expansion as aggression against Russia    NATO . " ’    NATO Benitez , a senior fellow and NATO expert at the Atlantic    Council NATO   " No NATO candidate country has    ever NATO attack or threat in the process of    finishing its membership into the alliance . " ’       NATO , Flynn is not alone among Trump appointees in striking a    more hawkish tone toward Moscow . The US’ ’s ambassador to the UN ,    Nikki Haley , also signaled such an approach ,   " The dire situation in    eastern Ukraine is one that demands clear and strong condemnation    of Russian actions . " ’ ’    Russia officially denies a military presence in eastern Ukraine ,    where fighting has recently reignited . eastern Ukraine    Before Montenegro could join NATO , its accession bid must be    approved by all 28 current NATO states and    of the US    Senate . ’ NATO Monday , Politico reported that Michael . .. ’ 
 