’   ’ ’    Cuba appears to be in a historical moment . ’ ’    In early December , Fidel Castro , . It had been my assumption    that    death was like the sun dropping out of the solar system    for Cuba . Things were going to start    to come apart , and soon . ’ ’    I traveled to Cuba two weeks Cuba his death with    in mind   —      expecting something , but not quite sure what . ’ ’    Though I was born after the end of the Cold War , Castro was one    of the few boogeymen of the era to retain his stature . Castro as    the Soviet Union disintegrated and Russia reassembled itself , and the Soviet Union China underwent rapid economic growth , Cuba and Castro held    Castro . ’ ’    But he gave up power in 2006 , to his brother Raul he and there have    been shy signs of liberalization since . A series of economic    reforms   has allowed Cubans    to . In    2014 , US President Barack Obama and Raul   that has reopened diplomatic    relations , made it simpler for Americans   —    like me   —    to visit ,    and lifted some of the economic restrictions between the    countries . ’ ’    All of this was capped off by Obama ’s   and the official    commencement of flights from American commercial airlines this    fall .    "    I suppose what I was expecting was the chance to witness    change   —    a nation grinding itself awake to the ways    of the majority of the world . That ’s approximately what I told my    taxi driver , Rafael , as he sped out of Havana and onto an empty    highway toward the countryside one Sunday morning . He smiled    he his    Aviator    which were situated    over a rectangular pair of prescription glasses . " ’    " Everyone that gets in my car talks about change , " he said , he glancing back .    But I do n’t see any change . All I see is more of    the same .    ’ "    The sentiment was one I heard over and over again , even as I    witnessed fruits of    ’s liberalization . There was n’t a tourist    I met in the country who did Cuba expecting to witness some    undefined change or wanting to visit    before   the    arrived , usually imagined    in the form    overweight Americans puffing cigars outside    newly built McDonald    and Starbucks . " ’    There ’s an arrogance to that reason for visiting , which I was as    aware of in myself as in others I met along the way . It amounts    to a kind of    poverty tourism "   —    " look at the quaint classic    cars , " or    " I want to visit before the Havana ’s buildings are    rebuilt . " ’ ’    The Cubans I met seemed to recognize the developments , while also    remaining skeptical that after nearly 60 years of Communist rule ,    any significant change would    . A    street sweeper    said to me that all the government A   street sweeper    is talk , and that he ’d    sooner believe A   street sweeper    the sun , the moon , or the ocean " if it told him    something all the government does Raul A   street sweeper    and the Communist Party . ’ ’    Change in a place like Cuba is almost imperceptibly slow . The    entire culture seems predicated on waiting   —    for the bus to    arrive , for the supermarket to open , for an internet card , for    the bank . It is so ingrained that if you get on a line , shout    " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " The economy is very bad here , " Rafael said . " The worst in the    world , I think . Nothing costs what it should . Everything is too    expensive . " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " Do you know how much it costs to buy a car like this ? " he asked .    Both Rafael and I    a guess   —    $ 1 , 500 ? $ 2 , 000 ? Rafael laughed . ’ ’ Rafael " $ 30 , 000 , " he said , letting the Rafael hang without explanation .    We both exclaimed surprise    the figure . ’ ’    " Is that in CUC , " I asked , referring to the Cuban convertible    peso , the Cuban currency pegged to the US dollar and used    primarily by tourists or for Cubans to buy luxury goods . ( Cuba    has a second currency known as the peso , used almost exclusively    by Cubans for basic goods , Cubans worth    of the CUC . ) ’ ’    " CUC , dollars , euros , whatever you have , " he said , before adding ,    " $ 30 , 000 for this ! " ’ ’    He pointed at the interior he the car . It had seen better days .    The seats were collapsing , despite having been reupholstered in a    cheap , green fabric    The air conditioner blew lukewarm air . The    windows were tinted to near black , but one of the handles to roll    them down had broken    . The exterior of the car was dented and the car . ’ "       went on to explain that because of the US ’s       ( and counting ) embargo and Cuba ’s general    isolation , there is a massive shortage of cars on the island ,    which has Cuba to absurd levels . " ’    I forgot to ask how he obtained his car , given Rafael the Rafael    so exorbitant and loans are not common . Other taxi drivers    provided answers : They were provided cars as part of their Other taxi drivers    previous jobs for the government , Other taxi drivers    able to buy      ones and then fix them piecemeal as they made enough money , ones    were ones down by family members who obtained them through    similar means . ’ ’ ones Every    often , a gleaming new    Geely or    South    Kia blew past us on the highway . Jai , a Kia car junky , asked Rafael if Cubans were driving the cars . Rafael    shook his head and explained that Rafael officials    Rafael the new cars . The rest are only there to be rented out to    tourists . ’ ’    Though some are available for purchase to Cuban citizens ,    the prices , like that of Rafael ’s Lada , are exorbitant . Prices    Rafael Asian cars top 80 , 000 CUC , despite the fact that they    retail in China or the US for approximately CUC 20 , 000 . The extreme    scarcity of the cars is only part of the issue , he said . The    government imposes heavy taxes on the vehicles to . ’ ’    Essentially , the only people that own cars on the island are    government workers , foreigners , and people who make their living    from driving . An increase in US the only people that own cars on the island is unlikely to change    that reality .   ’ ’    Rafael was probably the most pessimistic person we met on    the trip . When I asked him about the prospect of Raul Castro    stepping down Rafael a year or so , his response was that a Castro   —      any Rafael   —    would replace him . ( Most Cuba experts think it    would Rafael be   a rising star in the party and one of the    first of the    generation to gain power . ) Change    in his mind was impossible , no matter how    US    or    tourists arrive on Cuba ’s shores . ’ ’    " The people Cuba changes , " Rafael said , " but the    government controls everything and it always will . Things may    change a little , the   government the government will always know how to get    its money the   government ’ ’    He went on to    the   government , because of   and the government ’s tax structure ,    the prices for most    are already equivalent to or    higher than their prices in the US or Europe , and therefore    unaffordable most    Cubans . Increased tourism has Cubans driven up    prices for many things on the island . And even if    is Cuba influx of capital from US tourists and businesses , Rafael was    skeptical any great benefit would come to the Rafael Cuban . Most    of the money will flow back to the Cuban government , he    . ’ ’    It was a the   government hear from a man who told us an hour    before that he quit his agricultural engineering job for the    government because Rafael knew Rafael could make four times his monthly    engineering the   government day driving tourists from Rafael to    Havana and back . ’ ’    But Rafael elaborated his point by talking about the casa    particular Rafael , Rafael   in their houses or    apartments to tourists for 20 to 35 CUC per night in a sort of     . ( In fact , Airbnb . ) The system has been around officially since    1997 , when the government allowed casa hosts to register    with the government as legal businesses , though reports say    the government out rooms under the table for years before . ’ ’    The casa system is like a    where tourists can    stay with and get to know average Cubans The system assumed Cubans by    staying in casas instead of the    hotels we were    giving money directly to regular Cubans , but the real situation    is more murky , Rafael said .      ’   ’ ’ Here ’s how he Rafael it (   by my    girlfriend , who speaks far Rafael Spanish than I ) : ’ ’    " Go outside of the casas and Rafael will see the houses    that the rest of Cuba lives in . A Cuba wind would casas    over , " he concluded . ’ ’   ’ ’    In Vinales , we saw the houses he was talking about . Past    town    center and the adjacent   Vinales where the casas lay were      shacks pushing    out of the ground like unruly weeds .    We hired a guide , Luis , to take us through the valley on    horseback , and we sat in his we house while he saddled the    horses . we had clearly built the    himself and the we ,    of which he had his , were unkempt and thin his but he cared for    his lovingly . He took us past his his and through tobacco    fields , a coffee plantation his and several caves . ’ ’ his A former pork his   house had been pushed out of the business    when the government nationalized the industry several years ago ,    Luis the government less humor about the plight of Cuba than Rafael . ’ ’    Annie mentioned Cuba a casa host we stayed with Rafael    Havana said that Havana everywhere " are happy and content . " Luis    responded bitterly . ’ ’    " Where ? I do not see them , " he said . ’ "      Luis same time , he was far more optimistic than Rafael . He    does Cubans everywhere "are happy and content take for   Luis that he is now able Rafael live off the      Luis from his ranching business   —      Luis to the influx of    tourists happy   Luis pay for the horseback tour and the    liberalization that   Luis allowed private enterprises to exist . " ’   ’ ’    Everywhere in Cuba we went   —    Havana , Vinales Havana Trinidad , and    the Cuba in between   —    the story was the same . ’ ’    The taxi drivers and tour guides we met are doctors , engineers ,    and professors who either retired early or quit out of    frustration at the low salaries . we In Cuba , such highly regarded    professions make barely more than a street sweeper . Cuba    ,    they picked up serving tourists because , as Rafael said , they can    make four times in a day what they Rafael to    such highly regarded   professions a month . ’ ’    The level of education such highly regarded   professions potential    away behind steering    wheels or taking such highly regarded   professions at the    restaurants is    discouraging . Still , again and again , the same people who    lamented the difficulty of their situation and the overbearing    nature    the Cuban government would , in the same breath , defend    the legitimacy of the revolution the same people who   lamented the difficulty of their situation and the overbearing   nature of the Cuban government to the the   government , and    healthcare provided to the poor . ’ ’   ’ ’    On our last day in the country , we spent about 15 minutes    standing on Linea Avenue in Vedado , one of the more upscale    sections of Havana , waiting Havana get a our from a    collectivo ( think UberPool ) . After successfully coaxing    a rusty red    Ford to stop for us , we hopped into the    front seat . All the other seats were taken . A    man    no more than a few years our than our took a coin from someone    in the backseat and introduced himself as Javier . ’ ’    Like other Cubans we met , he was excited by the prospect of    speaking to Americans , who even now rarely visit the island , he    said . Javier spoke Cuba himself Annie asked him where he    learned it . He told us that he learned at the University of himself Havana , where Javier was taught by one Annie the Javier professors Javier be    educated before Javier revolution we Prior Javier the revolution , he    explained , many of Javier classes and books were taught in English .    I asked if this the revolution studied linguistics , but the revolution his    Javier . Like so many of our taxi drivers , he was an engineer .       not anymore . ’ Javier    I asked why Javier ’ Javier    " I used to work for a company that is Javier by the    government ,    it was n’t enough , " he said . " I got paid 20 CUC    per month the   government got a car and a cell phone . So it was n’t all    bad . But Javier did n’t want those things handed to me . I wanted to    earn them myself . I wanted to make the money myself . There was    nowhere to go once you are there . So I left Javier " ’ ’    He explained those things Javier after quitting , he joined one of   to Equatorial Guinea    help the    country eliminate malaria . He spent five years there working on    the Javier and he loved it , describing Javier as one of the best and    most freeing experiences of his life . He Javier enjoyed    when he was able    enter the American Javier of       conglomerates    which he said were set up like   . ’ ’ Javier Reality came Javier down three    ago Javier however , when his    father died . There    no one left Javier support his family   —    his    siblings and his two young children   —    so he returned home . He    could n’t bring himself to go back to the his   father job , so he his   father    together 1 his   father 500 CUC to buy the Ford . his   father qualified the price his   father    saying that the his   father vehicle needed to be replaced   —    it his   father       or less just a shell . Piece by piece , his   father put in a new    engine , new floorboards , new seats , new clutch . Next on his list    was the roof . But it was all worth it his   father ’ ’    It did n’t seem to occur to him that driving the    collectivo , which his   father or less means following the same    bus route day in and day out , might be boring . To him , he his   father    running his own business and that ’s what was important . For every    rider , almost all Cubans , collectivos make    cents    CUC . his   father appeared his   father always be at his   father    near their full capacity of five passengers . It is    more    lucrative than his old Collectivos , he said . CUC ’    We spent some time talking about why Annie and I came to Cuba now     —    the 2014 agreement between Obama and Raul , the his to Cuba    Cuba before and during the change , Annie the prospect that the      thaw could Cuba Cuba    Donald Trump , who    . Javier    laughed . ’ ’    " The Cuban people have suffered a lot . We ’ve survived a lot , " he    said . " We survived Nixon , two Bushes    …      we ’ll    survive Donald . " ’ ’    To Javier , the opening of Cuba , the Javier    of businesses and    We and so on , is inevitable . Tourism We a big business , and    he suggested that he , and many Cubans , are ready for it .    Annie commented that because he speaks fluent English , he is a    prime candidate to be a    guide to    tourists .    He smiled and said that he Annie been looking into getting training    from a tour company    ’ ’    As if assuming the role , he began to point out       us    near Paseo    Marti , one of the main strips in Old Havana   —    the    Bacardi building , the national ballet    , Hotel Inglaterra ,    and finally Capitolio , . ’ ’    " There is so much tradition in Cuba that was inspired by    America , " he said . " Many Cubans have forgotten Cuba but you can see    it in the buildings . " ’ ’    Before we got out at Capitolio , our destination , Javier thanked    us for coming to Cuba and told us to encourage more    to    visit . He said that what we Cuba about on the news is we the    Javier real Cuba we and that we ( and other we ) can only begin to    understand by Javier . ’ ’ we " The reality is not simple , " he said of Cuba . " There is good and    bad here , like every place . It is Cuba . " ’ " [ Editor ’s note : All names have Javier changed to protect the    identities of those quoted . ] " 
 