’   ’ "    President Donald Trump   that removed the    nation ’s top military and intelligence advisers as regular    attendees of the National Security Council ’s Principals    Committee , the interagency forum that deals with policy issues    affecting national security . " ’    The executive measure established Trump’ ’s chief strategist Steve    Bannon as a regular attendee , whereas the chairman of the Joint    Chiefs of Staff and the Director of National Intelligence will be    allowed to participate only " where issues pertaining to the Joint   Chiefs of Staff and the Director of National Intelligence    responsibilities and expertise are to be discussed . " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    John Bellinger , an adjunct senior fellow in International and    National Security Law at the Council on Foreign Relations and    former l ,   that the change    is   ’ ’    " In the Bush administration , Karl Rove would not attend NSC    meetings , " Bellinger said . " former Chief    of Staff Josh Bolten ’ ’    With " former Chief   of Staff Josh Bolten permanent seat at the NSC    meetings , " former Chief   of Staff Josh Bolten has been    elevated above the director of the CIA , Mike Pompeo , who was not    offered an open invitation . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    CNN national security correspondent Jim Sciutto noted on Sunday    that the move was " certainly unprecedented . " ’ ’    " You’’re putting in someone who is not Senate confirmed and taking    out   who need to be Senate confirmed , " Sciutto    told CNN’ ’s Jake Tapper . " It raises questions about whose voices    will be most prominent about key    decisions in    the country . " ’ ’    Former Secretary of Defense Bob Gates   that sidelining the DNI and the    Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff was " a big mistake . " ’ ’    " Adding people to the NSC never really bothers me , " Bob Gates   said ,    referring to Bannon’ ’s new role on the committee . " My biggest    concern is that , under law , there are only two statutory advisers    to the National Security Council   —    the DNI , and the Chairman of    the Joint Chiefs of Staff . " ’ ’    " Pushing them out , " Gates said , is " a big mistake . them both    bring perspective , judgment , and experience to bear that every    president   —    whether them like it or not   —    finds useful . " ’ ’   ’ "    Jared Kushner is Trump ’s     and senior adviser . Priebus    is Trump’s chief of staff . " ’    " Bannon has been working on the    strategic vision that    will shape the Trump administration ’s overall foreign policy    approach , " Rogin   He Bannon is committed    to working on the buildup of the military and is also interested       connecting the Trump apparatus to leaders of populist    movements around the world , especially in Europe . " ’ ’    Prior to joining the Trump Trump , Bannon was the    —    a website known for    its    ,    positions on issues such    as immigration and trade . A week into his Bannon , Trump Trump    already prioritized a number of agenda items that reflect    Bannon’ ’s own nationalist views , including a border wall and a    crackdown on immigration and refugee admissions . He Bannon   Bannon’ ’s " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    They He also  Bannon’’s " ’ ’  ’ ’  ’ ’  ’ ’    be " fighting for influence in a team of strong    personalities who are busily carving up issues , making plans and    nurturing already close relationships " with Trump , Rogin wrote ,       to Bannon , Kushner , and Priebus . ’ ’    The secretary of energy and director of the Office of Management    and Budget   from the committee’ ’s list of " regular members , "    and the deputy secretary of state will no longer be invited to       committee meeting . The chair of the Council of Economic    Advisers will not be invited even " when issues to be discussed       to their    and expertise . " ’ ’    Trump already seems to be marginalizing the influence of career    officials with extensive federal experience at the Department of    Homeland Security ( DHS ) the State Department , the Department of    Defense ( DoD ) and the Justice Department . ’ ’    On Saturday , former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani told Fox    that he former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani draft Trump’ ’s " extreme vetting " executive order    after Trump called him former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani asked   Officials told CNN that    the "extreme vetting" executive order    a unilateral move . ’ ’   ’ ’    After seeing the order "extreme vetting" executive order    DHS interpreted it to mean the DHS green    card holders from the banned countries   —    who have already been    subjected to intense vetting   —    would be allowed to reenter the US    from trips abroad . But that interpretation was overruled by the    White House , which later said that green card holders would be    allowed in only on a "   " basis . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    As a result , the order was imprecise and open to interpretation   —      and legal challenges . ’ ’   ’ ’    " The president has created a    environment for    litigation " with the order , Wittes . ’ ’    Lawyers and    organizations were already challenging    the constitutionality of the ban hours after it was signed       arguing that    ban violates the Establishment Clause of the    First Amendment by " explicitly disapproving of one religion and    implicitly preferring others . " ’ ’    Lawyers representing two Iraqi refugees who were detained at John    F. Kennedy airport in New York   to the order , and a federal judge in    Brooklyn issued   Saturday evening to stay the continued    deportation of travelers . ’ ’    The ruling , a temporary emergency stay , now allows those who    landed in the US and hold a valid visa to remain .   ’ 
 