"    Fox News host Shepard Smith said on Friday afternoon that the    network ’s news division was unable to confirm a report from an    analyst who said earlier this week President Barack Obama sought    help from British intelligence to spy on    Donald    Trump . " ’    " Fox News can not confirm Judge [ Andrew ] Napolitano’ ’s commentary , "    Smith said . " Fox News knows of no evidence of any kind that the      of the United States was surveilled at any time , in    any way . Full stop . " ’ ’ ’ ’Video of Fox Fox News it has Fox News no evidence " of Trump’ ’s claim    > ’ ’    Napolitano , appearing on " Fox & Friends " Tuesday , said " three    intelligence sources have informed Fox News Fox News Obama    went outside the chain of command " and requested the UK’ ’s    Government Communication Headquarters track Trump . ’ ’    " They have    access to the NSA database , " Napolitano said on    Tuesday .    So by simply having two people go to them saying , two people ‘ President    needs transcripts of conversations involving    candidate Trump    conversations involving    Trump,’    he ’s able President Obama get it , and there ’s no American fingerprints on    this .    ’ "    Under pressure , Fox News responded through Smith ’s commentary . A    spokesperson said the matter would also be addressed on shows    later in the evening .   " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’t . : Three intel sources have disclosed that Pres . Obama turned to British spies to get surveillance on Trump   ’ ’    Citing flimsy reports from    sources , Trump claimed    Trump   this    that Obama wiretapped him Obama a claim that has    been flatly rejected by officials throughout the US government . ’ ’    The leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee   that they saw no The leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee  that they saw no indication       Trump Tower was subject of surveillance " by any element of the    United the US government Election Day 2016 . " ’ ’    Trump , who still has no evidence to support his sensational    claim , has yet to issue an apology or retraction . ’ ’Fox News host Shepard Smith said on Friday . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 