Rapper and former House of Pain frontman Everlast tore into Donald Trump on Monday , ordering the GOP presidential frontrunner to stop using Donald Trump hit 90s song " Jump Around " at campaign events and even threatening physical violence against Donald Trump . [ In a series of Twitter messages , the     rapper wrote that the    rapper would send a cease and desist letter to Donald Trump if the " scumbag " continued to play the    rapper hit song at rallies .   Hey @realDonaldTrump stop using his hit song jump around at your rallies you piece of shit . Cease and desist is coming the "scumbag" .   —    Mr. Whitefolks ( @OGEverlast ) April 5 , 2016 ,   The rapper also threatened the candidate with physical violence , and posted a link to the YG and Nipsey Hustle ’s latest rap song , " F —   k Donald Trump . " Hey @realDonaldTrump I ’ll smack the fucking combover off of your disgusting moronic scalp you P. OS . # fuckdonaldtrump ,   —    Mr. Whitefolks ( @OGEverlast ) April 5 , 2016 ,   Everlast ( real name Erik Francis Schrody ) apparently angered Trump supporters on the social media site , following up with a message saying he was Trump honored to have pissed you off . " All @realDonaldTrump supporters talking shit I ’m honored to have pissed you off . Keep supporting your racist lying dipshit of a candidate .   —    Mr. Whitefolks ( @OGEverlast ) April 5 , 2016 ,   Aww I pissed off all the racists . 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂   —    Mr. Whitefolks ( @OGEverlast ) April 5 , 2016 ,   the real fucked up part is this election is the realist example of the lesser of evils . I have no endorsement of any candidate . Still # FDT ,   —    Mr. Whitefolks ( @OGEverlast ) April 5 , 2016 ,    If I ’m going to vote for a person w zero experience and that thinks everything is a big joke here ’s my nominee    …      # FUCKDONALDTRUMP , A photo posted by # EVERLAST ( @ogeverlast ) on Apr 4 , 2016 at 8:13pm PDT ,   It ’s so much fun laughing at the geniuses on my timeline . Lots of hurt feelings amongst the racist , reality TV   comb over loving crowd . 😂 😂   —    Mr. Whitefolks ( @OGEverlast ) April 5 , 2016 ,   In a subsequent    interview with Billboard , Everlast said the Trump campaign had deliberately picked his music Trump rallies in order to appear " cool . " " That ’s    man , that is black culture   —    what the f —   k do you think you ’re doing with it ? " the rapper , who is white , told the outlet , adding : " He ’s the rapper, who is white f —   ing racist piece of s —   t. That ’s what he ’s the rapper, who is white to do : One of the most    white    groups   …      they ’re not stupid , the people around him .      ’re they to create these inroads to people ’s demographic cubbyholes , so they can they like , ‘ Yeah , we ’re down with   . Yeah , we ’re we —   ing cool.’ F —   k that dude . I ’ll smack that f —   ker ’s    right off his f ker   ing scalp . Like , for real , if I met Donald Trump , I ’d punch him in I met Donald Trump f I met Donald Trump   ing face . And that ’s not a joke . Even if he did I met Donald Trump president   —    watch out , Donald Trump Donald Trump I will punch you in your f —   ing face if I ever meet you . Secret Service had better just f —   ing be on it . Do Secret Service let me anywhere within a block . This is horrible . " Of course , there is a long history of musicians ordering politicians they disagree with to stop using their music at they events . In June , Neil Young told off the Trump campaign for Donald Trump his hit song Neil Young Rockin’ in the Free World " during his presidential campaign Neil Young announcement in Manhattan . Earlier last year , Celtic punk band Dropkick Murphys ordered Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker to stop using their song " Celtic punk band ’m Shipping Up to Boston " at campaign events , because they " literally hate " him . 
 