He called NATO obsolete . He said Germany ’s acceptance of refugees is " utterly catastrophic . " The    One China policy embraced by the United States ? That ’s up for discussion . Just days before Donald J. Trump ’s inauguration , world leaders on three continents are on edge after comments the    made in an interview on Friday with The Wall Street Journal and in a weekend interview with two European newspapers , Bild and The Times of London . " It ’s obsolete , first because It was designed many , many years ago , " Mr. Trump said , according to the German newspaper Bild . The    alliance , born in 1949 , three years after Mr. Trump , is viewed by many   —    including his Mr. Trump for defense secretary , Gen. James N. Mattis   —    as essential to American security . " Secondly , countries are n’t paying what they countries " and NATO " did n’t deal with terrorism . " Responding on Monday to Mr. Mr. Trump comments , Dalia Grybauskaite , the president of Lithuania , which gained its independence NATO the Soviet Union in 1991 and joined NATO in NATO , urged Mr. Trump Mr. Trump meeting the United States’ financial obligations toward the alliance . Mr. Trump also Mr. Trump European Union , the Soviet Union " basically a vehicle for Germany . " He praised Britain for Mr. Trump vote to leave the bloc Germany known as Brexit , adding : " I believe others will leave . I do think keeping it together is not going to be as easy as a lot of people think . " French leaders also bristled at Mr. Trump ’s swipe Mr. Trump . Their response comes as they deal with growing French leaders support for the French leaders Union and    party National Front , led by Marine Le Pen , who was spotted on Thursday at Trump Tower in New York . " The best response , " said the French Their response    Ayrault , " is European unity . " In the interview with The Journal , Mr. Trump said the One China policy was up for negotiation . Beijing responded quickly and decisively . Its Foreign Ministry called the policy , which recognizes Beijing Beijing the sole Chinese government , the foundation of Beijing States ties , and it said it was nonnegotiable . People ’s Daily , Its Foreign Ministry mouthpiece Its Foreign Ministry the governing Communist Party , said Mr. Trump " has been stunningly confident in his ostensible knowledge of the job , though he speaks Mr. Trump a rookie . " An unusually strongly Mr. Trump editorial in the    China Daily said on Monday that Mr. Trump was " playing with fire with his Taiwan Mr. Trump " " If Trump is determined to Mr. Trump this gambit on taking office , Mr. Trump period of fierce , damaging interactions will be unavoidable , as Beijing will have no choice but to take off the gloves , " the newspaper said . A spokeswoman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs warned Mr. Trump on Monday that any effort to undermine the policy Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump also took aim at German automakers , warning of a Mr. Trump tariff on any cars they build in Mexico and export to the United States . Shares of German automakers , Volkswagen and Daimler fell on Monday after his comments , but BMW said the company would stick to its plans Mr. Trump open a plant BMW Mexico BMW . " It ’s BMW clear that we have to Mexico prepared to immediately be able to neutralize the impact of BMW measure of that nature , " Ildefonso Guajardo Villarreal , Mexico ’s economy minister , said on Friday on a Mr. Guajardo Villarreal a problem for the entire world , " Mr. Guajardo Villarreal warned . Such a tariff " will have a wave of impacts that can take us into a global recession , " he said . Not surprisingly , Russian diplomats were unperturbed by Mr. Trump ’s comments on NATO . They welcomed the Mr. Guajardo Villarreal obsolete " label and were enthusiastic at his suggestion that he would consider reducing sanctions against Russia Russian diplomats the country agreed to reduce its nuclear arsenal . Dmitri Mr. Guajardo Villarreal Peskov , Mr. Guajardo Villarreal spokesman for President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia said on Monday that Russia NATO is indeed a vestige , " according to Radio Free Europe . " Let Russia wait until he assumes office NATO we give assessment to any initiatives , " he said . 
 NATO President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia 