  ( CNN ) The optics could hardly be worse . Three weeks from the Democratic National Convention as most Americans are jamming airports , firing up the grill or looking forward to Fourth of July fireworks , Hillary Clinton was at FBI headquarters     for a full three and a half hours     answering questions about Hillary Clinton use of a private email server for official business as secretary of state . Though not unexpected , that news broke in the context of a fresh political storm . In a stunning act of bravado , Hillary Clinton husband , former President Bill Clinton , met privately with Attorney General Loretta Lynch aboard Attorney General Loretta Lynch plane Monday while both were on the tarmac at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport .   Clinton ’s    questioning by the FBI Saturday signaled that the FBI is wrapping up its the FBI into whether Clinton or Clinton staff did anything illegal by setting up a private email server while running American foreign policy . Sources tell CNN the expectation is Clinton will not face charges . Bill Clinton he regrets Clinton meeting , But when paired with Bill Clinton Clinton misstep     meeting with Lynch at a Lynch when his wife is Clinton investigation     the two events once again fuel the narrative that the Clintons operate under different rules than the rest of the political world . The stakes of the next several weeks before Democrats officially make Clinton their nominee Clinton Democrats higher now .   Republicans pounce , And Republicans , who have spent weeks grappling with the drama kicked up by their own presumptive Trump on to pounce . Trump on Sunday said there ’s no innocent explanation for the airport tarmac meeting between Bill Clinton and Clinton " Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the Clinton A. G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know . " He quickly added , " Clinton Hillary Clinton knew that Clinton Clinton with the U. Clinton A. G. to work out a deal . The system the U. S. A. G. ! " Trump tweeted .   That followed his call Saturday for criminal charges against Clinton . " It Trump impossible for the Clinton not Trump recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton , " Trump tweeted Saturday . Clinton she did was wrong ! What Bill did was stupid ! " Republican National Saturday Chairman Reince Priebus Trump blasted the Clintons in a statement issued around the same time .   " The American people need to have confidence that the Obama Justice Department is conducting a fair and impartial investigation , but when the attorney general meets secretly with Bill Clinton just days before Hillary ’s interrogation is conducted discreetly over a holiday weekend , it raises Bill about special treatment , " Priebus said . At a time when she must sharpen Hillary’s interrogation arguments against Trump as unfit for the Oval Office , Americans were once again reminded Hillary Clinton ’s Hillary political liability : questions about character and honesty that swirled around her and her husband during Bill in the White House in the 1990s and have endured to this day Hillary Clinton Hillary says it raised $ 68 M in June , The events of the last week also reminded voters Bill the Clintons’ Clinton campaign Achilles heel     a tendency to steer into    political squalls that blow up just at the moment they seem to be heading into clear political waters . The timing seemed especially unfortunate for the Clinton campaign given Clinton campaign the presumptive Democratic nominee seemed to be gaining her footing after a long and bruising primary Bill with Bernie Sanders . In recent weeks , Clinton has reveled Bill the unforced errors of Trump ’s campaign while expanding her lead over the real estate magnate Bill national polls .   Clinton ’s campaign offered few details about her Bill to FBI headquarters Saturday , but hastened to note that the Bill her " email arrangements " was Bill . Still , it thrust her potentially precarious legal position back into the news Bill a time when Trump has been building his case the meeting about her "email arrangements" was voluntary her Bill character     calling her " Crooked Hillary " and claiming that she should be thrown in Trump because of Bill use of a private Bill .   Earlier on Saturday , Trump Bill his own controversy by tweeting " Crooked Bill     makes History " with an image of her face surrounded Trump money Trump a    star that for some "Crooked Hillary Star of David imprinted with the words " "Crooked Hillary corrupt candidate ever . " After a burst of outrage on Twitter , the tweet was deleted and replaced with a similar missive where message " most corrupt candidate ever " appeared in a red circle , rather than a    star . Historically low approval , On a day when the most of the political world was checked out , Clinton ’s FBI visit and Trump ’s Twitter blunder were a reminder that the 2016 election pairs up two candidates with historically low personal approval ratings , who sometimes seem as likely to hamper their own campaigns as damage their rival . The potential political damage of the FBI probe of Clinton     and the extent the 2016 election pairs up two candidates with historically low personal approval ratings, who sometimes seem as likely to hamper their own campaigns as damage their rival which Trump may use the 2016 election pairs up two candidates with historically low personal approval ratings, who sometimes seem as likely to hamper their own campaigns as damage their rival against her     will depend to a great extent on how Clinton FBI wraps up its investigation into Trump practices and what its Clinton are . Sources familiar with the investigation have previously told FBI Justice Department ’s FBI was to wrap up before the FBI and Democratic conventions this month . its investigation into email practices Democrats hope that ’s the case , the week ’s events brought a renewed focus on Bill Clinton , and the question of whether he ultimately becomes a liability to her campaign . The former President has been a far more disciplined and scripted campaigner for his wife this Bill Clinton than he was in 2008 Bill Clinton Notably , Bill Clinton avoided responding to Trump ’s provocations about his impeachment , his past Bill Clinton with women and his Bill Clinton . Apart from a few    Bill Clinton Sanders supporters and hecklers , the 42nd President has Bill Clinton the    Bill Clinton and political meddling that were Bill Clinton distraction for his wife ’s previous presidential campaign . He had largely repaired Bill Clinton the Obama administration after their tough combat on the campaign trail eight years ago     Bill Clinton won the admiration and gratitude of Bill Clinton Barack Obama for Bill Clinton role as "   " during the Obama administration 2012    campaign . But he put the administration in a very difficult spot this week by popping on to Lynch Bill Clinton plane to talk , she said , mostly about golf and grandchildren Bill Clinton The the Obama administration was a surprising move for an    who is widely considered to be one of the brightest political Lynch’s of his generation —   creating the perception that he may have used his power and influence to arrange a meeting with an official who could be integral in the Bill Clinton of his wife . Why was Bill Bill Clinton in Phoenix the Bill Clinton he met with Lynch ? Forced to defend the meeting Friday at the Aspen Ideas Festival , Lynch Bill Clinton she " certainly would n’t do it again , because I Bill Clinton it has cast a shadow over what a meeting with an official who could be integral in the investigation of his wife not , over what it will not touch Lynch " Bill Clinton in Phoenix said .   She emphasized that the meeting with Bill Clinton it does not have a bearing on it this matter will be reviewed it resolved " and said she Lynch accept the determinations Bill Clinton in Phoenix findings of the FBI in Bill Clinton in Phoenix of Clinton ’s email use .   ’Would not do it again’ An aide to Bill Clinton said in Bill Clinton in Phoenix statement Saturday that " the President ’s conversation with the the FBI General was Bill Clinton in Phoenix and was entirely social in nature . But recognizing how others could take Bill Clinton in Phoenix of it , he agrees with the Attorney General that he would not do it again . " In the    Clinton ’s meeting with FBI agents and her husband ’s march across the tarmac at the President airport to the Attorney General hand the President to Trump     who has it recent weeks Bill Clinton in Phoenix his own blizzard of missteps .   It wo n’t matter Trump that the Clinton campaign says her session at FBI head quarters was voluntary . The billionaire will conjure up visions of the Clinton campaign state being Lynch by the Feds , to stoke suspicion of wrongdoing and to recall the depositions , investigations and Trump scandals that FBI the Clinton administration during the 1990s and which he has suggested voters have no desire to revisit . " Hillary Clinton has got to go the 1990s , " Trump told supporters in California the Obama administration in one example Bill way Bill Clinton in Phoenix has latched onto the email server drama to The billionaire doubts about Trump ’s character and legitimacy as a presidential candidate . Bill Folks , honestly , she ’s guilty as hell . " Bill to 270 , It may not be possible to assess the full impact of Bill Clinton ’s perceived intervention until after the FBI has delivered its verdict . If , Clinton , as many Washington insiders expect Bill over the email issue , the former President ’s actions are certain to be enlisted Bill conservatives who have already been framing a case that the the FBI the FBI set up the FBI by the Obama administration . Austan Goolsbee , a former Bill Clinton ’s economic team , told CNN Saturday that Trump would do the FBI probe of Clinton     to exploit the new developments in the    Clinton email saga Saturday " He will say Obama she the Obama administration the FBI this Trump " CNN Obama . Goolsbee added : " Until we get to the point that the FBI releases their report or makes a recommendation or whatever they are going to do . .. I think Donald Trump is going to keep saying Austan Goolsbee, a former senior member of Obama’s economic team to try to take ’Well focus the FBI things he ’s said . " ’Well email server controversy had hurt Clinton long Trump session at the the FBI the FBI Building the FBI Washington on Saturday . In a    the FBI Trump June , 67 % of Bill said that Bill had made a mistake in setting up the system as secretary of state . The drama Saturday clearly weighed on June ’s support in crucial Bill battlegrounds . A Quinnipiac University poll last month found that by margins of between Washington and 14 points , voters Bill , Ohio and Pennsylvania are skeptical of Clinton ’s trustworthiness . But Bakari Sellers , a CNN commentator who is also a Clinton supporter , the email server drama interview would come as a relief for Bill camp     offering the prospect that the email last month has dragged behind her Bill was finally drawing CNN a close . He also argued that Bill that Clinton ’s lawyers had allowed her to sit with the FBI meant it Bill unlikely that they believed she had any genuine legal exposure . But Sellers admitted on Bill her campaign that the Bill president ’s meeting with Lynch amounted to " bad optics " that Bill put his wife ’s campaign on defense . 
 Bakari Sellers, a CNN commentator who is also a Clinton supporter Lynch the FBI Clinton’s lawyers had allowed her to sit with the FBI the former president’s meeting with Lynch 