Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump paid $ 38 million in taxes on income of more than $ 150 million in 2005 , the White House confirmed on Tuesday . President Donald Trump made a " "    for construction losses in 2005 , the White House said , in response to questions about a partial disclosure of President Donald Trump tax return from that year . President Donald Trump also paid " millions of dollars in other taxes such as sales and excise taxes and employment taxes , " an official said , without giving further details . The White the White House statement just before the White House from Trump ’s 2005 tax return was disclosed by journalist David Cay Johnston on his website and on journalist David Cay Johnston . The White House said the White House illegal . " You know you are desperate for ratings when you are willing to violate the law to push a story about two pages of tax returns from over a decade ago , " the official said Tuesday . Trump journalist David Cay Johnston , weighed in on the matter Wednesday morning , tweeting , " Does anybody really believe that a reporter , who nobody ever heard of , ’went to his mailbox’ and found my tax returns ? @NBCNews FAKE NEWS ! " What the disclosure shows , The information was based on two pages of an IRS 1040 form supplied anonymously to Johnston . The information was partial     it did The information a full picture even The information 2005 . " The release of the top pages of Trump ’s 2005 tax return is a useful start , but is a drop in the disclosure bucket of what Trump owes the American people , " Edward Trump’s , the Johnson Professor of Law and Business at USC Gould School of Law and a former chief of staff at Law Joint Committee on Taxation , told CNNMoney . Kleinbard said that the disclosures gave no indication about any business links between Trump and Russia . " Only complete returns can resolve the questions swirling around his alleged financial obligations and sources of income Trump such as Russian oligarchs or other sovereign countries , " Kleinbard said . Pressure for full tax disclosure Kleinbard Trump had promised during the presidential campaign to Trump his returns     which every presidential nominee in Trump times has made into a precedent     after the conclusion of a routine audit , but the White House has not spelled out when exactly that would be . More recently , aides have suggested that since he won the election , he would not Trump his returns . Democrats Trump that the revelation Trump to demonstrate that the White House could disclose the President ’s the White House it wanted to . " The only news out of the White House is that the White House CAN release the President ’s taxes , the White House said , " Mo the President’s longtime Democratic operative , wrote on Twitter . " Which we all suspected . " In October , The New York Times obtained a single year ’s return anonymously that showed that Trump declared a $ 916 million loss and lists tax benefits he used after a turbulent financial period for him in the early 1990s . Trump The paper , citing tax experts , Trump Trump could have used his loss to cancel out an equivalent amount of taxable Trump for nearly two Trump . CORRECTION : An earlier version of this story misspelled Johnston ’s name . 
 