Donald Trump supporters walked out of a delegate election in Georgia Saturday to protest a vote that robbed Trump of all of Donald Trump slated delegates from a district that Donald Trump won in the primary . [ A    alliance at the district convention in Buford , Georgia helped to knock Trump of supporters out of the district ’s national delegation altogether . Trump supporters implied that Trump of ’s people would " embarrass " the district at the convention in Cleveland . Then things got heated .   " This morning , I attended Georgia 7th Congressional District GOP convention as a delegate and a Trump of supporter . We were there to elect the 3 delegates and 3 alternates to the national convention , " Ronnie Kurtz told Breitbart News . " Per the primary results , two slots were for Trump Trump of and one was for Rubio . Ted Cruz finished third in the primary and had no delegates allotted to him   Ted Cruz     Nonetheless , the hall was stacked with Cruz delegates Ted Cruz " On the first ballot , the party voted on a delegate slate that would have taken away one of Trump Trump of delegates but would have , at least , still given him one Ted Cruz . That bloc would have given Trump Trump of Debbie Dooley one of the slots and a Cruz supporter Ted Cruz Carolyn Fisher another slot , with a Rubio slot going to local party convention chairman BJ Van Gundy . But Cruz supporters Ted Cruz down that slate . So on the next ballot it came time to replace one or all of those delegates with new people . The Cruz Cruz supporters knock out Dooley , the one Trump supporter . Kurtz described what happened : When it came time for nominations from the floor , the Cruz bloc Ted Cruz which I believe had the numbers to install whoever they wanted , did Cruz supporters challenge the Rubio delegate . Only the true Trump supporter , Debbie Trump , was challenged . Two Cruz supporters Ted Cruz in favor of their alternative delegate , Two Cruz supporters Mr. David Hancock , on the premise that he had ‘ been in the party from the beginning’ and ‘ would n’t embarrass us at the convention.’ The convention was given no time to ask questions of the candidates on the basis that ‘ the nominating committee has already interviewed them for you’ . the candidates Cruz people succeeded in voting in their delegate over Trump The Cruz people Debbie Dooley . " There was an immediate uproar in the hall , and all the Trump delegates walked out Trump protest . The Trump County campaign manager had conveniently brought the American flag on display in the hall and took the hall him after this the American flag of The Trump County campaign manager , " Kurtz said . " So The Trump County campaign manager after a hard fought campaign in which Trump won the primary Trump district 7 fair and square , no one who supports him will be representing the The Trump County campaign manager in his slots at the national The Trump County campaign manager , " Kurtz added . This video The Trump County campaign manager by Breitbart News shows the process that led to the Trump supporters’ defeat : 
 