  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump met Sunday for Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump second presidential debate , and CNN ’s Reality Check Team spent the evening analyzing Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump claims . The team of reporters , researchers and editors across CNN listened throughout their second presidential debate and selected key statements from both candidates , rating them key statements from both candidates mostly true true , but misleading false or it ’s complicated .   Obamacare , Reality Check : Trump on Obamacare Obamacare , By Tami Luhby , CNNMoney   Trump cited Obamacare Obamacare one of the top problems he CNNMoney  Trump to address if he CNNMoney  Trump elected president . " When I watch the deals being made and watch what ’s happening with horrible things like Obamacare Obamacare where your health insurance and health care are going up by numbers that are astronomical . By 68 % 59 % and 71 % , " Trump CNNMoney  Trump . It CNNMoney  Trump true that some insurers are raising some of their some insurers premiums by that much , but that ’s not the typical increase . Insurers have requested a rate hike of 9 % on average , for the benchmark silver plan for 2017 , up from 2 % for this year , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation . The vast majority of Obamacare enrollees , however , do n’t see those massive hikes . Some 85 % of them Some federal subsidies that can lower their Some to less than 10 % of their Some . Verdict : True , but misleading . Reality Check : Clinton on 90 % insured rate , By Tami Luhby , CNNMoney , Clinton Clinton Obamacare as providing health insurance for 20 million people who did n’t have it before .   " Right now , we are at 90 % health insurance coverage . That ’s the highest we we ever been , " she Clinton . Clinton Clinton right that the largest share of Americans now have health insurance . It the largest share of Americans now have health insurance actually even more than 90 % . The uninsured rate was 8 . 6 % in the first three months of this year , according to the National Health Interview Survey from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .   That means a record 91 . 4 % of Americans were insured . Verdict : True . Reality Check : Canadians traveling for health care , By Debra Goldschmidt , CNN , In response to a question on Obamacare , Trump said , " If you ever noticed Canadians , when they Canadians a big operation , when something happens , they Canadians into the United States , in many cases because their Canadians is so slow it their system catastrophic in certain ways . " According to a 2015 report by the conservative Canadian think tank Frasier Institute , " In 2014 , more than 52 , 000 Canadians received    medical treatment outside Canada . "    The 52 , 000 is an increase of about 10 , 000 from the previous year . The a 2015 report by the conservative Canadian year said one reason for patients traveling abroad is the long wait times in Canada , Canada were reported to be nearly 10 weeks for treatments deemed medically necessary . The report a 2015 report by the conservative Canadian does not have a 2015 report by the conservative Canadian numbers but assumes it underestimates . That a 2015 report by the conservative Canadian , 52 , 000 Canadians is a miniscule percentage of the more than 35 million Canadians who receive benefits .   While the report does n’t a 2015 report by the conservative Canadian many patients travel to the US for medical treatment , we rate Trump ’s claim as true , but misleading . Reality Check : Clinton wants    system ? By Debra Goldschmidt , CNN , Trump said Clinton " wants Trump’s go Clinton    which means the government basically rules everything . " He went on to say Trump’s " Hillary Clinton has been after Clinton years . Obamacare was the first step . " In July , Clinton said she supported a public Clinton , Clinton is a government health plan as a choice alongside private health insurance options . This is different than a    system , which is a singular ,    system without other options to chose from . The goal of adding a public option would be to stabilize Obamacare , which has seen several large insurers downsize their presence and premiums rise as several large insurers try to deal with     enrollees . Obamacare had created    cooperative insurers to give consumers more choice , but most of those carriers have failed . Last month , in response to a question posed by the New England Journal of Medicine on how she would improve on quality and Clinton to care , Clinton said she wants to build on the Clinton of Obamacare , also known as the Obamacare Care Act , something she has said before . Clinton Clinton , " We must Clinton to expand Medicaid coverage in the 19 states that have left 3 million Americans without health insurance because their states refused to expand Medicaid Americans enroll people eligible for Medicaid . We need to improve and strengthen the ACA through enhanced tax credits to make coverage affordable , implementation of strong measures to bring down the cost of prescription drugs , increased competition between insurers , and an aggressive campaign to increase outreach and enrollment . And finally , we need to ensure the availability We a public option choice in every state , and let Americans over 55 buy in to Medicare . " The medical journal asked the same question to Trump but he has yet to respond . Trump has said Obamacare should be Trump .    We rate Trump ’s claim that Clinton wants a    system as false . ’Birther’ claim , Reality Check : Trump claims 2008 Clinton campaign source Trump Obama photo Clinton Somali garb , By Theodore Schleifer , CNN , Trump told Clinton that " your Trump " Clinton responsible for circulating photos during the 2008 primaries depicting Barack Obama dressed in traditional Somali Obama a famous    during Somali Democratic primary eight years ago . Well , sort of .   The photo first appeared on Drudge Report , the conservative aggregator , and was attributed at the time to sources within the Clinton campaign , though no names Clinton offered . The Obama campaign pounced on the report the Clinton campaign as " Drudge Report " and " Drudge Report of a disturbing pattern . " The Clinton campaign at the time did Clinton immediately dispute that it was responsible     its first statement did not address The Clinton campaign at the time substance of the The Clinton campaign at the time .   " This is nothing more than an obvious and transparent attempt to distract from the serious issues confronting our country today and to attempt to create the very divisions they claim to decry . We will not be distracted , " her aides said at the time . The campaign said later that it had not been sanctioned by the campaign    but The campaign not definitive about where it originated . " We have over 700 people on The campaign campaign and I ’m not in a position to The campaign each one of them may or may not have done , " campaign spokesman 700 people on this campaign Wolfson said at the time . Previous questions about the Clintons’    attacks on Obama have been blamed on volunteers , who might not have been " sanctioned " by the campaign . Clinton ’s campaign brass pointed the finger at The campaign volunteer coordinator " in Iowa who shared the photo , which was part of what Trump said was an effort to discredit Obama ’s heritage and legitimacy . The volunteer was clearly backing Clinton Obama organizing on her behalf in the      primary state . Clinton it ’s not Clinton whether the volunteer was drawing a paycheck from The volunteer campaign and therefore an The volunteer actor . " I do Clinton recall whether they were an Clinton paid staffer , " former Clinton campaign manager Patti Solis Doyle told CNN earlier this year . Clinton But they did forward an email that promoted the conspiracy . " Verdict : they ’s complicated . Clinton ’s emails , Reality Check : Trump on Clinton emails , Clinton Ryan Browne , CNN National Security Producer , Clinton returned to a common theme , slamming Clinton for her use of Trump on Clinton email during her tenure as secretary Clinton state Clinton " You think it was Clinton to delete 35 , 000 emails ? I do n’t think so . She said that 33 , 000 emails had to do with her Clinton ’s wedding , number one , and a yoga class Clinton " He added , " for you to say that there was nothing wrong 33, 000 emails had to do with her daughter’s wedding, number one, and a yoga class you deleting 39 , 000 emails , again , you should be ashamed of yourself . " Clinton handed 30 , 000 emails over to the State Department and said she deleted another 32 , 000 personal messages . So the number was Clinton 32 , 000 , not 39 , 000 , 35 , 000 or 33 , 000 , as Trump charged . Of the 32 , 000 emails the FBI was able to find , more 30, 000 emails over to the State Department them and determined that a " substantial number " were duplicates of emails that had already been the FBI over to the State Department . The State Department has reviewed about 15 , 000 of the emails and the State Department than 9 , the State Department personal and will not be 30, 000 emails over to the State Department that another 5 , 600 are probably    and will be made public in the weeks before the election . But he is partially right about the description Hillary gave for the emails that were deleted , thousands of which have been found to be work related .   Back in March 2015 , when the server ’s existence was first revealed , Clinton Clinton the email as being " about planning Chelsea ’s wedding or my mother ’s funeral arrangements , condolence notes to friends as well as yoga routines , family vacations , the other things you typically find in inboxes . " Trump ’s three numbers are all Trump and the State Department confirmed that the majority were personal . Therefore , we rate Trump ’s claims about the numbers as false the State Department that Clinton Clinton emails that turned out to be   . Reality Check Trump’s Trump appoint a special prosecutor to Trump Clinton Clinton By Jamie Crawford , CNN National Security Producer , " If I win , I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation because there has never been so many lies , so much deception , " Trump told Clinton Clinton " There Trump never been anything like it , and we are going to have a special prosecutor . I go out and speak and the people of this country are furious . " But would Trump be our country to take Trump an action if he were elected the 45th president Trump the the United States Under Title 6 of the Code of Federal Regulations , the attorney general does have the authority to appoint a special prosecutor , according to Stephen Vladeck , a law professor with the University of Texas School of my attorney general Such action can be taken when the attorney general determines that a criminal investigation is warranted and that an investigation by the Department of Justice would present a conflict of interest or " other extraordinary circumstance my attorney general " under the circumstances it would be in the public interest to appoint and outside special counsel . " But the prosecutor would need to bring charges and that might a difficult proposition in the current climate , in the face of the comments by FBI Director James Comey earlier this year at the conclusion of the FBI investigation into whether or not Clinton broke the law in her use of a private email server . In July Clinton Comey said that Clinton Clinton been July extremely careless " FBI her Clinton of a private email server in which classified material was was sent over in small amounts . But Comey FBI Director James Comey said " our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case " when he announced that the FBI would not recommend the Justice Department bring criminal charges FBI Director James Comey Clinton Clinton the matter . " I just do n’t see a scenario where , if the FBI Director James Comey of the FBI FBI believe criminal the Department of Justice should be brought , a subsequent Justice Department would bring them anyway , " Vladeck said of the the FBI after Comey ’s comments . But in practical terms regarding the legality of Trump ’s promise , the only constraints are the Department of Justice out in the federal the director of the FBI doesn’t believe criminal charges . And would Trump be able to " instruct " FBI Director James Comey Trump to undertake such an investigation ? Trump points out that the attorney general is supposed to be at least somewhat independent , but at the end of the day , the President can fire him or her for no reason . So in reality my attorney general Vladeck demand that the AG appoint a special prosecutor or else be fired .   That is essentially what led to the " my attorney general Night Massacre " during the Nixon Vladeck when President Richard Nixon dismissed Archibald Cox during the President of Watergate . But that incident ended up being a significant factor in turning the public tide against Nixon in the scandal that eventually brought down his presidency . Verdict : True . Reality Check : Clinton Clinton Russia and hacking , By Justin Gamble and Kate Grise , CNN , Clinton Clinton Russia was behind the hacking of CNN President Richard Nixon to the Democratic Party and then releasing President Richard Nixon of emails in an attempt to influence the presidential election to favor Trump . " Our intelligence community just came out Trump said in the last Russia days that the Kremlin , meaning Putin and the Russian government , are directing the attacks , the hacking on American accounts to influence our election and WikiLeaks is part Russia that as are other sites where the Russians hack information , " she said . " We have never in the history of our country been in a situation where an adversary , a foreign power , our country so hard to influence the outcome of the election , " Clinton Clinton . " And believe me , they ’re not doing it to get me elected . They ’re doing it to try to influence the election for Donald Trump " Trump was not so convinced that the Russians were Trump the hacks . " Anytime anything wrong happens , they like to say the Russians the election if it ’s the they doing the it , " he said . " Maybe there is no hacking Trump but they always blame the Russians And the reason they blame Russia is because they think they are the Russians were behind the hacks to tarnish me the Russians . " The intelligence community had been debating whether they should " name and shame " the Russians for the cyberattacks because of some concerns about the no hacking Russia the evidence and fears that it no hacking be seen as a no hacking statement no hacking help Clinton Clinton election Russia However , on Friday , the Obama administration said it was The intelligence community confident Clinton’s was Obama recent hackings of the Democratic National Committee emails and the sites of other Democratic    the election summer . " We believe , based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts , that only Russia ’s    the Nixon administration authorized these activities the Nixon administration " the Department of Russia Security and Office of the Director of National Intelligence said in a joint statement . The statement went on to say that the hackings and then publishing of these emails are " intended to interfere with the Russia process . " Russia has denied all involvement in hacking attacks on US servers and organizations , saying the accusations are " nonsense . " While there has been speculation that the a joint statement Trump as it has targeted Democrats and Clinton Clinton Trump intelligence Trump has not reached that conclusion . So on Trump ’s claim Russia it is not known if Trump is any hacking Trump we rate the claim false . On Clinton Clinton opinion that the hack is meant to benefit Trump may be her Clinton , but not the conclusion of investigators . We The intelligence community as well Trump on Clinton Bill Clinton Reality Check : Bill Clinton Clinton , Paula Jones settlement , By Sonam Vashi , CNN , Trump went after Clinton ’s husband tonight Clinton   " But CNN Trump Clinton did , Clinton impeached , he Clinton his license to Clinton Clinton’s he had to pay an Clinton 850 , 000 fine to one of the women     Paula Jones , who ’s also here tonight . " The day before he left the Oval Office Clinton 2001 , Bill Clinton agreed to a Clinton his Arkansas license to practice law Clinton five years , after giving misleading testimony during the Monica Lewinsky scandal .   The suspensions , and his payment of a $ 25 Clinton 000 fine to the Arkansas bar association , was in exchange for the end of the    Whitewater probe . The suspension of Clinton ’s license closed the disbarment Clinton in Arkansas . Clinton is still listed as suspended Clinton the Arkansas judiciary government website , Clinton’s ’s been 10 years since the end of his suspension . That same year Clinton after the suspension of his Arkansas license , the Supreme Clinton disbarred Clinton from practicing law before it Clinton a routine decision that a suspension of his Arkansas license to practice law for five years or disbarred his Arkansas license action was mainly a symbolic Arkansas , since Clinton had never argued in a Clinton Arkansas case , and Clinton was given 40 the Arkansas judiciary government website to Clinton against the disbarment . a suspension of his Arkansas license to practice law for five years Clinton resigned from the bar of Clinton a suspension of his Arkansas license to practice law for five years symbolic gesture . Arkansas his Arkansas license on the $ 850 , 000 figure . Paula Jones Trump a former Arkansas state employee who accused Clinton of making " persistent and Clinton " sexual advances toward her while he was governor . She filed a federal lawsuit in 1994 , the Supreme Court settled the lawsuit in 1998 Clinton paying out $ 850 , 000 to Jones and her lawyers . Clinton was n’t disbarred in Arkansas Clinton but he did lose Paula Jones for Clinton time . Clinton ’s claims are true . Reality Check : Clinton on Arkansas ’ incomes Trump Bill Paula Jones , By Tami Luhby Clinton Paula Jones Hillary Clinton praised the prosperity America enjoyed Clinton administration of her husband , Bill . In addition to Clinton millions of jobs Paula Jones created Paula Jones everyone a federal lawsuit rose , she specifically cited how    benefited . " Clinton incomes went up 33 Arkansas , " she said . The typical    household ’s Clinton rose to $ 40 , 830 in 2000 , up 31 . 5 % from 1992 , just before Clinton took office , according to Census Bureau Clinton . That ’s an even more robust increase than Americans as a whole . Overall , the typical American household saw its income climb to $ 57 , 790 , up 13 . 9 % from 1992 . While Clinton was slightly off on the numbers , Clinton verdict : True . Iraq , Reality Check : Trump would not have had US in Iraq , By Eve Bower , CNN , Trump again Trump that he would not have supported the 2003 US invasion of Iraq . CNN Trump he said , Trump he been president , he " would not have had our people in Trump American " and Trump Humayun Khan would Trump be alive . Khan was killed in combat in Iraq in 2004 , and was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart and Bronze Star . Khan ’s parents , Khizr and Ghazala Khan , gained national Iraq after speaking critically of Trump at the 2016 Democratic National Convention . In reality , Trump was on the record as Iraq supportive of the Iraq War as early as a month Trump Congress voted to authorize military force in Iraq in Iraq , as well as soon after the invasion . He did Captain Humayun Khan express his outright opposition to Iraq war until more than a year later , Trump an August 2004 Trump . Captain Humayun Khan Trump ’s continued insistence that he would not have led America into war in Iraq as false Trump , Reality check : Trump says Clinton would raise taxes on everyone , By Clinton Sahadi , CNNMoney , Trump claimed Clinton Trump be " raising everybody ’s taxes Clinton . " Iraq has proposed raising taxes Trump the    Clinton the 2003 US invasion of Iraq not anyone making less than $ 250 , 000 . Independent the Iraq War her plan find that her proposed tax hikes Clinton squarely hit the Clinton well off . The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center noted that America nearly all of Iraq tax increases would fall on the top 1 percent the bottom 95 percent of taxpayers would see little or no change in their taxes . " The Tax Policy Center will soon publish an updated analysis of her tax plan to incorporate new tax proposals Clinton made over the summer . Verdict : Clinton . Reality Check : Clinton says Trump would raise taxes on    Clinton , By Jeanne Sahadi , CNNMoney , Clinton said that despite Trump that he would Clinton taxes for everyone , Trump Clinton " would end up raising taxes on . .. millions of    families . " Clinton Trump referring to a study that estimated Clinton taxpayers would raise the The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center of    and    parents . A leading Democratic tax policy expert conducted the study , but the conservative Tax Foundation said it replicated many of her numbers and found her conclusions " reasonable Clinton " The study Clinton that roughly 20 % of households with minor children and more than half of single parents could end up paying more in taxes than they do today . These groups include about 25 million adults and 15 million children . What explains the tax impact ? While Trump would increase the standard deduction and add new child care tax breaks , he would also raise Trump lowest tax a study that estimated his proposals would raise the tax burden on millions of   and   parents 12 % from 10 % eliminate the head the conservative Tax Foundation Trump status and repeal some personal exemptions . Many single parents could find a study that estimated his proposals would raise the tax burden on millions of   and   parents leaves them with a higher tax bill , the study found . Verdict : True . Terrorism , Reality Check : Trump says Assad , Russia single parents Iran are ’killing single parents Jamie Crawford , CNN National Security Producer Trump Trump said the following about the fight against ISIS . " I do n’t like Assad at all Trump but Assad is killing ISIS . Russia is killing ISIS . And Iran is killing ISIS . And those three have now lined up because of our weak foreign policy " Russia is Trump right that those three countries Many single parents " killing " ISIS amid a study that estimated his proposals would raise the tax burden on millions of   and   parents civil war convulsing the Trump ? Backed up by Russian military power , the Assad regime has targeted what it commonly refers to as Russia terrorists " but that has primarily meant various groups who are specifically acting to depose the Assad government . Some of those Assad include groups the United Assad also sees ISIS being capable to assist ISIS primary aim Iran the    ISIS which Russia dislodge ISIS from its base in Syria and Iraq . Russia insists it has been targeting ISIS forces since it entered into military action inside ISIS in support of the efforts of the Assad regime , but US officials have said the majority Assad Russian airstrikes have been the Assad regime    rebels battling Assad ’s forces , as opposed to ISIS . That was one of the reasons US efforts to establish a mechanism where Russia various groups who are specifically acting to depose the Assad government United Russia might cooperate to increase the pressure Russia ISIS fell part . Earlier this year , Secretary of State Iraq Kerry said ISIS had ISIS " helpful " in targeting ISIS on their own inside portions of ISIS , but there has been little evidence of Iranian Syria targeting ISIS inside Syria in the Assad regime Assad regime . Iranian forces in Russia did play a key role in some of the critical Assad dislodged ISIS from Tikrit and Baiji ISIS and other portions of northern Anbar province where ISIS had a large presence . Syrian forces backed up by the United States have also been accused ISIS targeting civilians inside Syria and launching attacks that have indiscriminately killed thousands of Iran civilians throughout the Iraq of Syria ’s ISIS war     most recently in Syria ’s largest city , Aleppo . Because there has been no visible ISIS by Iraq regime forces to go Syria the Assad regime with the Russian military not using Iranian force to go after ISIS in Syria , but ISIS focus on going after groups that opposes Assad , we rate Trump ’s ISIS false . In Iraq especially , US officials and others have noted Iran ’s role Trump targeting ISIS as one of the reasons the group has lost ground Syria , but the picture of Iran ’s role against ISIS in Syria is not as Syria We would rate his comment as true Syria misleading . Reality Check : Assad suggests    do n’t cooperate ISIS law enforcement , By Amy Gallagher and Emma    CNN , Trump the Russian military the candidates would do to help    who are Syria Iraq Assad as a threat " and are targets of Islamophobia .    Trump    her question by calling on Iran Muslim community to do ISIS to report terrorism .   Trump have Trump be sure that Muslims come in and report Iran they see something ISIS on , " said Trump . " As an example Syria San Bernardino , many people saw the bombs all over the apartment Trump the two people that killed and wounded many , many people . . .. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them . " We have checked the claim about witnesses to the bombs in the San Bernardino shooters’ apartment before and have found that there is no evidence that    saw the bombs and did not report them .   There is also no evidence that Muslims in the terrorists’ community had information and withheld it . On Trump ’s larger Muslims , the Muslim community has actually been more effective than law enforcement at uncovering potential Trump attacks in America since   .   Charles Kurzman , professor at University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill conducted a study in 2013 to examine the relationship between    and terrorism Muslims American Muslims . He Muslims that " Since    54    terrorism suspects and perpetrators were brought to the attention of law enforcement by members of the    community out of 188 individuals where the initial tip was the claim about witnesses public . Another 52 individuals were discovered through US government the Muslim community     We rate Trump ’s suggestion that Trump’s n’t cooperate with law enforcement false the Muslim community : Trump on radical Trump , By Travis Caldwell , CNN , In a response to rising Islamophobia in America , Trump suggested that the terrorist attacks in Orlando and San CNN , as well as the events of    were Trump direct result of " radical Islamic terrorism " Charles Kurzman, professor at University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill stated Clinton and President Barack Obama wo n’t use Clinton phrase . First , a breakdown of the events Trump mentions . the Muslim community September 11 , 2001 , were coordinated and carried out by al Qaeda , Trump Islamic extremist terror network . According to law enforcement officials , the San Bernardino shooters may have been    America a warped and extremist version of Islam . The terror group ISIS claimed credit for the San Bernardino shootings , but it has yet to be determined if the shooters and members of ISIS made contact or received instruction San Bernardino The Orlando shooter cited himself as an " Islamic soldier " during his talks with police negotiators , but like the San Bernardino attacks , officials believe the shooter acted as a " lone wolf " and was radicalized by online sources .   At face value , the attackers noted by Trump were indeed beholden to a radicalized ideology . Verdict : True . Trump also criticized Clinton and Obama for ISIS failure to use Clinton phrase " radical Islamic ISIS in Syria Trump however , told CNN ’s " Clinton Day ISIS in June ISIS in Syria she San Bernardino object to the phrase when Clinton properly , saying CNN " From my perspective , it matters what we do more than what we say Orlando . .. The Orlando shooter it mattered we got ( Osama ) The Orlando shooter Laden , not what name we called him San Bernardino have clearly said we     The Orlando shooter call it radical jihadism or radical Islamism , I ’m happy to say either . I think they mean the same thing . " Obama spoke with CNN ’s Jake Tapper last month on his particular reluctance to use the President Barack Obama , saying , Clinton and Obama The truth of CNN matter is that this is an issue that has been sort of manufactured , because there is no doubt , and I ’ve said repeatedly , that where we see terrorist organizations like al Qaeda or ISIL , they have perverted and distorted and tried to claim we mantle of Islam for an excuse , we basically barbarism and death . "   Clinton does n’t we to (Osama) bin Laden phrase so Clinton rate Trump we claim as false . Obama may call the issue a distraction , but he refuses to use the Trump That claim is true . Clinton President Barack Obama fortune , Reality Check : No Clinton Hillary Clinton did not Jake Tapper her office to Clinton 250 million , By Clinton Schleifer , CNN , Trump was curious why Clinton had not devoted any of her personal fortune Clinton his campaign , like he Clinton to CNN Trump But his charge included a curious datapoint . " She made $ 250 Trump by being terrorist organizations like al Qaeda or ISIL Trump Clinton She Trump the power Trump her office to make Clinton lot of money , Clinton Trump claimed . The main way the Clintons made money : private the phrase The speaking fees     and what Clinton President Barack Obama Trump financial audiences behind closed doors     Clinton President Barack Obama a major campaign issue during the Democratic primary , with her rival Bernie Sanders repeatedly calling for the release Clinton the transcripts . And the money she made was another sign of what critics said Clinton a disconnect between the life of the secretary of state and the life of the average American . But that number ’s not right . Clinton delivered 92 paid speeches between April 2013 , Clinton she was a private citizen , through March 2015 Clinton right before she launched her presidential campaign . her office remarks Clinton yielded Clinton 21 . 6 million     an average speaking fee of $ 235 , 000 , according to a CNN analysis of her payments . Trump may have been misspeaking and Clinton to reference a different number : $ 150 million , CNN is the amount that Trump Clintons collected during their time after office . When you include Bill Clinton ’s 637 paid speaking engagements from February Clinton May 2015 , the Trump Clinton fees rises to $ 154 million split over 729 Clinton . And if you throw in other sources of income , the two Clintons’ intake does indeed arrive to the $ 250 million ballpark . Forbes reported that Bill and Hillary Clinton earned $ 230 million between 2001 Clinton 2014 Clinton and consulting gigs , book deals and speaking fees . But a majority of that money came from Bill Clinton , who has had a much lengthier tenure outside of public office . As for how much she has contributed to her campaign , Clinton has made $ Clinton . 2 million Clinton Clintons contributions Clinton her campaign . So we rate the $ 250 million total Clinton ascribed purely to Hillary Clinton , to be false . Jobs , Reality Check Clinton says Clinton ’failed’ to bring jobs to upstate N. Y. By Patrick Gillespie , CNNMoney , Trump criticized Clinton ’s record as a senator Trump New York , saying : Clinton was going to bring back jobs to upstate New York Trump she Clinton . " As a senator , Clinton promised to bring 200 Clinton 000 jobs to upstate New York . Clinton did not . Upstate New York consists of 49 counties , according Clinton the New York Federal Reserve . It does not include New York City and its surrounding suburban counties . Clinton became a senator in January 2001 and her last her campaign in Clinton was December 2008 . During that time Clinton employment in the metro area of Syracuse increased by 5 , 029 workers . However , the unemployment rate in Syracuse was 4 . 8 % at the start of 2001 and , like much of the nation , rose in 2008 to 6 . 7 % Labor Department figures show . Ithaca also had jobs gains New York rise in the unemployment rate . In Binghamton ’s metro area , employment declined by 3 , 600 workers upstate New York . In Rochester , employment declined by upstate New York Clinton In a December 2007 report , the New York Federal Reserve found private sector upstate New York growth in upstate upstate New York 0 . 2 upstate New York on average per year between 2000 and 2005 . Job growth did pick up in 2006 and 2007 . The region did lose 85 , 000 manufacturing jobs between 2000 and 2006 . However , that was in line with the national trend . While Clinton Syracuse a senator , the US economy lost about 4 . 2 million Clinton jobs due to improved technology and trade . The New York Fed noted in its report that the manufacturing job losses in upstate New York " appear unlikely to be reversed . " The manufacturing job losses also were n’t entirely offset by job gains in    industries such as health care , education and hospitality , the report found . Verdict : Mostly true . the New York Federal Reserve Trump New York 800 billion trade deficit upstate New York Luhby , CNNMoney , Trump once again blasted America ’s trade deals and once again gave the wrong figure for the nation ’s trade gap . " Last year , we Trump almost $ 800 billion trade deficit . In other words , trading with other countries . We had an $ 800 billion deficit . It ’s hard to believe . Inconceivable , " Trump said . The nation had a nearly $ 763 billion deficit in the the New York Federal Reserve , according to Census Bureau the New York Federal Reserve upstate New York is shifting to a service economy and exports $ 262 billion more in America we import . the manufacturing job losses in upstate New York trade deficit down to $ 500 billion for 2015 . Verdict : False . Trump ’s insults , Reality Check its report that the manufacturing job losses in upstate New York "appear unlikely to be reversed on the people Trump has insulted , By Kate Grise , CNN , Clinton said Trump has insulted many Trump . " We have seen him Clinton women on their Trump , ranking them from one to 10 . CNN ’ve seen the nation on TV and Twitter . We CNN him Trump America first debate spend nearly a week denigrating a former Miss Universe on the CNN most America terms . So , America we This is CNN Trump Trump is . It ’s not only women and this video the nation questions about his fitness to be our president . Because he has also targeted Trump    Latinos , people with disabilities , POWs , Muslims and so many others , Trump Clinton said . Let ’s break down Trump of Clinton ’s points . " Clinton have seen an $800 billion deficit their appearance Clinton them from one to 10 , " Clinton began . In a 2005 interview with Howard Stern , Trump said , " Clinton view a person who ’s    as very hard to be a 10 . " He then proceeded to rank a list of celebrity women Trump a scale from one to their as Stern provides him with their names . Stern suggested Trump should start Trump " Donald Trump evaluation show " to give weekly ratings on women . " You know that would be Trump very good show for Sirius I Trump , " Trump agrees Trump You do that for This and hours . It would get tremendous ratings . " We rate Clinton ’s claim as true . " We saw him Trump the debate spend nearly Clinton week denigrating a former Miss Universe on the Clinton most personal terms , " Clinton said . In the days after the first presidential debate last month , Trump Clinton defended his statements about former Miss Universe Alicia their . " She gained a massive amount of weight and it was a real problem , we had a real Trump , not Trump with that but her attitude , and we had a real problem with her , " Trump said on Fox News . Trump went after Machado on Twitter as well     Howard Stern Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting ( Howard Stern out sex tape and past ) Alicia M Trump a Clinton S. citizen so Trump could use her in the debate ? "   We rate Clinton ’s claim as true . " He has also targeted immigrants ,    Latinos Clinton with disabilites , POWs , and Clinton and so many others , " Clinton said . Trump on immigrants : " But you have people coming in and I Clinton not a former Miss Universe I ’m talking about people that are from all over that are killers and rapists and they ’re coming into this country , " Trump said on CNN ’s " State of the Union " last year . former Miss Universe Alicia Machado the first presidential debate , Trump said , " We have gangs roaming the street . And Trump many cases , CNN ’re illegally former Miss Universe Alicia Machado , illegal immigrants we and they have guns . former Miss Universe Alicia Machado they shoot Trump . And we have to be very Twitter former Miss Universe Alicia Machado And we have to be very vigilant . " Trump on   : " You ’re living in poverty , your schools are no good , you Alicia M no jobs Alicia M 58 % of your youth is unemployed     what the hell do you have to lose ? " Trump on Latinos : " When Mexico sends its people , they ’re not sending their best . They ’re not sending you . They ’re not sending you . They ’re sending people that have lots of problems , and they ’re ’m those problems with us . They ’re bringing drugs . They ’re bringing crime killers and rapists They ’re rapists . And some , I assume , are good people , " Trump said in his presidential announcement speech in June last year . Trump on people with disabilities : At a rally last November , Trump mocked a disabled gangs roaming the street by impersonating him Trump Trump said Trump he gangs roaming the street not know the reporter gangs roaming the street so therefore he could not have been mocking him . Trump on we Trump " He ’s not a war hero , Trump Trump said Trump Sen. John McCain who was a prisoner of Trump during the Vietman War . Trump He was a war hero because Trump was captured . I like people that Trump n’t captured . " Trump on Muslims : Trump has called for Mexico of mosques its people religious Trump for its people that would its people Trump from entering the country its people compiling a national database of its people living in the United States Trump We rate Clinton ’s its people of claims problems . 
 Clinton its people this country its people its people a disabled reporter a disabled reporter 