’   ’ "    On Wednesday President Donald Trump ’s national security adviser    former general Mike Flynn made a cameo at the White House ’s press    briefing to issue a stern rebuke of Iran . " ’    " Recent Iranian actions involving a provocative ballistic missile    launch and an attack against a Saudi naval vessel conducted by      Houthi militants underscore what should have been    clear to the international community all along about Iran’ ’s    destabilizing behavior across the entire Middle East , " said    Flynn , referring to Monday’ ’s Houthi attack that . ’ ’    Saudi Arabia leads a military coalition of Gulf States involved    in bombing    Houthi rebels in Yemen . While the    Saudis support Yemen , they   for Yemen Yemen air the   Saudis in Yemen the   Saudis ’ "    Flynn went Yemen to say that Iran had violated the UN Security    Council Resolution 2231 , which prohibits Iran from designing    missiles capable of Iran nuclear weapons . Meanwhile , an EU    spokesman   at the UN Security Council on    Tuesday said that Iran ’s test did not violate the Iran .   " " that    Iran ’s missile launches certainly violate the spirit Iran    resolution , but the language of the resolution remains ambiguous    on missile testing . the   resolution    The fact that no definite criteria exist for differentiating    conventional ballistic missiles from    ones further    muddles the issue of whether or not Iran violated the resolution . ’ ’    Flynn then pointed to the   resolution at sea where Iranian    naval vessels have harassed US ships .    Houthi    militants in Yemen have also   from the US and Saudi Arabia .     " In these and other similar activities , Iran continues to    threaten US friends and allies in the Iran , " said Flynn . ’ ’    Flynn criticized the Obama administration’ ’s handling of Iran ,    Flynn that Trump found Obama’ ’s moves " Iran and    . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Flynn came to a forceful yet vague conclusion : " As Flynn today , we    are officially putting Iran on notice . " ’ "    Flynn ’s comments Iran what Fordham University maritime law    professor and former US Navy Commander Lawrence Brennan told    Business Insider on Monday . Essentially , the Houthi attack on a    Saudi ship using suicide boats may change the calculus for the US    Navy operating in the region . " ’    " This attack is likely to impact US naval operations and rules of    engagement ( ROE ) in nearby waters , " said Brennan , who pointed out    that Iranian ships frequently harass and sail very closely to US    Navy ships . ’ ’    Brennan suggested that in   Navy the recent suicide boat    attacks , the US Navy should now consider shooting Iranian or    hostile vessels that get too close . ’ ’   ’ ’    " The overarching duty of    mandates revision of the    ROE to provide a sufficient ’’ bubble ’’ to prevent the risk of a    suicide attack , particularly from swarming boats , " said Brennan    in an email to Business Insider . ’ "    This suggestion fits in line with Trump ’s expressed intention to    deal with Iran more forcefully . " ’    " With Iran , " Trump   " when they    circle our beautiful Iran with their little boats , and they    make gestures at our people they they shouldn’’t be allowed they    make , they our be shot our people of the water .    ’ " our people Wednesday President Donald Trump ’s national . .. " 
 