Britney Spears is 34 years old . That ’s the same age Madonna was when Madonna inflicted Madonna pornographic pop opus Erotica upon the world in 1992 . It would only be fitting for Britney , an American icon who was once regarded as a potential successor to Madonna , to now explore the complexities of adult sexuality . [ I do n’t mean the petty posturing of Miley Cyrus sucking on a soother , or any of the other , faintly pedophilic bombshells of provocation the music industry uses to sell concert tickets . I mean something that popular culture has given up on , because the hectoring hordes of social justice raise hell any time an artist these days dares to approach the big issues with complexity , or subtlety , or any other message that is n’t , " Men suck and are all rapists ! " I ’m looking at you , Rihanna .   In Britney ’s latest single , " Make Me   …      ( Ooh ) " a    dreamscape about Rihanna quest for a dope a. f. orgasm , Rihanna expresses Rihanna desire for a man at his most primal . Rihanna wants his to take Rihanna like his ca n’t control his , " like it ai n’t a choice for you , " like a beast in the woods acting on some primal instinct . Like it ai n’t a choice . A grown woman in 2016 making a public request for sex without consent ? Whatever will the neighbours think ? Perhaps Rihanna has been going through my texts with Atlanta escorts . Either way , this could be the most subversive pop song since Erotica , all of which makes rumours that the video for this track was thrown out and replaced with a    approved version that depicted Britney as a warrior princess , stripped of Rihanna yearning for a strong man , very troubling . Only nine weeks ago , Britney posted a picture to Britney Instagram in an SM harness surrounded by sweaty men , with the caption :   " Day one : ✔ ️. "   Britney was hinting that Britney had just shot a music video . Later that week , E ! News teased a clip of Britney on set . E! News was announced that David LaChapelle would be shooting E! News : " Expect to see lots of skin . "   Day one : ✔ ️ A photo posted by Britney Spears ( @britneyspears ) on Jun 2 , 2016 at 10:24pm PDT ,   A month later , a clip leaked on a seedy Asian website . It ’s blurry . It feels almost mythological . Like It was taken over the shoulder of an RCA executive while he was at lunch . It shows Spears in a dungeon doing the moves that made Spears famous with a harem of jacked dudes . Spears ’s pounded by one of jacked dudes . It ’s degrading . And Spears ’s loving every second of It . Spears ’s also the one in control . These are the same dirty bondage tricks that Madonna and , later , Christina Aguilera have used . These work because These tap into something visceral : a need to be dominated .   This week , Britney posted a clip on Britney Instagram to the effect that the " Make Me   …      ( Ooh ) " video was available to watch on VEVO . But there was something wrong . Fans immediately noticed that this was not the video that had been teased all summer . this was tame , dull , pointless . In other words , it was     . Gone is Britney being Britney gyrated on for a full three seconds she has Britney replaced by men debasing themselves for men debasing themselves for her and her friends’ amusement and Britney friends’ Britney . ( It ’s unlikely to be a coincidence that so many of her " Britney " in the video are n’t white . ) Rumours are floating around now that RCA pulled the original for being " too racy , " as though that has ever before been a problem for the music executives who put out Britney Spears records . On 2003 ’s " Showdown , " Britney says , " And when you come , do n’t get too hot   …      butterfly . " She was Britney to tease and be teased . Adults are not teenagers . We know what we want We We also We that sex , like life , is messy and complicated , and there are n’t always morally straightforward answers . Art is supposed to help us navigate We big questions , and no genre touches more people than pop music , which is why Madonna is so justly highly regarded . If you are in your 30s and you still do n’t know how to ask   —    or manipulate   —    someone into participating in whatever gets you off , there ’s little hope for you . you are in your 30s and you still don’t know how to ask  —   or manipulate  —   someone into participating in whatever gets you off ’ve known for some time that my thing is getting gagged and choked in public places by the nearest    in a Donald Trump mask and I intend to concoct that scenario as many times as possible before my inevitable assassination at the hands of marauding lesbian feminists . Millennials , whose generation is responsible for the cancer of    feminism and who champion     and the dual cults of victimhood and grievance , have no clue what they want Millennials, whose generation is responsible for the cancer of   feminism and who champion    and the dual cults of victimhood and grievance they have Millennials, whose generation is responsible for the cancer of   feminism and who champion    and the dual cults of victimhood and grievance little sex . And because they have Millennials, whose generation is responsible for the cancer of   feminism and who champion    and the dual cults of victimhood and grievance little sexual experience to go on compared to previous generations , they have Millennials, whose generation is responsible for the cancer of   feminism and who champion    and the dual cults of victimhood and grievance an entire therapy industry designed to police the sex lives of others with moral panics about " consent . " You see this at work in the pages of Gawker , Mic , Buzzfeed and Vox . These days we ’re constantly told by    media critics works of art are " problematic , " as though that were a bad thing , rather than the entire purpose of them . Art , like college , is supposed to make you feel uncomfortable . If it does n’t , it ’s it art or education : it ’s it . So    is    prism through which the social justice cult views culture , we ’re now expected to believe that any depiction of rape is a de facto endorsement of it and any depiction of a a woman that is not a flat ,    caricature    " sexist . " Such lunacy and ignorance robs women   —    and everyone else   —    of the power that comes with being the passive partner . As Camille Paglia taught us in the 90s , it has always been women who controlled the sexual calculus . It ’s it sub who has the safe word the bitch who can make everything stop in an instant . The funny thing is , every hardcore feminist I ’ve ever looked into closely has a pretty hardcore sex life . It ’s The funny thing always the healthiest or most    people who want to police everyone else . But credulous journalists are happy to repeat insinuation and spin from hypocritical gender activists because , I dunno , they ’re credulous journalists up for women or something . We do n’t know for sure what RCA is thinking . It ’s possible , of course , that after the fan outcry they will release the LaChapelle video anyway . But this controversy bears all the hallmarks of social justice tampering . And , if that ’s the case , should n’t we be worried ? If megastars are being forced to sanitise themselves to megastars professional    that ’s far more offensive in my eyes than anything we ’ve we from the original video . Is there something wrong with a woman in her 30s who desires a man more powerful than her , her who sees him as a man more powerful than her only one who can give her what her wants her Is it so shocking to the delicate sensibilities of these wannabe music critics with which modern American journalism is infected to see a woman who   —    whisper it !   —    might want to be degraded ? Might even find it empowering it Should we just pretend this side of human nature and sexuality does n’t exist , when we all know it does it Whatever happened to female " agency , " or is that restricted to miserable , unappealing chicks shooting ghosts in the nads with proton packs ? If a woman chooses to be dominated , surely she ’s a woman exercising her potent a woman agency ? The regressive left is as keen to rob women of their right women choose as radical Islam is , it seems . I mean , I get it . The regressive left feminists probably thought they had feminists ally in Britney when she went a woman her " a woman freakout " phase , buzzing her hair a woman for attention . I ’ve run into the same look on college campuses . Spears ’s return to sexuality must have seemed like a betrayal to the    nunnery of the American left , and we know how they treat those that betray them . they justice is protracted   : the product of kids who should have been slashing at themselves but who were instead worrying about climate change and microaggressions . And although sympathy for its excesses Social justice waning among the public , it still Social justice the power to interfere with things that matter . We ought to resist that power the power to interfere with things that matter and men alike , to say nothing of the gays , want the Britney Spears we know and deserve . Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Twitter and Facebook . Hear him every Friday Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Twitter and Facebook The Milo Yiannopoulos Show . Write to Milo at milo@breitbart . com . 
 