Atlanta ( CNN ) The first person Grace Starling told about Grace Starling rape was Grace Starling professor . Grace Starling did n’t intend for it to be that way , but trauma pushes people in unexpected directions .   Grace Starling was a     sophomore at Agnes Scott College in Decatur , Georgia , and Grace Starling had just botched Grace Starling first presentation of the spring 2014 semester . A      student , Grace Starling could n’t let it go without a conversation .   When Starling went to Starling professor ’s office Starling says Starling suddenly burst into tears .   " This weekend I was raped , and I do n’t know what to do , " Starling told her professor’s . By the end of the conversation , Starling had decided to report the incident to law enforcement to pursue criminal charges . A few days later , Starling took the extra step of reporting it to the school the young man attended to seek interim disciplinary measures . Under a proposed law in Georgia , the decision would not have been left up to Starling .   What is HB 51 ? Georgia Georgia heard testimony from Starling and others on Wednesday in consideration of a bill that proposes to change how sexual assaults on college campuses are investigated .   Under current state and federal law , students can choose whether to report sexual misconduct to law enforcement or their students or both . Or , they do n’t have to report at all . Nothing in current law requires university employees to report conversations with students about sexual misconduct to authorities without their authorities .   HB 51 could change that .   The bill requires certain school employees to report possible felonies , such as sexual assault allegations , to law enforcement . The The bill sidesteps university hearings , sometimes called Title IX hearings after the federal civil rights law that mandates them . university hearings the proposed the federal civil rights law that mandates them school disciplinary hearing can only take place if a criminal investigation has been launched , a key departure from how things currently work . The proposal The bill interim disciplinary measures from taking effect until a criminal investigation has been launched , another contrast to how administrative hearings currently operate . The bill is The bill to address the critique that schools should " be in the business of educating , not investigating sexual assaults , " as HB 51 ’s Republican sponsor , Rep. Earl Ehrhart , put it .   It ’s a position that clashes it state and federal law as well as best practices for a    approach to helping sexual assault survivors . It goes against prevailing legislative trends it other states , which tend to focus on schools’ reporting requirements and creating partnerships with local crisis centers .   The school process is far from perfect that much is clear from the    pile of lawsuits against schools over their handling of sexual misconduct cases lawsuits against schools But for many it ’s preferable to a lengthy , invasive criminal inquiry . As someone who pursued both paths , Starling , 23 , said the administrative process was kinder and The school process her needs than the criminal justice system . As a result of the experience , she decided to forgo art history to pursue her law degree at Georgia State University , where she ’s in her first year . At her ’s hearing her she addressed the lawmakers from a seat at her edge of the table .   " While I ultimately reported my assault to the police a day later , I can assure you that if I was not able to decide this for myself , I would not be sitting in her of you right now , " Starling said . An example of federal overreach ? The bill bears traces of critiques of the An example of federal overreach ’s aggressive approach to campus sexual assault . Since 2011 , the US Department of Education has directed colleges to adopt tougher approaches to handling sexual misconduct allegations or face losing billions in financial aid . It began with a " Dear Colleague Letter " to colleges from the department ’s Office for Civil Rights reminding them the US Department of Education duty under the federal civil rights law Title IX them protect students from    discrimination , including sexual assault .    The approach has not sat well with defense lawyers and other critics , who see it as federal overreach that encroaches on due process rights The approach the accused , by giving investigative powers to school administrators . One of those people is Ehrhart , chairman of the legislative committee that allocates funding to Georgia ’s colleges . He sued the Department of Education in 2016 over the Ehrhart, chairman of the legislative committee that allocates funding to Georgia’s colleges guidance .   A businessman from Cobb County , home of the tea party and conservative firebrand Newt Gingrich , Ehrhart made no secret of his intentions Wednesday at the    only hearing , so Ehrhart it had to turn people away .   " HB the   only hearing is going to change the rules , " he said from a seat behind a table . " Ehrhart will be no separate Title IX cases . All felonies will be treated the same . " He said he expects the election of President Donald Trump Ehrhart affect Ehrhart rules .   " It ’s not going to the rules , especially not now , " he said in an interview before the hearing in his Ehrhart at the Capitol . " I think you Ehrhart a different administration in Washington that ’s going to look askance at    guidance and opinion . " The signs are there . On Thursday , evangelical leader Jerry Falwell Jr. declared his intention as head of an education task force for Trump evangelical leader Jerry Falwell Jr. push back against regulations coming out of the Education Department , especially those that apply to colleges and universities .   " Title IX is an area where he feels there is " a spokesmen told CNN , adding evangelical leader Jerry Falwell Jr. Falwell feels campus sexual assault investigations are " better left to evangelical leader Jerry Falwell Jr. , attorneys , judges . " Losing the choice to decide , As Ehrhart made his case , the contrast between the audience of college students Ehrhart activists and the    panel of six white men , one black man and one black woman could not have been more stark . Many in the audience had signed an opposing petition , which has more than 1 , 300 signatures . Throughout the hearing , they sighed heavily and rolled their eyes at the lawmakers’ questions and comments . Though still they its early stages , the proposal that made it out of the subcommittee Wednesday worries those in the audience its numerous reasons . Above all , they fear the audience lose the power to decide their fate . those in the audience bill would require university employees and staff to survivors possible felonies such as sexual assault . The bill excludes privileged conversations under Georgia law , including lawyers and The bill of licensed mental health care professionals . That does not include conversations with professors , coaches , resident advisers or deans . Nor does the exclusion cover the unlicensed counselors , therapists and volunteers who often staff student centers and health clinics , the first places students tend to go to in crisis .   Reporting is already difficult because of the tangled web of emotions that sexual assault survivors face , survivor Jessica Caldas told the committee . It was enough to keep her from reporting her rape . " When one person assaults another they survivor Jessica Caldas taking away survivor Jessica Caldas agency and attacking them at their core . It is ultimately dehumanizing they a refusal to they the they of the person being assaulted , " Caldas said . " This dehumanization , along with the stigmas of sexual survivor Jessica Caldas , breed within the victim doubt , shame , fear and guilt . " The decision to report often starts with a conversation , be it with a friend , a professor or a counselor at the student The decision to report . As it ’s written now , HB 51 would require survivors , in a The decision to report of extreme crisis , to seek out a person covered by the privileged communication exclusion to ensure the confidante would not be required to report .   Caldas said limiting whom people can talk to in a moment of crisis could have the opposite effect of silencing them .   " Victims know that the criminal justice system will put whom people can talk through a lengthy and invasive process , for which many are not Victims prepared while dealing with the trauma of their assault , " she said . " If they know they will Victims sent to the police , victims are less Victims to Victims at all . " The bill could also forbid interim disciplinary measures until a criminal investigation has been launched , another key departure from current practice . Title IX allows schools to provide interim measures to ensure the safety and    of the survivor and the school community . Such measures could include suspension or a dorm change so the two parties can avoid contact . Interim measures are a hallmark of Title IX survivors say they need them , while others call them a clear violation of constitutional Title IX survivors . Title IX survivors Starling , such measures Title IX survivors her make it through school , she said . By the time the Starling was such measures , the young Starling she had accused of rape had been suspended , she said . Her Starling gave her the time off she needed to Starling with the Starling investigation , Starling assignments , and Starling her with counseling . Such accommodations could only come from the school , Starling police , she said . Cases rarely end in Her school Starling ’s situation also Starling how rare it is for such cases to Starling a criminal conviction . After more than two years of interrogations and meetings with prosecutors , the Fulton County District Attorney ’s office dropped her case .   " These cases with drugs and alcohol are very difficult for the Fulton County District Attorney’s to reach conclusions , " Fulton County District Attorney Paul Howard said at the time .   A December 2014 Atlanta    analysis found that campus police at nine of Georgia ’s largest universities have logged 152 allegations of rapes Georgia’s since 2010 . Not one resulted in criminal prosecution .   A separate AJC investigation of campus disciplinary hearings found that over five years , Georgia ’s five largest public universities processed 43 sexual misconduct Georgia and held the accused responsible about half the time , resulting in various sanctions , from probation to expulsion . When someone is wrongly accused , The disparity is what concerns critics of the    " campus tribunals , " including Ehrhart . He said he was moved to act in part Ehrhart the investigations and calls from parents someone sons someone been caught up in the system , with    consequences . One of those mothers testified at Wednesday ’s hearing . CNN is not naming her to protect the identity of her son CNN who was not charged with a crime . She described her son ’s her , which began after a night of drinking with friends her Her her invited a drunk female acquaintance back to his room rather than leave her alone her son’s party , the mother said . A friend her son’s came for her her brought her home . The her she texted him , " I ’m sorry her was bothering her . Thanks for being such a A friend guy A friend " and he thought that was the end of it , the woman told the committee .   Instead , A friend was just the beginning of a harrowing the committee A friend a school finding that he was responsible for sexual misconduct . A friend of the young woman reported him and the allegations went to A friend Title IX disciplinary department that investigates such complaints . A friend the head of A friend pushed the case based on scant hearsay testimony in a haphazard her interviews and hearings , some of her case was not the Title IX disciplinary department that investigates such complaints . The family appealed the finding and upon review the case was dropped , but the school never apologized , A friend noted . " Had he been given her case this never would Her school , " the mother said . " Those her power must not be able to wield it A friend . " Can we have it both her Because of the confidential nature of Title IX hearings there ’s no way to know how rare or this such miscarriages of justice are . Therein lies the balance the lawmakers are attempting to strike between the constitutional rights of the accused and the duty to protect survivors after a traumatic event .   In other words , " How can we have both ? " as one committee member at Wednesday ’s hearing put it . " Sometimes , you ca n’t have it both ways . " Not necessarily so Wednesday’s hearing , director of advocacy at the YWCA of Greater Atlanta . That ’s why the disciplinary process exists as a separate track from the criminal justice system , to provide different measures of justice for different purposes . the criminal justice system result from administrative process are not intended to be criminal punishments , she said . They are intended to serve and protect the school community , especially the two parties involved . Law enforcement can not suspend a student accused of sexual misconduct , she said . Helen Robinson, director of advocacy at the YWCA of Greater Atlanta district attorney can not give a grieving student a homework extension or provide counseling . Even if you make it clear the Fulton County District Attorney’s there are certain people they can turn to in Helen Robinson, director of advocacy at the YWCA of Greater Atlanta of crisis for privileged conversations , you can not predict how they will act , she said . But it ’s reasonable to believe that in the face of such obstacles students they may not act at all . " Sexual assault has a unique impact on victims students " she said Helen Robinson, director of advocacy at the YWCA of Greater Atlanta " It can not be compared to other crimes . " 
 Helen Robinson, director of advocacy at the YWCA of Greater Atlanta students 