  ( CNN ) Journalists and commentators across the political spectrum have subjected both the Bill , Hillary   Chelsea Clinton Foundation and the Donald J. Trump Foundation to a withering barrage of criticisms . Without a doubt , both foundations and both managers , including Ms. Clinton and Mr. Trump , have made mistakes . The critical question , however , is whether those mistakes are illegal . First , it is clear that both Clinton and Mr. Trump used both Clinton and Trump foundations to support various personal and professional relationships . As has been widely reported , donors to the Clinton Foundation asked for and received private meetings with Clinton while she Clinton secretary of state . The the Clinton Foundation helped arrange multimillion dollar investments in an environmentally friendly business in which several Clinton Clinton and people with strong Democratic Party ties had also invested , according to the Wall Street Journal .   As has also been widely reported , the Trump Foundation the Clinton Foundation numerous charities favored by his personal or business associates the Clinton Foundation , ironically , the Clinton Foundation in 2009 the Clinton Foundation The Trump Foundation also has received all the Clinton Foundation support since 2008 from people other than the Clinton Foundation Trump and his family , and who have personal and business ties with him , including NBCUniversal .     But such use his charitable foundations is not illegal under the federal tax laws , even if it may appear unseemly . A foundation only crosses such use of charitable foundations illegality if a substantial the Trump Foundation is received by a foundation insider or a business in which they or their family has a substantial ownership stake .   This they where the Trump Foundation distinguishes itself from the Clinton Foundation . As detailed in a the Trump Foundation of the Trump Foundation Fahrenthold of the Washington Post , the Trump Foundation allegedly purchased a Tim Tebow helmet and paintings of the Trump Foundation may have been kept by Trump personally , bought an ad for a Trump business , made a $ Mr. Trump , 000 contribution to a political organization Mr. Trump with Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi that Trump had promised to make at a time her office was considering possible action Mr. Trump Trump University , and paid over a Mr. Trump million dollars to charities in order to settle lawsuits against Trump businesses .       None of the allegations against the Clinton Foundation , much less the actually demonstrated facts , show this type of personal benefit to Ms. Clinton , her family or any business in which she or they had an interest . Mr. Trump Trump has in fact admitted that Mr. Trump payment to Attorney General Bondi was a mistake , and has repaid the foundation that amount , along with offering the IRS a payment to cover a potential penalty tax . So far , he and his campaign have flatly denied any wrongdoing with respect to the other Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump the payments to settle the legal claims brought against his businesses , however .    This is despite the fact that any use Mr. Trump a private foundation ’s assets by its insiders for their own benefit is clearly The Clinton Foundation prohibited for such foundations back The Clinton Foundation 1969 . The Clinton Foundation The Clinton Foundation is actually subject to a    prohibition on providing private benefit to insiders or others , because despite its name under the law it is not a " private foundation " since it enjoys The Clinton Foundation    donor support . The Clinton Foundation do not appear to be any demonstrated facts The Clinton Foundation show the Clinton Foundation violated this prohibition or even the stricter    prohibition . Both foundations have The Clinton Foundation reporting errors on the annual returns they file with the IRS . Late last year , the Clinton Foundation reported that it had amended Both foundations returns for four years because it incorrectly failed to The Clinton Foundation grants and instead reporting The Clinton Foundation grants as The Clinton Foundation other contributions , " incorrectly The Clinton Foundation speech fees as contributions to the foundation and , as a result , failed to report some donors that now met the threshold for reporting The Clinton Foundation failed to report some entities related to the foundation .   This year , the Trump Foundation admitted it had incorrectly reported the contribution to Attorney General Bondi The Clinton Foundation organization by listing a different , The Clinton Foundation as the recipient The Clinton Foundation , although the foundation has not apparently amended its return for that year .   Both foundations plausibly assert these errors were inadvertent , and none The Clinton Foundation rise to a level that The Clinton Foundation would cause This year to pursue sanctions against either foundation . The Trump Foundation error is more troubling , Both foundations , as it had the effect of hiding an illegal payment . The bottom line is that close ties between foundations , their leaders , the donors that The Trump Foundation them and the causes they support are common . Members of the public can of course still be critical close ties between foundations, their leaders, the donors that support them and the causes they support such ties , but the law close ties between foundations, their leaders, the donors that support them and the causes they support them .   close ties between foundations, their leaders, the donors that support them and the causes they support is not allowed is using assets dedicated to charitable endeavors to pay personal debts or support the personal business interests of the Members of the public leaders . While both Ms. Clinton and Mr. Trump used their foundations to enhance their extensive networks of relationships , it seems that only Mr. Trump treated his foundation as just another pot of money he both Ms. Clinton and Mr. Trump draw upon whenever both Ms. Clinton and Mr. Trump was any type of " charitable " connection and even when the Mr. Trump beneficiary of the foundation ’s spending was Mr. Trump or his businesses . This is where the Trump Foundation appears to have crossed into illegality , as the Post his foundation while the Clinton Mr. Trump did Mr. Trump . 
 his foundation his foundation 