From the Wall Street Journal:[Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is bringing two new managers to the top of the Wall Street Journal:[Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump campaign in a bid to recover ground the Wall Street Journal:[Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has lost in recent weeks . Stephen Bannon , executive chairman of Breitbart News LLC , an outspoken Trump supporter and a former Goldman Sachs banker , will assume the new position of campaign chief executive . At the same time , Trump also is promoting Kellyanne Ms. Conway Ms. Conway has been a campaign adviser for several weeks . Longtime Republican operative Paul Manafort , who joined the campaign late in the primary season , remains campaign chairman . But the reset is designed to bulk up a structure that many Republicans have complained was n’t adequate for the rigors of the    campaign . [   …     ] Mr. Trump initially held to the campaign and structure , arguing that they succeeded in winning the nomination . In Mr. Trump days , however , Mr. Trump has been working behind the scenes to get more of what he called " Mr. Trump atop his thinly staffed campaign organization , advisers said . On Sunday Mr. Trump Trump National Golf Club in Mr. Trump , N. J. Mr. Trump , who sought out Mr. Bannon , met with him and Mr. Manafort to lay out his new thinking for the campaign team . [   Mr. Bannon     ] In addition , the Mr. Manafort team is likely to beef up campaign work in polling and analytics , areas of the campaign team Bannon and Ms. Conway , advisers said . The appointment of Mr. Bannon is likely to stir its own controversy . Breitbart News , which he runs , is a freewheeling populist news site that has The appointment of Mr. Bannon as a kind of platform for Trump Mr. Bannon . He has , among other things , helped produce a movie about the personal wealth of Bill and Hillary Mr. Bannon . Mr. Trump has known Mr. Bannon , a former Naval officer , for years . Mr. Bannon will take Trump of absence from Breitbart . Read the rest here . 
 Mr. Bannon 