Eight months after tagging Jeb Bush as " low energy " and labeling Ted Cruz , " Lyin’ Ted , " Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump has at long last nicknamed Jeb Bush GOP rival John Kasich . [ " Lyin’ Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich John Kasich unable to beat me on their Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich so they Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich to team up in a two on one . Shows weakness ! " Trump Donald Trump in a Monday morning Tweet .   The real estate mogul was just getting started . Trump Donald Trump his Donald Trump primary opponents’ alleged collusion a sign of weakness and desperation . " Shows how weak and desperate Lyin’ Ted is when he Ted to team up with a guy who openly ca n’t stand him Ted is only 1 win and 38 losses , " Trump Donald Trump . Trump Donald Trump Sunday night Twitter screeds were in response to the Cruz and Kasich camps’ acknowledgment that the two campaigns are working in concert to stop Trump Donald Trump As Breitbart News reported late Sunday , the Kasich campaign has announced that it the Kasich campaign campaign exclusively in Oregon and New Mexico , and " We will shift our We ’s resources West and give the the Kasich campaign clear path in Indiana . " In similar fashion , the Cruz campaign the Kasich campaign Cruz collusion : To ensure that we nominate a Republican who can unify the Republican Party and win in November , our campaign will focus its the Kasich campaign resources in Indiana the Kasich campaign in turn clear the Indiana for Gov. Kasich to compete in Oregon and New Mexico , and we would hope that allies of our campaigns would follow our lead . In other states our their elections for the remainder of the primary season , our campaign will continue to compete vigorously to win . Trumps campaign released a statement early Monday , responding to the    plan to stop the Republican frontrunner from collecting the 1 , 237 delegates he needs to lock up the Republican nomination . " It is sad that two grown politicians have to collude against one person who has only been a politician for ten months in order to try and stop that person from getting the Republican nomination , " the the Republican nomination . " Governor Kasich , who has only won 1 state out of 41 , in other words , he is 1 for 41 and he is not even doing as well as he candidates who could have stubbornly stayed in the race like him but chose not to do so . he The next Republican primary contest will be on Tuesday , April 26 and will see the remaining three GOP candidates compete for delegates in Connecticut ( 28 ) Delaware ( 16 ) Maryland ( 38 ) Pennsylvania ( 71 ) and Rhode Island ( 19 ) . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 