Over the last two weeks , The Atlantic has delved into some of the most interesting films of the year by examining a single , noteworthy moment and unpacking what it says about 2016 . Today : David Mackenzie ’s Hell or High Water . ( The whole " And , Scene " series will appear here . ) From its opening shot , Hell or High Water is n’t coy about its sympathies . As the camera pans across a    town in West Texas , its catches a prominent bit of graffiti tagged on the white bricks of a local bank branch . " 3 TOURS IN IRAQ BUT NO BAILOUT FOR PEOPLE LIKE US , " it reads . Watching David Mackenzie ’s film is the equivalent of having a shotgun muzzle waved in your face : After all , this is a movie about unsubtle folk —   bank robbers with focused , if misguided , Robin Hood complexes —   living in unsubtle times . In a year when much was written trying to delve into the psyche of Middle America , Hell or High Water did the same while trying to have some fun in the process . This is , first and foremost , a genre film , a    crossing the angry    of The Treasure of the Sierra Madre with the barren modern Texan landscapes of Friday Night Lights . After their first successful robbery of the day , brothers Toby ( Chris Pine ) and Tanner ( Ben Foster ) clad in ski masks , drive to the next town over to stick up another branch , driving past signs advertising home refinancing and debt relief . At the next bank , Toby run Tanner (Ben Foster) a customer depositing a box of old pennies he found Tanner (Ben Foster) his barn Tanner (Ben Foster) " You got a gun on you , old man ? " Tanner asks Tanner (Ben Foster) . old man You ’re goddamn right I got a gun on me , " he replies Tanner (Ben Foster) a snarl . As they exit the building with a handful of cash , the customer a customer depositing a box of old pennies he found in his barn revolver and shoots as they flee , a customer depositing a box of old pennies he found in his barn wildly at their getaway car a customer depositing a box of old pennies he found in his barn It ’s a rollicking , telling scene that does n’t take itself too seriously It the intense action and high stakes . Moments like these suggest Hell or High Water is a worthy resurrection of Hollywood pulp at a time when " genre filmmaking " largely refers to expensive , inoffensive franchise blockbusters . Made on a small budget and released in August , when films like Suicide Squad dominated at the box office , it was one of the surprise successes of the year , and now seems headed for Oscar glory . The film ’s screenwriter , Taylor Sheridan , also wrote last year ’s Sicario , which took a dark , granular look at the bloody worthlessness of the War on Drugs . Both films , he told Indiewire Oscar are about the "   American frontier , " the border states gripped by foreclosures , high rates of drug addiction , and the pervasive    sentiment that helped spur Donald Trump ’s swift rise in the Republican primaries . " I was exploring the death of a way of life , and the acute consequences of the mortgage crisis in East Texas , " Sheridan said . One might as well call Hell or High Water " Economic Anxiety : The Movie " for the way that it cleverly illustrates how the desolation of rural America can drive truly unforgivable behavior . The nobler Toby and the    Tanner are committing their crimes for The nobler Toby and the   Tanner good reason , though it takes a while for their plot to The nobler Toby and the   Tanner come into focus —   long enough that the audience is vaguely on their side without The nobler Toby and the   Tanner understanding why . But their desperation still The nobler Toby and the   Tanner havoc despite Toby ’s good intentions ( like so many    he does n’t    anyone hurt ) things slide into baser violence . Chasing them around the baser violence are Texas Rangers Marcus ( Jeff Bridges ) and Alberto ( Gil Birmingham ) a grouchy odd couple who gently , but persistently mock each other ( Alberto ribs Marcus ’s age , and Marcus makes casually Marcus horribly racist jokes about Alberto ’s Mexican Alberto Native American heritage ) . The " wit " on display is often painful , but that ’s part of Sheridan ’s point —   that the country ’s divisions are drawn so deeply , Marcus ’s insults Marcus’s of the only ways he can relate to Marcus’s partner . Hell Marcus’s High Water is as jarring and uncomfortable as it is tense and fun . Yes , there are parts of America that still feel like a cowboy nation —   and everyone at the bank , be they security guards or everyone at the bank , might be toting a gun on their hip . It everyone at the bank a depiction of a region that feels at once authentic and cartoonish , reinforcing stereotypes we might be loath to acknowledge while deepening them all the same . Previously : Weiner , Next Up : American Honey 
 