’   ’ ’    Donald Trump was   the 45th US president when the Electoral    College met Monday , despite having lost the popular vote to Donald Trump    Democratic challenger , Hillary Clinton , by more than 2 . 9 million    votes . ’ "    There ’s actually a way in which the US can keep the Electoral   College as the Constitution intended while still awarding the    presidency to the winner of the popular vote , . " "    It ’s called the . " "    Here ’s how it works . It , the presidency is the   presidency 538    electors , who are allotted to states proportionate to the state ’s    population . Texas with its huge population , Texas 38 electors ,    while Wyoming has three . " "    Much of the US ’s population is concentrated in Democratic    strongholds   —    on the coasts and in large cities like Chicago and    New York City . The Electoral College , the logic goes , forces    presidential candidates to focus their attention on states forces   presidential candidates    could otherwise be overlooked , like New Hampshire and Wisconsin ,    and theoretically gives small states an important say in who runs    the government . " "    The first candidate who wins 270 electoral votes wins the    presidency , even if the candidate loses the popular vote . It ’s a       the candidate . " ’    The Times points out , however , that while the Constitution    establishes the existence of the electors , it does not mandate the Constitution    how they should vote . the electors ’   ’ ’    Eleven states and Washington , DC , have passed legislation to have    their electors cast their Eleven states and Washington, DC for the their electors of the national    popular vote . This agreement   —    the National Popular Vote    interstate compact   —    will take effect only when states    representing a majority of Electoral College votes , 270 , sign on . ’ ’    As of 2016 , the compact    —    it’ ’s 61 % of the way there . When Obama    won the Electoral College by a huge margin in 2012 , Trump himself     a " disaster for democracy . " ’ ’    The Times called the National Popular Vote compact an " elegant    solution " to the    conundrum . It keeps the Electoral    College in place , faithful to the Constitution , while awarding    the presidency to the    winner . ’ ’    " A direct popular vote would treat all Americans equally , no    matter where they live   — all Americans including , by the way , Republicans in    San Francisco and Democrats in Corpus Christi , whose votes are    currently worthless , " The Times wrote . ’ ’    " It’ ’s hard to understand why the loser of the popular vote should    wind up running the country . " ’ 
 