  ( CNN ) Ohio Gov. John Kasich declined on Tuesday to urge delegates at the Republican convention to cast delegates ballots for Donald Trump , instead urging their ballots to follow their ballots " consciences . " " their ballots have to weigh their ballots responsibilities against their ballots consciences and then make a decision about what their ballots want to do , "  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich said , according to The Washington Post .   And  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich spokesman Chris Schrimpf told CNN that the Ohio governor had directed the delegates the Ohio governor won during the primary process to remain bound to the Ohio governor , " unless their conscience tells their otherwise . " However ,  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich also said  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich is not looking to be a " disruptive force " at the convention : " Donald Trump won . It ’s  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich party and  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich convention , "  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich told the Post .  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich senior adviser John Weaver told CNN that the comments simply make clear that  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich believes delegates should abide by the same rules the Ohio governor himself is operating under . At the start of the primary fight ,  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich signed a pledge vowing to support the eventual Republican nominee , but after dropping  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich own bid for the presidency ,  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich has declined to endorse Trump .   Schrimpf and Weaver say  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich has not ruled out backing Trump but that the presumptive Republican nominee does not align with  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich on a host of policy issues , as well as the presumptive Republican nominee use of divisive language .   Schrimpf told CNN there is still no decision on whether  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich will participate in the convention     which is being held in  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich home state in Cleveland     but that  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich is not seeking a speaking slot . The uncertainty over  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich ’s presence at  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich own party ’s convention in  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich home state is extremely unusual and illustrates the awkward position  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich finds  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich in .    (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich campaign has recently started using their Kasich’s campaign list to highlight the  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich continued high levels of favorability among the general election electorate and his efforts  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich help fellow Republicans .   Weaver told CNN that Kasich is  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich committed to a pretty exhaustive schedule " of campaigning for    Republican candidates after the convention , and he points  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich " what could be a troubling headwind for the party " in Trump ’s nomination .   Weaver acknowledged Weaver has Trump with the Republican electorate , but said Kasich ’s  (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich that a different message can also win over voters .    " The point we ’re trying to make is if you want to run in troubled times , here ’s a path that you can run on . You can run on a    positive ,    agenda , " Weaver says . Weaver That message is very popular . " 
 