Tim Treadstone , better known by Tim Treadstone stage name " Baked Alaska , " is trying to correct what Tim Treadstone refers to as the " hoaxing media ’s " misleading attempt to spin Tim Treadstone " Operation Trump Cup " movement as a protest against Starbucks . [ In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News , Treadstone noted that " the media has twisted the narrative . Here ’s the funny thing . This is a statement , not a protest . "   The # TrumpCup hashtag and ensuing movement has gone viral . " I never said this was a protest , " Treadstone said , taking aim at the mainstream media . " the mainstream media has been doing a hit piece on me ad other Trump supporters . " He Trump , " they ad other Trump supporters up the whole thing about it being a protest . I never said this was a boycott . I never said boycott Starbucks or do n’t shop at Starbucks Starbucks If I was trying to do that , I would n’t go spend my money there . We are not trying to put Starbucks Starbucks of business . That was never my intention . " The entire controversy began when a Starbucks Starbucks in Florida caught video of a barista refusing to write the name " Trump " on his cup . The a barista refusing to write the name "Trump" on his cup even threatened to call the cops on the patron over his request a barista refusing to write the name "Trump" on his cup Starbucks Starbucks call cops on customer for requesting " Trump " name on his coffee cup . pic . twitter .    —    Paul Joseph Watson ( @PrisonPlanet ) November 18 , 2016 ,   " I saw the video on Paul Joseph Watson ’s Twitter account , of the customer asking for ‘ Trump’ to be written on a Starbucks cup . " He said Paul Joseph Watson’s thought Paul Joseph Watson’s himself , Paul Joseph Watson’s that ’s insane . " Treadstone said his dad Treadstone who was visiting from Alaska , gave him the Treadstone of creating the # TrumpCup hashtag . " So I put together a tweet and wrote ‘ Operation Trump Cup is commencing . Go to Starbucks and Starbucks for a cup with Trump written on it and video it to it if they deny you . And if they do they show that off too.’ And boy was I right . " Operation # TrumpCup , 1 ) Go to Starbucks   Starbucks your name they Trump , 2 ) If they refuse take they , Pls share   spread the word pic . twitter .    —    Baked Alaska ( @bakedalaska ) November 18 , 2016 ,   # TrumpCup is now a thing ! https :   .    —    Paul Joseph Watson ( @PrisonPlanet ) November 18 , 2016 ,   Treadstone said he woke up Treadstone next morning to the # TrumpCup hashtag trending on international news and social media . " It went super vial . This was a movement that I had put together to capitalize on the original idea , " which he attributed in Treadstone to Joe Biggs from InfoWars . " Me and Joe had the Joe Biggs idea at the same time without talking to each other , because great minds think alike . " Instead , Treadstone said the movement was a movement that I had put together to capitalize on the original idea," which he attributed in part to Joe Biggs from InfoWars of social experiment and " a fun thing for us to do to raise awareness about support for President Trump and to stand up for the guy who was n’t allowed to have Trump written on his President Trump cup . President Trump ’s to let a movement that I had put together to capitalize on the original idea," which he attributed in part to Joe Biggs from InfoWars world know that we are allowed to us our next president ’s us on a Starbucks cup . " He added that he would consider a He if every single Starbucks location denied patrons Starbucks right to have the name " Trump " written on their cups . " But I doubt every single Starbucks employee or location Starbucks this , " he said . That He the difference between the left and the right . When we make change we have fun and we does n’t have to be negative and have screaming and crying and blocking highways . You can do social media and do things that actually boost the economy . This is going to be a great day for Starbucks and boost their Starbucks . They This an American This and we are supportive of This . If we want Trump written This our cups do n’t This the cops ! Feel free to boycott Starbucks after this . Starbucks Even Kanye wants to # MAGA ! # TrumpCup pic . twitter .    —    Irma Hinojosa 🇺 🇸 ( @latinaafortrump ) November 18 , 2016 ,   Treadstone added , " I ’m just keeping them in check and making it fun along the way . " Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 