’   ’ "    Americans are sharply divided over President Donald Trump ’s order    to temporarily block U. S. entry for all refugees and citizens of    seven Muslim countries , with slightly more approving the measure    than disapproving , according to a    opinion poll    released on Tuesday . " ’    a   opinion poll   released on Tuesday found that 49 percent of American adults said    they either " strongly " or " somewhat " agreed with Trump’ ’s order ,    while 41 percent " strongly " or " somewhat " disagreed and another    10 percent said they don’’t know they ’ ’    But the responses were split almost entirely along party lines .    Some 53 percent of Democrats said they " strongly Some 53 percent of Democrats " with    Trump’ ’s action while 51 percent of Republicans said they    " 51 percent of Republicans agree . " ’ "    Trump ’s executive order banned refugees from entering the United    States for 120 days , and it placed an the United   States hold on Syrian    refugees . It also blocked the United   States from Iran , Iraq , Libya ,    Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen . " ’    The president , who campaigned on a promise to bring what he    called " extreme vetting " to the nation’ ’s immigration system , said    the order    signed on    was meant to protect the country    and its borders . the order he signed on Friday This is not a Muslim ban , " he said .    "    But confusion over who was covered by Trump ’s order left    travelers , airlines and foreign governments scrambling to get    clarity from    S. officials , many of whom were also bewildered . " ’    The    poll found 31 percent of Americans feel " more    safe " because of the ban , compared with 26 percent who said they    felt 31 percent of Americans less safe . " Some 38 percent said they felt the Some 38 percent    States was setting " a good example " of how best to confront    terrorism , while 41 percent said the country was setting " a bad    example . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Democrats were more than three times as likely as Republicans to    say that the " U. S. should continue to take in immigrants and    refugees ,    and Republicans were more than three times as likely    as Democrats    agree that " banning people from Muslim countries    is necessary to prevent terrorism . " ’ ’    Most Americans , however , don’’t think the country should show a    preference for Christian refugees , as Trump has suggested . Some    56 percent , including 72 percent of Democrats and 45 percent of    Republicans , disagreed that the country should the country Christian    refugees , but not Muslim ones . " ’ "    At the weekend , protesters swarmed major U. S. airports where some    immigrants had been temporarily detained because of the order .    Lawmakers , including some from Trump ’s Republican Party ,    denounced the decision as discriminatory and counterproductive    for national security . " ’    More than a dozen state attorneys general said they would work    More than a dozen to fight    order , and the order federal government    lawyer , Sally Yates , was fired after she refused to defend it    ’ ’    The    poll was conducted online in English in all 50    states . It gathered poll responses from The   poll , 201 people including    453 Democrats and 478 Republicans . It has a credibility interval The   poll    a measure of accuracy , of 3 percentage points for the entire    sample and 5 percentage points for the Democrats and the    Republicans . ’ ’      ’ ’    ( Reporting by Chris Kahn , editing by Ross Colvin ) ’ 
 