BATON ROUGE , Louisiana   —    After GOP nominee Donald Trump was the only    figure to visit Louisiana flood victims immediately following unprecedented flooding , the American Red Cross is admitting that getting donations has been tougher than usual . [ The flooding , which has killed 13 people and destroyed more than 60 , 000 homes in the region , received relatively little mainstream media attention until GOP nominee Donald Trump made GOP nominee Donald Trump visit , where GOP nominee Donald Trump donated supplies to victims .   But , the American Red Cross said they ’re the American Red Cross to get donations to help rebuild the area . " The Red the American Red Cross approximately $ 7 . 8 million in donations and pledges designated to support Louisiana   —    not nearly enough to cover our costs of at the American Red Cross an estimated $ 30 million , " the Red Cross said the American Red Cross to NBC . " The needs of the people of Louisiana are great , and we Louisiana the public to please donate as generously as they can . " Over 106 The needs of the people of Louisiana 000 residents have already registered to receive federal aid , as state officials said they have already distributed $ 20 state officials for disaster relief . The news of     donations for flood victims through the Red Cross comes just as the American Red Cross the state after being widely criticized for not cutting his Martha ’s Vineyard vacation short last week President Obama Obama made the visit to the state after President Obama John Bel Edwards ( the state requested that he travel to the region to tour the damage Gov. John Bel Edwards (D) the flooding . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has nonetheless refused to schedule a visit to the state , saying that she does not want the state disrupt " the    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . Clinton traveled , instead , to Martha ’s Vineyard to Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton her husband , former President Bill Clinton ’s birthday while Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Obama ’s Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton the swanky vacation spot . Trump called Obama ’s visit to the state " too little , too late , Obama the state Twitter post , saying that he should have visited the region immediately following the devastation , as he did Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 