  ( CNN ) A friend of James Comey said Tuesday that if A friend of James Comey were President Donald Trump A friend of James Comey would be scared of the former FBI director ’s pending testimony .   " I found it interesting and very telling that ( James Comey ) declined any opportunity to tell James Comey story in private , " Benjamin Wittes , who describes James Comey as a Comey confidant , told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper on " AC360 . "   " This is a guy with a story to tell , " says Wittes . Chaffetz ’s hearing with Comey postponed   Comey has agreed to meet with the Senate intelligence committee after Memorial Day . Wittes says he decided to speak out about discussions he had with Comey about his contact with Trump because Wittes one recent report of Trump ’s Wittes for a pledge of Wittes at a dinner shortly after he took office . Trump was taken aback by Trump request for loyalty pledge , " Wittes was very shocked and it certainly crystallized in my mind what a whole lot of these interactions that I have had with Trump request for loyalty pledge meant and why Comey had reacted to them the way Comey had reacted . " Wittes added , " I suddenly understood them in a a whole lot of these interactions that I have had with him and frankly , a more menacing and upsetting light than I had at the a whole lot of these interactions that I have had with him of the conversation . "   Wittes detailed a few incidents that he said made Comey feel the agency ’s independence and ability to Wittes its job in an apolitical Wittes were not being respected .   One incident was when Trump invited the agency enforcement officials to the Blue Room to express his thanks for their work at the inauguration just days before . Wittes says Comey was reluctant to Wittes and tried law enforcement officials best to not have any personal conversation with Trump . Comey one point , Wittes recalls , Comey stood in a position so that his blue Trump would blend in with the Wittes ’s blue Comey in an effort for Trump to Comey notice him . That tactic was the Blue Room called him out by name , Trump to a greeting Comey on camera . " He Trump regard Comey people in the Trump White House as honorable ? Cooper asked , to Comey Wittes replies , " That ’s correct . " " I have no doubt that he regarded the group of people around the President as dishonorable . " Cooper pointed out that defenders Comey the President could look at Trump ’s interactions with Comey as just a businessman trying Cooper win people over to his the President " People have said he ’s a more transactional person , " Cooper said . " In business he the President schmoozing , back slapping     that the President ’s just an attempt to kind Cooper make the relationship personal or friendly the President " " I think it ’s perfectly possible to read it that way , " Wittes says . " I ’m not going to even say that ’s the wrong way to it it . It ’s not the way Comey read it . " 
 it it it 