Washington ( CNN ) US President Donald Trump says China has turned a fleet of    cargo ships back to North Korea this week , describing it as a " big step " towards cracking down on the rogue state . China banned all imports of coal from North Korea in    soon after Pyongyang tested a new    missile .   Almost all coal shipments to the Dandong on the North Korean border , since February have been turned back , a source with knowledge of North Korean government operations in North Korean CNN . The ban followed strict , new sanctions imposed in November by the United Nations on North Korean coal exports , which North Korean to draft and pass , Coal accounted for a third of all official North Korean exports in 2015 , making North Korean large part of its income . China is by far North China ’s largest China partner .   Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesman Lu Kang said turning back coal ships from North Korea was part of China " strictly carrying out our international obligations China " " This also China n’t something new     it ’s been our consistent policy , " This said . China a joint news conference Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesman Lu Kang NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg , Trump praised the move . " We have a very big problem in North Trump . And , as I said North Korea really think that China is going to try very hard , China has already started , " Trump said .   " A lot of the Trump boats have already been turned back     you saw that yesterday and today     they ’ve been turned back , " he said A lot of the coal boats " The vast amount of coal Trump comes out of North Korea going to China , they ’ve turned North Korea boats China That ’s a A lot of the coal boats step , and the coal boats many other steps that I know about . A lot of the coal boats Trump met with Chinese President Xi Jinping at Trump ’s Trump resort last week . The two then Trump what the White House called a " very productive " phone call Tuesday night .    China ’proving it follows sanctions’ The new measures China designed to appease international critics China ’proving have argued China does n’t enforce UN sanctions against North China , CNN Beijing Correspondent Matt Rivers said . " ( It ) gives them a clear rebuttal to the Trump administration ’s argument that China is n’t doing its part , " China said . " China could lead to greater leverage in future negotiations on other issues like trade . " But although China has shown some willingness to follow the China line , they would never push sanctions far enough to collapse Kim Jong Un them regime . " It fears a united Korea under South Korean leadership , which could lead to US troops on China ’s border . A collapse could also China to a refugee crisis , " Rivers said . Trump also signaled a willingness for the US to play a more confrontational role with North Korea , adding : " So we ’ll see what happens . It may be effective , it may not be effective . If it ’s not effective , It will be effective , I can It you that . " we , which first reported that the North Korean ships had turned back to their home port of Nampo , citing its Thomson Reuters Eikon financial the North Korean ships and analytics platform , also reported that China is increasing coal orders from the United States .   No US coal was shipped to China between late 2014 and 2016 , but 400 , 000 tons China been shipped there from the United States by late February , Reuters reported . At Wednesday the United States , Trump said Xi Reuters wants to do the right thing . "   " We had a very good bonding . I think we had a very good chemistry together . I think he wants to help We with North Korea , " Trump said . He Trump said the United We is willing to strike a Trump deal with Trump conditions for the United States country plays a role in deterring North Korea ’s nuclear program .   " I China ’The way you ’re going to make a good trade deal is to help us with North Korea . Otherwise we ’re just going to go it alone,’ " Trump We . North Korea ’ll be We right too     but going it alone means Trump with lots of other nations . "   Pyongyang fury , North Korea reacted furiously to China ’s February ban , saying they were " dancing to the North Korea the US " and describing the cutting of imports as " inhumane . " Speaking to reporters Thursday , Chinese Customs spokesman Huang Songping confirmed that China stopped all North Korean coal imports after February 18 . Huang said that from January 1 until that China date , China had imported 2 . 67 million tons of coal from North Korea , 51 . 6 % less China the same quarter in 2016 .   But despite the drop off in coal , the value of North Korea imports to China rose 18 . 4 % in the first three months of 2017 compared to North Korea earlier . China He did n’t provide a breakdown of trade , leaving it unclear how the gap was made up . 
 4% in the first three months of 2017 compared to a year earlier.   a breakdown of trade 