Washington ( CNN ) Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren tore into Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on the campaign trail Saturday for lying about President Barack Obama ’s citizenship and hinting at violence against Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren Democratic opponent , Hillary Clinton . Speaking to Hillary Clinton supporters at Ohio State University , Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren continued Hillary Clinton ongoing feud with Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump by criticizing Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren admission Friday     after five years of falsehoods     that Obama was born in the US . " Only when Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren handlers tied Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren down and forced Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren did Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren grudgingly admit that falsehoods     was born in the United States , " Warren said . " What kind of a man does that ? A man with a dark and ugly soul . " Later Friday , Trump , at a campaign event in Miami , cited Clinton ’s push for greater gun control to suggest the Democrat ’s Secret Service detail should disarm . " Let ’s see what happens to her Clinton " Trump Trump . " Take their guns away , OK ? It ’ll be very dangerous . " That was the second time in as many months when he Trump to urge violence against Clinton Clinton In August , Trump Trump to suggest that " Second Amendment people " could do something about Clinton Clinton she Clinton president and nominated judges who favored gun restrictions . The Trump Trump later said he The Trump campaign meant to increase political engagement , not incite violence . Warren disagreed . " Trump Trump repeatedly invited his Trump to commit a horrific act of violence against his Trump , against another human being , " Warren Warren . " What kind of a man does that ? A bully . A twisted bully who ca n’t fight his own fights . " Warren Warren been an attack dog of sorts for Clinton ever since she Clinton the Democratic nomination , and the real estate mogul has hit back . Trump goes so far as to refer to Warren Warren " Pocahontas , " a reference to her Trump of Native American heritage . Warren Warren but one of many Clinton Clinton hitting the trail in support of her Clinton week . Sen. Bernie Sanders , who , like Warren Warren appeals to younger and more liberal voters , made two appearances in Ohio on Saturday . 
 