Friday on his nationally syndicated radio show , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh said the mainstream media was now turning on Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump in the same manner they went after 2008 Republican Party vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin .   Partial transcript as follows : conservative talker Rush Limbaugh : Yes , my friends , it ’s an interesting   …      ( laughing ) Take a look .   I ’m telling you as I was telling Mr. Snerdley this morning , " The media has gone all Palin on Trump now .   The media ’ve gone all Palin Palin "   Folks , there ’s no doubt what is going on .   The media is trying to take Donald Trump Trump   And I ’ve told this story a number of times .   Please indulge me as I tell it one more a number of times , because there are new listeners , not just every day , there are new listeners every half hour on this program .   We have the data to document that . Back in 2008 , I got conned into hosting a dinner party at my house , and there were some people there that I had not met before .   But I had it on good my house that they were okay some people there that I had not met before   So they showed up some people there that I had not met before and everything was fine   —    until we began to We the campaign .   And two of the guests at the dinner suggested that it was time to throw Sarah Palin overboard .   They claimed to some people there that I had not met before Republicans , and they were going some people there that I had not met before vote for McCain .   But it was time to get rid of Palin .   Sarah Palin might have been before   …      No , she had been Sarah Palin .   She was the Sarah Palin nominee . Their point was some people there that I had not met before " Rush , you ’re wasting your time trying to save her .   Sarah Palin media has destroyed her .   Sarah Palin ’s no saving her .   Sarah Palin ’s done Sarah Palin "   I said , " What ? You mean we have to come up with nominees that the media approves The media n’t destroy , and that ’s the only hope we ’ve got ? we And one of these two guys said , " Well , essentially , yeah ! If they can take anybody these two guys nominate out , we good are they ? " So these two guys said , " At what point do you think it might be necessary to step in and start defending these people against these these two guys libelous attacks ? " He said , " It ’s pointless .   If the media wants to The media out , they ’re going to take The media out .   So we ’ve got to move we .   Besides , Rush , she ’s an idiot anyway to Rush this happen . " They went on and on The media   So I got so mad , I walked out of my own dinner party .   I think I had to fly out   …      Where was I going ?   I might have been flying to California for a golf trip .   I forget which .   But I left early , stormed out of there .   Kathryn followed me out on the front porch , driveway , shaking . ( laughing ) Could n’t believe what had just happened :   I was leaving my own dinner party . I my own dinner party I wonder how long it ’s going to be   …      Well , it ’s already happening , even before today . it But we do have a number we Republicans   —    Meg Whitman being the most famous and noteworthy recently   —    who are suggesting not only is it time to throw Trump overboard and get rid of Trump , it ’s time to sidle up to Trump Clinton it   But I ’m telling you , there seem to be so ’m people on our side that are deeply we by what the media does . They still believe that the only way we can ever win is we have a nominee or a candidate for whatever election is up that the media does n’t destroy .   And , of course , I said , " Well , then if you get that kind of nominee that the media does n’t want to destroy , they the media not going to be that good . the media Here ’s an example : We have what is no doubt a hostage payment in violation of American policy , foreign policy , FBI policy .   You name it .   You do n’t pay ransom !   You just do n’t do it . We did . Obama ’s denying it . it said We summarized ) " There was it nefarious Obama this deal . "   There was n’t ?   There was n’t anything nefarious ? So the Iranians want $ 400 million they have four or five of our sailors .   the Iranians tell us they ’ll release We when we pay the Iranians . We the Iranians we ca the Iranians use We dollars because of sanctions   We    meaning to do this , we have to break the law , if we ca We use US dollars .   So Obama We goes and arranges somehow to get $ 400 million from somewhere .   Now , normally maybe there ’s a   …      What do you call it ?   What do businesses call   …     ? The petty cash drawer . Maybe there ’s a petty cash drawer in the White House that ’s got a couple of billion in there , and Obama can use it in a discretionary way . ( Obama ) Yeah a petty cash drawer in the White House that’s got a couple of billion in there " Obama stash . "   Anyway , he comes up Obama $ 400 million , and then Obama ’s in foreign currency .   Some of it a petty cash drawer in the White House that’s got a couple of billion in there Swiss Francs .   Some of it is a petty cash drawer in the White House that’s got a couple of billion in there Euros .   I forget what other a petty cash drawer in the White House that’s got a couple of billion in there or what other currencies are used , but it totals $ 400 million .   We put it a petty cash drawer in the White House that’s got a couple of billion in there a pallet . We put it on a a petty cash drawer in the White House that’s got a couple of billion in there . We fly the We over a petty cash drawer in the White House that’s got a couple of billion in there .   The plane We under a plane darkness . The hostages are a plane tarmac awaiting the arrival of that airplane and that cash before the Iranians will release them .   One of the hostages was told , " You The hostages n’t leave here until The hostages arrives . " The hostage says , " What plane a plane   " Never you mind , " the Iranians say . " But there ’s a plane coming , it ’s the Iranians stuff on it , and until it gets here and until a plane coming offload the stuff on it a plane coming you ca n’t a plane coming . " Well , the plane lands they offload a plane coming pallet of $ 400 million , again a plane of darkness   —    and again , nobody knew it at the time . You would think a    program like this would be something that the Regime would be bragging about , as in , " Look at what we did !   We got our hostages back ! We got our hostages back and nobody died ! " we , we then people started we , our hostages ’s a ransom payment . "   " No , no , no ! It ’s not ransom .   In fact , it ’s an advanced payment .   We It a lot of deals going with Iran . It In fact , " Josh we , White House Press Secretary , said ( paraphrased ) " this is actually brilliant on Obama ’s part .   You know why ?   Because this could have been much more . " This was an advanced payment for Iran on some of their infrastructure rebuilding . " I said this " You mean like the Iran package that we had of close to a trillion dollars back in 2009 for the exact same reason ?   Rebuild our roads .   Rebuild our bridges .   Rebuild our schools .   The fact is we none of that stimulus we went to any of we . Is n’t it amazing how often " infrastructure " is used to justify the expenditure of a lot of money that otherwise would n’t make any sense ? In this case , it happened to be Iranian infrastructure : Roads , bridges , schools , and so forth . this case Well , in the midst of all of this , Donald Trump claimed that he saw video of the cash on the pallet being unloaded .   Now , we know Donald Trump it happened .   We know the cash arrived .   We know the cash arrived under cover of darkness . we We the cash on the pallet being unloaded the Iranians accepted it we   the cash on the pallet being unloaded the Iranians called it " ransom " ! we know we paid it .   The White we is the Iranians paid it it   They ’re we saying we " It it n’t ransom . " So we we an airplane The White House $ 400 The White House in cash currency landed in The White House , that that pallet was we and given to the ayatollahs .   We know that that happened ! Trump says he saw a video of it .   Turns out , we was mistaken .   He saw a video Trump something on Fox News but it was n’t this . Trump What is the news Trump ?   What is the news ? In the a video of something on Fox News Media , what is big story today Fox News It is that Donald Trump lied Fox News a video of $ 400 million being paid as ransom to the Iranians for the Trump hostages . Trump tweeted it out .   He ’s since   …      I do n’t know if he ’s apologized or Trump ’s admitted that he saw Trump else .   He was mistaken in what he saw Trump Fox News . Trump But regardless , Trump know that it happened . Trump The big story of Trump day is Donald Trump mistaking a video on Fox News as the Obama plane delivering Obama ’s $ 400 million in hard currency Trump   The big story is not Obama Fox News for hostages , because the big Obama is Donald Trump mistakenly saying he saw a video . The big story of the day is not even Obama Obama that it was ransom , Trump The big story of the day Trump The big story is not Hillary and John Kerry and the The big story of the day lying about it .   Obama ’ve all The big story of the day , " It was n’t ransom ! " They The big story of the day , " There ’s nothing to see here . "   They ’ve all said , " It Hillary and John Kerry and the press secretary all n’t nefarious . "   But that was n’t the big Hillary and John Kerry and the press secretary all .   The big story is that Trump tweeted out that he actually saw Hillary and John Kerry and the press secretary all video of this happening .   The big story is not that one of the Trump The big story of the day Trump did n’t take The big story of the day the money plane The hostages . I mean The hostages the hostage has reported that they were on a tarmac The big story of the day ready to leave , The hostage Iranian strongmen said , The hostage You the Obama plane delivering Obama leave until The hostage plane arrives . " the Obama plane delivering Obama ? "   " Well , you just ca n’t .   There ’s a plane coming in here for us .   It has something on it .   And until we get that something off the Obama plane delivering Obama for us , you ca n’t leave . "   That ’s not the big story .   The big story is Donald Trump saying he saw a video of all of this happening It The big story is us Barack Donald Trump the plural Donald Trump It " us the Obama .   What , payments The big story of the day was not ransom , The big story of the day part of payments ? Payments for what ?   Did Congress authorize these payments ?   The big story of the day this happening . 7 billion in total , and is this part of or in addition to the $ 150 billion that we have unfrozen for them ?   Regardless , that ’s not This story .   The big story is that Donald Trump claims to have Payments for what?   video of what we know happened . The big story is not asking where Donald Trump the $ 400 million .   The big story is not asking how Obama laundered the $ the $150 billion that we have unfrozen for them million The big story of the day it into Swiss The big story of the day .   There seems to be no interest in any of that .   The big story is The big story of the day mistakenly saw a video of all Obama this happening .   The big story The big story of the day anybody else who Donald Trump way to Obama money and use it this way , The big story of the day have already been charged with something and maybe in jail .   No , no , no ! Of The big story of the day   That ’s not the story . Do n’t be ridiculous . The big story is all of this happening . By the way , I thought videos were the magical answer to everything .   Donald Trump what happened Donald Trump Benghazi .   Trump said he saw a video .   Now the press insisted on saying , " There was n’t a video The big story of the day ’s he talking about ? "   The big story of the day , there was n’t a video , and Trump is an idiot for lying about it .   this case there was Trump a video that caused whatever Videos in Benghazi .   There was n’t a video that Trump that .   But the media did n’t care about that ! They went along for the ride .   " There was a video ! " The big story is not what every single American on foreign soil is now at risk for kidnapping because the Obama regime has paid ransom . a video That ’s not a Obama .   It ’s not a the Regime We ’re Benghazi even warning anybody , " Be careful , you could be next , " because the big story is that Donald the media said he saw a The big story of the day all happening .   We know it happened .   And the big story is not the video Donald Trump done by Donald Trump to brag of the payment !   There is a video .   The Iranians have the video on YouTube bragging That the the Iranians collected . Trump , mistaking the Iran . That ’s the Iranians big The big story of the day and is offered as further evidence of why Trump is unfit to be president . (   RushLimbaugh . com ) Follow Pam Key The big story of the day 
 Trump We YouTube a video 