Tonight in his speech at University of South Florida , MILO dropped a number of killer Clinton roasts . Here are a few of the best . [   " Imagine the poor liberal feminists who think Hillary will represent the poor liberal feminists who think Hillary will represent them in office in office . the poor liberal feminists who think Hillary will represent them in office ’d show up for a rape symposium at the White House and find topics like " No one will believe that slut , right ? " and " Managing bimbo eruptions . " When asked " When will we find out what Clinton thinks of her Clinton ? " MILO replied with : " Well I do n’t know think we know who her her dad . " " Late breaking news from the FBI , by the way . Hillary ’s special podium has been given immunity . No word what it will testify about yet .   Not a replacement for Obamacare , just a massive bureaucracy designed to administer her own Hillary health needs . " " It ’s no mystery why Hillary is Hillary fond of putting women in burkas , given Bill ’s wandering eyes and hands . " " There ’s no safe space for those who embarrass the Clintons ! Except perhaps the witness protection program . Or an urn . " " The good news is , the debate rules favor Trump . Hillary has Hillary stand for the whole thing ! No phoning a friend . Does anyone know the dialling code for Hell ? "   " Assange promises an October Surprise , and I assume that does n’t mean Hillary losing Hillary of her bowels Hillary a speech . " " A handy tip for Hillary   …      if you start giving speeches to groups of midgets , when the press describes a " small crowd " you can just call them bigots a "small crowd" " " That ’s right , even I , a fag from Britain just stopping by the States to remind y’ all not to be crazy this November   —    I attract crowds five times the size of Hillary ’s Hillary   " " I think Americans are smart enough not to vote for a    White House , and that ’s before we even Americans onto the subject of the Supreme Court . " 
 