  ( CNN ) A     girl on her way to school wailed as immigration agents took A    girl on her way to school handcuffed father away in a black car .   US Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents pulled Romulo   ’s vehicle over Tuesday about a half mile from a school where the undocumented immigrant from Mexico had just dropped off one of Romulo   daughters . The dad , 48 , was driving Fatima to another school in the northeast Los Angeles neighborhood of Highland Park when ICE stopped The dad, 48 . Left behind in the car with her mother Fatima Fatima wept inconsolably as she captured Fatima of her father Fatima detention . Rosary beads hung from the rearview mirror . A    cross rested on the dashboard . " I was scared and sad at the same time , " Fatima , Fatima holding the cellphone on which she took Fatima video , told CNN Friday . " I never thought I would have to experience something like this in my life . .. on my way to school . "   Since President Donald Trump ’s inauguration , scores of unauthorized immigrants have been detained and deported under his administration President Donald Trump    immigration stand . " We knew immigration stand day was going to come . .. especially with the election , " said Avelica ’s     daughter Jocelyn . " We just immigration stand n’t prepared . .. We thought immigration stand we do immigration stand talk about ,   it ’s not going to happen . " When the family did talk about the possibility of an immigration arrest , the stress and sadness forced them to the family change the subject , she said Avelica’s    daughter Jocelyn Her father Avelica’s    daughter Jocelyn the girls to school every morning before going to work at a restaurant .    Fatima ’s Avelica’s    daughter Jocelyn and plaintive cry offer one of the first    looks at the human toll of those policies . Fatima said Avelica’s    daughter Jocelyn father Her father wife and Her father that his car was Her father followed by immigration agents in an unmarked car . She thought Avelica’s    daughter Jocelyn was the police .   When the agents handcuffed immigration agents Avelica’s    daughter Jocelyn Her father Avelica’s    daughter Jocelyn mother Avelica’s    daughter Jocelyn her to Avelica’s    daughter Jocelyn what was happening . Before he was taken to the   unmarked car , Avelica told her " Avelica’s    daughter Jocelyn relax and be strong . "   ICE said in a statement that Avelica was arrested because he Avelica " multiple prior Avelica convictions , including a DUI in 2009 , as well an outstanding order of removal dating back to 2014 . " The ICE statement said members of ICE Los    fugitive operations team conducted surveillance to confirm Avelica ’s identity before arresting Avelica a charter school . Avelica’s identity Avelica , a father of four , had lived in the United States for more than 25 years , according to a statement from Emi MacLean , an attorney for National Day Laborer Organizing Network . The statement said Avelica was picked a statement from Emi MacLean, an attorney for National Day Laborer Organizing Network block Avelica his daughter ’s school .     Avelica Mireles , executive director of the charter school Academia Avance , told CNN affiliate    in Los Angeles that Avelica ’s DUI conviction occurred nearly Avelica ago and another    with the law came 20 years ago after Avelica said he unknowingly purchased a car Avelica an Avelica registration sticker .   " I think the impacts are going to come in terms of , ’Hey , how do we pay the rent ? And how do we move forward?’ " Mireles said . " we want to be able to find resources we help this family go through this process . " Jocelyn said her father is a good man .   Jocelyn I know he is not a criminal , " she her father . " I ’ve always said Jocelyn all do things that we learn from . .. He is our we all , a hard worker her father an we all man . "   The ICE statement Friday said Avelica was still in custody .   On Tuesday morning , one of Fatima ’s sisters took her to school . She does n’t like Fatima’s sisters miss classes . Fatima’s sisters was comforted by her teachers , she Fatima .   Immigration Fatima’s sisters activists have Fatima’s sisters Trump ’s policy of targeting most of the unauthorized immigrants as opposed to the Obama administration ’s focus on violent offenders .    On Wednesday , Daniela Vargas , 22 , was arrested after sharing her family ’s story     including the arrests of her father and brother last month by ICE her     during a news conference in Jackson , Mississippi . Moments before ICE picked her up , Vargas spoke out publicly for her people who , like herself , were brought to the United States her as children but later qualified for a temporary reprieve from deportation under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program , known as DACA . Recipients often are called DREAMers , a reference to the DREAM Act , which if approved by Congress would give DACA participants permanent legal status . 
 