Theodore Roosevelt Spells Out the Two Republican Traditions : Cloth Coat and Fur Coat[Second of Three Parts ,   by Virgil , with Theodore Roosevelt , In Part One of this series , I described the curious partisan inversion that has occurred in the wake of the proposed    Warner deal : Donald Trump has come out against the proposed   Warner deal , and Hillary Clinton appears to be , quietly in favor of the proposed   Warner deal .   In other words , the Republican presidential nominee , representing the supposed party of big business , is now on the " " side , while the Democratic presidential nominee , representing the supposed party of ordinary working people , is seemingly on the " " side .   To help me wrestle with the implications of this improbable flip , I , ghost that I am , have turned to another ghost .   Namely , the shade of Theodore Roosevelt , America ’s 26th president , serving from 1901 to 1909 .    In his day , Roosevelt —   like Trump , a rich New York    Protestant —   was also an improbable figure .   He was a war hero , a    appointee in two Republican administrations , and was also , in 1898 , elected governor of New York State .   Yet even so , he was out He step with many , perhaps most , of his fellow Republicans He key issues —   in particular , business regulation .   Notably , TR was a critic of the Republican    attitude toward business abuses .   And , not to put too fine a point on it , he viewed orthodox He as retrograde and reactionary , hopelessly outmoded in an era of rapidly swelling national needs .      Roosevelt was elected to the vice presidency in 1900 , and while that was certainly an honor for him , it He also seen , by New York ’s Republican political bosses , as a clever way of getting him out of He —   and out of their hair . New York’s Republican political bosses Nobody foresaw that President William McKinley would be assassinated in September 1901 , thus elevating TR to the presidency .   In office , one of President Roosevelt ’s trademarks was his association with President Roosevelt’s trustbusting " —   that is , antitrust enforcement , which was seen as a necessary response to the corporate behemoths that had grown to dominance in the mostly unregulated 19th century .   Indeed , it was common to see political cartoons of TR as a muscular trustbuster , personally battling piratical tycoons .   And while Roosevelt passed from President Roosevelt’s ’s mortal coil in 1919 , happily for me , he still pays President Roosevelt’s attention to the news .     So amidst the rolling mists of Eternity , as Breitbart ’s most roving of roving correspondents , I was pleased to score an exclusive interview with The Colonel .   ( Yes , he liked to President Roosevelt’s called that , because , of all the many things he did in President Roosevelt’s life , President Roosevelt’s was most President Roosevelt’s of his service with President Roosevelt’s First US Volunteer Cavalry Regiment —   a unit he had formed President Roosevelt’s   in Cuba during the    War .   His daring 1898 President Roosevelt’s up San Juan Hill in broad daylight , against the entrenched Spanish infantry , ultimately earned him a Congressional President Roosevelt’s of Honor . )   So what follows is a transcript of my interview with Roosevelt :   Virgil : Mr. President , Colonel , thanks for taking time to speak with me . Theodore Roosevelt : Roosevelt enough with the formal folderol , Virgil !   Or else I ’ll start calling you " Publius Vergilius Mero . "   So please , just call me " Theodore . "   V : Okay .   You prefer " Theodore , " not "Theodore Teddy " ?    TR : Yes . . . I have n’t liked " Teddy " for a Teddy time .   [ Virgil has since learned Virgil Roosevelt ’s first wife Roosevelt Alice , had called him " Teddy " Virgil she died in 1884 , he did n’t wish Virgil hear that nickname any more . ] V : Got it .   Well that nickname any more uh , in any case , the subject at hand is big corporations and their combinations .   hand I ’ll get right to it : What do you think of ATT ’s pending purchase of Time Warner ?   I mean , as a famous trustbuster , you always had an unorthodox view of antitrust for a Republican .   So now , do you agree with Donald Trump ? TR : Actually , skepticism about big corporations and their doings is not quite so unorthodox for Republicans as you might think .   I was always , I would say , part of a strong tradition within the Party .   Since its inception in 1854 the Party there has always been that tradition of skepticism about big business among many Republicans .   V : Gee , I had n’t known that .   TR : Yes . The Grand Old Party , when it was , in fact , the Grand New Party , got its start on Main The Grand Old Party , in Ripon , Wisconsin , to be precise , back in 1854 .   To be sure , others claim that honor for another small town , Jackson , Michigan .    Yet either way , Ripon or Jackson , the Republican Party most the Grand New Party start among the farmers , the Grand New Party laborers , and merchants of the Midwest , not on Wall Street .   To put it another way , the GOP was the    party , at a the Grand New Party Democratic Party —   which had its the Grand New Party , going back to Andrew Jackson the Grand New Party   had been taken over by the Southern plantation slaveowners . V : Hmm .   I had always thought of the Republicans as the party of    railroad tycoons . TR : Yes the Grand New Party .   Oh sure , the railroads were a big factor .   Particularly in the North , which had industrialized sooner than the South , the railroads were akin to what Silicon Valley is today —   the vital infrastructure the railroads age , as well as an economic locomotive , if you ’ll pardon the wordplay . And yet precisely because the railroads were so huge , they had a massive influence on both parties .   the railroads Vanderbilt , owner of a the railroads big railroads , wanted to take control of the New York State legislature and use it for his personal gain , he just showed up in Albany with a trunk full of control of the New York State legislature , doling it out to his would do his bidding , regardless of partisan label .   And that control of the New York State legislature true across the country . his Yet even so , as often as not , the early Republicans were true to their roots among the workingmen , even if that conflicted with the interests of the railroadmen . the early Republicans For example , here are the words of the first Republican president , Abraham Lincoln , in his message to Congress , December 3 , 1861 .   As you can see , Honest the first Republican president, Abraham Lincoln was explicit about the greater importance of labor over capital : Labor is prior to and independent of capital . Capital is only the fruit of labor , and could never have existed if labor had not first existed .   Labor is the superior of capital , and deserves much the higher consideration .   V : Labor . TR :   Now it ’s worth pointing out that Lincoln actually had been a lawyer for the railroads back in Illinois in the 1850s .   Moreover , by his own bootstrapping nature , he was a strong believer in private property and free enterprise .   However , he saw his crucial : There had to be a balance between capital and labor , and his government —   hopefully , a Republican government —   had to calibrate that balance , always making sure that the interests of workers and small landholders were protected . a balance between capital and labor idea of balance held true for labor relations , such as they were , and it held true , also , for the general management of the economy , such imports and foreign Lincoln’s idea of balance .   Interestingly , the most influential American economist of the 19th century was a man who was a believer in capitalism and property , but at the same time , a staunch opponent of unregulated   . V : Who was that ?   TR : Henry C. Carey .   He ’s a man forgotten today , but his 1851 magnum opus , The Harmony of Interests : Henry C. Carey.   , Manufacturing , and Commercial communicates its Henry C. Carey.   in its title : A happy country needs rules and guidelines that keep all sectors in Manufacturing, and Commercial .   Manufacturing, and Commercial other words , rules .   Carey was a conservative , ideologically , but at the same time , he could see the necessity Henry C. Carey.   governmental action to preserve equilibrium .    You see , unlike today Henry C. Carey.   when many Republicans regard the free market as the solution for everything , back then , Republicans thought more about social harmonies .   That is , they were conservatives .   After all , the hallmark of conservatism has been its reverence for such Republicans concepts and institutions as culture , tradition , and church .   By the hallmark of conservatism , those who bow down to the market , only , inevitably see everything as being for sale —   the only issue is the free market .   And that ’s a very different concept .     V : Interesting .   And yet today ’s " conservatives " mostly pride themselves on their devotion to the free market . TR : Those TR are devoted to the free market —   themselves God , the free market family —   are really libertarians , not conservatives . the free market , they are the followers of a liberal tradition they want to liberalize and liberate things —   everything .    V : Really Those who are devoted to the free market —  above God, country, and family —     I had n’t thought of it Those who are devoted to the free market —  above God, country, and family —   way .    TR : Yes , TR ’s a recent phrase , coined by an avowed libertarian at the Cato Institute , seeking to instantiate this ultimate unity : He has called this synthesis " liberaltarian . "   V : Fascinating .   TR : So back TR Lincoln .   a recent phrase, coined by an avowed libertarian at the Cato Institute, seeking to instantiate this ultimate unity was an emancipator , for sure , but was always mostly a conservative Lincoln   As an aside , I ’ll note a recent phrase, coined by an avowed libertarian at the Cato Institute, seeking to instantiate this ultimate unity in his first inaugural address , Lincoln offered an extended hymn to our sacred union .   It was a strictly conservative peroration Lincoln a recent phrase, coined by an avowed libertarian at the Cato Institute, seeking to instantiate this ultimate unity celebration of    values it had nothing at all to the Union forces .   Have a listen :   The mystic chords of memory , stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land , will yet swell the chorus of the Union , when again touched , as surely they will be , by the better angels of our nature . V : I see , good point .   TR : Okay , TR now , more on Lincoln ’s conservative economics , which were , always , focused on balance and harmony .   Lincoln Lincoln’s praised labor and described it as " prior " to capital , he was also eager to make room for capital , too .   In that same 1861 speech to Congress , he said : Capital has he rights , which are as worthy of protection as any other rights .   Nor is it denied that there he , and probably always Capital be , a relation between labor and capital producing mutual benefits .   Again , that ’s the point : mutual benefits —   harmony .   His goal , and the goal of all conservatives , is actually to have no class warfare and no civil war .   V : Although he of course , tragically , America got both . TR : Yes , TR were tumultuous times .   But Lincoln and the Republicans , I am proud to say , managed to steer the ship of Lincoln those stormy seas to safe harbor .   V : Okay , that ’s an interesting history lesson .   So what about antitrust ?    TR : My dear TR , you asked me a question , and I am answering it .   Give me time !   V : Yes , sir .   TR : As the TR century moved along , it became apparent a question more had to be done to curb the power of what was becoming Big Business .   That is , not just the railroads , but all the corporate " trusts , " as we called them back then . And once again , in formulating the national response , it was Republicans who took the lead .   The Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 was authored by Sen. John Sherman of Ohio , a Republican . V : The brother of William Tecumseh Sherman , the Union general in the Civil War ?   TR : Yes , TR so . They were both good men .   And the Sherman Act , I might add , was signed into law by a Republican president , Benjamin Harrison .   V : So you ’re saying The Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 a Republican cause ?   TR : At times TR it has been , and then , at times , not .   To borrow the phrase from the poet Walt Whitman , the Republican Party , like the Democratic Party , " contains multitudes . "    the Grand New Party , in this historical the Grand New Party ’s now skip ahead a few years , to 1896 .   In that year , we saw the election of a great man , William McKinley . V : Hmm .   If you say so .   Is n’t McKinley , the 25th president , remembered as a tool of big business , a puppet in the hands of his    the industrial magnate Mark Hanna ?   TR : Yes , TR , that is the way President McKinley is remembered , and it ’s neither a fair nor accurate memory .   He was in reality a talented fellow , who , when young , was forced by financial exigency to drop out of college he then worked as a postal clerk and schoolteacher before President McKinley as a private in the Union Army in 1861 .   And after four years of bloody combat , he had risen President McKinley the rank of major . Later he was elected to Congress from Ohio , and then , in ’96 , to the presidency .   And , once in President McKinley White House , President McKinley was then kind enough President McKinley select Congress as his running Ohio in 1900 when he sought   .   V : And after the    ticket was victorious , he was President McKinley   TR : Yes , he died on September President McKinley , 1901 it was a President McKinley tragedy .   As I TR to Congress after his death , " He President McKinley the most widely loved man in all the President McKinley States " —   except of course , by one evil anarchist , Leon Congress , whom we nowadays President McKinley call a " President McKinley . "   Moreover , in paying tribute to my boss and my friend , I reminded my audience that he was no economic royalist but , rather , a true    Republican :   President McKinley was a man of moderate means , a man whose stock sprang from the sturdy tillers of President McKinley soil , who had himself belonged among the   .   V : Okay President McKinley ’ve convinced me : There were plenty of lunchpail Republicans back then .   So how did this image of the Republicans as President McKinley party of plutocracy get the Republicans   Has it all been media bias ?    TR : the Republicans said , Main Street Republicanism was one strand of the Party .   Another strand was Big Business and Wall Street Republicanism TR    And within the GOP the Grand New Party big shots , too , had their champions , such as the dreadful Sen. Nelson Aldrich of Rhode Island , whose daughter married John D. Rockefeller , Jr.   Aldrich was a reactionary , or , as I liked to call him and his the GOP , a " malefactor of great wealth . "   V : So there were two Republican parties , or    or factions .    TR : Yes . I was astride one , Aldrich Aldrich Aldrich astride the other .   And we fought like the dickens .   When I TR a young man , back in the 1880s ,   the reactionary faction was known as the " Stalwarts , Aldrich and as for the progressive faction , we were called " . "   V : I guess " " is too politically incorrect for this era . TR : Yes , I suppose so .   But by any terminological dichotomy —   Main we vs. Wall Street , mossback vs. reformer , conservative TR progressive —   the split has been real and ongoing , stretching out as it has   a     .   Both sides have had their victories and their defeats .   From my vantage point in the Oval Office —   that was a structure , by the way , that the split added to the White House , as part of the Both sides Wing , Both sides 1902 —   I could see that the rising tide of discontent had to be dealt with in a constructive manner .    You see , William Jennings Bryan , a    populist whom I loathed , had taken over the Democratic Party in 1896 .   Bryan had some good ideas , such as the advancement of workers’ rights the Grand New Party was also irresponsible —   I thought of him as a danger to the republic .   Happily , McKinley beat Bryan in the ’96 presidential election , and again in ’00 , and yet even so , it Bryan obvious that Bryan had a substantial constituency the Bryan upswell was going to continue , because economic conditions were President McKinley and Bryan were indeed hard .    So something had to be done to improve the lot of workers and farmers , Bryan the while maintaining the basic order of things .   And I felt that I was the man to do it .   I called my policy program the Square Deal . V : Sounds a bit like the New Deal of Franklin D. Roosevelt . TR : Well , Franklin was my cousin and , I daresay , a fan of mine .   V : In any case , whatever the name , TR goal was to stave off all that populist energy .   TR : Yes Franklin D. Roosevelt exactly .   But I knew that I could n’t stop domestic radicalism with reaction —   that just feeds it .   Instead , TR had to stop radicalism with prudent preemption .    As I think Edmund Burke said , the task of the statesman is to channel the tides of change through the canals of custom . domestic radicalism : Ooh , I like that .    TR : Yes TR I love Burke .    V : So now to antitrust ?   TR : I TR getting there ! In that same message to Congress in 1901 , delivered just three months after I was sworn into office , I took Edmund Burke antitrust    head on .   I began by reiterating the basic conservative Republican wisdom of the harmony Congress interests , because , ultimately , all Americans are in the same boat .   As I said : The fundamental rule in our national life —   the rule which underlies all others —   is that , on the whole , and in the long run , we shall go up or down together .   I might note that that ’s the sort of " One Nation " rhetoric used a few decades before by the great British conservative leader and prime minister , Benjamin Disraeli .   That was his big idea : He could not let his country sunder , split apart , over class divisions and class warfare .   And that ’s exactly what I thought , too . And yet at the same time , in our search for his , we could his go blundering around , armed only by sentiments , as opposed to sapience .    V : I love latinate words ! TR : As I TR said : The mechanism of modern business is so delicate our extreme care must be taken not to interfere with it in a spirit of rashness or ignorance .   V : Okay , got it .   But again , where does antitrust fit in ?    TR : Virgil , TR seem to be in rather a hurry modern business When , in fact , we both are in a place where the passage modern business time is measured in eons . V : Yes , Colonel —   I mean , Theodore —   but back on earth , there ’s still such a thing as   .   They ’re called deadlines .   We will conclude my exclusive interview with Theodore Roosevelt in the next installment . 
 Franklin D. Roosevelt Theodore —   Theodore —   