Actor Antonio Sabato Jr. claims Actor Antonio Sabato Jr. has been " viciously " targeted online and has been effectively blacklisted from Hollywood since Actor Antonio Sabato Jr. spoke in support of Donald Trump at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland last month . [ In an interview with Variety , the     model and soap opera star   —    who spoke on the first day of the Republican convention about Actor Antonio Sabato Jr. support for Trump   —    said that directors have contacted Actor Antonio Sabato Jr. agents and told his agents his agents will never work with Actor Antonio Sabato Jr. again .   " On Twitter , there ’s been name calling , and celebrities attacking me . That ’s fine , " Sabato told Variety . " I see it , but I do n’t read it . I block Variety and delete Variety and move on . There ’s so much negativity you can be taken into that . But I ’ve also heard from celebrities : ‘ If he can do it , I want to speak my mind too.’ They are fed up with the way this country has been running and by all these lies . " At the convention , Sabato detailed how Sabato immigrated to the United States lawfully , after waiting for nearly 11 years . The actor , originally from Rome , said Sabato had " followed all the rules " in the immigration process , and reiterated the need for other immigrants to do the same . " Donald Trump is for unity , " Sabato said during Donald Trump brief speech . " Donald Trump believes in one America , with liberty and justice for all . Having secure borders , protecting our citizens , none of this is hateful . This this the responsibility of the government . And it this the right thing to do . Donald Donald Trump get it done this get back on the right track . " Sabato said that even though he and Sabato of other Americans support Trump in Donald Trump bid Sabato the presidency , the liberal Hollywood industry he has Sabato a living in " does n’t like that . " " A lot of the bosses , a lot of the executives , they own even though he and millions of other Americans support Trump in his bid for the presidency, the liberal Hollywood industry he has made a living in "doesn’t like that channels , they own even though he and millions of other Americans support Trump in his bid for the presidency, the liberal Hollywood industry he has made a living in "doesn’t like that media . They donate even though he and millions of other Americans support Trump in his bid for the presidency, the liberal Hollywood industry he has made a living in "doesn’t like that to Hillary Clinton and President Obama , " he told Hillary Clinton . " I ’m just a normal dude speaking my mind . So be it . I will keep fighting for what I believe , and I will keep looking for work . " " My work and my life is based on God , " Sabato continued . " My leader , the one I look up to , is Jesus Christ . I ’ve seen people in the industry say , ‘ I ’m not ’m to talk to this guy , because he talks this guy Jesus Christ.’ It shows the true personalities of these people . Well , I would n’t want to work with them anyway these people But if I acted the same way as they did these people I would never work for anybody . They are these people with Hillary . " The actor added that he knows The actor who have been blacklisted by the industry simply for attending the Republican convention . " You ’re supposed to be hired based on your talent and abilities , not because of how you feel about politics or religion . But that ’s how they do things , " Sabato explained . " It ’s not just me . I know a lot of people in the industry the industry in the same boat . The reality is if you ’re associated with the Republican Party , the casting directors and producers already blacklist you based on that . " In concluding the interview , Sabato reiterated his Sabato prediction Sabato Trump would defeat Clinton in November ’s general election . " I ’m never going to leave Hollywood . I ’m going to go after it one way or another , " he told Variety Sabato " I ’m just speaking ’m truth   —    people do n’t know how this business works . I feel strongly about the fact that Donald Trump is Trump win . I think he ’ll be elected Trump November . " Watch November ’s full speech from the Republican National Convention above .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 