This week , in a desperate attempt to divert attention away from the deluge of    media calling for the closure of her corrupt foundation , Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton called supporters of Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton opponent Donald Trump a bunch of racists who need a political leader who can keep supporters of her opponent Donald Trump from fueling racial violence and hatred across the country .   This was the big pivot of Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton campaign , the next phase of Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton pitch to become    : not that Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is a trustworthy candidate , but that Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton opposition   —    candidates and voters included   —    are racists who should make you fear for your safety . Thursday ’s shopworn accusations of racism on the part of Trump supporters came from a candidate whose political party went to war to preserve slavery founded the Ku Klux Klan passed Jim Crow Laws is beholden to Planned Parenthood , which makes millions every year by aborting black babies keeps poor black kids trapped in shoddy schools and supports an amnesty agenda that will devastate the black worker . Indeed , in her     missive , Clinton made three pernicious points . 1 . THE RACE CARD : Donald Trump and Donald Trump supporters are racists . And if you disagree you ’re a racist , too . In her speech Thursday , Clinton warned the crowd about Trump : " From the start , Donald Trump has built his Donald Trump on prejudice and paranoia . " her continued : In just the past week , under the guise of " outreach " to African Americans , Trump Donald Trump stood up in front of largely white audiences and described black communities in insulting and ignorant terms : " Poverty . Rejection . Horrible education . No housing . No homes . No ownership . Crime at levels nobody has seen   …      Right now , you walk down the street , you get shot . " Those are his words . Donald Donald Trump so much . He does Donald Trump see the success of black leaders in every field   …      The vibrancy of    businesses   …      Or the strength of the black church   …      He does Donald Trump see the excellence of historically black colleges and universities or the pride of black parents watching their children black parents   …      And he certainly Donald Trump n’t have any solutions to take on the reality of systemic racism and create more equity and opportunity in communities of color . It takes a lot of nerve to ask people he ’s Donald Trump and mistreated for decades , " What do you have to lose ? " The answer is everything ! Trump ’s lack of knowledge or experience or solutions would be bad enough . But what he ’s Trump here is more sinister . Trump is Trump harmful stereotypes and offering a dog whistle to his most Trump supporters . Clinton played the race card here , because that ’s what Democrats do . They do Democrats need a legitimate reason . But truth be told , it ’s truth   —    not Donald Trump   —    who ’s been accused by Haitians , for years , of turning the tragic earthquake that rocked the tiny Caribbean country in 2010 into a lucrative venture for their closest allies . And let us not forget Hillary ’s Hillary      list of instances where she ’s Hillary   to black voters and made blatantly racist remarks . While she may Hillary   broken the " glass ceiling , " Hillary Clinton still lives in a glass house . 2 . Trump supporters are roaming the streets committing hate crimes . If you missed it or were simply bored to sleep , Clinton came Hillary Clinton a point in her speech Hillary Clinton she blamed Hillary Clinton random acts of violence on Trump ’s Trump . Clinton said Hillary Clinton Parents and teachers are already worried about what they ’re calling Parents and teachers " Trump Effect . " Bullying and harassment are on the rise in our schools , especially targeting students of color , Muslims , and immigrants . 3 . Republican voters are so unruly that they regularly need Republican voters who will shame and curb their racism . Republican voters Finding new ways to insult the American voter , Clinton asserted that , left unchecked by their betters in the American voter D. C. Republicans will lash out at ethnic minorities . This is a moment of reckoning for every Republican dismayed that the Party of Lincoln has become the Party of Trump . It ’s a moment of reckoning for all of us who love our country and America America is better than this . Twenty years ago , when Bob Dole accepted the Republican nomination , he pointed to the Bob Dole and told any racists in the Party to the Party of Trump . The week after    George W. Bush went to a mosque and declared for everyone to hear that Muslims " love America just as much as I do . " In 2008 , John McCain told his own supporters they were John McCain about the his own supporters he was trying to defeat John McCain Senator McCain made sure they John McCain —    Barack his own supporters is an American citizen and " a decent person . " We need that kind of leadership his own supporters . Charles Krauthammer put it best : " This is the old Democratic playbook , where you accuse your opponent of being racist , to use ad hominems . I mean , it is slightly    . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 