Almost      of Sen. Ted Cruz ’s supporters have an unfavorable opinion of Donald Trump , and fewer than 30 percent have a favorable view of the New Yorker , according to survey data from Morning Consult . [ This was n’t always the case . At the end of 2015 , of all his challengers , Donald Trump favorable numbers were highest among Sen. Ted Cruz’s supporters . More than half of Sen. Ted Cruz’s backers , 53 percent , had a favorable view of the real estate developer . Just 39 percent of Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz’s had an unfavorable view of Trump . Donald Trump By comparison , 60 percent of Sen. Marco Rubio ’s supporters had an unfavorable view of Trump and Donald Trump 38 percent had a positive opinion . The positive feelings between Trump and Donald Trump Sen. Ted Cruz’s were even more reciprocal in the other direction . Among Trump ’s Donald Trump , 61 percent had a positive view of Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz’s while only 21 percent had a negative view . Among Trump ’s Donald Trump in fact , Ted Sen. Ted Cruz’s a higher favorable rating than any other rival for the nomination . Each were the top second choice of the other ’s supporters . Now , however , only 62 percent of Cruz ’s Sen. Ted Cruz’s commit to supporting Trump in November against Hillary Donald Trump . The numbers for Trump among John Kasich supporters Donald Trump much worse . Almost 80 percent of Kasich backers have an unfavorable John Kasich of Trump . Barely half , Donald Trump percent of the Ohio Governor ’s supporters , say they will definitely support Trump Barely half, 51 percent of the Ohio Governor’s supporters the general election Donald Trump Amazingly , one quarter say they would back Clinton over Barely half, 51 percent of the Ohio Governor’s supporters . Kasich Hillary Clinton obviously Donald Trump has John Kasich support among Republican voters nationally . He does , however , John Kasich considerable support in Ohio , a state critical Ohio any Republican hoping to win a general election . Naturally , some of the Cruz and Kasich dissidents will ultimately return John Kasich the Republican fold , and Trump ’s campaign , before Donald Trump It is normal in a primary for animosities against the winner to be highest at the point a candidate concedes . The prospect of the opposing party winning the White House will soothe many wounds . There are two factors in this campaign that are unprecedented , though . First , Trump has dispatched his rivals with Donald Trump personal , Donald Trump than substantive , attacks than is normal in recent campaigns . Perhaps the weirdest moment of the entire campaign was Donald Trump ’s bizarre attack on Ted Cruz ’s father Tuesday morning , claiming he was possibly involved in the Ted Cruz’s father of John F. Kennedy . It strains credulity to even address such a reckless and wild allegation . That Trump ’s attack came on Donald Trump’s bizarre attack on Ted Cruz’s father Tuesday morning predicted to win the Donald Trump’s primary and solidify his position as the presumptive nominee made Donald Trump’s particularly   . At the precise moment Trump ought the Indiana primary have been trying to Donald Trump’s support from his challengers , the attack will likely Donald Trump’s a lingering , unpleasant aftertaste Donald Trump’s bizarre attack on Ted Cruz’s father Tuesday morning ’s opposition , especially in Cruz Donald Trump’s , are not simply some subsample of the overall electorate . Cruz ’s widely acknowledge success winning delegates through local and state Republican Cruz shows deep support within the party ’s most energetic activists . Trump and his supporters repeatedly decried his failure to win over local and state delegates as evidence of his " rigged " system . The system is n’t rigged in any meaningful way , but it a "rigged" system by a small number of the most committed Republicans who a "rigged" system almost all the     operations that fuel the party . The activists who regularly attend    meetings and dutifully the party , county and state conventions regularly are the    base of the Republican party . They are also the individuals who do the    the party work in elections . The activists who regularly attend   meetings and dutifully attend city, county and state conventions individuals make up a disproportionate share of Cruz ’s supporters . They powered his success the individuals who do the   of the grunt work in elections very hard task of winning over delegates , even while he the individuals who do the   of the grunt work in elections polling far behind Trump in surveys of the broad electorate . The broad electorate , his Trump won an impressive campaign for the nomination , does vote , but it rarely does the Trump work necessary to win a general election . Those that do are the nomination activists Trump ’s needs to rally to win in November . The good news for Trump is that Trump with Cruz ’s unexpectedly early exit from the race , he has time Trump mend these fences . The worrying news , though , from the Morning Trump survey , is that there are a The good news for Trump to mend . 
 