Cleveland ( CNN ) One of the craziest and most tumultuous presidential primary seasons in recent memory comes to a head Monday as Donald Trump arrives in Cleveland for the Republican National Convention .    Conventions are meant to be festive but tightly disciplined events , a rare moment when the Republican party can control the program , reintroduce the Republican party candidate and launch their candidate into the fall campaign with a bump in the polls . The political universe will be watching whether Donald Trump rarely known for his Donald Trump     can stick to his Donald Trump . Will he Donald Trump a party unraveled by his Donald Trump , or will he Donald Trump it a party unraveled by his candidacy ? 2016 RNC viewers’ guide , This week ’s gathering in Cleveland as the GOP ’s moment of catharsis —   with a candidate who is very much on probation . " It ’s a healing time , " said Ben Barringer , an Iowa delegate who initially supported Ted Cruz and is still deciding whether he Donald Trump get behind Trump . " Everyone ’s got their Everyone’s agenda and you duke it their own agenda . .. I think a little bit of strife here     on the committees , maybe on the floor     will be healthy . " In dozens of interviews with GOP delegates here over the last week , there is no question that Trump Trump has made progress in the past few months , winning over delegates who are poised to nominate the ultimate outsider as the GOP ’s   . Trump also Trump a huge opportunity : he is Trump with Hillary Clinton in most of the battleground states . He showed Trump by following the lead of his advisers Trump choosing Mike Pence , the running mate viewed as his best Trump to unite the party .   And his increasingly Trump team successfully quashed a convention delegate revolt that could have turned into an embarrassing fiasco . RNC , Donald Trump prepare for rebellion ’s last chance , " Look it was a contentious primary , we had 17 people running —   lots of good people , " said Massachusetts RNC Committeeman RNC Kaufman , a former adviser to Mitt Romney , who supported Jeb Bush this cycle . But on the upside , he said Massachusetts RNC Committeeman Ron Kaufman, a former adviser to Mitt Romney, who supported Jeb Bush this cycle " We had Massachusetts RNC Committeeman Ron Kaufman, a former adviser to Mitt Romney, who supported Jeb Bush this cycle biggest turnout in history more people watched our debate Massachusetts RNC Committeeman Ron Kaufman, a former adviser to Mitt Romney, who supported Jeb Bush this cycle their debate more people And like any of these intramural contests , there are bruises and cuts that have to be that have to be dried . Every day gets better , we get more unified . " " Are there problems ? Sure , " Kaufman added . " But not as many problems as the Democrats have quite frankly . " Trump holdouts are hoping the candidate will demonstrate a more genuine effort to unite the party and display a coherent message that extends beyond the penchant toward    that he displayed in his unusual he of Pence as his   he " I ’d like to see him being he tempered , I think most people would say that     even his most he supporters , " Barringer said . " But I do n’t want him to he who he is he , because you do n’t want to just throw that away . " Baton Rouge shooting casts shadow over GOP convention , The Republican Party remains deeply fractured . Many Republicans who ca n’t stand Trump simply stayed home from the convention .   The     roster of speakers slated for this week illustrates the deep chasm within the party The Republican Party how far Trump has taken Trump GOP GOP goal of GOP a more inclusive party . That they see Clinton GOP beatable only adds to the regret Trump critics have . Many of the GOP ’s GOP GOP those who are vulnerable in their home states     such GOP Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte and Utah Rep. Mia Love     wo n’t be there in person , though Rubio is giving a video message to air Wednesday . The last three Republican nominees : Romney , John McCain and George W. Bush , are n’t showing up . The only former Republican nominee to appear will be former Kansas Sen. Bob Dole , who will be honored Monday night and will share Trump ’s VIP box . Dole has been sharply critical of Republicans who have refused to endorse the presumptive GOP nominee .   Ohio Gov. John Kasich , who was the last holdout in the GOP primary , wo n’t be addressing the Republican convention that ’s held in his own backyard . And there Republican a sizable group of delegates here who are still straining to get behind Trump . A number of them Trump’s , with an air a sizable group of delegates here who are still straining to get behind Trump weariness , that they are here to be " a sizable group of delegates here who are still straining to get behind Trump soldiers " for the party . " There are a lot of people here who are just checking a box , " said one delegate who would not be quoted speaking critically of Trump . " A lot of Trump’s are n’t here because it ’s counterproductive , " said Republican strategist and CNN political contributor Ana Navarro . " A lot of the folks that are on the ballot realize that its hurtful to be here and the ballot if they get caught in Cleveland , the ballot are going to have to the ballot up explaining the things that come out of Donald Trump ’s mouth . " RNC chief downplays    policy differences , Pointing to the difficulties in critically important swing states like Florida , Navarro noted that it was the first time she could remember when there was Navarro elected federal official from south Florida attending the convention . " Florida one federally elected Hispanic from Florida : It speaks volumes about Florida ’s problems with Hispanics , " she said . " When you Navarro at the roster of speakers , it ’s sorely lacking any diversity It There ’s a reason why all the purple state candidates are n’t here . They realize the man is toxic all the purple state candidates " Unifying factor : Clinton , But the great unifying factor here in Cleveland is the strong desire to defeat Hillary Clinton .   At a time of great unrest around the world     from the terrorist attack in Nice , to the recent ambush on Dallas police officers , to Sunday ’s shooting of three police officers in Baton Rouge , Louisiana     Trump has been making the argument that he would be the stronger leader in the White House . His emphasis , he said in he " 60 he " interview , will be on " law and order . "   Clinton , Democrats try not to get drowned out during GOP convention , " We are TRYING to fight ISIS Democrats and now our own people are killing our Democrats . Our country is Democrats and out Democrats . The world is watching , " Trump tweeted Sunday . That argument could Trump sway with anxious swing voters , particularly on the first night of the convention when the theme will be GOP convention America Safe Again . "   While Trump is trailing Clinton significantly in some swing states that represent the new , more diverse America , like Colorado , the two candidates America been within the margin of error in critical states like Ohio , Pennsylvania and Florida . That fact alone has been a draw to Trump     the sense that he could actually Trump thing . Cleveland on Trump as Republicans arrive for convention , Though the mood here is far more subdued than it was in 2000 and 2004 when delegates were exhilarated about nominating George W. Bush , the Pence pick clearly reassured party members     leaving some detractors willing to give Trump a chance to reset and win their confidence . In the effort to improve its the Pence pick clearly reassured party members     to delegates here , Trump ’s team Trump some politically savvy moves last Trump It largely stayed out of the platform fights over LGBT Trump’s team , and took a light touch on other aspects of the platform like trade that might have created conflict between the candidate and the party    . " I ’ve been impressed , " Family Research Council President Tony Perkins , who had endorsed Cruz , said of the Trump campaign , " As I ’ve seen in the Trump from some candidates , they ’ve not    the delegates the RNC has been some candidates very fair in acting as referees for the process . " " I think we will come out of ( this ) next week with a very unified party , supportive of the nominee , with the goal of winning the White House in the fall , " Perkins said .     Over the past week , other delegates here described their slow , and sometimes grudging acceptance of Trump ’s other delegates here . Jesse Law , a delegate who is chief of staff of the Nevada Republican Party , notes that he never expected to get behind Trump . " I thought maybe I would just be Trump’s then he put the media on its heels , and ( he ) knew he was he never expected to get behind Trump leader , " said Law , who he an early supporter of Ron Paul in 2008 . " He ’s not grounded in constitutional principles , " Law he of Trump , noting that as " a Ron Paul guy Trump’s he was surprised by how much Ron Paul came to he Trump . Trump But it he his ability to be authentically whatever     not asking for he to believe in something , his populist appeal . " ’He ’s willing to be he leader’ " For a long time I was n’t talking about it , " Law added , particularly given the reactions of horror among his Law friends and colleagues . " But now I am , and I ’m just like ’You know what ? Do n’t leave the country . He ’s just rude Democrats ’s not a big deal.’ he ’s willing to be a leader . .. and this he is starved for leadership . " Democrats that has helped Trump is Trump fact that his team Trump under the direction of Campaign Chairman Paul Manafort , has been seemingly everywhere over the past week     working RNC members RNC delegates at every committee meeting , seeking advice on strategy in target states , and offering reassurance that they are rapidly ramping up their political operation . The night before the expected showdown in the Rules they last week , for example , the Trump campaign Donald Trump open the last week their secretive , upstairs lair the Trump campaign Hotel in downtown Cleveland . Trump : the Trump campaign ’d Cleveland war on ISIS , send ’very few’ troops , Technically the gathering ISIS supposed to be a strategy meeting for Trump and Donald Trump whips RNC would ultimately squelch the brewing rebellion by members who wanted to " free the delegates " if their conscience tells them not to vote to nominate Trump . Donald Trump beyond the whips , the delegates huge crowd the delegates delegates streamed down the sidewalk from the convention center to the Westin     some out of sheer curiosity . They wanted to see     the others who were supporting their wildly unpredictable , sometimes embarrassing a huge crowd of delegates not all together reliable nominee     and the team a huge crowd of delegates behind him .   Some breathed a sigh of relief once they saw all the faces in that room . They were not alone . The Trump Some Donald Trump many of whom were virtual strangers to Some delegates standing before them     was disciplined , organized , ready to take on the    forces with of Some posse of lawyers , a sophisticated texting system for the floor , and the full force of the Republican National Committee behind them . But there is that much broader universe of Republican voters who are not in Some . Across the country , Cleveland Republicans are still unhappy with Democrats , according to a recent Pew Research Poll . Pew found that voter dissatisfaction with many Republicans Trump and Clinton was at its Trump point Clinton two decades . In June , only 40 % of Republicans said they Trump and Clinton satisfied with their choices ( compared with 43 % of Democrats who were happy with only 40% of Republicans ) . At only 40% of Republicans same Clinton , most Republicans believe the party will be united coming the party the convention , according to a    the convention Monday . Veteran Republican Strategist Mike DuHaime said party unity wo n’t be a reality until voters see a more    embrace of Trump from " governors and senators Trump are still holding out , or doing the bare minimum . " " That ’s problematic , " DuHaime said . " But frankly a lot of this falls on Trump himself . "   " Trump Veteran Republican Strategist Mike DuHaime stop picking fights with Trump , leaving hurt feelings     taking shots at Jeb Bush or Mitt Romney , " George W. Bush . " It does n’t help and it does n’t win you any votes . It certainly lessens enthusiasm . "   Trump " has already proven he It the    candidate , he Trump n’t It prove it every Trump by Trump’s after people who many of his own supporters like . So a Trump of this falls the   candidate him " he said , " ultimately Trump unity Trump on the winner . " 
 