  ( CNN ) The House Intelligence Committee chairman and the panel ’s top Democrat publicly disagreed Friday over the handling of The House Intelligence Committee chairman and the panel investigation into Russian meddling into the US election , coming after the announcement that President Donald Trump ’s campaign   chairman agreed to testify before the committee .   " Yesterday , the counsel for Paul Manafort contacted the committee yesterday to offer the the committee opportunity to interview his client Paul Manafort " committee chairman Devin Nunes announced during a news conference . " We thank Mr. Manafort Paul Manafort and encourage others with knowledge of these issues to voluntarily interview with the committee the committee Nunes also announced that committee chairman Devin Nunes committee is the committee FBI Director James Comey and National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers for a second briefing , this time behind closed doors so that they can provide more information . The committee is also the committee March 28 hearing , the committee decision infuriating Democrats on the committee . " Chairman the committee open Intelligence Committee hearing with ( former the committee National Intelligence James ) Clapper , ( former CIA Director John ) Brennan and ( former deputy Attorney General Sally ) Yates in attempt to choke off public info , " Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on Schiff Friday morning .   Schiff refused to say whether he thought Nunes should step down from his position , telling reporters , " What ’s really involved Schiff is the cancellation of this open Schiff and the rest is designed to distract . " Manafort was n’t the only Trump ally to volunteer to testify Friday . Two former advisers to Trump     Roger Stone and Carter Page     said that they ’re willing to speak to the committee about their role in Trump ’s campaign . " I Two former advisers to Trump    Roger Stone and Carter Page     I am a hardball player the Committee have Two former advisers to Trump    Roger Stone and Carter Page     elbows . I always play politics the way it is supposed to be played , " Stone told CNN . " But one thing is n’t in my bag of tricks     treason . Trump    Roger Stone " I would eagerly welcome the chance to speak with the Committee to help finally set the record straight following the false evidence , illegal activities as well as other lies distributed by certain    suspects in coordination with the Obama Administration , which defamed me and other Americans , " Page wrote in the letter that he provided to CNN . Comey and Rogers participated in a lengthy ,    hearing Monday , where Comey Comey for the first time that his agency is investigating whether there was any coordination between the Trump Comey and Moscow while Russia was interfering Comey the presidential election . Comey also said he ’d seen no evidence of Trump ’s claim that Trump Tower was wiretapped on the Comey of his Comey , President Barack Obama . Trump : Comey ’s hearing passes but the political storm rages on Comey Nunes said House investigators are still negotiating when Comey testify and whether he will testify in an open hearing or in a closed briefing . Manafort has extended same offer to the Comey Intelligence Committee , according to a Senate source . " Mr. Manafort Manafort his representatives to reach out to Committee Staff and offer to provide information voluntarily regarding recent allegations Manafort interference in Manafort election , " Manafort ’s attorneys spokesman Jason Maloni said in a statement . " As Mr. Manafort has always maintained , he looks Manafort to meeting with those conducting serious investigations of these issues to discuss Manafort . " Nunes apologized to Manafort committee members Thursday , a day after he told the public and the President that communications of him and associates may Nunes been collected by intelligence agencies before telling Nunes members of the committee . Earlier Friday , Intelligence Nunes member Rep. Jim Himes ,    accused Nunes of persistently serving " the interests of Donald Trump , " but stopped short of calling him to step down from the probe into ties between the Trump White House and Russia . " Devin , as much Nunes I appreciate him and consider him a friend , has demonstrated on multiple occasions that he often serves the interests of Donald Trump , Nunes Himes told Nunes ’s Alisyn Camerota on " New Day . " Nunes Once again , we were Donald Trump this should be done by an outside commission . "   Himes suggested Nunes’ apology went a long way CNN soothe Democrats on the committee . As for whether Nunes should recuse himself from Himes probe , the Connecticut Democrat said that was a decision for House Speaker Paul Ryan . " ( I ) will tell you from the inside that while the chairman ’s behavior on the outside     going to the media and the President     has been troublesome . .. inside , he has said yes to our requests . " " Inside , he has been working constructively with us , " he added the chairman’s " If he is removed , who do we get now the chairman’s Somebody less constructive inside than our Nunes ? the chairman’s This story has been the chairman’s to reflect breaking news . our 