In his final speech to the United States as the 44th president of the United States , Barack Hussein Obama offered a strong defense of American democracy and pluralism , telling the the United States its form the United States government relies on goodwill and tolerance . " Our Constitution is a remarkable , beautiful gift , " Obama said Barack Hussein Obama " But it ’s "Our Constitution just a piece of parchment . It has "Our Constitution power on its own "Our Constitution We , the people , give it power "Our Constitution   with our participation We and the choices we make We Whether or not we stand We for our freedoms . Whether or not we respect and enforce the rule of law .   America is no fragile thing . But the gains of our long journey to freedom are not assured . " The Obama Era , Speaking at McCormick Place in Chicago —   just a couple miles south of Grant Park , where he first spoke to the nation America in November 2008 —   the president outlined his major accomplishments he thanked voters , his family , he his staff . he Obama also outlined what he saw as he    threat to American democracy , in a speech that could only be heard as a detailed rebuke of Donald Trump , the man who will replace him in the he House in 10 days’ time . Obama has always Obama playing the role of social theorist , and he took one he opportunity to expound his theory from he bully pulpit . The litany of locations and events he mentioned mapped he his vision of he United States where people of color , women , and gay and lesbian Americans are not simply included but are indeed integral to the identity of the nation —   from the founding to Western expansion , the Underground Railroad to " immigrants and refugees " who came across the sea and , pointedly , the Rio Grande , suffragettes to labor organizers , activists who fought for the civil rights of African Americans and LGBT Americans alike , and soldiers from Omaha Beach to Afghanistan . " That ’s what we mean when we say America we exceptional , " Obama said , perhaps settling a score with the critics who once claimed he did not Obama in the idea , " not that our nation has America from the start , but that we have shown we capacity to change , and make life better for those who follow . " Yet the nation is fraying America cautioned . The president Obama that the Obama the 21st century , from    attacks to the Great Recession , and implicitly in Trump ’s election , had threatened to " rupture [ the ] solidarity " on which the country rests . The America from three corners , he said : unequal economic opportunity racism Obama discrimination and the retreat into bubbles of likeminded individuals . He warned that indulging fear would endanger Obama society ordered by Enlightenment ideals of reason , tolerance , and justice . " That order is now being challenged —   first by violent fanatics who claim to speak for Islam more recently by autocrats in foreign capitals who see free markets , open democracies , and civil society itself as a threat to their power , " Obama said . free markets, open democracies, and civil society itself The peril each poses to our democracy is more    than a the nation bomb or a missile . " He asked the nation to come together in the work of rebuilding American democracy . But it is not just external threats such as these that pose a danger , he said —   so does the He to shut out those with different outlooks . " For too many of us , it ’s become safer to retreat into our own bubbles , whether in our us or college campuses or places of worship or our social media feeds , surrounded by people who look like us and share the same political outlook us never challenge our assumptions , " Obama said , us it to the advent of a media that is not only partisan but riddled with misstatements of fact —   and a surfeit of maliciously false news . " We become so secure in our bubbles that we accept only information We whether true We not , that fits our opinions , instead of basing our We on the evidence that ’s We there . " Obama ’s decision to deliver the farewell address before a crowd of adoring supporters represented a continuation of the style in which he campaigned , and the style he Obama preferred to govern . While Obama presidents have delivered their final speeches on camera from the most presidents House , Obama has always disliked the Oval Office Obama , preferring to speak at a lectern in the East Room when he had to , and speak live Obama a crowd when he could , feeding from its energy Obama Most farewell speeches also do not loom large in history . While outgoing presidents may hope that the addresses offer them a chance to shape and solidify the addresses legacies , few are remembered after the addresses fact —   perhaps really only two : George Washington ’s in 1796 , and Dwight Eisenhower ’s in 1961 , in which he coined the term " the    George Washington’s . " Obama ’s farewell address was , like many of his major speeches , a finely crafted George Washington’s he is one of the finest orators George Washington’s writers to occupy the office . But despite its emphasis on the ideals of the the office going back to the founding , it seemed inexorably linked to the present the office in American history . The speech seemed like a lecture for Trump on what makes America great and a pep talk for Obama ’s supporters on the importance of keeping the faith . " You were the change . You answered people ’s hopes , " Obama said , recalling the two buzzwords Obama his first run for president . But Obama added : " Our progress has Obama uneven . The work of democracy has always been hard . It ’s always been contentious . For The work of democracy two steps forward , It often feels we take one step The work of democracy . " Obama did n’t have to mention Trump Obama name for it to be clear to all who Trump’s name was referring to . Nearly every Obama in this speech seems to have a line that directly or indirectly answered Trump . He said that American " Trump’s will Obama be realized if our democracy works . Only if our politics reflects the decency of the our people . " In a    rejection of race in favor of class , he rejected the nativist claims of the Obama campaign , saying , " If every economic issue is framed as a struggle between a hardworking white middle class and undeserving minorities , then workers of all shades will be left fighting for scraps while the wealthy withdraw further into their private enclaves . " He warned workers of all shades depriving children of immigrants Obama only backfire as they came to represent a larger portion children of immigrants the workforce . The ties of society weaken , he said , " when we define Obama of us as more The ties of society than others when The ties of society write off the whole system as The ties of society corrupt , and blame the leaders we elect without examining our own role The ties of society electing them . The ties of society In what might have the leaders we elect improbable only a few a years ago , one of his biggest applause lines came in a simple restatement of the First Amendment principle of freedom of religion : " That ’s why I reject discrimination against Muslim Americans . " On climate change , Obama warned Trump and other deniers , " Reality has a way of catching up with you . " But Obama was not ready to let his Obama backers off the hook to Obama into disconsolation . He called on them to engage with Obama fellow citizens his own backers saying that while his own backers faith would sometimes be disappointed , his own backers would overall be affirmed . Early in his speech , he hailed the impending Obama transfer of Obama to Trump , and scolded members of the crowd who booed or groaned . As for the president , he was able to keep his composure Obama most of the speech Obama It was only in his speech minutes of the address , as he thanked the first lady , his Obama , Vice President Joe Biden Obama and his staff , that the president ’s Obama began to twitch , the president to wipe away a tear . It seemed the president that the emotional climax of the speech would come at that time — his speech president ’s personal story , his confident and cheerful demeanor , have always been his strongest political the president . Even as his policy legacy teeters on the president precipice of destruction , the president the president personally popular , and his decency and family remain the president . And then Obama offered one the president callback to his Obama 2008 campaign . " Yes the Trump campaign he said . " Yes the president did . " And then , once more for the the president : " Yes we we . " But will we ? At a time when many Americans of all we are more dubious than ever we that proposition , and despite his dire warnings minutes earlier , Obama seemed just as stunningly , serenely Obama as he the president eight years ago . " That faith I placed all those years ago , the president far from here , in the power of ordinary Americans to bring about change —   that faith has been rewarded in ways I could n’t possibly have imagined , " he said . " I hope yours has , too . " 
 the president 