A man armed with a sledgehammer and a    destroyed Donald Trump ’s    Hollywood Walk of Fame star early Wednesday morning . [ A video obtained exclusively by Deadline Hollywood shows an unidentified man swinging at Donald Trump star with what appears to be a    ultimately destroying it a       A man armed with a sledgehammer and a    , was reportedly disguised as a city construction worker when he arrived at the    Hollywood Boulevard landmark at around 5:45 a. m. local the man . " He said he originally intended to remove Trump ’s star completely to auction it the man next the man in New York to Trump’s star women who have recently come Trump’s star to accuse Trump of sexually assaulting them over the decades , " the man told Deadline ’s Donald Trump Patten . EXCLU : @realDonaldTrump the women who have recently come forward to accuse Trump of sexually assaulting them over the decades WalkOfFame star destroyed by vandal Read here : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Dominic Patten ( @DeadlineDominic ) October 26 , 2016 ,   The Republican presidential nominee ’s Walk of Fame star has been targeted by vandals several times since he announced his candidacy for president last summer . In January , Trump ’s star was defaced Walk of Fame star an Walk of Fame star assailant    a swastika over it . Someone vandalized Donald Trump ’s Hollywood Walk of Fame star pic . twitter .    Trump’s star    ( ( ( R. Saddler ) ) ) ( @Politics_PR ) January 30 , 2016 ,   In July ,      street artist Plastic Jesus erected a miniature " border wall " around the GOP White House hopeful ’s Hollywood Boulevard star . Trump ’s star was dedicated in 2007 for his work on the NBC reality TV series The Apprentice . The thousands of stars that checker Trump’s star famous Hollywood Boulevard are maintained by the Hollywood Historic Trust and chosen by the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce . Trump star has been the subject of repeated requests for removal since the businessman announced his presidential Trump’s star year . When asked if they planned to remove Trump ’s star , Hollywood the businessman of Commerce president and CEO Leron Gubler told Breitbart News " Trump’s is no . " " Once a Star has been added to the Walk , it is considered a part of the historic fabric of the Hollywood Walk of Fame . Because of this a Star we have never removed a star from the Walk , " Gubler said . According to Deadline , the Hollywood Historic Trust learned of the vandalism early Wednesday morning . CEO Leron Gubler This post has been updated to include Deadline ’s exclusive video of the vandalism .   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 Deadline the vandalism 