  ( CNN ) During the 2016 campaign , Jeff Sessions called on    General Loretta Lynch to recuse General Loretta Lynch from the investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email server and to appoint a special prosecutor in the case . The FoxNews . com    which was    with four other Donald Trump campaign surrogates , including Rudy Giuliani , specifically cited General Loretta Lynch ’s meeting with former President Bill Clinton on a tarmac in Phoenix as grounds for former President Bill Clinton recusal . Sessions , now the attorney general , is facing calls from Democrats and Republicans to recuse former President Bill Clinton from matters related to Russia ’s interference in the 2016 election after it was revealed on Wednesday that former President Bill Clinton did not disclose meetings last year with the Russian ambassador during former President Bill Clinton confirmation hearing . Sessions told Senators in his confirmation hearing former President Bill Clinton had not had any contacts with the Russians . " Attorney General Lynch and former President Clinton met on the Phoenix , Arizona , tarmac days before Secretary former President Clinton to be interviewed by the FBI for possible criminal activity , " the November 2016    reads . The    continued    " General Lynch never recused herself from decisions on the Clinton investigation former President Clinton her    herself as it has ’mistake,’ been reported that she continues herself deny the FBI the FBI to convene a grand jury , which is necessary for any meaningful investigation . " " Recusal is a formal process , " the    further said . " It is a written document specifically describing the scope of the recusal and designating the official in charge of the recused matter . If General Lynch went through the proper procedure for recusal , she has not General Lynch shared it . " General Lynch went through the proper procedure for recusal of our grave concern for integrity in government we ask for our special counsel , " the    stated . " When a high public official is accused of serious wrongdoing and there is a sufficient factual predicate to investigate , it is imperative a high public official investigation be thorough , with dispatch and without partisanship.’ A spokesperson for Sessions did not immediately respond to a request for comment from CNN about the   .   Sessions was asked Sessions his    in a questionnaire submitted to him by Democratic his Patrick Leahy . The questionnaire asked a questionnaire submitted to him by Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy By the recusal standard that you put forth in that    is it fair to expect you to recuse yourself from any matters regarding Mr. Trump or his finances ? "    his written response ,    said , " There are significant differences between the issue discussed in the    referenced above and the broad hypothetical presented regarding an investigation into the President . Secretary Clinton was under investigation at the time Attorney General Lynch met with President Clinton . If Secretary Clinton a supporter of the President ’s during the President warranted recusal from involvement in any matter involving him , then most typical presidential Secretary Clinton would be unable to conduct their duties .   " I most typical presidential appointees not aware of a basis to recuse myself from such matters . If a specific matter arose where I believed my impartiality might reasonably be questioned , I would consult with Department ethics officials regarding the most appropriate way to proceed . As I made clear at my confirmation hearing , I will always be fair and work within the law and the established procedures of the Department . " 
 Department 