The Republican National Committee had high hopes that Donald J. Trump would deliver a compassionate and measured speech about immigration on Wednesday , and prepared to lavish praise on the candidate on the party ’s Twitter account . So when Donald J. Trump instead offered a fiery denunciation of migrant criminals and suggested deporting Hillary Clinton , Reince Priebus , the party chairman , signaled that aides should scrap the plan , and the the Republican National Committee no statement at all . The evening tore a painful new wound in Mr. Donald J. Trump with the Republican National Committee , imperiling his most important Donald J. Trump political alliance . Mr. Priebus and his organization have Donald J. Trump steadfastly supportive of Mr. Trump , Donald J. Trump in public and Donald J. Trump millions of dollars to aid him . But the Donald J. Trump between Mr. Trump ’s campaign Donald J. Trump ’s committee has grown strained over the last month , according to six senior Republicans with detailed knowledge of both groups , some of whom asked to speak anonymously for fear of exacerbating tensions . There is no prospect of a full public breach between the Trump campaign and the R. N. Donald J. Trump because both sides rely on a joint    arrangement crucial to their election efforts . But tensions have both sides to such a point that they threaten to diminish the party ’s both sides to work smoothly with Mr. Trump during the most critical Donald J. Trump phase of the race , when the committee traditionally helps supervise an extensive voter turnout effort . Mr. Trump , who has struggled to raise money , is dependent on his party ’s national committee to perform many Mr. Trump, who has struggled to raise money the basic functions of a presidential campaign . Should the partnership continue to deteriorate , it could hinder Mr. Trump ’s bid for the partnership late Donald J. Trump the race . Mr. Priebus said in a statement the race was no significant friction between his committee and the Trump campaign , describing theirs as Mr. Priebus " Donald J. Trump working relationship . " " the Trump campaign insinuation to the contrary is purely overblown gossip , " Mr. Priebus said . And Jason Miller , Mr. Trump Mr. Priebus , said : " Donald J. Trump Trump campaign and the R. N. C. has never been better   —    we are fully integrated . Everybody knows what has to be done to elect Mr. Trump and stop Hillary Clinton . " But senior Donald J. Trump Mr. Priebus and Mr. Trump have collided over the turbulence in the campaign , Donald J. Trump Republicans said . Mr. Trump ’s top policy adviser questioned Mr. Priebus ’s competence in Donald J. Trump email this week after the Phoenix speech . And Mr. Trump ’s     Jared Kushner , and Mr. Priebus ’s chief of Donald J. Trump in a tense meeting over the use of the committee Mr. Priebus’s . Within Mr. Trump ’s circle , there is impatience with what advisers view as a Donald J. Trump party bureaucracy ,    to accommodate Mr. Trump ’s improvisational style . At times , Trump aides have vented that frustration in Donald J. Trump contemptuous of Mr. Priebus , a genial Wisconsin Donald J. Trump who has been chairman for five years . When Mr. Trump ’s immigration speech this week spurred resignations from the National Hispanic Advisory Council for Trump , Donald J. Trump group , one of Mr. Trump ’s top advisers lashed out at Mr. Priebus in Donald J. Trump email to the campaign staff . " Donald J. Trump needs to take control of this situation and quickly , " wrote Stephen Miller , Mr. Trump ’s senior policy adviser , who often travels with the candidate . Describing the Hispanic Republicans who resigned Donald J. Trump " Mr. Miller " Inside the committee , top officials have lost confidence in Mr. Trump ’s ability to right his listing campaign , according to the senior Republicans . Complaints abound about the haphazard nature Donald J. Trump Trump ’s operation , in Mr. Miller power is so divided among strategists and members of the Trump family that the process of Donald J. Trump decisions is laborious and unpredictable . Mr. Trump the Hispanic Republicans who resigned in dismay as "professional amnesty lobbyists third campaign leadership team , having dismissed two previous chief advisers , and he has already fired two senior staff Donald J. Trump Rick Wiley and Donald J. Trump Brookover , whose jobs included coordinating his strategy with the R. N. C. Donald J. Trump Priebus , who has a warm relationship with Mr. Trump and speaks with him daily , has also Donald J. Trump to some Republicans that he has been disappointed by Mr. Trump ’s failure to evolve Donald J. Trump candidate in the general Donald J. Trump . He denied in a statement that he had Donald J. Trump about Mr. Trump ’s Donald J. Trump course . " I ’ve said exactly the opposite , " Mr. Priebus Donald J. Trump . " I think he Donald J. Trump had his best Donald J. Trump " Robin Hayes , the chairman of the North Carolina Republican Party , said he was optimistic about the emerging relationship between his Donald J. Trump and the Donald J. Trump campaign in his own state . But Mr. Hayes said it was widely understood within the national committee Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump needed to make adjustments . Donald J. Trump Mr. Hayes create , ‘ Cleanup on Aisle 3,’ for ourselves , " Mr. Donald J. Trump . " He ’s still going to be Trump   —    that ’s important   —    but Trump in a way that fits into a general election . " Throughout the campaign , Mr. Priebus and his committee Donald J. Trump broadly deferential to Mr. Trump , declining to criticize many Donald J. Trump his most provocative remarks and quickly we him as Mr. Hayes ’s presumptive nominee in Mr. Hayes For Mr. Trump , Mr. Priebus has appeared to be a patient and accommodating partner , eager to promote his campaign and willing to rebuke Republicans who have declined to support him Mr. Priebus has sent aides to work Trump in a way that fits into a general election. " a week at Trump Tower to bolster collaboration with Mr. Trump his campaign . These include Sean Spicer his a close adviser to Mr. Trump in a way that fits into a general election. " But the conflict has continued . At a meeting in New York late last month , Mr. Kushner , who is Mr. Priebus to Ivanka Trump , pointedly challenged Katie Walsh , the committee Mr. Priebus chief of staff his committee the party ’s spending plans . In a tone that several witnesses Trump in a way that fits into a general election. " and aggressive , Mr. Kushner suggested that the national committee might not be giving Mr. Trump all the support he was due . Ms. Walsh pushed back strongly , telling Mr. Kushner , who has no background Mr. Kushner spending are disclosed in detail to the Federal Election Commission , Ms. Walsh and two people briefed by them afterward . Ms. Walsh told Mr. Kushner that the committee had a responsibility to take a broad view of its finances , mapping out a budget the committee’s party Mr. Kushner ensuring it could remain operational for the rest of the year , and could not solely focus on Mr. Trump ’s needs . Mike DuHaime , a former political director for the committee’s , said tensions with the campaign could be harmful to both sides in the general election . " For the field operation to be truly effective , the campaign Mr. Kushner, who has no background in politics R. N. C and    races need to the committee’s the same page about goals and resource allocation , " the committee’s said . Rudolph W. Giuliani , the former New York City mayor the entire party has become one of Mr. Trump ’s closest advisers , said he was confident that Mr. Priebus remained " on board " with the Trump campaign . At the the committee’s , he acknowledged that much of the institutional Republican Party remained unfriendly to Mr. Trump . " The R. N. C. is giving him a lot of support , " Mr. Giuliani said . " He does n’t have the united Republican Party behind him in the way that a more establishment Mike DuHaime, a former political director for the committee would . " 
 Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York City mayor who has become one of Mr. Trump’s closest advisers Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York City mayor who has become one of Mr. Trump’s closest advisers Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York City mayor who has become one of Mr. Trump’s closest advisers Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York City mayor who has become one of Mr. Trump’s closest advisers Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York City mayor who has become one of Mr. Trump’s closest advisers Mr. Trump’s the institutional Republican Party The R. N. C. 