A Wisconsin man was arrested for allegedly harassing Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. a supporter of Donald Trump , for two hours on a flight from Milwaukee to Charlotte Saturday . [ Police arrested Preston Bluntson , 36 of Milwaukee , on charges of intoxicated and disruptive behavior direct at Clarke , The Charlotte Observer reported .   Clarke is a known supporter of Donald Trump ’s campaign for the presidency , and has spoken at the Republican National Convention on Donald Trump ’s behalf . Clarke ’s also spoken out against President Barack Obama ’s campaign to subject state and local police forces to federal regulation . Bluntson , who is familiar with Clarke political stances , said the sheriff was not " one of us . " A passenger on the flight who asked The Milwaukee    not to be named said that Bluntson was loud and disruptive , directing his A passenger on the flight who asked The Milwaukee   not to be named to Clarke Clarke at the back of the plane . " The guy was very abusive , " the A passenger on the flight who asked The Milwaukee   not to be named to The Observer . The the sheriff up from his seat the sheriff told the guy to The guy out " after Bluntson started harassing Bluntson and flight crew , according to a statement from the Milwaukee County Sheriff ’s Office . When the plane was the plane land , Bluntson got out Bluntson his seat and Bluntson taunting his seat the sheriff asking him what he was Bluntson to Bluntson about it . " the statement said . The lawman , a statement from the Milwaukee County Sheriff’s Office , shoved him down into his seat and held him The lawman until his seat The lawman officer came on The lawman to arrest Bluntson . Three to Bluntson other police officers met Bluntson after he left Bluntson plane while Clarke filled out paperwork a   police officer the incident . Bluntson was released on Bluntson from the Mecklenburg County Jail on Sept. 25 , The Observer reported . Clarke released a statement saying he was disappointed that Clarke air marshal was on Clarke and said that the United States Attorney ’s Office should review the incident in order to send a message to the incident not harass passengers or flight crew . 
 