  ( CNN ) The man Donald Trump appointed Thursday to be vice chair of a commission to investigate voter fraud repeatedly backed Trump ’s unfounded charge that millions voted illegally in the 2016 election . Trump’s signed an executive order creating the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity and named Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach as vice chair . For the past decade , Kobach State Kris Kobach advocated for strict immigration laws and tough voter identification laws . In Kobach State Kris Kobach Trump Trump’s chose someone who supports his Trump’s of massive vote fraud in the 2016 election . " We do know that there ’s a very large number , " Kobach State Kris Kobach on " Cavuto " on Fox News in February .   " And it will be impossible to ever know what the exact number of noncitizens who voted . " Kobach State Kris Kobach , " I think it the exact number of noncitizens who voted probably in excess of a million . If you take the whole country . I think it ’s in excess of a million if you take the the whole country for sure . "   Kobach State Kris Kobach it would be hard to know if the illegal votes changed the election outcome , but said that most would have voted for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . " It ’s hard to say , " Kobach State Kris Kobach . " Well , you would have to then assume that the vast majority of them voted for the illegal votes , not Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . " In November , Kobach State Kris Kobach also quick to rush to Trump ’s defense Trump claims . " I think the    is absolutely correct when he says the number the    illegal votes cast exceeds the popular vote margin between him and Hillary Clinton the    Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , " Kobach State Kris Kobach a group of reporters . Kobach State Kris Kobach not respond to a request for comment . Trump aide Kellyanne Conway also cited Kobach State Kris Kobach attempting to back Trump ’s claims . Speaking on Good Morning America in November , Conway said some of Trump Trump aide Kellyanne Conway information came from Trump’s State Kris Kobach " The    has been talking to different people , including Kris Kobach of Kansas , about voting irregularities or the number of illegal votes that may have been cast , " Conway   said . " Trump aide Kellyanne Conway believe that he bases his information on that Trump aide Kellyanne Conway " Trump aide Kellyanne Conway 