’   ’ "    Steve Bannon , President Donald Trump ’s chief strategist , will no    longer sit on the National Security Council . " ’    The White House   dated April 4 that    President Donald Trump’s was reorganizing the National Security Council and that Bannon would no longer be    on it . Bloomberg . ’ ’    " As President , my highest priority is to ensure the safety and    security of the American people , " the memo said . ’ ’    President Donald Trump’s also downgraded the role of Homeland Security Adviser Tom    Bossert , according to Bloomberg Bloomberg ’ ’    National Intelligence Director Dan Coats and the chairman of the    Joint Chiefs of Staff , Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford , are back    to being " regular attendees " of the NSC’ ’s principals committee ,       interagency forum that deals with policy issues affecting       security . ’ ’’ "    The moves come months after Trump   that removed some of the    nation ’s top military and intelligence advisers , including Coats    and Dunford , as regular attendees of the NSC ’s principals’    committee and elevated Bannon to becoming a regular attendee .    That shakeup . " ’    A senior White House source   that Bannon Bannon put on the NSC as a check on    former    Security Adviser Michael Flynn and that he    Bannon just one meeting . Now that Flynn is Michael Flynn longer on the    NSC appears NSC is no longer Bannon , either . ’ "    Two senior White House officials   that Bannon ’s removal from Bannon    was NSC a demotion . " ’    Bannon will retain his    clearance , Bannon Bloomberg reporter Bannon Jacobs . ’ "    Trump ’s new    ’    R. McMaster , made the    decision to reshuffle the NSC ,   The Wall Street Journal . " ’    Bannon told The Journal that former National Security Adviser    Susan The Wall Street Journal operationalized " the NSC during the Obama    administration and he wanted to work against that . ’ ’    Bannon I was put on to ensure that it was " Bannon    said . " General McMaster has returned the Bannon its proper    function . " ’ " " the NSC , President " the NSC Trump ’s chief . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 