  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s campaign has made payments to an unusual new company for web advertising with little footprint beyond a New Hampshire home with a     name : Draper Sterling     a reference to Don Draper and Roger Sterling , two of the main characters on the    show " Mad Men . " Donald Trump paid $ 35 , 000 to Draper Sterling     last month , a business that lists a home in Londonderry , New Hampshire , as Donald Trump principal address , according to the New New Hampshire of state ’s website .   As reporters , including from the liberal blog Think Progress and BuzzFeed , combed through Donald Trump ’s federal financial disclosures filed late Monday , the Draper Sterling name stood out . That ’s for a reason , Paul Holzer , a data analyst for the firm , told CNN Tuesday . Holzer said he Paul Holzer Jonathan Paul Holzer " picked a name to be funny . We were a he and Jonathan Adkins    and wanted to get some attention . " Holzer described Draper Paul Holzer as a data analytics company that performs data analysis , voter profiles and statistics for political campaigns , but also does most of its data analytic work for hospitals and medical delivery services . He said he Paul Holzer n’t Paul Holzer how Trump campaign staffers found his company . Trump you are good you are good , " he said . Paul Holzer and the Trump campaign did not Trump to a request for comment from CNN .   The company was formed Trump and incorporated in Delaware . The Londonderry home is owned by Jonathan Adkins and his wife Adkins , according Adkins Rockingham County real estate records .   Holzer and Adkins were also paid Adkins and the Trump campaign 000 each independently of Draper Sterling by the Trump campaign , according to the Federal Election Commission records , for " field consulting work . " The two men share another tie     both Holzer , a    medical student at Dartmouth , and Adkins are listed as officers of Adkins    company called Xeno Therapeutics , which says it has procedures to treat burn victims .   Trump ’s campaign is not the only organization the group has worked for this year .   A super PAC called Patriots for America owes the firm slightly more than $ 56 , A super PAC according to federal election records filed in April . That super PAC , listed in records as a Wilmington , Delaware , organization , is listed as a fundraiser for Republicans in the Missouri governor ’s race . A phone call to Patriots for America transferred to Grace ’s Grantham Cafe Patriots for America , America Hampshire . Adkins     the owner of Draper Sterling and the man paid on the FEC report     owns that cafe , according to New Hampshire state records .   As for the biggest question New Hampshire on social media     is Draper Sterling a real agency ?     Holzer said truth is n’t Draper Sterling as fiction . " When the dust settles , people are going to be real disappointed to find out how boring this story really is , " Holzer said . 
 Holzer 