On the day after Donald J. Trump was declared the    an incident in a Michigan middle school became big news when video of kids chanting " build a wall " was deemed a " racist " attack on students of color . Now a Michigan middle school is dealing with the backlash from that video of kids it a Michigan middle school some parents upset at the student who posted the footage online . [ On November 10 , video showing children at Royal Oak Middle School calling out the " wall " chant went viral online , with many insisting it was a " racist " outburst .    Some Hispanic students later claimed the chants " scared " them and Some Hispanic students the day the chant erupted in the school Royal Oak Middle School school officials even called police on the kids . Local news reports noted that the Royal Oak police department stationed officers outside the school on the Royal Oak Middle School chant rang out and the chant days afterward . CNN deemed the video an example of " racism " and recently noted that the " collateral damage " from the video is growing . Many the video for instance , are upset at the Hispanic student who took the cell phone video of the incident and posted it online , saying that the girl the cell phone video of the incident put their children at risk . Once the Many parents gained worldwide attention , parents the video their children began to be singled out and parents up for harassment . Royal Oak Schools superintendent Shawn    also noted that the video was " very disruptive . " the video that video went viral , it brought a lot the video , "    told the video . " The attention that prompts us to grow and to improve is welcome attention . The attention that generated violent comments to the social media post , condemnations of the entire school and community , threats against the school and community brought an unwelcome level of attention that was very disruptive . "    also noted that some of the children delivering the " wall " chant were identified and parents were notified , though the superintendent would n’t say what if any punishment was meted out . But some parents felt that the student who took the video ,     Hispanic girl Josie Ramon , had put their own children in danger . Some have said the some parents should be held accountable . Josie also told Josie is feeling the pressure of those who object to her Josie . " When I walked into the room , Josie would walk out of the room for some reason . People would see me in the room and turn around and walk the other way , " the girl said . " I felt like an animal . Josie    insisted he saw both sides of the issue . " I empathize with parents Superintendent    "    told CNN . " There are parents who are concerned about the negative attention that has come to their children ’s school . " But whenever there ’s an experience of parents who are concerned about the negative attention that has come to their children’s school child that causes even one individual student to feel unwelcome or causes one individual student to question their value , it ’s going to be a big deal , " even one individual student concluded . " And we ’re going to respond , investigate , even one individual student through , have accountability and make sure the students involved in those situations do not repeat them . " Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the the students involved in those situations at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 