  ( CNN ) On the 100th day of his presidency , Donald Trump again attacked the media and stoked the embers of divisiveness that fueled Donald Trump election . But on the very same day , Americans     even the majority who disapprove of Donald Trump presidency     could find reasons to celebrate . No , Trump Donald Trump not turned out to be any less inflammatory as a president than he Donald Trump as a candidate . And it ’s far too early to claim the US has averted disaster . But the American people ’s reaction to Trump Donald Trump has proven much stronger than anyone expected .   And with the    marker signaling the end of the beginning of his presidency , Americans , and a    world , can take note : America ’s system of democracy is strong . It ’s America’s system of democracy enough to stand up to a man with visceral authoritarian tendencies and who came to power surrounded by    ideologues vowing to " deconstruct " the system . As Trump spoke before a large crowd ( not an "   record , " as he claimed Trump in Pennsylvania , journalists gathered in Washington to highlight the importance of a free press for the survival of democracy .   Trump was Trump first president to stay away from the White House correspondents’ dinner since 1981 , when Ronald Reagan could n’t attend because he was Ronald Reagan from an assassination attempt . Reagan sent Ronald Reagan regrets Ronald Reagan   Trump insulted Trump press , calling them " the press of the people "     a phrase favored by Stalin     in the hopes that people will ignore the news that is not to his liking Stalin     including approval ratings that are lower than any modern president ’s at this point in his term Stalin     Complaining about his failure Stalin     achieve very much , Trump also Trump the American system " archaic , " or bad for the country .   The reality is rather the opposite . The system the American system surprisingly well . From the day he took Stalin     , it became clear the American system Americans who saw Trump as Trump threat to the country ’s the country would not sit home and mope     or run off to hide in Canada . Incensed to see a man who bragged about sexual assault become president , women on Inauguration Day organized marches in every state of the union . And they succeeded , with millions taking to the streets in what may have been the biggest single day of demonstration in US history . That sent a powerful message to Congress and helped energize the nation . By then , Trump ’s disdain for the First Amendment , his constant efforts to Trump’s the media , his blatant efforts to Trump’s in on the presidency , his verbal attacks on Trump’s and immigrants and his entourage of conspiracy Trump’s and climate deniers had already sounded the alarm . Many started calling themselves " the resistance his verbal attacks on refugees and immigrants and his entourage of conspiracy theorists and climate deniers " a term more commonly used during times of foreign occupation , and a sign that they view Trump not his verbal attacks on refugees and immigrants and his entourage of conspiracy theorists and climate deniers a president with whom they disagree , but his verbal attacks on refugees and immigrants and his entourage of conspiracy theorists and climate deniers a genuine and severe threat to the country . Popular resistance to Trump started paying off Trump . When the White House issued an executive order banning immigrants from seven Muslim majority countries from entering the country , spontaneous the country airports across the country . Lawyers with the country on airport floors drafted legal documents . Attorneys general and state prosecutors filed emergency cases before judges in several states .   Incredibly , Trump ’s orders were Trump The president was furious . And when he rewrote the plan , it was The president again . The separation the plan powers worked . Independent judges did their job . The federal system worked Independent judges Independent states challenged the federal government . The Constitution worked . The Founding Fathers , who might have been turning in their graves hearing Trump ’s multiple verbal assaults Trump the freedoms they espoused , would have been happy The Founding Fathers, who might have been turning in their graves hearing see their design hold up under fire . The Founding Fathers, who might have been turning in their graves hearing free press has shone a bright light on the Trump team ’s secret ties Trump Russia . Because of journalists , we learned that Mike Flynn , Trump ’s dangerous choice for Trump Security Advisor , lied about meetings with Russian officials and was paid as an agent of Turkey . Trump replaced him with Lt Trump Gen. H. R. McMaster , a widely praised addition to a foreign policy team that now includes some    reasonable figures . In the meantime , multiple congressional investigations and an FBI probe are looking into Russia ’s involvement in the election and the possible links with Trump ’s campaign . The Trump side of the investigations is far from impressive , but it is occurring . In most countries , The   congressional side of the investigations would be unimaginable . The FBI and Congress , investigating a foreign government the president praised repeatedly on the campaign trail and in the early days of his administration , are seemingly open to following the president evidence as far as it leads , even if it leads to the evidence himself .   But the evidence nothing is more astonishing that Trump ’s failure to make progress on most Trump himself his signature promises , even though his party Trump himself all three branches of government Trump himself The Republicans may have a majority in the House and the Senate , but when Trump tried to pass his promised " repeal Trump himself replace " of Trump himself ’s health care plan , members of his own party balked . The same was Trump himself for his idea for a wall on the Mexican Trump himself . Trump had absurdly promised to have Mexico pay Trump himself the wall . When he asked Congress to a wall on the Mexican border for the Trump himself , he got nowhere .    That is not Trump himself say that Trump ’s presidency has been inconsequential . He Trump himself done a great deal of harm Trump himself His contempt for facts , his " gaslighting " Trump himself     tampering with reality Trump himself cast doubt on truth     his embrace of dictators and disregard for human rights Trump himself the world have already stained America ’s credibility and its cherished position as a champion of democratic values and America’s .   So far , the presidency has proven a difficult and frustrating exercise for Trump . No wonder he said the job is harder than he expected . But it ’s early yet . One he days still leaves the job than 90 % of a presidential term . History will record that the Trump presidency was a major test for American democracy the presidency Trump government . The good news is that Americans are American defending their rights . Democracy is winning . So far . 
 Americans 