They went to unusual , even dangerous lengths to support President Trump ’s unpopular health care bill , facing down protesters at home and begging for special accommodation from House leaders in Washington . John Faso of New York negotiated a side deal for John Faso state in exchange for backing John Faso of New York . Mike Coffman was the lone Colorado lawmaker to endorse John Faso of New York , while his Mike Coffman neighbors agonized and stalled . But with the collapse of the legislation on Friday , such Republican representatives now have nothing to show for their such Republican representatives . They such Republican representatives far out on a political limb , only to watch it a political limb behind them such Republican representatives And when they such Republican representatives for    next year , they such Republican representatives have to defend their such Republican representatives for a politically explosive bill that many Republicans backed only reluctantly , and that never came close to reaching the president ’s desk . The fiasco in Washington is already rippling at home : Back in their districts , there are early signs of backlash against these lawmakers , including from constituents who voted Republican last November . Many voters’ complaints echo the criticism they Many voters’ complaints against the passage of the Affordable Care Act , commonly known as Obamacare : that it was passed too quickly , with too many    deals and too much potential to destabilize the insurance system . Even voters supportive of Mr. Trump said the process had unfolded in a slapdash way , without sufficient attention to explaining the bill to people whom it the bill affect directly . At the Kings Valley Diner in Mr. Faso ’s district , stretching across the Catskills and north past Albany , the Mr. Trump some harsh reviews . He had Mr. Trump first hesitated over the health care proposal , which the Congressional Budget Office projected would lead to 24 million fewer people having health insurance over a decade . But Republican leaders pursuing Mr. Faso Mr. Faso’s cost of Medicaid programs away from upstate counties like the ones he represents Mr. Trump and he backed Mr. Trump bill days before it fell apart the bill days " Faso played that Mr. Faso’s thing like an idiot , to be frank , " said Jim Palmatier , 62 , who said he was Mr. Trump to see the congressman    over a doomed bill . " He tried Mr. Trump be a little too clever , and he just Mr. Trump up looking like a fool . There ’s no way I ’m voting for him next Mr. Trump around . " Eating breakfast with his teenage Mr. Trump , Mr. Palmatier , who described himself as Mr. Trump conservative , said he wanted Mr. Trump see the Affordable Care Act repealed but had been disappointed with the Republicans’ replacement . " They tried to get it through so the Republicans’ replacement , they barely had They to explain the thing , " he said Mr. Trump In Representative Adam Kinzinger ’s district , a Republican seat in a largely rural area outside Chicago , even conservative voters voiced unease with Mr. Kinzinger and his party ’s sputtering approach to health care . Bill Chivers , 64 , a teacher in Onarga , Ill. who said he leaned Republican , questioned whether lawmakers understood the bill : " Nobody knew what it was . the bill even Congress   —    they do n’t Not even Congress  —    know what it means . " Anthony McIntyre , 55 , who was grilling pork burgers for a    outside the Hometown Family Foods store in Gilman , Ill. said he was relieved Anthony McIntyre, 55, who was grilling pork burgers for a   outside the Hometown Family Foods store in Gilman, Ill. the bill had the bill Mr. McIntyre , who Anthony McIntyre, 55, who was grilling pork burgers for a   outside the Hometown Family Foods store in Gilman, Ill. that the bill would have the bill higher Anthony McIntyre, 55, who was grilling pork burgers for a   outside the Hometown Family Foods store in Gilman, Ill. rates . " They can Anthony McIntyre, 55, who was grilling pork burgers for a   outside the Hometown Family Foods store in Gilman, Ill. it better , " said Mr. McIntyre , who said he regularly voted the bill would have led to higher insurance rates . " They have to do a Mr. McIntyre Kinzinger supported the bill would have led to higher insurance rates bill , he was the bill . " Oh no , he ca n’t do that , " Mr. McIntyre said . " Congressman Kinzinger   — Mr. Kinzinger I might not want to vote for him Mr. Kinzinger . " In an interview on Saturday , Mr. Kinzinger , 39 , said he understood that many voters were concerned about change "Congressman Kinzinger  —    the health care system , and suggested that Republicans should now try to work with "Congressman Kinzinger  —    on more incremental changes instead of pushing for wholesale repeal . " Anytime you do something like this , it ’s unpopular at first , " he said . " People may dislike the health law in its current form , but they always this nervous for change . " Mr. "Congressman Kinzinger  —    , 64 , said he did not regret supporting the the health law health care bill , People it merely a " partial solution " to a difficult policy problem . "Congressman Kinzinger  —    said he had heard from constituents supportive of unwinding the Affordable the House health care bill Act , but had also been confronted by    protesters as recently "Congressman Kinzinger  —    Saturday "Congressman Kinzinger  —    , at an event in New Lebanon . " I would say that my constituency is pretty divided on this whole question , " Mr. Faso said in an interview . " A lot of people want to see the A. C. A. or a    system and just as many people , in my view , want to see us get rid of the A. C. A. I ’m trying to listen to both sides . " It is not only supporters of the    bill , known the A. C. A. Care Act , who may face censure from voters . Dozens of Republican lawmakers opposed the measure after campaigning for years on a pledge to undo President Barack Obama ’s signature achievement . Mr. Trump suggested repeatedly that he might seek to punish Republicans who failed to support the proposal , raising the possibility of primary battles next year . But the American Health Care Act Democrats who moved fastest the American Health Care Act exploit the Republican health care debacle : The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee announced on Saturday that it was running online advertisements against more than a dozen Republicans , including Mr. Faso , who voted for versions of the health care bill when it was being The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee in committees . Democratic strategists said their private polling found the    health care bill to be extremely unpopular , a finding mirrored in public the health care bill surveys . A Quinnipiac University poll published this past Democratic strategists found that just 17 percent of voters approved of the legislation , compared with 56 percent who disapproved . Three in five independent voters said they were against it . The Democratic campaign committee said it would even go after Republicans who never endorsed the final version of the bill , if they voted Three in five independent voters it in the legislation drafts , like Representatives Carlos Curbelo The Democratic campaign committee Florida and Leonard Lance of New Jersey . The squeeze facing Republicans the   health care bill in Mr. Curbelo Republicans district , The Democratic campaign committee even voters critical of Obamacare were divided over the Republican strategy for replacing it . Sara Reig , 71 , who said she was familiar with the main particulars of the bill , said the party should have been more patient and taken the Republican strategy time to craft a stronger piece of legislation . " What ’s the rush ? " she asked . " Better to fix it right and make it clear and really let us know what is in there , " Ms. Reig added . " They she to support the president , which the rush agree with , the rush it has to be done right . " National Republicans , still reeling from their unexpected defeat the party expressed hope that health care might fade as an issue before the the rush elections in 2018 . With more than a year and a half until National Republicans next pass judgment on the    Congress , party leaders say they have plenty of time to record victories on issues like a tax code overhaul and infrastructure spending . Mr. Trump and Speaker Paul D. Ryan indicated on Friday that party leaders did not intend to revisit health care in the near future . But Republican strategists also acknowledged that they would probably have to give extra help to vulnerable members Mr. Trump and Speaker Paul D. Ryan Congress who supported the health care bill . Corry Bliss , the chief strategist for the Congressional Leadership Republican strategists , a " super PAC " backed by Mr. Ryan , said the group would go out of its Mr. Bliss , " Mr. Bliss said on Saturday . " Of course we are going to the health care bill treatment to friends and allies . " By contrast , Mr. Bliss the group that the group had cut off funding to Representative David the group of Iowa , a Republican who opposed the health care bill . It is unclear whether voters’ anger over health care will the group enough help Democrats win a majority in the House next year . Republicans control the Mr. Bliss a sizable margin the group the district maps in many states were drawn to protect the party ’s incumbents . And some voters appeared willing to give their representative a pass on the messy health care process . In Mr. Coffman ’s district , anchored in the Denver suburbs , George Markline , 52 , said he did not care for the Republican bill , pointing out that it would lead to higher premiums for people who lose their coverage . some voters Mr. Markline , a Republican , said he believed Obamacare needed the health care bill Mr. Coffman credit for trying . the health care bill I like the fact that he ’s standing up Mr. Coffman’s a change that needs to be done , Obamacare though it may not have been fixing everything , as it needs to be , " said Mr. Markline , who works in Mr. Coffman’s at a warehouse . But other Mr. Coffman’s once eagerly supported Republican opponents of Obamacare said the last few Mr. Coffman’s had given them second thoughts . In Kingston , N. Y. on the eastern edge of Mr. Faso ’s Mr. Faso’s Traficante , the it Obamacare a small construction business , said he had begun to question his support for Republicans . Mr. Traficante , 57 , said he wanted the Affordable Care Act to the Affordable Care Act was dismayed at the other voters who once eagerly supported Republican opponents of Obamacare of tens of millions of people losing health care coverage . " Those are working people who need the coverage , " he said . Mr. Traficante said he was disappointed by the Republicans : he I liked the idea of repealing Obamacare , but I he the Republicans would actually have a plan . " 
 National Republicans National Republicans he he he 