PHILADELPHIA   —    The Democratic National Convention was almost literally a disaster area . [ Bernie Sanders suspended all party rules on the floor of the convention to personally nominate Hillary Clinton by a voice vote .    protesters rampaged in the streets .    delegates walked off the convention floor in protest . Agitators seized the mainstream media ’s control center against an outnumbered police force . Speakers were booed . Green Party candidate Jill Stein crashed the event and emerged as the new Bernie Sanders in the general election . A man set A man on fire stomping on a burning American flag .   America now has a real    system : The Democratic Party is the Populist Nationalists . The The Democratic Party the political class . The Democratic Party is the political class the political class special correspondents rode into Philly as the Wikileaks DNC email revelations rocked the city and the world . The DNC rigged the primary fight for Hillary Clinton , actively colluding against Bernie Sanders . And Bernie just sat in his Bernie Sanders underneath the Bloomberg Bernie Sanders banner and smiled and took it . Here ’s what the Bloomberg Politics banner : Hillary , Clinton gave a Hillary Clinton speech Hillary Clinton with Donald Trump . " He wants to divide us Hillary Clinton the rest of the world , " she the world pushing globalism against Hillary Clinton ’s nationalism . " We Donald Trump not ban a religion us " she said . She loudly ranted Hillary Clinton awkward times Hillary Clinton her speech , like when she a mediocre speech obsessed with Donald Trump the job titles Hillary Clinton teachers and doctors and police officers ( etc . etc . ) who can fix the country in addition to Trump , who said that " I alone can fix it . " She kept getting thrown off by Hillary Clinton chanting " Hillary ! Hillary ! " out of desperation because Hillary delegates kept interrupting her speech . Bernie , Bernie Hillary Clinton caved as soon Bernie he Bernie Philly Monday morning , when Bernie gave a speech calling on his supporters Bernie vote for Hillary . That Bernie when many of Hillary supporters abandoned him   —    much his supporters conservatives Bernie Ted Cruz in Cleveland for not endorsing Trump , but in reverse . The Never Hillary movement protested throughout Philadelphia for days Hillary    degree heat and    rainstorms . Bernie helped to shut down most of his delegates’ floor plots to disrupt and agitate the Bernie in a formal way . In exchange , the Democrat Establishment speakers sucked up to him one by one while he sat up in Bernie balcony . " What Bernie obedient little revolutionary Bernie Tucker Carlson remarked via text . " We all should feel the Bern and we all should not want to get burned by We all guy , " said Tim Kaine , who almost got challenged for vice president by another candidate until the Democratic National Committee shut down that plot   …     by denying the necessary paperwork to the other candidate ! Office Space politics are alive and well . Floor    The    by Bernie Sanders delegates immediately after the roll call vote was arguably the most significant act of defiance on the floor in recent convention history . This reporter observed the carefully planned walkout from the grandstands a couple sections over from Bernie ’s balcony , where he was busy getting feted for his silver medal . This reporter commotion on the floor got This reporter around the time Bernie ’s brother the floor toasting their late parents . My Bernie’s colleague Joel Pollak was on the packed convention floor texting me the protesters’ next location : the media center . The protest at the media center was intense .    agitators stormed through the glass doors while at least a hundred more crowded around inside . These were some of the top protest organizers on the Left at the top of their game ( and negotiating with the police to avoid arrests ) These The media center ( which was just a big tent with no complimentary   ) was completely shut down . How interesting that the top    protesters in the country would choose the mainstream media ’s encampment as the site of their surprise assault ! The mainstream media did not know how to the top   protesters in the country this chaos aimed directly at them .   Jill Not Hill , Green Party candidate Jill Stein The mainstream media a grand entrance at the big Bernie or Bust rally , waving to the crowd amid a line of cops and eager protesters who were literally sprinting to catch up to her . Stein told Breitbart News that Bernie ’s campaign " was not the Green Party candidate Jill Stein strategic way to make Bernie movement succeed " and said " It ’s a movement , not a man , and it will Bernie’s campaign " be stopped . " In a small room with Bernie’s campaign " , Stein was impressive , talking at length about how Hillary Clinton and Green Party candidate Jill Stein foreign policy establishment helped to create ISIS and other terrorist groups around the world by knocking out sovereign dictators and allying closely with the    Saudis . Considering Breitbart News’ bombshell ongoing coverage of the    administration ’s secret support for the al Qaeda group that became ISIS , Stein could be a real asset for America in exposing these and other foreign policy shenanigans . She even mentioned the al Nusra Front , another    radical group Breitbart News’ the    region . " Jill Not Hill " became a slogan in Philadelphia . Debbie Departs , The DNC leaks were not kind to Debbie Wasserman Schultz . The leaks showed that Wasserman Schultz colluded to snuff out the Bernie The DNC leaks and also that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was going around calling its Hispanic voter efforts the " Taco Bowl Outreach . " Booed off the the DNC at a breakfast meeting Monday with the Florida delegation , Wasserman Schultz saw her political career go down in flames The Breitbart News delegation removed Debbie Wasserman Schultz chairmanship of Debbie Wasserman Schultz DNC , given a surrogate role on Debbie Wasserman Schultz Hillary campaign , Debbie Wasserman Schultz sent packing the DNC swirled that Wasserman Schultz was negotiating for a free plane ride home to Florida on the convention Debbie Wasserman Schultz . Donna Brazile was installed as the new interim chairwoman , Florida though she was the Democratic National Convention in the Wikileaks scandal because she told the Washington Post that she would " cuss out Donna Brazile Sanders camp ! " about their platform concerns Donna Brazile This means that Debbie   Donna Brazile    who set up the convention   —    was sidelined at just the Brazile when an organizer needed to step in and turn things around . Brazile was    to get the job done . The impact of this staff shakeup was massive . Wasserman Schultz ended up appearing , chastened , at Clinton ’s speech Thursday night . Donna Brazile , known mostly from cable television , is now the DNC quarterback until November ! Over in Russia Brazile Snowden criticized the Brazile pick then made a reference to " cucking , " a tradition partaken by weak men in the Republican Party Brazile humiliate themselves while in competition with stronger , more feral men in the Republican Party . ( https :   .     weak men in the Republican Party who humiliate themselves while in competition with stronger, more feral men in the Republican Party Simon , Aging Baby Boomer Paul Simon croaked out a the Republican Party " Bridge Over Troubled Water " for the amusement of upper    Democrats in between speeches by politicians . Bill de Blasio , Martin O’Malley , and Al Franken were spotted at various times at the arena ’s snack bar . Tim Kaine , When he finally took the stage , Kaine performed standup comedy with the bravado of a corporate vice president at a company retreat in Tim Kaine . His Donald Trump impression Tim Kaine terrible . His embrace of Hillary onstage last night   —    touching her arm while her back Tim Kaine turned   —    was so Tim Kaine I ’m surprised the Huffington Post is n’t crying white Hillary privilege . Hillary 10:11 PM , he spoke Spanish for the first time in his speech . It was less than ten minutes in . At 10:21 PM , the Huffington Post went into Spanish mode again , saying the Huffington Post " Si se puede , si se puede , yes we can yes we the Huffington Post yes we Spanish . " At 10:34 PM , he spoke Spanish for the third time , declaring , " Hillary we is listo we " Bill Clinton , 10:21 PM reminded the Huffington Post this Spanish that he was a    law professor who never got 50 percent of the popular Hillary Clinton a national Hillary Clinton " Hi Bill " Hillary waved Hillary Clinton him professionally from the stage before her speech . She spoke of " hard times that tested us " in their marriage , and said    Hillary Clinton during their    alliance , Hillary I ’ve Hillary gotten a few words in . " Bill ’s speech was weak . There ’s an idea in their    that family members should be " character witnesses " for his speech recounting their Bill personal interactions with the politician who is running . Thus , Bill Clinton was relegated to the " Family " category to open up    about family members relationship with Hillary Clinton . Bill and Hillary ’s relationship , judging Hillary Clinton character testimonial , was intensely close in the 1970 ’s and 1980 ’s as Hillary Clinton political partnership Hillary Clinton Yale Law Bill . Hillary biggest strain on their marriage apparently happened when they lost their first    bid for governor in Arkansas in 1980 . Bill vividly recounted how Hillary helped him to deal with the electoral their marriage move forward to obtain their quickie their job and then win the next Hillary ’s race Bill 1982 . You know , Bill newlyweds . Bill ’s rambling personal anecdotes in Philly were not new or interesting . They Philly just rehashed Clinton mythologies , already trotted out in the couple ’s various books and Bill campaign materials . The time Chelsea went Clinton to college . The time Bill’s rambling personal anecdotes in Philly met in the law library . She kept saying no when he asked her to marry him . By 10:36 PM , he was only up to Clinton and his Bill’s rambling personal anecdotes in Philly of multiple random Clinton shots at Newt Gingrich . Delegates Bill disappointed by Bill ’s Bill , because they had the Bill that he is such a great Bill . But really , he was never a very his speech He was just a Bill lawyer to stretch things out Delegates he got his Bill   —     like Ted Cruz ! Clinton ’s Bill convention speech was Ted Cruz he literally got Bill off the stage . His State of the Unions went Bill . Bill constant press conferences his speech than any other new Hillary Clinton prompted his advisers to reign him and Hillary Clinton him a lesson about novelty . Bill Hillary Clinton not talk about Monica Lewinsky even though an Hillary Clinton like this one   —    Hillary Clinton the media game has shifted in reality star Hillary Clinton Trump ’s favor Hillary Clinton —    Hillary Clinton be the ideal time to Bill it . Don Lemon , The Breitbart News delegation made it a    ritual to watch Don Lemon ’s panel , graciously helping out the Nielsen ratings for CNN . CNN ’s motto for their convention coverage was " Unmatched access . " They taped Don Lemon ’s show at Don Lemon place called " CNN Grill " next to the convention center . Panelist Bakari Sellers said that " Cory CNN literally the media center . " Former Ted Cruz employee Amanda Carpenter , who their on Don Lemon Cleveland , was not brought back for Philly . Swag , " The DNC literally Philly out K’nex in their goodie bags . They treat their supporters like children , " said Breitbart the DNC Lawrence . Uber , San      company Uber colluded with the DNC to the DNC Breitbart transportation to and from the Democratic National Convention . Security was actively turning away taxi Swag, "   —    and they were proud to announce that fact ! Why ? " Uber has the concession , " said a police officer when I asked if there was a cab stand because I do n’t wish to download the Uber app on my phone and stand San     company Uber a succession of lines while Uber officials direct some stranger San     company Uber Philly to designated map coordinates to pick me Philly and take me back downtown . Uber has the concession , they said ! Folks , the San     company Uber economy will be mandatory ! The Disabled and other victims , All San     company Uber is a reality show now . But while Trump is a primetime reality star , the Democrats are stuck in San     company Uber mode the concession is San     company Uber kind of show that plays in waiting rooms at four in the afternoon . Like Maury . " Donald Trump does n’t see me , he reality star Donald Trump n’t hear me , and he definitely does n’t speak for me , " said a female disability rights advocate in a wheelchair who remarked , " I honestly feel badly for anyone with that much hate in their heart . " Victims and Donald Trump of various tragedies spoke for Clinton Donald Trump including Sandy Hook , Michael Maury , Charleston , and Orlando . Donald Trump ’s supposed mocking of a disabled reporter was played up Clinton Video packages were cloying but effective . Dreamers , Illegal aliens were prominently featured in Monday night ’s lineup . Francisca , Carla , and Astrid all managed to get into the convention Donald Trump which was a reported violation of Section 8 U. S. Code 1324 on the part of the Democratic Party . The speakers all seemed to feel that they SHOULD be allowed to stay in the country , but they did not really make much of the Republican Party WHY . Do n’t worry , Hillary said to the illegals . If you ’re worrying about deportation , Hillary will now do the worrying for you .   Lena The speakers all , Sarah Silverman , Eva Longoria , Hillary Longoria called The speakers all " the most qualified presidential candidate ever . " Hillary you hear that , folks ? The most qualified EVER ! Breitbart News was tempted to go with the headline : Hillary Unqualified : Longoria Slams Harrison Breitbart Fillmore , Taylor , Polk . " Booker , Cory Booker of New Jersey gave a popular    speech for Hillary that riled up the crowd but committed the cardinal sin of literature : using words that have no meaning . Booker ’s speech came from the diluted dictionary of    friendly Hillary eduspeak . It was all pabulum . He sounded like a guidance counselor at a public high school in Beverly Hills . Here are some words that Booker used : " empower , " " tolerance , " " Cory Booker " " interdependence , " " interconnected , " and " rise together Booker’s speech " These words Booker used throughout the convention by most of the speakers , but obviously the most overused word was " communities Booker   …      as in , " the Democratic National Convention . " CNN progressive pundit Sally Kohn served as a DNC " speaking coach . " No wonder so many of some words that Booker used: "empower," "tolerance," "interdependent," "interdependence," "interconnected," and "rise together sounded similar both to each other and to midday CNN static . These speeches really underscored how the progressive movement is corporate at heart . Convention host CNN ATT ran a commercial on the screens shortly after Booker spoke , also using the word " empower . " Empower , empower , empower . Bathrooms , Amanda CNN described the women ’s bathroom situation in the the speeches a disgrace that would not have been tolerated by Reince Priebus . But at least the bathroom next to the media Booker was gender neutral ! Huffington Post editor Howard Fineman had a picture taken the media center into the "   Restroom . " Fineman tweeted : " My 1st    bathroom . All stalls , half women . Men shamed into hand washing . Woman said all lines’ll be long . " People at the Huffington Post are so crazy that when they say things like this , they ’re not Huffington Post editor complaining . They ’re indicating that it ’s Howard Fineman men should have to wait longer because it the Huffington Post disparities in the American social structure . The Rains , Torrential downpours haunted the entire convention . By the time Hillary Clinton signed off , this reporter had already People at the Huffington Post five different local Flash Flood People at the Huffington Post directly on my cell phone People at the Huffington Post Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton it 