  ( CNN ) Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon , a Democratic member of the Senate Intelligence Committee and a vocal privacy advocate , has formally objected to the Senate voting Friday on CIA director nominee Rep. Mike Pompeo ’s nomination after Donald Trump is sworn in as president , a source familiar with the situation told CNN Thursday .    Instead , Donald Trump is sworn in as president, a source familiar with the situation said , the Pompeo vote would likely be pushed back until Monday , after senators critical of CIA director nominee Rep. Mike Pompeo confirmation have time to vocalize their concerns senators critical of Pompeo’s confirmation debate on the floor . An official familiar with the visit says Trump intended to visit the CIA Saturday to meet with staff and attend Mike CIA director nominee Rep. Mike Pompeo   . But now that Pompeo ’s CIA director nominee Rep. Mike Pompeo has shifted potentially to Monday , the visit is in the visit Earlier Thursday , Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer signaled a vote on Pompeo might get CIA director nominee Rep. Mike Pompeo back to Monday because some of his Monday had " serious Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer serious statements they want to make about some of his caucus " before CIA director nominee Rep. Mike Pompeo for him .   Pompeo was Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer CIA director nominee Rep. Mike Pompeo the three national security cabinet members Trump and Senate Republicans hoped to confirm Senate . Defense secretary nominee Ret . Gen. James Mattis and homeland security secretary Ret . Gen. John Kelly are expected to be confirmed , according to Schumer .   Some other    cabinet nominees could get through too but aides and senators say negotiations over the nominations are likely to continue until Friday at 4 p. m. Friday the Wyden other Democratic senators in objecting to a swift vote , the source said .    Republicans strongly warned Democrats against preventing Trump from getting his core national security team in place on day one , especially with the constant threat of terrorism around Trump world and in the US . They even suggested debating and voting Friday instead of waiting until Monday . Wyden is concerned about Pompeo ’s Republicans expressed in a January 3 , 2016 , Wall Street Journal    that should resume the collection of metadata to protect against terrorism . " Congress should pass a law    collection of all metadata , and combining it with publicly available financial and lifestyle information into a comprehensive , searchable database . Legal and bureaucratic impediments a law   collection of all metadata surveillance should be removed , " Pompeo wrote at the time . Wyden raised his concerns during Pompeo ’s confirmation hearing but was not satisfied Pompeo the nominee ’s responses .   Wyden Wyden talked about Pompeo concerns Thursday when he told reporters the Senate needed " a little bit of Wyden to examine " his concerns surveillance proposals Wyden " Mike Pompeo is proposing a brand new system of collecting an enormous amount Pompeo Pompeo’s Americans , law Pompeo , including    information , I think that ’s the kind of thing that you ought to take a little bit of time to examine , " Wyden said . 
 