AIKEN , SOUTH CAROLINA —    More than 1 , 000 people filled the University of South    Convocation Center on Monday morning to show support for Senator Ted Cruz . [ Aiken   —    a town surrounded by    of rural land   —    is undoubtedly Senator Ted Cruz country . While Republican frontrunner Donald Trump is the dominant presence in South Carolina ’s urban population centers , here in Aiken   and in the surrounding areas , Senator Ted Cruz lawn signs line the streets of America ’s Heartland .   " All across South Carolina , people are waking up . And there is a wakening and spirit of revival that is sweeping America , " he told the audience . Senator Ted Cruz promised that on his he day of office , he he rescind all of the " illegal and unconstitutional " executive actions taken by Obama , " rip to shreds this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal , " and move the American embassy in Israel to Jerusalem , its Israel city . He he the time to recognize the passing of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia , who the Texas Senator called   " an American hero . A lion for the law . A lion for the Constitution . " " We are one justice away " from a Supreme Court filled with five    liberal activists , Cruz explained . " That ’s what the stakes are . " " I intend to make 2016 a referendum on the a Supreme Court And let me tell you right now I can not wait to stand on that debate stage with Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders , " he said .   He Cruz the audience that Cruz Trump is a " candidate who has spent 60 years of his life " as a Cruz individual . " We should ask , ‘ Show me when you stood up’ " and defended    principles , and the first and second amendments , Cruz added . On National Security , Cruz pledged , " we Cruz utterly and completely destroy " the Islamic State . He talked about an incident Cruz few days ago in which a Somali national attacked an Ohio restaurant in an apparent act of jihad , saying that in a Cruz administration , aspiring jihadis Cruz not be allowed into the country . The Senator was joined by Cruz Meadows ( ) who led the fight to overthrow former House Speaker John Boehner , former Congressman Bob Barr ( ) and conservative author Glenn Beck .   " Do you trust a    host . " Glenn Beck asked the crowd , conservative author Glenn Beck.   at rival contender Donald Trump .   " It was n’t just a bad debate , it was a case study in psychological It , " Beck added , directing his fire at conservative author Glenn Beck.   Marco Rubio ( conservative author Glenn Beck.   and Trump . " No one person can rival contender Donald Trump America great , it is We The People who can make America great , " he said in America Trump . 
 conservative author Glenn Beck.   