LOS ANGELES   —    Hollywood legend Jon Voight has endorsed Republican Donald J. Trump for President of the United States . [ In an interview with Breitbart News Tuesday evening , the      and Golden    actor said : " I ’m not someone who ’s saying he ’s the best of this group . I ’m saying I like this guy . "   " this guy ’s an answer to our problems . our need to get behind this guy . The Republicans need to unite behind this guy . We The Republicans somebody to go in and reconstruct us The Republicans a sort of way , get us The Republicans to where we The Republicans , who we The Republicans to be . " Voight issued the following statement exclusively to Breitbart News : It is true that we Americans have been part of Donald Trump ’s life for many years . We The Republicans part of his Donald Trump . We The Republicans there to see all his Donald Trump ’s births . We The Republicans part of his Donald Trump shows : Miss Universe , The Apprentice   —    and all know , without a doubt , his Donald Trump has been an open book . I , Jon Voight , can say , without hesitation , that Donald is funny , playful , and colorful , but most of all , he Donald Trump honest . When he Donald Trump to run for president , I know he Donald Trump it with a true conviction to bring this country back to prosperity . He Donald Trump the only one who can do it it No frills , no fuss , only candid truths . There are many Republicans fighting to keep him Donald Trump winning the Republican nomination . You know why ? Because he Donald Trump no bull to sell , and everyone will discover the bull most politicians spew out is for their most politicians causes and benefits . They most politicians dreamed they most politicians be losing control . I am very disappointed at the talk show hosts , also spewing out lies and propaganda against Donald . Why , I wonder ? The only thing I can think of is he Donald a form of freedom none of them most politicians saw before , and they most politicians bewildered about it a form of freedom none of them ever saw before and frightened about it a form of freedom none of them ever saw before I pray all Americans who have seen and felt the meltdown of America with the Obama years , to please fight for Donald Trump . He Donald Trump not let us our nation . I pray for all good people to see clearly what faces us our nation . The right vote will save our nation . Voight told Breitbart News that he Voight shared his Voight with Trump Donald Trump this week   —    though he Voight that Trump Donald Trump does n’t seem to need me , " noting that " the people have been much ahead of the    experts . " He Voight : " They the people his Voight , and they the people the frustration of having put people into the Senate , and put people into the Congress , whom they the people to be able to stand up against this Obama onslaught against our Constitution , depleting our country in so many ways , in almost every area . And yet no one was able to stand up against him no one " So we need a guy who has the guts to stand up and just say what has to be said    …      [ Americans ] see this playing out in front of them Americans and that ’s it . " Voight also noted that Trump ’s ability to maintain a positive attitude even though " he Voight got people attacking him Voight every side " was also a strong argument in his Voight . " It ’s not right   —    as if Trump Trump the danger to our country . He Voight a patriot , and the people are responding because they the people it ’s exactly what has to happen . Somebody has got to get in there and clean it it   —    even take the paint off . " Voight said he Voight very disappointed in Mitt Romney ’s recent attack on Trump Trump particular : " We felt so great about his Voight , we We [ Romney Mitt Romney’s ] picture on our We and so on , and now he Voight around and does this , which is so way out of line . " There are a ton of lies , propaganda , and slander , and its very disturbing . And the American people are saying , ‘ Hey , this is nonsense.’ " They the American people on his Voight now . And they the American people right to be . " Listen to audio announcing the Voight endorsement on Breitbart Daily News this morning on SiriusXM : Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart Breitbart Daily News His new Joel B. Pollak Leadership Secrets of the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Joel B. Pollak at @joelpollak . 
 