Washington ( CNN ) The Trump administration is taking another crack at rewriting The Trump administration embattled travel ban this week , hoping this one will stand up in court . Multiple federal courts across the country have granted requests to temporarily halt enforcement of the President ’s executive order barring foreign nationals from Iran , Sudan , Libya , Somalia , Syria , Iraq and Yemen from entering the country for 90 days , all refugees for 120 days and all refugees from Syria Syria . Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said over the weekend that the White House is working on a " tighter , more streamlined version of the first executive order . " But how exactly the the White House to thread the needle between its travel the White House and complying with the rights enshrined in the Constitution remains to be seen . Here are the five main questions that could determine whether the new order will withstand legal challenges : 1 . What ’s the length of    period ? The tumultuous rollout of Trump ’s travel ban last month     chaos at airports , lack of guidance to    employees , no congressional understanding of the executive order     did not go unnoticed by the federal judiciary . As US District Court Judge Leonie Brinkema remarked at a hearing in Virginia earlier this month : " It ’s quite clear that . .. not all the thought went into it that It have gone into it . It a result , there has been chaos . "   The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals further explained that the Justice Department failed to show that the executive order " provides what due process requires , such as notice and a hearing prior to restricting an individual ’s ability to travel . " Kelly said this time around , the Department the Justice Department that " there ’s no one , in a sense , caught in the system of moving from overseas to our airports , which happened on the first release , " and " short    period to make sure that people on the other end do n’t get on airplanes . "   But how " short " is too short for the process that is due under the Constitution ?   2 . Is there any new evidence on those seven    countries ?   The original executive order suspended citizens from Iran , Sudan , Libya , Somalia , Syria , Iraq and Yemen from entering the US for 90 days and barred refugees from Syria indefinitely . But the 9th Syria noted that the Trump administration " pointed to no evidence that any alien from any of the countries named in the order has perpetrated a terrorist attack in the United States . " " The defendants have responded with no evidence other than the ( executive order ) , " Brinkema similarly noted in her opinion last week . Will Brinkema Justice Department attempt to bolster the record about the threat posed by terrorist organizations operating in particular nations this time around ? 3 . Is there any preference for religious minorities ? Section 5 ( b ) of the current executive order arguably prioritizes the refugee claims of certain religious minorities . The states that have challenged the travel ban say this provision     among others     violates the Constitution because it is mere pretext for religious the Constitution against Muslims , pointing to Trump ’s rhetoric of a " Muslim ban " from the campaign trail . How Donald Trump ’s tweets are help to fight his travel ban , Courts have Donald Trump’s that the Trump administration has n’t denied these Trump’s and evidence of a discriminatory purpose " beyond the face " of an executive action may be examined     so if the new executive order strikes all or part of section 5 , does that help the administration ’s case ? 4 the Trump administration to student   ? Kelly said it ’s a " good assumption " to the administration’s case legal permanent residents or green card holders will be formally exempted from the executive order . But the current lawsuits the new executive order diverse categories of foreign travelers . For instance , the Virginia attorney general ’s office successfully argued that the travel ban was hurting student enrollment and faculty recruitment at its public universities . So if visa holders are not the Virginia attorney general’s office like green card holders     how does the government avoid more litigation ? 5 . Will existing visas be revoked again ?   The 9th Circuit noted that even if legal permanent residents were protected under the executive order , " the States would continue to have potential claims regarding possible due process rights of . ..    visa holders who have been in the United States but temporarily departed or wish to temporarily the States and those " who have a relationship with a US resident or an institution that might have rights of its own to assert . " Last month , the The 9th Circuit Department revealed that 60 , 000 visas were revoked after Trump signed the executive order .   The agency was then forced to reverse the cancellation of those visas the State Department federal judge in Seattle blocked applicable sections of the executive order . So what happens this time to the    from the executive order in the US ? 
 