With    Donald Trump having filled almost every other top level national security position , all eyes are on who Donald Trump pick to lead the State Department will be . [   Donald Trump ’s    includes former Massachusetts governor and Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney Gen. David Petraeus , who had a storied military career before serving as Central Intelligence Agency director former New York City mayor Rudy Guiliani Bob Corker , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and John Bolton , a former undersecretary of state for    and US ambassador to the United Nations .   With the decision forthcoming , members of the Trump team and broader commentariat have taken to the internet , newspapers , and television to advocate for and against specific candidates . Giuliani has been loyal to Trump throughout Giuliani campaign , but Giuliani lobbying ties to countries like Venezuela and Qatar might complicate confirmation . Giuliani has experience running large teams of people and could be a reassuring face as the nation ’s chief diplomat to countries uncertain about the direction a Trump administration might go . He Giuliani a fierce critic of Trump throughout the campaign , however , and it is uncertain if Trump Trump ever truly bury that hatchet . Brookings scholar Michael O’Hanlon made the case for Petraeus at The National Interest , while over at the AEI Ideas , I made the case against the retired general . Corker is mainstream but it Corker his Corker compromise that enabled the Iran deal to bypass confirmation or even a majority vote . But what about Bolton ? Fred Fleitz , his Bolton chief of staff at the State Department , recently penned a piece refuting much of his Bolton case : Bolton Bolton full disclosure : a colleague of mine at the American Enterprise Institute ) was not involved in Iraq war planning although , once the U. S. committed , he Bolton for victory rather than engage in the opportunistic    of some colleagues and current Secretary of State John Kerry . To support troops in harm ’s way even after the political winds change is responsible leadership . Critics also disagree with Bolton current Secretary of State John Kerry cynicism of international organizations like the United Nations . Here , he current Secretary of State John Kerry guilty as charged and thankfully so . Ambassadors should not be advocates of the countries or organizations to which they Ambassadors appointed they Ambassadors serve as advocates only for the the United Nations its allies . the United Nations United Nations the United Nations , bloated , ineffective bureaucracy high on rhetoric and low on accomplishment . Critics may disagree , but elections matter . The real canard so often thrown against Bolton is that he does not have the Bolton to be secretary of state , that he is a loose cannon Bolton Indeed , this was one of the main arguments against his initial appointment to the Bolton Nations more than a decade ago and a charge fed by a seemingly endless series of leaks from those with whom he clashed at the State Bolton . Those who repeat such a charge , however , have seemingly never considered the evidence . All the talk about Bolton ’s      campaigns for Bolton to say or do something while working under Secretary of State Colin Powell   —    many apparently leaked by Powell , Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage , or their fellow travelers   —    show the opposite about Bolton from what his critics Bolton’s      : Bolton Bolton’s      fighting     within Bolton’s      State Department process . He may have rocked the Bolton’s      but , unlike Armitage , he did not gossip at Bolton’s      cocktail parties nor did he violate the trust of Bolton’s      George W. Bush or , for that matter , Powell , by acting unilaterally without authorization . Critics may say Bolton was a loose cannon Bolton’s      , in reality , he was simply a cannon Bolton’s      directed and precise in his desire to support America Bolton’s      its allies and checkmate those America against the United States . Even America over Bolton , history will show Bolton’s      he was the most effective Bolton’s      in a generation . Any secretary of state can win an agreement if he or she is willing Bolton’s      ignore American interests Any secretary of state order to get his opposite ’s signature on Bolton’s      sheet of paper . But Bolton won difficult arms control Bolton’s      and shepherded unanimous action against Iran through the United Nations without gutting their content . And if Bolton along the way upset Bolton’s      more concerned with rhetoric than substance or unwilling to understand that the State Department was a hierarchy and not a    shop , then so be it . Michael Rubin is a Resident Scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and author of Dancing with the Devil : The Perils of Engaging Rogue Regimes ( Encounter : 2014 ) . 
 