’   ’ ’    Donald Trump has dropped numerous hints about Donald Trump favorite US    president , and    says a lot about what Donald Trump means by Donald Trump campaign    slogan " Make America Great Again . " ’ ’    Though Donald Trump has repeatedly expressed admiration for presidents    such as George Washington , Abraham Lincoln , and Ronald Reagan   —      all    for preferred presidents as a Republican candidate     —     that    helps clear up any debate over Donald Trump favorite : Dwight Eisenhower . ’ ’    Trump professed Trump admiration for Dwight Eisenhower in a Reddit AMA    last month when Trump was asked about Trump favorite president   —      making sure to name Washington , Lincoln , and Reagan as well . ’ ’    Eisenhower , who served as the supreme allied commander in Europe    during World War II , is the most recent person to have been voted    to the presidency without holding prior elected office , a streak    Trump is attempting to break . Only four presidents have ever held    the position without holding prior elected office , and the other    three   —    Herbert Hoover , Ulysses S. Grant , and Zachary Taylor   —      all did so long before Trump was born . ’ ’    With the Manhattan billionaire having been born in 1946 ,    Eisenhower was the president who represented Trump’ ’s most    formative years , having served in office from 1953 to 1961 . Trump once lined up with fellow students in the late 1950s to wave at      Eisenhower   Eisenhower Trump by in a limousine on his Trump to deliver    the first pitch of the World Series between the New York Yankees    and the Brooklyn Dodgers , as reported in the recently released    " Trump Trump , " which also noted that Trump , whose father was a    Republican , wore " I like Ike " pins during Eisenhower’ ’s reelection    year . ’ ’   ’ ’    Multiple sources have told Business Insider that it is this time    period , the 1950s , that Trump is really referring to when he says Trump he    Trump America great again . ’ ’    " There was almost unparalleled American power and      after World War II , " said Alex Keyssar , a professor of history    and social policy in the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard    University , when asked about why Trump might be most drawn to the    34th president . " The 1950s is what he , the   34th president his mind the   34th president had as his    the   34th president and what we should get back to . " ’ ’    Eisenhower was at one time recruited by both the Democrats and    the Republicans to run for the presidency , and Keyssar called him    a " quasiconsensus candidate . " ’ ’    " Eisenhower himself Eisenhower opposite in terms of the controversy    provoking , " he continued , Eisenhower the two . " You know , he was    Eisenhower bland    a lot of ways . To me , it may be less about    Eisenhower per say Eisenhower it is about what the ’’ 50s symbolized to    him . " Eisenhower ’    The    magnate has intermittently tweeted about    Eisenhower in    Eisenhower cited him as the    Eisenhower    earning the most votes in Republican primary history ( though once    saying " Dwight D. Eisenhower   —    ") and used a past Eisenhower plan to    Eisenhower his immigration    . Dwight D. Eisenhower  —   ") ’    " Let me just tell you that Dwight Eisenhower , good Eisenhower    great president , people liked him , " he said Eisenhower a November Eisenhower    debate . ’’ I like Ike , ’’ right ? " ’ ’    " Moved 1 . 5 million illegal immigrants out of this country , moved    them just beyond the border 5 million illegal immigrants out of this country "   ( Trump’ ’s numbers weren’’t completely    accurate ) . "    came back . Moved 5 million illegal immigrants out of this country again beyond the border 5 million illegal immigrants out of this country    they the border . Didn’’t 5 million illegal immigrants out of this country it . Moved them way south Didn’’t They 5 million illegal immigrants out of this country    came back 5 million illegal immigrants out of this country "    ’   ’ ’    Trump is also promising a massive infrastructure package   —    double    what Democratic    Hillary    would spend , he recently    said , which Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton    up totaling from about $ 800 billion to $ 1    trillion . The Republican president best known for his    infrastructure program is Eisenhower Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton under whom the interstate    highway system was completed . ’ ’    " He wants to go back to Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ’’ 50s , " Matt Mackowiak , the Republican    strategist who founded Potomac Strategy Group , told Business    Insider . " He had something of a privileged Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , and he did    like the world Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton it existed when he was a    . A Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton of us are    developed based on our childhood . " ’ ’ us Mackowiak said the thought of Trump comparing himself to    Eisenhower was " Mackowiak . " ’ ’    " I think if you sat him down and said , ’’ Mackowiak me one thing    Eisenhower did as president , ’’   Eisenhower couldn’’t tell you , " Mackowiak    said . " I Mackowiak think that . He might say , ’’ Well , Mackowiak was the    supreme allied commander Mackowiak he was elected president . ’’ That’ Mackowiak    probably the extent of what he can tell you . But there’ Mackowiak no    question   —    he might know that Eisenhower led a there’ eight years    of peace and prosperity . And so , he may have some knowledge of    there’ . " ’ "    Mackowiak added that Trump ’s references to Eisenhower were most    likely byproducts of Eisenhower ’s desire to compare himself to Trump figures . " ’ Trump " He wants to compare himself to Eisenhower by Trump he won more Trump Eisenhower than Eisenhower did Trump if beating someone 60 Eisenhower ago when    the country’ ’s population was half or a third of what it is today    is an impressive accomplishment , " he said . " So he does like       of dropping names    the past as a way to elevate his status as    a peer of significant    figures . " ’ 
 