Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s first budget proposal will look to increase defense and security spending by $ 54 billion and cut roughly the same amount from    programs , the White House said Monday . The budget blueprint , which was sent to government agencies Monday , would increase defense spending to $ 603 billion and decrease    discretionary spending to $ 462 billion , Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney said . Two sources told CNN Monday that the cuts are expected to slash as much as a quarter of the Environmental Protection Agency ’s budget , a cut that one former the Environmental Protection Agency official said would be " devastating " and a current employee at the Environmental Protection Agency said would weaken the the Environmental Protection Agency the point where it can the Environmental Protection Agency do its most the Environmental Protection Agency functions . " This budget will be a public safety and national security budget , " Trump said at a bipartisan gathering of US governors at the White House Monday , vowing substantial increases in defense , law enforcement and infrastructure spending . The majority of " lower priority programs and most federal agencies " will see a reduction in their budget The majority of "lower priority programs and most federal agencies" a result of the proposal , according to an official at the Office of Management and Budget speaking with reporters on background . The official an official at the Office of Management and Budget speaking with reporters on background cuts will come through " unauthorized programs " and places " where there is duplication , where consolidation needs to occur . " GOP returns to daunting task of dismantling Obamacare , Monday ’s announcement is only a budget blueprint and federal agencies will begin working with the White House to determine how to comply with their new budget only a budget blueprint and federal agencies The proposals from the White House the White House to the agencies with only a budget blueprint and federal agencies what to cut . Mulvaney said Monday that the Monday House intends to have the White House Congress by March 16 and have a final budget finished by " the first part of May. " A Trump administration official told CNN that all $ 54 billion will be cut in fiscal year 2018 . Multiple officials have also made clear over the last 48 hours that the EPA and foreign aid will be cut significantly under the new plan . The budget , one OMB official said , expects " the rest of the world to step up in some of the programs this country has been so generous in funding " over the years . Foreign aid makes up roughly 1 % of the federal budget and includes a host of programs meant to help implement national security policy . While foreign aid has long been a target for conservatives , cuts to these programs are unlikely to get the Trump a host of programs meant to help implement national security policy to the $ 54 billion in proposed overall cuts . The budget blueprint , which will outline in the clearest terms to date what Trump ’s policy priorities will be as president , Trump with Trump ’s pledges to increase defense spending and cut Trump’s as a candidate . " Yes , it is a fairly small part of the discretionary budget , but it is still consistent with what the President said , it Mulvaney said of the foreign aid cuts . " We are taking his words and turning them into polices and dollars . Mulvaney Mulvaney said Trump ’s proposed 2018 budget will include funds Mulvaney the Trump’s border wall , an issue that animated the President ’s 2016 campaign . Trump , in addition to the 2018 increase , will Trump’s seek a $ 30 billion in supplemental defense money for the fiscal year 2017 , a senior administration official told CNN . Mulvaney said some funding for the border wall will be Mulvaney that measure . Sen. John McCain , an Arizona Republican , criticized the defense numbers as not robust enough . McCain was the lone member of his party to vote against Mulvaney and indicated he would McCain so during Mulvaney ’s Mulvaney because he McCain not believe Mulvaney would Mulvaney level of commitment McCain defense spending that Mulvaney wanted . " President Trump intends to submit a defense McCain that is a mere 3 % above President Obama ’s defense budget , which has left our military underfunded , undersized and unready to confront threats to our national security , " McCain said in a statement on Monday . ’No more wasted money’ Congress is not mandated to follow Trump ’s budget plan and in the coming weeks , Republicans President Trump Hill are expected to call administration officials to Congress to explain their proposal .   Trump said throughout the 2016 money’ Congress that he Republicans on Capitol Hill focus on spending President Trump and tax reform , rhetoric that President Trump woo Republicans who questioned his commitment to other conservative principles . " I want the American President Trump to know that our budget will reflect their priorities , " Trump said in a the American people meeting earlier this the American people . " We President Trump be directing all of our departments and agencies to protect the American people last American and every last the American people dollar . No more wasted money . " Trump ’s closest advisers have also previewed dramatic changes to the federal President Trump . At the Conservative Political Action Conference on Thursday , Steve Bannon , a top Trump aide , said that new administration ’s aim was " deconstruction of President Trump administrative state , " a comment many federal workers saw as a pledge to weaken regulatory agencies . Monday , Trump vowed " a budget of great rationality " that would be unveiled President Trump " great detail " during his address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday evening . He President Trump n’t specific about where he planned to cut spending , saying President Trump he aimed for a more President Trump federal government without listing any specific agency President Trump program that might see its budget slashed . " We ’re going to do more with less a more streamlined federal government " Trump said , promising a government that ’s " lean and accountable to the people . " " With 20 trillion dollars in debt , the government must learn to tighten its belt , " Trump said . a more streamlined federal government proposed cuts have already been a more streamlined federal government with concern inside Trump federal government Trump . EPA employees have told CNN that many inside a more streamlined federal government in denial about the incoming cuts to their budget , despite the fact that Trump and Scott Pruitt , the newly approved EPA administrator , EPA employees to trim the agency . " Trump is clear to me , and will EPA to most agency employees very the agency that Mr. Scott Pruitt has been nominated and confirmed as administrator of the US EPA in order to make significant and substantial changes to the agency , " John O’Grady , the EPA of the union that represents EPA employees , said in the agency the proposed cuts . State Department spokesman Mark Toner said State is " the US EPA with the White House and OMB to review its budget priorities . " " The department remains committed to a US foreign policy that advances the security and State of the American people , " Toner added . 
 State Department spokesman Mark Toner 