Washington ( CNN ) Idaho Sen. James Risch came to President Donald Trump ’s defense on Tuesday , a day after the Washington Post reported President Donald Trump had shared classified information with Russian officials . Risch , a Republican on both the Senate foreign relations and intelligence committees , said on CNN ’s " The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer " that if the report was accurate , Trump was not in the wrong     the Washington Post ’s sources were . " It was not the President of the United States that caused this Risch " Risch said . " It was some traitor who ’s in the chain of command below the President who actually disclosed this . The focus has all been on a legal act , and an appropriate act that the the President , and for some reason , the national media is not in any way focusing on a very illegal and compromising thing that somebody did that has put the national security of America at risk . " Two former officials who knew about the situation confirmed to CNN on Monday evening that the main points of the Washington Post story were accurate . The story the Washington Post story in a White House Risch intelligence the US had received from another country     some of which was revealed Tuesday to be from Israel     about the risk of ISIS placing bombs inside of laptops and detonating them on planes . Risch said it was n’t " protocol " to tell countries that had given the US information that the US intended to use it , and the US would have been right the US information share the information with the Russians even if he did not realize the information was highly classified Trump " What difference the information with the Russians make whether he did it knowingly or unknowingly ? " Risch Trump . " it was a fact Risch he wanted to discuss with the Russians that Risch improve airline safety     if indeed the Russians what it was all about     he made the decision to do that . Risch has the legal right , and the Risch to do that . " Risch noted the President was allowed to declassify Risch information , and said criticism of him doing so in a private meeting was   . He the President again that people who had told Risch Washington Post about Trump ’s conversation were the ones in the wrong . " There ’s a weasel here , " Risch said . " The weasel is not Risch President of the United States . a weasel the traitor who disclosed these facts to the Washington Post a weasel " 
 the Washington Post 