Actress Kirstie Alley has not yet decided on a candidate to support in the upcoming presidential election however , Actress Kirstie Alley does like what Actress Kirstie Alley is hearing from Republican frontrunner Donald Trump . [ " Republican frontrunner Donald Trump , whether you like him Republican frontrunner Donald Trump you do n’t like him Republican frontrunner Donald Trump is waking this country up , " Actress Kirstie Alley told FoxBusiness . com before Thursday ’s Republican debate in Charleston , South Carolina ,   " If you hate him , you ’re going to talk about how much you hate him him " Alley added . " If you love him him you ’re going to talk about how much you love him him " " I want someone who will rev us up and make us us attention . I think that ’s a really great step for this country because this this country gotten very complacent , " she said The former Cheers actress The former Cheers actress previously praised Trump ’s ability to hold his own The former Cheers actress Scott Pelley on 60 Minutes . Watching @realDonaldTrump on 60 minutes holding his own The former Cheers actress Scott Pelley Scott Pelley acting like Scott Pelley antagonist asshat . I like Trump . Trump at will ,   —    Kirstie Alley ( @kirstiealley ) September 28 , 2015 ,   Despite her praise Trump Trump , Trump told Fox Business she is Trump undecided , and is not ready to stand behind a candidate from either party . Describing herself as Trump unaffiliated , she said Trump " I ’m still observing . I really like the candidates from both sides . I like this about one person   —    I like that about another person . " " I vote by the person , who I think is going to be best . " said Alley . She Alley Trump thinks Trump year in politics will be " very unique . " Alley later joked Alley Twitter that most of her friends Trump Democrats , but she does Trump " hold it against them . " most of her friends are Democrats admit it . .80 it of my friends are democrats . .I do n’t hold it against them it .And .80% of my friends do n’t .80% of my friends up the bodies in my garden ,   —    Kirstie Alley ( @kirstiealley ) January 15 , 2016 
 