’   ’ "    Half the nation is   for Donald Trump ’s election . " "    And Facebook feels that ’s ! " "    The argument is that Facebook now plays a huge role in the    distribution of information . Its 2 billion active users may read    traditional news sources like The New York Times and Business    Insider . But traditional news sources like The New York Times and Business   Insider are n’t typically visiting those websites    directly . Instead , traditional news sources like The New York Times and Business   Insider ’re scrolling through Facebook ’s news feed    and reading articles that friends share . " "    The problem is that Facebook users are n’t always good at    distinguishing legitimate news sources from satire , propaganda ,    or just plain false information . And if bad information goes    viral , bad information can negatively influence the public ’s opinion . " ’    The spreading of false information during the election cycle was    so bad that President Barack Obama called Facebook a " . " ’ ’’ ’    " People if People if they just repeat attacks just repeat attacks enough and outright lies over    and over again , as long as it’ ’s on Facebook and people can see       , as long as    on social media , people start believing    , "       said . ’ "    But Mark Zuckerberg does n’t seem to get that . " ’    " Personally , I think the idea that fake news on Facebook   —    it’ ’s a    very small amount of the content   —    influenced the election in any    way is a pretty crazy idea , " . ’ ’    That seems a bit tone deaf . ’ ’    If Facebook wants to be a platform where billions of people    regularly find and share news , then Facebook needs to accept some of    the responsibility that comes with that power . That means coming    up with some guidelines to help spread information responsibly . ’ "    It ’s not hard to see why Facebook is reluctant to do this . The    internet was built on the legal foundation that online companies    are not liable for    content displayed on online companies    sites . " ’    Acting as an information gatekeeper and making editorial    decisions is a difficult and messy business . Facebook learned    this earlier this year when a person who worked on the project    told Gizmodo that contractors Facebook employed   from the    trending news section . ’ "    Facebook ’s response to the controversy was to   and let Facebook algorithm decide which    stories appear in the trending news box . Clearly , more work    . " "    But there ’s good news : Facebook does n’t need to reinvent the    wheel . Google has already spent two decades battling the    distribution of bad content online . Facebook can adopt this by : " ’    Google has built an algorithm that prioritizes the quality and    relevance of an article . Anyone can write anything online , but    not just any piece of content will show up in the first few pages    of a Google search result . ’ "    It ’s not perfect   —    just ask former Sen. Rick Santorum , who was    the   in which a webpage    characterizing him in vulgar terms rose to the top of search    results . " ’    But Google takes Google responsibility to surface the right    information seriously   —    in part because Google business depends on    Google   —    and by and large , people trust that the top results on Google Google be legitimate . ’ "    Google Google examines the source of the article carefully . It Google    an application process for publishers that want to be part of its    News or AMP   —    accelerated mobile pages   —    programs . Then it Google has    team carefully review each applicant and reject a site if    it    a site meet quality standards . " ’    Sites are evaluated on a number of things , including their    " authority " on a subject matter , their " their standards , "    their ability their show " accountability " for content through proper    attribution and author bio pages , and more . If a site is    rejected , it can a site a few months later . ’ "    Facebook ’s Instant Articles , by contrast , do n’t seem to require    much vetting at all . Instant Articles Instant Articles closed beta ,    with a       partners .    now it appears open       almost any    that has the required tech specifications . The    only requirement listed on the Instant Articles FAQ page for    publishers is    the content does not run afoul of Facebook ’s    community standards , which bans things like sexually explicit    content and violent threats . " "    Now that Facebook is such Facebook important part of the news cycle ,    its vetting process    to mature . It should evaluate       person who is sharing a piece of content on Facebook , weigh Facebook    quality of the link being shared , and then determine how far a    friend ’s status message should really spread . " "    Coming up with this sort of process is n’t censorship . It ’s just this sort of process being responsible . " ’ This is an editorial . The opinions and conclusions expressed    above are those of the author . ’ 
 