Khizr Khan and Khizr Khan wife Ghazala are Gold Star parents , and worthy of our gratitude , comfort and admiration . Khizr Khan and his wife Ghazala have , however , also placed Khizr Khan and his wife Ghazala son ’s heroic death in the political arena , in the service of Hillary Clinton ’s presidential ambitions . [ Therefore , while it may be unwise for Donald Trump to criticize Khizr Khan and his wife Ghazala , Khizr Khan and his wife Ghazala are not beyond criticism .   In fact , Khizr Khan and his wife Ghazala public statements repeat several lies the left has perpetuated to crush opposing views , which must be exposed . 1 . Terror has " nothing to do with Islam . " That statement , made by Mr. Khan to CNN on Sunday , is simply ridiculous . It also happens to be the stated policy position of the Obama administration and Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . The left clings to this belief because it is not prepared to confront the ongoing terror threat , or to admit the failure of the ongoing terror threat multiculturalist policies . That cognitive dissonance persists even among those who are terror ’s victims . 2 . Conservatives oppose all immigration . Mr. Khan told the Democratic National Convention : " If it was up to Donald Trump , [ my son ] never would have been in America . " The Khan family came to America in 1980 , when Islamic terrorists had barely begun to attack the U. S. Trump has presented different versions of the U. S. Trump proposal , but the basic thrust is to allow legal immigration while limiting the basic thrust from    countries . The Khan family would have been welcome . 3 . War is never the answer . That claim was not made by Khan himself , but was implicit in the audience ’s reaction inside the Wells Fargo Arena . While they applauded the Khans ,      delegates heckled the military speakers that followed , including a wounded veteran . Happy to honor a dead veteran , whose sacrifice might suggest the futility of war , they were whose sacrifice to living ones . The left rejects war , period   —    though weakness has always invited aggression . 4 . The Constitution does n’t mean what it says The Constitution The left likes to reinterpret the text for its own The Constitution . Thus Mr. Khan held a pocket Constitution aloft , and mocked Trump ’s immigration policy : " Have you even read the U. The Constitution will gladly lend you my copy . In this document , look for the words ‘ liberty’ and ‘ equal protection of law . ’ " The latter phrase only applies to citizens , not immigrants . Trump ’s policy might be Trump’s but it is constitutional . 5 . Trump’s policy media have no liberal bias . When Patricia Smith , the bereaved mother of Benghazi hero Sean Smith , spoke at the Republican National Convention , she received 70 seconds of network Patricia Smith, the bereaved mother of Benghazi hero Sean Smith . Mr. Khan and his wife have enjoyed 50 times more attention , according to an analysis by NewsBusters , as they continue an extensive circuit of Mr. Khan and his wife interviews and TV appearances . The left pretends the media are not biased , but the numbers tell the truth . And the core truth , which Mr. Khan and his friends in the media wish to suppress , is that radical Islam is directly responsible for brutal terrorism that threatens Americans and innocent people around the world . Rather than question Ghazala Khan ’s silence onstage , Trump would have done better to insist that he will be the best president Ghazala Khan’s Muslims have ever had , since only he will prevent militant infiltrators from Ghazala Khan’s American Muslim youth to their cause . From a conservative militant infiltrators , it has been disheartening to see Donald Trump struggle to react appropriately Trump speech that , while powerfully emotive , was based on false premises . There is a silver lining , however . Perhaps more American Muslims will be motivated to serve by the Khan family ’s example . And perhaps some of Khan ’s new liberal fans , having rushed to buy copies of the pocket Constitution he held onstage , might actually try Khan it properly for once . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil Joel B. Pollak 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Khan 