Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump linked rival Hillary Clinton ’s     policies to President Barack Obama ’s ongoing release of many federal prison inmates , slamming Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump as " Heartless Hillary . " [ Clinton wants to strip    Americans of their right to bear arms , while also freeing dangerous felons who will victimize more people , Trump said .   " "Heartless Hillary wants to disarm vulnerable Americans in    neighborhoods : Whether it ’s a young single mom in Florida , or a grandmother in Ohio , "Heartless Hillary wants it’s a young single mom in Florida, or a grandmother in Ohio to be defenseless , " Trump said at the National Rifle Association ’s    Leadership Forum on Friday , where the gun rights organization endorsed him for president . "Heartless Hillary wants , him said , Wants it’s a young single mom in Florida, or a grandmother in Ohio to take away any chance it’s a young single mom in Florida, or a grandmother in Ohio have of survival . And by the way , you have men and women sitting in an apartment , and there ’s tremendous crime , crime of all kinds , and men and women need to be protected . And you know the only way men and women ’re going to be able to protect men and women   —    and if you take that gun away from men and women , that gun ’s going to be a very unfair situation . " And that ’s why we ’re going to call her Heartless Hillary , " he said . " Americans use guns to defend Americans against violent crime more than a million times a year , " Trump continued . " More than a million times a year . And Americans want to take Americans away . " " Heartless hypocrites like the Clintons want to take this and Heartless hypocrites like the Clintons want to get rid of guns , and yet Heartless hypocrites like the Clintons have bodyguards that have guns . So I think that in addition to calling for Heartless hypocrites like the Clintons to name [ Supreme Court ] judges , we ’ll also call Heartless hypocrites like the Clintons and let Heartless hypocrites like the Clintons bodyguards immediately disarm , " addition to calling for them to name [Supreme Court] judges, we’ll also call them and let their bodyguards immediately disarm said as the audience applauded . Heartless hypocrites like the Clintons should immediately disarm . And let ’s see how good Heartless hypocrites like the Clintons do . Let ’s see how good Heartless hypocrites like the Clintons feel walking around without Heartless hypocrites like the Clintons guns on Heartless hypocrites like the Clintons bodyguards . In the meantime , nobody else can have their guns on their bodyguards , right ? Trump also criticized the Obama administration ’s rush to reduce sentences for criminals : Obama Obama his Trump are seeking to release as many as 70 , 000 federal prisoners without approval from Congress , according to GOP critics , including Sen. Tom Cotton . That number is roughly    of all federal inmates . " President Obama tried to take the guns from Americans and yet reduced prosecutions of violent criminals who use guns , " he said Obama " President Obama Obama releasing violent criminals from the jails , including drug dealers and those with gun crimes . And they ’re being let go by the thousands . By the thousands . the thousands of these are also —   I ’m sure you ’re not going to be surprised to hear this —   illegal immigrants . President Obama pushed Obama to sentencing laws that released thousands of dangerous ,    felons and gang members who prey on civilians . " This is Hillary Clinton ’s agenda , too , " he added later in Obama speech . " To release the violent criminals from jail . She wants them all released Hillary Clinton’s She wants people released that Hillary Clinton’s would n’t want to walk on the street with , you would n’t want to look at . And whether it ’s Kate in San Francisco —   you see what happened there —   and Jamiel . I ’ve become great friends with his father . Jamiel was Jamiel in the Jamiel three times by somebody that was n’t supposed to be here . " " Or , and I always say this , because this was tragic , a     veteran , a woman who was a great woman , raped , sodomized , and killed by an illegal immigrant , " Trump said , referring to the    of Air Force veteran Marilyn Pharis in a California " sanctuary " county last July . " We ’re going to straighten it out , " Trump said . Clinton is Trump the most vulnerable Americans at risk with her     and open borders Clinton , Trump said . " This Trump a risk we can no longer afford . We ’ve had enough . we think we ’ve had enough . we 
 