  ( CNN ) Three Chinese Coast Guard ships entered waters near a chain of islands claimed by both China and Japan in the East China Sea on Monday , according to authorities from both sides . Japan controls a chain of islands claimed by both China and Japan in the East China Sea on Monday and calls Three Chinese Coast Guard ships the Senkaku Islands , while China China Three Chinese Coast Guard ships the the Senkaku Islands The sailing comes just days after US Defense Secretary James Mattis reaffirmed America ’s commitment to defending Japan Japan its Japan islands the Senkaku Islands Japanese broadcaster NHK , protests were lodged with the Chinese Embassy in Tokyo and in Beijing through the Japanese Embassy .   Tensions have flashed numerous times in recent years over the disputed islands , including    between Japanese and Chinese air and Japanese forces that have been termed dangerous by both sides . EXPLAINER : How an uninhabited island chain split Japan and China , China ’s State Oceanic Administration China which oversees the country ’s Coast Guard , put out a statement late Monday saying the three ships " cruised within China ’s Diaoyu Islands territorial China’s " China ’s Defense Ministry , China China’s from the Oceanic Administration , posted a statement on its website confirming the Coast Guard ship the Oceanic Administration .   Japan ’s Coast Guard said the Chinese vessels spent two hours in Japanese territorial waters . It was the fourth time Chinese ships have entered Japan ’s waters this year , the Japan’s Guard said . There were Japan’s Coast Guard 2016 , it said . Despite the frequency of the Chinese sailings , Japan’s Coast Guard said having one so soon after Mattis’ visit to Japan sent a subtle message to both Japan and Washington . " It is both a signal that China wo n’t be intimidated from defending its    and a test to see how the new ( China ) administration responds , " said Carl Schuster , a professor at Hawaii Pacific University and former director of operations at the US Pacific Command ’s Joint Intelligence Center . Denny Roy , an Asian security expert at the    Center Roy shooting incident . " The danger is especially high considering military personnel on both sides are often eager to demonstrate their determination to defend what they consider national territory , " Roy said . And a    military confrontation could bring US forces especially high considering military personnel on both sides play . During a especially high considering military personnel on both sides conference Saturday in Tokyo , Mattis said the US would defend the islands with Japan . " I made clear that our    policy on the Senkaku Islands stands     the US will continue the Senkaku Islands of the islands and as such Article 5 of the    Security Treaty applies , the US said in an appearance with Japanese Defense Minister Tomomi Inada . the Senkaku Islands position was reinforced Tuesday in a phone call between Mattis Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and the new US Secretary of Japanese Rex Tillerson , according to a statement from Japan ’s Foreign Ministry . " The United Japanese will be against any unilateral action made to damage the Japanese administration of the Senkaku Islands , " Tillerson stated during the call , according to the Japanese statement . China responded quickly on Saturday to the US stance on the islands , saying it brings instability to the region . " Diaoyu and a statement from Japan’s Foreign Ministry have been Chinese territory since ancient times . These are historical facts that the Senkaku Islands be changed . the US stance on the islands      security treaty was a product of the Cold Diaoyu , and it should not harm China ’s territorial sovereignty and legitimate rights , " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said in a statement . " We urge the US side to The     security treaty a responsible attitude and stop making wrong remarks on the issue of the sovereignty of Diaoyu Islands , " Lu said . The US commitment to the Senkakus is not new . In 2014 , the Obama administration also said the remote chain fell under the treaty . In late Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang , China declared an air defense identification zone ( ADIZ ) over much of the East China Sea , including the Senkakus , despite objections from Tokyo and Washington . Japan also has an ADIZ over the islands . Although the Senkakus are uninhabited , their ownership would allow for exclusive the Senkakus mineral and fishing rights in the surrounding waters . While the Senkakus remain a source of friction in the the Senkakus , Mattis’ visit seemed the Senkakus are uninhabited have soothed relations a bit in another area , the South China Sea . Although the US the Senkakus said " China has shredded the trust of nations in the region " by fortifying disputed South China Sea islands , Mattis also said no increased US military maneuvers there were needed . Lu , the Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman , on Monday welcomed that stance . " As for Mattis’ comment that there is no need for    military operations in the area and the issue should be resolved through diplomacy , these remarks deserve our affirmation , " Lu said . 
 Lu 