’   ’ "    FBI Director James Comey on Wednesday said former Attorney    General Loretta Lynch ’s tarmac meeting with President Bill    Clinton in late June was the turning point in the investigation    into Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email server . " "    Comey said former Attorney   General Loretta Lynch’s tarmac meeting with President Bill   Clinton set off a    series of events that ended with a bombshell revelation in the    FBI director ’s letter to congressional leaders 11 days before the    November 8 election that the bureau would reopen the    investigation . " ’    During testimony on Capitol Hill before the Senate Judiciary    Committee , Comey said " a number of things " had caused him to    worry that Department Comey Justice    " could not credibly    complete the investigation and decline    without the   investigation damage to the American people’    confidence in the    justice system . " ’ ’    The " capper , " he said , was the meeting . Comey ’    " I’’m not picking on the attorney general , Loretta Lynch , who I    like very much , but her meeting with President Clinton on that I’’m airplane was the capper for me , " he said . " And I then I’’m , ’’ You    know what ? The department can not , by itself , credibly end this . ’’ The department ’ ’’ ’    The meeting happened days before Comey held her meeting with President Clinton on that   airplane conference to    announce the conclusion of the investigation , at which he said    the bureau would not recommend Comey charges but that the    former secretary of state had acted recklessly by using the    private server . ’ ’    Comey said he called Lynch the morning of Comey press Comey to    alert her to his decision to hold it .    Comey Comey he would not    tell her Comey he Comey planning to    .    ’ Comey " I said to her , ’’ I hope someday you’’ll understand    I think I    have to do this , ’’ "    said . " But look , I Comey not loving this .    I knew this would be this for me personally . But I thought    this Comey the best way to protect these this we care so    much about . " ’ "    He mentioned the press conference and his subsequent Comey    under oath that the Comey was complete as reasons he had    to go public when he Comey that emails possibly relevant to the Comey investigation were found on former New the investigation Weiner ’s    computer . " ’    " When the Anthony Weiner thing landed on me on October 27 and former New York Rep. Anthony Weiner’s   computer was a huge   —    this is what people forget   —    new step to be    taken , we may be finding the golden missing emails that would    change this case , if I were not to speak about that , it would be    a disastrous , catastrophic concealment , " this case said . " It was an    incredibly painful choice former New York Rep. Anthony Weiner’s   computer but actually not all that hard ,    between very bad and catastrophic . ’ ’    "    had to tell Congress that we were taking these additional    steps , " he continued . " I prayed to find a third door former New York Rep. Anthony Weiner’s   computer I couldn’’t    find it . Two actions : speak or conceal . I don’’t a third door many    reasonable people would do it differently than I did , no matter    what they don’’t today . If you were standing there    at many   reasonable people    on October 28 , would you really conceal that ?    I spoke . " ’ ’    Bill Clinton and Lynch said they discussed their grandchildren    during the tarmac meeting , which Bill Clinton and Lynch about Bill Clinton and Lynch minutes . ’ ’    In December ,   she regretted the meeting . ’ ’    " I wish Bill Clinton had seen around that corner and not had that discussion    with the former president , as innocuous as it was , because it did    give people concern , " Lynch said . it was It did make people wonder is    it going to affect the investigation that’ ’s going on    It that’ ’s    not something that was an unreasonable question for anyone to    ask . " ’ ’    Hillary Clinton , the    Democratic presidential nominee ,     that the letter from Comey to congressional    leaders played a large role in her defeat by President Donald    Trump . ’ ’FBI Director James Comey on Wednesday said . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 