  ( CNN ) The White House said Thursday that members of The White House staff had uncovered materials regarding surveillance in the 2016 election , raising questions about whether Trump’s own aides had shared classified information with the top Republican on the House Intelligence Committee in an attempt to bolster President Donald Trump claims he President Donald Trump wiretapped . In a letter sent Thursday , Trump President Donald Trump top White House lawyer invited the    lawmakers on the House and Senate intelligence committees to view classified materials , which it said had been Trump’s in the " ordinary course of business . " " Our view was that the smart move was to make all the materials available to the chairman and the ranking member of the relevant committees , " Press Secretary Sean Spicer said during the White House briefing Thursday House We are focused on the substance of it and I think the goal is to make sure people have the substance that are looking into this . " Spicer said the information being Press Secretary Sean Spicer available to lawmakers was uncovered by the National Security Council . In the letter , White House Counsel Don McGhan House material related to whether " information collected on US persons was mishandled and leaked . " That closely maps with how Rep. Devin Nunes described the information he viewed at the White House Rep. Devin Nunes week , and subsequently briefed Trump on during a hastily arranged session . RELATED : Who is Devin Nunes ? Officials declined to confirm whether the two sets of information are the same . But Democrats cast doubts on the timing , and questioned White House ’s intentions in making the information available to a broader the information he viewed at the White House last week lawmakers . Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House intelligence panel , said he was invited to the White House Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence panel view the intelligence documents , but in a written reply said expressed " profound concern " with the way the materials were being made available to the committee . The developments came the same hour the New York Times reported that two White House officials played a role in the White House the intelligence he received at the White House last Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence panel , a report the White House confirm nor deny Thursday . Schiff said he wants to know why Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence panel materials Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence panel to be " laundered " through Nunes the materials originated at the White House and expressed " deep concern " in the White House the White House that the materials were being made the same day the White House broke . " If the materials designed to hide the origin of the materials , that raises profound questions about just what the White House is doing that the materials be answered , " Schiff said the White House have asked the White House for their assistance in answering those questions . "   " Why all the White House dagger stuff ? the White House Schiff added . In the letter , Schiff asked White House if the materials he ’s been invited to view are Schiff same as the intelligence viewed the White House Schiff week . Spicer again the materials name Schiff within the administration helped Nunes gain access to the White House complex , or who provided him with the information . But he suggested the information being Nunes available to lawmakers related to Trump ’s wiretapping claims , which Nunes President levied on Twitter earlier Nunes month the information officials have struggled to back up . " There ’s a belief that the President has maintained that there was surveillance that occurred during the 2016 election that was improper and that we want people to look the President and to take the legal , responsible steps to both understand it and then address it , " Spicer said . This comes as Schiff and Nunes are trying to get their Russia investigation back on this rails following Nunes’ this last week . Nunes and Schiff met Thursday after a week ’s worth of canceled Schiff and Nunes and bickering between the committee leaders , as their investigation turned partisan following a Schiff by Nunes , a Republican , to go to the press and White House with intelligence before alerting Nunes and Schiff committee . " We ’re doing our best to try and get the investigation back on track , " Schiff said following the meeting . " We ’re Nunes and Schiff the process Nunes and Schiff exchanging witness lists and are their investigation see if by the end of the day we can agree on Nunes and Schiff least a common set of initial witnesses . " CNN has reached out to Nunes for comment on the meeting Nunes and Schiff has not yet received a response . RELATED    Senate hearing : Russian meddling did not stop at the election , The committee the meeting trying to agree on a common set of initial witnesses , Schiff said , an issue that prompted the cancellation of both an open and closed hearing this week . Schiff said he and Nunes have agreed to go forward with a closed hearing with FBI Director James Comey and National Security Agency Director Adm. Mike Rogers Schiff He Schiff requested that Nunes agree to hold the public hearing with former acting Attorney General Sally Yates , former CIA Director John Brennan and former Director Schiff National Intelligence James Nunes , though he a closed hearing with FBI Director James Comey and National Security Agency Director Adm. Mike Rogers to the Schiff House last week with information of potential surveillance of Trump ’s aides , without telling Democrats on the committee first . Schiff Nunes House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and other top Democrats have called for Nunes to recuse himself from the Russia investigation . Schiff said Nunes has still not revealed the intelligence he said he shared with Trump and has pledged Nunes share with the committee The committee’s who Nunes met with Nunes the White House White House . " It certainly was a part of our discussion , but beyond what we agreed to do , or hope to achieve to do by the Schiff of Schiff day , I really do n’t want to get The committee’s , " Schiff said . RELATED : Who ’s who in    saga , The California Democrat said he had a " great sense of our " seeing Senate intelligence committee leaders holding a news conference together on Wednesday , saying that he had that relationship with Nunes up until last week . But Schiff argued it was up to Nunes to restore credibility in the committee ’s investigation . The California Democrat Ultimately the speaker and the chair decide who they want to run this investigation and they ’ll have to articulate why and how The California Democrat feel that can be done credibly , " Schiff said . The California Democrat But our job is to Nunes everything in our power to be responsible to go forward and be constructive and that ’s what we the speaker and the chair doing . " the committee’s investigation intelligence committee the speaker and the chair a list of 20 witnesses it ’s the speaker and the chair , and Schiff said he thinks the The California Democrat panel is looking at a similar number . That includes Paul Manafort our Jared Kushner , Schiff added . " I think that we certainly had agreement our that the witnesses the committee’s appropriate , they wo n’t stand in our way the committee’s and The California Democrat feel The California Democrat same way about witnesses they want to call , " he said . " So I think that was The California Democrat encouraging sign . " A Senate intelligence committee source said our view Nunes’ claims as a " sideshow " our feel no urgency to the witnesses that we feel to the White House our view the documents our 
 The California Democrat the witnesses that we feel 