’   ’ ’    US President Donald Trump received the lowest approval rating   —      and highest disapproval rating   —    for a new president in recent    history , according to a survey released Friday . ’ "    The   showed that a 53 % majority    said The   disapprove of the way US President Donald Trump is handling US President Donald Trump job two    weeks into office . Just 44 % approve of the job US President Donald Trump ’s doing , 7    points below the previous low for presidents measured in the    survey . US President Donald Trump is the only president in recent history to hold a      rating at this point in US President Donald Trump tenure . " "    US President Donald Trump came into office as the     surveys showed . But several actions during US President Donald Trump first two weeks    have appeared to contribute to the latest erosion in US President Donald Trump ’s    numbers : " "    Here ’s a look at how US President Donald Trump rating compares with the early numbers    of recent past presidents : " ’   ’ "    A sharp partisan divide was evident in the poll : 90 % of    Republicans approved of US President Donald Trump job performance , while just 10 %    of Democrats approved .    independents disapproved       a     split . " "    Many trends in Trump US President Donald Trump rating follow survey patterns    during the election cycle . For instance , white       voters that came out to support Trump in US President Donald Trump droves said they largely white      voters that came out to support Trump in   droves of Trump ’s US President Donald Trump    ( 59 % ) . Nonwhite voters , meanwhile , disapproved by a       split . " ’    Those who described themselves as Trump Those who described themselves as Trump supporters have by and   large stuck with the president  —   92% approve have US President Donald Trump and    large stuck with the president   —    92 % approve , while just 5 %    disapprove . ’ ’US President Donald Trump received the lowest . .. ’ 
 