’   ’ "    Donald Trump wants to reform America ’s corporate tax system and    give companies a sweeter deal that encourage companies to bring    profits home , instead of stashing companies overseas .     Once some of this $ 2 . 6 trillion is back onshore , this    could fuel investment and expansion and hiring and    acquisitions in the United States .    " ’    But corporate the United States may not be interested in sharing corporate America new tax break with the rest of the United States .    Instead , Goldman Sachs is predicting that the companies in    the S&P 500 Index   —    the 500 biggest public companies in    the United States — corporate America spend a record amount of money on stock    buybacks next year .   ’ ’    From the report : ’ "    Quick recap : in a stock buyback , companies buy their own shares    companies the public markets using their own cash . companies serve a    specific purpose : they make a company Buybacks earnings    look better without them having to actually Buybacks better .    They can      Buybacks though they have n’t much Buybacks   —    help bolster a    company ’s stock price .    The sacrifice here    though , is that the money spent on buybacks    is not being spent on building new factories , raising wages ,    hiring workers or    the business .     Trump ’s tax plan is to lower the overall corporate rate    to 15 % from 35 % . It will also lower Trump tax rate on profits    stashed overseas to 10 % which can be paid over 10    years .     The repatriation could lead to a 30 % surge in buybacks by the    S&P 500 companies , Goldman says . Without tax reform , the    increase would be closer to 5 % .   " "    In other words , a fat chunk of the money companies are going to    bring home is    to go right back to people who own stocks ,    which is to    , not to investment in the overall economy and the    people who work in it .     To be fair , we should note that it ’s not all going to    buybacks . Goldman    about half will go to more productive uses     —    like cash acquisition , research & development , and capital    expenditures . These will increase by 5 % to 7 % the bank predicts .    But repurchases will trump any one of these other uses in terms    of size .   " ’   ’ "    In the wake of Trump ’s election to President of the United States    the stock market has rallied to    highs . While       think this is    signal Trump will be great Trump’s corporate    America , this rush to buybacks tells us a different    story . " ’   ’ ’   ’ "    And they have plenty of ’   to worry too . Earnings have been    on the decline for years , and next year ’s outlook is n’t much    better . Plus    borrowing costs are going up , not just    because the Federal Reserve will likely raise    interest rates ,    also because markets are anticipating    that Trump will throw money at a stimulus package , resulting in    inflation . His    stance on Trump is also inflationary ,    according to analysts    Deutsche Bank . " ’    See , one thing is giving corporate America a tax break and saying    " have at it . " Another a tax break is creating an economic environment    where corporations feel secure enough to invest . Obviously the    idea of a Trump presidency , though it has boosted stocks Trump the    extremely    isn’’t making companies feel secure into    2017 .   ’ "    Thanks to buybacks , though , that does n’t mean their stocks will    buybacks down substantially at the outset . It just means they    n’t be their stocks investing as much    the things that actually make America great     —    research and development , capital expenditures , and higher    wages . " "    Listen to BI ’s Linette Lopez and Josh Barro talk Trump trade    policy on their podcast ,   " ’ ’ 
 