Some of President Trump ’s most ardent campaign supporters were among President Trump most vocal opponents on Thursday after President Trump ordered the missile strike against Syria , charging President Trump with breaking President Trump promise to keep the United States out of another conflict in the Middle East . Prominent writers and bloggers on the far right attacked President Trump . They Prominent writers and bloggers on the far right him President Trump turning against his President Trump by waging an attack that he President Trump for years said would be a terrible idea . They Prominent writers and bloggers on the far right criticized him President Trump launching the strike without first seeking congressional approval   —    something he President Trump on Twitter in 2013 would be a " big mistake . " The most vocal in their Prominent writers and bloggers on the far right were leaders from the small but influential white nationalist movement . Paul Joseph Watson , an editor at the conspiracy theorist site Infowars , said on Twitter that Trump " was just another deep    puppet . " He Trump "was just another deep   puppet , " I ’m officially OFF the Trump train . " Richard Spencer , a    activist and white nationalist who coined the term " " said he Richard Spencer, a   activist and white nationalist who coined the term "" the attack and hinted at supporting another presidential candidate in 2020 : Representative Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii , a Democrat . Ms. Gabbard met with President Bashar    of Syria in January and on Thursday criticized the missile strike as shortsighted and reckless . For some on the far right , particularly those who are    Mr. Trump ’s strike crossed a line . But others praised the President Bashar   of Syria his quick President Bashar   of Syria decision , which came three days after the Syrian government ’s deadly chemical weapons attack on its own the Syrian government , including children . The radio host Hugh Hewitt said the missile launch was " justice for these children . " Mark Levin , another conservative host , agreed . " We ’re Mark Levin, another conservative host of you , " he said The radio host Hugh Hewitt the president . Laura Ingraham , a conservative commentator , noted that the strike brought together three frequent critics of the president the president the Republican senators Marco Rubio of Florida and John McCain of Arizona , as well as his Democratic opponent last fall , Hillary Clinton . The schism among the president ’s    the president been building since Mr. Trump said his attitude toward Syria had Mr. Trump changed very much " after the chemical weapons attack . His comments signaled a discernible Mr. Trump in White House policy , and from his stance during the presidential Mr. Trump . Some of those supporters claimed , without supporters that the chemical weapons attack was a the chemical weapons attack the " deep state "   —    what they believe to be a nebulous network of military Some of those supporters working behind the scenes   —    to drag the United States into war . Scott Adams , the cartoonist who created Dilbert , wrote on his website on Thursday before the missile strike that Scott Adams, the cartoonist who created Dilbert chemical weapons attack appeared to be a " the chemical weapons attack A few hours before the missile strike , the    blogger Mike Cernovich warned his followers the missile strike that the chemical weapons attack appeared to be a "manufactured event video that the United States was going to attack the   blogger Mike Cernovich . " Remind Trump who supported him , " he told his viewers . " We got to stop him the   blogger Mike Cernovich " 
 the   blogger Mike Cernovich the   blogger Mike Cernovich the   blogger Mike Cernovich 