  ( CNN ) Just days ahead of his inauguration ,    Donald Trump has issued   Donald Trump own data dump . his own data dump amounts to a blueprint of   Donald Trump foreign policy and has caused widespread consternation among European allies . Germany ’s foreign minister at EU meetings in Brussels described reaction among leaders as " astonishment and agitation . " After months of little detail , Trump has opened up in a joint interview for German newspaper Bild and British newspaper The Times   —    which sent Trump columnist Michael Gove , a sitting UK member of Parliament and prominent Brexit campaigner . In the interview , the    laid out the    thinking on a host of global issues , from China to Russia to NATO to the    thoughts on German Chancellor Angela Merkel and the Queen of England . the    both complimented and castigated Merkel , accusing her of making " a catastrophic mistake " letting " all these illegals in Russia , " a clear reference to Merkel Merkel 2015 open door policy to Syrian refugees . Merkel Merkel the apparent slur in her her , saying once he Merkel in office , " We will see what sort of accord we We forge between us . " What emerges in the interview is Trump ’s clear view that many parts of the world require fixing , and he Trump the man to do it . He Trump that he Trump no politician and talk of deals permeated the dialogue , most notably with Russia . " Let ’s Trump if we can make some good deals with Russia Russia " he Trump the two reporters , holding out the prospect of a nuclear weapons reduction deal with Vladimir Putin that could see him Trump US sanctions on Russia Russia achieve it . He Trump raised fundamental questions about his Trump relationship with Russia Russia describing NATO as obsolete because it was " designed many , many years ago " and that other countries " are n’t paying what they other countries supposed to pay . " None of this is new , but coming so close to Inauguration Day , it this rattling America ’s allies . NATO NATO offering its NATO    spin , saying it NATO " absolutely certain " the America remain " committed to NATO NATO " At Europe ’s bureaucratic heart in Brussels there was even more incredulity . Germany ’s foreign minister said he called NATO Germany’s foreign minister secretary general to discuss his worries : Germany’s foreign minister This is in contradiction with what the American defense secretary [ nominee James Mattis ] said in his hearing in the American defense secretary [nominee James Mattis] a few days ago . " From Europe ’s perspective , Trump revealed a thinness of knowledge about not just NATO NATO but also the European Union , describing it as a construct to take jobs from the United States , while also being in the pocket of Germany , telling reporters : " You look at the UK and you look at the European Union the European Union Germany . Basically the UK vehicle Germany Germany . That ’s why Germany thought the UK was so smart the UK out . " France ’s foreign minister bristled at Trump ’s suggestion in the interview that " Brexit is going to end up being a great thing , " and that more EU nations could follow the the European Union Kingdom out .    Ayrault quickly announced : " The best way to defend Europe is not to accept Mr. Trump ’s invitation , it Trump’s united as a bloc . " The assault on European sensitivities was n’t limited to geopolitics trade was on Trump ’s mind , too . Here , Trump’s were in his gaze , with the    noting how many Mercedes vehicles cruise New York ’s 5th Avenue , and how few Chevrolets are owned by Germans . " How many Chevrolets do you see in Germany ? Maybe none . .. it ’s got ta be a    street . .. that ’s why we ’re losing almost $ 800 , think of America , $ 800 billion a year in trade it " Germany ’s vice chancellor shot back , saying America Germany make better cars , but it did n’t stop BMW or Daimler ’s shares taking Germany’s vice chancellor 2 % shower . Trump said BMW and others must manufacture in the United States or BMW a 35 % trade tariff on cars brought into the country . BMW quickly fired back that it does America the United BMW , and is a BMW exporter . There the United States obvious trades in play . On one hand , Trump promising Britain a    speedy trade deal on the other Trump he was looking to the United Kingdom to back the United Trump on Middle East peace . When asked whether he thought the United States any UN Security Council resolution , Trump responded : " I am Britain for a British veto Trump " He did n’t link the two directly , but he did Trump have to . A new cold war : Trump war games reassure Norway over Russia threat , A hastened trade deal with the United Kingdom is exactly what the British government wants . For British Prime Minister the United Kingdom Trump ’s comments could n’t Russia a better time . But it may yet be a    sword for both of them . As May aligns herself to the    to make up the Brexit trade deficit and Trump casts doubt on Europe , it makes the United Kingdom ’s increasingly acrimonious divorce from the European Union Trump’s the more bitter . Historically , of course , at a time of    tension , US presidents have turned to Britain to put in a good word and help improve relations . But with the British Prime Minister readying herself for a difficult negotiation process with the European Union over the terms of Britain ’s departure , May the British Prime Minister discover Europeans are not so receptive the European Union whispers . 
 Britain Britain the British Prime Minister 