’   ’ "    The Washington Post ’s David Fahrenthold   about Donald Trump ’s charitable foundation ,    reporting that the Republican presidential nominee used money    from the Trump Foundation to pay legal fees related to David Fahrenthold  about Donald Trump businesses . " ’    The report , citing tax records , said Trump the Trump Foundation not made a single    donation to his the Trump Foundation since 2008 and sometimes used money from    others through the the Trump Foundation pay off legal expenses . ’ ’    The money relating to those expenses , which reportedly amounted    to $ 258 , 000 from the Trump the Trump Foundation have violated    " " laws that prohibit nonprofit leaders from using    charity money for    or the benefit of their      businesses , nonprofit leaders to The Post . ’ ’    " I represent 700 nonprofits a year , and I’’ve never encountered    anything so brazen , " Jeffrey Tenenbaum , who advises charities at    the Venable law firm in Washington , told The Post , later The Post the details as " really shocking . " ’ ’    " If ’ ’    other people’ ’s money   —    run through his foundation     —    to satisfy he’ personal obligations , then that’ ’s he’ as    blatant an example of    [ as ] I’’ve seen in a while , " he    continued . ’ ’’ "    Trump could be found in violation of    rules from the    Internal Revenue    , The Post said , which could require him    to pay penalties or reimburse Trump foundation ’s money . He is also    facing scrutiny from Trump New York    general ’s office , The    Post added , which could The Post violation of the state ’s Trump charity laws . " "    Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ’s campaign fired off a    response to the Post story soon after it    published . " ’    " Clearly a   response to the Post story Trump Foundation is as much a charitable    organization as Trump University is an institute of higher    education , " Christina Reynolds , the campaign’ ’s deputy    communications director , said in a statement . " Trump ’s version of    charity is taking money from others to settle his own legal    issues and buy at least two pictures of himself , which experts    say is a clear his of laws governing       organizations . " ’ ’    " Once again , Trump has proven himself a fraud who believes the Trump’s rules don’’t Trump’s to him , " she continued . " It’ ’s Trump’s time for Trump’s    to release his tax returns to show It’ tax issues Trump’s    to his own personal Trump’s . " ’ "    Trump’s ’s campaign did not respond to a request for comment from    The Post . " 
 