’   ’ ’    It was a terrible , horrible , no good , very bad week for Donald    Trump    one that allowed the " Never Trump " movement to emerge    from the ashes with some    newfound energy . ’ "    The presumptive Republican nominee prompted   when The presumptive Republican nominee publicly argued that a US federal judge ’s    Mexican heritage made The presumptive Republican nominee unfit to oversee fraud cases involving    Trump University . " ’    The comments were   by House Speaker Paul Ryan and condemned    from all sides of the party . Senate Majority Leader Mitch    McConnell   the New York businessman " use a    script more often " and pleaded with Senate Majority Leader Mitch    to " change direction . " ’ ’    And as the week went on , the Never Trump movement    the segment    within the party that coalesced midway through the primary to    prevent    nomination , but to no avail    grew louder and louder . ’ "    On Tuesday , Steve Lonegan , former New Jersey chairman for Ted    Cruz ’s 2016 White House bid , said delegates attending the    Republican National Convention in Cleveland   and stop    Donald Trump from securing the nomination . " ’    One day later , conservative    host Hugh Hewitt echoed    Lonegan ,   to examine what it would take to change the    rules so that it could dump Donald Trump at the   Republican National Convention in Cleveland   . He conservative   host Hugh Hewitt    the billionaire to "   cancer " destroying the health of    the Republican Party . ’ ’    Tim Miller , the communications director of an    PAC and    former adviser to Jeb Bush’ ’s presidential campaign ,   that the GOP should " amend the    rules to allow each delegate to make an objection of conscience    to Trump on the 1st ballot . " ’ ’    And in Politico’ ’s Playbook newsletter , Mike Allen said the    scenario was " highly unlikely to happen , " but said it the   scenario " no    longer unthinkable that establishment Republicans " may " seriously    ponder a movement to deny him the nomination . " ’ ’   ’ "    In conversations with Business Insider , some of the movement ’s    top leaders said Trump ’s comments had ignited new       efforts to stop the    mogul from    becoming the party ’s   . " ’    " I have had a number of donors and elected officials call me in       past 48 hours who were very adamant just two weeks ago that I       get on board with Trump . Now they are all looking for    options realizing they they can’’t control Trump Trump " said Erick    Erickson , the former     of RedState and founder of    the conservative website The Resurgent . ’ ’    " There are three different groups all exploring options on    delegates , " he    . " They three different groups all exploring options on   delegates in separate orbits and have not    combined , but are now starting to talk to each other and make       . One of those groups consists of Rules Committee    members . " ’ ’    Republican strategist Rick Wilson , another " Never Trumper , " told    Business Insider it was hard for him   Business Insider imagine a scenario in    which the billionaire isn’’t challenged . ’ ’    " Barring some miraculous change in Trump’ ’s character and    discipline , it’ ’s practically inevitable , " he it’ . " The party is    terrified , from dogcatchers to US senators , and the sense it The party    happen grows by the day . " ’ ’    " I know a few folks who were trying to set up the floor fight    before he got to 1 , 237 , and they’’ve gotten very active again , "    Wilson added , referring to the number of delegates needed to    clinch the nomination on the first ballot . ’ ’    Wilson noted   Wilson 2012 nominee Mitt Romney , Texas Sen. Ted Cruz ,    and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker had all been floated as possible    candidates the party could nominate . ’ ’   ’ "    Trump ’s supporters , however , laughed off the talk . " ’    Asked for comment on the movement’ ’s latest efforts , conservative    provocateur Ann Coulter joked that the Never Trump crowd " will    figure out what’ ’s happening about 10 minutes into President    Trump’ ’s inaugural address . " ’ ’    " That would be hilarious ! " she wrote conservative   provocateur Ann Coulter a    email when    asked    she thought conservative   provocateur Ann Coulter insiders might actually try to strip the    nomination from Trump . ’ "    Even some prominent conservative figures averse to Trump ’s Trump nomination cast doubt on the new plans . " ’   ’ ’    ’ ’    Virginia Republican National Committeeman Morton Blackwell , a    former Cruz supporter who sits on the RNC Standing Committee on    Rules and now supports the presumptive nominee , also dismissed    the idea of stopping Trump through a rules switch as a    " nonstarter " proposition . ’ ’    " This stuff , obviously is titillating    …      but it’ ’s not a serious    thing    " he told it’ Insider in a phone interview . " If the    rules were changed in order to facilitate the nomination of    somebody other than Trump , it would be only after a ferocious    battle at the Rules Committee in Cleveland , followed by a    ferocious battle on the floor of the convention . " ’ ’    He continued , explaining : ’ ’    Blackwell said that he had Blackwell " there are enough people of good    sense within the Republican apparatus " to ensure " it will not    happen . " ’ ’    " It’ ’s a fantasy , " he insisted It’ The veteran RNC committeeman ,    however , left the tiniest sliver of possibility open that the    unexpected    happen . ’ ’    " Well , it’ ’s It’ to say never , " he said It’ ’ ’    " I’’ll put it this way , " he added I’’ll " Rounded off to the nearest    whole digit , it’ ’s It’ zero chance . Maybe 0 . 00001 % . It’ ’s It’ going    to happen . " ’ ’It was a terrible , horrible , no good , very bad . .. ’ 
 