Washington ( CNN ) Henry Kissinger and George Shultz announced Friday that Henry Kissinger and George Shultz will not be backing either major party candidate in the 2016 race , saying Henry Kissinger and George Shultz ’d prefer to focus on working across party lines to improve America ’s standing in the world . The decision by the former Republican secretaries of state is the latest public snub of GOP nominee Donald Trump , who has been spurned by several other prominent party elders . " the latest public snub of GOP nominee Donald Trump, who has been spurned by several other prominent party elders are not making any endorsement in the current presidential election , " the latest public snub of GOP nominee Donald Trump, who has been spurned by several other prominent party elders wrote in a joint statement . " the latest public snub of GOP nominee Donald Trump, who has been spurned by several other prominent party elders are dedicated to fostering a bipartisan foreign policy and the latest public snub of GOP nominee Donald Trump, who has been spurned by several other prominent party elders will devote the latest public snub of GOP nominee Donald Trump, who has been spurned by several other prominent party elders to this effort now and after the current presidential election . " Obama to bid farewell with Asia pivot in flux , Politico first reported earlier Friday about the prospect of the two former diplomats backing Clinton . Kissinger , a former national security adviser and later secretary of state to Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford , and Shultz , who served President Ronald Reagan , join other notable Republicans who have so far refused to fall behind their party ’s   .   Why Republicans oppose Trump and why ? Neither of the two Presidents Bush , as well as former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , have endorsed Trump Trump The their party’s   2012 nominee , Mitt Romney , has said he ’s Mitt Romney voting Libertarian , and Brent Scowcroft and Richard Armitage , both of whom held high posts in Republican administrations , have said they ’ll both of whom for Clinton . Donald Trump on Mexico : Then and Now , This is n’t the first time Kissinger ’s name has surfaced on the 2016 campaign trail . In February , Clinton ’s Clinton challenger , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , declared that he was Clinton proud to say that Henry Kissinger Kissinger my friend , " referring to past Clinton statements Clinton she sought Clinton ’s advice Kissinger’s of state . 
 