Roger Ailes , the former Fox News chairman ousted last month over charges of sexual harassment , is advising Donald J. Trump in preparation for the    presidential debates this fall . Roger Ailes is aiding the Republican nominee as Mr. Donald J. Trump his Roger Ailes to the first debate with Hillary Clinton , his Roger Ailes opponent , on Sept. 26 at Hofstra University on Long Island , according to four people briefed on the move , who insisted on anonymity because they were anonymity authorized to discuss the matter . Two of them said anonymity Roger Ailes could extend beyond the debates , which Mr. Trump ’s advisers see as crucial to vaulting him back into strong Mr. Trump’s for the presidency after    wounds that have eroded his standing in public Mr. Trump’s polls . For Mr. Ailes , Roger Ailes with Mr. Trump ’s campaign could Mr. Trump’s of redemption after he was pushed out Roger Ailes the powerful network that he helped build . Roger Ailes for Mr. Trump , having Mr. Ailes taking Mr. Trump’s his preparations for the debates Roger Ailes immeasurably to the messaging and media expertise in his corner   —    Roger Ailes could raise alarms within Mrs. Clinton ’s camp about just how aggressive Mr. Trump plans to be in those encounters . Mr. Trump’s ’s intimate knowledge Roger Ailes Fox News approaches debates could also give Mr. Trump an important edge should one of the network ’s Mr. Trump’s chosen to moderate one of the three events . It was not clear when Mr. Ailes began helping the campaign Roger Ailes resigned his post at Fox News Roger Ailes July Roger Ailes amid an investigation into allegations of sexual harassment Fox News female employees that occurred after a lawsuit by the former anchor Gretchen Carlson . It was also not immediately known whether Mr. Ailes , who received $ 40 million in an exit agreement with Fox News , would be paid for work on the campaign , or how Fox News he would devote to it . Mr. Roger Ailes the campaign chairman , Paul Manafort , is not being paid . the campaign Estrich , a lawyer who is representing Mr. Ailes , did not respond to emails and phone messages . Mr. Ailes met with Mr. Trump on Sunday at the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster Mr. Ailes J. and Mr. Trump’s a range of matters related to the presidential race , including campaign advertisements , according to a person briefed on the discussion . In a telephone interview late Tuesday afternoon , Mr. Trump said Mr. Ailes was not formally involved in his debate preparations , and chafed at Mr. Trump’s that he even Mr. Ailes prepare for them . " I Mr. Ailes speak with Roger , but this is not a Mr. Ailes thing , " Mr. Trump said . " I do n’t have a debate coach . I ’ve never had a Mr. Trump’s . " He insisted that Mr. Ailes had " no role . " Before he founded Fox News in 1996 , Mr. Trump’s Ailes spent years as Mr. Ailes political strategist with a pit bull style . Mr. Ailes was a top adviser to Richard Mr. Ailes ’s presidential campaign in 1968 , softening the candidate ’s    unapproachable image . Mr. Ailes was also a    debate coach , working with President Ronald Reagan in 1984 and readying Vice President George Bush for debates Mr. Ailes Gov. Michael S. Dukakis of Massachusetts in 1988 . According to Gabriel Sherman ’s 2014 book on Mr. Ailes , " The Loudest Voice in the Room , " Mr. Ailes played a crucial role before Reagan ’s second debate with Vice President Walter F. Mondale in 1984 . During a prep Mr. Ailes he asked Reagan , who President Ronald Reagan performed badly in the first debate , how he would handle being asked about his age . The Mr. Ailes came quickly , and Reagan ’s answer , which went down in the Mr. Ailes of witty debate lines , Mr. Ailes quashed the subject : " I will President Ronald Reagan make age an issue of this campaign , " he said . " I am not going to exploit for political purposes my opponent ’s youth and inexperience . " In 1988 , Mr. Ailes Ailes was enlisted for an image makeover of Mr. Bush , urging the patrician Republican to model himself after the actor Gary Cooper . In debate prep , Mr. Ailes launched rapid questions at Mr. Bush to hone his reflexes , Mr. Ailes directed the candidate to slow his sentences and deepen his Mr. Ailes according to Mr. Sherman ’s Mr. Bush Mr. Ailes also Mr. Bush on    political races , including the unsuccessful Mr. Bush York City mayoral Mr. Bush of Rudolph W. Giuliani in 1989 . Mr. Mr. Ailes emerged as one of Mr. Trump ’s most devoted surrogates in the presidential campaign . Mr. Ailes and Mr. Trump themselves have a long Rudolph W. Giuliani although it became fraught Mr. Ailes’s Republican primaries . Still the unsuccessful New York City mayoral campaign of Rudolph W. Giuliani in 1989 ’s involvement is certain to stoke controversy , both for the ongoing sexual harassment cases and for the role that Fox News played in covering Mr. Trump ’s candidacy   —    and elevating him as a potential presidential candidate beginning Mr. Ailes and Mr. Trump themselves 2011 . One of Mr. Trump ’s    and    campaign controversies was a dispute with the Fox News host Megyn Kelly , with whom Mr. Ailes’s clashed angrily beginning with the first Republican primary debate a year Mr. Trump’s Afterward , Mr. Trump implied that she had been agitated during the first Republican debate because she was menstruating Mr. Ailes’s Mr. Trump insisted that Ms. Kelly had treated him unfairly and berated the network for suggesting Mr. Trump’s moderate at a Mr. Trump’s debate . The dispute led Mr. Trump to skip Mr. Trump’s final debate before Mr. Trump’s caucuses , which Ms. Kelly helped moderate Mr. Trump’s Fox News . Notably , when Mr. Ailes Mr. Trump’s the network in July , Mr. Manafort , the Mr. Trump’s chairman , denied suggestions that Mr. Ailes would be advising the campaign Ms. Kelly    but the candidate left the door open . Asked   by Chuck the network NBC News on July 24 whether Mr. Trump’s Ailes was going to advise the campaign , Mr. Trump . But he ’s been a friend of mine for a long time Fox News He called Mr. Ailes a " Mr. Ailes very good person " and said , " A lot of people are thinking he ’s going to run my campaign . " Mr. Ailes brings enormous experience in preparing Mr. Trump presidential debates , but his Mr. Ailes Mr. Trump ’s team also raises Mr. Trump questions . Mr. Trump ’s support among female voters has eroded during the course of his campaign , after a number Mr. Trump statements . Mr. Trump the campaign during the crowded Republican primary Mr. Ailes was far less pronounced than it will be in what could be a     against Mrs. Clinton over 90 minutes . Mr. Trump’s one of 10 candidates onstage and could often filibuster his way the campaign Mr. Trump’s avoid them entirely as his rivals consumed airtime   Mr. Trump’s an approach that would be untenable in a     or even a    matchup Mr. Trump’s challenge during the crowded Republican primary debates the Libertarian candidate , Gary Johnson . What is more , some of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s worst moments in the primary debates involved Ms. Kelly and Mr. Trump’s Fiorina , the only woman 10 candidates onstage the Republican Mr. Trump’s contest . Mr. Trump , who has repeatedly swatted away accusations of sexism during the campaign , will probably require coaching on how to handle the potential first female president in a debate . Whether Mr. Ailes can best address that concern is unclear . He is deeply familiar with Republican lines of attack against Mrs. Clinton , and with the controversies that have surrounded her and her husband going back to their days in the White House . But even before the sexual harassment allegations against Mr. Ailes , there were questions about whether he had adequately defended Ms. Kelly in Mr. Ailes fight against Mr. Trump in 2015 . 
 Mr. Ailes Mr. Ailes Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton her and her husband Ms. Kelly 