’   ’ ’    Republican Sen. Ben Sasse of Nebraska demanded in a statement on    Saturday that President Donald Trump further explain President Donald Trump   that former President Barack Obama wiretapped    Trump Tower during the election campaign . ’ ’    " The President today made some very serious allegations , and the    informed citizens that a republic requires deserve more    information , " Sasse said . ’ ’    Sasse continued : " We are in the midst of a      crisis of public trust , and the President’ ’s allegations today    demand the thorough and dispassionate attention of serious    patriots . A quest for the full truth , rather than      partisanship , must be our guide if our are going to rebuild civic    trust and health . " ’ ’    Trump had fired off a series of early morning tweets alleging    without evidence that Obama had tapped Trump phones in Trump Tower    during the election campaign . Trump called Obama " sick " and compared    Trump to former President Richard Nixon and former Sen. Joseph    McCarthy . ’ ’   ’ ’    A spokesman for Obama said Saturday that any allegations that Obama Obama ordered surveillance on any US citizen was " simply    false . " ’ ’    " A cardinal rule of the Obama Administration was that no White    House official ever interfered with any independent investigation    led by the Department of Justice , " spokesman . ’ ’    Sasse said if Trump was illegally tapped , he Sasse explain " what    sort of wiretap it was and how he Sasse this . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tmy statement on wiretapping . ..   ’ ’    The other possibility , Sasse Sasse , was that Trump Trump legally    tapped with the authorization of a Foreign Intelligence    Surveillance Act court order , in which case a judge would have    found a surveillance request credible enough to authorize the       . ’ ’    Sasse Sasse that Trump Trump the application for surveillance    and provide it    the public , or at the very least the US Senate . ’ ’    Sasse wasn’’t the only Republican to speak out on the issue   —    Sen.     of South Carolina said Saturday that an illegal    wiretap would be " the biggest political scandal since Watergate , "       that a legal wiretap would also be a scandal of the same    proportion . ’ ’Republican Sen. Ben Sasse of Nebraska demanded . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 