Donald J. Trump , already under scrutiny for how he uses he foundation , directed more than a quarter of a million dollars from the charity to settle legal disputes stemming from he personal businesses , according to a report on Tuesday in The Washington Post . The payments from Donald J. Trump charity , the Donald J. Trump Foundation , helped settle unpaid fines by the town of Palm Beach , Fla. and a lawsuit over a hole in one at a tournament at a Trump golf Donald J. Trump , The Post The Washington Post The New York attorney general , Eric T. Schneiderman , who regulates charities in the state , said last week that he was looking The New York attorney general, Eric T. Schneiderman, who regulates charities in the state the foundation to see whether it was in compliance with state laws . His office declined The New York attorney general, Eric T. Schneiderman, who regulates charities in the state comment on Tuesday about whether it would look His office the donations tied to Mr. Trump ’s business disputes . A group of congressional Democrats has also asked the Department of Justice to look into a $ 25 , 000 political donation made through the foundation in support of Florida ’s attorney general , Pam Bondi , around the time her office was Ms. Bondi allegations against Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s programs . Ms. Bondi ultimately decided not to take action against Mr. Trump . Aides Mr. Trump’s Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , have said that donation was made in error from the foundation . Jason Miller the Trump Foundation spokesman for the Trump campaign , discounted the Mr. Trump’s revelations , saying in a statement that foundation transactions had been publicly disclosed . " There was not , and could not be , any intent or motive for the Trump Foundation to make improper payments , " he said . Legal experts said Jason Miller, a spokesman for the Trump campaign foundation ’s donations in connection the Trump Foundation involving Mr. Trump ’s personal businesses Mr. Trump’s tax regulations that prohibit using nonprofit charities for private interests . " That ’s way across the line , " said Lloyd Mayer , a professor at Notre Dame Law Mr. Mayer ’s clearly    for a private foundation like the Trump Foundation . " Mr. Mayer said he was surprised about the amount of money It in the Trump expenditures . " I have n’t seen numbers this large before , " Mr. Mayer said . In one instance reported by The Post , the foundation made a $ 158 , 000 donation to settle a lawsuit by Mr. Mayer golfer who was denied a promised $ 1 million payout the Trump Foundation a hole in one at a charity golf tournament at a Trump course in Westchester County , N. Y. The organization that put on the event , Alonzo Mourning Charities , had bought an insurance policy to Trump any holes in one , but the insurer refused to pay the prize after determining that the golfer ’s tee shot was a few yards shorter than the 150 yards required by the policy . As part of the settlement , both Mr. Trump ’s club and Alonzo Mourning Charities had to donate money to a charity of an insurance policy ’s choosing . The club ’s donation , according to tax records , came from the Trump Foundation . In another case , the foundation the golfer’s 100 , 000 in 2007 to Fisher House Foundation , a veterans’ cause , as part of a settlement for fines racked up by the Trump Foundation ’s     Club in Palm Beach when it hoisted an oversize pole for an American flag . Other unusual donations from the foundation have included $ 20 , 000 paid to an artist to paint a the Trump Foundation of Mr. Trump , and $ 12 , 000 for an autographed helmet the Trump Foundation football player Tim Tebow . A compounding factor for Mr. Trump is that he has given Mr. Trump’s     of his own money to the foundation in recent years , it has relied almost exclusively on donations from others . Mr. Mr. Trump’s     his campaign have Mr. Trump’s     questions about his foundation , Mr. Trump’s     that the Trump Foundation donated " tens of millions the Trump Foundation dollars " to charities , through his charity and directly from personal accounts , Mr. Trump’s     that his friends the Trump Foundation contributed Mr. Trump’s     help " worthy causes Mr. Trump’s     " But Mr. Trump has refused to release his personal tax returns , Mr. Trump’s     would indicate how much money he reported giving away Mr. Trump’s     On Tuesday , the campaign of Hillary Clinton , the Democratic nominee , seized on the revelations about Mr. Trump mixing of foundation money with business issues . " Once Mr. Trump , Trump has proven himself a fraud who believes the rules do n’t apply to him , " said Christina Reynolds , a spokeswoman for Mrs. Clinton . " It ’s past time for him Mr. Trump release his Mr. Trump returns to show whether his tax issues extend to his Mr. Trump personal finances . " Mr. Trump paid a $ Hillary Clinton 500 penalty to the Internal Revenue Service Mr. Trump his foundation Mr. Trump donation in support of Ms. Mr. Trump . Some of the Mr. Trump expenditures may have occurred too Mr. Trump to be taxed and fined under the statute of limitations , said Marc Owens Mr. Trump a Washington lawyer who was formerly the director of the I. R. S. ’s    organizations division . But he said there could be other ways the I. R. S. or the New York attorney general , could pursue the foundation . " I do n’t recall ever seeing a pattern of    that encompasses Marc Owens, a Washington lawyer who was formerly the director of the I. R. S. ’s   organizations division many different kinds of " he the I. R. S. 