Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders said Thursday that Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders will " finish this term as an Independent , " and called on    Donald Trump to cut ties with Bannon . [ " I was elected , last election , as an Independent and I will finish this term as an Independent , " Sanders said at annual an Independent Monitor Breakfast .   However , the former Democratic presidential candidate began his remarks by urging Trump to rescind his appointment the former Democratic presidential candidate Bannon . " Let me begin the former Democratic presidential candidate telling you that just yesterday , my office , from Vermont , a small state , received many , many hundreds of telephone calls urging    Trump to withdraw his appointment of Mr. Bannon Trump Trump major advisor Trump Bannon " Sanders said . On Wednesday , Bannon was elevated to an Trump position among Senate Democrats’ leadership Trump . When asked Thursday about how he will be used by the party going forward , Sanders Trump , " I do n’t know . " Sanders Trump know , however , " It is time for Trump searching within the Democratic Party . " Detailing the myriad political losses Democrats have suffered since 2008 , Sanders said , " The evidence is pretty clear that when Trump lose the White House [   …     ] when you lose the Senate , when you lose the House , when you lose two thirds of state governor ’s chairs in the country , when you ’ve lost some 900 seats in legislatures around this country , in the last eight years , I think the country time for the Democratic Party to reassess what it stands for and where it wants to go . " Moments the Democratic Party , Sanders seemed to the Democratic Party a veiled shot at the Democratic Party for favoring Hillary Clinton in the general election . the Democratic Party has to make a fundamental decision , " he said , " the Democratic Party are you on ? " " It is not Sanders to be a candidate of cooperate America , not possible to be a candidate of the insurance companies or Wall Street , not take huge amounts of money from power special interests and then say ‘ I ’m going to champion the needs of the a declining middle class , I ’m going to champion and fight for the needs of working class people or low ’m people.’ I do n’t think you can do that . And I think you have to make a decision as to which side you ’re on . " Sanders echoed Thursday what he ’d written in his new memoir , Our Revolution : A Future to Believe Sanders .   The Sanders Senator criticized the " corporate media " for ignoring the issues facing middle Sanders Sanders did praise Trump , calling him a " very smart person " and urged the    Sanders " apologize " for the Sanders terrible things that he has said on the campaign trail to minorities . " " I would hope that he Sanders he has an extraordinary opportunity , an unbelievable opportunity to say , ‘ I said Sanders … Sanders terrible things . I apologize . I am not going to be a president leading a racist or a sexist or a homophobic or Islamophobic administration . I want to focus on the real issues facing the American people,’ many of which he touched upon during his campaign , " Sanders said . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 he he 