’   ’ ’    FBI experts warn that the bureau is on the " slipperiest of    slopes " by reportedly revealing information about an ongoing    investigation to President Donald Trump’ ’s administration . ’ "    And FBI experts say it all began with Hillary Clinton ’s email    investigation . " "    While   and the   versions of the story differ , Trump ’s Chief of    Staff Reince Priebus and FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe    allegedly discussed an open FBI investigation that members of    Trump’s presidential campaign had multiple contacts with Russian    operatives . " "    The FBI FBI n’t comment on open investigations , and    has n’t spoken up about this incident .   so that the bureau can remain independent from    political      —    and experts caution that independence could    be    risk . " ’   ’ "    Experts trace the current quagmire back to when FBI Director FBI James Comey     declaring that he was FBI Director   James Comey     the bureau ’s investigation into    Clinton ’s use of a private email server while secretary of state .    Just three days before Election Day ,   announcing the FBI FBI FBI    of   Clinton’s wrongdoing , again . " "    Timothy Murphy , a former deputy director of the FBI who FBI under multiple administrations , said the FBI is realizing FBI FBI n’t repeat FBI they did with the Clinton FBI , and should   Clinton’s revert to their       . " FBI    " If you come out one time , even in this rare case , and the Clinton case publicly about an investigation    then I think it gives people   —      the American public , Congress , the administration   —    some leverage    over you to start saying , ’’ Well you talked about this    investigation , why can’’t you talk about this next one ? " he told    Business Insider . " can’’t you start down that slippery slope about    talking about investigations , it puts you into a box , and they’’ve    got to get back out of that . " ’ ’    James Wedick , a retired agent who spent 35 years at the FBI ,    agreed that the bureau was in " uncharted waters " because of    Comey’ ’s actions , and said he used to tell his agents to ’ ’   James Wedick, a retired agent who spent 35 years at the FBI,    just say    ’ ’   James Wedick, a retired agent who spent 35 years at the FBI,    " when anyone asked them    discuss investigations . ’ ’ his agents " The problem is the questions never end . It’ ’s never just one    question . It just begets a whole series of other questions , " he    told Business Insider . " ’ ’   James Wedick, a retired agent who spent 35 years at the FBI,    , the bureau is into the argument .    Now it’ ’s going on forever    And It’ are more questions . Each    time that happens , the public’    trust in the bureau becomes    undermined . That’ the bureau it    happen . That’ ’s where       find themselves today That’ It’ ’s    complicated mess they " It’ ’    Murphy and Wedick both said FBI agents should " keep their heads    down , " try to both the political noise as much as they can , and    focus on their both to get out    this " both . " ’ ’    Sanford J. Ungar , an FBI historian at Georgetown University ,    warned that if the bureau tells the Trump administration about    open investigations , it could be in danger of being perceived as    a puppet investigative agency like ones in    South American or    European countries , as opposed to the fiercely independent    organization that it has been for decades . ’ ’    " Once that happens , then there’ ’s always going to be suspicion    about whether the bureau is going to be used , or is going    straight down the middle and investigating the    , " he told    Business Insider . " If    appears it belongs to one party , or one it administration , or one official within an administration , then    it’ ’s on the road to perdition . " ’ ’FBI experts warn that the bureau is on the . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 