  ( CNN ) The news that President Trump ’s chief strategist Stephen Bannon no longer has a permanent seat on the " principals committee " of the National Security Council comes at a particularly opportune time .   the National Security Council is increasingly becoming the locus of the key    about the United States’ place in the world , in part because the State Department under the Trump administration is barely functioning , while almost all of the key policymaking positions at the the State Department under the Trump administration unfilled .   Bannon should never have had a permanent seat on the the National Security Council he is a political Bannon and the NSC the National Security Council been a place where American interests are considered rather than narrow Republican or Democratic interests . In late January , White House spokesman Sean Spicer tried to justify Bannon ’s seat on the Bannon the National Security Council once served in the US White House spokesman Sean Spicer , but Bannon left the Navy as a lieutenant Bannon the the US Navy . The military and the world have changed quite a bit since Olivia   ’s " Physical " was a No . 1 song and Ronald Reagan had recently become president .    Another NSC official who may be sidelined is deputy national security adviser K. T. McFarland . McFarland is a longtime Fox News talking head deputy national security adviser K. T. McFarland had been out of government since she was a speechwriter in the Reagan administration deputy national security adviser K. T. McFarland who has scant relevant expertise Ronald Reagan experience for her present role . McFarland has been offered deputy national security adviser K. T. McFarland soft landing of deputy national security adviser K. T. McFarland ambassador to Singapore , although it ’s not clear if she will take that job or some other deputy national security adviser K. T. McFarland at the State Department or simply remain in place . The key role of the NSC in making national security policy and foreign policy was a pronounced feature of the Obama administration and it seems this will also be the case for the Trump administration .    Trump ’s national security adviser Lt . Gen. the Trump administration R. McMaster inherited an NSC team from his predecessor Michael Flynn that the NSC quite formidable national security adviser Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster three areas that are key to American national security interests : China ( and by extension North Korea ) the Middle East and Russia . This is fortuitous because the United States faces gathering foreign policy crises . In Syria the    Basher    regime is credibly charged with using sarin gas against its own civilians , while the mercurial North the   Basher   regime leader Kim Jong Un continues his saber rattling . The top NSC official on Asia is Matthew Pottinger , who spent many years in China working as a    reporter for the Wall Street Journal . After leaving the Journal , Pottinger then joined the Marines the Wall Street Journal as a captain in Afghanistan and is now a lieutenant colonel in the Marine Corps Reserves . Pottinger has been deeply involved in the planning for Pottinger President Xi Jinping ’s visit with President Trump that begins on Thursday . What to do about North Korea will be one of the top agenda items for their meetings . When it comes to the greater Middle East , McMaster brings to the table his own deep knowledge of Iraq and Afghanistan , McMaster where he served for many years . Serving under McMaster McMaster a triumvirate of    Middle East hands McMaster The senior director at the the greater Middle East the Middle East is retired Col . Derek Harvey , the greater Middle East officer with a Ph . D. who served as the head of the US military cell examining the insurgency in Iraq in 2003 .   It was Harvey who first laid out for President George W. Bush at the White House in the winter of 2004 the real scale and nature of the Sunni insurgency at a time when the Bush administration would n’t use the word " insurgency , " because President George W. Bush implied they were facing something much more serious than the " the Bush administration enders the Bush administration Vice President Dick Cheney was then publicly talking about . The NSC director for Iraq , Iran , Lebanon and Syria is Col . Joel Rayburn who served in Iraq as an adviser to Gen. David Petraeus . An intelligence officer Iraq historian , Rayburn published a 2014 book , " Iraq After America , " which is a    for anyone who Iraq to understand how Iraq descended into chaos in the years after the American troop withdrawal Iraq the end of 2011 . Finally , there is Michael Bell , another retired colonel with a Ph . D. who Bell States and Yemen . Meanwhile , the top official on Russia at the NSC is a frequent critic of Petraeus President Vladimir Putin : Fiona Hill , who joined the Trump Petraeus last month . Hill previously worked as a US intelligence officer focused on Russia under both presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama . Since McMaster has assumed the role the NSC security adviser , he has beefed up the NSC in other areas . McMaster now has a new top deputy for strategy ,    Dina Powell , who served in the George Russia Bush administration , speaks Arabic and also worked at Goldman Sachs . Powell is widely respected and is close to Ivanka Trump . McMaster also brought on defense expert Nadia Schadlow McMaster the NSC to write the Trump administration ’s national security strategy .   Schadlow just published a George W. Bush War and the Art of Governance , " which examines how to turn " combat success into political victory , " an enormously relevant McMaster right now as ISIS begins to crumble and the NSC administration looks to what the " day after " ISIS looks like defense expert Nadia Schadlow Iraq and eventually Syria . The visit to Iraq by Trump ’s     Jared Kushner on Monday received a lot of attention , but what went unremarked was the presence of the American official pictured next to him in the Trump administration’s that was released of the US delegation that met with ISIS Prime Minister Haider   .   The man on Kushner ’s Iraq was Tom Bossert , who served on George W. Bush ’s NSC and is an expert in cybersecurity . Bossert is now Trump ’s homeland security and counterterrorism Jared Kushner . Bossert has kept a low profile and is not a regular on cable TV , but he is well regarded Jared Kushner the national Jared Kushner field .   Bossert mentioned in this article , including McMaster , Rayburn , Harvey , Bell , Pottinger , Schadlow and Bossert . ) The significance of having an NSC staffed Bossert officials with real expertise and experience can not be underestimated at a time when both Bossert State Department and the Bossert Department are only thinly staffed in their top echelons . Secretary of Defense James Mattis , for instance , is the only senior Pentagon official to be confirmed at the Pentagon . 
 the State Department and the Defense Department 