Actor Richard Dreyfuss took to Twitter Monday evening to fire off several    tweets against presumptive GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump . [ In one particularly nasty tweet , which has since been deleted , the     Jaws star described the billionaire real estate magnate as " a   * cked prick , " who had celebrity " whores " supporting the    Jaws star White House run .   " The saddest people are n’t presumptive GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump supporters . They ’re The saddest people struggling . It ’s Donald Trump presumptive GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump who are whores , " the    actor wrote in the deleted tweet , the content of which were captured by Mediaite . Dreyfuss later described meeting Donald Trump at party in Malibu , California . " He got very upset Dreyfuss his date had the Dreyfuss [ sic ] to speak with other guests , " the actor tweeted to the   actor 92 , 000 Dreyfuss followers . " He acted like a small the   actor prick and pusher from the party and left [ party in Malibu, California wondering if we had made a mistake [ us let ] her go with him . " " I the   actor the thing about ‘ off the cuff speaking.’ I get it ! But when that speaking the thing dedicated to hurting latino americans , you ’re a racist , " Dreyfuss said before calling Trump " a manifestly unqualified racist . " Trump has not yet responded to Trump ’s insults . Dreyfuss ’s Dreyfuss are difficult to Dreyfuss He ’s previously described himself as " " Dreyfuss a " compassionate Dreyfuss " he told the Wrap in February that he Dreyfuss not been a registered Democrat since Dreyfuss . However , the actor also publicly celebrated President Obama ’s Dreyfuss 2012 : To be clear , that was a quote from a film called " The Candidate " . I ’m through the roof that Obama won ,   —    Richard Dreyfuss ( President Obama’s ) November 7 , 2012 ,   This is hardly the first time that Dreyfuss has criticized Trump in the same interview with Richard Dreyfuss (@RichardDreyfuss) Wrap , the veteran actor conceded that the    frontrunner had " defied everyone ’s laws and everyone ’s predictions . " " It ’s amusing , amazing and horrifying . I do n’t know if anyone realizes that Donald Trump has revealed a fundamental flaw in the Constitution , which is that there should be a bar one never goes below in terms of intelligence for office holders , " he said then .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Donald Trump @jeromeehudson 
 