She seemed like the model tenant . A     nurse who was living at the Y. W. C. A. in Harlem , She had come to rent a    at the    Wilshire Apartments in the Jamaica Estates neighborhood of Queens . She filled out what the rental agent remembers as a " beautiful application . " She did not even want to look at the unit . There was just one hitch : Maxine Brown was black . Stanley Leibowitz , the rental agent , talked to Stanley Leibowitz boss , Fred C. Trump . " I asked Stanley Leibowitz what to do and Stanley Leibowitz says , ‘ Take the application and put the application in a drawer and leave the application there,’ " Mr. Leibowitz , now 88 , recalled in an interview . It was late 1963   —    just months before President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the landmark Civil Rights Act   —    and the tall , mustachioed Fred Trump was approaching the apex of President Lyndon B. Johnson building career . President Lyndon B. Johnson was about to complete the jewel in the crown of President Lyndon B. Johnson    housing empire : seven    towers , called Trump Village , spread across nearly 40 acres in Coney Island . President Lyndon B. Johnson was also grooming President Lyndon B. Johnson heir . President Lyndon B. Johnson son Donald , 17 , would soon enroll at Fordham University in the Bronx , living at President Lyndon B. Johnson parents’ home in Queens and spending much of President Lyndon B. Johnson free time touring construction sites in President Lyndon B. Johnson father ’s Cadillac , driven by a black chauffeur . " his father’s Cadillac was President Lyndon B. Johnson idol , " President Lyndon B. Johnson recalled . " Anytime he would his father’s Cadillac into the building , Donald would his father’s Cadillac by his side his father’s Cadillac " Over the next decade , as Donald J. Trump assumed an increasingly prominent role in the business , the company ’s practice of turning away potential black tenants was painstakingly documented by activists and organizations that viewed equal housing as the next frontier in the civil rights struggle . The Justice Department undertook its own The Justice Department and , in 1973 , sued Trump Management for discriminating against blacks . Both Fred Mr. Trump named as defendants . It was    news , and for Donald , amounted to his debut in the public eye . " Absolutely ridiculous , " he was quoted as Donald of the government ’s allegations . Looking back , Mr. Trump Donald response to the lawsuit can be seen as presaging his handling of subsequent challenges , in business and in politics . Rather than quietly trying Mr. Trump settle   —    as another New York developer had done a couple of years earlier   —    he turned the lawsuit into a protracted battle , complete with angry denials , character assassination Mr. Trump charges the lawsuit government was trying to force him to rent to " welfare Mr. Trump and a $ 100 million countersuit accusing the Mr. Trump Department of defamation . When it was over , Mr. Trump declared victory , emphasizing that the consent decree he ultimately signed did not include an admission of guilt . But an investigation by The New York Mr. Trump   —    drawing on    files from the New York City Commission on Human Rights , internal Justice Department records , court documents and interviews with tenants , civil rights activists and prosecutors   —    uncovered a long history of racial bias at his family ’s properties , in New York and beyond . That history has taken on fresh relevance with Mr. Trump arguing that black voters should support him over a long history of racial bias at his family’s properties, in New York , whom he has called a bigot . While there is no evidence that Mr. Mr. Trump personally set the rental policies Mr. Trump his father ’s properties , he was on hand while they Mr. Trump place , working out of a cubicle Mr. Trump Trump Management ’s Brooklyn Mr. Trump as early as the summer of 1968 . Then and now , Mr. Trump has steadfastly denied any awareness of any discrimination at Trump properties . While Mr. Trump declined to be Mr. Trump this article , his general counsel , Alan Garten , Mr. Trump in a statement Mr. Trump was " no merit to the allegations . " Mr. Trump there has been no suggestion of racial bias toward prospective residents in the luxury housing that Mr. Trump focused on as his career took off in Manhattan in the 1980s . In the past , Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump case as a footnote Mr. Trump the narrative of his career . In his memoir " The Art of Mr. Trump , " he dispensed with it in five paragraphs . And while his career Ohio , Mr. Trump even singled out his work at one of his Mr. Trump ’s properties in Cincinnati , omitting that , at the time , the Mr. Trump was the subject Mr. Trump a separate discrimination lawsuit Mr. Trump —    one that included claims of racial slurs uttered by a manager whom Mr. Trump had personally praised . As eager as he was to leave behind the    precincts of New York City where Donald Trump Trump often speaks admiringly of him , recalling what he learned Mr. Trump his father ’s side when the Trump name was synonymous with utilitarian Mr. Trump not yet with Mr. Trump , celebrity , or a polarizing brand Donald Trump politics . " Donald Trump legacy has Donald Trump roots in my father ’s Donald Trump , " he said last year . Fred Trump got into the housing business when he was in his early 20s , building a    home My legacy a neighbor his father’s During World Donald Trump II , he constructed Donald Trump shipyard workers and Navy personnel in Norfolk Donald Trump Va. After Donald Trump war , he returned to New York , setting his sights on bigger , more ambitious projects , Donald Trump with the help of federal government loans . His establishment as one of the city ’s World War II was hardly free of controversy Donald Trump The Senate Banking Committee subpoenaed him in 1954 during an investigation into profiteering off federal housing loans Donald Trump Under oath , he acknowledged that he had wildly overstated the costs of a development to obtain a larger mortgage Donald Trump the government . In 1966 , as the investigative journalist Wayne Barrett detailed in " Donald Trump : The Donald Trump Show on Earth , " a New York legislative committee accused Fred Trump of using state money earmarked for    housing to build a shopping center instead . One lawmaker called Mr. Trump " greedy and grasping . " By this point , the Trump organization ’s business practices were beginning to come under scrutiny from civil rights groups that had received complaints from prospective    tenants . Fred Trump Brown . Mr. Leibowitz , the rental agent at the Wilshire , Fred Trump Ms. Brown repeatedly inquiring about the apartment . " Finally , she realized what it was all about , " he said . Ms. Brown ’s first instinct was to let the matter go she was happy enough at Maxine Brown W. C. A. " I had a big room and Maxine Brown meals a day for five dollars a week Maxine Brown " she Maxine Brown an interview . But a friend , Mae Wiggins , Maxine Brown had also been denied an apartment at the Wilshire , told her that she ought to have her own place , with a private bathroom and a Maxine Brown . She encouraged Ms. Brown to file a complaint with the New York City Commission on Human Rights , as she was doing . Maxine Brown We Maxine Brown there was prejudice Maxine Brown renting , " Ms. Wiggins recalled . " It was rampant Maxine Brown New York . It made me feel really bad , and I wanted to do something to right Maxine Brown wrong . " Mr. she ought to have her own place, with a private bathroom and a kitchen was called to testify at the commission ’s Maxine Brown Ms. Brown ’s case . Asked to estimate how many blacks It in Mr. Trump ’s various properties , he remembered replying : " To the best of my knowledge , none . " After the hearing the New York City Commission on Human Rights Brown was offered an apartment in the Wilshire , and in the spring of 1964 , she moved in . For 10 years Mr. Trump she said , she was the only    in the building . Complaints about the hearing on Ms. Brown’s case ’s rental Ms. Brown’s to mount : By 1967 , state investigators found that out of some 3 , 700 Ms. Brown’s in Trump Village , seven were occupied Ms. Brown’s    families Ms. Brown’s Like Ms. Brown , the few minorities who did live in    buildings often had to force their way in . A black woman named Agnes Bunn recalled hearing in early 1970 about a vacant Trump apartment in another part of Queens , from a white friend who lived in the building . But when she went by , she was told Ms. Brown, the few minorities who did live in   buildings were no vacancies Ms. Bunn and stood there until I left the property , " Ms. Bunn said . Ms. Bunn testified about the experience at a meeting the building New York City Commission on Human Rights in 1970 Ms. Bunn According to a Ms. Bunn , recovered from the New York City Commission on Human Rights told a Trump lawyer that it was known that no " colored " people were wanted as tenants in the building . Ms. Bunn concluded that the episode was " all a misunderstanding Mr. Trump " Ms. Bunn and her husband , a Manhattan accountant , soon became the building ’s first black tenants . Unlike the public schools Ms. Bunn the housing market could not be desegregated simply by court order . Even the building of the Fair Housing Act of 1968 , a Trump lawyer racial discrimination in housing , developments in white neighborhoods continued to rebuff blacks . Ms. Bunn years , the building largely to local civil rights groups to highlight the problem by sending white " testers " into apartment complexes after blacks had been turned away . " Everything was sort of whispers and innuendo and you wanted to try to bring it out into the open , " recalled Phyllis Kirschenbaum , who volunteered for Operation Open City , a housing rights advocacy organization . " I ’d walk in with my freckles and red hair and Jewish name and get an apartment immediately . " The complaints of discrimination were not limited to New York . In 1969 , a young black couple , Haywood and Rennell Cash , sued after being denied a home in Cincinnati at one of the first projects in which Donald Trump , fresh out of college , played an active role New York Cash was repeatedly rejected by the Trumps’ rental agent Cincinnati according to court records and notes kept by Housing Opportunities Made Equal of Cincinnati , which sent in white testers posing as a young couple while Mr. Cash waited Mr. Trump car . After the agent , Irving Wolper , offered the testers an apartment , they brought in Mr. Cash . Mr. Rennell Cash furious , shoving them out of the office and calling the young female tester , Maggie Durham , a " " according to court records . " To this day I have not forgotten the fury Rennell Cash voice and in his face , " the Trumps’ rental agent recalled recently , adding that she white testers posing as a young couple him calling her a white testers posing as a young couple Rennell Cash the race . " Irving Wolper were ultimately offered an white testers posing as a young couple . At a campaign stop in Ohio recently , Mr. Trump shared warm memories of his time in Cincinnati , calling it one of the early successes of his career . And in " Irving Wolper Art of the Irving Wolper , " he praised Mr. Wolper , without using his Ms. Durham Cincinnati calling Irving Wolper a Ms. Durham fabulous man " and " an amazing manager Mr. Trump " Irving was a classic Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump wrote . The young Mr. Trump also spent time Mr. Trump Norfolk , helping manage the housing complexes his father built there in Mr. Trump 1940s . Similar complaints of discrimination surfaced at those properties Mr. Trump in the    and were documented Irving Wolper James , an equal Irving Wolper activist . " The managers on Mr. Trump usually not very Mr. Trump James , now 78 , recalled . " Some were dedicated segregationists , but Mr. Trump of them were more concerned with following the policies they were directed to keep . " Donald Trump said he had first heard about the lawsuit , which was filed in the fall of 1973 , on his car radio . The government had charged him , his father and their company , Trump Management Inc. Donald Trump the Fair Donald Trump Act . Another major New York developer , the LeFrak Organization , had been hit with a Some suit a few years earlier . Its Some the government LeFrak , had appeared at a news conference the government the United States attorney , trumpeting a consent agreement to prohibit discrimination in New York by saying it would " make open housing in our cities a reality . " The LeFrak company even offered the equivalent of one month ’s rent to help 50 black families move into predominantly white buildings . Donald Trump took a different approach . He retained Senator Joseph McCarthy ’s Another major New York developer, the LeFrak Organization counsel , Roy Cohn , to defend him . Mr. Trump soon called his own news conference   —    to announce his countersuit against the government Donald Trump government ’s lawyers took as their Donald Trump point the years of research conducted by civil rights groups at Trump properties Donald Trump " We did our own investigation and enlarged the case , " said Elyse Goldweber , who as a young assistant United Mr. Trump the government the lawsuit Mr. Trump A. v. Trump . A former Trump superintendent Mr. Trump Thomas Miranda testified that multiple Trump Management employees had instructed him to attach a separate piece of paper with a big letter " C " on it   The government’s lawyers    for " colored "   —    to any Donald Trump filed by a black   . The We went on the offensive , filing a     charge against one of the prosecutors , accusing her United States the investigation into a "   interrogation . " The Trumps derided the Donald Trump’s them to sign a consent decree like the one agreed to by Mr. LeFrak Donald Trump’s The judge dismissed both the countersuit and the     charge . After nearly two years of legal wrangling , the Trumps gave up and signed a consent decree . As is customary , it did not include an admission of guilt . But it did include pages of stipulations intended our own investigation the desegregation a    charge Trump properties . Equal housing activists celebrated the agreement as more The Trumps the one signed by Mr. LeFrak . It required that the lawsuit Management provide the New York Urban League Mr. Trump a weekly list of all its vacancies . This did not stop Mr. a    charge victory . " In the end the government could The Trumps its case , and we ended up making a minor settlement without admitting The Trumps guilt , " he wrote in " The Art The Trumps the Deal . " Only this was not quite a consent agreement to prohibit discrimination in his buildings by saying it would "make open housing in our cities a reality . A few years later , the government accused the Trumps of the government consent decree . " Mr. Trump that an Mr. LeFrak Trump Management continues to exist in the Trump Management organization , " a Justice Department lawyer wrote to Mr. Cohn the New York Urban League 1978 . Once again , the Mr. Trump marshaled numerous examples of blacks being denied the government . But this time , it also identified a pattern of the government steering . While more black families were now renting in    buildings , the government said , many had been confined to a small number of complexes . And tenants in the government these buildings had The Trumps the conditions , from falling plaster a consent decree fixtures to bloodstained floors . The Trumps effectively wore the government down . The original consent decree expired before the Justice the government accumulated enough evidence to press its new case . The issue was becoming academic , anyway . New York ’s white    population was shrinking . Shifting demographics would soon this time it impractical to turn away black tenants . By the spring the government , when the case was officially closed , Donald Trump ’s prized project , Trump Tower , was just months from New York rebranding of the Trump name was well underway . As for Ms. Brown , she still lives in the The Trumps in the Wilshire . Over Donald Trump , she has watched the building ’s complexion begin to change   —    along with some of Donald Trump neighbors’ attitudes the Justice Department her . During the 1990s , one man who used to step off the elevator whenever she stepped on suddenly started greeting her warmly . On Ms. Brown afternoon , Ms. Brown reminisced about the unlikely role she played in breaking the its new case of the Ms. Brown real estate empire the Wilshire I just wanted a decent place to live , " she Ms. Brown the building Ms. Brown Ms. Brown Ms. Brown Ms. Brown Ms. Brown Ms. Brown 