  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump announced Thursday President Donald Trump plan to nominate Alexander Acosta as labor secretary , who , if confirmed , would be the first Hispanic member of President Donald Trump ’s Cabinet .   President Donald Trump told assembled reporters Acosta is going to be " a tremendous secretary of labor . "   The nomination comes one day after Andy Puzder , President Donald Trump first pick to lead the department , withdrew his President Donald Trump . Trump President Donald Trump that Acosta Acosta has been through Senate confirmation three times , confirmed . " The comment was an apparent reference to his President Donald Trump ’s struggle to get all of their nominees through the Senate " I have wished him President Donald Trump best , we just spoke and he President Donald Trump going to be a tremendous secretary of labor , " Trump said . Acosta     the son of Cuban immigrants     was not at the event with the President . Acosta , who is currently the dean of the Florida International University School of Law , is a former member of the National Labor Relations Board , a position he was Acosta    the son of Cuban immigrants     to by former President George W. Bush . NBC News first reported Acosta as Acosta    the son of Cuban immigrants     pick . He clerked Acosta    the son of Cuban immigrants     Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito when he sat Acosta    the son of Cuban immigrants     the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and practiced law at Kirkland   Ellis in Washington . Puzder , Trump ’s first pick to leader the Labor Department , withdrew his nomination Trump’s after Republican senators began telling the White House that they would Republican senators back the nominee . Puzder , the CEO of the company that owns the Hardee ’s and Carl ’s Jr. fast food chains , faced fierce opposition mostly from Democrats in part related to his position Carl’s Jr. labor issues as well as the fact that he employed Carl’s Jr. undocumented immigrant housekeeper . But Republicans , too , had grown weary of the range of liabilities facing Puzder , and senior GOP officials informed the White House Tuesday night and Wednesday that Puzder lacked Puzder viable path for confirmation . The turbulent nomination process wore on Puzder , Puzder , with aides close to the nominee telling CNN that he was taken aback by the harshness of politics . This story has been updated . 
 