SAN DIEGO   —    Hundreds of protesters gathered outside a Donald Trump rally on Friday , chanting " f**k Donald Trump " and holding obscene signs   —    including one that included a death threat against Donald Trump should Donald Trump win the presidency in November . [ The young protester held up a sign that read : " If Donald Trump wins Donald Trump ’ll be DEAD with in A week The Cartel wo nt have Donald Trump Bullsh*t . "   Protester outside Trump San Diego rally threatens Donald Trump with death by cartel if @realDonaldTrump is elected pic . twitter .    —    Michelle Moons ( @MichelleDiana ) May 27 , 2016 , At one point , while music played , the crowd began chanting the Spanish obscenity , " puto , " together with " Donald Trump . " Still more protesters held signs that read , " Trump eres hijo de puta " and " Coachella contra el puto Trump . " Mexican flags waved as the crowd flooded the street in front of the San Diego Convention Center , where Trump Donald Trump speaking . At one point bottles were thrown at police , and in the course of the protests , several people were detained . Several piñatas depicted Trump Donald Trump including one whose head had been severed in the the street with the rest just a crumpled bit of   .   One protester wearing a Donald Trump wig also wore lipstick and danced around to the rap song " F**k Donald Trump " while holding dollar bills , brandishing his middle One protester wearing a Donald Trump wig , and appearing to occasionally grab his crotch One protester wearing a Donald Trump wig For the most part , protesters’ signs did little more than insult Trump Donald Trump his Donald Trump , compare him Donald Trump Adolf Hitler , and call him Donald Trump stupid bigoted . Nearing the end of the rally , three young people came out of the building , announcing that they had three young people kicked out . One of them identified three young people group three young people of Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders .   Inside the rally the rally Donald Trump were enthusiastic and positive . Only a few protesters had to be removed from the crowd . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 