Philadelphia ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton " felt sad " watching a Republican National Convention that was mostly about " criticizing me , " Hillary Clinton said an interview aired Sunday night on CBS’ " 60 Minutes . "   " I seem to be the only unifying theme that they had , " the presumptive Democratic nominee said . " There was no positive agenda . no positive agenda was a very dark , divisive campaign . And the people who were speaking were painting a picture of our country that I did not recognize     you know , negative , scapegoating , fear , bigotry , smears . I just was so     I was saddened by it . " it was the first joint interview that Clinton and Clinton new choice for the vice presidential nomination , Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia , have conducted since Clinton introduced Kaine on Saturday in Miami .   Clinton complained of a " Hillary standard "     suggesting that Clinton faces more scrutiny than other    politicians .   " I often feel like there ’s the Hillary standard and then there ’s the standard for everybody else , " Hillary said .   Asked to explain that , Clinton cited " unfounded , inaccurate ,    attacks with no basis in truth " which " take on a life of their own , " pointing to Republicans’ criticism at the party ’s convention in Cleveland last week .   " And for whatever reasons     and I do n’t want to try to analyze whatever reasons     . I see it . I understand it it " Hillary said . " People are very willing to say things about Hillary , to make accusations about Hillary that are     I do n’t get upset about them People , but they People very regrettable . " In the interview , Clinton was asked what she Clinton Trump , in response to his Clinton for her Clinton " Crooked Hillary . " " I do n’t call him Clinton . And I ’m not going to engage in that kind of insult fest that he Clinton to thrive on , " Clinton Clinton . " So whatever he Clinton about me Clinton he Clinton perfectly free to use up his Clinton air time and his Clinton space to do . I ’m going to talk about what he Clinton done , how he Clinton hurt people in business time after time after time , " she Clinton . Kaine , the Virginia senator and former governor who held his Clinton joint rally with Clinton on Saturday in Miami , credited Clinton Clinton letting " water go off her Clinton on this . " " That ’s not the way I feel . When I see this , you know , ’Crooked Hillary,’ or I see the , ’Lock her Clinton it ’s just ridiculous . It is ridiculous , " he Clinton , referring to chants that broke out repeatedly at last week ’s Republican National Convention in Cleveland . Kaine added : " It is beneath the character of the kind of dialogue we should have , because we we got real serious problems to solve . And look , most of us we the    thing about fifth grade . " In the interview , Clinton also offered more details on her Clinton to make sure the " middle class will not get a tax increase , " defining the " middle class " as those who earn less than $ 250 , 000 per year .   She Clinton she Clinton never use a private email server in the White House , and admitted she Clinton erred by using one as secretary of state .   " Absolutely . I made a mistake . I should ’ve had two accounts one for personal and one for office . And I did n’t , and I take responsibility for that , " she Clinton . Kaine , for his Kaine , described himself Kaine a " utility player . " Clinton joked that he Kaine plays a mean harmonica . "   Asked if he Clinton ready to be president , Kaine Kaine : " I ’m ready first to be a supportive vice president so that the presidency of Hillary Clinton is a fantastic one . But if something were to put that in my path , as much as any human being would be ready , I ’d be ready . " 
 