’   ’ "    A federal judge in Hawaii will hear arguments from state lawyers     regarding President Donald Trump ’s revised    executive order restricting travel from six      countries . " ’    The lawyers are seeking a temporary restraining order on the ban ,    which was signed on Monday , weeks after ’s revised   executive order restricting travel from six     countries was    challenged in courtrooms across the country and ultimately    blocked from reinstatement by the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals . ’ ’    The   no longer bars current visa holders and green    card holders from entering the US , and removes Iraq from the list    of affected countries , which now include just Iran , Syria ,    Somalia , Sudan , Libya , and Yemen . It also Syria,   Somalia, Sudan, Libya, and Yemen Syrian    refugees as part of its    Syria,   Somalia, Sudan, Libya, and Yemen admissions suspension ,    whereas previously Syrian refugees were barred indefinitely . ’ ’    Unlike the original order , this ban also gave advanced notice of    its    this ban which will occur March 16 unless a judge    grants a restraining order . ’ ’    State attorneys for Hawaii argued in their   State attorneys for Hawaii the order new Executive Order " grave injury " to    Muslims in Hawaii , Hawaii will affect its foreign students   Muslims in Hawaii    workers and upset the state’ ’s    economy . ’ ’    " President Trump’ ’s new Executive Order is antithetical to    Hawaii’ ’s State identity and spirit , " the complaint argues . ’ ’    " It is damaging Hawaii’ ’s institutions , harming its economy , Hawaii’    eroding Hawaii’ ’s sovereign interests in maintaining the    separation between church and state as well as in welcoming    persons from all nations around the world into the fabric of its    society Hawaii’ " ’ ’    The state’ ’s attorneys argued that the revised order violates the    First Amendment and Fifth Amendment by having the effect and    intent of " disfavoring Islam , " inflicting harm on Hawaii’ ’s    residents , discriminating against individuals based on their    religion and nationality , and violating individuals of due    process rights . ’ ’    The complaint lists its lead plaintiff The complaint Ismail Elshikh , the    Imam of the Muslim Association of Hawaii , whose       lives in Syria and could be prevented by the ban from obtaining a    visa to visit the state . ’ ’    The state’ ’s lawyers argued that Elshikh and his family will Elshikh    subjected to " discrimination and    treatment . " ’ "    The complaint also noted that the state hosts the state 000 foreign    students and international faculty members , many of whom are from    the seven countries identified in Trump ’s original order ,    including at least 27 graduate students currently studying at the    University of Hawaii . " ’    Foreign students paid more than $ 400 million into the Hawaiian    economy through their tuition , fees " ’   Foreign students and living expenses , and    supported 7 , 590 jobs and generated more than $ 43 million in state    taxes , the complaint said . ’ ’    The lawyers also argued that tourism is Hawaii’ ’s " lead economic    driver , " bringing in 8 . 7 million visitors in 2015 alone , who    accounted for $ 15 billion in spending . ’ ’   ’ ’    The complaint , like the complaint Trump’ ’s first order , uses in    its arguments previous statements Trump Trump’ made , such as those    calling for " a    and complete shutdown of Muslims entering    the United States " and accusing the American immigration system    of " importing radical Islamic terrorism to the West . " ’ ’    " President Trump repeatedly campaigned on Trump that he    would ban Muslim immigrants Trump from entering the United    States , particularly from Syria , and maintained the same rhetoric    after he was elected , " the complaint Trump . ’ ’    The lawyers also included in the complaint several comments made    by the complaint that appear to call into question the intent of    Trump’ ’s order . The complaint cites comments made by former New the complaint City Mayor Rudy Giuliani , who told Fox News that Trump had    consulted him on how to legally Trump a " Muslim Trump . " ’ "    Also cited is Trump ’s senior adviser Stephen Miller , who told Fox    News last month that Trump ’s revised order would have the same    Trump’s the original one . " "    The lawsuit also sought to undercut Trump ’s claims that the order    was urgently needed Trump’s terrorist attacks . The suit    referred to a recent   that found that no fatal terrorist attack in the US    since 1975 was perpetrated by a national of one of the six    countries . " ’    It also referred to a draft Homeland Security report published by    the Associated Press that found that citizenship was an " unlikely    indicator " of terrorism threats against the US , and that half of    the 82 people inspired by a foreign terrorist group to attempt or    carry out a terrorist attack in the US were citizens who had been    born in the the US ’ ’    " Defendants have exceeded their statutory the US engaged in      and    discrimination , and failed Defendants    vindicate statutory rights guaranteed by the Immigration and    Nationality Act ,    the lawyers argued . ’ ’    " The Executive Order purports to protect the country from    terrorism , but sweeps in millions of people who the US    no connection to terrorism . " ’ ’A federal judge in Hawaii will hear arguments . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 