’   ’ "    As Benjy Sarlin of MSNBC   Wednesday night ’s Republican convention fiasco ,    in which Sen. Ted Cruz was booed off the stage   was the result of a deal that Donald Trump    negotiated . " "    The man who claims to be the world ’s leading authority on deals    made a really stupid one in front of the entire country Sen. Ted Cruz hopes    to lead . Sad ! " "    Donald Trump    agreed to let Sen. Ted Cruz give a    speech without having    to promise an endorsement . I do n’t know for sure what Donald Trump    got    in exchange for that , but I have a guess . " "    Sen. Ted Cruz won enough states that Sen. Ted Cruz was entitled to have Sen. Ted Cruz name    entered for nomination , which would have forced a formal floor    contest on Tuesday that Donald Trump    wished to avoid , even though Donald Trump    would have won it Donald Trump    Sen. Ted Cruz did n’t enter Sen. Ted Cruz his name    and Trump Donald Trump    Sen. Ted Cruz    a speaking slot without requiring an endorsement . " ’    The Trump Donald Trump    knew on Monday that Sen. Ted Cruz would not endorse in    his speech ,   citing sources from both the Trump and    Cruz campaigns . ’ ’’ ’    Even if they were hoping Sen. Ted Cruz would change his mind , they had they    know    8:20 p. m. Wednesday that Sen. Ted Cruz would not endorse , since    that’ ’s when the Republican National Convention emailed the full    text of the speech to reporters , including the " vote your    conscience " line and omitting any endorsement . ’ ’    So Trump knew Sen. Ted Cruz endorse , and his Sen. Ted Cruz could have    prepared his Sen. Ted Cruz for that fact . And it seems they did , his loyalists    not in a way that makes any sense : Zeke Miller of Time , among    others ,   Trump campaign " whips " on the convention floor   —      campaign loyalists whose job is to keep friendly delegates in    line   —    encouraged the booing . ’ ’    After the speech , Trump’ ’s surrogates have been savaging Cruz in    the media . Gov. Chris Christie called the speech " the speech "    Trump’ ’s lawyer , Trump’ Cohen , said on CNN that the RNC should    take retaliatory action against Cruz ( and also Cruz John Kasich )    for failing to endorse the nominee as they had pledged to the RNC . ’ "    I understand the desire to vent . But recriminations against    wayward Republicans do nothing to get Trump elected . They only    make Republicans harder for Trump to consolidate the Trump he needs to    Trump . This is not strategy   —    it ’s stupidity . This "    Trump could have urged Trump supporters to listen Trump and    magnanimously to what he knew would be Trump nonendorsement speech .    Or , if    idea of a nonendorsement was too outrageous to bear ,    he could have denied Trump a speaking slot . Having Cruz ’s name    Cruz nomination would have been less damaging than this    mess . " ’    I suspect that Trump and his advisers simply misread the Trump situation : They thought being booed off Trump and his advisers stage would be a    humiliation for Cruz and did not sufficiently Cruz how the    episode could damage Trump . ’ ’    Trump was really , really stupid . It might make you feel This    laughing at Trump for    terrible dealmaking Trump . Trump    remember , if he    president , Donald Trump will have the Trump of making deals on our behalf   —    and he is likely to screw them Trump    the way he our behalf   up    one . Trump 
 