Los Angeles County supervisors Janice Hahn and Hilda Solis are asking their colleagues to join their in setting aside $ 1 million in county funds that can be used to help illegal immigrants fight deportation . [ It is estimated that LA County ’s illegal immigrant population is over 800 , 000 , and the $ 1 million in funding would come from taxpayers’ pockets .   According to KPCC , supervisor Janice Hahn ’s spokeswoman Liz Odendahl explained that " The idea is to set up the legal fund with $ 1 million in the first year , then obtain matching funds from public or private donors . " The move is a preemptive one , aimed at      Donald Trump ’s pledge " to deport millions of immigrants living in the country illegally . " supervisor Hahn’s said , " Many immigrants who are facing deportation have a legal avenue to stay in the country , but they Many immigrants who are facing deportation not aware of it because they Many immigrants who are facing deportation n’t have legal representation . " The push to use taxpayer funds to benefit illegal immigrants is not new to California . In 2014 Governor Jerry Brown ( D ) " authorized about $ 3 million annually for nonprofit legal services providers to represent unaccompanied minors arriving at the U. S.   border . " Breitbart News previously reported that amnesty groups in California California working to deny federal access to the database containing names of gang members in the California This , too , is a preemptive move aimed at preventing members of the Trump administration from searching the database for illegals , who may thereafter be deported . The Voice of OC quoted Trump from a    60 Minutes interview in which he " The Voice of OC to immediately deport as many as three million undocumented immigrants , specifically those with criminal records such as gang members and drug dealers . " The proposal to use $ 1 million in taxpayer funds to protect illegals will be voted on next week . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins AWR Hawkins a Breitbart News podcast Breitbart News is also AWR Hawkins political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter AWR Hawkins @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at AWR Hawkins . com . 
 