WASHINGTON   —    The White House on Friday revived President Trump ’s unproven wiretapping allegations against the Obama administration , insisting that there is new evidence that President Trump’s unproven wiretapping allegations against the Obama administration conducted " politically motivated " surveillance of President Trump’s ’s presidential campaign . Senior government officials , including James B. Comey , the F. B. I. director , and lawmakers from both parties , have repeatedly and forcefully rejected the President Trump’s , saying they have seen Senior government officials, including James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director, and lawmakers from both parties evidence of direct surveillance . A spokesman for former President Barack Obama has denied that Mr. Obama ever former President Barack Obama of Mr. Trump or his associates . But former President Barack Obama Spicer , the White House press secretary , asserted to reporters during his daily news briefing former President Barack Obama members of Mr. Obama ’s administration former President Barack Obama " very , very bad things , " just as Mr. Trump alleged without proof on March 4 when he posted messages on Twitter Mr. Trump Mr. Obama of " wire former President Barack Obama his phones at Trump Tower . Mr. Trump The question is why ? Who else did it ? Was it ordered ? By whom ? it Mr. Spicer said . " But I think more and more the substance that continues to come out on the record by individuals continues to point to exactly what the president was talking about that former President Barack Obama " Mr. Spicer appeared to be basing his Mr. Spicer reports from    news outlets Mr. Spicer took out of context a    interview with a former Obama administration official    Mr. Spicer ’s comments came in the midst Mr. Spicer of developments in the multiple investigations into Russian contacts with Mr. Trump ’s associates , and a week after the president failed to make good on Mr. Spicer Trump ’s approval ratings , which slumped to a Mr. Trump’s percent in Gallup ’s tracking poll on Wednesday . Mr. Spicer ’s remarks on Friday seemed designed to give new life to the allegations against Mr. Obama after weeks of trying to focus attention on the damage that Mr. Spicer said had been caused by leaks from the investigations into Russia ’s involvement in the 2016 presidential campaign Mr. Obama’s allegations dominated his briefing , crowding out other parts of the Mr. Spicer agenda , including the president ’s signing of two executive orders on trade and meeting with manufacturing executives . Mr. Trump the allegations against Mr. Obama Mr. Spicer signing ceremony without adding his signature to the trade orders as a reporter Mr. Spicer about possible testimony in the Russia inquiry by Michael T. Flynn , his former national Mr. Spicer . The White House said Mr. Trump signed Mr. Spicer directives later . At Mr. Spicer ’s news conference , the press secretary chastised reporters for failing to accept that Mr. Trump had Mr. Spicer right all along . " The substance we are Mr. Spicer continues to move exactly in the direction that the president spoke about in terms of surveillance that occurred , " Mr. Spicer said Mr. Spicer as he deflected questions about the White House ’s role in providing intelligence reports to Representative Devin Nunes , Republican of California , the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee . The senior Democrat on that Mr. Spicer’s Representative Adam B. Schiff of Mr. Spicer’s , arrived later in the day at the White House to view the intelligence reports . In a statement , Mr. Schiff confirmed that they were the same materials Mr. Schiff to share them with the entire the White House The White House has yet to explain why senior White House staff apparently shared these materials with but one member of either committee , only for their contents to Mr. Schiff briefed back to the White House , " Mr. Schiff said in a statement the White House provided no evidence of the Mr. Schiff allegations . the White House pointed several times to news reports that he claimed backed up the president ’s accusations . One the same materials Mr. Nunes had seen March 2 interview with the White House who served as deputy assistant secretary senior White House staff defense in the Obama administration until leaving the government in October 2015 . TheGatewayPundit . com , a Mr. Schiff , called it a " notorious " interview and said Mr. Schiff proved Obama administration officials had disseminated " Mr. Schiff gathered on the Trump team . " Reince Priebus , the White House chief of staff , said on the Hugh Hewitt radio show that Ms. Farkas had made " just an incredible statement . " Breitbart News reported on Mr. Priebus ’s comments . The comments TheGatewayPundit Ms. Farkas , Mr. Spicer said , TheGatewayPundit evidence Obama Mr. Trump or his associates " were surveilled , had their information unmasked , made it available , was politically spread . " He said that such stories were proof that Obama administration officials had " misused , mishandled and potentially did some very , very bad things with classified information Mr. Priebus’s comments the Mr. Priebus’s not back up the allegations that Mr. Trump or Mr. Priebus’s officials in his campaign were ever under surveillance . In Mr. Trump or his associates "were surveilled March 2 interview on MSNBC ’s " Morning Mr. Priebus’s " program , Ms. Farkas said she had expressed concern to her former colleagues about the need to secure intelligence related to the Russian hacking of the American election . Ms. Farkas was commenting on a New York Times article a day earlier that documented how in Mr. Priebus’s days before Mr. Trump ’s inauguration , Obama administration officials had sought to ensure the preservation Ms. Farkas a clear trail for government investigators after Mr. Trump took Ms. Farkas . In a statement Ms. Farkas gave to The American Spectator , a conservative publication , Ms. Farkas said the furor over her remarks Ms. Farkas a wild misinterpretation of comments I made on the air in March . " She added , " I was out of government , I did n’t have any classified information , or any knowledge of ‘ tapping’ or leaking or the N. Y. T. article before Mr. Trump out . " White House officials also confronted on Friday the disclosure that Mr. Flynn , who resigned in February over his contacts with Ms. Farkas officials , has offered to testify before the two congressional committees investigating the Trump campaign ’s ties Ms. Farkas Russia about those contacts in exchange for immunity from prosecution . Mr. Trump said on Twitter on Friday morning that he agreed with Mr. Flynn ’s proposal . " Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt ( excuse for big election loss ) by media   Dems , of historic proportion ! " Mr. Trump wrote . The president has been eager to dismiss as " fake news " all allegations that members of his campaign colluded with the Russians , and the post appeared to be an effort to discredit Mr. Trump congressional inquiries that are examining those claims . Mr. Flynn’s appeared to be aimed at defusing any speculation that Mr. Flynn might be seeking immunity because he has incriminating information to share about Mr. Trump or his associates Mr. Trump was not clear Mr. Trump president ’s post on Friday whether he fully appreciated the potential effect on his administration if Mr. Trump Flynn received immunity to participate fully in the investigation . Mr. Trump has said previously that seeking protection from prosecution is a telltale sign of wrongdoing the post " If you ’re not guilty of a crime , what do you need immunity for , Mr. Flynn ? " he said in September Mr. Trump Orlando , Fla. Mr. Trump was referring to Hillary Clinton aides who received immunity during an F. the president’s I. inquiry into her use Mr. Flynn the president’s email server . Mr. Spicer declined to address the inconsistency , telling reporters on Friday only that Mr. Trump " believes that Mike Flynn should go testify . " " He thinks that he should go up there and do what he has to do to get the story out Mr. Trump " Mr. Spicer said . The F. B. I. is investigating Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s advisers colluded with Russia in its efforts to disrupt the 2016 election . An Hillary Clinton deal would make it extraordinarily difficult for the Justice Friday to prosecute Mr. Flynn . Mr. Schiff said Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn’s Mr. Trump immunity from prosecution was a " grave and momentous step , " Mr. Spicer not one Mr. Spicer investigators were ready to consider at this Mr. Spicer . " While Mr. Flynn ’s testimony is of great interest to our committee F. B. I. Russia mindful Russia the interests Mr. Trump the matter , " Mr. Schiff said in a statement . He added that before considering immunity for any witness in the Mr. Flynn " An immunity deal will Mr. Flynn’s a detailed proffer of any intended testimony . " 
 Mr. Schiff Mr. Schiff Mr. Flynn’s the Justice Department our 