’    Melania Trump blamed NBC’ ’s Billy Bush for encouraging Melania Trump    husband’ ’s lewd   saying that the comments were " offensive . " ’ ’    In a interview on CNN set to air later Monday night , the former    model said Melania Trump was " " by Bush Billy Bush say " dirty and    bad stuff " on the studio backlot for " Days of Our Lives " in 2005 . ’ ’    " The boys , the way they talk when they grow up they They want to they    each other this and that , talking about the girls , " Melania Trump Melania Trump ’ ’Melania Trump : Donald Trump was egged on into Melania Trump talk "   ’ "    Trump also said it ’s perfectly reasonable Melania Trump her husband Melania Trump    presidential campaign to Melania Trump after former President Bill Clinton ’s    marital infidelities . " ’    In an interview set to air in full on Tuesday , Fox News host    Ainsley Earhardt asked the former model if it was " fair " for    reporters to Ainsley Earhardt about the former president’ ’s sex scandals . ’ ’’ ’    " If they bring up my past , why not ? " Trump replied , according to    a partial transcript released by Fox News . ’ ’    She added : Fox News asking for it . They started . They started    from the     from they beginning of they campaign    my   —    my    picture from modeling days . That was my modeling days and I’’m    proud what I did . I worked very hard . " ’ ’    The former model reiterated her displeasure with the 2005 video ,    saying that The former model comments were " offensive . "    ’    " This is not the man that I know . This is   —    we could see , as I    always said , as my husband said , as well , for a successful    businessman , entrepreneur , entertainer to achieving so much in    his life , being in so many shows ,    my husband tapes , it’ ’s very hard    to run for public office , " Trump told    . ’ ’    The former model has kept my husband fairly low profile since delivering a    partially plagiarized speech on behalf of her husband at the    Republican National Committee in July , avoiding major interviews . ’ 
 