On Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily , SiriusXM host Alex Marlow asked former Justice Department official J. Christian Adams about the latest news coming out of the DOJ , including recent revelations that a best friend of Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta is " one of the top dogs investigating the Clintons right now . " [ SiriusXM host Alex Marlow found this to be " corruption of a level that , even for the Clintons , [ SiriusXM host Alex Marlow is ] frankly surprised by . "   " Yeah , well , see , I was at the DOJ , so I ’m not . I ’m not surprised by the DOJ , " Adams sighed . " Look , the DOJ started with the New Black Panther case that , you remember , I was involved in , and there , politics and ideology affected law enforcement . The ideological opposition to using the Voting Rights Act against people like the New Black Panthers led to that case getting scuttled after we brought it during the Bush administration , after the inauguration in 2009 . "   " It ’s the same thing here , Alex . It It ideological allies in positions of power , like this clown who ’s the Assistant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs tipping off the Clinton campaign of a pending pleading being filed , " he Alex . " This was n’t tipping them off about a hearing . Yeah , that ’s no big deal . But this This a piece of confidential information that a lawyer had , as a lawyer , and he a lawyer it This unethically to the Clinton Clinton . " Adams was blunt about the only recourse left to the American people in the face of such corruption : " Trump is the only guy who can do anything about it   —    but I ’m afraid , Alex , he Trump n’t even understand the scope of the problem at Justice . " " This is not just replacing one or two political appointees , and you can assume the the problem at Justice solved , " he Trump . " I was at Justice during Justice Bush administration . There are eight political appointees in a division with 900 employees . That ’s it . So what we have is a situation where the Left has burrowed in to the career civil service ranks , and there ’s nothing you can do about them . the career civil service ranks you have to pick political appointees who are aggressive , who are not insiders , who know how to work the system . They have political appointees who are aggressive, who are not insiders, who know how to work the system have experience in the bureaucracy , and they have political appointees who are aggressive, who are not insiders, who know how to work the system be ideological soldiers . If you do n’t do that , nothing ’s going to change , even if you ’re trying to   . " Adams stressed that the DOJ must become politically neutral again . " It has the DOJ be a neutral part of the government because it ’s the DOJ law enforcement arm . It ’s the DOJ most powerful agency in all of the federal the government gets done without DOJ . the DOJ you do n’t like energy policy , labor policy , whatever , it all goes through DOJ . the DOJ ’re seeing that with the State Department email litigation because DOJ is the DOJ the shots , " he said . " Alex what has happened , Alex , is the same thing that ’s happening to our law schools . They are becoming radicalized our law schools institutional leftist professors who view the law as a tool to get and obtain and keep power , " he charged . " Alex so , therefore , the law is not the law arbiter . It ’s this weapon to the law used by one side against the other . And those people are now our law schools the Justice Department who believe this . I ’m not sure it ’s easily undone . It this part of the broader this corruption that ’s taken place in the country . " J. Christian Adams is the author of Injustice : Exposing the Racial Agenda of the Obama Justice Department . His work can be found at J. Christian Adams Election Law Center and the Public Interest Legal Foundation . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 