Actor Alec Baldwin ’s parody of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is a hit with viewers , but Actor Alec Baldwin younger brother Stephen Baldwin does n’t find it all that amusing . [ " Well , his younger brother Stephen Baldwin ’s got the voice down . I think the voice ’s getting a little too nasty right now . I do n’t want to be    here , but I do n’t think it ’s very funny , " Actor Alec Baldwin told CBS News this week after the final presidential debate in Las Vegas .   The actor , who endorsed Trump ’s candidacy in July , said there ’s nothing comical about the issues facing the country . " I do n’t think there ’s anything funny about this election , " Baldwin Actor Alec Baldwin . " I think it this election very serious , very important . We have never had this much stagnation in our We as God only knows how long , I do n’t know the numbers . " There ’s just no fooling around anymore , " he Actor Alec Baldwin . Alec Actor Alec Baldwin his Trump Actor Alec Baldwin during the premiere of Saturday Night Live ’s 42nd season on October 2 .   The episode was a ratings success but the Republican nominee was not impressed , calling the SNL The episode hit job . " " Watched Saturday Night Saturday Night Live on me , " he tweeted Actor Alec Baldwin " Time to retire the boring and unfunny show . Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks . Media rigging election ! " Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me . Time to retire the me and unfunny show . the boring and unfunny show Media rigging election !   Alec Baldwin Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) October 16 , 2016 ,   " Young people , millennials , undecided voters , everybody ’s got 20 days now to really do their homework and decide who they think is going to lead Young people, millennials, undecided voters country in the direction Young people, millennials, undecided voters needs to be [ and ] back on its feet this country , " Stephen Baldwin said Wednesday .    this country Jerome Hudson on Twitter Alec Baldwin 
 