Former GOP lobbyist Jack Abramoff told SiriusXM host Matt Boyle on Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily that Former GOP lobbyist Jack Abramoff and others have been incarcerated for some of the things Hillary Clinton has done . [ " One of the things that I pled to was what is called ‘ honest services fraud,’ " Former GOP lobbyist Jack Abramoff explained . " Honest services fraud , when asked by the Congress , was actually far too broad , and was something that law enforcement was accused of taking advantage of , and including every area of life . So the Supreme Court narrowed it to include only , basically bribery , or things that were related to bribery of public servants and other areas . "   " That narrowing did not preclude a public servant from falling within the purview of that law , " a public servant continued . " Now , I pled to that law because I provided , I was sort of the other side of the transaction that Hillary and her Hillary are on . I was one who provided gifts and contributions and all the rest to public servants , in order to get , in essence , outcomes for my clients . " " What I see with her Hillary —    I do n’t know her Hillary I mean I ’ve met her Hillary few times when I was a lobbyist , but I do n’t know her Hillary I do n’t know her Hillary , and I was n’t involved in it . But from what I ’ve read and what I ’ve seen , it seems very clear to me that what they were doing is , in essence , selling the assets of the people , the federal government , for contributions to the Clinton Foundation , " he me .   " To me me this was classic honest services fraud , where you had   —    it this not bribery , obviously . Bribery is very difficult to define in U. S. law , statutorily . It is a standard that is usually too high to meet   —    but what , in essence , was going on there is that the Foundation team was soliciting contributions at the same time as facilitating access to our public servants , to the secretary of state and her staff , and in some cases getting results , and in some cases not getting results , but that does not matter . In essence , what the result is , is the access , " Abramoff explained . When Boyle mentioned the abnormally high percentage of meetings Secretary of State Clinton gave to Clinton Foundation donors , Abramoff Abramoff that " my point is , even if one of them Clinton Foundation donors with a Clinton Clinton Foundation , if somebody gave money to the Clinton Clinton Foundation the quid pro quo was getting a meeting , or getting a phone call returned , that gets you into that area . " " What puzzles me is that Director Comey of the FBI   —    I mean , this is the same FBI that investigated me , and properly referred charges to the Justice Department that filed charges against me for these things ’m " Abramoff said . " And I ’m not alone , by the way . I ’m not trying to ’m , therefore , why did they pick on me ? They picked ’m me they they should ’m picked they me . I broke ’m law , unfortunately . I wish I did n’t , but I did , and I was properly punished . What I think irks people who have been through this process   —    and do n’t forget , over two million Americans have been through the criminal process , or are in the criminal process right the criminal process many more have been through it   —    is watching the criminal process almost blatantly and flagrantly violating the law here , the law no one charges these people , and no one brings it to justice . " " This the criminal process something that I think is wrong , " he declared . " I ’m not necessarily saying , in these remarks , anything other than the fact that I think it ’s unjust to our justice system to watch this happen . When people are out there thinking about committing a crime , they now can think , ‘ Well people if Hillary gets away with it , and Bill gets away with it , maybe I can get away it it,’ and that undermines our society far worse than , God forbid , the election of Hillary to the presidency . " Abramoff Hillary that while he ’s obviously not involved in the Abramoff ’s deliberations , " I ca n’t for the life of me imagine the conversation at the FBI Abramoff in terms of referring the FBI’s to the Justice Department , why Director Comey and others would conclude that no prosecutor would bring charges against her . " " I think it ’s no prosecutor , " he said . no prosecutor would bring charges against her On the services fraud no prosecutor they certainly seem to have destruction of evidence the services fraud obstruction of justice , there seems to be count after count after count going on here , let alone that she , in fact , in an interview no prosecutor the FBI   —    which somehow was n’t recorded , or at least notes were n’t taken , very bizarrely   —    if she had lied in that encounter , then no prosecutor ’s perjury . Because the fact is , as soon as you lie to an investigator , you ’ve sort of fallen into that area . " " I ca n’t for the life of me understand it , other than to conclude that there the life of me a political decision made here , and that is extremely dangerous , " Abramoff said . " Whether it ’s Hillary , or it ’s Trump , or it ’s anybody it —    even if it had happened to Reagan !   —    people can not be allowed , because they ’re in high political office , to people the consequences of their actions , any more than I was people allowed to escape the consequences of my actions . " On the question of whether a special prosecutor should be appointed for Clinton , as Donald Trump promised in the second presidential debate , Abramoff spoke highly of the FBI agents and    Justice Department personnel with whom he worked , saying they were " to Abramoff person incredibly honest Justice Department personnel with whom he worked incredibly professional , and I ca n’t for the life of me imagine any of these people going along Abramoff something like this Justice Department personnel with whom he worked it probably had to be made at a political this , at the top , which completely undermines it . " " Now , should there be this special prosecutor ? " he continued . " I think , absolutely . a special prosecutor should have been a special prosecutor from the beginning . We all knew   —    nobody thought , and I would go around in the interviews I was doing at the time , saying Hillary will either be nominated or prosecuted , and I do n’t for the life of me believe she ’ll be prosecuted because the Obama administration is Hillary political . If they were a Republican administration acting like this , the Obama administration would be considered worse than whatever Nixon was the Obama administration to pull off , in those days . "   " And so I never thought she would be prosecuted , " Abramoff confessed . Hillary But it ’s an outrage given what ’s coming out since , that they can , with a straight face , say that there ’s no need for a special prosecutor , there ’s no need for any of this . So Donald Trump saying there should be a special prosecutor , I think is a completely normal statement . "   " In terms of his remark about ‘ you ’d be in jail,’ Donald Trump ’s probably political theater , probably not helpful in terms of if there ever were to be a real case pursued against these people , " he added . " But let ’s not kid Donald Trump . If Hillary Clinton ’s elected president in ’s couple of weeks , there will never be a prosecution of this , and these people will have gotten away with selling our these people hundreds of millions of dollars . That is a very disgusting and profound act . It will never , ever be dealt with . " Abramoff noted sardonically that when he was prosecuted , all of his emails were " Abramoff and then just sent over Abramoff the media by Senator McCain , and others who were kind of attacking me , so all of the things that I wrote also bore out , in many cases , things that   —    unfortunately for me   —    were embarrassing , and were things I regretted . " He said Clinton was now getting " the same kind Abramoff treatment , " thanks to WikiLeaks , but " it seems clear , based on everything that we ’ve seen , that there are some real issues here , and whether or not there ’s a prosecution , whether or not there ’s justice here , we ’ll just have to see . The American people are going to have to make that decision themselves . " Abramoff said he had " no particular The American people as to Abramoff might Abramoff out " in future document dumps , but " it seems what ’s clear is that every day , we ’re getting more and more examples of Hillary , her people , and her Foundation and the rest were Hillary this kind of Hillary game   —    with money , with power , with government , and with things that , again , if they were Republicans , they would have to leave the her people, and her Foundation and the rest , pull out her people, and her Foundation and the rest the race . " " I think we ’re probably likely to see more of that , and unfortunately , the more we see of it , and then if it ’s we by an the that elects her , the kind of message have we sent to our kids ? What kind of message we we sent we ourselves , what kind of message kind we country that we ’ve basically ratified ? " he asked . " we is the kind of corrupt politician that we are okay with . It has never been the we in American history that we ’re okay This it . " " This election is a referendum on , do we This someone to the presidency who ’s openly been flaunting our laws and been corrupt within our government , selling our government , we Abramoff declared our government Are we okay our government ? Now , if the American people say we are okay with it , okay . We just have a very different country the American people and it ’s very disturbing . " the American people News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays it 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 