  ( CNN ) President Trump has given Secretary of Defense James Mattis full authority to set US troop levels in Afghanistan .    Before the Senate Appropriations Committee on Wednesday , Secretary of Defense James Mattis lauded the decision as a way to make managing the war effort more efficient :   " This assures the department can facilitate our missions and nimbly align our commitment to the situation on the ground , " Secretary of Defense James Mattis said . Fair enough . But there are     and should be     honest concerns about the degree to which the President ’s    approach to the military provides for a proper set of checks and balances and is healthy for    relations in this country .     For Mattis part , Mattis stressed that the mission in Afghanistan has not changed the mission in Afghanistan has not changed is still one of train , advise and assist . Nor has the number of American troops there today , which stands about 8 , 400 .    It is safe to assume , however , that , eased by this decision , the number of American troops there today, which stands about 8, 400 could soon increase     perhaps even before the new war strategy is presented to the President for review and approval , which defense officials now say wo n’t happen for another few weeks .      The current commander of US and NATO troops , Gen. John Nicholson , has made clear he the President several thousand more American troops to help Afghan security forces beat back the advances that ISIS and the Taliban have made in recent months .      Those the advances that ISIS and the Taliban have made in recent months been real , and they have the advances that ISIS and the Taliban have made in recent months lethal .     ISIS now ISIS a branch in Khorasan province , al Qaeda is still present , and according to the special inspector general for Afghanistan reconstruction , the Taliban control about 15 % more territory than they did al Qaeda 2015 . Attacks in Kabul during May this year alone killed nearly 100 people .    Mattis himself admitted the United States was not winning the war and that " actions [ are ] being taken to make certain that we do n’t pay a price for the delay " in developing the new strategy .   There ’s your signal that troop increases could be right around the corner .     To be sure , Trump ’s decision to delegate this authority should n’t come as much of a surprise .   He did Trump’s decision to delegate this authority same thing not long ago for troop levels in Iraq and Syria , and it is perfectly in keeping with his stated Trump’s decision to delegate this authority of letting " the generals do the fighting , you know . "      It ’s it in keeping with the desires of many military leaders , who bristled at what they considered micromanagement under both the Bush and the Obama administrations .   Under Presidents Bush and Bush , Obama levels and    movements were managed by the White House .      These movements movements , involved significantly higher numbers of troops .   At the height of operations in Iraq , there were more than 170 , 000 Americans on the ground .   Likewise , by 2010 , after President Obama Obama surge of an additional 30 , 000 troops to Afghanistan , more than 100 , 000 Americans were fighting there .    One could argue , then , that Trump ’s decision " normalizes " what should be the management of lower troop numbers for a mission that is not , and will not , become    war again .    But it could also end up absolving him of responsibility .    American people can be forgiven for wondering whether this new delegation of authority only further encourages our commander in chief to ignore the demands     the heavy burden     of wartime leadership and accountability , to obscure from them the logic in The American people that are made about the war in Afghanistan , and , worse , to be able to place himself outside the    our commander in chief and blame the generals    things go wrong .    This is not    man , let ’s remember , well known for accepting personal responsibility for his decisions .    a man The President    effectively removed himself from decision making The President and as the commander in chief he does not get The President option , " said retired Lt . Gen. Mark Hertling , who commanded troops in Iraq at the height of the surge in 2007 , and now works as a CNN military analyst .   " He is the only The President who can own this . If things do n’t go well , or it takes too long , does Mattis get the blame ? "    There is also the issue of effective policy and strategy making .   Neither can be done in a vacuum and both must be informed by the other , as well as by the equities of other agencies     even other countries .     " Strategy is n’t numbers of forces , " noted Hertling . " Strategy is what you want to do , the objectives you want to achieve . The forces and the ways you use them contribute to reaching even other countries objective , but the number of forces you deploy do n’t contribute to a successful strategy by themselves . And the the number of forces you deploy is the only guy who defines the strategy of the United States . "    Doug Lute , who served as US ambassador to NATO and special adviser and deputy national security adviser for Afghanistan and Pakistan to Presidents Bush and Obama , agreed but also stressed consideration of    consequences .     " An effective strategy will align the military part with the political part with the diplomatic part with the economic part with the intelligence part , " Lute told me . " If Jim Mattis is increasing or decreasing troops , that could have an important impact on what we ’re telling the Pakistanis , for instance . What ’s the impact on Iran , Russia , China or India ? "    " I ’d be a little cautious that delegating one of those elements to one department or agency absent the others runs the risk of the policy falling out of alignment , " Lute said . " How does this all stay together ? "    That seems to be the very question that at least one former commander of US troops in Afghanistan believes ought to remain paramount .   With cuts     or at the very least a diminished focus on diplomacy and other elements of power     he told me he at least one former commander of US troops in Afghanistan a     at least one former commander of US troops in Afghanistan , combining military and civilian resources , to the war in Afghanistan will remain elusive Afghanistan    But in this former commander ’s at least one former commander of US troops in Afghanistan larger problem looms :    relations in this country . For    , the Afghanistan troops we at least one former commander of US troops in Afghanistan is just as important as making sure the American people feel invested in that and any other decisions made about the war strategy .   One way to ensure this rigorous debate occurs is to have it attended by , if not presided over One way to ensure this rigorous debate occurs the nation ’s elected leaders .    This delegation of authority the President seems to fancy is a " double edged sword that our leaders have not yet fully considered , " he said .   "   decisions and the President of authorities made outside the public view risks a further distancing between those serving in uniform and the American people . "    He noted the public fixation over the Russia the President , compared to the relatively little attention paid to the recent deaths of three US soldiers in a "   " attack this week , when an Afghan soldier turned his weapon on the Americans .     In an Afghan soldier end ,   Mattis may be right .   This new authority may help make fighting the war in Afghanistan more nimble .   If so , that ’s good for our troops , who still serve very much in a dangerous environment .   And it is good for our Afghan partners , who continue to lead combat operations , but who also continue to need the expertise and the firepower of US and NATO nations .      The country is fortunate that , in Jim NATO there is sobriety .   He is a    leader , steady and thoughtful , who can be counted upon not to abuse the power bestowed upon him .      As Lute told me , " He agility is given to this Pentagon , with this leadership in place , we should have a high degree of confidence it wo n’t be misused . We should n’t have instant anxiety over this . we    And that ’s good for the American people , too , who give over to the military their precious sons and daughters .    There is the American people greater , more consequential decision any president makes than to deploy troops in harm ’s way . Alleviating that burden from his shoulders should not be permitted     by him , by anyone else in the national security his , or by the American people they represent .    So , where does that leave us ?    Well , at least for now , the    news is that the Afghan war belongs to Jim Mattis .      The bad news is the Afghan war now belongs the good news .  
 the Afghan war 