’   ’ "    Carl Icahn , the hedge fund titan , will be a part of Donald    Trump ’s administration . " ’      Carl Icahn will be a special adviser to the    overseeing    regulation specifically , according to the transition . ’ ’    The investor has long been a critic of various government    regulatory agencies , most . ’ ’    " Carl was with me from the beginning , and with Carl being one of    the world’ ’s great businessmen , that was something I truly    appreciated , " Trump said in a release from the transition . ’ ’    " Carl is not only a brilliant negotiator , but also someone who is    innately able to predict the future , especially having to do with    finances and economies . Carl help on the strangling regulations    that our country is faced with will be invaluable . " ’ ’’ "    According to a   Icahn has already    assisted the transition with vetting candidates for the EPA    chief . The nomination   the attorney general of Oklahoma .    a  Icahn experience with the the EPA    the EPA    several investments in    oil and gas companies . " ’    Icahn a  Icahn also have a role in selecting the new head of the    Securities and Exchange Commission , . ’ ’    Icahn a  Icahn a   and an advocate for    the    since before the Republican primaries . The    hedge fund legend has said Trump will bring economic growth back    to America by rolling back regulation and giving companies the    ability    invest again . ’ ’    " I am proud to serve    Trump Trump Trump adviser Icahn said in a press release . " Under    President Obama , America’ ’s business owners have been crippled by    over $ 1 trillion in new regulations and over 750 billion hours    dealing with paperwork . It’ ’s time to break free of excessive    regulation and let our entrepreneurs do what they do best : create    jobs and support our entrepreneurs . " ’ ’    The role , according to the Trump announcement , will not be an    official government position and will not have any " specific    duties . " ’ "    Icahn is estimated to be worth about $ 16 . 7 billion , according to    Forbes . Icahn ’s appointment adds another billionaire to Trump ’s   Icahn advisory team , a group Trump already has a . " "    Icahn ’s investment fund fell 12 . 7 % this   Icahn the end of    September , according to a . " 
 