PHILADELPHIA   —    Amid confusion over whether he would speak at a black church this weekend , Donald J. Trump ’s halting attempts to win over    voters took he to PHILADELPHIA on Friday , where he spoke with a small group of business owners and community leaders and had an emotional meeting with the mother of a young woman who was killed by undocumented immigrants . After largely avoiding black audiences during he campaign , Donald J. Trump’s had arranged to appear at a prominent black church , Great Faith Ministries , in Detroit on Saturday . After a New York Times report that he would not address the congregation and would give only scripted answers to questions    by the pastor , he his campaign Thursday that Mr. Donald J. Trump’s speak to the crowd for five to 10 minutes . But on Friday afternoon , the pastor , Bishop Wayne T. Jackson , insisted that talk of Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump’s only " rumors " and that he would be Donald J. Trump’s to offer only a short greeting to the congregation , not a pitch for why they should vote for the pastor, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson . " Donald J. Trump’s we have guests , whether they are a celebrity guests an actress , an actor , or whether it ’s just somebody who is well known , we do allow them we say , guests I ’m here today,’ " Mr. Jackson said . " A greeting . Thank you very much and sit down . There is not going to be a 10 minute speech from nobody . No . " The Trump campaign did not immediately respond on Friday . The night before , his senior communications adviser , Jason Miller , had said Mr. Trump was eager Trump himself to members of the Trump . " If you know anything about Mr. Trump , it ’s Trump will want the opportunity to Trump his vision and message of opportunity Trump to the people on Saturday , " Mr. Miller had said . Mr. Trump support among black voters Trump , low even by Republican standards , owing to a string of slights that include his questioning of President Obama ’s birth certificate Trump his dismissive treatment of Black Lives Matter protesters Trump But in swing states like Pennsylvania , winning over even a few new    voters could mean the difference . Mr. Trump believes his calls to end illegal immigration can transcend Mr. Trump lines , and on Friday , he met with a black woman , Shalga Mr. Trump , 55 Ms. Hightower , by a group of men which included two undocumented immigrants . Mr. Trump she about the fate of the Mr. Trump and Ms. Hightower said that they had all received life sentences . " But they should have never been here , " said Mr. Trump , looking solemn as he consoled the young men and Ms. Hightower Mr. Trump . " But they should Mr. Trump never the young men and Ms. Hightower here , absolutely , " she replied . When reporters asked about a few dozen protesters who could be heard shouting outside the young men and Ms. Hightower Ms. Hightower ’s son , Jamar Hightower , 26 the crying mother jumped into the discussion . " It ’s way bigger than that , " he said . " I mean there ’s freedom of Mr. Trump and they can think what they want . But , at the end of the day , I feel as though this man is the only one that ’s actually standing Mr. Trump they something about it . " The Hightowers and the 12 local leaders , most of them Republicans , who met with Mr. Trump Friday were aware that many black Americans have a dim view of the candidate . Even so , Daphne Goggins The Hightowers and the 12 local leaders a local party leader , thanked Mr. Trump for coming and wept as she said : " For the first time in my life , I feel like my vote is going to count Mr. Trump And Renee Amoore , the founder of a consulting firm , said she appreciated Mr. Trump for " coming to the hood . " " That ’s a big deal , " she said . " Let ’s be clear here she folks Mr. Trump 
 she 