’   ’ "    As the new head of the Justice Department , Attorney General Jeff    Sessions will have   over how the federal government    approaches marijuana under President Donald Trump ’s    administration .   " ’    Marijuana currently exists in a legal gray area at the federal    level .   ’ ’    the federal government    meaning that it considers the the federal government    to have no acceptable medical    use and a high potential for abuse . ’ ’    In 2013 , however , the Department of Justice issued the " " which moved federal resources away    from prosecuting individuals operating legally in states that    have legalized    .   ’ "    While it remains to be seen how Trump and Sessions will handle    marijuana , some executives who spoke to Business Insider    said they    hopeful some executives who spoke to Business Insider    Sessions , who has   will focus his    attention Business Insider       ’s priorities , like overhauling immigration ,    rather than    a fight with legal marijuana industry . " ’      ’ ’    " ’ ’   ’ ’    Since marijuana was first legalized in Colorado and Washington in    2012 , the legal marijuana industry has existed in a federal gray    area . The industry is the legal marijuana industry a     basis .   ’ "    That gray area has a federal gray   area vulnerable to the legal marijuana industry risk , according to Christov . Without clearly established rules or    regulations , a new administration like Trump ’s c " "    However , marijuana advocates and policy experts say they expect    the Trump Administration , marijuana advocates and policy experts the    Justice    Department , to respect states’ rights to legalize and regulate    marijuana without federal interference . " ’    " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Micah Tapman , a partner and managing director at the      marijuana incubator and venture capital firm     said    that there is one " hidden benefit " to the continuation of the    federal gray area . Until the federal government clarifies    its position , he said it’ ’s    opportunity for ’ ’  ’ ’  ’ ’   Micah Tapman, a partner and managing director at the     marijuana incubator and venture capital firm     smaller and more    agile " companies to develop businesses on a     basis . ’ ’    " It’ ’s not often that a    it’ industry is dominated    by small and    companies but that’ ’s exactly what’ ’s    happening with cannabis , " Tapman added .   ’ ’   ’ "    In Colorado , California , and other legal marijuana states ,    Sessions’ confirmation does n’t appear to be slowing investment in    the industry . " ’       Demers , the CEO of Diego Pellicer , a network of retail    dispensaries , said that he’ ’s " so confident " in the future of the    marijuana industry that his company plans to open a flagship he’ outlet in Denver next week . ’ ’    " ’ ’    Morgan Paxhia , a partner at   told Business Insider that , in his view , the    percentage of Morgan Paxhia, a partner at   concerned about Sessions is relatively    small when considering other reasons to get into the marijuana    industry . ’ ’    " W ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’As the new head of the Justice Department . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 