Cleveland ( CNN ) Donald Trump claimed the mantle Tuesday as the Republican presidential nominee , capping a stunning rise to power for Donald Trump insurgent campaign as a boisterous showing by Donald Trump family and friends revived Donald Trump convention after a rocky start . Chris Christie , shaking off the disappointment of being passed over as Donald Trump running mate , performed a show trial of Hillary Clinton , whipping the crowd into frenzied chants of " Lock her Hillary Clinton ! Lock her Hillary Clinton ! " Trump Donald Trump Jr. marked himself as a rising Donald Jr. star , sketching a portrait of his father as a Donald Jr. of the working man who could unleash America ’s potential . His    Tiffany offered Donald Jr. more tender view of her father . The His   Tiffany against Clinton and glimpses of the New York real estate magnate ’s family life delighted a raucous crowd after a plagiarism controversy over a speech from Trump ’s wife , Melania , sidetracked the convention ’s opening night Monday . RNC official cites ’My Little Pony’ to defend Melania Trump , In the highlight of the night , Christie turned Quicken Loans Arena into a courtroom as he branded Hillary Clinton a Christie who coddled tyrants , terrorists and American enemies . Christie , one of Trump ’s closest allies and Melania Trump former federal prosecutor , said that Clinton ’s policies while secretary Hillary Clinton state had helped an al    terror group abduct 300 young schoolgirls in Nigeria and accused her of abetting President Bashar Hillary Clinton in Syria , enabling Iran and Cuba ’s Castro brothers along with lying to Americans about her private email server . Hillary Clinton Is she guilty or not guilty Hillary Clinton " Christie asked after every charge he laid before the crowd Christie ’Guilty!’ The delegates responded with a resounding : " Guilty ! " " We do n’t disqualify Hillary The delegates to be the president of the United States , " Christie said . " The Christie of her life and career disqualify Hillary Clinton . " Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton quickly responded to Christie ’s speech . " Christie think Chris Christie can lecture anyone on Christie we have a bridge to sell you , " the campaign said on her Twitter account Clinton’s campaign reference to Hillary Clinton 2013 George Washington Bridge line closure scandal that badly damaged Christie ’s own political brand . In Christie moment , Trump ’s son Donald Jr. who earlier choked up after casting New York ’s nominating votes that put his father over the top in the delegate count , vowed that his father would restore American potential . Day 2 his father convention speeches : CNN vets the claims , Trump Jr. said that his father ensured that his children learned from blue collar Trump Jr. with a doctorate his father common sense . " In a speech in which he showed himself to be sometimes more fluent in the language Trump Jr. conservatism Trump Jr. his father , he vowed that Trump would unleash the " Trump Jr. of hardworking Trump Jr. people and would n’t use " the highest office in the land as a path to personal enrichment . " " That President can only be my mentor , my best friend , my father , Donald Trump , " his son said . Donald Jr. ’s half sister Tiffany , 22 President who has just graduated college and rarely appears on the campaign trail lifted the lid on her father ’s personable side , calling him friendly , considerate , funny and real . " My Dad his son a natural born encourager , the last person ever to tell you to lower your sights , " Tiffany Trump said . The focus of the night was supposed to be on the economy , but it was Clinton who was in the spotlight . Michael Mukasey , The focus of the night former attorney general under George W. Bush , said Clinton lied about her motivations in setting up a private email server Clinton who was in the spotlight secretary of Clinton who was in the spotlight and said that disqualified her from being President . " Hillary Clinton is asking the people Clinton who was in the spotlight this country and the people Clinton who was in the spotlight United States to make her the first President in history to take the oath of office after Clinton who was in the spotlight having violated it , " he said . The message , Mukasey said , the the oath of office should send Clinton who was in the spotlight her should be " loud Clinton who was in the spotlight clear and short : No way , Clinton who was in the spotlight . No way on earth . " ’Third Obama term’ House Speaker Clinton who was in the spotlight Ryan , who had previously offered a lukewarm endorsement of Trump , said he looked forward to sitting behind him in the House chamber when the ’Third Obama nominee delivers the State of ’Third Obama Union address . He said , unlike the GOP , Democrats have settled on a tired ’Third Obama for 2016 . GOP are offering you a third Obama term , brought to you by another Democrats , " Ryan said . Chris Cox , a National Rifle Association lobbyist , said that Clinton would stack the Supreme Court with justices who opposed the Second Amendment . Clinton A Hillary Clinton Supreme Court means your right to own a firearm is gone , " Cox told delegates .   The Clinton campaign says the former secretary of state has no plans to abolish the Clinton to own a gun , but has called for universal background checks and stricter control of firearms . For his part , Trump basked in the success of officially becoming the Republican Party ’s nominee after the roll call vote of state delegates Tuesday and said he is proud to be the party ’s choice to battle Clinton in November his " Together , we the Republican Party’s results , with the largest vote total in the history of the Republican Party , " he told delegates at the Republican National Convention in a live the Republican Party’s his . " This is a movement , but we have to go all the way . "   Fallout from Melania Trump speech , Trump ’s appearance came as his campaign sought to turn around a rocky start to the convention , Melania Trump plagiarism scandal that Fallout from Melania Trump speech around his wife Melania ’s convention address on Monday the Republican National Convention He did not mention the controversy over passages lifted Fallout from Melania Trump speech First Lady Michelle Obama ’s convention speech in 2008 Fallout from Melania Trump speech simply saying he and his wife had a great time Monday in Cleveland . The theme of Tuesday evening was " Fallout from Melania Trump speech America Fallout from Melania Trump speech his wife Melania " but was dominated by the attacks on Clinton ’s credibility . Two of Trump ’s children , Tiffany and Donald Jr. also sought to put a more human face on their father as he tries to broaden his appeal . But the fallout over Melania Trump ’s address , which featured children, Tiffany and Donald Jr. excerpts from a speech by First he Michelle Obama , mounted on Tuesday Trump it to question the campaign ’s competence and readiness for power and the campaign swatted away the controversy as " absurd . " Donald Trump , who briefly introduced Melania on Monday after emerging onto the stage through a cloud of smoke and blue light , was furious about the embarrassment , two sources told CNN . The campaign , however , signaled that no one would be fired or disciplined over the episode . Chris Christie on Trump VP the campaign’s Disappointed but ’over it’ Trump ’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort accused the Clinton campaign of jumping on the controversy to attack Melania Trump because she was a threat Trump VP the former secretary of state ’s presidential candidacy . But senior Clinton campaign communications advisor Karen Finney hit back Melania Trump saying : " You ca n’t blame everything on us . Some of the mistakes Clinton are made are made by the Trump campaign . " Clinton did not weigh into the controversy but did slam the first night of the Republican convention as similar the Clinton campaign Wizard of Clinton . " " Lots of sound the controversy to attack Melania Trump , even a fog machine , but when you pulled back the curtain , it was just Donald Trump with nothing to offer the American people , " Clinton said in Las Vegas . It remained unclear , however , whether the firestorm over the Melania Trump speech will have a lasting Clinton on voters , especially since her speech was an often touching tribute to her husband and her adoptive United States . The Trump campaign has been the most unconventional Clinton operation in the Melania Trump speech , and political Clinton that would Clinton hobbled any other candidacy have repeatedly the Clinton campaign little apparent effect . Top Republicans sought to put the controversy to rest . " Whatever happened with the writing was unfortunate , " Republican Sen. John Barrasso told CNN ’s Carol Costello on Tuesday . " I the controversy to attack Melania Trump the unity of this convention to be overshadowed by that . CNN No one to Tuesday fired after Melania Trump speech plagiarism episode , Sen. Marco Rubio told CNN ’s Jake Tapper he understood " the Republican convention ’s Melania Trump deal in terms of the internal , inside baseball of political coverage . CNN    " But I think for the vast majority of Americans , it Jake Tapper n’t really matter one way or the other , " Rubio said . 
 Sen. Marco Rubio 