  ( CNN ) A Democratic senator who questioned Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday said A Democratic senator who questioned Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday thinks Sessions’ refusal to answer some questions suggests there is a " concerted effort " from the administration to obstruct the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election . At Tuesday ’s hearing , New Mexico Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich told Sessions New Mexico Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich was " impeding " the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election by not answering questions . " I have deep concerns any time a sitting attorney general refuses to answer questions under oath , and the attorney a sitting attorney general and time again , without ever invoking executive privilege , " Heinrich said New Mexico Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich CNN ’s " Erin Burnett OutFront . " " He seemed New Mexico Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich invent a brand new legal standard of ’appropriateness.’ This is not a backyard barbecue . You either answer the question under oath , or you invoke executive privilege . " Sessions said during the hearing that it would be " inappropriate " for him to New Mexico Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich details of private conversations with President Donald Trump . He did New Mexico Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich claim executive privilege , but he did New Mexico Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich that by not answering questions he was New Mexico Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich the President ’s right President Donald Trump invoke executive privilege " if he chooses New Mexico Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich " Sessions also cited Justice Department " longstanding policy " in explaining why he would New Mexico Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich answer questions . During his questioning New Mexico Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich Heinrich said to Sessions , " Your silence speaks volumes . " " I walked away from this being highly concerned that there now seems to be a concerted effort by the administration to obstruct this investigation , " Heinrich said on " OutFront Heinrich " " He would n’t answer the Heinrich basic question under oath . And we ’re not going to be able to get to the bottom of this matter if we do n’t have honest we from the administration . " Asked the administration believes Sessions’ claims that Heinrich could not remember a Heinrich meeting with Russian Ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak , Heinrich said he wants to see where the Heinrich goes . " Certainly , if it was just a sort of pleasantries , and there were a number of people together , that would not constitute collusion . But the question is , why did n’t he report that along with the Heinrich meetings ? " he said . " I think Heinrich I had had a meeting with Ambassador Kislyak , or three for that matter , I would go the extra mile to make sure that every time I connected with him I was transparent about that Heinrich the US Congress . " 
 