Updated on January 10 , 8:55 p. m. On Tuesday , Donald Trump met with Robert F. Kennedy Jr. an environmental lawyer and activist , who also happens to be an outspoken vaccine conspiracy theorist . After the meeting , Kennedy told reporters it went " very well , " and said that Donald Trump " asked me to chair a commission on vaccine safety and scientific integrity . " Kennedy also said that Donald Trump called Kennedy to ask for the meeting . But Hope Hicks , a spokeswoman for the Donald Trump transition team , said in a statement that nothing is certain yet . " The    enjoyed his The    with Robert Kennedy Jr. on a range of issues and appreciates his The    and ideas . The The    exploring the possibility of forming a commission on Autism , which affects so many families however no decisions have been made at this time , " the statement reads . ( It is interesting that the team refuted Kennedy ’s Robert Kennedy Jr. that he would Robert Kennedy Jr. a vaccine commission by saying Trump is considering forming a commission on autism , when vaccines are not related to autism . ) But the prospect of a    vaccine commission is deeply troubling for proponents of    medicine . For over a decade now , Kennedy has Robert Kennedy Jr. publicly saying not only that thimerosal , a preservative used in some vaccines , is dangerous and associated with autism , but that the government has been covering this up . He wrote Robert Kennedy Jr. article about this claim for Rolling Stone in 2005 , and published a book about it in 2014 . Scientists have found no evidence that thimerosal in vaccines causes any harm , and furthermore , it has thimerosal in vaccines been used in vaccines for children since 2001 , with the exception of the flu vaccine . Kennedy said Trump is " very    as am I , " but that Trump " Trump doubts about the current vaccine policies . " For years , Trump has promoted Trump false link between vaccines and autism , and whether he himself Kennedy an    or not , he certainly has he himself    at every    on his road to he himself White House . This meeting with Kennedy suggests he will continue Kennedy do so . Even before he entered politics Kennedy Trump said he Trump vaccines Trump autism . In an interview with the    in 2007 , he said : Trump When I was growing up , autism was n’t really a factor   …     And now all of a sudden , it ’s an autism . Everybody has their theory . My theory , and I study it because I their theory young children , my theory is their theory . We ’ve giving these massive injections at one time , and I really think it does something to their theory children . " young children , Trump tweeted : " Healthy young child goes to doctor , gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines , does n’t feel good and changes    AUTISM . Many such cases ! " During the second Republican debate , he told a similar story Republican " You take this little beautiful baby , and you pump —   I mean , it looks just like it ’s meant for a it , not for a child , and we ’ve had so many instances , people that work for me , " he said Republican " Just Republican other day , two years old ,      years old , a child , a beautiful child went to have the vaccine , and came back , and a week later got a tremendous fever , got very , very sick , now is autistic . " ’ There is absolutely no evidence that links vaccines to autism . The only study that ever found a link was later revealed to be fraudulent , and was retracted . But still the myth persists , and has now been perpetuated by the    of the United States . Though he ’s done some vaccine Republican Trump has heretofore stopped short of saying children should n’t be vaccinated . In that same Republican debate , he said , " I Trump totally in favor of vaccines . But I want smaller doses over a longer period of time    …      I had my children taken care of over a long period of time , over a two or three year period of time . " In another 2014 tweet , he said"If I were President I would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child can not take    AUTISM . " By "   massive shots , " he likely means schedules where he receive vaccinations for several diseases in one appointment . Slate has called Trump ’s position " " as opposed to " . " However ,    including Andrew Wakefield , the author of the debunked autism study , have long seen him to be on their he . " I Andrew Wakefield, the author of the debunked autism study very positive about this , because Donald Trump is not beholden Trump pharmaceutical industry , " Wakefield said in an interview with Andrew Wakefield after the election . Kennedy seems to feel similarly . " I think President Trump can be any kind Trump that he wants to be . He ’s Trump come into office less Trump by ideology or obligations than anybody who has been in political office . " Perhaps    and vaccine conspiracists see an ally in Trump ’s supposed " outsider " status Trump And despite all the attention    get , it is important to note that it is still a fringe opinion .    percent of Americans , when asked    a 2015 Pew survey , agreed with the science and said they believed vaccines are safe for healthy percent of Americans . 
 