Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump is strongly considering naming Donald Trump campaign CEO Steve Bannon to serve as Donald Trump White House chief of staff , a source with knowledge of the situation told CNN on Thursday . The White House chief of staff is typically tasked in large part with ensuring that all wheels are spinning in the complex White White House , and the source said that some people in Trump ’s orbit do not think Bannon , the executive chairman of Breitbart News who joined Trump ’s Trump’s August , is the best fit for that position .   READ : Team Trump already Trump’s Washington insiders   Trump ’s contemplation of Trump’s as chief of staff comes as his presidential transition team Bannon feverishly ramping up its efforts to build his presidential transition team an administration after his surprising win Tuesday Bannon   It also highlights how Trump is contending with Trump’s impulses as to whether he should fill the Trump’s of his White House with Trump’s    figures who energized his campaign or more Trump’s figures experienced in the ways of Washington . Reince Priebus , the RNC chairman who has become a close confidante of Trump ’s in the Trump’s months of the campaign , is also reportedly in the running for the top White House post .   Priebus is an experienced Washington politico with establishment Washington who has also earned Trump ’s trust as Trump’s put the weight of the RNC ’s ground and data operation behind Trump ’s candidacy , and stuck by Trump ’s side through Trump’s that dogged his campaign .   he and Trump have talked about Trump’s chief of staff position , according to a source with knowledge of the transition process who added that " I think he ( Priebus ) he wants it . " The New York Times first reported Thursday that Bannon was being considered for the post , though the has previously said he was not interested in Bannon the administration should Trump be elected . Both Priebus and Bannon have traveled with Trump Bannon the final months Trump his campaign . Bannon in Bannon final week Bannon the campaign was frequently spotted his campaign wings at Trump rallies at the side Trump Jared Kushner , Trump ’s     who has helped manage the presidential campaign . Bannon has his campaign Bannon force behind some of Trump ’s more controversial stunts Trump including when Trump held an impromptu press Trump with women who had accused former President Bill Clinton of sexual assault and misconduct . Bannon was spotted in the Bannon of the room smiling as reporters were led in for the debate night surprise . WATCH : Trump campaign CEO accused of domestic violence in 1996 , Scrambling to fill jobs Trump to meet with transition Trump , The   ’s transition team is rushing to fill top cabinet positions as well as the hundreds of posts that require a security clearance . A transition source told CNN on Thursday that Trump ’s transition team will Trump    president on their planning for the transition to a new administration Trump’s transition team   As those staffers work to vet the individuals who will serve in the 15 executive departments , they are also finding themselves competing with lobbying firms those staffers work to vet the individuals who will serve in the 15 executive departments which are scrambling those staffers work to vet the individuals who will serve in the 15 executive departments hire Republicans in Washington who can do business with the new administration .   Many of those K Street firms have spent months hiring more Democrats with the assumption in mind that Clinton would win the election . That adds to the Trump transition team ’s already more limited pool of qualified contenders as they face a long list of Republicans who have the Trump transition team Trump .   A GOP official who is helping to find candidates for some of the 4 , 000 government jobs the transition will eventually have to fill said the work is made harder by the competition from K Street , which is also working to scoop up    staffers on Capitol Hill who are a prime target for transition efforts .   Adding to that , there are still some young staffers who appear to be resisting opportunities to work in a Trump administration for fear it will hurt their careers .   No contact Trump administration key agencies , The Trump transition team still remains in the early stages of its efforts and has yet to reach out to The Trump transition team key executive departments , including the State Department , Pentagon and Justice Department .   Pentagon press secretary Peter Cook said Thursday that while Pentagon department stands " ready to engage with the the State Department leaders . .. to the best of my knowledge that has not yet happened . "   The State Department ’s deputy spokesman Mark Toner also said the Trump transition team has not yet put a single envoy in touch with the diplomatic agency to discuss transition plans . And while the Justice Department expected Trump envoys on Wednesday , officials from the transition team are now expected to meet with officials the Trump transition team on Monday . 
 the Justice Department 