’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump wasted no time attacking GOP rival Ted Cruz after the latter abruptly asked ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump top spokesman to resign on Monday.’ " ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump unleashed a series of tweets about Rick Tyler , the spokesman for GOP rival Ted Cruz presidential campaign . Cruz , a Texas senator , asked Tyler Rick Tyler   after he Rick Tyler that purportedly showed rival Marco Rubio dismissing the Bible . " ’"Wow , Ted GOP rival Ted Cruz suggested Marco Rubio Marco Rubio Bible and the Bible forced to fire his Communications Director Marco Rubio " Trump tweeted . " More dirty tricks ! " ’ ’Trump has been attacking Cruz for GOP rival Ted Cruz , calling him a " liar Trump and accusing him of supposed " Trump tricks . " The attacks have shown signs of sticking , as Cruz has GOP rival Ted Cruz to distance himself from the label.’ ’"I had made clear in this campaign that we will conduct this campaign with the very highest standards of integrity , " Cruz said GOP rival Ted Cruz Monday , after he told reporters that himself asked Tyler to resign.’ ’He continued:’ ’Trump continued his tweetstorm:’ ’Ted Cruz has GOP rival Ted Cruz playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false    no basis in fact . Take ad down Ted . Biggest liar in politics!’ ’Ted Cruz has GOP rival Ted Cruz apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks . No wonder he has lost Evangelical Ted ’Just saw the phony ad by Cruz    GOP rival Ted Cruz , more dirty tricks . He got caught in so Ted lies    is this man crazy?’ " Ted Cruz should GOP rival Ted Cruz from his fraudulent win in Iowa . Ted RNC and Republican leadership probably wo n’t let this happen ! Sad . " ’The    controversy centers around a video that Tyler posted and later apologized for , calling it " inaccurate . " The ’The    purported to show Rubio pointing to a Bible a Cruz staffer was holding GOP rival Ted Cruz a hotel lobby and saying that " not many answers " are in it . Rubio , in fact , said Rubio " all the answers are in there " as he gestured toward the Bible.’ ’ Rubio said that he GOP rival Ted Cruz for his exit from Rubio campaign . Rubio defended Tyler as a " Rubio man " who had made " a grave error in judgment . " ’ ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald . .. ’ 
 