Washington ( CNN ) Newt Gingrich on Thursday defended Donald Trump ’s controversial tweet about Hillary Clinton featuring the Star of David over a field of money , telling CNN there was nothing    about the image and that the recent uproar was an " absurd " and " demagogic " attack orchestrated by the media . The former House speaker , who is one of the top candidates to be Donald Trump’s ’s vice presidential nominee , said in a phone interview that he was " very angry " about what he considered to be " the media ’s deliberate distortion . " He he the Republican presumptive nominee , in part by pointing to the Jewish members of Trump Trump’s .   " I think it is so profoundly dishonest that it sickens me and makes me very angry , " Gingrich said . " The the media deliberate distortion . It ’s absurdity it He has got Gingrich     who ’s an Orthodox Jew , his daughter has Gingrich to Judaism , grandchildren who are Jewish . And he gave a Gingrich at AIPAC ( the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ) that was pretty definitive . And in the middle of this , you get this kind of smear ? " Gingrich also said Gingrich will continue to attack media outlets     including CNN , The New York Times and The Washington Post     in the way that he did at Gingrich rally Wednesday in Ohio . " He ’s not Gingrich to back off , " he said . Gingrich A substantial part of the campaign is going to be     if you think the news media is honest and fair and totally neutral , then you ought to vote for Hillary . But if you think the news media the news media then join me , " Gingrich added . The controversy over Trumps ’s tweet began Saturday when Trump tweeted a graphic that labeled Clinton the " most corrupt candidate ever . " The image featured a    star and a pile of cash     which many critics said had clear    connotations . It was later altered to replace the star with a circle .   It was subsequently revealed that It original image had previously been posted on an    white supremacist message board .   Gingrich , an outspoken supporter of Israel , echoed Trump ’s newest defense of the tweet : that a    star is featured on a book about the popular Disney movie " Frozen . " " Just think about it for a second     you ’re doing a tweet about how somebody who is a crook so you put in cash . That does n’t imply that she is Jewish . It Trump she ’s a crook , Trump he said . " We a crook exactly the same star was being used in a book about ’Frozen’ by Disney . Does anybody want to argue that Frozen is   ? " Gingrich ’s defense puts him squarely at odds with Gingrich Republicans , including the current House Speaker , Paul Ryan .   The Wisconsin lawmaker slammed the Gingrich week and warned that    images " have no place in a presidential campaign . " " I really believe he has to clean up the way Gingrich ( social ) media works , Gingrich Ryan said on the Charlie Sykes radio Paul Ryan . " They ’ve got to clean this thing up . " Under fire for the tweet , Trump has doubled down the tweet again raising concerns about whether the candidate is capable of practicing message discipline . Republicans fear that the unfiltered rhetoric that helped Trump win the GOP primary will alienate important Trump groups during the general election , including independents and women .   At a rally in Cincinnati , Trump said he " should n’t have " Trump the Trump tweet and accused the media of having " racist tendencies . " " Actually they ’re racially profiling . They ’re racially profiling . Not us . they do they bring this up ? " Trump said they " These people are sick Trump " Gingrich , they with Trump in Cincinnati , told CNN on Thursday Trump the Cincinnati of the vice presidential selection process did not come up when the two spoke . " I think he ’s checking out the chemistry and the Trump with a number of people , " Gingrich said . " We like each other , we have a lot of fun and we ’re We willing to take on the traditional We so we ’re happily doing that . " He added We he expects to speak at Trump Republican National Trump in Cleveland later this month . 
 