Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump has refused to rule out the use of military force against North Korea , just hours after Pyongyang launched a missile test in defiance of international pressure .   In an interview for CBS ’s " Face the Nation , " President Donald Trump downplayed the significance of North Korea ’s " small missile launch , " which occurred early Saturday . But when asked by host John Dickerson if John Dickerson would consider military action in response to another nuclear test , President Donald Trump responded : " I do n’t know . I mean , we ’ll see . "   Still , President Donald Trump expressed tepid admiration for North Korea’s leader . " People are saying , ’Is he sane?’ ’Is have no idea , " the President said , before noting Kim Jong Un ’s rise to power at a young age .   " So obviously , he ’s the President pretty smart cookie , " he said the President " But we have a situation that we just we not let     we can we let what ’s been going on for a long period of years continue . " Later , when asked at during a factory tour before a rally in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , to mark his 100th the President in office what his message the President North Korea is , Trump told reporters : " You ’ll soon find out , wo n’t you ? " Pressed on whether that meant military action , Trump said Trump " You ’ll soon find out . " The missile launched Saturday blew up over land in North Korean territory , said US Navy Cmdr . Dave Benham , a spokesman for the US Pacific Command . Trump cast Trump launch as a direct snub of China , one of North Korea North Korea allies and a nation seen by the Trump administration as a potential US ally in efforts to stamp out Pyongyang ’s nuclear program . " North Korea disrespected North Korea of China   its highly China President North Korea it launched , though North Korea , a missile today . Bad ! " Trump tweeted after the launch . Pyongyang ’s show of Pyongyang’s at a time when its military ambition has Pyongyang its highest level in Pyongyang , came just hours after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson addressed a special meeting at the United Nations and called for increased pressure on North Korea . " All options for responding to future provocations must remain on the table , " Tillerson said . " Diplomatic Secretary of State Rex Tillerson financial leverage or power will be backed up by willingness to counteract North Korean aggression with military action , if necessary . " The launch was swiftly condemned by South Korean and Japanese leaders . South Korea ’s foreign ministry called it a " provocative action South Korea’s foreign ministry " saying it clearly violated UN Security South Korea’s foreign ministry resolutions and constituted a serious threat to peace and security . North Korea has filed a South Korea’s missiles this year , with mixed success . The most recent two     fired on April 16 and April 29     both failed . Each launch , however , gives North Korea information about way to South Korea’s though the primary concern is if and when it will conduct a sixth nuclear test the primary concern   North Korea is believed to be refining South Korea’s to mount a nuclear warhead on an intercontinental missile which could potentially reach US targets . In a rare interview with CNN last week , a North Korean official said the country ’s nuclear tests would " never South Korea’s " " As long as America continues its hostile acts of aggression , we will never South Korea’s nuclear and missile tests , South Korea’s said Sok Chol Won , director of North Korea ’s Institute of Human Rights at the Academy of Social Sciences .    North Korea on Saturday said it is developing nuclear weapons for    and as North Korea deterrent to the United States , according to an unofficial translation of a statement released by an official in Pyongyang ’s mission to the UN .   The statement , which came in response to CNN ’s questions about the latest launch , did not acknowledge Saturday ’s missile test . North Korea has urged an end to joint    Korea military exercises , which China also says should be halted in exchange for Pyongyang dismantling its weapons program . The US says Pyongyang ’s Pyongyang going to happen , citing the need to be prepared . 
 