’   ’ ’    Donald Trump has made up Donald Trump deficit against Hillary Clinton in a    series of new polls of battleground states , swinging to leads in    Florida and Pennsylvania and a tie in Ohio . ’ ’    The new set of   released    Wednesday , found the presumptive Republican presidential nominee    in a dead heat with Hillary Clinton in the three states , a slight change    from similar Quinnipiac University polls conducted last month . ’ "    Hillary Clinton ’s biggest drop was in Florida , where last month Hillary Clinton led    Trump by 8 points . In Wednesday ’s poll of the state , Trump    garnered 42 % support to Hillary Clinton ’s 39 %   —    within the poll ’s    3 .   margin of error . " "    Wednesday Wednesday’s of Pennsylvania voters found Trump Trump by 8 points %    support to Hillary Clinton ’s 41 %   —    a slight change from last month ’s    poll , which found the former secretary of state leading Trump by    1 point . The candidates remained tied in Ohio for the second    month in a row . " ’    A slew of    Street    College    surveys released later Wednesday painted a slightly    different picture in Pennsylvania , where a poll showed Trump    trailing Clinton by 9 points . But the two were tied in Ohio , and    Clinton led Trump Clinton just Trump    points in Iowa , according to the    polls . ’ ’’ ’    " Donald Trump enters Trump    convention on a small roll in    the three most important swing states in the country , " Quinnipiac    University polling director Peter A. Brown   " He has wiped out " Quinnipiac   University polling director Peter A. Brown  "    Clinton’ ’s lead in Florida , is on the upside of    to call    races in Florida    Pennsylvania , Florida is locked in a dead heat    in Ohio . " ’ "    Though the Quinnipiac polls was conducted partially before    FBI Director James Comey ’s   Brown pointed out that    survey respondents had    to see Trump as more honest and    trustworthy . "       " While there is no definite link between Clinton’ ’s drop in    Florida and the US Justice Department decision not to prosecute    her for her handling    emails    she has lost ground    Trump on    questions Trump measure moral standards and honesty , " Brown said . ’ "    Not all the news in Wednesday ’s polls was bad for Clinton . The    polls showed that voters found her to be more Clinton and    prepared to be president by wide margins . " ’    Some analysts caution against reading too far into early      polls , pointing out that the lack of many state polls    several months out from the election can provide the illusion of    a volatile race . ’ ’    " Generally , it would be ideal to watch battlegrounds such as     "    However , state polls are sparse . This year’ ’s states are    mostly correlated with 2012 , so there’ ’s no realignment . This    means that watching national numbers is probably a reasonable    substitute . " ’ 
 