  ( CNN ) Here are the 5 things you need to know to Get Up to Speed and Out the Door . ( You can also get " 5 Things You Need to Know Today " delivered to your inbox daily . Sign up here . ) 1 . Facebook killing , Steve Stephens is dead . Steve Stephens shot and killed Steve Stephens after a police chase . Police say Steve Stephens killed an elderly man Steve Stephens saw walking down a Cleveland street , then posted a video of an elderly man he saw walking down a Cleveland street ’s death to Facebook . A nationwide manhunt for Steve Stephens had gone on for days , but it A nationwide manhunt for Stephens a trip to a McDonald ’s    in Pennsylvania     for Chicken McNuggets and an order of fries     that was the beginning of the end for Steve Stephens . An employee recognized Steve Stephens and called police then Steve Stephens was told Steve Stephens ’d have to wait a minute for Steve Stephens fries . Steve Stephens drove off , but state police already were in hot pursuit . Steve Stephens shot Steve Stephens in the head after a state trooper rammed Steve Stephens car , police said . 2 . Georgia runoff , There ’s going to be a runoff for a Georgia congressional seat in a race seen by some as a referendum on President Trump ’s popularity . Democrat Jon Ossoff almost pulled off a stunner , finishing well ahead of 11 GOP challengers in yesterday ’s special election but falling just short of the percentage he Democrat Jon Ossoff to win outright . The a Georgia congressional seat in a race seen by some as a referendum on President Trump’s popularity in a Republican stronghold in Atlanta ’s northern suburbs , has been held by the GOP GOP 1970s . Ossoff will Democrat Jon Ossoff face an uphill climb in the June runoff , since it ’s Democrat Jon Ossoff conservative voters will rally to the    finisher , Republican Karen Handel .    3 . British election , Oh , snap . The UK is set to hold a " snap " election on June 8 . Prime Minister Theresa May made the surprise announcement , and Parliament is due to approve it today . the surprise announcement why is she doing it Prime Minister Theresa May Brexit the surprise announcement what else ? ) . May wants a Prime Minister Theresa May mandate as she negotiates the Prime Minister Theresa May ’s The UK European Union . But there ’s definite election fatigue in the British Isles     this will be the third general election in seven years     and no one demonstrated it better than a woman this only as " Brenda from Bristol , " whose incredulous reaction to May ’s plans     " Not another one ? ! ? ! "     is sweeping social media . 4 . Fresno shooting , Three people were shot and killed within two minutes of each other last night in downtown Fresno , California . Police say the suspect , a black man who spoke on social media about his dislike for white people , fired 16 rounds in less than 90 seconds , killing three white men . The victims were apparently picked Three people . Police are calling this a hate crime . 5 . Bill O’Reilly , Is Bill O’Reilly heading for the exits Bill Bill O’Reilly Fox News talk show host and the network are reportedly negotiating how he ’ll leave . O’Reilly ’s his under fire ever Bill O’Reilly word came out that millions were paid to settle sexual harassment claims brought against him by female Fox employees . his have been fleeing his show ever since . O’Reilly his the boot from Fox would be a stunner . Fox ’s been with the network his its start and the network biggest star the network Fox dumped founder the network Ailes last year Fox sex harassment complaints .    BREAKFAST BROWSE , People are talking about these . Read up . Join in . The family that smokes together , Singer Melissa Etheridge said she feels closer to her adult children Singer Melissa Etheridge since she started Singer Melissa Etheridge pot with them . Singer Melissa Etheridge me maybe , Someone her adult children 100 cell phones at Coachella , so    used the Find My iPhone app    track down the culprit .    wonder , Who says unicorns are    real ? They exist at Starbucks ( at least unicorns week ) in the form of special pink and blue Frappuccinos . Add the rainbow , Since no selfie is complete without a sparkling rainbow or a field of blooming flowers in the background , Snapchat is rolling out spiffy new 3D filters . Archaeological jackpot , Eight mummies . Ten sarcophagi . A ton of figurines . Not a bad haul that Egyptian archaeologists dug out of     tombs . TODAY ’S NUMBER , $ 107 million , That ’s how much President Trump raised from corporations and rich donors for his inauguration . It ’s a record President Trump AND FINALLY   . .. I fought the law , and the law lost , A police officer the law fights off a goose with no respect for the badge . ( Click to view ) 
 