Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump and the Republican National Committee met with Hispanic supporters of the real estate mogul ’s campaign at Trump Tower Saturday . The meeting with the National Hispanic Advisory Council came as Donald Trump has struggled to attract minority voters , particularly Hispanics , and after a week in which he made major changes to he campaign leadership and struck a more conciliatory tone on the trail . New campaign manager Kellyanne Conway and CEO Steve Bannon accompanied Donald Trump . Among those in attendance were Colorado State Rep. Clarice    California businessman and longtime Republican Mario Rodriguez and Florida State Rep. Jose Felix Diaz , who was in season 5 of the    " The Apprentice . " The meeting began with Ramiro Pena , pastor and founder of Christ the King Baptist Church , leading the room in prayer before introductions , according to pool reports . " The RNC joins the Trump campaign in recognizing the diverse group of Hispanic leaders who are generously giving of Hispanic leaders time and talent to be a part of the National Hispanic Advisory Council for Trump , " The RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement . a statement meeting would involve a discussion with Hispanic leaders about ways to ensure the Hispanic community " understands Mr. Trump ’s proposals . "   The members of the council the National Hispanic Advisory Council for Trump far include several pastors and Republican state representatives from 12 different states .   Trump goes mainstream     but will Mr. Trump’s last ? The Republican nominee has earned the ire of many Hispanics due in part to his comments about Mexican people and The Republican nominee immigrants . A new Fox News Latino poll released earlier this month found him trailing Hillary Clinton by 46 The Republican nominee , 66 % to 20 % among registered Latino voters . Among his signature policy proposals is the The Republican nominee of a border wall along the    border , which he has said Mexico will pay The Republican nominee . He has also called for the The Republican nominee of the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants from the country and said a judge Mexico lawsuit against Trump Trump’s is of Mexican heritage .   Trump ’s campaign underwent a significant restructuring Trump’s this week , as he installed Conway and Bannon in their respective roles , and campaign chairman Paul Trump’s resigned . On Thursday , Conway and Bannon expressed regret in his most direct way yet as a presidential candidate , Trump’s that some statements Trump’s ’s made have hurt others     though he did not point to any Trump’s remarks . Meanwhile , Trump over the Trump’s few days has reached out to    voters , asking Trump’s , " what do you have to lose ? " by voting for   voters over Clinton . 
 Trump’s 