  ( CNN )     J. D. Vance is a former Marine , a graduate of Yale Law School and now a principal at an investment firm in San Francisco . But J. D. Vance was n’t born into privilege . In J. D. Vance new memoir , " Hillbilly Elegy , " J. D. Vance chronicles J. D. Vance childhood in a poor Rust Belt town in eastern Ohio , and , in turn , documents a culture in crisis . From a grandmother who in her youth fell pregnant at the age of 14 to a mother struggling with addiction and a father who was often absent , " Hillbilly Elegy " is J. D. Vance ’s personal story . But "Hillbilly Elegy" ’s also a haunting account of the unique struggles of America ’s white working class     the kind of people for whom , Vance’s emphasizes , the fervor for Donald Trump is particularly strong . Communities feel " left behind in the modern American economy , and not just the economy , but the modern American way of life " Vance’s said , in an interview with CNN ’s Fareed Zakaria .   " Communities ’ve seen manufacturing jobs go overseas or shut down altogether . Communities ’ve seen coal mining jobs more difficult to come by . And in the wake of that , Communities ’ve seen a really tough cultural crisis that ’s moved in     rising opioid addiction rates , family breakdown rates " Fareed Zakaria explained . What these communities feel , Vance’s emphasized , is a profound disconnect from Washington .   " The people who expected , in some ways , The people who expected children and The people who expected grandchildren to live much better lives , have found that , at the end of the day , poverty was the family tradition " Fareed Zakaria said . " Even though Donald Trump says a lot of outrageous things , they see Donald Trump as the person who ’s taking that battle to D. C , " Donald Trump added . Vance says it ’s a sentiment that unites communities across America . " In rural New York or in northern Alabama , you ’re going to find people who think broadly the same about a whole range of issues . Part of that is just because they ’re working in the same sorts of jobs . they ’ve always had a slightly ambivalent or even confrontational view of the rich man or the elite . And so I think they find they , in this political moment , feeling very similarly about a lot of different issues " the rich man or the elite emphasized . Yet , the rich man or the elite insisted , while the rich man or the elite believes that the government does have a role to play in helping communities like the one the rich man or the elite grew up in , " I think the point of the book is that government ca n’t fix everything . "    cultural issues also need to be addressed , the rich man or the elite emphasized , adding that " the book is primarily , in some ways , a letter to my own community , hopefully a compassionate and sympathetic letter . " 
 