Vice President Joe Biden campaigned for Hillary Clinton in Warren , Ohio today , but Vice President Joe Biden admitted that some of the middle class workers present were " mad " at the former First Lady . [ " By the way , you know , I know some of you are mad at Hillary . I know some of you look at Hillary and say   …     " Vice President Joe Biden began as Vice President Joe Biden trailed off .   Vice President Joe Biden emphasized that Clinton would stand for the American worker and for labor unions . " Let me tell you something , man , Hillary gets it and Hillary never yields , Hillary does not break , " Vice President Joe Biden said .   But Vice President Joe Biden Vice President Joe Biden that the Democrats in power had n’t fully fulfilled their the Democrats in power to working Americans . " It is still a struggle , " he Vice President Joe Biden . " The thing that I criticize in my party [ for ] if anything , while we ’re worrying about getting everybody off their knees , couples making $ 70 , 000 , $ 80 , 000 , $ 90 , 000 a year with two kids are still struggling , man . It ’s hard . It It really hard . " Biden tried to emphasize to the workers present that Republicans would never help the middle class , because they Republicans the auto bailout . " You ’re making the best damn cars in the world again , " he Biden . He Biden argued that the auto unions helped save the auto industry rather than destroy it the auto industry " The UAW   —    You all contributed the most , " he Biden . " You gave the most at the office , as they say , to resurrect this the auto industry " He Biden tried to mock Donald Trump by trying to cram two separate images into the same sentence . " This is a guy born with a silver spoon in his Biden that he Biden choking on because now his Biden is in his Biden his mouth the spoon , " he Biden , staring at the teleprompter . Maybe Biden should avoid     jokes   …      pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) September 1 , 2016 ,   The joke drew some snickering on Twitter as even a former Obama speech writer criticized the writing . " I feel like we can workshop this and then we ’ll really we something , " Jon Lovett wrote , highlighting Biden ’s remark on Twitter . 
 Twitter 