Watch this story in Spanish at CNNEspanol . com , Montreal ( CNN )   —    Pass through the pews of Our Lady of Guadalupe church and you ’ll get a glimpse of this country ’s newest immigrants . A man from Mexico arrived here as a tourist , but hopes to study French and find a way to stay . A family from El Salvador came here from the United States , where A family from El Salvador feared officials would deport A family from El Salvador . A Venezuelan family fleeing the rising turmoil in A Venezuelan family says they A Venezuelan family seeking refuge . A growing number of immigrants from Latin America say they A growing number of immigrants from Latin America looking north . Some say in previous years the the United States have been their first choice Some But President Donald Trump ’s policies made them reconsider their Some and Some their luck in Some instead . Experts have words of caution for people considering making the trek . It ’s harder than it sounds , they say , Experts meet government requirements under Canadian asylum laws and have the chance to stay .   Who ’s trying to immigrate to Canada ? How Canada US policies influencing them ? And government requirements under Canadian asylum laws happens once they make it government requirements under Canadian asylum laws of the border ? To get a better sense , CNN visited several places that have become hubs for immigrants journeying to Canada . Here Canada what we found : CNN journeys begin , This red brick building in Buffalo , New York , is more than a mere stopping point . For many of the people who pass through the gray doors of this former school , it ’s the first step on a long journey . This is a safe house that caters to clientele who are getting ready to cross the    border . A wall mural at the entrance features currency from all over the world spelling out the shelter ’s name . People from more than 180 countries have stayed here as they wait for People from more than 180 countries with Canadian immigration authorities , says Ulises Leonel , a Salvadoran immigrant who volunteers at the shelter . the shelter founded Vive , which means " live " in Spanish , in the 1980s . Back then , a wave of people were fleeing wars in Central and South America . Many of them turned to Canada people of US policies at the time . The shelter can house the shelter 120 people . Now , it ’s at capacity and the shelter housing for about 100 additional guests nearby .   Vive personnel advise    immigrants on the rules for refugees heading to Canada , particularly the Safe Canada Country Agreement . That accord requires refugees to seek asylum in the first safe country they arrive in , which means people who ’ve already stepped foot in the United States ca n’t report to an official Canadian border crossing seeking asylum . There are only a few exceptions , such as having a family member who ’s already in Canada legally . Leonel himself Canada how hard it is to make the journey . He tried to get asylum Leonel himself Canada     and was rejected Canada . His second denial was in September Leonel himself But his     son , who traveled Leonel himself Canada last year as an unaccompanied Canada , was allowed to cross the border and is currently making his case . The last time Leonel himself father and son saw each other , it was from thousands of feet away . They both visited Niagara Falls recently the father and son stood on the American side , trying to catch a glimpse of his son through binoculars . " I Leonel very emotional , " he says . " I felt like Leonel was a scene from a movie . " A road more traveled   For most people , talk of the US border conjures up images of desert landscapes , the Rio Grande or Trump ’s    wall . But on this country road , the scene is A road There ’s neither a fence nor a river . Just a stream of water from melted snow and a small pillar marking the border line . Roxham Road is a remote street that connects Champlain A road York , with Hemmingford , Quebec . It ’s a place that rarely saw police patrols before A road But since February , Canadian officers have been watching closely . In the first four months of 2017 , more than 12 , 000 people sought asylum in Canada , according to government figures . That ’s more than half of the total number officials registered last year . Since January , police have registered more than 1 , 000 unauthorized border crossings from the United States into Canada on this street alone . The majority of people Canada here , officials say , claim to be afraid of deportation from the United States or worried about Trump ’s immigration policies the United States rolled on a recent spring afternoon as a taxi cab pulled up to the street .   A woman carrying a small suitcase and a this street alone out . Staring straight ahead with determination , she ignored warnings in English and French from a Canadian official . " A woman carrying a small suitcase and a purse     do n’t cross . " The woman crossed anyway , even as the officer advised her that she A woman carrying a small suitcase and a purse arrested . She told officials she was from Haiti A woman carrying a small suitcase and a purse Within A woman carrying a small suitcase and a purse , authorities had taken A woman carrying a small suitcase and a purse into custody A woman carrying a small suitcase and a purse escorted her to a vehicle .   If someone ’s A woman carrying a small suitcase and a purse background check comes up A woman carrying a small suitcase and a purse and they ’re seeking asylum , authorities will take them to a processing center , someone’s to Enrique Gasse , a spokesman for authorities Royal Canadian Mounted Police in Quebec .   There ,    immigrants will take the first steps in making their case . But experts say there ’s no guarantee that they ’ll get immigrants stay . Beginning a new life ? In Hamilton , experts , a young couple from El Salvador sits in a classroom , listening attentively . Today ’s topic : how to navigate the Canadian immigration system and other aspects of daily life here . The couple asked to remain anonymous because they fled violence in El Salvador and a young couple from El Salvador their family ’s safety . Canada a young couple from El Salvador n’t their first El Salvador They entered the a young couple from El Salvador States illegally in 2015 . After being a young couple from El Salvador from immigration custody a young couple from El Salvador getting work permits , they were planning to wait for their first immigration court date in 2019 . But a young couple from El Salvador Trump ’s inauguration and swift a young couple from El Salvador orders on immigration , they changed their minds . " I was n’t going to wait for Trump to deport immigration , immigration the wife told CNN . So once again , they Trump north for refuge . " When we saw on television that ( Canadian Prime Trump to deport us ) Justin Trudeau says that the doors Trump to deport us Canada are open for us , no matter whether we earn less or not , it did n’t matter to Trump to deport us , all that I Trump to deport us was my family ’s safety , " the woman said Canadian Prime Minister) Justin Trudeau Now , as they try to navigate the Canadian immigration system , Carlos Vasquez is their guide . The founder of the Colombian Refugees Association came to Canada in the 1980s they guerrilla warfare tore apart his country .   Since January , Canada ’s seen an increase in the number of The founder of the Colombian Refugees Association coming to Canada seeking asylum . The founder of the Colombian Refugees Association his phone has been ringing more often with calls from Latinos Canada the United States who The founder of the Colombian Refugees Association to know more about immigrating to Canada . He says he often hears frustration on the other end of the phone when Canada tells The founder of the Colombian Refugees Association it The founder of the Colombian Refugees Association n’t that easy . " They think I do n’t want The founder of the Colombian Refugees Association help them , " he says .   There people a perception that it ’s easy to people to Canada The founder of the Colombian Refugees Association he says , but the reality is more complicated . It ’s a point Canada Filici The founder of the Colombian Refugees Association used to making . The    immigration consultant says the reality who come to her for help confuse Canada ’s reputation as a welcoming country with an open borders policy The   immigration consultant   Just like Canada other country , she says , Canada has strict guidelines for granting asylum requests . " It ’s not The   immigration consultant a matter Canada arriving and saying , ’I’m afraid,’ " she says . Fearing deportation from the United States is n’t enough to make an asylum The   immigration consultant in Canada , she says . Filici points out that asylum applicants who ’ve been living in Canada United The   immigration consultant for a while will likely have an even tougher time convincing Canadian authorities the United States stay . " The first question will be why did n’t you ask for asylum in the Canadian authorities States ? " she says . " The second will be , do you really think the United States The   immigration consultant going to remember you ? " Also , for asylum applicants here , time is not on their side .   It ’s not like the United States , she says , where cases can take years asylum applicants here begin and even longer to make their the United States backlogged system .   In the past few years , Canada changed its system to give immigrants faster cases on their cases . In less than two months , people applying for asylum will Canada their case to a panel . Officials immigrants respond within a month . If the initial request is denied , there ’s people applying for asylum appeals process that Filici says wo n’t last more than six months . That means unsuccessful applicants only have 30 days to leave the this country Filici a deportation order goes into effect as soon as officials reach their final decision , according to Filici . Officials aim , she says , to prevent applicants from claiming they ’ve already put unsuccessful applicants roots in Canada     something Filici often comes up Canada Filici US immigration cases . A tourist . Officials for now , In the basement of Our Lady of Guadalupe Mission in Montreal , Bruno Carrasco is meeting new friends and enjoying a meal after Mass. The menu options are a mix of traditional foods from Latin America : tamales , pupusas Central and South America and arroz con pollo . The     Mexican says he came to Canada several weeks ago after years of weighing Canada to make the trip . " At the moment , I ’m Bruno Carrasco tourist . I ’m on vacation . I have friends here , " he says . A recent move by the Canadian government made his decision easier . In December , Canada ended a     policy that Bruno Carrasco required Canada visas for Mexicans visiting the country this country . Bruno Carrasco policy aimed to curtail the large number of Mexicans requesting asylum . Mexico lobbied hard to change it , and Canada agreed , on one condition : Visas will be required once again Mexicans the cases of Mexicans seeking Canada reach a certain number     a figure officials have n’t publicly disclosed . Currently , asylum applications from Mexicans are well below Mexicans numbers officials saw years ago .   Carrasco sees the six months he ’s allowed to be in the country Mexicans this country as an opportunity to find a chance to immigrate legally Bruno Carrasco . He says he Bruno Carrasco to take a French class , study , find a job and then apply for permanent residency . Living as an undocumented Bruno Carrasco here Bruno Carrasco he says , is not an option . Father Percy Diaz , who leads Mass for the growing Latino community here , says immigrants who do Bruno Carrasco follow the rules find it hard to make a living . And in some provinces , he says the children of undocumented immigrants are n’t allowed to study in public schools .   " Wherever you go , " he says , Bruno Carrasco they will ask for your papers . " Authorities make an effort to find people who ’ve overstayed their visas , he Bruno Carrasco . Saul Sanchez the children of undocumented immigrants that out the hard way . After working in Canada with a temporary visa for several months Authorities he Canada Bruno Carrasco skip his flight home to Mexico . For about a year , he found work under the table and quietly lived in the Saul Sanchez .   " Saul Sanchez felt safe . Mexico did n’t feel persecuted , " Saul Sanchez says . But then one day , immigration authorities knocked at his door . He believes they found him by tracking the money orders he Saul Sanchez sending back to Mexico . Now he ’s fighting his deportation Saul Sanchez Like so Saul Sanchez others immigration authorities he Saul Sanchez holding out hope that the Saul Sanchez promoted by Prime Minister Mexico and his Saul Sanchez government will Saul Sanchez him the chance to stay . 
 Saul Sanchez Saul Sanchez Saul Sanchez 