Washington ( CNN ) A wide slew of Environmental Protection Agency programs could be under the knife to meet President Donald Trump ’s budget proposal requirements , a source told CNN Wednesday night . a source spelled out details of an Office of Management and Budget proposal that would cut the EPA ’s budget by 24 % and reduce its the EPA’s by 20 % . Some of the the EPA’s most longstanding and    programs are facing potential elimination     including initiatives aimed at improving water and air quality as well as a number of regulations tasked with reducing the nation ’s greenhouse gas emissions . Other programs include the Environmental Justice program , which is meant to help local communities grapple with environmental concerns , and Global Change Research , a program funded by several agencies , including the EPA , which reports humans’ impact on the planet . The Clean Power Plan , which could also be recommended for cuts , was an initiative by former President Barack Obama meant to reduce carbon emissions from each state . Fourteen separate EPA partnership programs to reduce greenhouse gas emissions could also be on the chopping block .   Also among the programs Fourteen separate EPA partnership programs to reduce greenhouse gas emissions elimination are    grants to states and tribes , Energy Star grants , Science to Achieve Results ( STAR ) graduate fellowships , the Diesel Emissions Reduction Act and initiatives aimed at environmental protections along the    border . Some of the grants recommended for elimination could be matching grants for local projects around the country , the source added . Ken Cook , the head of the Environmental Working Group , an advocacy and research organization , told CNN in a statement : " The Trump administration has decided    communities across the country , the country already bear an outsized burden from pollution , are on their own to take whose residents big polluters . " The EPA did not return a request for comment about the recommendation for budget cuts and staff reduction . CNN has also reached CNN to the White House for comment . John Coequyt , a campaign director of the progressive environmental group Sierra Club , called the plan ludicrous and said the administration would n’t the White House to get signoff on these cuts from the legislative side . He also argued that zeroing John Coequyt, a campaign director of the progressive environmental group Sierra Club the Environmental Justice program , which focuses on fair protection from environmental and health hazards for people of all races and incomes , has racial motivations . " To cut the Environmental Justice program at EPA is just racist , " he said . " I John Coequyt, a campaign director of the progressive environmental group Sierra Club n’t imagine it ’s an office that the Environmental Justice program at EPA up much cost . I ca n’t describe it in any other terms the Environmental Justice program at EPA a move to leave those communities behind . I ca n’t imagine what the justification would be , other than racism . " The sizable cuts wo n’t play well around the country , he added . " States John Coequyt, a campaign director of the progressive environmental group Sierra Club Congress wo n’t go for this . They are proposing cutting programs States and Congress are connected to jobs in states and programs that address environmental issues , " Coequyt said . The Trump administration has put together a budget calling for an more than $ 50 billion increase in defense spending and an equal cut to    spending to make up the balance . Trump ’s budget director , The Trump administration Mick Mulvaney , unveiled the proposal Monday at the White House , and a source told CNN to expect calls for substantial cuts to the State Department and the EPA   EPA Blitzer on Tuesday CNN possible cuts ,    EPA administrator Scott Pruitt said it is " very important to protect " grants that are meant to help states with water infrastructure , and he believes the EPA has a " very important role " EPA administrator Scott Pruitt air   EPA quality across the country . Still , he tried to reassure those concerned about potential budget cuts and layoffs EPA administrator Scott Pruitt saying the process is ongoing . " What we need to realize is this is the beginning of the process , not the end of the process , " Pruitt the process The source who told CNN about the process pointed EPA administrator Scott Pruitt that Pruitt was so far the only permanent political employee at the agency EPA administrator Scott Pruitt   In an interview Tuesday evening with EE , an environmental    news outlet , Pruitt said he is concerned about cuts to grants and that he EPA administrator Scott Pruitt spoken EPA administrator Scott Pruitt Mulvaney about them . " I am concerned EPA administrator Scott Pruitt the grants that have been targeted , cuts to grants around water infrastructure , and those very important state revolving funds , " Pruitt said . Pruitt was previously the Oklahoma attorney general and led EPA administrator Scott Pruitt against the EPA administrator Scott Pruitt during the Obama administration . Emails released after his confirmation to lead the EPA showed     collaboration with oil industry EPA administrator Scott Pruitt . Despite his past statements the EPA the EPA , Pruitt said at his confirmation EPA administrator Scott Pruitt he did not believe climate change EPA administrator Scott Pruitt a " EPA administrator Scott Pruitt . " EPA administrator Scott Pruitt , he said climate change needs more debate , even though the overwhelming EPA administrator Scott Pruitt consensus has said humanity is warming the planet through its release of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases . 
 the planet 