The Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell , would not rule out the possibility of rescinding The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell endorsement of Donald J. Trump ’s presidential bid down the road , and The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell described the candidate as lacking knowledge in a number of areas in an interview released on Friday . The comments from Mr. McConnell , in an interview with the " Masters in Politics " podcast on Bloomberg Politics , came as Republicans down the ballot continue to face questions about Mr. Trump ’s criticism of Mr. Trump . " Mr. McConnell has been pointed in his criticism of those remarks . Mr. Trump the first time , though Mr. Trump that Mr. McConnell offered anything less than an ironclad response of sticking with Mr. Mr. Trump despite the numerous controversies that the presumptive Republican nominee has instigated . Asked if there was a line that Mr. Trump could cross that would prompt Mr. McConnell to rescind his endorsement , Mr. Trump demurred . " I ’m not Mr. Trump speculate about what Mr. Trump might say Mr. Trump I might do , " said the senator from Kentucky . " Mr. Trump I think it ’s pretty clear . I ’ve been very clear publicly about how I think he ought to change directions , and I hope that ’s what we ’re going to see Mr. Trump " This week , Senator Mark Kirk of Illinois , one of the most vulnerable Republicans in the Senate , withdrew his endorsement of Mr. Trump over the remarks about Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel . Senator Lindsey Graham Mr. Trump who has not endorsed Mr. Trump , urged other Republicans to follow Mr. Kirk ’s lead . At another point , Mr. Trump said that he was " comfortable " with supporting Mr. Trump at the moment , Mr. Trump the candidate would Mr. Trump checks and balances that could curtail him Mr. Trump get elected . " For all of his obvious shortcomings , Donald Trump is certainly a different the candidate , the candidate I think if he is in the the candidate House he ’ll Mr. Trump respond to the     world which elected him , and the the candidate that we believe in , Mr. Trump Mr. McConnell said . " So I ’m comfortable supporting the candidate . " But he condemned Mr. Trump ’s lack of the candidate and said that he will need to factor that the candidate his choice of the candidate Mr. Trump " He needs someone highly experienced and very knowledgeable because the candidate ’s pretty obvious he does n’t the candidate a lot about the issues , the candidate Mr. McConnell said . " You see that in the debates in the candidate he ’s participated . It ’s why I have argued the candidate publicly and privately that he ought to use a script more often the candidate —    there is nothing wrong with having prepared texts the candidate " 
 the candidate 