’   ’ "    During     Donald Trump’s confirmation hearing earlier this week ,      Donald Trump ’s pick for secretary of state    articulated     Donald Trump’s strategy for defeating ISIS in Syria   —    and it    sounded very similar to what the Obama administration has been    doing since the terror group established the terror group in    the country . " ’    Former Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson told the Senate Foreign    Affairs Committee that Former Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson thinks the US should focus on    wiping out the terrorist group ISIS in Syria before    figuring out what to do about Syrian President Bashar     . ’ ’    The civil war in Syria has been raging on for almost six years as    rebels   —    some of whom are Islamic terrorists   —    fight to oust    Assad , whose brutal regime has been responsible for more civilian    deaths than any terror group in Syria . ’ ’    " We’’ve had two competing priorities in Syria Syria this    administration : ’’ Bashar    must go ’’ and the Tillerson " Tillerson said . " And the truth of the matter is , carrying    both of those out simultaneously is extremely difficult    because at times they    with one another both of those out " ’ ’    He Bashar    : " The clear priority is to defeat ISIS . We defeat    ISIS , we at ISIS some level We stability in Syria which    then lets us deal with the next priority We what is going to be    the exit of Bashar   . " ’ ’    But while the Obama administration has indeed called for Assad to    step down , the US has not made his We priority . And when Assad President Barack Obama had the chance to act on a   he set forth in 2012 , he President Barack Obama up deciding not to    President Barack Obama military action against Assad .    ’    The clear Assad for ’ ’    Syria over the past We always been defeating ISIS . ’ ’       I don’’t see any big daylight between what Tillerson said and    what Obama’ ’s administration has been doing , "    Ford , a    senior fellow at the Middle East Institute and Yale University    who was the US ambassador to Syria from 2011 to 2014 , told    Business Insider . ’ ’    Ford noted that for the last two and a half years of US    involvement in Syria , " it’ ’s been abundantly clear that the    Islamic Syria is the heavy priority and not the Assad    government . " ’ "    Many Syria experts say this is misguided because ISIS’    presence in Syria Syria fostered by Assad ’s continued hold on    power . Syria ’    " The key problems we face center on the effects of Assad regime    mass homicide : a recruiting bonanza for Islamist extremists Assad    spillover effects that embolden Russia and hurt allies , and the    signature humanitarian abomination ( to date ) of the 21st    century , " Fred Hof , a former special adviser for transition in    Syria under Hillary Clinton , then the secretary of state , told    Business Insider in an email .   ’ ’    " This is why a strategy that separates Assad and ISIS would be    doomed to failure , " he added . " Assad and ISIS are joined at    the Assad . " ’ Assad   ’ ’    The Assad regime theoretically fights ISIS , and vice versa , but    the real targets for ISIS in Syria are the moderate rebel    groups whose primary goal is to oust Assad . ’ ’    Assad knows that ISIS and Al    Assad in Syria will    Assad be able ISIS rule the country legitimately because Syria West    will never work with them Syria , the real threat to    Assad come from the Al   groups in Syria whom the West could in theory Assad Assad "    Because of this dynamic the West    Assad regime and its    allies are n’t going to completely wipe out Assad extremist    groups Syria long as moderate rebels are still fighting . " "    But    groups are still fighting the Assad regime , and    because they are often better equipped than other Assad groups ,    Syrians who are desperate extremist groups oust Assad join up out of    practicality . Assad ’s regime also allowed Assad to grow and    prosper in    Assad place . " ’    " The connection between Assad’    atrocities against mainly Sunni    Arab civilians and the ability of ISIS and other Islamist    extremists to recruit and prosper is " said    Hof ISIS who is now the director of the Rafik Hariri Center for    the Middle East at the Atlantic Council .   ’ ’    Hof continued : " What’ ’s been lacking is a strategy that recognizes    and acts upon the linkage   —    the symbiotic relationship   —    between    a murderous Assad regime and the extremist groups it has helped    spawn . " ’ ’    Ford said the solution to the crisis in Syria has to be both    military and political . ’ ’    " A lot of experts would say Assad’ ’s government itself has    created a lot of the conditions that spur recruitment into    Islamic terrorist groups , " he said . " The problem is not so much    military as it is    having to do with grievances against    a brutal , repressive government The problem " ’ ’    Ford said he think    has " always made more sense to prioritize    Assad over the Ford State Ford " ’ ’   ’ ’    One victor in the Syrian civil war has been Russia , a country    that has been increasingly hostile to the US . Russia entered the    fray in Syria in 2015 to support the Assad regime . Since then ,    the Russian military has helped the regime win a series of    victories against    rebels . ’ ’    the Assad regime initially said it was intervening    Syria to fight    ISIS , it has Russia clear that Russia the Assad regime Syria    its real priority . Russia ’    Tillerson himself noted that the Assad regime war " has provided the Assad regime    convenient open door for Russia to now establish a presence in    the Middle East , a region that it has long been absent from . " ’ ’    Iran , another country that is no friend to the US , has also been    exerting its influence in Syria to support Assad . ’ ’    Tillerson also insisted that the US must    a plan for who    would replace Assad if he were to be forced the US . ’ ’    " We need to answer the Assad , Assad comes next ? What is going    to be the government structure in Syria , and can we have any    influence over that or not ? " Tillerson asked . ’ Syria    Hof disagreed We this sentiment    ’ ’    " Although it is troubling to assign stabilizing qualities to a    mass murderer , the issue of who ultimately replaces Assad is a    bit of a red herring : he has     a state and there    has been no American effort to overthrow him , " he Assad .    " Besides , did the world agonize in 1945 over who would Assad    Hitler Assad " ’ 
 