Washington ( CNN ) For Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson , the question is : Now what ? Mainstream party offerings Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have proven controversial and unpopular . Poll after poll has shown voters were unsatisfied and willing to consider another option . Making sure to stress these facts constantly , Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson presented Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson as the most plausible alternative .   But Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson has n’t caught fire     a    poll found a third of likely voters said likely voters did not know who Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson was     and now an embarrassing moment on live TV could be Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson ultimate downfall .    " If it is kissing my chances goodbye , so be it , " Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson told Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson News’ Neil Cavuto of the incident . Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson day began on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " where the Libertarian was about what he Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson do to resolve the crisis in Aleppo , a Syrian city at the heart of the nation ’s civil war . Johnson Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson , " What is Aleppo ? " The questioner , Mike Barnicle , said , " You ’re kidding . " And Johnson Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson , no , he Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson not kidding .   Gary Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson ’What is Aleppo?’ The gaffe was instant fodder for cable news and a hit online . It signaled The gaffe weakness for Johnson on Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson policy and underscored the perceived novelty of his campaign Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson Moreover , it came The gaffe the race has briefly focused on national security .   Johnson released Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson mea culpa later in the day in the form of a statement , admitting , " I blanked . " Later in the morning , he appeared Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson ABC ’s " The View . " One of the questions : " If someone had a gun to your head would you vote for Hillary or Trump ? " " I would let it go off , " Johnson responded Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson Asked about being a possible Ralph    spoiler , Johnson said Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson " Well , I genuinely believe that I have the opportunity to win at this point . " National support lagging , Johnson and Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson Libertarian groups have have stepped up their efforts Johnson and allied Libertarian groups fundraising and ad purchases . But as of yet , his breakout Ralph    failed to materialize .   His polling Ralph    all over the place . The latest    poll found Johnson and Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson running Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson Bill Weld securing 7 % support among likely voters . But a Quinnipiac University poll of swing states released Thursday has him at a Quinnipiac University poll of swing states released Thursday % in North Carolina and 14 % in Ohio . He was a Quinnipiac University poll of swing states released Thursday clearly a factor in Florida , where Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were tied at 43 % and Johnson commanded 8 % of likely voters . In the face of recent polling , Johnson campaign Johnson Joe Hunter told CNN the campaign would try to get into Ohio and Ohio Carolina , but said there would be no change in strategy for the campaign in the face of the " Aleppo " comment . Those state numbers are enough to have a major impact on the election between Clinton and Trump , but he needs Clinton % nationally to qualify for the presidential debates beginning later this month . This is a relatively large increase from his position Clinton 2012 , when Johnson first ran for president and captured about 1 % of the popular vote , but it is a far cry from anything approaching viability .   The Commission on Presidential Debates     which Johnson , Johnson with Green Party nominee Jill Stein , sued     has an established threshold of 15 % support among an average of five national polls to qualify for the debates . Johnson made Johnson from the outset his goal Johnson to secure an invitation . Asked by Fox News’ Chris Wallace in late August about what exclusion from the debates the debates , Johnson said Johnson " I would say game over . "   The first debate is September 26 , the cutoff point for the qualifying period is looming and short of a stunning upset , Johnson will Johnson be on the stage . CNN ’s Political Prediction Market , a game in partnership with a company called Pivit that uses polls , player input and other factors to predict where the election will go , has also indicated dwindling chances for Johnson . Johnson market ’s assessment of any third party candidate ’s chances of making the debate stage has cratered over the past few weeks , dropping from 48 % to about 3 % as of   . Republicans are n’t flocking , Johnson failed Johnson break out from obscurity when he ran Johnson president in 2012 . But when he accepted Johnson party Johnson nomination in May , he said Johnson time was going to be different . Outside of the contempt many people had for Trump and Clinton , Johnson would Johnson Weld , a former Massachusetts governor , at his side Johnson He pitched Johnson as more than a running mate , but essentially an equal and said they planned to Weld, a former Massachusetts governor a " " should he win Johnson White House . Though this seemed to have been bourne out of Johnson ’s Johnson admiration for Weld , it Weld lent this seemed to have been bourne out of Johnson to his candidacy Johnson   Weld had once Weld a significant Republican fundraiser and had a connection to a man who had followed in his footsteps , Weld Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , the 2012 Republican presidential nominee .   Romney has been Weld the most outspoken voice within the Republican Party against Trump , and his endorsement could Weld been a major boon to the    ticket . But his endorsement never his endorsement He told CNN Weld Wolf Blitzer in June that he would have Weld Weld for president , but that he did n’t Weld enough about Johnson and was turned off by his former    challenger Johnson enthusiasm for marijuana legalization . Johnson said he eventually Johnson with Johnson , and in August said he did not expect Johnson ’s support . Romney come through for Romney ticket at least once , however . In a tweet on Tuesday , Romney said he hoped Johnson Romney Weld Romney Johnson to join the national debates . In a statement after the tweet , Johnson said he was Johnson gratified Johnson Romney had joined those calling Romney his party ’s inclusion Johnson the debates . " He the national debates ruing Johnson he wrote , " Johnson said on Fox Johnson afternoon . Johnson 