’   ’ ’    Rep. Ted W. Lieu and Sen. Edward J. Markey , both Democrats ,    introduced legislation on Tuesday that would forbid President Donald Trump from launching a nuclear strike without first having Congress    declare war . ’ ’    Rep. Ted W. Lieu and Sen. Edward J. Markey, both Democrats,   introduced legislation on Tuesday that would forbid the president   from launching a nuclear strike without first having Congress   declare war expresses clear doubts in President Donald Trump’ ’s       , with the lawmakers saying   " the crucial issue of nuclear ’’ first use ’’    is more urgent than ever now that President Donald Trump has the    power to launch a nuclear war at a moment ’s notice . " ’ ’    " It is a frightening reality that the US now has a       who has demonstrated ignorance of the nuclear    triad , stated his desire to be ‘ unpredictable’ with nuclear    weapons , and as    was making sweeping statements    about US    policy over Twitter , " the statement continues ,    apparently referencing    moment in a Republican primary    debate in which Trump . ’ ’    As it stands , the president has    access to a " " and may launch nuclear weapons at    any given    without approval . Meanwhile , Congress has not    declared war since World War II . ’ " executive director of the   issued a statement praising Lieu and Markey    for writing their bill , Lieu and Markey    told Business Insider it ’s    Business Insider they would have Lieu and Markey    before or after Trump ’s    inauguration .    ’    " This is a message bill . It ’s intended This express concern about    the fact that Donald Trump of Trump has access to the    nuclear weapons codes that can launch up to 900 nuclear weapons    in 10 minutes without any other official needing to review and    approve , " Kimball said . ’ ’   ’ ’    " The fundamental purpose of US nuclear weapons is to deter a    nuclear attack , " Kimball said . " Kimball not intended to be used    in response to or preempt a conventional attack or chemical or    biological weapons attack . " ’ "    The bill would only limit Trump ’s ability to launch a strike    first . As a vital part of US nuclear deterrence , the president    can authorize a strike in retaliation , or when the US receives    intelligence that enemy nukes are inbound . " ’    " What the bill highlights is the undemocratic nature of the    process by which the     can launch a    devastating strike involving nuclear weapons and all but invite a    devastating response against US forces , " said Kimball .   ’ 
 