Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton reiterated Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton campaign ’s bizarre conspiracy theory Monday that Russia is working with Donald Trump to steal the 2016 election . [ " If you find a turtle on a fence post , a turtle on a fence post did n’t get there by accident , " Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton told journalists on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton new campaign jet . " I think her new campaign jet ’s quite intriguing that this activity has happened around the time Donald Trump became the nominee . "   Call it the new McCarthyism : from " Vast    Conspiracy " to " Reds Under the Bed . " No , as Charles Lane of the Washington Post pointed out on Fox News’ Special Report later that day , the Russians are no longer communists . But the structure of the argument works the same way as the structure of the argument did when leftists were being hauled in front of the House    Activities Committee . Trump is being asked to prove a negative   —    i. e. that Trump is not working with the Russians . It is 2016 ’s version of Obama ’s false 2012 claims that Mitt Romney killed a man ’s wife , or did n’t pay his Mitt Romney . The Clinton campaign ’s Russia conspiracy theory ought to be rejected outright   —    and Clinton Clinton to be shamed for making it Russia conspiracy theory for three basic reasons . 1 . There is not one real shred of evidence to substantiate the Russia conspiracy theory Clinton Clinton reporters that Trump " urged the Russians to hack more . " She Clinton referring to a joke Trump told during Trump " press conference   —    the kind of freewheeling press conference she Clinton refuses to have   —    after being hectored about Russians allegedly hacking Russians Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) . That ’s all she Clinton : a joke , which is being spun by the media and the Clinton campaign into a smoking gun . 2 . The conspiracy theory overlooks Clinton ’s own Clinton policy . Part of the conspiracy theory rests on the idea that Trump will pursue a policy of engagement with Vladimir Putin . It is a bad idea   —    but it is an idea first championed by Hillary Clinton herself Clinton she Clinton the " Clinton " with Russia as Secretary of State . The result of that policy was Russian aggression in Europe and the Middle East . Pressed by ABC News’ Martha Raddatz on that point , Clinton ’s running mate Clinton Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) protested that no one in America was responsible for Russia ’s actions   —    negating his own campaign ’s Clinton . 3 . Clinton allowed Russia to Clinton 20 Russia of U. S. uranium , thanks to a Clinton Foundation donation . One of the most damning allegations to emerge from the Clinton Foundation scandal is that the Secretary of State allowed 20 % of America ’s uranium to be sold to a Russian company controlled by the Russian government after Russia to Bill Clinton for a the Clinton Foundation several donations to the family charity from the company ’s chair . Given actual evidence of Clinton working with Vladimir Putin the Clinton Foundation undermine America ’s national interest , America to be wary the Clinton Foundation accusing others . It may be true that Russia hacked the DNC , and it may even be true that Russia wants to interfere in the election on Russia ’s behalf ( or not ) . But presuming Trump to be conspiring with Russia is pure Trump   —    and Russia to be called that . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : Joel B. Pollak Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 