  ( CNN ) The latest on Trump and Syria , plus the details of a big hack NOT involving Russia . Here ’s what you need to know to Get Up to Speed and Out the Door . 1 . Trump transition , Before Trump takes office , Trump ’s going to have to take a seat for a deposition . A DC Superior Court Judge ruled Trump must answer questions in an ongoing lawsuit between Trump and a celebrity chef . Trump sued Jose Andres for breach of contract after Jose Andres pulled out of a restaurant deal at Trump new DC hotel because of disparaging comments Trump Trump during his Trump . 2 . Tennessee fires   Two juveniles have been charged with arson in the recent Tennessee Tennessee that killed 14 and ravaged the resort town of Gatlinburg . Everything is " on the table " according to a prosecutor , including possible charges of 1st degree murder . If convicted , the youths could face life in prison .   3 . Aleppo , After some false starts and broken promises , evacuations and an even newer ceasefire plan are finally underway in Aleppo Aleppo There are still snags : According to activists , an evacuation convoy came under fire from Syrian forces as it an evacuation convoy trying to leave the falling city . A resident gave CNN a horrifying account of the scene in eastern Aleppo Aleppo saying it a horrifying account of the scene in eastern Aleppo like a " slaughterhouse . "   4 . Yahoo , Yahoo Yahoo Wednesday that a security breach may have compromised more than one BILLION accounts . No , it Yahoo not deja vu . A similar thing happened in September , and Yahoo Yahoo this a security breach completely different than the previous one . What a mess . Here ’s what to do if you think your account got hacked .   5 . China , China has reportedly China weapons on some islands in contested waters in the South China sea . This is worrisome to China ’s neighbors China the US . If you ’ll recall ,    Trump is n’t exactly cozy with China at the moment China and has made it clear he ’s open to   Trump our relationship with the country .   China , People are talking about these . Read up . Join in . Hundreds of commercial airline pilots could be depressed , study says , NOT the thing to read before jetting off on that business trip .   Legendary     jewel thief at it again   And she honestly does n’t care that she got caught .   she about boy who died in Santa ’s arms is in question , Could it have been too good Story about boy who died in Santa’s arms or sad ) to be true ?   Trump protester and supporter make up after clash at rally   What the world needs now is love , sweet love . .. Conjoined twins leave hospital for recovery   The baby boys were joined at the skull and have touched the world with their story the world . And The baby boys . .. This baby just wants to hear Biggie !   This is an oldie but a goodie . Who can resist a cranky baby with an ear for good rap ? ( Click to view ) 
 