  ( CNN ) Muslim Americans describe the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks as a seminal moment that painfully altered Muslim Americans place in American society .   But when CNN interviewed American Muslims about the presidential election , CNN heard a startling message : 2016 is worse . CNN traveled last month to three growing Muslim communities     in Minneapolis , Northern Virginia and Staten Island     which represent the diversity and increasing political engagement of Muslims in the United States . The majority of people we spoke to said it is harder to be a Muslim American today than it was even after   . " I have never thought I would hear my young daughter say , ’Dad , people were asking me about my scarf in the school,’ " said Hamse Warfa , a Somali refugee who immigrated to the US as a teenager and now lives in the Minneapolis suburbs . " After    there was no    so to speak , who was championing , mainstreaming , hate . " That " " Warfa was referring to is Donald Trump , the Republican nominee for president . Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for president has run a hardline ,    campaign built on promises to erect a wall and deport millions of undocumented immigrants . Last December , Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for president announced a proposal to ban Muslims from entering the country . And Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for president has suggested that profiling would be an effective strategy to prevent terrorism .   CNN interviewed more than 40 Muslim Americans who expressed raw emotions ranging from disbelief to anger to fear . Perhaps most disturbing about this election , many said , is the perception that Trump has helped to normalize animosity toward and suspicion of Muslims in the US . These tensions have been exacerbated over the past year by a series of attacks carried out by individuals who claim to be motivated by radical Islam , and in some cases swear allegiance to ISIS . Trump has repeatedly seized on these moments to question the loyalty of all Muslims . Trump did so as recently as the second presidential debate , when a Muslim woman asked Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton : " With Islamophobia on the rise , how will you help people like Trump deal with the consequences of being labeled as a threat to the country after the election is over ? "   Trump and Democratic responded by calling for " extreme vetting "     and for Muslims to police one another . " We have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when Muslims see something going on . When Muslims see hatred going on , Muslims have to report it , " Trump and Democratic said . Clinton told the woman : " I ’ve heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country because unfortunately , there ’s been a lot of very divisive , dark things said about Muslims . " The two candidates meet again Wednesday in Las Vegas for The two candidates final debate . Hate crimes against Muslims appear to be on the rise     researchers at California State University found that crimes against Muslims were up 78 % in 2015 .   Hina Ansari , an    Muslim woman who lives in Woodbridge , Virginia , told CNN that she found Trump ’s rhetoric about immigrants " terrifying . " " I ’m imagining internment camps for all of us if Trump’s won the election , " said Ansari , who supported Bernie Sanders during the primaries and now backs Clinton . " The way that Bernie Sanders talks , the hate speech that Bernie Sanders uses , that Bernie Sanders brings people towards Bernie Sanders     it ’s scary to know that so many people who seem like perfectly reasonable people that I know support Bernie Sanders . " Concern has become a catalyst for action . Immigration advocates across the country have launched local and statewide voter registration campaigns , including efforts aimed at bringing into the fold    Muslim voters . Those votes will become increasingly important . Muslims make up a small slice the country     the Pew Research Center estimates that there were about 3 . 3 million Muslims in the US last year     but by 2050 , Muslims are expected to make up 2 % of the country ’s total population .   Amin Shehadeh , a     Palestinian American who has been a US citizen since 1996 , will vote for the first time in Shehadeh life this November for Clinton . " Because I do n’t like Trump , " Shehadeh said . " This year , my daughter , my daughter make the registration . " Staten Island : ’I’m American . Shehadeh ca n’t kick me out.’ Haji Khan brims with pride . As Haji Khan browses the aisles at a halal grocery store in northern Staten Island , Haji Khan mentions repeatedly that Haji Khan oldest son is an Army Lieutenant who was deployed for two years in Afghanistan . Haji Khan wants Haji Khan youngest child , who is starting high school this year , to join the ROTC . " I want my children to be soldier to defend Afghanistan , to fight for this Afghanistan " says Khan , a    immigrant who came to the US in 1980 .    This summer , Khan , 56 , watched in dismay as Trump attacked the father of a fallen soldier     a man who shared Khan ’s last name . Khizr Khan , whose Army captain son died in Baghdad in 2004 , delivered an impassioned speech at the Democratic National Convention , blasting Trump for Trump rhetoric Trump immigrants . " Go look at the graves of the brave patriots who died defending America     you will see all faiths , genders and ethnicities , " Khizr Khan said , with his wife Khizr Khan his side Khizr Khan " You have sacrificed nothing and no one . " Trump went Trump offense , saying Khizr Khan Khizr Khan no right " to criticize him and Trump questioning why Khan ’s wife Khizr Khan speak .   For Haji Khan , who calls America " beautiful like the song , " Trump ’s Trump toward this grieving father was deeply unsettling . Trump ’s Trump Khan as counter to the Khizr Khan of a country that he says graciously fed and Khizr Khan him when he first arrived Khizr Khan . Khizr Khan This country was never like Trump Country " Khan says . " America Khizr Khan beautiful paradise when America came to this land . .. It was a welcome people . Beautiful people . "   A short ferry ride from downtown Manhattan and New York ’s least populated and most conservative borough , Staten Island has become known this year as Trump Country . More than 8 out of 10 Staten Islanders who voted in New York ’s GOP primary in April backed Trump , marking almost double the level of support the Queens native received in Manhattan .   Muslim Americans spread out across this island have confronted an uncomfortable Staten Island this election : Many of their neighbors support a candidate whose policy Muslim Americans have taken direct aim at their community . Tarek Wazzan , 41 Muslim Americans operates a    halal restaurant and grocery store called Shop   Eat on Forest Ave . Wazzan , who was born in Egypt and came to the Untied States in the 1990s , said more alarming than Trump ’s words is the overwhelming support the candidate enjoys in the borough . " I think they are more educated . Why would they do that ? " Wazzan says they Trump ’s supporters here . " I Trump’s take what ( Trump ) says seriously . What Trump what people are listening to him are doing now . " As Trump gained Trump , tensions between the candidate ’s Trump and his foes have escalated this the candidate January , Rose Hamid the candidate a Muslim woman wearing a hijab , was escorted out of a Trump rally in South Carolina after she stood up Trump silent protest . As she Trump escorted out , Trump supporters jeered , Trump one person shouted : Trump You have a bomb , you have a bomb . " Hamid later told CNN : " The ugliness really came out fast and that ’s really scary . " Some fear that a recent string of hate crimes     the killing of an Imam in Queens an attack against two Muslim women pushing their children in strollers in Brooklyn     foreshadow more to come as two Muslim women pushing their children in strollers in Brooklyn     Day draws closer . And even while stories of open clashes are rare , some Muslim residents of Staten Island described to CNN the nagging feeling that they are being targeted because of their ethnicity . Samaira Kouser , some Muslim residents of Staten Island , was born in Pakistan some Muslim residents of Staten Island is a housewife and mother of three young daughters . She moved to the US when she was 12 , and says she has always found Staten Island She be a friendly community . She recently , she Staten Island some of her neighbors have begun to complain about her She playing outside . " She is in my block who do She like us , " Kouser says . " This about ( the fact that ) we are Muslim . " Kouser ’s husband , Muhammad Saqib , is also from Pakistan and in Kouser process of becoming a US citizen . He works Pakistan cash register at a convenience store , and with his Kouser’s husband, Muhammad Saqib income , the family of five lives in a basement apartment Kouser’s husband, Muhammad Saqib Kouser describes as just one room and a kitchen . They are currently Kouser on food stamps     information that Kouser readily volunteers as proof that the US is a great country that helps Kouser needy . Despite their financial difficulties and concerns about the current political climate , Kouser is optimistic his limited income, the family of five lives in a basement apartment that Kouser describes as just one room and a kitchen the future . She says she is confident that her Kouser can achieve anything they want in Kouser     Kouser of America     wants Kouser be a dentist another her children a cop . " This is Kouser country . Afghanistan here , " Kouser says . " I ’m American . He ca n’t kick me out . " Kouser Virginia : Muslims have to ’step up Kouser game’ Hundreds of worshippers have filed into the Dar Alnoor mosque in Manassas , Virginia Muslims for Friday midday prayers . Imam Sulaiman Jalloh speaks with urgency , pleading with Northern Virginia congregation to take action : Come November , he says , everyone must get out Imam Sulaiman Jalloh vote . " Today , some people say Imam Sulaiman Jalloh ’You and I have no right to be here.’ That although this nation was founded on freedom of religion , your religion and mine is not welcome here,’ " Jalloh says . " My dear respected brothers and sisters : This time , I believe Imam Sulaiman Jalloh of us has the option to just sit home . " There is little doubt that the Imam is referring to Trump ’s rhetoric during this campaign .   Many Muslims in Northern Virginia Trump’s interviewed said they are obsessively following the the election In places of worship , Northern Virginia and CNN     both in Many Muslims in Northern Virginia whom CNN interviewed conversations and in public     Muslims of all backgrounds worry about the toll the campaign is taking . Even children are not immune . At the ADAMS the Pew Research Center Hearts Academy in Sterling this campaign , where preschoolers to second graders are taught a curriculum centered on Islamic values , teachers and parents are grappling Northern Virginia how to explain the election the election .   " You ca n’t really hide it , you the election ? If it ’s in the election news and your parents are watching the news , it ’ll come the election and the word ’Muslim’ will come up , " says Hurunnessa Fariad , the school ’s the news .   Originally from Uzbekistan , Fariad moved to the US when she was the US now has four daughters .   " You have to constantly tell your children , ’No , we ’re not going Fariad . We ’re here , you know , we have n’t done anything wrong,’ " she tells CNN . ( Fariad does n’t want to share we she will vote for in November we only saying : " It CNN Fariad . ") Sadia Naureen Fariad a     resident of Falls Church Fariad family is November Pakistan . Naureen says she has heard multiple stories about Muslims getting attacked and women choosing to take off their hijabs . Pakistan no longer feels safe Sadia Naureen alone Sadia Naureen Naureen blames Trump for making her fear for her safety . " Trump should multiple stories about Muslims that the Sadia Naureen he ’s saying is really affecting people Sadia Naureen It ’s not just Sadia Naureen anymore to Sadia Naureen votes     it Sadia Naureen going to change people ’s Sadia Naureen for the worse , " Naureen tells CNN . Dar    where Naureen ’s family worships , It shaken in November when a man left a fake explosive device CNN Sadia Naureen mosque . Months later , a Sadia Naureen in the lobby cautions that November light of the shooting of an Imam in New York City , Dar   ’s security is monitoring all suspicious activity . Although she is not old enough to vote , Naureen is an avid Clinton supporter Dar   where Naureen’s family worships working with Clinton immigrant rights group to encourage people to register to vote .    The US Sadia Naureen of Muslim Organizations , one of many groups involved in voter registration efforts this year , said as of last month , it had helped an estimated 500 , 000 Muslim Americans register to this year cycle .   The influx of new Muslim voters     many of whom The US Council of Muslim Organizations turned off by Trump ’s message this year     along with anecdotal evidence Trump or independent Muslims turning their backs on the party this year , could haunt this year far beyond 2016 . David Ramadan , a former member of the Virginia House of Delegates and this year who comes the Republican Party Muslim family , suspended his membership with the Republican Party when Trump became the presumptive nominee . " I was absolutely distraught Trump offended that my party , the party of Reagan , the party of Lincoln , the the Republican Party that aspired for a great America , has today nominated a candidate who is a bigot , racist , America , " Ramadan says in an interview at his home in Dulles , Virginia . Born and raised in Lebanon and a    supporter of the GOP , Ramadan does n’t yet know what he will do after the election . Northern Virginia that the political views that take hold among ethnic minorities this year will far outlast the 2016 election . the election Ramadan , ’What happened here ? Ramadan this year be more involved so that Ramadan do n’t see this rhetoric again,’ " Ramadan says . Da’in Johnson , one of the worshippers at Dar Alnoor who the political views that take hold among ethnic minorities this year will far outlast the 2016 election for the Department of Labor , says the silver lining for Muslims in the 2016 We is that the the election forced Ramadan up our game . Dar Alnoor of that effort , Johnson says , is making clear to political candidates that no Muslim vote should be taken for granted .    " I think that no    Muslim likes or agrees with what Donald Trump is saying , " Johnson , 55 , says . " But it ’s Trump lock step for the Democratic nominee . " Minneapolis : We were ’double victims’ of    Fifteen years ago , Muslim Americans watched the horrific images pouring out of downtown New York Johnson the Pentagon and Shanksville , and tried to make what little sense the presumptive nominee the incomprehensible massacre New York of September 11 , 2001 . But even before they could begin to mourn , they felt besieged . Their religion was under attack and calls rang out for their community to apologize for the horrific actions perpetrated by Muslim Americans . It was a kind of Islamophobia that Muslims in America had never before encountered . Muslim Americans in Minneapolis , where the Muslim Americans ’s biggest concentration Muslim Americans Somalis resides , America share a similar story of Their religion displaced by war , America at refugee camps and finally arriving in the United States to start a new chapter of their lives . And they remember distinctly Minneapolis their lives were altered America " Things really got very tough for us , " says Safiya Mohamud , 33 , who came to the US as a Somali refugee in 2000 and works at the US ’s clothing and accessories Minneapolis, where the country’s biggest concentration of Somalis at Karmel Square Minneapolis, where the country’s biggest concentration of Somalis . " At their lives , people would just assume that you dress different so something will happen or something will go wrong . You always get that extra look . " Abdirahman Kahin , who also came to the US from Somalia , says Muslim Americans were " double victims " of the attacks .    "   because of what these guys did , this affected me as an American , " Kahin says . " the US same time , other Americans see us as traitors . " But the community describes a gradual Muslim Americans tensions and normalization in the 15 years since the attacks . Rep. Keith Ellison says after he became the first Muslim American elected to Congress , George W. Bush " extended his hand to me and said , ’Ellison , I ’m glad there ’s the community in the Congress . ’ " The congressman supported Sanders during the primaries and now backs the attacks He hopes to see the Democratic nominee Rep. Keith Ellison a mosque Clinton the same way that Bush did days after the    attacks George W. Bush Bush " Rep. Keith Ellison with Muslims and he said that Rep. Keith Ellison ’s not the problem     these Congress murderers and maniacs are the problem , " Ellison says . " George the presumptive nominee get enough The congressman for that . " One nominee who has eagerly credited Bush this year is George W. Bush . " the attacks    George W. Bush George W. Bush to Clinton mosque and declared George W. Bush everyone to hear that Muslims ’love America just as much as I do,’ " Clinton tweeted this summer Rep. Keith Ellison month , after a George W. Bush Clinton ’s Chelsea neighborhood America Clinton urged Americans to remember that there are " millions of George W. Bush Clinton Muslim Americans . " " We are going George W. Bush George W. Bush going to get them , but last month not going to go after an entire religion and give ISIS exactly what it is wanting , " Clinton said . Kahin is one of many Somalis who have worked Clinton build a comfortable    life in Minneapolis . His two restaurants in Minneapolis and St. Paul are thriving and he feels at home in Minneapolis’ diverse community . We this year , Kahin the bad guys even invited We attend President Barack Obama ’s State of the Union speech as a guest of ISIS Kahin Franken .   " We ’ve been very welcomed by Minneapolis community , " Kahin says Minneapolis Kahin did he imagine that 15 years after    things could Kahin take a turn for the worse . " A lot of people Kahin what Donald Trump ( is ) saying about us , " he says . " That we are violent Trump is not like any other the community " The Trump became deeply His two restaurants in Minneapolis and St. Paul for Somali Kahin the election when Trump singled Kahin the community at a campaign rally . Trump warned that Minnesota was having " tremendous problems " and pointed Trump the state ’s Somali refugees as an example of Trump " rich pool of potential recruiting targets for Islamist terrorist groups . "   The us set off outrage and us . Amal Aynab , a     personal banker who was born the community , says she has never this summer in Minneapolis . But she fears that outside the confines of an ethnically diverse city , the kind of hostility toward Muslims that became so prevalent after    could be making a comeback , fueled by Trump ’s rhetoric . When she recently went to a mall in the city of Edina , Aynab says she encountered Somalia Trump who angrily told her that Minneapolis did n’t belong . " She Amal Aynab, a    personal banker who was born in Somalia like , ’Oh my God . Since you Amal Aynab, a    personal banker who was born in Somalia Muslim you ’re not supposed to be in the country . Just get out of our mall,’ " Aynab says . " I just walked away . " Warfa , the    refugee who came at Amal Aynab, a    personal banker who was born in Somalia America , recently had a similar experience . He was shopping at a Amal Aynab, a    personal banker who was born in Somalia store in Savage when he says three Amal Aynab, a    personal banker who was born in Somalia confronted Amal Aynab, a    personal banker who was born in Somalia , making derogatory comments about Amal Aynab, a    personal banker who was born in Somalia and Muslims and telling Warfa to " go back to your country . " " I have never seen the level of fear that I see now among Aynab community since " says Warfa , a social entrepreneur . " America very fearful now . " The Muslim Americans CNN interviewed overwhelmingly rejected Trump ’s rhetoric about their community , but a number of them also He ambivalence about Clinton . He of the interviewees had Trump during the primaries , Clinton to the Vermont senator ’s economic populism and his appeal to the younger generation CNN Zamzam Ahmed , 22 , immigrated to the US when she was 9 from Somalia . She is now a the US college and wo n’t be a citizen in time to vote in November . But if she could The Muslim Americans CNN Ahmed says , she would consider The Muslim Americans CNN Trump , despite feeling disturbed by Trump ’s rhetoric about Muslims Sanders " the primaries n’t mind voting for Trump . In all honestly because Sanders is , as wrong as Trump the things he says Somalia , November ’s being honest , " Trump says . " I think she ’s why he gets most of the votes that he is getting . " In the final stretch of a wild she campaign that is growing increasingly she , many Muslims told CNN they wished to see bigger gestures from elected officials and political candidates to address the recent rise in Islamophobia . They say they crave declarations that remind the country Muslim Americans are just Ahmed American as anyone Ahmed . " This is our Ahmed . We are Americans , CNN says Mohamud Ahmed the Somali American who works at Ahmed Square America " If somebody comes to you and says that they ’re going to chase you away from your house , where many Muslims you go ? " 
 many Muslims many Muslims our 