’   ’ ’    On Saturday morning , President Donald Trump took to Twitter to    point out a fact President Donald Trump thought the media was underreporting : the    decrease in the national debt in President Donald Trump first month . ’ ’    " ’ "    The tweet , which   an    hour before , does n’t make sense for a few reasons . " ’    First , it is true that the national debt has probably ticked down but     this is mostly due to the    federal government rebalancing its the   federal government holdings . Debt outstanding to the public   ’ ’    Additionally , the the   federal government still operating under the    budget passed before Trump came into office , so even if the    overall debt decreased , his administration had Trump to do    with it . ’ his administration "    Finally , and most importantly , the economic circumstances during    his and    Trump first month in office are vastly different and    make the    totally off base . " ’    When Obama took office Obama January 2009 , the country was in the    midst of the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .    The US    , GDP growth    collapsed ,    foreclosures soared . ’ ’    In response to this crisis , the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression what Obama typically    do during    : took on debt to stimulate the economy . ’ The US economy In the depths of a recession , private investment collapses . So ,    generally accepted    theory concludes that the government    should induce investment and step in during these times of crisis    to prop up the stumbling private sector . ’ ’    Thus , both Obama and his predecessor George W. Bush Obama into    law bills to inject large amounts of capital into the economy to    both save the financial    and get people back to work . ’ ’    For instance , Bush passed the Troubled Asset George W. Bush Program    in October 2008 which used just over $ 426 billion in federal    funds to " bail out " the country’ ’s largest banks . Obama signed the    American Recovery and Reinvestment Act in February 2009 which    allocated $ 831 billion in federal funds to finance investment    projects such as infrastructure . ’ ’    By contrast , Trump has inherited   —    as he even noted   — Trump a country    with a vastly improved economic standing . ’ "    The labor market has improved drastically , with unemployment at    just 4 . 8 % and the number of people claiming unemployment benefits    nearing the lowest point in 40 years . In fact , during Obama ’s    term the US added over 11 million private sector jobs .   " ’    Things outside of the labor market are pretty The labor market .    Corporate profits have   highs and   from its bottom in    March 2009 , Corporate profits the housing market is growing again . The labor market While it ’s not all perfect   —    business investment is lagging ,    wages still have n’t hit    levels ,    economic gains    have not    equally distributed throughout the country    —    there    is no doubt that Trump inherits a better    starting    position than Obama did in 2009 with no    to spend massive    amounts of federal money to assist the economy    " ’    Trump even noted these differences in a    tweet Trump ’ ’    " ’ ’   ’ ’On Saturday morning , President Donald Trump . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 