Washington ( CNN ) Mike Pence drew the ire of Latino groups Tuesday night , when Mike Pence accused rival Tim Kaine of relying on the same attacks that have been used against Republican nominee Donald Trump . rival Tim Kaine had said : " When Republican nominee Donald Trump says women should be punished , that Mexicans are rapists and criminals , rival Tim Kaine is showing you who rival Tim Kaine is . " And Pence responded , " Senator , you whipped out that Mexican thing again . " " Look , there are criminal aliens in this country , Tim , who have come into this this country , who are perpetrating violence and taking American lives , " Pence Pence .   Kaine was referencing past remarks made by Trump last July when during his campaign Kaine speech , Trump said Trump Mexicans are criminals and are " rapists . " " When Mexico sends its people Mexico they ’re some Mexicans sending their best its people They ’re some Mexicans sending you , " Trump said Trump June . " They ’re some Mexicans people that have lots of problems , and they ’re some Mexicans those problems problems . They ’re some Mexicans drugs . They ’re some Mexicans crime . They ’re some Mexicans . And some , I assume , are good people . "   Trump also Trump extensive criticism for his accusations Trump federal Judge Gonzalo Curiel was biased against him because Trump is Trump Mexican "     even though Curiel was born federal Judge Gonzalo Curiel Indiana .   The internet reaction to Pence ’s remark was swift : Soon after he made Trump , someone created a website , www . thatmexicanthing . org , and redirected it to the it Voto Latino Action Network , which promotes Latino voices in politics . Actress Kerry Washington tweeted after the presidential debate , " THIS ! # ThatMexicanThing YES ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! " in response to the website redirect . Other Latinos expressed disappointment with Pence ’s quip , firing back on Twitter about his comment during the debate . the presidential debate Twitter not happy Twitter . Pissed as Pence    ’You whipped out that Mexican thing’ comment . Metio la pata . ( Stuck his foot in mouth ) , " tweeted conservative Ana Navarro , a CNN political commentator . Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julián Castro tweeted : " Pence : ’Senator , Pence ’ve whipped out that Mexican thing again?’ Huh ? Mexican VPDebate " 
 