Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump has begun assembling Donald Trump administration     the country ’s first indication of how Donald Trump will govern from the White House .   Donald Trump is not expected to name any additional Cabinet picks over the holiday weekend , but has made some preliminary selections in the few weeks since the election . Declared intended nominees include Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general , Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo for CIA director , South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley for ambassador to the UN , and Republican donor and school choice activist Betsy DeVos for education secretary . Trump has also named retired Lt . Gen. Mike Flynn Trump national security adviser in the White House , a position that does n’t need Senate confirmation . There are also leading contenders for other roles , including billionaire investor Wilbur Ross for commerce secretary , Chicago Cubs    and Republican donor Todd Ricketts for deputy commerce secretary , Trump fundraiser and finance executive Steve Mnuchin , retired Gen. James Mattis for defense secretary and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson to lead Housing and Urban Development . Former presidential candidate Mitt Romney is also in the running to be secretary of state , as is former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani .   Here are five things we ’ve learned from Trump ’s selections and top choices . Cubs owner likely to be tapped for commerce deputy , Former rivals welcome , While Cubs owner was known to engage in bitter fights with Cubs owner critics during the campaign , Trump’s has signaled that Cubs owner ’s willing to welcome    sparring partners into the fold .   The announcement of Haley to Trump’s ’s administration was a surprise . Haley endorsed Trump’s former opponent , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , during the presidential primary , and spoke out forcefully against Trump Trump’s he Trump’s the nominee . While Haley Haley she Haley vote for Trump Trump’s the the nominee in public she Haley n’t a strong booster of his Haley House bid . Trump Trump’s also said to be seriously considering nominating Romney , who never endorsed Trump Trump’s the election , saying over the summer he Trump’s n’t serve in a Trump administration and warning of the potential for "   racism . " Ricketts Trump’s also likely to be named to a deputy post in the Commerce Department . His Trump’s family heavily invested in efforts to stop Trump Trump’s path to the nomination , though they changed His wealthy family and spent hefty sums in Trump Trump’s favor late in the election .   Trump Trump’s to former critics for top jobs , Rewarding GOP donors and loyalists , Much like past presidents , Trump Trump’s moved to reward the party ’s donor base with plum posts in the administration .   DeVos is a billionaire Republican donor who has been active on school choice issues as well as promoting charter schools . She chairs DeVos American Federation for Children , which promotes charter school education , and also served on the board of the Foundation for Excellence in Education , a group led by former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , which promoted both school choice and the Common Core education standards , though DeVos has said since being named that she does DeVos support Common Core . During the 2016 primary , she gave DeVos a super PAC supporting Rubio .   Ricketts , his parents Ricketts brother are also sizable Republican donors , creating a super PAC to support Trump in the latter part of the campaign , and Ross is a    donor who gave generously to the Republican National Committee this cycle .   Trump has Trump leaned heavily on his loyalists Trump the campaign to build his incoming Trump . Some of his first Trump were Sessions and Flynn , two men who endorsed Trump and Trump him very early Trump his campaign . Trump Trump surrogates and Trump under consideration for Cabinet positions include Carson , Giuliani , and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , though Gingrich has said former House Speaker Newt Gingrich prefers a former House Speaker Newt Gingrich planning role over a Cabinet post . Cabinet It ’s a pattern being repeated in Trump ’s budding White House team , where he has already former House Speaker Newt Gingrich RNC Chairman Reince Priebus as chief of staff and campaign executive Steve Bannon as a senior adviser . Other campaign staffers are expected to get White House staff White House if they want them , Other campaign staffers well Other campaign staffers    DeVos picked for education secretary , Not all white men , While Trump ’s first few picks , including Sessions , Flynn and Pompeo plus his White House team Trump White House white men , Trump has since moved to Trump more diversity to his Cabinet . DeVos and Trump are both women , and Haley is the daughter of Haley immigrants to the United States . If Carson decides to serve in the administration     the retired neurosurgeon says an offer is on the table     he would also bring diversity the retired neurosurgeon the Cabinet as an   his Cabinet has faced criticism throughout his candidacy and since the election Trump being perceived as stoking racist and    sentiments in the US . His election has been lauded by Trump and racist groups , including a gathering of white supremacists in Washington , DC , which was recorded giving the Nazi salute during a speech hailing Trump . The    has said he does not embrace their support The    however , and has pledged to work as President for different groups of Americans .    Who could be in Trump ’s Cabinet ? Dissenting views , Trump is said to be weighing Trump’s or Romney for secretary of state , which is causing dissent within his own ranks . Romney remains Trump’s with Republicans and Romney Trump and Romney spoke positively of Trump’s meeting Romney two had over the weekend .   But other Trump supporters like Gingrich and former Trump’s Gov. Mike Huckabee have spoken out against Romney as a possible selection . Romney Thursday , Trump ’s campaign manager and close Trump’s Conway tweeted two messages interpreted as digs at Romney . " Receiving deluge of social Romney   private comms re : Romney Some Trump loyalists warn against Romney Romney sec of state , " Romney tweeted , with a link to Romney Politico article about discontent with the 2012 nominee .   " Kissinger   Schultz as Secs of State flew around the world less , counseled POTUS close to home more . And were loyal . Good checklist , " she followed .   A lack of Romney policy experience is a criticism of both Romney and Giuliani as candidates for the post .   Conway told CNN that she was not trying to send a Conway to Trump , but did say there was concern about Romney . " I am struck by Romney intensity and volume of resistance ( to Romney ) from the grassroots words like Romney I communicate with PEOTUS and VPEOTUS privately and regularly so this is not an attempt to do so publicly as some ( who missed the election completely ) are suggesting , " Conway said in a message to CNN .   Pulling from in and out of The Beltway , So far , Trump has made good on what his    transition team said in DC Trump industry and policy specialists : His Cabinet has drawn from inside and outside Trump Washington .   Pompeo , Flynn and Sessions are all    in Washington , as would be Mattis , with Washington and Sessions being sitting members of Congress Pompeo   But Trump has also drawn from state politics , pulling Haley from the South Carolina Governor ’s Mansion and DeVos from Michigan , where she was previously a state party chairwoman in Haley to her activism .   If the    follows Haley on Ricketts , Mnuchin and Ross , as well , he would be drawing from the private sector , especially the world of finance and investing .     Trump ran on Trump outsider campaign , pledging to " drain the swamp " in Washington , though his transition team Trump been Washington with many current DC policy staffers and former lobbyists . Members DC the transition team were asked to terminate their his transition team stay on staff after Vice    Members of the transition team Pence took over the team .   Trump ’s first Trump days Trump’s his transition team 