Donald Trump and Donald Trump daughter Ivanka will appear on The Dr. Oz Show on Thursday , where the Republican presidential candidate will reveal the Republican presidential candidate personal health regimen in an exclusive    interview with Dr. Mehmet Oz . [ The Dr. Oz Show promises a "   " conversation with Donald Trump that will focus on the " important questions that affect your health and the security of America , " according to a press release .   The the Republican presidential candidate also weigh in on why health concerns have become such an important topic headed into the November presidential election , and Donald Trump is also set to discuss his own the Republican presidential candidate health regimen . Donald Trump rival , Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton , appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live ! in August to dismiss concerns about her Donald Trump health , which she Donald Trump part of a " wacky strategy " propagated by her Donald Trump opponent . Clinton opened a pickle jar on air to prove her strength . Clinton surrounding Clinton ’s health Clinton week after the release of FBI documents related to the investigation of the Democratic presidential candidate ’s private email server earlier this summer . In one document , Clinton apparently told investigators Clinton could not recall Clinton briefing she received on handling Clinton material due to a concussion she sustained in 2012 Clinton " In December of 2012 , Clinton suffered a concussion Clinton then around the New Year had a blood clot , " the FBI report stated . " Based on her doctor ’s advice Clinton she could only work Clinton State for a few hours a day and could not recall every briefing she received . " Clinton August , the Clinton campaign released a Clinton from her doctor declaring her her doctor in"excellent Clinton health . In December , Trump released his own health report , Trump by Dr. Jacob Bornstein of Lenox Hill hospital , who claimed that if elected , Trump would " the healthiest Trump ever elected to the presidency . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 