’   ’ ’    Donald Trump railed against the US justice system at a rally in    Florida on Monday after a suspect was apprehended in connection    with bombings in New York and New Jersey . ’ ’    " Today , we have caught this evil thug who planted the bombs , " Donald Trump said . "   law enforcement .    police .    Right . But the bad part   —    we we probably give him a suspect    hospitalization . He a suspect be taken care of by some of the best    doctors in the world . He a suspect be given a fully modern and updated    hospital room . " ’ ’    Trump Donald Trump : " And he’’ll probably even have room service , the    way our country is . And on top of all of that , he a suspect be    represented by an outstanding lawyer . His a suspect will go through       various court systems for years , and in the end people will       and his    will not be what it his punishment would have       . " ’ ’    Police officers in Linden , New Jersey ,   after a shootout    late Monday morning . He    wanted in connection to three    incidents throughout the weekend : a bombing along the route of a    New New Jersey race Saturday morning , a bombing Saturday    night in New York City that injured 29 people , and the discovery    of additional bombs in Elizabeth , New Jersey New Jersey Sunday night . ’ ’    Rahami was charged with five counts of attempted murder of a      officer on Monday in relation to the shootout .    Prosecutors were still deciding on charges related to the    bombings , and no motive in the attacks had been revealed , though    public officials    begun to suggest terrorism , with Gov.    Andrew Cuomo of New York telling CNN on Monday morning that he    " Gov.   Andrew Cuomo of New York not be surprised if we did have a foreign connection to    the act    " ’ ’’ ’    Trump said that while the country needed fair trials , it also    Trump " just and very harsh punishment " for terrorists . ’ ’    " We must also use whatever lawful methods are available to obtain    information from the apprehended suspect to get information    before it’ ’s no longer timely , " Trump said . Trump ’    The New York billionaire has previously advocated interrogation    techniques such as waterboarding . ’ ’    Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , also railed against    Hillary Clinton , his Democratic rival   Hillary Clinton in his speech .   Hillary Clinton ’    " Hillary Clinton is   Hillary Clinton and ineffective person , and I will    tell you if you choose Donald Trump , these problems are going to    go away far    far greater than anybody would think , " Trump said .    Donald Trump Believe me    " ’ "    He said that America Donald Trump enemies wanted Clinton to be president   Hillary Clinton " ’    " They want her so America’s enemies to   Hillary Clinton your president   —    you have no idea , "    Trump said . Donald Trump Donald Trump be a field day . " ’ ’    Clinton on Monday characterized   Hillary Clinton in much the same Donald Trump ,    telling reporters : " We know that Donald Trump’ ’s comments have    been used online for    of terrorists .   who made it a very clear    point when he said    Trump is Donald Trump’ used Donald Trump ’’ recruiting    sergeant ’’ for the terrorists . The kinds of rhetoric and language    that Mr. Trump has used is giving Donald Trump comfort to our    adversaries . " ’ 
 