  Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Today ’s introduction comes to us from Jennifer Medina , a national correspondent based in Los Angeles . " us ’re going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future , " Paul Ryan , the Republican speaker of the House announced minutes after the legislation to repeal the law collapsed in Congress last week . Now some political leaders in California want to go even further . Last month State Senators Ricardo Lara and Toni Atkins introduced legislation to replace private health insurance with a publicly funded health care system run by the state government known as a    system . a publicly funded health care system run by the state government known as a   system does not include any details of how California would pay for the multibillion program , instead simply declaring " it is a publicly funded health care system run by the state government known as a   system intent of the Legislature to enact legislation that would establish a comprehensive universal    health care coverage program and a health care cost control system for the benefit of all residents of the California " Gov. Jerry Brown , who is both a fiscal hawk and an ardent supporter of Affordable Care Act , has already spoken about his skepticism of Gov. Jerry Brown, who is both a fiscal hawk and an ardent supporter of Affordable Care Act    program , saying it would be prohibitively expensive . But at least one candidate running for governor next year plans to make universal health care a centerpiece of the campaign . Earlier this month Lt . Gov. Gavin Newsom said he was working Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom health care experts to craft a plan for a    system . While he was mayor Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom the city approved a plan to offer universal health care for all of its residents . the city Lara said the Republican defeat in Congress could pave the way for a    system . " It ’s easier to expand health care than make up lost ground as we would have had to do , " he said . Mr. Lara We really have the chance to make universal health care a reality now . " The proposal differs from existing programs in one big way : It would include The proposal residents , regardless of their immigration status all residents Obamacare explicitly excluded undocumented immigrants from benefits of the program , though children in California can receive basic coverage even if they are undocumented children in California Advocates of a    program argue that it would bring Advocates of a   program costs and encourage preventive care . But opponents say there would be less choice and efficiency in medical care , and that taxes would rise significantly for all residents . This is not the first time state leaders have pressed for a    bill . Similar legislation was passed in 2006 and 2008 , though it did not Similar legislation a way to pay from the system . Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed the bill . a   bill think California should move to a    system ? Email us your thoughts at catoday@nytimes . com . ( Please note : We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers . ) • Representatives Adam B. Schiff and Nancy Pelosi of California suggested that Representative California Nunes should recuse himself from an investigation Representative Devin Nunes Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election . [ The New York Times ] • Mr. Nunes and Mr. Schiff could not be more different . [ Opinion|Los Angeles Times ] • California ’s attorney general California Becerra , has forcefully criticized Mr. Trump . But in office , he has taken a more California’s attorney general, Xavier Becerra approach . [ The Sacramento Bee ] • Leaders across Southern California said they would continue to protect Leaders across Southern California who are in the country illegally despite a warning from Attorney General Jeff Sessions . [ Los Angeles Times ] • New research shows that fault zones formerly thought to be separate make up one continuous system running through San Diego , Orange and Los Angeles counties , making a bigger earthquake more likely . [ The New York Times ] • The Raiders are leaving Oakland   —    again . The team ’s move to The Raiders was approved by the N. F. L. [ The New York Times ] The New York Times are exploring options to • the Raiders and possibly the N. F. L. after the decision . [ the N. F. L. • The N. F. L. makes two demands of its owners : Build the N. F. L. many public dollars as you can find the N. F. L. never , ever feel shame . [ Michael Powell | The New York Times ] • A fire on the third floor of a residential building in Oakland killed at least three people and displaced more than 100 . [ SFGate ] • Los Angeles County officials are considering imposing tolls on more car pool lanes in an effort to speed up traffic on the region ’s freeways . [ Los Angeles Times ] • Bill Croyle , the state ’s top water manager , said Monday that the Oroville Reservoir will have a new spillway in place to prevent potentially dangerous outflows of water by Nov. 1 . [ SFGate ] • Uber resumed testing its    cars in San Francisco Monday after a crash in Arizona briefly halted the • Uber . [ The Mercury News Monday • A Los Angeles man caught a    carp in MacArthur Park Lake . [ LAist ] The National Park Service purchased Santa Rosa Island in 1986 from the Vail   Vickers ranch . In 1998 , cattle ranching on the island ended for good . But some vestiges of the island ’s ranching past Santa Rosa Island . Alana Ayasse , a graduate student studying geography Santa Rosa Island Barbara , took the above picture on the island in September , while volunteering for a week with Channel Islands Restoration , a nonprofit Santa Rosa Island tend to the health of plants and animals in the park . She came across the horses while walking back to a field station one evening . " You can just see them wandering up there , " Ms. Ayasse said in a phone interview Monday . " They ’re the horses . " Ken Owen , the executive director of Channel Islands Restoration , said the the horses were kept to a portion of the island where they would Channel Islands Restoration rare plants . " the horses literally a cultural artifact , " he said . " the horses there ’s really no reason to remove them the horses " Want to submit a photo for Ken Owen, the executive director of Channel Islands Restoration publication ? You can do it here . California Today goes the horses at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays . Tell us what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes California Today . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U. C. Berkeley . 
 