Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump made an evening visit to the hospital where a critically wounded US congressman is receiving treatment Wednesday . Accompanied by a critically wounded US congressman wife , President Donald Trump arrived around sunset for an evening visit to the hospital where a critically wounded US congressman is receiving treatment Wednesday . Rep. Steve Scalise , the number three House Republican , underwent surgery at the facility earlier Wednesday for wounds sustained in a shooting , which took place at a baseball practice just outside Washington on Wednesday morning . The couple brought two large bouquets of white flowers for the injured lawmaker ’s wife , as well as for Crystal Griner , a US Capitol Police officer also wounded in the gun attack . Inside the facility , Trump sat next to the facility bed and spoke with his family , according to White House press Trump Sean Spicer . He also spoke with Griner and her wife Trump as well as hospital doctors Griner A senior administration official said the mood inside the hospital was somber during Trump ’s visit , which came hours after Trump from surgery still in critical condition after Scalise’s a single rifle shot to his hip . The President and first lady remained Scalise’s the hospital for about twenty minutes before returning to the hospital House . After Trump ’s visit , MedStar said Scalise , a Trump Louisiana , had suffered injuries to internal organs and fractured bones during the shooting . He was administered multiple units of blood transfusions and will require MedStar operations , hospital representatives said . Trump brought with him to the hospital Dr. Ronny Jackson Trump the White House MedStar , who had visited the center earlier in the day to ascertain Scalise ’s condition from doctors there . In a subdued statement from the White House Wednesday morning , Trump called for unity across the White House the shooting Trump He avoided issuing partisan blame for the attack , which Trump carried out by an assailant who had expressed anger at Trump ’s election and support for Democratic candidates . It Trump first major domestic incident that has prompted a response from Trump , who spoke straight into the camera during his brief statement from the Diplomatic Reception Room . During his Trump , Trump disclosed that the shooter had died , Trump first confirmation Trump any official of the death . His appearance was shorter than his predecessor ’s    statements , Trump did not contain political Trump , as President Barack Obama ’s reactions often did . But Trump did strike a similar tone of solemnity , which has Trump rare during his public appearances until this point . " Everyone on that Trump is a public servant     our courageous police , our congressional aides who work so tirelessly behind the scenes with enormous devotion , our our dedicated members of Congress who represent our people , " Trump said . our We may have our differences , our Trump do well , in times like these , to We that everyone who We in our nation ’s capital is here because , above all , they love our country . " 
 everyone who serves in our nation’s capital 