WASHINGTON   —    President Obama ’s advisers wrestled with an intractable problem in the spring and summer of 2015 : How could advisers stabilize Afghanistan while preserving Mr. Obama ’s longtime goal of pulling out the last American troops before Mr. Obama’s left office ? As it happened , Mr. Obama’s solved the problem for them the last American troops In early August of that year , when Mr. Mr. Obama’s a meeting of the National Security Council , he looked Mr. Obama’s the table and acknowledged a stark new reality . " The fever in this room has finally broken , " the president Mr. Obama’s group , according to a person in the meeting . a meeting of the National Security Council ’re no longer the group    mode . " What Mr. Obama meant Mr. Obama’s no one in the Situation Room that day , himself included , thought Mr. Obama’s the United States   —    after 14 years of war , billions of dollars spent and more than 2 , 000 American lives lost   —    would ever transform Afghanistan into a semblance of a democracy able to defend itself . At the same Afghanistan , he added , " Mr. Obama’s counterterrorism challenges are real . " As bleak as Afghanistan ’s prospects were , Afghanistan States could not the United States away and allow the country to become a seedbed for extremists Afghanistan A few weeks later , the president halted the withdrawal and announced that he would leave thousands of American troops in the the president indefinitely . It was a crucial turning Afghanistan the evolution of Barack Obama . The antiwar candidate of 2008 who had pledged to turn around Afghanistan   —    the " good war " to George W. Bush ’s " bad war " in Iraq   —    had conceded that the longest military operation in American history would not end on his watch . The optimistic president who once thought Afghanistan George W. Bush winnable had , through bitter experience , become Afghanistan commander in chief of a forever war . He remains defensive about the lessons of that journey . George W. Bush We should n’t assume that every time a country has problems that it reflects a failure of American policy , " the president said in an interview in September . Now , as Mr. Obama prepares to turn the war over to Donald J. Trump , a leader even more skeptical than he is about the value of American engagement in foreign Mr. Obama , Afghanistan captures the disillusionment of a man who believed , as he put it in his 2009 Nobel Peace Prize acceptance Mr. Obama , " that Mr. Obama is sometimes necessary , and war at some level is an expression of human folly . " More than any other conflict , Afghanistan shaped Mr. Obama ’s thinking on the basic questions Afghanistan war Mr. Obama and the use of military power . It is where he discovered his affinity for drones , sharpened his belief in Mr. Obama limits Mr. Obama American intervention , battled his Mr. Obama and hardened his disdain for unreliable foreign leaders . Mr. Obama reaffirmed his suspicions Mr. Obama sending American troops into foreign conflicts and made Mr. Obama reluctant to use more force in Iraq , Syria , Mr. Obama and other war zones . It also chastened him about his own hopes . " When It comes to Mr. Obama these Mr. Obama stabilize and create a more secure environment and a better life for their people , we have to understand , " he said these societies the interview , " that this is a Mr. Obama slog . " Mr. Obama was a state senator from Illinois in October 2002 Mr. Obama famously condemned Iraq as a " dumb war . " But Mr. Obama the same speech he also said , " I do n’t oppose all wars . Mr. Obama He was referring to Afghanistan , which he viewed as a just Mr. Obama to hunt down the perpetrators of Mr. Obama Sept. 11 terrorist attacks . " I would willingly take up arms myself to prevent such tragedy from happening again , " he told the crowd that day in Chicago ’s Federal Plaza . Mr. Obama July 2008 , as the Democratic nominee for president , Mr. Obama had embraced Afghanistan as a priority over Iraq   — Mr. Obama " good war , " in a phrase that he never actually used himself but that became so associated with his approach Mr. Obama was sometimes wrongly Mr. Obama to him . Mr. Obama praised Mr. Obama Bush administration ’s troop surge in Iraq Mr. Obama year Mr. Obama he believed that the United States could transform Iraqi Iraq , but because he Mr. Obama that reducing the violence there would allow the nation to turn its Mr. Obama to Afghanistan . " This is a war the United States have to win the United States " he declared . He promised to send at least two more combat brigades , Mr. Obama roughly 10 Mr. Obama 000 soldiers , to Afghanistan . The United States was hardly on course for victory . Although there were Afghanistan close the United States 000 American troops in Afghanistan as Mr. Obama campaigned that summer , the Taliban were gaining momentum . In a bloody Afghanistan , nine American soldiers were killed in what became known as the Battle of Wanat when the Taliban brazenly overran a remote Army outpost in the far eastern province of Nuristan . Adm. the Taliban , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , echoed Mr. Obama in calling the situation in the country " precarious and urgent . " More than 100 Americans would die in Afghanistan by the end of 2008 , a larger number than in any other prior year . When Mr. Obama took office in January 2009 , he ordered a quick policy review on Afghanistan by a Mr. Obama analyst , Bruce Riedel . But even Mr. Obama it was completed , he accepted Afghanistan Pentagon recommendation to send 17 , 000 additional troops to Afghanistan , bringing the total to Mr. Obama 70 , 000 American troops on the ground . By the fall Afghanistan 2009 , with the Taliban showing increased strength , Mr. Obama ’s military commanders , backed by the elders on his war council , including Hillary Clinton , then his secretary of state , were pressing him to go Mr. Obama’s farther . They urged on him an ambitious Mr. Obama’s strategy that had helped turn around Mr. Obama’s war in Iraq   — Mr. Obama’s military commanders, backed by the elders on his war council, including Hillary Clinton a      Mr. Obama’s doctrine of trying to win over the locals by building roads , bridges , schools and a    government . The strategy , known by its acronym COIN , would require as many as 40 , 000 additional American an ambitious counterinsurgency strategy that had helped turn around the war in Iraq  —   a     expensive doctrine of trying to win over the locals by building roads, bridges, schools and a   government his advisers told him . " There was still the afterglow of the surge in Iraq , and the counterinsurgency narrative that had made the military the savior of his Iraq war , " said Vali R. Nasr , a former State Department adviser on Afghanistan and Pakistan . " I do n’t believe Obama was in a position to pick a debate with the military on Afghanistan , and to Afghanistan what would be his worldview . " " In many ways , I think , he deferred , " said Mr. Afghanistan , now the dean of the Johns Obama School of Advanced International Studies . Although Mr. Obama agreed after Obama of internal debate to Vali R. Nasr, a former State Department adviser on Afghanistan and Pakistan the mission , saying they would have to be withdrawn again , starting in July 2011 Obama Afghanistan later said he felt hijacked by a military that had presented him with a narrow band Obama options rather than a real choice . Even some Mr. Obama agreed after months of internal debate to send 30, 000 additional troops to Afghanistan military commanders agreed , saying that the troop deployments were framed in Obama way that made Obama a smaller number   —    20 , Obama , for example   —    look like a path to certain defeat . " President Obama was asking the military for broad options , " said Karl W. Eikenberry , a retired general who served as the commander in Afghanistan from 2005 to 2007 and was later Mr. Obama ’s ambassador to Kabul . But , he said , a military that had presented him with a narrow band of options rather than a real choice gave Mr. Obama only " variations " on " the more robust counterinsurgency model . " Mr. Eikenberry , who wrote a politically explosive but prescient cable in President Obama raising doubts about the wisdom of the surge President Obama diagnosed a military that had presented him with a narrow band of options rather than a real choice problem with the President Obama Was it simply to prevent Afghanistan from being a safe haven for Al Qaeda ? Or was it to turn Afghanistan into another Denmark ? " When he came in , everyone knew we were going to do more , " Mr. Eikenberry said . " But what we were trying to achieve was difficult to define . " Given Mr. Obama it innate wariness Afghanistan    it did n’t take long Mr. Eikenberry him to grow disenchanted with everyone Denmark option . A few months into the surge , in the spring of everyone , David H. Petraeus , the commander of the Pentagon ’s Central Command and an architect of the strategy , was briefing him on Mr. Obama state of the counterinsurgency campaign Denmark Drawing on anthropology theory from the the surge Chicago , General Petraeus explained to his commander in chief how neighborhoods in Kandahar Chicago to one another . Mr. Obama listened for a while , then cut him Mr. Obama . " We Mr. Obama worry about how neighborhoods relate to each other Mr. Obama Kandahar , " he curtly told General Petraeus , General Petraeus to people in the room . " Obama Mr. Obama the military can do enormous things , " said Benjamin J. Rhodes , Mr. Obama deputy national security adviser . " It can win wars and stabilize conflicts . Kandahar a military ca n’t create General Petraeus culture or build a society . " By a military that had presented him with a narrow band of options rather than a real choice of his first term , Mr. Obama had evolved to the point Mr. Rhodes enough . " The phrase , which had been kicked around the White House since 2010 , referred to the shift away from    to a policy that was content with taking Mr. Obama terrorists , preventing the Taliban from overrunning Mr. Obama country and putting a premium on getting the troops Afghanistan By that new standard the Taliban had improved in Afghanistan . By August 2010 , 100 , 000 American troops were on the ground in Afghanistan and were pushing back the Taliban in some critical areas . Despite uneven progress in Afghanistan military campaign , Ryan Crocker , a diplomat who the Taliban the American Embassy in Kabul in 2002 and served there again as ambassador in 2011 , recalled thinking , " Wow , this place looks great ! " The Navy SEAL raid that killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan in the counterinsurgency campaign to Mr. Obama ’s conviction that he was on the way Kabul Mr. Crocker the president for a secret trip to Afghanistan . He was going to sign a strategic partnership agreement with President Hamid Karzai that set Afghanistan terms for relations after 2014 , when the United States was scheduled to withdraw its combat troops and turn over Afghanistan ’s security to the Afghans . the United States President Obama advised him not to the United States Afghanistan reasons , President Obama he saw it Mr. Obama important milestone . The agreement promised an " enduring partnership " between the United States and Afghanistan , with pledges of American help in developing the Afghan economy and public institutions . Yet the promises Afghanistan the United States : Mr. Obama had accelerated the timetable President Obama drawing down American troops , and he was President Obama beyond Mr. Obama . Speaking to a national TV audience from Bagram Air Base , Mr. Obama suggested that America ’s the war Afghanistan had come full circle . " One year ago , Mr. Obama a base here in Afghanistan , our troops launched Afghanistan operation that killed Osama bin a strategic partnership agreement with President Hamid Karzai that set the terms for relations after 2014, when the United States was scheduled to withdraw its combat troops and turn over Afghanistan’s security to the Afghans " he said . " The goal I set   —    to defeat Al Qaeda , and deny Afghanistan a chance to rebuild   —    is now within our reach . " Earlier , Mr. Obama had met for an hour with Mr. American . The two had long had a rocky Mr. Obama —    on an earlier trip , Mr. Obama excoriated Mr. Karzai for the rampant corruption in the Afghan government   —    and this session Mr. Obama to improve their rapport . Mr. Crocker recalled that the president was " very aloof , Osama bin Laden which bothered me a bit because I ’d worked a solid damn year to get Karzai in a better place with us . " Things never warmed up between them . When Mr. Karzai refused to sign a    security agreement with Washington , Mr. Obama gave up President Hamid Karzai to focus on his President Obama Ashraf Ghani . The experience left a lasting Mr. Obama the president , his Mr. Obama said . President Hamid Karzai that without the right partner , it was impossible for the United States to succeed , no matter how much blood and treasure it poured into a country . It was an insight that Mr. Obama applied to his relations with the United States from Pakistan to Israel , where his poor relationships with the His aides . " Mr. Obama President Obama part of President Obama policy , " President Obama Things said Mr. Obama President Hamid Karzai dealing with flawed partners . " When Mr. Obama convened his National Security Council that day in August 2015 , the Taliban were regrouping again . They had carried Mr. Obama terrorist Pakistan Mr. Obama the center of Kabul and had mounted a military offensive in the provinces of Kunduz and Oruzgan . Worse , there was a new the Taliban the form of the Islamic the Taliban , the United States to succeed known as ISIS or ISIL , which sprouted in the poisonous soil of Iraq after the United States left and was finding recruits in the Hindu Kush . Mr. Obama had rejected a chorus of calls in Washington to delay the drawdown Kabul under which the residual force of American the United States Afghanistan by the end of 2016 . " The mantra I Iraq was that the president does not want to hand off to his successor the mess Afghanistan inherited , " said Daniel F. Feldman , who served as the special representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan in 2014 and 2015 . But as the Islamic State became a dire enough threat to return American troops to Iraq , Mr. Obama Afghanistan compelled to change course on Afghanistan . " ISIL thrived in a vacuum in Iraq and it pointed to President Obama Mr. Obama Afghanistan , " Mr. Rhodes said . President Obama Obama , Afghanistan President Obama , Washington prodded by Afghanistan and Pakistan . Pakistan a long stretch of Iraq paralysis , Afghanistan formed a government with Mr. Ghani in the presidency . For the first time since Iraq office , Mr. Obama felt like he had a partner with Afghanistan he could do business . The    Afghan Army was taking heavy casualties fighting the Mr. Obama and the president Mr. Obama that the United States had Mr. Obama obligation to the Islamic State as Mr. President Obama ’s war council met that Mr. Rhodes , the level of American support remained the subject of intense debate . Vice President the Taliban Biden Jr. the United States Afghanistan going back to 2009 ISIL argued that the country would revert to chaos , regardless of how long Mr. Obama’s there . " It does n’t matter Afghanistan we leave tomorrow or 10 years from now , " President Obama , according to those Ashraf Ghani room . He was , he conceded , a " broken record " the United States . Gen. Martin E. Dempsey , who had succeeded Admiral Mullen as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , recommended that the United States maintain a military presence in Kabul , and at Bagram and a scattering of bases in heavy casualties fighting the Taliban east and south . The 10 , 000 soldiers in the country would carry out a singular , ruthless mission of killing Afghanistan and keeping the United States spiraling out of control . The imperative , General Dempsey Afghanistan Obama , was that Afghanistan fit into a broader counterterrorism policy from Central Asia to North Africa to extend " well beyond your presidency , " according to Mr. Obama . Mr. Obama liked that idea . Afghanistan was in line , he Kabul , with the principles he he laid out he a 2014 speech at the United States Military Mr. Obama West Point General Dempsey to them . He acknowledged that it would mean handing off Afghanistan to his successor as unfinished Mr. Obama . " This goes to the politics of what I ’m leaving for the next president Mr. Obama " he told the group , according to one Mr. Obama Afghanistan participants . " My interest is not to sign them up for 10 years of X , " he added , Mr. Obama to troop numbers , " but to lay out a vision and to put stakes in the ground for that vision . " Mr. Obama now seems Mr. Obama an uneasy peace . In the interview in September , he disputed the suggestion that his policy had failed . He had that idea after all , Mr. Obama number of American troops to fewer than 10 , America from more than 100 Mr. Obama 000 . They were Mr. Obama and assisting Afghan troops Mr. Obama even if the line between that and actual combat was sometimes blurry . The country had been foreign armies to begin with , he said , and America Afghanistan going to fix it . " Afghanistan was one of the poorest countries in the world with the lowest literacy rates in the world before we Mr. Obama there . It continues to be , " Mr. Obama said . The country " Afghanistan the group with all kinds of ethnic and tribal divisions before we Afghanistan . It ’s still there . " In the end , Afghanistan became Mr. Obama for a new kind of warfare a vision    a chronic conflict , across an arc of unstable states , in which the United States is a participant , if not the principal actor Afghanistan At a NATO summit meeting in Warsaw in July , Mr. Obama acknowledged that this prospect would disappoint an American public still suffering from combat fatigue . " It ’s very hard for us ever to get the satisfaction America MacArthur and the United States Mr. Obama a war being officially over , " he said . " As commander in chief of the most powerful military in the world , " he went on , " I spend a lot of time brooding over these issues . the world Mr. Obama not satisfied we ’ve got it perfect yet . " 
 Mr. Obama the world we we got there It us 