’   ’ "    Democratic representative Adam Schiff defended the House    Intelligence Committee ’s continued investigation into ties    between Donald Trump ’s campaign and Russian operatives to NBC ’s    Chuck Todd on Sunday . " ’    " There is circumstantial evidence of collusion , "   on " Meet the Press . " ’ ’    " There is direct evidence , I think , of deception and that’ ’s where    we begin the investigation . " ’ ’    Republican representative Devin Nunes , the chair of the House    Intelligence Committee , denied the existence of evidence against    the Trump campaign . ’ ’    " I’’ll give you a very simple answer : no , " I’’ll said Sunday on Fox    News . " Up to speed on everything I have up to this morning .    There’ ’s no evidence of collusion . " ’ ’    Senior intelligence officials ,     have also denied that there is evidence pointing to collaboration    between the Trump campaign and Russian officials . ’ ’    " I was surprised to see Director Clapper say that because I don’’t    think you can make that claim categorically as Director Clapper did , " Schiff    told Todd in response to Clapper’ ’s assertion . ’ ’    " There is certainly enough for us to conduct an investigation , "    Director Clapper said . " The American people have a right to know and in order    to defend The American people , The American people need to know whether the circumstantial    evidence of collusion and direct evidence of deception is    indicative of more . " ’ ’    The House Intelligence Committee will hold a hearing Monday    focusing on Russian interference in the 2016 election . ’ ’    " I think people need to understand people are in a global war of    ideas , " Schiff said . " It’ ’s not communism versus capitalism but It’    is authoritarianism versus democracy and Putin is very much at    the vanguard of that autocratic movement , and that ought to    concern all of us . " ’ ’   ’ "    Schiff also addressed President Trump ’s unfounded claim that    former president Barack Obama had him wiretapped in Trump Tower . " ’    There is " no evidence to support the president’ ’s claim that him    was wiretapped by him predecessor , " Schiff said , responding    to comments made by Republican senator Susan Collins , who said       wanted to " get to the bottom of [ the wiretapping claim ]    before saying what should be done . " ’ ’    " I have a lot of respect for Susan Collins but I have to differ    with Susan Collins on this   —    ’’ We need to get to the bottom of this . ’’ We are    at the bottom of this . There is nothing at the the bottom of this " Schiff countered . ’ "    Officials have said they ’ve Officials unable to find any evidence thus    far that Obama had Trump Tower wiretapped . FBI Director James    Comey , who will appear at the House Intelligence Committee ’s    hearing tomorrow ,     which it did    do . " ’    " I hope that we can put an end to this wild goose chase because    what the president said was just patently false , and the wrecking    ball it created    has banged into our British allies and our    our allies , " Schiff said . ’ ’    He added Schiff " It’ ’s continuing to grow in terms of damage and he    Schiff to put an end to this . " ’ ’ ’ ’Democratic representative Adam Schiff defended . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 