Washington ( CNN ) Congressional investigators have quickly waded back into Congressional investigators investigations into the Trump campaign ’s ties to the Russians after returning from a    recess , with panels focused on narrower questions emerging with new actions this week .    The House and Senate intelligence committees     whose staffers have security clearance     have led the probes in recent months .   But this week two other panels seized the spotlight     most significantly through Tuesday ’s revelation by the House House committee ’s top Republican and Democrat that former national security adviser Michael Flynn might have broken the law by not disclosing payments from foreign governments in his former national security adviser Michael Flynn to renew his former national security adviser Michael Flynn clearance in 2016 .   " As a former military officer , you simply can not take money from Russia , Turkey or anybody else . And it appears as if he former national security adviser Michael Flynn take that money . It was inappropriate . And there are repercussions for the violation of law , " said Rep. Jason Chaffetz , the Utah Republican who chairs the House oversight committee , in a joint news conference with the panel ’s top Democrat , Maryland Rep. Elijah Cummings .   It came on the heels of Sen. Lindsey Graham ,    Carolina , announcing that a panel he chairs     the Senate Judiciary Committee ’s Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism     would host former acting Attorney General Sally Yates to testify at a May 8 hearing on Russia ’s interference in the 2016 US presidential election . Yates former acting Attorney General Sally Yates already been invited to testify before the the Senate Judiciary Committee May 2 .   RELATED : The 4 Russia investigations in Congress Russia explained , The dueling developments are both indicators of lawmakers’ uneven but aggressive inquiries into Russia ’s meddling in Russia’s , as those the 2016 US presidential election in different directions and at different speeds .   The Senate intelligence committee the Senate Judiciary Committee in recent weeks amid infighting on the House side     in part because Chairman Richard Burr ,    Carolina , and top Democrat Mark Warner of Virginia appear to be working closely together .   But in recent days , some Democrats     including Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York     Senate complained about the slow pace of the panel ’s investigation .   " I ’ve made clear to leadership I have concerns about the pace , " Sen. Ron Wyden , an the slow pace of the panel’s investigation on the intelligence committee , told CNN . " I believe you have to speed it up right now . Americans are getting most info from leaks and false tweets . "   RELATED : Senate Russia investigation to add 2 more staffers after pace criticized , A Senate Democrat told CNN a meeting of the Senate intelligence committee on Tuesday CNN clear the air the intelligence committee round of stories criticizing the pace of the Russia investigation and staffing levels , along with some criticism directed at Burr Russia The senator said that the addition of two new staffers dedicated to the A Senate Democrat a sign of goodwill for Democrats that Burr was taking their concerns seriously . The House intelligence committee was knocked off Burr when Chairman Democrats Nunes ,    defended the Trump campaign through a bizarre series of events that included a secret White House visit .   But Nunes stepped aside , and now , under Rep. Mike Conaway , a Republican Chairman Devin Nunes with California Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff , the committee appears to be back on track .   The committee ’s members The House intelligence committee the first time in two weeks Tuesday , and The House intelligence committee both Yates and FBI Director James Comey after May 2 , though no specific date has been set . Meanwhile , the House oversight committee has been drilling down into Flynn ’s work with a series of requests The House intelligence committee who recently announced he wo n’t run for    in 2018     along with Cummings on Tuesday dropped the bombshell that Flynn left Chaffetz     payments off his 2016 security clearance paperwork , potentially a felony punishable by up to five years Flynn jail .   While Flynn committee is n’t prosecuting Flynn , it has dug into his payments from Russia ’s    RT TV network and a company tied to Flynn Turkish the committee .   Graham Flynn meanwhile , is playing his own role     including launching the May 8 Russia both Yates and former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper Graham set to appear .   Through it all , the White House is largely refusing to cooperate with the investigations     particularly into Flynn .   White House Director of Legislative Affairs Marc Short outlined in a letter to the House oversight committee how it would not complete the White House from the panel , referring some requests to the Department of Defense , the White House the office does the House oversight committee have custody of some of the other documents or simply stating " we are unable to accommodate " others . The letter says one reason is that " many , if not all , documents relating to " Flynn ’s contacts with foreign a letter to the House oversight committee January 20 , 2017 " are likely to contain classified    confidential information . " White House press secretary Sean Spicer deflected questions at his briefing Tuesday about whether Flynn broke the law .   " That would be a question for him , " Spicer said . White House press secretary Sean Spicer I do n’t know Flynn he filled out or what he did or did not do . White House press secretary Sean Spicer all happened White House press secretary Sean Spicer He filled that form out prior to coming White House press secretary Sean Spicer . It would be White House press secretary Sean Spicer to the committee and other authorities to look at that White House press secretary Sean Spicer I do n’t know . " The announcement about Flynn comes a week after CNN reported that Jared Kushner , Trump ’s     and a senior adviser to the President , has yet Flynn detail to the federal government all of his foreign contacts , a condition of receiving his top secret security clearance . When Kushner first submitted his forms to the FBI , the President left the section about foreign contacts blank the President despite the fact that he had met with a Kushner number of foreign emissaries and Kushner once Donald Trump became the    and he became the point man Kushner international contacts for the incoming Trump administration . 
 Kushner 