’   ’ "    The Syrian government seems pleased with US      Donald Trump ’s stunning victory last week . " ’    The Syrian government last last week its The Syrian government that Hillary Clinton    lost , saying it was " happy " she did Hillary Clinton win because " she’ ’s the    one who considered all these terrorist , Islamist , jihadist groups    as moderate rebels . " ’ ’    And Syrian President Bashar Assad   by saying Trump will be a " natural ally "    if he keeps his promise he fight " terrorists " in Syria . ’ ’    " We can not tell anything about what he’ ’s going to do , but if . ..    he is he to fight the terrorists , of course we are going to be    ally , natural ally in that regard with the Russian , with the    Iranian , with many other countries , " Assad told Portugal’ ’s RTP    state television . ’ ’    Zakaria Malahifji , head of the political office of an      rebel group ,   that he fears ’ ’   Zakaria Malahifji, head of the political office of an     rebel group,   things for Syria’ ’s    opposition " will become difficult because of Trump’ ’s statements    and his relationship ’ ’   Zakaria Malahifji, head of the political office of an     rebel group,   Putin and Russia . " ’ ’    " I imagine this is not good for the Syrian issue , " he added Putin ’ ’    A source close to the    community , who wished    to remain anonymous , put it bluntly . ’ ’    " This is the most dreadful turn of events imaginable , I think , "    the source , whose family is from Damascus , told Business Insider . ’ ’    " We’’re scared for our lives , " he added We’’re " But we’’re afraid We’’re we    our he will be Trump likely to let Russia bomb the    opposition into oblivion . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump has said Trump wants to Trump to work with Russia and Assad Russia    fight the Islamic State , and he has indicated Trump he could pull Trump back US support to Syrian rebels fighting the Assad regime . ’ ’    " I don’’t like Assad at all Assad but Assad is killing Assad , " Trump    said during the second presidential debate . ’ ’    And in an   last week , the      said Trump    have no idea " who the rebels really are . ’ ’    On ’ ’    and Russian President Trump    Putin   Putin    first postelection interaction . The day after ,    Putin   Putin the first airstrikes on Syria in more than three    weeks . ’ ’    In a heartening sign for the opposition , however , Congress on    Tuesday overwhelmingly voted to pass a bill   —    titled the    —    to place sanctions on    the Assad regime , as well as Russian and Iranian actors close to    it , for war crimes and crimes against humanity . ’ ’    The bipartisan legislation was proposed by New York Rep. Eliot    Engel , a ranking Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee .    He said Tuesday that " under this legislation , if you’’re    as    a lifeline to The bipartisan legislation regime , you risk getting caught up in the    net of our sanctions . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Rep. Ed Royce , a Republican from California and chairman of the    committee , said " America has been sitting back and watching these    atrocities for far too long . " ’ ’    " Vital US national security interests are at stake , " he said .    " For there to be peace in Syria , the parties must come together .    And as long as Assad and his backers can slaughter the    of    Syria with no consequences Assad there is no hope for peace . Syria ’ ’    It is unclear what steps the    would take with    regard to Syria once he is inaugurated . He is reportedly    for his Syria of    state , including he New York City Mayor he Giuliani , former    UN Ambassador John Bolton , and South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley .    Both Giuliani and Bolton are foreign policy hawks , and all three    have little diplomatic experience . ’ ’    Giuliani has implied that he would support a    zone in Syria Giuliani to stem the Giuliani of refugees trying to enter the US and Europe . ’ ’    " You pour them back into Syria , and you put them in a    zone    in Syria , " Giuliani   them year . " Send them back Syria Syria . That’ ’s where    they belong . them ’ ’ Syria ’ ’    Bolton , them ,   the US to take on a more aggressive role in    challenging Assad’ ’s power , both with the creation of an    independent Sunni state in northeastern Syria and western Iraq    and by " moving beyond sanctions and Syria , and " in Iran , an Assad ally . ’ "    In any case , some rebels and opposition leaders   —    frustrated with    what they perceive as a lack of support from the US   — some rebels and opposition leaders  —    do n’t think    Trump ’s Syria policy would differ dramatically from that of       Barack Obama . They remain steadfastly committed to    ousting Assad . " ’    Trump’s Syria policy We are like cockroaches   —    nothing can kill us , " one opposition    leader   in Stockholm last week We news broke of    Trump’ ’s victory . ’ ’    Still , a European official   that the EU expects Trump " will defer to    Putin on many things . " ’ ’    " This one is actually rather simple for him , " the official said .    " He will outsource   Putin and concentrate a European official  that the EU expects Trump " . " ’ 
 a European official  that the EU expects Trump "    