President Obama ’s former doctor Dr. David Scheiner says Hillary Clinton should have a neurological examination to prove that Hillary Clinton is fit to serve as president of the United States . [ " It ’s not enough , " former doctor Dr. David Scheiner said , referring to Hillary Clinton ’s letter from a doctor citing a doctor physical fitness . former doctor Dr. David Scheiner said , pointing to Clinton’s age of 68 .   " I think Hillary Clinton should have had a neurological examination , a thorough neurological examination in 2016 , " former doctor Dr. David Scheiner said in an interview with CNN ’s Erin Burnett . Obama ’s former doctor Dr. David Scheiner recommends that @HillaryClinton get a " thorough neurological examination " pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) August 31 , 2016 ,   He compared Clinton ’s former doctor Dr. David Scheiner   —    which Bill Clinton admitted that it Clinton six months to recover from Clinton —    to a head injury in the NFL . " We know what happens to football players who have had concussions , how they begin to lose some of football players who have had concussions cognitive ability , " he football players who have had concussions , calling former doctor Dr. David Scheiner Clinton to release her medical records Clinton Scheiner pointed Clinton that he also had questions about Clinton Scheiner use of Coumadin to Clinton clots . " I ’d like to know how well she ’s being controlled , that ’s Clinton difficult drug to use , " he said . Scheiner retired in 2014 Scheiner after 35 Scheiner of practicing medicine . During the interview , Scheiner recalled warmly his letter of fitness Scheiner Obama , Scheiner he was a candidate for president , Scheiner him as a man who was youthful Scheiner built of " solid muscle . " He also ridiculed Trump ’s letter from Scheiner doctor promoting him as " the Scheiner individual ever Scheiner to the presidency " and suggested that the billionaire appeared overweight . Although Scheiner said he had " misgivings " about Clinton Scheiner president , he preferred her immensely to the idea Scheiner Trump Clinton president . " He scares Trump devil out of me Scheiner " he said . 
 Scheiner Scheiner 