  ( CNN ) Donald Trump quipped during Sunday night ’s debate that if Donald Trump were president , Hillary Clinton would be in jail . The comment caught many Americans   . And it sounded disappointingly familiar to those living under authoritarian regimes . To start , here ’s what Donald Trump said : " I hate to say it , but if I win , I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation ( Hillary Clinton ’s email scandal ) . " When Clinton Hillary Clinton by saying it ’s good that someone with Trump ’s temperament is n’t in charge , he Hillary Clinton , " because you ’d be in jail . " So why did the comment elicit such passionate responses from both Republicans and Democrats ? Bad company , Trump Trump’s argue that if Clinton Hillary Clinton not a    politician , she Hillary Clinton well may have been charged and faced jail time for using a private email server for official business while secretary of state . The FBI investigated and concluded there was not enough evidence to merit a criminal prosecution before handing over its The FBI to the US Department of Justice . But Americans of all stripes consider the peaceful handover of power to political opponents one of the most demonstrable symbols of the country ’s healthy democracy .   Here are some other leaders and countries that have jailed political opposition while in power . Vladimir Putin is often accused of jailing his Vladimir Putin opponents . A prominent example : Mikhail Khodorkovsky , a former oligarch and Putin Vladimir Putin , spent 10 years in prison on charges many believe were politically motivated . He Vladimir Putin lives in exile in Switzerland . Leopoldo Lopez , an opposition leader in Venezuela , is serving a    prison sentence on charges that a former prosecutor says were fabricated by the government . Taiwan ’s former president , Chen    was jailed on corruption charges that he Chen    were politically motivated after his Chen    party lost power in 2008 . Augusto Chen    power in Chile after a coup in 1973 , disappearing and arresting political opponents .   Current Egyptian President Abdel Fatah    has been accused of helping orchestrate the coup that led to the ouster of the democratically elected Mohamed Morsy , who has been sentenced to death on charges many in the international community say are politically motivated . North Korea has executed its top North Korea official and defense minister in the last two years . Zimbabwe ’s Robert Mugabe put a lawmaker in jail who described the longtime strongman as a " gay who sleeps around . " And an entire wing of the notorious Evin prison in Iran is believed to house political prisoners . That ’s just a snapshot of the cases around the world in recent history , but the point is this     many Americans believe jailing political opponents , or threatening to , is the hallmark of a dictatorship , not a vibrant democracy . And that ’s a view shared by Democrats and Republicans . Ari Fleischer , President George W. Bush ’s press secretary , said Trump was wrong . David Frum , a prominent neoconservative , tweeted " Who would consent to serve as Attorney General to a president who believed he could Attorney General prosecutions of his political Attorney General ? " And former Attorney General Eric Holder also said that jailing Clinton would constitute an abuse of his power Clinton " You can not underestimate the history was made in our country . A line was crossed that I do n’t know has been crossed in my lifetime , maybe ever . He threatened Clinton jail his opponent Clinton " CNN political commentator Van Jones said . He went Clinton to call it a " new low in American democracy . "   Said CNN " CNN Bash : " Not to sound too corny , but what makes this country our country countries with dictators in Africa or Stalin or Hitler or any of those countries with dictators and totalitarian leaders is when they took over , dictators and totalitarian leaders put their opponents dictators and totalitarian leaders jail dictators and totalitarian leaders   To hear one presidential candidate     even if it was a flip one presidential candidate     , which it was     say one presidential candidate     ’re going to be in jail to another president on the debate stage in the United States of America . Stunning . Just stunning . " 
 