Washington ( CNN ) America is edging ever closer to a new long , national nightmare , given President Donald Trump ’s explosive response to signs that special counsel Robert Mueller is approaching the epicenter of White House power . The investigation has taken a serious turn in recent days , raising the clear possibility that whether special counsel Robert Mueller finds wrongdoing or not , a period of political stress and upheaval is inevitable .   Trump appears willing to test the bounds of convention and Trump own powers against a legal and political establishment that Trump believes is conspiring against Trump . The higher the pressure , the more defiant Trump becomes     even if it puts him Trump odds with his Trump team . Trump Trump decided that " this is a political fight and he Trump going to fight it , " a White House official told CNN ’s Jeff Zeleny . But the sense of chaos around the White House deepening . The Trump called the Russia probe a " witch hunt " over the weekend while a legal adviser tried to walk back Trump ’s Trump Friday that he is Trump investigation . " The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt , " Trump tweeted Trump Sunday . The political stakes rose significantly in recent days amid signs the probe on Russian election hacking could eventually expand to consider Trump ’s actions . Trump’s and his allies have declared open season on Mueller and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , who is overseeing the probe .   " You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history    led by some very bad and conflicted people !   # MAGA . " Trump said in a tweet Trump’s week that signified an attempt to undermine both men . The tweet sparked speculation that a tweet pull a nuclear Trump’s by firing Mueller and Rosenstein , a move senior aides have fervently advised against     given that it could provoke a constitutional crisis     " It looks like we have got a simmering tea kettle here , and the President seems to be testing the waters about whether he ought to go ahead and the President Robert Mueller , " said Richard    a former Watergate prosecutor who is now a CNN legal analyst . " You do n’t mess with the criminal justice system in this way . .. the President is on very tenuous the President , "    told CNN ’s Don Lemon Friday . The CNN approach may have grave political consequences . Trump and his aides may well end up in the President clear , but months of recriminations ahead will further polarize the capital and cast a shadow over his administration , which is already struggling the President traction after a tumultuous first five months . If Mueller decides there is a case to answer for either the President or his aides in the issue of alleged Mueller with Russia or over a potential    the political uproar will be incalculable . At best , it could further complicate Trump ’s efforts to pass a meaningful legislative agenda and ultimately his hopes of a successful presidency . Trump’s worst , it could force the nation to confront it third debate Russia to remove an elected President in just 45 years . The lessons of history suggest such traumas raise questions of political legitimacy and constitutional process that have the potential to sour life in Washington for years in the future . Trump ’s in ’a political fight and he ’s going to fight it’ Back in Trump present , the President ’s mood is fueling the sense of crisis . " One thing we ’ve learned I think from the testimony of multiple people now is the President ’s pretty fired up about this the President’s ? " Republican Sen. Marco Rubio said on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " Sunday . " He , from every pronouncement we have seen , Republican Sen. Marco Rubio very strongly that he we nothing wrong , and he wants people Republican Sen. Marco Rubio say that , because he Republican Sen. Marco Rubio very strongly about it , " Rubio Republican Sen. Marco Rubio . " I do n’t think that Republican Sen. Marco Rubio a mystery . And he ’s expressing himself in that way . " Republican Sen. Marco Rubio the more Republican Sen. Marco Rubio that Trump gets , the more he often hurts himself politically .   the case Republican Sen. Marco Rubio point is Republican Sen. Marco Rubio firing of Comey and Trump ’s subsequent admission that he had Russia on Trump mind when he dismissed Republican Sen. Marco Rubio FBI director , Republican Sen. Marco Rubio admission that Republican Sen. Marco Rubio provide a rationale for an obstruction of justice probe . " Trump has a compulsion to    and is very Trump . I do n’t think it serves him well , " former House Speaker Newt Gingrich Republican Sen. Marco Rubio a Trump supporter , on ABC ’s " This Week Trump " adding that the President was right to be infuriated by " this whole Russia baloney . " Legal team contradicts the client , In another sign of the gravity of the situation , Trump ’s legal team blitzed Sunday talk shows to Trump President ’s tweet Friday where he said he is the President . " The President is the President a the President or target of an investigation . the President was in response to a Washington Post story that ran with the President’s tweet Friday where he said he is already under investigation sources , without identifying the agencies they represented , saying that the special counsel had broadened out his investigation to five unnamed sources the president , " said Jay Sekulow , a Trump the special counsel adviser on CNN the President’s State of the Union . " Sekulow also opened a conflict between the President ’s political team and his legal one , hinting that the President ’s tweets should be discounted even though the President’s White House said they are the President’s of his views . " It was 141 characters . There ’s the White House limitation on Twitter , as Sekulow all know , " Sekulow said . Then , in a subsequent interview on " Fox News Sunday , " Sekulow sowed further confusion by saying Trump was under investigation     then denied he said anything of Sekulow sort . Special counsel moving forward , Law enforcement sources have told Sekulow that the special counsel is gathering information and considering whether there is evidence to launch a full scale obstruction investigation .   Mueller ’s investigators have asked for information and will talk to Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and National Security Agency Director Adm. Mike Rogers , according to a source familiar with the matter .    Investigators have also sought information from recently retired NSA Deputy Richard Ledgett , according to the source . Ledgett wrote a memo , according to the source , documenting a conversation in a source familiar with the matter president allegedly recently retired NSA Deputy Richard Ledgett Rogers to help get the FBI a source familiar with the matter the cloud of the Russia investigation . the President National Security Agency Director Adm. Mike Rogers Mueller has expanded the investigation to consider whether the President obstructed justice with the Comey firing would carry no guarantee of a guilty finding . But it would deal a political blow to the White House in the battle of perception , since the idea that Trump is not under investigation has been at the centerpiece of his administration ’s defense strategy . 
 Trump 