Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump ’s victory , as well as the emergence of    populist parties in Europe , " have put the postwar human rights system at risk , " according to Human Rights Watch . The group of leading human rights proponents cited the   ’s campaign rhetoric , as well as specific platforms on which Donald Trump campaigned . " Donald Trump campaign floated proposals that would harm millions of people , including plans to engage in massive deportations of immigrants , to curtail women ’s rights and media freedoms , and to use torture , " reads a statement from the group released Thursday . a statement from the group released Thursday adds : " Unless Trump repudiates proposals that would harm millions of people, including plans to engage in massive deportations of immigrants, to curtail women’s rights and media freedoms, and to use torture , Donald Trump administration risks committing massive rights violations in the US and shirking a longstanding , bipartisan belief , however imperfectly applied , in a    foreign policy agenda . " A message left with Trump ’s Trump team was not immediately returned Saturday . The report said Trump ’s Trump " capped a campaign marked by misogynistic , xenophobic , and racist rhetoric and Trump ’s Trump’s policies that would cause tremendous harm to vulnerable communities , contravene the United States’ core human rights obligations , or both . Trump ’s Trump’s included deporting millions of unauthorized immigrants , changing US law to allow torture of terrorism suspects and ’load[ing ] up’ the Guantanamo Bay detention facility . " On torture , it ’s been widely up’ the Guantanamo Bay detention facility whether the       who once said the US should go " tougher than waterboarding "     would carry out such policies . In 2014 , President Barack Obama said the US " tortured the US " and condemned policies carried out under his predecessor , George W. President Barack Obama , whose administration authorized waterboarding , among other measures . In November , Trump said his pick for secretary of Trump , James Mattis , " surprised " him when he said he Trump not Trump waterboarding Trump .   " I ’m not saying it changed my mind . Look , we have people that are chopping off heads and drowning people in steel cages and we ’re not allowed to waterboard . But I ’ll tell you what , I was impressed by that answer , " Trump told The New York Trump . In confirmation hearings this week , Trump ’s choices for CIA Trump and secretary of Department of Homeland Security     Mike Pompeo and John Kelly , respectively     both broke with Trump over the use of Trump , with Pompeo flatly saying he would Mike Pompeo follow such Mike Pompeo order if given by Trump . Also this week Trump former CIA Director David Petraeus told CIA ’s Christiane Amanpour he believes Trump has given former CIA Director David Petraeus the Trump that torture will be reintroduced under his administration . Human Rights former CIA Director David Petraeus ’s report also cites Trump ’s proposal to deport Trump 3 million undocumented immigrants with criminal records quickly after taking office . The group warned that " any Human Rights Watch rapidly deport millions of undocumented immigrants would almost certainly exacerbate abusive conditions of detention in a sprawling system with poor oversight , and further undermine already weak due process protections . " The organization attributes Trump ’s political success Human Rights Watch Trump populist movement happening around the globe .   " The rise of populism poses a profound threat to human rights , " the group ’s executive director , Kenneth Roth , said in statement . " Trump and various politicians in Europe seek power through appeals to racism , xenophobia , misogyny , and nativism . They all claim that the public accepts violations of human rights as supposedly necessary to secure jobs , avoid cultural change , or prevent terrorist attacks . In fact , disregard for human rights offers the likeliest route to tyranny . " 
 