  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton told donors in a conference call Saturday that FBI Director James Comey delivered a double whammy to Hillary Clinton candidacy in the final days of the campaign by taking another look at emails related to Hillary Clinton ’s private server before abruptly saying FBI Director James Comey found no wrongdoing . A member of Hillary Clinton national finance committee who was on the call told CNN that Hillary Clinton placed at least some of the blame on FBI Director James Comey for Hillary Clinton stunning defeat to Donald Trump . Hillary Clinton said the first letter from FBI Director James Comey , sent to Congress on October 28 , stopped the momentum Hillary Clinton had built after three debates and the release of Donald Trump ’s " Access Hollywood " tape . Hillary Clinton said the second letter , which came nine days later and exonerated Clinton , simply fired up Donald Trump supporters and did n’t put any     voters who had been leaning Hillary Clinton way at ease . Hillary Clinton said the FBI development was too much to " overcome , " the donor on the call told CNN , but Hillary Clinton acknowledged there were other headwinds facing Hillary Clinton campaign that they did n’t adequately combat . But several Democrats interviewed in the aftermath of the election say Hillary Clinton is hardly blameless , pointing to Hillary Clinton original decision in 2009 to create a private email server outside of government systems during Hillary Clinton time as secretary of state .   " If there had been no private server in the first place there would not have been an FBI investigation , " Jim Manley , a longtime Democratic strategist , wrote in a Twitter message on Saturday . On the call , Clinton urged supporters to move forward and keep fighting for supporters beliefs . The conversation , which lasted about 30 minutes , was not open to the press . Another Democrat on the call said Clinton Clinton the loss as " heartbreaking . " As she Clinton in her Clinton speech Wednesday , Clinton Clinton supporters that she Clinton sorry for not being able to defeat Trump . The the call far from a full accounting of the stunning upset , but rather a chance for Clinton to Clinton her supporters Clinton after the    campaign . She was Clinton overtly critical of Trump , Trump participants on the call the call , but she did urge Clinton to rise up and continue fighting against divisive rhetoric targeting immigrants and others . She did not Clinton in a     over other factors that contributed to her loss , Clinton what many Democrats said was a failure to articulate an economic message that appealed to    voters across the Rust Belt . 
 