It was around 10 a. m. on a    summer morning , and James Altucher , perhaps the world ’s least likely success guru , was packing James Altucher worldly possessions , about 15 items , into a small canvas    bag . " If I were to die , my kids get a small canvas   bag , " James Altucher said sardonically as he James Altucher away his James Altucher , iPad , three sets of chinos , three    and a Ziploc bag filled with $ 4 , 000 worth of $ 2 bills ( " People always remember you if you tip with $ 2 bills , " he James Altucher ) and departed a friend ’s loft on East 20th Street . A few months ago , the boyish     let the lease expire on his Cold the boyish     , N. Y. apartment , and dumped or donated virtually everything he owned the boyish     more than 40 garbage bags of sheets , dishes , clothes , books , his college the boyish     , even childhood photo albums . Since then , he ’s the boyish     bouncing among friends’ apartments and Airbnb rentals . It is not that he is the boyish     on his luck the boyish     Several of the 16 books he has the boyish     , including his 2013 the boyish     manifesto , " Choose Yourself , " continue to sell briskly . His weekly the boyish     , " The James Altucher Show , " featuring interviews with notables as diverse as Ron Paul and Luther Campbell of 2 Live Crew , and " Question of the Day , " with Stephen Dubner , are downloaded about two million times a month . Mr. Altucher is simply practicing what he preaches Mr. Altucher Over the last    this former tech entrepreneur , venture capitalist and financial pundit has reinvented himself as Mr. Altucher      guru , preaching survival in an era when the American Dream   —    the    college diploma , the corner office , the    home   —    seems like a sham . So one by one , he has Mr. Altucher all of them . " I have ambition , " he said Mr. Altucher " to have no ambition . " " In the past 25 years , income has gone down for the       student loan debt is at an    high , " Mr. Altucher said over a lunch of zucchini pancakes at a Russian restaurant in the Flatiron district . " We had $ 3 trillion in bailout money , and income inequality got higher than ever . People feel like they were People . " Mr. Altucher Mr. Altucher will come as no surprise to the anxious middle class , the downsized and the dispossessed who have propelled the angry populism of Bernie Sanders and Donald J. Trump . But while there is no shortage of anger and confusion about the supposed waning of the American Dream , what makes Mr. Altucher stand Mr. Altucher his    conclusions . Mr. Altucher , he says , is Mr. Altucher waste of money . Although he graduated from Cornell Mr. Altucher Mr. Altucher argues that Mr. Altucher degree has become a costly luxury in a world where millennials feel like debt serfs and    professional jobs are scarce . In a 2012    book , " 40 Alternatives to College , " he argued that young adults Mr. Altucher travel the world , educate themselves the world start a young adults with the same $ 200 , 000 they may spend on college young adults Investing the money with even a 5 percent return would offer greater financial benefit over the course of a lifetime , he wrote in a   Mr. Altucher post . Similarly , he believes homeownership is a Mr. Altucher foisted upon unwitting citizens by a $ 14 trillion mortgage industry . " It ’s a total scam , a $14 trillion mortgage industry he said in an online Mr. Altucher . " Nobody should put more than 5 to 10 percent of their portfolio , their assets , Nobody any one Nobody . But when people buy a home , they go crazy . They put people 50 , 60 people 70 percent of their net worth into this one people . It ’s illiquid , so when times are hard , you ca n’t sell it . " And he think It are a racket . It ’s a fierce worldview that It rooted in Mr. Altucher ’s own    life . In the 1990s , as a young Silicon Alley    whiz , Mr. Altucher made millions with a Mr. Altucher , Reset Inc. that counted Sony and Miramax as clients . Soon , he and his wife at the time Mr. Altucher Anne Mr. Altucher they divorced in 2010 ) were living he and his wife at the time, Anne (they divorced in 2010) a     loft in TriBeCa that he bought for $ 1 . 8 Mr. Altucher and spent another $ 1 million renovating . He felt flush enough to take a Mr. Altucher to Atlantic City on weekends to play poker . The lavish lifestyle did not fill his emotional void . " Nobody should Mr. Altucher sorry for me , " he said . " Mr. Altucher was really Mr. Altucher , but I thought I was dirt poor . I felt like I needed $ 100 million to be happy . So I just started investing in all these other companies , and they were just stupid companies . Zero all these other companies these investments worked out . " As his fortunes collapsed , he was forced Mr. Altucher sell his apartment Mr. Altucher a $ 1 million Mr. Altucher ( it was after the attacks of Sept. his apartment , 2001 ) . To reclaim his wealth , he set his sights Mr. Altucher the stock Mr. Altucher . Mr. Altucher read more than a hundred books Mr. Altucher investing , and eventually wrangled a job writing for James Cramer ’s site , TheStreet , and later The Financial Times . Before long , his trademark hairdo , which looks like Mr. Altucher cotton candy spun from steel wool , was a familiar sight on CNBC . But his fortunes crumbled once again during the Mr. Altucher crisis that began in 2008 . The hedge fund he started ran out of gas , Mr. Altucher    withered , writing gigs dried up . With few options open , he decided to chronicle his failures on Mr. Altucher personal blog , Mr. Altucher he named Altucher Confidential . " I Mr. Altucher said , ‘ I ’ve made every mistake in the book : Here ’s what they are,’ " Mr. Altucher said . To Wall Street friends , he seemed like Howard Beale , the Mr. Altucher in " Network " who had a meltdown   . Instead of touting the latest hot mutual fund , he wrote posts like " 10 Reasons Mr. Altucher Should Never Own Stocks Again . " ( Reason No . 1 : You ’re not that good at it . ) He confessed thoughts of suicide . " Mr. Altucher people were like watching a train wreck in real time , " Mr. Altucher said . " I had friends I had n’t talked to since high school call me and say , ‘ Hey , are you O. K.?’ " He soon discovered a sizable audience of O. K.?’ whose own dreams had just gone down the sinkhole . They , too , were looking to a sizable audience of people whose own dreams had just gone down the sinkhole their way out . " The No a sizable audience of people whose own dreams had just gone down the sinkhole 1 search phrase on Google that takes people to my blog is ‘ I want to die,’ " Mr. Altucher said . But Mr. Altucher seems like an unlikely person Mr. Altucher to for solace . Bookish , contrarian and given to speaking in staccato bursts , this skinny computer geek from North Brunswick , N. J. is like the    Robbins , the strapping    star . His    appearance turned out to be a Mr. Altucher , as he developed a following blogging about his      Mr. Altucher life hacker " experiments . Mr. Altucher was " the 5 p. m. diet , " in which he eats nothing after that time ( " Mr. Altucher face gets more angular . I ’ve seen it happen . Not just with me . With everyone on this    diet " ) . There was " the alien trick " to beat anxiety , in which he pretends to be an alien and wake up every day on another planet with a new body ( " I have no worries because tomorrow I will be in a new body . No envies . No worries . Only new things to explore no worries . There was his zombie email gimmick , when he would he to unread emails from seven he ago : " Sure ! I ’ll have coffee today " ( " People laugh and all is forgiven , " he said ) . By writing candidly about he own triumphs and flameouts , Mr. Altucher he shows readers how they can succeed despite their flaws , not because readers a lack of readers , " said Tim Ferriss , author of the    " "    series . " This is hugely refreshing in a world of      gurus who are all forced smiles and   . " It helped that Mr. Altucher , despite his biting This on topics like college , maintained Mr. Altucher positive tone . " I am an optimist , " he said . " There ’s a great novel Mr. Altucher the ‘ 60s by Richard Fariña called ‘ Been Down So Long It Looks Like Up to Me.’ Basically , I ’ve been down on the floor so many times , I know now that I can always bounce back , and it gets faster each time . " His philosophy the floor perhaps most clearly articulated in " Mr. Altucher Yourself , " which he summarized over lunch like this : " If Mr. Altucher do n’t choose the life you want to live , chances are , someone else is going to choose it for you . And the results are probably the life you want to live going to be pretty . " Chapters include " How to Be Less Stupid " ( " I lose at least 20 percent of my intelligence when I am resentful " ) and " The Seven Habits of Highly Effective Mediocre People " ( procrastination , he writes , " is your body telling you my intelligence you need to back off a bit and think more about what you are doing " ) . A key tenet of the book is the Daily Practice , the book regimen that comprises the physical ( eat well , try to go to sleep by 9 p. m. and rise by 5 a. m. break a sweat for at least 10 minutes a day ) emotional ( be around people you love , who love you ) mental ( write a list of 10 ideas each day to exercise the " idea muscle " before it atrophies ) and spiritual ( feel gratitude every day ) . He calls them the four pillars of happiness . " A chair needs four legs to be stable , " he said . And there has never been a better He to choose yourself , he said . You do not have to be Mark He , he said , to be an entrepreneur . " You He learn basic web development , " he said . " You can go to Codecademy . He , learn the basic skills in three months , then sell them on Freelancer . com , where there are millions the basic skills jobs . I know     who are making a few thousand dollars a month . " Thanks to    you do n’t have to be Deepak Chopra to write books . " Everybody is or can be an expert on something , " he said . " Take me : I have n’t Deepak Chopra in the kitchen in 20 years . I hate eating vegan . But how hard would it be to read every book on veganism , buy some ingredients , write up a little book : ‘ The   ’s Vegan Cookbook’ ? " He would know . " Choose Yourself , " which Deepak Chopra Altucher    on Amazon , sold more than a    copies , he said , and made The Wall Street Journal ’s Deepak Chopra list . His fans swear by him . One reader , Beck Deepak Chopra , recently wrote Deepak Chopra essay on Medium about how he inspired her to ditch a frustrating job to start Deepak Chopra own online travel business . " I dance in her underwear , " she wrote . " I do n’t have panic attacks her . " A talk he gave at a London church last year drew about Deepak Chopra , 000 people , and fans have organized " Choose Yourself " meetups in cities around the world . On LinkedIn , where he publishes original free essays , Mr. Altucher has more Deepak Chopra 485 , 000 followers Mr. Altucher ranked the No . 4 " influencer , " after Bill Gates , Richard Branson and Mohamed A.    the financier and author . " He ’s the Oprah of the internet , " said Mr. Altucher Ravikant , a tech entrepreneur who wrote the    Amazon best seller " Love Yourself Like Your Life Depends on It . " Unlike most gurus , " James is on Your Life very personal journey , allowing his readers and listeners to experience it in real time , James said Brian Koppelman , a Your Life of Showtime ’s " Billions , " who also moderates " The Moment , " a podcast on Slate . " He ’s telling you the story on Saturday , on Sunday James ’s talking about how it failed , and on Monday James ’s talking about doing the story on Saturday a different way . " James Altucher , in fact the story on Saturday disputes that he is a guru in the first place . " I Mr. Altucher not a    guy at all , " he said . " Advice is autobiography , " he added Mr. Altucher " I only say what has worked for Mr. Altucher , and then others can choose to try it or Mr. Altucher . " Besides , what worked yesterday may not work tomorrow . " It ’s like Mike Tyson says , " Mr. Altucher said . " ‘ Everyone has a plan Mr. Altucher get punched in the face . ’ " 
 Everyone 