Washington ( CNN ) Democratic Sens . Dick Durbin and Dianne Feinstein are calling on Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to resign if no special prosecutor is named to replace ousted FBI Director James Comey in the investigation into Russia ’s meddling in the 2016 US election . " In an interview with NBC News , President ( Donald ) Trump admitted to firing FBI Director James Comey because of Trump investigation of the Trump campaign ’s Russian connections , " Durbin , who is Senate Minority Whip , said in a statement . " That is dangerously close to obstruction of justice . This morning , the President tweeted a thinly veiled threat to Mr. Comey , which could be construed as threatening a witness in this investigation , which is another violation of federal law . " Feinstein , a California Democrat , echoed the Illinois Senator . " I also support Senator Durbin ’s call for Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to resign if Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein is unwilling to appoint a special counsel , " Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein said . " These investigations are far too important to risk disruption , delay or interference . " These investigations comments come as concern grows over the Trump campaign ’s ties to Russia . While White House officials     including Vice President Mike Pence     initially said Trump decision to fire Comey came on the recommendation of Rosenstein , Trump Trump a conflicting reason in an interview with NBC . Trump Trump in that an interview with NBC he Trump thinking of " this Russia Russia " when he Trump to fire Comey , who had been overseeing the bureau ’s investigation . Now , Trump Trump his Trump House advisers argue that Comey Trump removal could lengthen the Russia the bureau’s investigation White House spokeswoman Sarah White House said Comey ’s dismissal would allow Comey’s to " come to its conclusion with integrity . " the probe CNN reported Friday evening , people familiar with Rosenstein ’s thinking say he does n’t see a need Rosenstein this point for a special prosecutor . Democratic lawmakers     including New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker     have pushed for the appointment of a special prosecutor in order to ensure that there is no undue influence on the probe . Attorney General Jeff Sessions , they also argue , should also Democratic lawmakers    including New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker     be involved , given that he recused himself from investigations into the Trump he after it emerged he failed to disclose meetings with he Russian ambassador to Washington . 
 