Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump said Monday that Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel should seek federal assistance to combat homicides in the nation ’s    city . " Chicago murder rate is record setting    4 , 331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016 . If Mayor ca n’t do it Mayor must ask for Federal help ! " Trump tweeted . Trump ’s tweet accurately relayed Chicago homicide numbers . And while they Chicago’s homicide numbers not " record setting , " The Chicago Tribune reports that homicides were up 60 % from 2015 to the highest levels in 20 years . Emanuel , who was President Barack Obama ’s chief of staff from January 2009 to October 2010 , met with Trump in New York last month , urging the    to continue the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program until a modernized immigration system can be decided by Congress .    Emanuel ’s administration said Monday it looks " forward to working with " Trump on crime . " As the the    from his conversation Emanuel the mayor , we agree the federal government has a strong role to play in public safety by funding summer jobs and prevention programming for    youth , by holding the criminals who break our gun laws accountable for their crimes the criminals who break our gun laws by passing meaningful gun laws , and by building on the partnerships our police have with federal law enforcement , " said Adam Collins , Emanuel ’s director of communications , in a statement following Trump ’s tweet .   He added Emanuel’s " We are Adam Collins, Emanuel’s director of communications he is Emanuel’s this issue seriously and look forward to working with the new administration on these important efforts . " The Trump transition Trump’s did not immediately respond to a request for comment about what federal help his administration the new administration Chicago to combat homicide . But California Republican Rep. Darrel Issa told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room " that Emanuel needs Emanuel’s communicate with Trump to Trump’s crime . " What Rahm needs to do is he does need Rahm work with    Trump Trump’s Trump’s President and Rahm for the federal help that will allow him to break up Rahm pockets of very bad people and let his police work on Rahm policing , " he said . " Rahm combination works . " This is n’t the first time Trump has talked Trump’s Chicago ’s crime rate . Often on the campaign trail , Trump would mention Trump’s while suggesting that Chicago tactics such as     could help address the issue . " A policy like     could save thousands of lives in a city like Chicago , just like Chicago saved thousands of A policy like     in New York . Overwhelmingly , this will save    and Hispanic lives     citizens who are entitled to the same protections as every American , " Trump said during a September rally in Florida . While     policies are used in various US cities , the aggressive implementation of     in New York was ruled New York a federal judge in 2013 , who said the policy violated the rights of minorities who were disproportionately targeted . The focus on Chicago homicides comes as Obama is set to deliver his farewell address to the Obama on January 10 from his home city , he Obama Monday . " Obama ’m thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey , to celebrate the ways you ’ve changed this country for the better the nation eight years , and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here , " Obama said of his planned Chicago farewell speech Obama 
 