Here are the top 10 comments of the week on our digital platforms , as selected by our readers and the journalists who moderate nearly every comment . 1 . As an    female , I understand the plight for equality . However , I am severely offended by the continual comparison of a sexual preference , a gender preference , to the plight of an enslaved , raped , lynched , brutalized , oppressed people . Dare anyone compare choice of bathroom to the plight of blacks for the past 400 years ? Is n’t that a bit ridiculous ? First of all , it ’s insulting to every black person in America . As blacks we were born as we are . No choice involved . Transgenders have to make a conscious choice to become a transgender . There is no comparison . People say that Christians force People beliefs on others . Well , people who take these actions and measures are forcing people who take these actions and measures beliefs on those who do n’t agree . There is nothing wrong with a person who prefers to use the bathroom with people of the same gender by birth . Stop making it seem like it is . That ’s judgmental and degrading .   —    Loves’ Redemption in Washington , reacting to an article about the Obama administration telling public schools to allow transgender students to use the restroom that corresponds to transgender students gender identities . 2 . It ’s past time to admit that when it comes to upholding federal law , and even civil rights , many states have pretty much just flipped off the U. S. government , many federal rulings , and even the U. S. Constitution . It ’s now necessary for the U. S. government to bring the hammer down and start insisting that civil rights rulings are not optional , nor are they open to civil rights rulings , overruling , or corruption by any state . Either we are a nation with universal civil rights that are enforceable or we are not . It ’s time to make them stick .   —    GWBear in Florida . This comment received over 200 reader recommendations .   3 . As I listen to Mr. Sanders speak tonight   —    completely caught up in his own hubris Mr. Sanders —    I am fascinated and repulsed by his angry entitlement Mr. Sanders the Democratic nomination . As he was shouting Mr. Sanders momentum and that he is the Mr. Sanders candidate   —    despite the fact that three million more voters preferred Mrs. Clinton   —    I feel increasingly concerned that he is a Mr. Sanders liability to the party he adopted for Mr. Sanders own convenience Mr. Sanders   —    Dana in Santa Monica , Calif. reacting to an article about Senator Bernie Sanders ’s victory in the West Virginia primary . This comment received Dana in Santa Monica, Calif. , 090 reader recommendations and 127 reader responses . 4 . I am absolutely astounded at the way these analyses ignore the obvious : The Trump phenomenon is the backlash against our first black president . Come on ! You go back decades dissecting American conservatism , and you somehow manage not to mention that Donald Trump headed the " Birther " movement , which gave racists the okay to assert that Barack Obama was not a real American   —    explicitly because he was alleged ( Barack Obama ) to have been born in Africa ? HELLO ? Are we ever going to be allowed to discuss this elephant in the living room ? Are we supposed to pretend we that the origins of this outburst of hatred are totally mysterious ?   —    DW in Philadelphia , reacting to an article about the Republican Party ’s failure to unite behind its presumptive nominee , the Republican Party J. Trump . This comment received over 1 , 680 reader recommendations and 33 reader responses .   5 . Keep writing away . It does n’t matter what you say , I am still going to vote for him . The more I read against him , the more him want The vote for him .   — him Chris in Louisville , Ky. reacting to a post about Mr. Trump refusing to Donald J. Trump tax returns . 6 Donald J. Trump How many of us believe that the Olympics and every other competition actually award medals for achievement , rather than for who cheats most successfully ? Of course , athletes also train . For strength and skill and endurance . But who does it without drugs ? It ’s not just the it that bothers me , but the effect on young people who do it . The effect of that lifelong secrecy . The effect of knowing that their medal was gained by cheating . It ’s very discouraging .   —    TheraP in the Midwest , reacting to an article about the former chief of Russia ’s antidoping lab detailing a    doping effort   in the 2014 Olympics in Sochi . 7 . Great , another special interest group to pander to .   —    MKM in New York , reacting to an article about Hillary Clinton vowing that as president she would unseal the government Hillary Clinton about Area 51 , reputed to contain classified information about aliens and U. F. O. s. 8 . Colonialism was pretty rude too , Your Majesty .   —    Viraj Vaidya on The Times ’s Facebook page , responding to an article about Queen Elizabeth II ’s criticism of a visiting Chinese delegation , which was caught on a video .   This comment received over 1 , 700 likes . 9 . I find it so ironic that people do these things to their body in the name people " individuality . " The inked and pierced masses are the real sheep .   —    Lena in Ontario , Canada , reacting to an article about body modifications like tattoos , piercings and ear gauging becoming de rigueur on fashion runways .   10 . Brazil will not change . The problem with our country and economy is not the president herself , but our senators and everyone else our ’s been stealing , and ruining our country for their personal Brazil I ’m sad to say that , even though I do n’t support Dilma and never voted for her , what ’s coming is much , much worse than her . I fear for the her of my country .   —    Brazil on The Times ’s Facebook page , responding to an article about impeachment proceedings against Brazil ’s president , Dilma Rousseff . 
 