  ( CNN ) Never underestimate the politician ’s agony at not being talked about for five minutes . That ’s one explanation for Ted Cruz ’s decision to endorse Donald Trump     Ted Cruz’s may be yearning for a return to the national scene . It ’s certainly a surprising move given the two men ’s personal history . Donald Trump called Ted Cruz’s a liar , a Canadian , implied that Donald Trump wife was unattractive and hinted that Donald Trump father might have been linked to the assassination of Jack Kennedy . Ted Cruz’s took revenge in his Ted Cruz’s speech by withholding an endorsement . It was the highest point in his Ted Cruz’s . He Ted Cruz’s ’ve stayed up there . Instead , he Ted Cruz’s prostrated himself Ted Cruz’s Trump on Facebook . Why ? Objectively , it makes some sense . If Trump Trump 10 points behind Clinton , Cruz would be wise to sit out the election and say " I told you so . " The party would owe him Cruz respect . But if Trump Trump loses to Clinton Clinton then Cruz Cruz be blamed for the defeat     with repercussions for his Cruz    effort in Texas . Worse , if Trump Trump wins     Cruz Cruz frozen out of GOP politics for four , maybe even eight years . That ’s a big gamble to take . But this is Cruz ’s Cruz : he ’s Cruz’s tactics , no strategy . It seems smart to play the odds and come out for Trump Trump before the first debate     it gets him Trump and gets him Trump the big guy ’s good books . But when the historians come to tell the story of this election the endorsement is going to look like an odd mix of craven and vain . One does not assert statesmanship by selling one ’s soul in public .    And that ’s what this amounts to . What Cruz did at the convention was remarkable . Brave . To borrow some evangelical language , it was like Daniel walking among the lions . While most other Republicans either stayed away or surrendered to Caesar Trumpus , Cruz walked Cruz into the convention hall and laid out the reasons why he could Cruz endorse . It was subtle , lawyerly and     yes , I ’ll admit it     It to me personally .   Clinton is unacceptable to conservatives . But that does n’t mean that the Republican ticket is automatically preferable . Cruz implied Cruz it is the Republican ticket     which conservatives read as preferable     to remain loyal to the GOP precisely by repudiating Trump . If Trump is Trump a true Republican , then saying so is probably the best thing a conservative can do for the future of    party     to say : " Because I love the Republican Party so much , I can not support this current nominee . "   I call this Cruz ’s greatest moment , not only because he said this Cruz I sympathize with , but because only Cruz this Cruz said it and said it so well it Its power derived it his intellect and this Cruz association with this Cruz conservatism . By endorsing Trump , he has now this Cruz the memory of the best thing he ever did this Cruz politics . There is no point to him after this this Cruz And that , in the words of Trump , is " sad . " Not for Trump , of Trump . He continues to this Cruz Republicans over to the dark side and then wear their souls like Republicans crown . Chris Christie was one of the first     and now looks principled by comparison because he sold out Chris Christie early . The Bushes and Mitt Romney continue to resist . If Hillary Clinton endorses Trump , we ’ll know The Bushes and Mitt Romney really is Hillary Clinton political genius . ( An earlier version incorrectly described the story of Daniel among the lions . ) 
 