’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump is giving House Republicans an ultimatum :    Pass the American Health Care Act on Friday , or Obamacare stays . ’ ’    Mick Mulvaney , the Office of Budget and Management director , made    clear to Republicans on Thursday night that President Donald Trump wants a vote    Friday and that    is done negotiating on the bill to overhaul    healthcare . If it is not passed , the president   reports said . ’ ’The    GOP leadership will bring the bill to overhaul   healthcare to a vote on the House floor    Friday , . It is unclear whether it has the    votes to pass . ’ ’    " Disastrous Obamacare has led to higher costs & fewer    options . It will only continue to get worse ! " Trump tweeted    Thursday evening . " We must # RepealANDReplace . # PassTheBill . " ’ ’    House Republican leaders originally wanted to vote on       AHCA on Thursday , but   led       ’ ’   House Republican leaders delay the vote . ’ ’’ ’    Trump , who   by House Speaker Paul Ryan , met    with Freedom Caucus members on Wednesday and Thursday Thursday could       get them Freedom Caucus members agree to vote for the the AHCA ’ ’    In fact , some concessions that the White House has been    considering for the Freedom Freedom Caucus moderate members of    the GOP waver on the bill .   to drop provisions from    Obamacare that disallow insurers from denying coverage based on    preexisting conditions . They have also urged the bill to be the bill of    essential health benefits that set a    baseline for the necessary coverage a health insurer has to    provide . ’ ’    Mulvaney , once a member of the Freedom Caucus ,    reportedly laid down an    to the GOP members    including the Freedom Caucus and the the Freedom Caucus at a    meeting on Capitol Hill    ’ ’    As of 8 p. m. ET , 33 House Republicans have said they will not    vote for the 33 House Republicans ,   Republicans can only afford to    have 22 GOP members vote "    " for the bill to pass . ’ ’President Donald Trump is giving House . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ House 