  ( CNN ) Former President Barack Obama    into public life on Monday in Chicago and , in the process , offered a potent reminder of what a radical change in direction the country took in the 2016 election . Former President Barack Obama   into public life on Monday in Chicago sat in the middle of a group of young people     all of whom shared all of whom own personal stories about all of whom involvement in public life and why more people all of whom age did n’t follow all of whom lead . Former President Barack Obama   into public life on Monday in Chicago spoke , briefly , at the start of the event about what drew Former President Barack Obama   into public life on Monday in Chicago into community service and politics     " this community taught me that ordinary people , when working together , can do extraordinary things "     but spent most of the rest of the event serving as the moderator of the panel . Obama asked questions here and there to prompt answers from the ( nervous ) panelists and occasionally would interject Obama own views , particularly about how the    of media consumption had created a culture where no one really listens to each other anymore . But , generally speaking , Obama was n’t actually talking all that much . And , what Obama did talk about     the importance of organizing , gerrymandering , the fracturing of the media     were n’t exactly    talking points . It was a professor holding a discussion group with students . Which , of course , makes sense . Obama ’s default position is professorial     to the delight of his allies and the anger of his opponents . After almost 100 days of Donald Trump , the contrast could not have been more striking . Donald Trump ’s first    months in office have been largely defined by a flair for the dramatic and an absolute conviction that the course Trump’s is charting     even if Trump’s changes course      is the right one . There is very little in the way of philosophical conversation about what binds us     and ails us     as a country . It ’s full speed ahead at all times no BS     or       allowed . That is n’t to say one style of leadership is better than the other ( although public polling suggests Trump is significantly less popular at this stage of his Trump term than Obama was ) .   It is to say that it ’s hard for me to imagine that the American public could have chosen two more opposite people to lead the country in consecutive elections . Some of this has to do with the psychology of the voter . Most people tend to favor a clear change in leadership at the end of one president ’s eight years in the White House . They Most people to the qualities they Most people in the current president and seek out a new candidate who seems to embody the opposite of those traits .   So we went from the brilliant but    Bill Clinton to the solid and steady George W. Bush to the young dynamic leader in Obama . And then to to businessman and political outsider Donald Trump . But this latest change is n’t just par for the course . While Bush George W. Bush represented a break from the negative aspects of the Clinton years , he George W. Bush his George W. Bush were still on the same political continuum . Both he and his predecessor been governors . Both he and his predecessor spent years cultivating a political operation . Both he and his predecessor , at their he and his predecessor , orthodox politicians . Trump is not only not an orthodox politician but was elected on his Trump . Given that , any Trump Trump would show him Trump a major departure . But , Obama and Trump Trump nothing     not background , not political view , not anything     in common . How could the public elect two men in consecutive elections who share so little in their two men in consecutive elections who share so little in their beliefs about what’s wrong with the country and how to fix it about what ’s wrong with the country and how to fix it ? I ’m not sure . But my guess is    political polarization coupled with a       that many people are n’t entirely sure what they many people from their many people has a lot to do with it their government 
 