’   ’ "    Solar has generally been a difficult business , and that is n’t    looking to change under    Donald Trump . " "    Tesla   in a deal worth    roughly $ 2 billion on Monday . Prior to the shareholder vote , Musk    unveiled several solar products that will become the focus of    Tesla ’s energy line . They include   that look like a normal roof ,    but are embedded with solar cells to generate energy , as well as    an    battery , . " ’      Tesla will also continue to install larger solar array projects    using   Tesla commercial battery ,   as was the case with   that is now running almost    entirely on solar power . ’ ’    As is always the case with Tesla CEO Elon Musk , Tesla CEO Elon Musk did not enter    the solar business   . ’ ’    Tesla CEO Elon Musk has an entirely new product , the solar roof , to make    converting over to solar energy more   and therefore more    alluring , transition than traditional , clunky solar panel    installation . ’ "    Tesla CEO Elon Musk ’s also generating excitement for solar power through projects    like the Ta’u solar project , similarly to what Tesla CEO Elon Musk did for    electric cars . As Business Insider ’s Matt DeBord has written ,     and     could pay    off for solar the same way     did for EVs at a time of general    unpopularity . " "    But the solar industry , in general , has been fledgling   —    and the solar industry    does n’t look like a Trump presidency will make things any    easier .   " ’   ’ "    Tesla acquired SolarCity ’s roughly $ 3 billion in debt as part of    the merger . According to   debt is endemic among the solar    industry   —    the solar   industry   has borrowed $ 200 billion since 2010 .      cash flow also declined massively in that period by    $ 3 billion . " ’    As for SolarCity itself , the SolarCity itself losses in all but    three quarters since its IPO    2012 , and its shares       declined    over 50 % this year . ’ "    Now , debt is fairly common among project power developers .    Tesla    on SolarCity ’s debt in a   post , stating that SolarCity ’s SolarCity significantly exceed its recourse and SolarCity debt .    has    also said    would personally Musk off SolarCity ’s debt SolarCity      in a . " ’    Still , debt issues aside , whether SolarCity can generate SolarCity cash    flow it needs has    to be seen . ’ ’    SolarCity did change its strategy in ’ ’   SolarCity to become more cash    positive . The company has    panels , but is    now selling more    to increase cash flow . SolarCity    introduced SolarCity in June to incentivize    purchasing as part of    change in strategy . ’ ’    Tesla will also look to cut costs elsewhere in 2017 now that the    merger has been approved through " synergies , " or . ’ ’    There’ ’s also been speculation that Musk will need to    eventually raise capital as Tesla looks to launch the Tesla 3 as    it takes on the solar the Model . Musk said in late October Musk    Tesla " probably "   in the first    quarter of 2017 , though . ’ "    So in general , Tesla will look to increase Tesla ’s cash    flow as   to have it add $ 500 million Tesla in cash to Tesla ’s balance sheet over Tesla three years . Tesla    will also likely be Tesla a capital raise at some point in    the 2017 fiscal year . " ’    But a Trump presidency throws a wrench in those plans . ’ ’   ’ ’      Donald Trump is an ardent climate denier Trump    for his   that global warming    is a Trump perpetrated by the Chinese ’ ’    Trump has since acquiesced ever so slightly , Trump there    is " " between human activity and    climate change . ’ "    But that ’s not exactly a comforting    especially    considering   a known climate    denier    any scientific degrees or qualifications , to    oversee the Environmental Protection Agency . Ebell    not think    the government should support subsidies to catalyze    of    solar or wind energy . " ’    " We would like to get rid of all of this stuff , " Ebell   in August . " And we    think that the use of energy We become more efficient just    through the innovations that will occur in free markets when    people are allowed to invest their money in things that can make    people . " ’ "    Ebell reaffirmed his belief the government should n’t support    " ’ "   Ebell subsidies in a Nov. 9 . " "    Putting the fate of solar subsidies into question could be a    challenge for Tesla as it looks to increase SolarCity ’s cash    Tesla . It also poses issues for when Tesla eventually Tesla to do    a capital Tesla . " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tGood luck to    trying to raise money in capital markets    renewables subsidies in doubt . ’t’t’ ’    Angelo Zino , an equity analyst at CFRA Research , wrote in a Nov.    9 research note that a Trump presidency is bad for the solar    industry as it could negatively impact solar subsidies . ’ the solar   industry    " We believe a Trump presidency along with a      Congress poses Trump risks to a potential      of the 30 % ITC [ Solar Investment Tax    Credit ] extended at the end of ’’ 15 , " Zino wrote . ’ "    Meanwhile , Trump is also looking to eliminate all climate Trump change research by stripping NASA ’s earth science division    of its funding , t this week . " Trump    Trump also wants to roll back the Clean Trump Plan that requires    the EPA to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by law . ’ "    None of this bodes well for Tesla projects that rely on    government funding . For example , Tesla ’s Ta’u solar project was    partially Tesla the EPA .   " ’   ’ the EPA Musk , however , does not seem concerned . ’ "    Musk said Tesla ’s   than    installing a normal Musk in Tesla     session with    shareholders following the vote to acquire SolarCity . "       " Assuming it pans out that we are able to do a Musk roof [ for ]    less than a normal roof , before you even take into account the    value of the electricity . Assuming that pans out , well subsidies    do n’t even matter , " Musk said . ’ ’   ’ ’    But there are some issues with that line of thinking . ’ ’    For one , the impact Tesla’ ’s solar roof business will have on    SolarCity’ ’s 2017 cash flow largely depends on when    ’s being    sold . Musk said during that same     session    that Tesla Musk " start doing the solar roofs in volume sometime    next year . " ’ ’    Solar cell production for the roof will occur at a factory in    Buffalo , New York toward the end of June , the . ’ "    If production is n’t occurring until the end of June , the    profitability of Tesla the end of June n’t really June being seen    until the end of 2017 . Considering it will roll out in California    first and become available in other    later , as the Buffalo    News also reported , it seems likely the impact it has on Tesla ’s    bottom line wo n’t really be seen it fiscal year 2018 . " "    That means   Tesla solar business will continue to rely mostly on    traditional solar panel installation in 2017 , something that does    rely on solar subsidies . It ’s also difficult to take Musk ’s solar    roof pricing claim at    value without Musk real numbers behind    it at this point . " "    Additionally , even if the solar roof has the same value    proposition as a    roof , customers are n’t exactly      their homes all too often . Musk has   adding that ’s why traditional customers panel installation Musk still be off erred . " "    But the point is that Musk is putting a lot of fate in its solar    Musk business taking off when the product is Musk likely to exist    until    pricing is still unavailable , and demand is still    largely unknown . All of this while the fate of solar    subsidies    bleak . " "    That ’s not to say Tesla does n’t Tesla a fighting chance . The    solar roof product does make the premise of solar installation    more the product " "    But the timing of it all is tricky , and Trump is n’t bound to make    things any Trump . " 
 