Washington ( CNN ) Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Monday that President Donald Trump ’s choice for the No . 2 post at the Justice Department would appoint a special counsel on Russia if need be . Speaking on the Senate floor , the New York Democrat relayed President Donald Trump takeaway from a conversation with deputy attorney general nominee Rod Rosenstein . " With respect to the executive branch investigation into ties between the Trump campaign and Russia , deputy attorney general nominee Rod Rosenstein committed to me deputy attorney general nominee Rod Rosenstein deputy attorney general nominee Rod Rosenstein appoint a special counsel to conduct that the executive branch investigation one is required , " President Donald Trump said . Attorney General Jeff Sessions , who has recused President Donald Trump from federal investigations of the Trump campaign , said Monday that President Donald Trump hoped the Senate would confirm President Donald Trump deputy on Wednesday . FBI Director James Comey told the House intelligence committee in March that the FBI and the Department of Justice had an open investigation into allegations of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia . The US intelligence community has accused Russia of Russia to influence the 2016 presidential election to help Trump . Trump Russia and Russia any wrongdoing . The Senate voted    to advance Rosenstein to a final confirmation vote . That vote is n’t scheduled yet a final confirmation vote take place Tuesday or Wednesday .   Schumer and many other congressional Democrats have called for a special prosecutor or independent counsel to investigate the matter . In addition to the executive branch investigation Comey confirmed , both the House and Senate intelligence committees , which are led by Republicans , have investigations into Russian involvement in the 2016 election . During his confirmation hearing , Democrats asked Rosenstein Comey about the Russia investigation and Comey multiple calls the executive branch investigation prosecutor .   The acting deputy attorney general is Dana Boente , an appointee of President Barack Obama . He served briefly as acting attorney general after Trump The acting deputy attorney general Sally Yates , who was in the top post while Trump waited for Sessions’ Senate confirmation . 
 Trump 