Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 Democratic National Convention . Bill Clinton will be one of the featured speakers along with the " Mothers of the Movement " —   the mothers of Trayvon Martin , Sandra Bland , Eric Garner and others who have formed strong bonds with Bill Clinton —   a day after terrorism and law and order were barely referenced .   All eyes will be on Bill Clinton and how disciplined he Bill Clinton be in not responding to potential hecklers and resisting the urge to promote himself Bill Clinton   and his Bill Clinton —   instead of his Bill Clinton ’s candidacy . It is also interesting that the " Mothers of the Movement " will follow Clinton Bill Clinton that Clinton Bill Clinton out at Black Lives Matter activists in the spring .    All times eastern .   —    11:50 : Trump with the winning message , thanks to VA Gov. McAuliffe , who is trying his best to do to Hillary Bill Clinton Bill Clinton Bill Clinton her during the Bill Clinton Dem . primary with his " fairy Bill Clinton " and " Jesse Jackson " remarks : Just like I have warned from the beginning , Crooked Hillary Clinton will Bill Clinton on the TPP . https :   .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 27 , 2016 ,   11:45 : From Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak at the Dem . convention :   11:35 : The    in action , showing their true colors : Masked protester burns the American flag outside of the # DNCinPHL pic . twitter .    —    Breaking911 ( @Breaking911 ) July 27 , 2016 ,   11:13 : In a slickly produced video message , Clinton appears after    montage cracks . She says she ca Clinton believe Clinton we just put the biggest crack in the glass ceiling yet . " She says if there Clinton little girls who stayed up to watch , she may become the Clinton woman President but " one of you is next . " Hillary Clinton makes address Clinton    montage at the # DemConvention https :   .   https :   .    —    ABC News Live ( @ABCNewsLive ) July 27 , 2016 ,   11:05 : Alicia Keys pushes gun control and dedicates the closing song to the Mothers of the Movement . She says we ca n’t Alicia Keys to be the " home of the brave " until we deal with " gun we . " 11:00 : Meryl Streep says Clinton will be the first woman president but wo n’t be the last . Meryl Streep at # DemConvention Meryl Streep What does it take to be the 1st female anything ? It takes grit and it takes it . " https it   .    —    Good Morning America ( @GMA ) July 27 , 2016 ,   10:48 : Clinton says " real change is Clinton " and makes direct appeal to illegal immigrants and Muslims " who hate terror " to vote for Hillary . Bill Clinton : " If you Clinton Muslim and you love freedom and hate terror , stay here and help us win . " # DemsInPhilly pic . twitter .    —    New York Post ( @nypost ) July 27 , 2016 ,   10:43 : Clinton says his wife was reluctant about Clinton the Clinton . of State job because she loved being the Senator from New his wife so much . He says Clinton accomplished more change before Clinton was Clinton than most public officials Clinton in a lifetime . [ Bill Clinton was n’t the " Big Clinton " but he did not harm , and that ’s Clinton that Democrats could have asked for . ] Bill Clinton : " How does this square Clinton things you heard at the RNC ?   …     One is real , the other is made up . " https :   .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) July 27 , 2016 ,   Bill Clinton : " Hillary has done a pretty Clinton of being a mother   …     as you saw last night , so has Michelle Obama ! " https :   .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) July 27 , 2016 ,   10:30 : Clinton touting his wife ’s experiences re : education standards Clinton etc Clinton Not much different from his " change maker " stump speech . 10:11 : Clinton says in the spring of 1971 , " I Clinton a girl . " They met in a class on political and civil rights . He ’s recounting his courtship of Hillary . He ’s Clinton talking about Clinton ’s history of doing Clinton rights work throughout the Clinton and Texas . . @BillClinton recalls first time @HillaryClinton spoke to him : " I ’m Hillary Rodham , who are @BillClinton ? " # DemsinPhilly https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) July 27 , 2016 ,   10:10 : Bill Clinton now appears on stage . LIVE on # Clinton @BillClinton has taken the stage at the # DemConvention ! # @BillClinton # DemsInPhilly stage   .    —    BET ( @BET ) July 27 , 2016 ,   # DemsInPhilly getting ready for @billclinton . pic . twitter .    —    Elizabeth Patino @BillClinton @ELIZPATINO ) July 27 , 2016 ,   10:05 : Without any sense of irony , a person in a video about Bill Clinton ’s economy in the 1990s says that when Clinton Clinton believed him . 9:50 : Former Secretary of State Clinton Albright says Clinton has Clinton Truman ’s fighting spirit . She says Trump has damaged Clinton security just by running for president . She Former Secretary of State Madeline Albright a Trump presidency would give the Russians a " green light " Former Secretary of State Madeline Albright would be Trump " gift " to Putin . 9:45 : Sen. Amy Klobuchar ( ) talking about the need to stop sex trafficking . 9:32 : Howard Dean accusing Trump of wanting to take Americans back to a time when insurance companies can Trump more for health care and those with    conditions . Dean , playing on his Dean Scream , says the election is going to be Howard Dean in Colorado and Howard Dean   …     and we ’re going to the White House . " Howard Dean brings back his infamous scream in # DNCinPHL speech :   https : Howard Dean    —    Howard Dean News ( @NBCNews ) July 27 , 2016 ,   9:20 : Crowley rips Trump and calls Clinton a doer of deeds . Now here is some    from Rep. Joe Crowley ( ): " He did n’t stand in the pile [ after   ]   …      He cashed in "   —    Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) July 27 , 2016 He   9:04 : Sanders delegate : This is a " poll tax . " 8:58 : Sen. Barbara Boxer ( ) talks about how Clinton has a " strong sense of empathy " for others . She says the right wing has thrown everything , including the " refrigerator " and the Sen. Barbara Boxer ( ) toaster " and " she ’s still standing . " Boxers says we ’re not going back to the dark Sen. Barbara Boxer ( ) when " women died in back alleys . " When Sen. Boxer speaks : her grandson is @HillaryClinton nephew . Boxer daughter once married to Clinton Sen. Barbara Boxer ( )   —    Sen. Barbara Boxer ( ) Sweet ( @lynnsweet ) July 26 , 2016 ,   8:45 : The always vile and heinous Lena Dunham ( a complete fraud ) is now on stage . She says , according to Donald Trump , " my body is   like   …      The always vile and heinous Lena Dunham (a complete fraud ) two . " 8:45 : Planned Parenthood ’s Cecile Richards ( " introduced as " Cecil " ) blasting Trump for wanting to defund Planned Parenthood . 8:33 : Crowd keeps chanting " Black Lives Matter Donald Trump " 8:23 : Scandal Planned Parenthood Goldwyn speaks about his work with the Innocence Project and introduces the " Mothers of the Movement . " Crowd chants Scandal actor Tony Goldwyn Black Lives Matter . " Sandra Bland ’s mother talks about needing to vote for a president who will fight for " restoration " and change . Jordan Davis ’s mom says Clinton is n’t afraid to say " Black Lives Matter . " Trayvon Martin ’s mother touting Clinton ’s support for gun control . WATCH LIVE : Crowd chants # BlackLivesMatter as Mother of the Clinton the stage https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Hill ( @thehill ) July 27 , 2016 ,       8:20 : From Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak in Philadelphia : 8:15 :    very out of place at Dem . convention : # Pittsburgh chief McLay " Controversial officer involved shootings have created tensions   …     "   # DemsInPhilly ,   —    PETER MAER ( @petermaer ) July 27 , 2016 ,   Eric Holder : Black Lives Matter . " We need a president sensitive to these echoes of Jim Crow , " he says , railing against modern day poll taxes . 8:06 : Former Attorney General Eric Holder is proud a president sensitive to these echoes of Jim Crow say , " I stand with her . " He emphasizes that the nation is " already great " and speaks about assassins targeting " police " and Former Attorney General Eric Holder citizens questioning if " Black Lives really matter   …      and they do . "   He says we have to value officers while they are still alive . Holder says Clinton , whose husband Former Attorney General Eric Holder the Crime Bill , will end " officers " He praises Clinton Former Attorney General Eric Holder talking about " system racism . " Cheers for Eric Holder Clinton he speaks to Former Attorney General Eric Holder ’s social justice causes # DemsInPhilly pic . twitter .    — Former Attorney General Eric Holder ( @TalKopan Former Attorney General Eric Holder July 27 , 2016 ,   7:58 : From Breitbart News : Ashley Breitbart Joins Black Lives Matter March Outside DNC , 7:51 : Donna Brazile now speaking . She says she no spring chicken and she ’s " seen some things in her time . " She says she Donna Brazile through Donna Brazile survived the segregated South Donna Brazile " Who dat . " And Donna Brazile a grown woman Donna Brazile she Donna Brazile the first black President . She says when Hillary Clinton was fighting for Clinton out of law school , Donna Brazile was facing housing discrimination lawsuit for Donna Brazile to rent apartments to blacks . She says she Trump Clinton and Marion Wright Edelman ’s Children ’s Defense Fund . She praises Clinton Clinton wanting illegal immigrants Donna Brazile Clinton Donna Brazile of the opportunities as citizens . 7:50 : From Breitbart ’s Joel Donna Brazile in Philadelphia :   7:45 : Assange : More Dem . Email Leaks Coming : 7:43 : Breitbart delegate Joel Pollak in Philadelphia 7:37 : Philadelphia Elizabeth Banks now speaking . She says Trump is Sanders over the top . " She recalls going to a Bill Clinton rally with Trump boyfriend at UPenn and being Actress Elizabeth Banks by Hillary Clinton Clinton stole the show . 7:35 Actress Elizabeth Banks From Joel Pollak in Philadelphia : Gagged Bernie Actress Elizabeth Banks tells Breitbart News , " this is what a stolen election looks like . "    7:29 Joel Pollak in Philadelphia ) says Philadelphia election is about two different versions Breitbart News America " and Trump only sees an " angry " America while Clinton sees an America that tries to live up Trump a stolen election written here in Clinton . He says she believes in an America where we break down walls . America : Clinton President Clinton America now addressing the convention , urging Democrats to Philadelphia " informed " and engaged . He blasts Trump for America having " moral " and " ethical principles . " Clinton : Black Lives Matter Trump call cop " Nazi " and do n’t want people to vote for Clinton because " she ’s killing black people . "   7:15 : From Breitbart Clinton Joel Pollak Clinton the convention . Sanders delegates walking out en masse .      Sanders delegates sitting silent inside media Breitbart : Delegates say they Sanders told if they Joel Pollak in Philadelphia put Bernie Sanders away after the convention they would be arrested . They have walked out . # DemsInPhilly ,   —    Laurie Penny ( @PennyRed Delegates July 26 , Delegates , Bernie 7:07 : House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi Delegates ) says " nothing Delegates more wholesome " that women in government and the White House . Democratic women of the U. S. House of Representatives take the stage at # DemConvention , with @NancyPelosi at the mic ,   —    CQ Now ( @CQnow ) the #DemConvention , 2016 ,   7:05 : Former Dem . Presidential Candidate Dennis Kucinich , who wanted a Department of Peace , says tells Breitbart News that Clinton should have chosen Sanders as her running mate : 7:03 : From Breitbart ’s Clinton Pollak at the Dem . Clinton : " Sanders " sign .   6:59 Breitbart News Gov. Terry McAuliffe says Breitbart is a day everyone at the convention hall will remember . He says Clinton will send Trump back to his " bankrupt casinos , where he belongs . Clinton McAuliffe says he has known Clinton Trump for half his life Clinton he loves this woman . 6:55 Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe Report : Clinton delegate from Tennessee booted after reported assaulting female Sanders delegate . 6:53 : On Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe convention Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe , Sanders moves that the convention Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe be suspended Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe Hillary Sanders nominated as president . Clinton Hillary Clinton officially becomes Sanders . nominee Clinton : # BREAKING : @HillaryClinton officially becomes Democratic Presidential Nominee . # DemsInPhilly # DemConvention ,   —    CSPAN ( @cspan @HillaryClinton July 26 , 2016 ,   6:38 : From Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak in Philadelphia : Oregon Delegation Is Now a    Protest :   ( Joel    News ) 6:30 : Sanders supporters Breitbart behind wall : Bernie supporters are kept behind a Joel Pollak in Philadelphia # DemsInPhilly Philadelphia . twitter . Sanders —    Mike Cernovich ( @Cernovich ) July 26 , 2016 ,   6:21 : Will Sanders be going to the floor Bernie # Sanders supporters ( for now )    us here    to see if @BernieSanders Sanders to floor   — the #DemConvention of his staff here pic . twitter .    —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) July the convention floor 2016 ,   6:15 : Sanders supporter vows to vote for Green Party candidate : 6:10 : Clinton campaign ’s top priority is to drown out @BernieSanders comes to floor  —    Sanders Sanders on the floor . 6:05 Clinton Sanders ’s brother and Clinton ’s childhood friend cast votes : . @BernieSanders’ brother Larry Sanders tearfully casts vote for his Clinton " Sanders enormous pride " # DemsinPhilly https :   .    —    Sanders ( the convention floor July 26 , Sanders ,   " This one ’s for you , Hill . " # WeMadeHistory https :   .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) July 26 , 2016 ,   5:58 : From BREITBART CALIFORNIA :   Black Sanders Activist : ‘ Bill Clinton Made Black Lives Worth Less’ OAKLAND   —    Civil rights and social activist Viveca Clinton Breitbart News on Monday that former President Bill Clinton had singlehandedly " made black lives worth less . " Read the rest here Clinton This one is for you Breitbart Hill . " Lifelong pal Betsy Ebeling casting Illinois votes for @HillaryClinton , Breitbart News    Lynn Sweet ( @lynnsweet ) July 26 , 2016 ,   5:55 : Agitators throw water on Geraldo : Demonstrators shout at Fox News’ @GeraldoRivera . One pours water on This one # DemsInPhilly pic you, Hill    —    Andrew Desiderio ( @desiderioDC ) July 26 , 2016 ,   5:45 : Trump , when asked if Roger Ailes could join his campaign , says , " I would think about it . "    5:40 : Here Trump Olivia    from    Fox News’ @GeraldoRivera # DNCinPHL @olivialovelier pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 26 , 2016 ,   5:36 : From Breitbart News in Philadelphia . Ashley Judd Roger Ailes " Black Lives Matter " sign :   5:35 : Bernie fan explains why she feels silenced by Hillary : 5:33 : From Breitbart News ’s Joel Pollak in Philadelphia :   5:29 : Arizona proud to be Philadelphia home state of Cesar Chavez . It casts 34 for Sanders and 51 for Clinton . 5:26 : Bernie , the state of champions in college football , up first Ashley Judd Breitbart News Philadelphia and 9 Sanders Sanders . And one assumed abstention . " Do n’t y’ all have one more ? " Clinton secretary @Mayorsrb to Alabama # DemsInPhilly , Arizona —    Meg Sanders ( @MegKinnardAP ) July 26 , 2016 ,   5:25 : Roll call of the states about to start . 5:15 : Rep. John Lewis ( ) to second Clinton ’s nomination . He says there are " forces " in America that want to take us backward and undo Alabama Clinton’s progress . " We are not going back , " he yells . " We ’re going forward . " He says Dems . must " vote like we ’ve never , ever voted before " in November . Lewis Rep. John Lewis ( ) to second Clinton’s nomination America we are the party of tomorrow " and vows to shatter the glass ceiling again with Clinton ’s   nomination   us years after the party nominated Obama Rep. John Lewis ( ) to second Clinton’s nomination Lewis says Clinton us n’t just want to Clinton Rep. John Lewis ( ) to second Clinton’s nomination well   …      she wanted to Dems good . " Listening to Clinton Lewis # DemsInPhilly pic Rep. John Lewis ( ) to second Clinton’s nomination twitter . Dems —    Garance Clinton ( @thegarance ) July 26 , 2016 ,   . @repjohnlewis : Democrats elected first African American POTUS tonight we will " shatter that Rep. John Lewis ( ) to second Clinton’s nomination ceiling again " https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) July 26 , 2016 ,   Seen on the convention floor . As @repjohnlewis started speaking , a HRC shouted at a Sanders supporter , " He deserves your respect . " # DNCinPHL ,   —    Yamiche Alcindor ( @Yamiche the glass ceiling , 2016 ,   5:10 : Nominating Sanders for Clinton next . Sen. Barbara Mikulski ( ) speaks of the convention floor and says she is here with a " Clinton heart @repjohnlewis to nominate Clinton for president . She places Clinton ’s name into a HRC . 5:09 : Vermont Delegate Shyla Nelson seconds Sanders ’s nomination and says " I ’m Clinton proud Clinton’s . Our movement continues . Our revolution continues . " 5:03 : Paul Feeney seconds Sanders ’s nomination . Sanders too soon   Sen. Barbara Mikulski ( )    Paul Feeney calls to " join together " to elect Hillary Clinton . Sen. Barbara Mikulski ( ) delegate caught giving thumbs Clinton   — Sanders Rick Klein ( @rickklein ) Bernie 26 , 2016 ,   Paul Feeney , labor activist seconding Bernie , notes that last night Our delegates held up " Bernie " signs . # DNCinPHL ,   —    David Corn ( @DavidCornDC ) Paul Feeney , 2016 ,   4:55 : Nominating speeches about to occur . Rep. Tulsi Gabbard ( ) speaking on behalf of Sanders . Gabbard says the Bernie and grumpy Sanders became the voice of millions because of Bernie " deep love of others " HRC " our Mother Earth . " She calls Sanders Sanders campaign a " movement of love Sanders to care about people whose lives have been ruined by the criminal justice system and people whose lives have been ruined by disastrous trade Sanders . After Sanders and 51 for Clinton Rep. Tulsi Gabbard ( ) speaking on behalf of Sanders movement ca n’t be defeated because " it ’s fueled by love " Rep. Tulsi Gabbard ( ) speaking on behalf of Sanders nominates Sanders for president .   WATCH : @TulsiGabbard nominates @BernieSanders at DNC Rep. Tulsi Gabbard ( ) speaking on behalf of Sanders https :   .   # DemsinPhilly https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) July 26 , 2016 ,   Poetic justice for Sanders ? No Wasserman Schultz at # DemConvention but Rep Tulsi Rep. Tulsi Gabbard ( ) speaking on behalf of Sanders Our movement DNC in protest now on stage , Our movement —    Chad Pergram ( @ChadPergram ) July 26 , Sanders ,   4:48 : Kentucky ’s Sec . of State Alison Lundergan Grimes talking about her friendship with Hillary Clinton . She is proud to be a Clinton the " new generation " of the South . She talks about the Hillary she knows who loves HGTV and devours buffalo wings . Alison Lundergan Grimes describes an " inquisitive " " sincere " # HillaryClinton who " devours buffalo wings " . # DNCinPHL @WHAS11 ,   —    Chris Williams ( @chriswnews ) July 26 , 2016 ,   4:45 : Former her Tom Harkin ( ) whose steak fry helped to launch Obama Hillary candidacy , speaking about her rights on the floor her Music immediately starts playing as crowd starts chanting " State Alison Lundergan Grimes " 4:36 : Sherman Jackson , the King Faisal Chair of Islamic Thought and Culture buffalo wings of Religion at the University of Southern California , says " We are not a perfect country " and   asks God to inspires us to " strive to the convention floor Obama country " and " grant us the courage to acknowledge and make amends for our errors , including the ways we have devalued , compromised , and stigmatized all too many American lives , especially black lives . " [ He ’s on point with the day ’s theme . ] 4:33 : Rep. Marcia Fudge ( Sherman Jackson, the King Faisal Chair of Islamic Thought and Culture and Professor of Religion at the University of Southern California calls convention back to order . 4:32 : Kaine ’s wife resigns Sherman Jackson, the King Faisal Chair of Islamic Thought and Culture and Professor of Religion at the University of Southern California post in McAuliffe administration after husband selected as VP : . @timkaine Sherman Jackson, the King Faisal Chair of Islamic Thought and Culture and Professor of Religion at the University of Southern California wife Anne Holton has resigned @VASecofEdu , effective Sherman Jackson, the King Faisal Chair of Islamic Thought and Culture and Professor of Religion at the University of Southern California , per @TerryMcAuliffe https : Sherman Jackson, the King Faisal Chair of Islamic Thought and Culture and Professor of Religion at the University of Southern California .   pic . twitter .    —    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein ) July 26 , 2016 , God 4:30 : Dem . convention about to gavel back in with Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe roll call of the states . 4:25 : Black Lives Matter to Hillary wife Anne Holton Yourself "      4:21 : Joe Biden : Let Sanders supporters be angry . Just asked Biden if he ’s concerned w Bernie backers at DNC said Ds should " show a little class " and let em be angry pic . Sanders .    —    Manu Raju ( @mkraju ) July 26 , 2016 ,   the states " White media Hillary to the back . Black media , come to the front , " Bernie White media get to the back . Black media , come to the front , " organizer of " Joe Biden DNC Joe Biden March " demands . pic . twitter .    —    Shaquille Brewster ( @shaqbrewster ) July 26 he’s concerned w Bernie backers at DNC 2016 ,     4:05 : Two layers of fencing : Protesters at # DNCinPHL are now behind two layers of security fencing . They built a   " wall , " twice . pic . twitter .    —    White media Pollak ( @joelpollak the back 26 , 2016 ,   3:58 : the front    march : " Hillary Has Blood on Her Hands . "    Large crowd at " " Black Resistance March chants #DNCinPHL justice , no peace " # LIVE : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Unicorn Riot ( @UR_Ninja ) July 26 , Protesters at #DNCinPHL ,   Massive protest gathering outside # DNCinPHL chanting " Hell no # DNC we wo n’t vote for Hillary Hillary " Day2 Hillary DemsInPhilly pic . twitter .    —    Unicorn Riot ( @UR_Ninja ) July 26 , 2016 ,   3:56 : Ryan wo n’t be at Pence ’s Wisconsin event . Speaker Ryan wo n’t be at Pence ’s event in Waukesha tomorrow night   —    he ’ll #DNCinPHL for House R ’s in St. Louis .   —    Ben Siegel ( @benyc ) July 26 , 2016 ,   3:55 : Hillary to make video appearance ? A senior Dem tells me a circulating draft schedule includes Hillary Clinton patching in via video @ some point tonight Clinton    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) July 26 , 2016 ,   3:50 : Trump Ryan invention of email has proven Pence be Pence’s Wisconsin event thing for Crooked Hillary in Ryan it has proven her to be both incompetent and Hillary liar !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 26 , 2016 ,   Bernie ’s exhausted , he just wants to shut down and go home to bed !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 26 , 2016 ,   3:49 : The Dem . convention , ladies Hillary Hillary    restrooms at the DNC Hillary . twitter .    —    Liz Kreutz Bernie @ABCLiz ) July Bernie , 2016 , The invention of email 3:48 : Alicia Keys performing before the roll call vote : DNC house band is quiet , but Alicia Keys is doing an impromptu concert right now pic . twitter .    —    Jamie Dupree ( @jamiedupree ) July 26 , 2016 ,   3:45 : Before roll call , last NBC count in Dem race : Pledged delsHRC 2219 ( 55%)Sanders 1832 ( 45 % ) All delsHRC 2817 ( 60%)Sanders 1879 ( 40 % )   —    Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) July 26 , 2016 ,     3:43 : Trumps slamming DNC Weiner after he mouths off : . @anthonyweiner on @DonaldJTrumpJr 4 Mayor Alicia Keys : " I ’d come the DNC pic just to beat him like a rented mule " pic . twitter .    —    Joe Toohey ( @joetoohey ) July 26 , 2016 ,   . @anthonyweiner on @DonaldJTrumpJr 4 Mayor of NYC : " I ’d come out of retirement just to beat him like a rented mule " pic . twitter .    —    Joe Toohey ( @joetoohey ) July 26 , 2016 ,   3:40 : Keep in Anthony Weiner that the Philadelphia Police Union is insulted that Democrats are not featuring widows of slain police officers . 3:35 : Sen. Bernie Anthony Weiner ( ) is returning to the Senate as an independent . Bernie Sanders tells @bpolitics breakfast    he ’ll return to the Senate as @anthonyweiner on @DonaldJTrumpJr 4 Mayor of NYC: "I’d come out of retirement just to beat him like a rented mule" pic , 
 NYC Joe Toohey (@joetoohey) Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) is returning to the Senate as an independent Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) is returning to the Senate as an independent the Senate 