’   ’ ’    Democratic Senator Chris Coons of Delaware released a    statement accusing White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer    of mischaracterizing comments he made earlier this month about    p ’ ’hard    evidence of collusion " between the campaign and the Russians , " I    think what hard evidence there may be will be discovered either    through a full release of President Trump’ ’s financial interests    and concerns and taxes , or the intercepts that I believe our    intelligence community and FBI have of conversations between and    among Russian officials . " ’ ’    During a White House press briefing on Monday , however , Spicer    only quoted Coons as saying " there is no evidence of    collusion . "   ’ ’    Coons wrote that Coons was " disappointed " that Spicer    " today    mischaracterized " Coons comments , adding that " ’ ’    " For Spicer    sake , let me be clear once again : Though I have    not seen specific evidence of collusion between the Trump    campaign and Russian officials , there is quite a bit of    circumstantial    that suggests collusion may have    occurred    including confirmation just this morning that the FBI    is    potential collusion between the campaign and    Russian    Russian " Coons said . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Coons , in his statement Coons added that the " firings of Campaign    Manager Paul Manafort and National Security Advisor General    Michael Flynn over troubling ties to Russia to the President Coons refusal to release his tax returns Coons his unfounded accusation Coons that he was ’’ Coons tapped ’’ by President Obama , President Trump and    his team have Coons every opportunity to allay concerns of    inappropriate Russian    . Indeed , they have fostered he was ’’wire tapped’’ by President Obama, President Trump and   his team    concerns concerns of   inappropriate Russian ties not . "   ’ ’    " Mr. Spicer would do well to quote me accurately and fully in the    future , " Coons wrote . ’ ’    Comey also   ’ ’    " No individual can direct electronic surveillance of anyone , "    Comey said , adding   Comey no president could " unilaterally order a    wiretap of anyone . ’ ’    " We don’’t have any evidence or information that supports those    tweets , " he said . ’ ’      Comey White House   that Trump would not withdraw his    allegations . ’ ’Democratic Trump Chris Coons of Delaware . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 