Washington ( CNN ) While evaluations of President Barack Obama vary widely in various subsets of black America , hundreds of President Barack Obama mentions in    over the last nine years show that the immediate legacy of President Barack Obama will not only be shaped by his accomplishments , President Barack Obama by the challenges he faced and President Barack Obama the policies of presidents yet to come , who could either advance his work , President Barack Obama dismantle it .   his work CNN analysis of Obama mentions in President Barack Obama lyrics reveals a divide in    over whether Obama did enough President Barack Obama uplift black America . A particular artist ’s opinion of the first black President is tempered by the their mistrust or acceptance of establishment politics .   Lyrics that came out between    chronicle the idealism of 2008 , the disappointment that followed , the pride that transcends politics and how the nation ’s America president and the rise of his successor , Donald Trump , forced America to confront its America struggle for America justice .   Common reflects on black America , Obama America America the silver lining of Trump , Evaluations of Obama Donald Trump often shaped by Obama the artist is part of mainstream    or the counterculture , and whether the artist is assessing Obama the artist a leader Obama the free world " or as a revolutionary leader who was expected to " bring about radical change , " Bakari Kitwana , the Executive Director of Rap Sessions , told CNN . ’When I think that I ca n’t , I envision Obama’ " My President ( is black ) " by Young Jeezy was released in 2008 amid the worst economic downturn the US had seen since the Great Depression . But the promise of " hope and change " was in the air and this    anthem captures the sense of triumph and hope that many black Americans felt during Obama ’s rise . The video features exuberant crowds with Obama posters , surrounded by names Obama iconic African American leaders , black children holding up newspapers announcing Obama ’s win and a jubilant Obama’s Lewis , an early civil rights leader who helped organize the 1963 March on Washington , waving a sign that reads , " My president is black . " Jeezy gets political : Reflections on hope , change and Obama   " I think Obama provides hope and challenges minds Obama all races and colors to erase the hate and try to love one another , " Nas raps in the 2008 track , " Black President . " Chicago rapper Common , who was invited to the White House and has remained one of Obama ’s most loyal supporters , Obama tribute to the incoming President in his 2007 song Black President People , " Black President his 2008 song " Changes . "   And Black President Obama took office , Brooklyn rapper Obama released " All the Above , " chronicling the rapper ’s struggles through a rough childhood , Brooklyn rapper Maino life on the streets and his eventual incarceration : " You ’ve been seeing me Brooklyn rapper Maino , I ’m a miracle    I refuse to lose , this what the ghetto done made    I put that on my father , trying to    for    When I think that I ca n’t , I    Obama . " ’I ai n’t see no change’ As Obama ’s first term in office came to an end Obama partisan politics kept Congress deadlocked , poverty and hardships endured in the inner cities and the prospects of change seemed dim .   " Button on his lapel , picture of    Four years later we stuck in the same drama , " Brooklyn rapper GZA raps in Wu Block ’s 2012 song , " Ridin’ Round . "   And in October 2015 , Jeezy strikes a darker tone in " Streetz "     a track off his " Politically Correct " EP that touches on issues like mass incarceration and street violence . " Seen a black president , I ai n’t see no change    They say street life numb ya , all I feel is pain tho , " Jeezy raps . " . .. All the good jobs Jeezy , ups ai n’t    Man this stress getting tiring in these streets . " The video takes place in a cemetery , as names of those killed by street violence flash across the screen . " When we talk about Obama not being able to do enough for black people , a part of the problem is that the needs are so great , " Kitwana said . " . .. These issues are so huge that it would be impossible for him to solely focus on those things without getting push Kitwana from the right . " Obama , who has commuted the sentences of 1 , 000 inmates to date     more than the past 11 presidents combined , made criminal justice reform more of a focus during his second term in office , promoting new initiatives to Kitwana former prison inmates , commuting sentences of    drug offenders and becoming the first sitting president to visit a federal prison .   Jeezy told CNN in November 2015 that while he would have " gone much further " on issues Jeezy criminal justice reform , Obama ’s efforts are " better late than never . " " I think that ’s a great gesture by Obama . .. and that ’s the beginning of some Obama of slight change , " he added . ’Why it took 3 days for Obama Jeezy respond?’ Chicago rapper ’Why Mensa told CNN that Obama representing black people " was not necessarily his job , " Obama " could have been a Jeezy more vocally sympathetic Obama to issues that impact black America . Lyrics show that Obama was criticized for not speaking out on race and Obama , particularly on the issue of police brutality , which gained mainstream media attention following the 2014 police shooting death of unarmed Missouri teenager Michael Brown , which sparked an uprising in Ferguson and fueled the rise of the " Black Lives Matter " movement . " People saw Obama go and speak about Sandy Hook when young people were killed and then they saw Mike Brown get shot in broad daylight and People president did n’t say anything , " Kitwana said . " That hurt a lot of people . " Over the last two years , the Justice Department , headed by    Attorney General Loretta Lynch , launched several investigations into police departments around the nation , including Ferguson , revealing patterns of racial discrimination in policing . " We have n’t been convicting police officers for their murders , " Mensa said .   " If Obama was to address it he would give you 45 seconds of why we need Obama respect our officers and give you 15 We about how they We be going wrong , and that ’s not our officers honest assessment of the situation , " he added . In The Game ’s 2016 song , Obama Let Me Know , " the rapper slams Obama ’s silence following the July police shooting death of Philando Castile in Falcon Heights , Minnesota , rapping , " Why it take 3 days for Obama to respond ? Cause Minnesota 3 days from the Obama House lawn . " Minnesota Beach rapper Crooked I told CNN that while he was heart broken by the President ’s silence on Long Beach rapper Crooked 2014 police shooting death of     Tamir Rice , Obama was often " backed into a corner " on issues of race . This was demonstrated by the intense backlash leveled against him following his response to the 2012 shooting death of Long Beach rapper Crooked Martin Long Beach rapper Crooked a     unarmed teenager from Sanford , Florida . Obama was accused by Republicans , from Rush Limbaugh to Obama Gingrich , of inciting racial divisions following his heartfelt message to Martin ’s parents , where he Obama , " If I had a son , Obama ’d look like Trayvon . " " When Obama Obama Trayvon resembled ’   Nobody hurried to arrest Obama Zimmerman Trayvon " Brooklyn rapper Papoose raps in the 2012 song , " Crooklyn Remake . " " It ’s not black and white it ’s not a    It ’s just wrong and It . " ’Just another It head telling lies on teleprompters’ While Obama rose to become the leader of the free world Obama lyrics show that he was simultaneously viewed as a victim of the American establishment and as a mouthpiece for a capitalistic , imperialist superpower that has kept people of color down . " The Republicans said on    . .. they ’re going to make him a    president , The Republicans that they ’re going    give    hell , " Crooked The Republicans said . " I    never seen a person of power get treated like that . .. that would have never happened to a white president . " New York rapper stic . man of the    duo Dead Prez warns in the 2008 song " Politrikkks , " that " it ’s still white power , it ’s the same system , just changed form . it Even if Obama wins , Uncle Sam ai n’t my friend . Obama Atlanta rapper Killer Mike , an establishment critic who backed Bernie Sanders in 2016 , echoes a similar sentiment in his 2012 song " Reagan , " rapping that Obama Bernie Sanders " just an employee of the country ’s Obama masters . " " Ronald Reagan was an actor , not at all a Reagan an employee of the country ’s real masters , " Killer Mike raps , the country militarism and the war on drugs . " Just like the Bushes , Clinton and    Just another talking head telling lies on teleprompters . " In his 2013 song " Progressive 3 , " which slams mass incarceration , Long Beach rapper Vince Staples proclaims that Obama has no Long Beach . " The black and brown Obama going through a    You see Obama just a house n * Obama * * to me , " Staples raps . " They locked the children up in prison and they Long Beach rapper Vince Staples the key . " And in The Game ’s 2014 song They Do n’t Shoot , The Game Beatz touches on the racism Obama experienced , rapping , " Obama do n’t really respect Obama out here . " ’(Trump ) got me Swizz Beatz Obama way Obama But as    braces for a Trump presidency , Obama shows that Trump ’s rise has already begun to have an impact on how Obama is Trump . " ( Trump ) ca n’t make decisions Obama this country , he gon’ crash    Trump , we ca n’t be a the country    He got me appreciatin’ Obama way more , " Compton rapper YG raps in the he Obama anthem " FDT , " which stands for " F * * * Donald Trump . "    entrepreneur Karen Civil , who was invited to speak at the White House by the first lady , told the White House Obamas made it possible for people of color to have a CNN at the table because they are " connected to society . " Civil fears that in a Trump White House this people of color change . " I know I ’ll never be able to sit in that room . I know it will go back to sitting in the back of the bus , " she said . that room his 2016 song , " The Day the Women Took Over , " Common hails black women leaders , rapping , " Mothers get medals for being courageous    On dollars , it ’s Michelle Obama , Oprah and Rosa . "    lyrics show that as first lady , Michelle Obama was more insulated from political critiques than her husband . " A Obama been raised by Michelle Obama for what we Obama out of the first lady , " Rapper and Obama told CNN . " She ’s like the Beyonce of the first lady .. If CNN don’t’ like Obama , Obama love Michelle . " ’My President was Black’ As Obama leaves office , Obama also leaves behind Obama that for people Obama the    community , remain powerful and profound . From the time ’My President young black boy touched the President ’s hair , realizing it felt like his own , to the the President’s McLaurin , who waited her whole life to see a black president the President’s hair was moved a young black boy dance in the White House upon meeting the Obamas , there is an the White House pride and hope that transcends politics . This pride is captured in    Coates’ 2016 essay the Obamas My President Was Black : " " . .. I also knew that the man pride not countenance such a thing in his America had ’My President for the only time in my life when I felt America as the first lady had once said , proud of my country the man who could not countenance such a thing in his America " he writes . " . .. The feeling was that little black the first lady president ’s hair . the country watching Obama on the campaign trail , always expecting the the man who could not countenance such a thing in his America the President’s that the Obama never happened . It was how I ’d felt seeing Barack and Michelle during the inauguration , the car    down Pennsylvania Avenue , the crowd cheering , and then the two of Obama rising up out of the limo , rising up from fear , smiling , waving , defying despair , defying history , defying gravity . " And Jeezy , whose lyrics the crowd both reminiscent of the idealism of 2008 and the disappointment that followed , still maintains that Obama " gave us hope . " The Atlanta rapper told Genius during Obama Obama last month in office that Obama " the rapper example . Obama showed people how Atlanta move as Obama unit , and be a family , and strive the rapper " Common , who reflects on the state of black America in his 2016 album , " Black America . .. Again , " America a profound sense of the rapper in the nation ’s first black president : " ( Obama ) provided the scope the nation black man can be . black America much depth and intelligence and resolve and courage and compassion and strength and humanity we have as black people . He ’s been a shining example and that ’s been a beacon for us , " Common told CNN . " . .. As a black man , I know that he has represented black people in a black man CNN way . and we thank him for all his hard work , his commitment , his heart and his spirit . " 
 a black man a black man a black man a black man a black man a black man us 