Actress Emma Watson recently announced Actress Emma Watson ’d be taking a year off from acting to learn more about feminism   —    but that ’s not all Actress Emma Watson ’s learning about , apparently . [ The     Harry Potter star and UN Goodwill Ambassador was speaking with feminist icon Gloria Steinem at at the How To Academy talk in London on Wednesday when Actress Emma Watson revealed that Actress Emma Watson has subscribed to the explicit sex research site OMGYES . com , which uses data on female pleasure to improve sexual performance .   " It ’s a pretty cool website . I wish It had been around longer , " Watson told the audience . " Definitely check It out . It ’s an expensive subscription but It ’s worth It . " Thank you @emwatson and @gloriasteinem for being so open about women ’s sexual pleasure !    @5X15stories @howtoacademy pic . twitter .    —    OMGYES ( @OMGYES ) February 26 , 2016 ,   The site bills The site as " lifting the veil on women ’s sexual pleasure . " Subscribers can view videos on sexual techniques and even test Subscribers out Subscribers with what The site calls , " touchable videos . " Users pay a    fee of $ 29 to access the The site the " early bird " option . During her talk with Steinem , Watson opened up about the similarities between herself and her character that made her a her name : precocious bookworm Hermione Granger . Last month , Watson enlisted Watson Twitter her help in naming her new her book club , ultimately settling on " Our Shared Shelf . " " I feel as though I spent a long time trying to pretend I was not like Hermione , " Watson told Watson , according to the Huffington Post . " And , of course , I was rather like Hermione . "   • Emma Watson at " How To : Academy " with Gloria Steinem February 24 , 2016 !   —    her outfit Gloria Steinem # emmawatson @emmawatson , A photo posted by Emma Watson ( @emsdwatson ) on Feb 25 , 2016 at 11:43am PST ,   The pair also discussed issued of body insecurity , female empowerment , and even some politics . " People think that because he has a lot of money , he ’s he , " Steinem said of Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump . " Donald Trump Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump a successful businessman , he ’s a Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump con man . " Watson has had a busy year . The actress launched the # HeForShe campaign , which seeks to recruit men and boys into the feminist movement , with a rousing speech at the United Nations in September . Fans of the actress will The actress more chance to see Watson before she Watson her    The actress from The actress : She ’s set to The actress in the upcoming thriller The Circle alongside Tom Hanks , and she also just wrapped The actress on the upcoming    Beauty and the Beast , where she ’ll star as The actress opposite Dan Stevens as the Beast . 
 the Beast 