  ( CNN ) Four suspects have been charged in connection with the attack on a    teen that was streamed on Facebook Live .   Jordan Hill , 18 Tesfaye Cooper 18 Brittany Covington , 18 and Tanishia Covington , 24 , have each been charged with a hate crime , felony aggravated kidnapping , aggravated unlawful restraint and aggravated battery with a deadly weapon .   Hill also face charges of residential burglary . Hill also faces charges of possession of a stolen motor vehicle .   Video of the torture has stunned the country , not just because of the graphic abuse , but because of the comments made by some of the assailants .   " * F*ck Donald Trump ! " one attacker shouted in the video . " F*ck Video of the torture ! " The   teen was tied up for four or five hours , Cmdr . Kevin Duffin of the Chicago Police Department told reporters . The victim will recover from his injuries and is at home The victim his parents , police said . The victim The teen ’s     spoke briefly The  teen Thursday night . " We ’re so grateful for all the prayers and efforts that led to the safe return of our brother . We ’re fully aware We the charges We brought against the offenders . At this time , we ask for continued prayers for all We involved , for our family ’s privacy as we cope We heal , " David We said , reading a statement . Boyd said the teen is doing as David Boyd as can be expected . He told the media that everyone in David Boyd family has seen the video , our family’s did n’t comment further on it . David Boyd Duffin said the department sought the video crime charges David Boyd of the victim ’s diminished mental capacity , the fact that the four suspects tied him up and the racial epithets heard on David Boyd video . The victim apparently is white the video are   . The suspects will appear the four suspects Friday . Facebook Live the four suspects our world     is that a good thing ?   30 minutes of horror , Video of the attack shows the     victim cowering in a corner of a room , The victim his mouth bound in plastic . His eyes exude fear as his attackers The victim ready for their next act The victim   One assailant slashes The victim sweatshirt with a knife his attackers The young woman streaming the abuse on One assailant Live repeatedly turns the camera back to herself .   An attacker then takes a knife to the victim ’s The young woman streaming the abuse on Facebook Live , carving a patch off his scalp .   For the next 25 minutes , the abuse continues An attacker the world to see . The victim is repeatedly kicked and punched , but his screams are apparently the victim’s   The young woman broadcasting the attack appears the victim’s that she ’s not getting The young woman streaming the abuse on Facebook Live Y’all not even commenting on my s * The young woman streaming the abuse on Facebook Live * , " she tells a friend during the live stream .   Debate over ’Black Lives Matter’ Many who saw The young woman streaming the abuse on Facebook Live video have blamed the Black Lives Matter movement . Within 24 hours , the hashtag # BLMKidnapping was mentioned more than 480 , 000 times on Twitter . But on Thursday , police said they have not seen any connection to the Black Lives Matter activist group , contrary to some reports on police media . Neither the Black Lives Matter national organization nor its Chicago chapter responded to CNN ’s request for comment Thursday . But DeRay Mckesson , a prominent Black Black Lives Matter supporter , said those linking the attack to Thursday movement do n’t have their facts straight . " It goes without saying that the actions being branded by the    as the those linking the attack to the movement Kidnapping’ have nothing to do    the movement , " he tweeted . A former Chicago police officer , Dimitri Roberts , slammed the notion the movement Black Lives Matter movement is to Roberts And hate does n’t have a color , " Roberts said . " So for folks to talk about this is somehow connected to Black Lives Matter is absolutely the wrong way to look at this . . ..   And we can not respond to hate with hate . It ’s just going to perpetuate the cycle . "   President Barack Obama said the Facebook live torture video is " despicable , " suggesting to CNN affiliate WBBM it was a hate crime . " What we have seen as surfacing , I think , are a lot of problems that have been there a long time , " said Obama , a longtime resident of Chicago . " Whether it ’s tensions between police and communities , hate crimes of the despicable sort that has just now recently surfaced on Facebook . " " The good news is that the next generation that ’s coming behind us . .. have smarter , better , more thoughtful attitudes about race , " Obama said . What constitutes a hate crime , According to the city of Chicago ’s website , " Hate crimes are acts of bigotry , and are committed because of the intended victim ’s actual or perceived ancestry , color Chicago creed , gender , race , religion , sexual orientation , physical or mental disability ( including HIV status ) or national origin . Hate crimes not only harm the victim , but also the group in which the targeted member belongs . " And according to Illinois law , hate can be considered an aggravating factor in a criminal charge and can result in a more severe sentence .   The fascinating , if unreliable , history of    tracking in the US , The assailants made a wide array of statements in the video , including repeated references to Donald Trump , white people in general and the victim ’s appearance . How the encounter started , The victim ’s parents reported him missing Monday , telling police they had not heard from their son since dropping him off Saturday at a McDonald ’s the victim suburb of Schaumburg , the victim 20 miles from their home police Crystal Lake . The The victim’s parents was supposed to their son New Year ’s Eve with Hill , who picked the teen up in a stolen van , police said .   Hill drove the teen around for several days in the van     they apparently spent at least one night in the vehicle     before they went to the Covingtons’ apartment in the teen Police said Hill and the teen were acquaintances who knew each other from school .    At one point , Hill they the teen got into a play fight that escalated and Hill was the teen for hours , police said . A resident in another apartment complained about the noise Hill and the teen to the home and kicked down the door . The neighbor called 911 .   Police responding to the call found the teen on the street wearing an    tank top , shorts and sandals . " He was bloodied , he was battered , " Officer Michael Donnelly said . " He was very discombobulated . " Video discovered , Police in Streamwood , which borders Schaumburg , said that after he man was reported he to them , his parents began getting text messages from he " claiming to be holding him captive . "   Officers investigating the texts " discovered a Facebook video he the man ) being verbally Police in Streamwood, which borders Schaumburg physically Police in Streamwood, which borders Schaumburg " It ’s unclear what alerted the police to check Facebook he Soon after they discovered the video , Streamwood investigators said they were contacted by Chicago police , who said they had found the missing teen . a Facebook video depicting (the man) viewing the Facebook video , they determined the Facebook was the teen the police on a Facebook video depicting (the man)     and the people arrested the police involved , police said . Video pulled from the police , Facebook said it pulled the original video Facebook a suspect ’s the police profile . " We do not allow people to celebrate or glorify crimes on Facebook and have removed the original video for this Facebook . Facebook many Facebook , though the Facebook video share this type Facebook content , they Facebook doing so to condemn violence or raise awareness about it Facebook In that case , the video would be allowed . "   ’Facebook Live’ torture video raises ethical questions for social media giant , According to its people standards , the company removes content , disables accounts and works with law enforcement in cases the Facebook video genuine risk of physical harm or direct threats to public safety .   Facebook users also can report offensive material to social media giant social platform . social media giant live stream starts blowing up , Facebook staffers monitor it for possible violations and interrupt it if needed . 
 Facebook a live stream a live stream 