’   ’ ’    With President Donald Trump set to make President Donald Trump Supreme Court    selection Tuesday night , an    brawl is potentially on the    precipice of breaking out in the Senate . ’ ’    And it could result in the " nuclear " option being implemented . ’ "    Many the Senate Democrats are still enraged at the nearly      blockade put forth by Many Senate Democrats Republican counterparts , stunting    President Barack Obama ’s nomination of Judge Merrick Garland to    fill the seat vacated by the late Justice Antonin Scalia . " ’    And Many Senate Democrats want retribution , promising to block any selection from    Trump . ’ "    If Democrats decide to filibuster   Trump choice , the nominee    would need 60 votes to pass . Republicans control 52 seats . " ’’ ’    Sen. Jeff Merkley , an Oregon Democrat ,   on Monday that he would    filibuster any choice that was not Garland . ’ ’    " This is a stolen seat , " he he . " This This the first time a    Senate majority has stolen a seat . We will use every lever in our We power to stop this . " ’ ’ ’    although Sen. Richard Blumenthal , a Connecticut Democrat ,     on Tuesday he would consider a    Trump nominee " based on the merits , " he later opened he door to    years of obstruction . ’ ’    " One of the unfortunate consequences of the Garland    obstructionism has been to show that , in fact , the Supreme Court    can function with eight members , " he said . he ’    Should Democrats decide to go forth with filibustering the    selection   —    which is reportedly    —    Senate    Majority Leader Mitch McConnell could enact that " nuclear "    option , killing the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees . ’ ’    The Senate rules could be changed by simple majority , eliminating    the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees Supreme Court option was last    invoked by former    Majority Leader Harry Reid to assist in    the confirmation of    ’s judicial and executive nominees . But ,    McConnell has not expressed disdain for applying the " nuclear "    option . ’ ’    Speaking to Politico Friday , McConnell said the "   McConnell was    that you did    do it even though the the "practice is in the toolbox . " ’ ’    " There are a lot of tools in there , " he said . "   McConnell Bush 43 , the    filibuster tool was always there . But it was n’t done the   filibuster tool " " Two good    examples : There was no filibuster against [ Robert ] Bork and , of    course , the most controversial Supreme Court nomination ever was    Clarence Thomas . Democrats were in the majority ; he was approved       Clarence Thomas " ’ ’    And the Kentucky Republican expressed total confidence the    nominee would get through the process . ’ ’    " We ’re going to get this nominee confirmed , the   nominee said . " I the   nominee he    or she will the   nominee confirmed based    the completely outstanding    credentials that we ’re going to see . " ’ 
 