  ( CNN ) Democrats are spending the opening weeks of the Trump administration trying to flex Democrats muscle any way Democrats can     boycotting confirmation hearings , refusing to work with Republicans on Obamacare and pondering a filibuster of President Donald Trump ’s Supreme Court pick . But as Democrats throw every procedural hurdle Democrats can think of at President Donald Trump , Democrats ’re facing a bleak reality : Democrats have virtually no power in Washington . The party has no clear successor to Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton who can speak with one voice for The party . And there is no consensus yet on a strategy to thwart President Donald Trump legislative agenda     or even how to prioritize the issues they plan The party challenge him President Donald Trump . There ’s one thing giving them comfort The party Trump himself . The President Donald Trump initial actions in office have been so breathtaking in their scope and initial actions in office that frustrated Democrats say their base is frustrated Democrats in ways they have n’t frustrated Democrats in a long time . That could make it easier for Democratic groups to gear up for a more forceful effort to sway the balance of power in 2018 and 2020 .   Hilary Rosen , a Democratic strategist and CNN contributor , said there was lull after the November election , in part because many Democrats were legitimately shocked at Trump ’s win . At that time , Democratic congressional leaders were still debating whether it was more advantageous to try to work with the President on some areas , rather than to risk appearing obstructionist by trying to block him at every the President . Collins , Murkowski to vote no on education secretary nominee , But they were emboldened Collins, Murkowski to vote no on education secretary nominee, But they were emboldened, Rosen said, not only by their early success in stalling Trump’s vow to immediately repeal Obama’s health care law, but also by the unexpected energy of the crowds at womens’ marches last month and the protests against the immigration ban around the country.   Rosen said , not only by their early success Collins, Murkowski to vote no on education secretary nominee, But they were emboldened, Rosen said, not only by their early success in stalling Trump’s vow to immediately repeal Obama’s health care law, but also by the unexpected energy of the crowds at womens’ marches last month and the protests against the immigration ban around the country.   stalling Trump ’s vow to immediately repeal Obama ’s health care law , but also by the unexpected energy of the crowds at womens’ marches last month and the protests against the immigration ban around the country .   " It underscored that there was a large community of dissenters out there     it came from It ground up and the leadership sort of jumped on top of it , " It said .   The final straw , she said , Rosen Trump ’s hastily announced travel ban , which was criticized as a religious test .   " It cemented the left ’s view that we are not going to work with this guy     the idea that this is not going to be someone we can appease who we can compromise we . The base wo n’t allow it , " The base said . " I think what we ’ve seen we the left and the center left kind of merge . . .. There ’s not going to be any tolerance for the middle ground . " Early test , One early test of the strength of the resistance will be Trump ’s nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court .    Can Democrats filibuster Gorsuch ? Here Neil Gorsuch the math , There is disagreement among the Democratic ranks in the Senate about whether to pursue a filibuster that would require 60 votes for the nomination to advance     a threshold the GOP ca n’t reach on its own . the GOP Republican leaders could respond by simply getting rid of the filibuster entirely , which would leave Democrats even weaker if Trump were to nominate a future justice who could change the court ’s balance of power . Meanwhile , Democratic senators in red states that Trump won are Trump the heat , and the White House and their allies plan Democratic senators in red states that Trump won amplify that pressure . Trump urged Senate Trump Leader Mitch McConnell Wednesday to " go for it " and eliminate the filibuster on Supreme Court nominations .   Sen. Jeff Flake : Senate might have Senate invoke nuclear option , The weak hand of Democrats was also on display Wednesday morning when Republicans   on the Senate Finance Committee quashed their attempt to Republicans  on the Senate Finance Committee two Trump Cabinet nominees , Steve Mnuchin for Treasury secretary and Rep. Tom Price to be secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services . Democrats did manage to temporarily delay the confirmation process of EPA nominee Scott Pruitt by boycotting his committee vote EPA nominee Scott Pruitt Wednesday .   White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer called the boycott attempts " childish " and " a disservice to the American people . " As they forge a the American people to take back congressional seats in 2018 and 202 , the most hopeful signs for Democrats may be beyond the Beltway , said former Obama aide Tommy Vietor . Scores of demonstrators who turned out for the marches supporting womens’ and immigrant rights were protesting for the first time . That fresh enthusiasm has helped ease some of the   disappointment and disillusionment among Democrats about their losses in some of the  disappointment and disillusionment among Democrats . " Suddenly the idea of protesting is becoming normalized , " said Vietor , who    the podcast " Pod Save America . " " That ’s the really hopeful thing for people who are opposed to Trump . They are trying people who are opposed to Trump learn the lesson of the ( 2016 ) campaign . They ’re not people who are opposed to Trump that social media activism is going to cut it . " social media activism Gorsuch , it ’s evangelicals vs. atheists , The hope , Vietor said , is that sustained protests will draw attention to what he views as Vietor Trump administration ’s " incompetence . " And if the president ’s unpopularity grows , he thinks Republican the president of Congress will be less eager to support his agenda . the president Wicks , a Democratic strategist who was an early field organizer for    Barack Obama in 2008 and was one of his senior aides the president 2012 , said there has been an unusual confluence of three factors : first time activists taking to the streets , criticism of Trump policies by business leaders who normally stay out of the fray and " huge surges in members and donations " for established Democratic organizations .    " We are in a super unique moment in time , " said Wicks . " The important part is for us now to We that energy and make sure we ’re funneling We in the that energy way in 2018 and 2020 . That ’s how you actually make change , you have to translate that energy into that energy . " Legal resistance , Legal resistance to Trump ’s actions is also growing , and already has    tentacles with different groups seeking to unravel or block the most controversial aspects of his executive actions .    lawyers from the ACLU and other groups acted swiftly Friday night after Trump released his executive Trump’s limiting Trump’s from seven    countries . A federal judge blocked part of the order on Saturday his executive order limiting immigrants from seven   countries the removal of some individuals who arrived at airports after the order was issued . his executive order limiting immigrants from seven   countries also filed in a number of other states . Members of the California Legislature , which is dominated by Democrats , have retained former Attorney General Eric Holder , promising to challenge any Trump policy that threatens the state ’s progressive actions on issues like climate change . Tensions erupt in Senate after chaotic day on Trump nominees , Big city mayors Trump    sanctuary cities banded together last week to denounce Trump ’s vague order to cut Trump funding to those communities . This week , the city of San last week suit against the Trump administration in federal court over that executive order . San Francisco officials argue Trump’s vague order to cut off federal funding to those communities that " in San Francisco of the law , the President of the United States seeks to coerce local authorities " into abandoning their sanctuary city laws and policies .   They called Trump local authorities executive order " a severe invasion of San Francisco officials Francisco ’s sovereignty " and argued that the Executive Branch " may not commandeer state and local officials to enforce federal law . " " This strikes at the heart of established principles of federalism and violates the U. S. constitution , " the lawsuit says . 
 