Sen. Marco Rubio delivered a speech in Florida just minutes before the polls closed in Mississippi and Michigan , where Sen. Marco Rubio was getting crushed by Donald Trump . [ Rather than focusing on the devastating election results , Sen. Marco Rubio bet everything on Sen. Marco Rubio home state .   " I believe with all my heart that the winner of the Florida primary next Tuesday will be the nominee of the Republican primary , " Sen. Marco Rubio said . But the only good news Sen. Marco Rubio had to share with Sen. Marco Rubio supporters in Ponte Vedra , Florida was Sen. Marco Rubio win in Puerto Rico . Sen. Marco Rubio said : We will win and I know We will win because last Saturday night , I traveled to the island of Puerto Rico , a place that does not vote for Republicans often . And I did not go there as a moderate , nor did I go there as a liberal , I went there as a conservative    …      and on Sunday , over 70 percent of people on Florida voted for Sen. Marco Rubio and I won that primary ! Sen. Marco Rubio took the stage with Sen. Marco Rubio sleeves rolled up and delivered another urgent plea to voters to help Sen. Marco Rubio win a dynamic victory next Tuesday . Sen. Marco Rubio warned voters against nominating Donald Trump , saying that 60 percent of the Republican party was rejecting Sen. Marco Rubio , and a third of the party the Republican party ever vote for Sen. Marco Rubio . Sen. Marco Rubio continued to argue that Sen. Marco Rubio was the best candidate to beat Hillary Clinton in November and to keep Donald Trump from the nomination . " It ’s not enough to stand up here and say we ’re going to make America Great Again , " Sen. Marco Rubio said . " You deserve to know how ! You deserve to know how you ’re going to do that ! Because if you do n’t know how , then how do you hold anyone accountable ? How do you really know what you ’re getting ? " Rubio also alluded to Ted Cruz as a conservative that could n’t win a general election . " We can not afford to nominate someone in this party that is not conservative and we can not afford to nominate someone that is not a conservative that can win , " he said . Rubio I know that I can win . The Democrats know that I will win . " Rubio recalled his Rubio Senate Rubio against the more liberal Charlie Crist . He reminded voters Rubio it was time for voters to support him again because Rubio needed Florida Rubio continue his 2016 campaign Rubio " Tonight , this weather , this is why people live in Florida right here Florida " he said . Rubio So here we are . It always comes down to Florida , does Florida it ? And It will again It year , not once but twice . " 
 