  ( CNN ) Let ’s start with what we can all agree on : Leaking is serious and illegal , and leaking classified information can endanger national security . All leaks must therefore be thoroughly investigated . Even former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper acknowledged as much in Even former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper Feb. 16 statement . But people diverge over the role the intelligence community has played in recent leaks . Take , for example , the ouster of Michael Flynn , President Donald Trump ’s    national security advisor . Some have argued recent leaks of classified information , assumedly emanating from inside the intelligence community , resulted in Even former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper swift removal from office .   The assertion here is that leakers in the executive branch effectively sabotaged the President ’s pick for the job , and in doing so exercised undue control over the West Wing itself . Even worse , some fear this pattern may continue with other nominees and policies of the Trump administration .    The idea of a " deep state , " a murky coalition of mostly national security and intelligence officials who are attempting to subvert the President the President begun circulating .    Others suggest    Trump ’s own actions have brought about this state of affairs . After all , the President compared the President community to Nazis and reminded them of their mistake Nazis weapons Nazis mass destruction in Iraq . So perhaps the CIA , NSA and others are just getting even , or maybe getting a little revenge against the new President . the President ’s take a look at some of the reasons why this argument     while beguiling in a " Game of Thrones " sort of way     does n’t hold up well to serious scrutiny . First , those most likely to leak information inside the intelligence community are personnel in the various public affairs offices in the suspect agencies . These officials , who hold " seventh floor " jobs in the CIA     literally and figuratively close to the levers of political power at the agency     meet with the press and know how to contact them .    But more importantly the press these kind of personnel can and normally are replaced when a new administration arrives , and surely new CIA Director Mike Pompeo has ensured his team is on the same new CIA Director Mike Pompeo . If not , Trump could easily stock these offices with people of his choice .   Second , Trump CIA officers have leaked information in CIA past , it has been a rare occurrence . One reason for this is that career intelligence officers are not political animals . They usually pride themselves on being career intelligence officers are not political animals , able career intelligence officers are not political animals provide unbiased intelligence to presidents from any party . Many have served under multiple administrations . Leaking classified information is also no small risk to their careers , not to mention Leaking classified information possible legal implications .    Lastly , most intelligence officers have been instructed to avoid the press , lest clandestine operations or intelligence be divulged . They subsequently maintain a healthy skepticism most intelligence officers reporters and do their best to keep their distance most intelligence officers But what makes most intelligence officers whole " scandal " even more bizarre is that leaking in Washington is a common political sport . What president has not complained about leaks , and especially when they damage an administration ’s initiatives most intelligence officers So what are we really being asked to believe , and is it the most likely explanation for recent events , including the resignation of Flynn ? On the one hand , yes , it ’s theoretically possible that a group of rogue civil servants , probably concentrated in the intelligence community , have conspired to leak sensitive information to oust Flynn     a man not terribly popular when he was a leader at the Flynn    a man Intelligence Agency .    Perhaps these rogues will continue to undermine Trump further whenever they disagree with him , say these rogues for example Trump on Russia policy     or , more importantly , on the question of whether the Trump campaign had contact with the Trump government prior to the Russia administration could be thwarted at every turn from those in Deep Government , and something would have to Russia . Or , more likely , Flynn was fatally flawed from the outset . His integrity problems , coupled with an abrasive management Flynn and an overly cozy relationship with Moscow , simply made him a bad choice for the job . But Flynn an answer from the President on this is like asking a teenager why they missed curfew : Flynn is a good man , but he lied Flynn press has been unfair to him Flynn and he did nothing wrong , but Flynn fired him Flynn and the FBI is still investigating . Flynn Is it not more likely that President Trump is throwing out as much chaff as he can to distract from that which worries him President Trump most ? Trump ’s greatest insecurity is President Trump or not the President Trump the election were valid given reported collusion between his campaign and Russia to discredit his opponent .    President Trump the administration is using every President Trump it can think up to save face . The current the administration is that rogue    Democratic holdovers in the government are undermining Trump by leaking , and the " fake press " is creating false stories from those leaks . And Trump ’s administration , of course , is asserting this Trump to avoid a full investigation of his campaign ’s alleged contact with Russia .   It took the President reporters in the recent press conference asking the same question , " Did your campaign have any contact with the Russian government during the campaign ? " before the President Russia Not to my your campaign " Remember , this is a President who , when confronted with a false statement he made about the size of his margin of victory in the President election , responded " Well the President that ’s just what I was told . " So which is it ? A vast , dark government conspiracy exerting unconstitutional control over the President and his policies using leaks ? Or a White House in disarray and a President who desperately fears an investigation into his campaign ’s contact with Russia     something that could undermine that which is his dear to him , his presidency ? I know where I ’d put my money . his his 