Columnist Charles Krauthammer said Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s " sisterhood of the marching pantsuits " " is going to have to dress light " if women who do n’t support each other are going to hell and that New Hampshire was " a huge night for Trump " and GOP presidential candidate New Jersey Governor Chris Christie ’s attack on fellow candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio helped Trump the most and Rubio ’s going to have " a very hard slog for fellow candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio " on Tuesday ’s coverage of the New Hampshire primary on the Fox News Channel .   Krauthammer said , " I think the main   —    the most striking elements are race and gender . Of course , race does n’t show up , because Iowa and New New Hampshire lily white , which is why I think in the end , even though this is a terrible night for Hillary , I do think in the end the end ’s not this to matter , because a large part of the Democratic constituency is    and Sanders is going to try to appeal to it by pandering tomorrow . He ’s going Sanders be meeting in New York . But I ’m not sure that ’s really going to help him . The Sanders one that struck me in the exit polls , is the gender issue . Sanders wins the Sanders by almost 30 % and Sanders also won Sanders the women . Which I think is a refutation of Madeleine Albright , who said , just a couple days ago , that women who do n’t help women , essentially who do n’t support Hillary , have a special place in hell . Well , I think it was Mark Twain who said , ‘ Heaven for the climate , hell for the company.’ It looks like the sisterhood of the marching pantsuits is going to have to dress light . If she loses women Hillary it shows you how much of a shellacking she took . Hillary Krauthammer added , " On the other side , of course , this is a huge night for Trump .    …      His margin over    two is really astonishing . But the most interesting element is , the one event in the debate , the hit that was put on Rubio by Christie , who incidentally appears not to have been helped . It was something like a suicide attack . But the others have been helped . But the one who ’s helped the most is trump , because Trump you have a muddle among the    mainstream lane . It ’s easier to see four of them , three now you have a muddle among the   mainstream lane them , possibly now you have a muddle among the   mainstream lane proceeding . And as we saw , with the late deciders , Rubio won them Rubio Iowa now you have a muddle among the   mainstream lane which gave him a strong Rubio , but he lost them Rubio New now you have a muddle among the   mainstream lane , lost by 8 points to Kasich . Imagine if those numbers were switched , Kasich and Rubio Kasich he Rubio likely Rubio number two now , and have the momentum . So he looks like Rubio ’s been Rubio in his tracks right Rubio . And imagine one other thing , Trump gets over 30 % which is extremely impressive in a big field , but had the field been a big field , tonight , to one person for the mainstream lane , Cruz , and Trump , 30 Trump so means a dead heat among the three . The longer that is postponed , and New Hampshire has postponed it , the better it is for Trump . the He Trump that if Rubio comes in 5th or 6th , he would still continue his He , but the He " terribly hurt " him , and there have He times where one event has killed a candidacy . Krauthammer added that Rubio will have to overcome Rubio debate performance , which Rubio thinks Rubio can , Rubio that Rubio election will be " a very hard slog for him . Much harder than Rubio would have been otherwise the election " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 