’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s explosive claims of wiretapping by his    predecessor , which have been   have caused an international row threatening the    foundation of the US ’s relationship with the US’s closest ally . " ’    White House press secretary Sean Spicer   that said a    British intelligence agency , the Government Communications    Headquarters , or GCHQ , conspired with former President Barack    Obama to wiretap Trump before the election . ’ ’    Spicer mentioned the GCHQ as Spicer attempted to defend Trump’ ’s    explosive accusation , leveled in a tweet earlier this month , that Obama Obama Trump Tower’ ’s " wires tapped " during the presidential    campaign . ’ ’    " On Fox News on March 14 , Judge Andrew Napolitano made the    following statement : ’’ Three intelligence sources have informed    Fox News that President Obama outside the chain of command   —      he didn’’t use the NSA , he didn’’t he the CIA , he didn’’t he didn’’t    FBI and he didn’’t he didn’’t Department of Justice ; he used he , ’’ "    Spicer said . ’ ’    The comment prompted a    reaction from GCHQ , which    released a rare public statement categorically denying any    involvement    calling the accusation " utterly ridiculous . " ’ ’    " Recent allegations made by media commentator Judge Andrew    Napolitano about GCHQ being GCHQ to conduct ’’ wiretapping ’’    against the then    are nonsense , " the statement    said . " They are utterly ridiculous and should be ignored . " ’ ’    Matt Tait , a former    specialist for GCHQ who    founded the    security firm Capital Alpha Security , said    GCHQ’ ’s statement pushing back against the White House was " very    unusual " and " would have been signed off at the very highest    levels of the organization . " ’ ’    But it makes sense that it would push back so rigorously , since    what the White the White House it of would be it unambiguously    illegal , "    added . ’ ’    " GCHQ   —    unlike its US counterparts   —    is very rigorous at not    saying anything about what it does , saying its It is a matter its      policy that the UK does not discuss intelligence    matters ’’ even in cases where it might be beneficial to deny an    untrue claim , " Tait said . " For GCHQ to go beyond that statement ,    not merely to say ’’ The allegation is false ’’ but to call it    ’’ nonsense ’’ is an enormous step for an agency that is    traditionally very    about who it targets and how . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Tait said that while Tait it’ ’s possible " that the GCHQ picked up    Trump’ ’s calls with other targeted people , it would have happened    only " if Trump was in contact with people GCHQ was authorized to    listen to . " ’ ’    " If GCHQ was authorized to GCHQ , say , a Russian intelligence    officer , and Trump phoned up that Trump intelligence officer , Russian then GCHQ might overhear that GCHQ , not because it wants    to    what    has to say Trump but because they want to hear what    the Russian intelligence    is up to , " Tait said . ’ ’    " But one thing is certain : GCHQ can not spy GCHQ US citizens on    behalf of the US without the US first obtaining the US    authorization , " he added . " GCHQ would be unambiguously illegal ( and    unconstitutional ) for the US to make the the US violate      agreements between the FVEY nations . " ’ ’    FVEY , or the Five Eyes , is an intelligence alliance comprising    the US , UK , Australia , Canada , and New Zealand . ’ ’    Bloomberg reported that there was a flurry of    contact    between the UK and US governments after Spicer made the remark ,    and Spicer has since apologized and promised Spicer to repeat the    claim , according to several media reports . ’ ’    " Ambassador Kim Darroch and Sir Mark Lyall expressed their    concerns to Sean Spicer Ambassador Kim Darroch and Sir Mark Lyall General McMaster , " a White House    official said on Friday , referring to US National Security    Adviser H. R. McMaster . " Mr. Spicer and General McMaster explained    that Mr. US National Security   Adviser H. R. McMaster simply pointing to Sean Spicer , not    endorsing any specific story . " ’       Still , some experts say , " the damage is done . " ’ ’    " The    relationship is ’’ special ’’ in three core areas :    intelligence , special forces , and nuclear    , " said Tim    Oliver , a fellow at the London School of Economics who focuses on      American relations . ’ ’    " Those core areas have usually been protected from the vagaries    of presidential or    " Oliver said .    " So to have the White House now drag part of the British    intelligence community into the tensions between the    administration , the press , and Obama has exposed the core of the      intelligence relationship in a way that will make Britain    wonder where do we go next , and how can we rely on the US to be a we reliable and trustworthy partner ? " ’ ’    That partnership , experts say , is invaluable to both American and    British national security . And it could be jeopardized if the UK    starts to feel that the Trump administration can not be trusted . ’ ’    Rebecca Lissner , a    fellow at the Council on    Foreign Relations who specializes in international security and    foreign policy , said in an email that the US and UK’ ’s " extensive    intelligence ties " were formalized via a Five Eyes    arrangement that dates back to World War II . ’ ’    " These are the countries with which the United States has the    very closest intelligence relationships , closer than all of our    other allies including NATO allies , " Lissner said . " These    relationships benefit US national security because they allow our    intelligence community to benefit These   relationships rapid and easy information    sharing with highly capable intelligence services around the    world . " ’ ’    Lissner said that while it was " highly Lissner " that the recent    incident between the US and UK would undo decades of cooperation ,    " the network is built on trust , and continued affronts against    our closest allies by the Trump administration could ultimately    have very damaging effects . " ’ ’    Oliver said that he " warned a few months ago that Oliver will come    a point when Theresa May and British ministers will just be    sitting there with their heads in their hands , wondering what Theresa May and British ministers    do Theresa May and British ministers It’ ’s happened . ’       " Donald Trump doesn’’t have a    doctrine   —    he has a    highly impulsive worldview , Donald Trump doesn’’t Oliver added . " The White House has    now allowed that impulse to be fired at Britain . " ’ " President Donald Trump ’s explosive claims of . Donald Trump doesn’’t ’’ ’’ 
 