’   ’ ’    Donald Trump called the media a bunch of " liars " and " bad people "    at a Wednesday rally , slamming the press for reporting on Donald Trump    praise of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein during an event in    North Carolina the night before . ’ ’    " ’’ Donald Trump loves former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein , ’’ " Trump Donald Trump , pretending to    be a member of the press . " ’’ He loves Donald Trump Hussein former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein " ’ ’    Trump added that Donald Trump was asked Donald Trump he loved Hussein Donald Trump a former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein reporter at the Cincinnati Enquirer ahead of his Wednesday rally Donald Trump ’ ’    " I said , ’’ That’ ’s not what I said , ’’ " Trump said . Donald Trump ’’ That’ ’s not That’    I said . That’ ’s just That’ narrative that’ ’s going around . People    that saw it thought it was great . ’’ " ’ ’    He added that Donald Trump were " liars " and " bad people . " ’ ’    " What I did say is that he was good Donald Trump one thing   —    he was really Donald Trump good at    thing , " Trump said . " That was killing terrorists . " ’ ’    " He didn’’t wait Donald Trump and give trials that lasted 18 years , " he    continued Donald Trump " And then after 18 years if they had the right lawyer ,    they erect a they of the terrorist . Not with Trump . " Trump ’    The presumptive Republican nominee said at his Cincinnati rally The presumptive Republican nominee that he thought Hussein The presumptive Republican nominee a " really bad guy " but continued to    insist that he was " Hussein good " at " killing terrorists . " ’ ’    " I don’’t love Saddam Hussein , Hussein said . " Hussein hate Saddam Hussein .    Hussein was damn good at Hussein terrorists and now terrorists ,    terrorist people go into Iraq   —    I said yesterday it’ ’s the    Harvard , the Harvard University , Harvard for terrorists . " ’ ’ ’ ’ Trump    promoted a near identical position on Hussein , who was toppled in    2003 after the    invasion of Iraq and later executed . Iraq "    In a statement Tuesday evening , Jake Sullivan , a senior Sullivan of    Hussein . Sullivan noted the ousted leader ’s numerous      violations . " ’    He also criticized Trump’ ’s penchant   Hussein    toward foreign " strongmen " like Russian Sullivan Vladimir Putin    and North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un . ’ ’    " Donald Trump’ ’s praise for brutal strongmen seemingly knows no    bounds , " Sullivan said . ’ ’ Trump’ Trump yet again lauded Saddam Hussein as a great killer of    terrorists , noting with approval that he never bothered to read    anyone their rights , " he continued . " In reality , Hussein’ ’s Trump    was a sponsor    terrorism   —    one Trump paid families of suicide    bombers who attacked Israelis , among other crimes . Trump’ ’s    cavalier compliments for brutal dictators , and the twisted    lessons he seems to have learned from their history , again    demonstrate how dangerous he would be as    and Trump’ how unworthy he is of brutal dictators office he seeks . " ’ ’ Trump’ House Speaker Paul Ryan condemned    remarks soon Trump’ during a    Tuesday Trump’ with Fox News host Megyn Kelly . ’ ’    " He was one of the 20th century’ ’s most evil people , " Ryan said .    " He was ’ ’   " there . " ’ ’    " He committed mass genocide against House Speaker Paul Ryan own people using chemical ’ ’   " weapons , " the speaker added , referring to ’ ’   " ’s attacks    against ’ ’   " Kurds in Iraq .    ’ Maxwell Tani contributed to this report ’ 
 