Donald Trump is criticizing Hillary Clinton over the fact that the Clinton Foundation is honoring a Palestinian teacher whose husband is a convicted terrorist on Tuesday evening . [ Hanan    is scheduled to speak at a Hillary Clinton Global Initiative event in New York after winning a $ 1 million teaching award from another charity that donates to the Clinton Foundation . Her husband Hanan    Omar    spent 10 years in an Israeli prison for his role Omar    a 1980 bombing that killed six Israelis .   The event a Clinton Global Initiative event in New York ahead as planned , in spite of the recent Islamist terrorist bombings in New York and New Jersey , which injured dozens . The Wall Street Journal noted Tuesday : Omar    was Omar    charges that he was an accomplice Omar    a deadly bombing attack in Hebron that killed Israelis walking home from Friday night Sabbath prayers . According to an Associated Press account at the time , Omar    was a Omar    provided chemicals needed for making the bombs . Trump campaign spokesman Jason Miller said : Today ’s report that the Clinton Foundation is feting the wife of a Palestinian man convicted of helping bomb innocent Israeli citizens is deeply disturbing , especially in the wake of this weekend ’s attacks . The decision to honor the wife of a terrorist by Hillary Clinton ’s foundation shows a complete lack of judgment and a callousness that should disqualify her from holding the presidency Hillary Clinton’s The Republican National Committee has also reportedly objected . The biography for Hanan    on the Clinton Foundation website does not mention the terror connection : Winner of the 2016 Global Teacher Prize , an initiative of the Varkey Foundation , Hanan Al Hroub grew up in the Palestinian refugee camp , Bethlehem , where she was regularly exposed to Hanan Al Hroub of violence . She went into primary education Hanan Al Hroub her children were left deeply Hanan Al Hroub by a shooting incident they witnessed on their way her children from school her children Her experiences in meetings and Hanan Al Hroub to discuss her children ’s behavior , Hanan Al Hroub and academic performance in the years that followed led Al Hroub to try to help others who , having grown up in similar circumstances , require special handling at school . With so many troubled children in the region , Palestinian classrooms can be tense environments . Al Hroub embraces the slogan Al Hroub to Violence " and uses a specialized teaching approach she developed herself . Al Hroub Al Hroub shared Al Hroub perspective Al Hroub , meetings and Al Hroub training seminars . The Clinton Foundation responded by producing a statement from Democrat    Haim Saban , who also supports    causes , in support of the event and of Hroub ’s work as a teacher . Al Hroub Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : Joel B. Pollak Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 