California ’s    agency voted on Friday to push ahead with stricter emissions standards for cars and trucks , setting up a potential legal battle with the Trump administration over California ’s plan to reduce    gases . The vote , by the California Air Resources Board , is the boldest indication yet of California California plan to stand up to President Trump ’s agenda . Leading politicians in the California from the governor down to many mayors , have promised to lead the resistance to Mr. Trump President Trump’s Mr. Trump , backing industry over environmental concerns , said easing emissions rules would help stimulate auto manufacturing . He vowed last week President Trump’s loosen the regulations . Automakers are aggressively pursuing those changes after years of supporting stricter standards . But California can write its own standards because California a longstanding waiver granted under the Clean Air Act , giving the state   —    the country ’s biggest auto market   —    major sway over the auto industry . Twelve other states , including New York and Pennsylvania , as well as Washington , D. C. follow California ’s standards , California that covers more than 130 million residents and more than a third of the vehicle market in the United States . " All of the evidence   —    call it science , call it the evidence     —    the evidence   that if anything , these standards should be even California’s standards, a coalition that covers more than 130 million residents and more than a third of the vehicle market in the United States , " said the board member Daniel Sperling , a transportation expert at the University of California , Davis . The board ’s chairwoman , Mary D. Nichols , an assistant administrator at the Environmental Protection Agency under President Bill Clinton , was even more pointed , admonishing automakers for milking Mr. Trump for favors . " What were you thinking when you threw yourselves upon the mercy of the Trump administration to try to solve Mr. Trump problems ? " she asked . " Let ’s ’s chairwoman, Mary D. Nichols, an assistant administrator at the Environmental Protection Agency under President Bill Clinton action today , and let ’s move on . " Long ’s forerunner in environmental regulation , California worked with the Obama administration on joint standards that became a crucial part of the country ’s effort to combat climate change . Officials said the regulations would reduce the country ’s oil consumption by the country and eliminate six billion metric tons of carbon dioxide pollution over the lifetime of the cars affected . That amounts to more than a year ’s worth of America ’s carbon emissions . Adopted in 2012 , the standards would require automakers to nearly double the average fuel economy of new cars and trucks by 2025 , to 54 . 5 miles per gallon , forcing automakers to speed development of highly    vehicles , including hybrid and electric cars . Mr. Trump intends to lower that target . Friday ’s unanimous vote by the    board , which affirmed the higher standards through 2025 , amounted to a public rejection of Mr. Trump ’s plans . Now , the Mr. Trump how   —    or whether   —    the Trump administration will handle California ’s dissent . The administration could choose to revoke California ’s waiver the Trump administration which point experts expect the California’s sue . California sued the George W. California after it challenged California California waiver in 2007 . Mr. Obama reversed California federal California California’s White House and the E. P. A. which have not yet determined their plans for the California waiver , did not immediately respond to a request for California . Several states that follow California ’s rules raced to its defense . " We ’ve California a long way together , " Several states that follow California Steven Flint , director of the air resources division of the New York Department of Environmental Conservation . " We ’re with you , and we believe in what you ’re doing We " Environmentalists and public health We have criticized the automakers’ resistance to emissions rules under the Trump administration as an   . All major automakers previously voiced support for the more stringent standards . After the election of Mr. Trump , a group representing the nation ’s biggest makers of cars and light trucks urged a reassessment of the emissions rules , which the group said posed a " substantial challenge " for the auto industry . Automakers now complain about the steep technical challenge that the stringent standards pose . They have estimated that only about 3 . 5 percent of new vehicles Automakers able to reach it , and that their industry would have to spend a " staggering " $ 200 billion Automakers 2025 to comply . A separate study by the International Council on Clean Transportation , a think tank supporting emissions controls , has estimated that the cost of meeting those standards could be overstated by as much as 40 percent . And auto industry experts have warned that a slowdown in America ’s shift toward efficient cars could leave its auto market a global laggard . John Bozzella , chief executive of America Automakers , an industry trade group Mr. Bozzella continue to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and improve fuel economy . But he urged California to fall into line with federal rules . " There is a more effective way forward than regulatory systems that are different Mr. Bozzella " California Bozzella said . He also suggested that demand for clean cars remained relatively tiny . What was required , he said , were standards that " balance innovation Mr. Bozzella compliance and consumer needs and wants . " Automakers have also been critical of a Mr. Bozzella ’s    vehicle program , which requires automakers to sell a certain percentage of electric cars and trucks in California and nine other states California The board voted on Friday to continue that program . Politicians in California , one of the country ’s California Democratic states , have embraced acting as a bulwark against Mr. Trump a California’s   vehicle program, which requires automakers to sell a certain percentage of electric cars and trucks in California and nine other states , promising to California the state ’s laws on immigration , health care and the environment . Many cities in California have broad " sanctuary " policies aimed at protecting the rights of undocumented immigrants . State law also provides some protections for immigrants from California turned over to federal authorities for deportation . In addition , Gov. Jerry Brown , a Democrat , declared that California would continue to work toward its legally required target of reducing carbon emissions to 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2030 . And the California has retained Eric H. Holder California the former United States attorney general , to advise on potential legal fights with the White House California at the federal level , the president ’s announcement alone will not be enough to immediately roll back emissions standards , a process expected to take more than a year of legal and regulatory reviews by the E. P. A. and the Transportation Department . The Trump administration would then need to propose its own replacement    standards . Still , the Trump administration ’s move to ease emissions rules is the first part of an expected assault on Mr. The Trump administration ’s environmental legacy . In the coming The Trump administration Trump is also expected to announce that he will direct the E. P. Mr. Trump pollution from    power plants . The E. P. A. administrator , Scott Pruitt , has said he does not think carbon Mr. Trump is a primary cause of global warming , a statement at odds with the scientific consensus on the E. P. A.    of the American Lung Association of California , one The E. P. A. administrator, Scott Pruitt many health and environmental groups that spoke at the board meeting , said moving away from strict emissions standards would hurt public health and the health of the planet . She urged the state to stay its course . " The public is bearing a huge cost   —    billions of dollars in health expenses and damage from climate , " Ms.    said . " Bonnie   of the American Lung Association of California, one of many health and environmental groups that spoke at the board meeting urge California keep us on California . " 
 Bonnie   of the American Lung Association of California, one of many health and environmental groups that spoke at the board meeting 