’   ’ ’    Sen. Elizabeth Warren extended an olive branch to      Donald Trump on Thursday , offering to work with Sen. Elizabeth Warren on      issues where the    mogul rejected    traditional Republican Party orthodoxy . ’ ’    " When Sen. Elizabeth Warren goal is to increase the economic security of      families , then count me in , " Sen. Elizabeth Warren said in a speech    to the    on Thursday . ’ ’    Sen. Elizabeth Warren added : " I will push aside our differences , and I will work    with him to    that goal his goal offer to work as hard as I can    and to    in as many people as I can into this effort . If Trump    is ready to go on rebuilding American economic security for    millions of families , then I am ready . " ’ ’    Warren empathized with many Trump supporters , Trump    that    millions of voters backed Trump " despite Trump    hate " often on    display at campaign rallies , saying that they " voted millions of voters him out    Warren frustration and anger   —    and out of hope that he would make Warren real change in this country . " ’ ’    In her remarks on Warren , Warren also said Trump does not have    the    mandate House Speaker Paul Ryan and Sen.    Majority Leader Mitch McConnell want to push through Congress . ’ ’    Warren , the populist liberal firebrand , said the Republican Party    establishment was " rejected by their own primary ’ ’   Warren, the populist liberal firebrand , rejected    during the campaign , and rejected in Tuesday’ ’s election . " She    said Trump won because working families were simply " disgusted by    a Washington that works for the rich and powerful and leaves    everyone else behind . " ’ ’    Warren also said Trump wooed voters Trump addressing their fears    voters economic anxiety , including the high cost of college    tuition , the advantages large corporations have in crafting trade    deals , and the influence of lobbying in Washington . ’ ’    "   Trump spoke to these issues , " Warren said .    " Republican elites hated him for it Warren But he didn’’t care Warren " ’ ’    She added : Trump ’    Throughout the presidential campaign , Trump occasionally broke Trump with hardline    Republican orthodoxy on issues like    international trade    Social Security reform , though in the    past he called the Trump a " . " ’ ’   ’ "    The Massachusetts senator was n’t the first Democrat to offer to    work with    on issues . " ’    Sen. Bernie Sanders , whom Trump often praised Trump his more    Trump views    international trade deals , released a    statement on    pledging to work with the      on improving    financial stability . ’ ’    Despite her pledge to work with Trump , Warren Trump still highly    critical of    on certain Trump . She also promised her hold the      accountable for his    inflammatory    rhetoric ,    was often aimed at the Massachusetts senator    herself . ’ ’    Warren said the Trump, Warren ugly " campaign was Trump’ ’s responsibility ,    slamming his " toxic    of hatred and fear " and " statements that    undermined core    of our democracy , " including Trump’ ’s    pledge to deport millions of immigrants living in the US    illegally and plan to bar all Muslims from the US . the US       " Now Latino and    children are worried about what    will happen to their families . LGBT Latino are worried that    their marriages could be LGBT couples by a    Supreme    Court . Women are worried that access to desperately needed    medical services will disappear , " Warren said . " Millions of    people in this country are worried . And they are right to Millions of   people in this country    worried . " ’ ’    The populist senator pledged to oppose Trump if he deregulates    the The populist senator sector and follows through on campaign promises to    repeal Obamacare and    immigrants . ’ ’    " We will stand up to bigotry . No compromises ever on this one .    Bigotry in all its forms , " Warren said . " We will fight back    against attacks on Latinos , on    on women ,       Muslims , on immigrants , on disabled Americans   —    on everyone .    Whether Donald Trump sits in a glass tower or sits in the White    House , we will not give Donald Trump sits in a glass tower or sits in the White   House inch on this , not now , not ever . " ’ ’ ’ 
 