’   ’ "    Former FBI Director James Comey ’s blockbuster Thursday hearing    provided several bruising moments for President Donald    Trump . " ’    Comey , who President Donald   Trump fired in early May ,   " because of the Russia investigation , " amplifying calls    that President Donald   Trump was obstructing justice . President Donald   Trump said President Donald   Trump took Trump’ ’s    comments that President Donald   Trump " hoped "   to " let go " of the investigation into former    national security adviser Michael Flynn " as a direction . " ’ ’    Comey said Comey kept memos on Comey conversations with the president     —    a move Comey said Comey did not do with two prior presidents or other    top Justice Department officials   —     " was    honestly concerned that Comey might lie about the nature of our    meeting . " ’ ’    And Comey said that , in firing Comey from the top FBI post , Trump and    Trump administration tried to " defame " Trump by spreading " lies ,    plain and simple " after Trump departure , citing Trump’ ’s " shifting    explanations , "     included Trump going on TV and " saying that Trump actually fired me    because of the Russia investigation . " ’ "    Yet among all that , Republicans and supporters of the    president were still able to walk away from Thursday ’s hearing    with surprising optimism . Trump ’s allies suggested the testimony    did n’t provide a proverbial smoking gun , and Trump’s allies emerged with    options to try to shift the conversation . " "    Comey , for one , suggested that the Flynn investigation , if    dropped , likely would not alter the course of the FBI ’s larger    probe into Russia ’s election meddling and the Trump campaign ’s    role in it . the Trump campaign supporters also took grievance with Comey ’s    stunning admission that he Comey a good friend   —      —    to provide the press with information on his Comey memos because he Comey the investigation may have reached the    point at which a special counsel needed to be appointed . " ’    Perhaps looming largest , though , were   Attorney General Loretta Lynch and the investigation    into Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’ ’s use of a    private email server . Comey said Lynch Loretta Lynch him Comey refer to the    email probe as a " matter " instead of an " investigation , " which he Comey said " gave him Comey queasy feeling . " It echoed language the Clinton    campaign itself was using . ’ ’   ’ ’    " That was one of the bricks in the load that led me to conclude I    have to step away from the department if we’’re to close this case       , " Comey said , adding that consideration of appointing a       counsel to oversee the matter was a valid suggestion , but       that would have been unfair . He Comey that the facts of       this case    not warrant charges pressed against the former    secretary of state . ’ ’    Fox News host Eric Bolling said on " The Specialists "   —    making a    point that many in the Trump realm highlighted in similar ways   —      Comey’ ’s comments on Lynch proved the real " collusion . " ’ ’   ’ ’ testimony , Trump’ ’s personal attorney Marc    Kasowitz ripped the former FBI director for ordering the leaked    memos . He even personal attorney Marc   Kasowitz that Comey lied under oath ,    disputing    claim that Trump hinted that Comey should Comey the    Flynn investigation . Of course , he also personal attorney Marc   Kasowitz that Comey " Comey    confirmed publicly " what Trump has Trump : that " the    president . " ’ ’    Trump personally Trump not appear to believe Thursday was worth an      fight . Asked about the testimony , Trump " Trump    comment , only smiling through pursed lips , "     reporter . ’ ’    " There was no knockout punch , " Matt Mackowiak , a Republican    strategist and president of the Potomac Strategy Group , told    Business Insider in an email . " Trump will benefit Trump admission    that he was not Trump investigation and Comey’ ’s revelation that    he leaked his Trump memo Trump require a special counsel be appointed .    Trump will be harmed [ by ] inappropriate comments about Flynn made    on the Oval Office , which I do not believe rose to the level of    illegality .    ’ ’    " Both sides fight on , " he continued . Trump ’    Matthew Whitaker , a former US attorney , executive director of the    conservative Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust , and    2014 Republican primary candidate in Iowa’ ’s Senate race , told    Business Insider in an email that Comey’ ’s testimony made it    " clear " that " there is absolutely no criminal case to be made    against President Trump for obstruction of justice . " ’ ’    " Comey ’s testimony simply does not come close to proving an    intent to obstruct justice , let alone facts to support a criminal    case , " he said . Comey If there is one thing we learned from the    Hillary Clinton email server investigation , it is that the proof    needed for ’’ intent ’’ at Comey ’s FBI Comey’s set very high . " ’ "    Whitaker , like many on the right , found the biggest news to be    Comey ’s revelation Comey’s Lynch . " ’    " I found it very disturbing to learn that former Attorney General    Loretta Lynch directed then FBI Director Comey FBI publicly    mischaracterize the probe as just a simple ’’ matter , ’’ " he said . former Attorney General   Loretta Lynch " It    reaffirmed the probe belief that a special prosecutor should    have been assigned from day one to handle that case . " ’ ’    Jed Shugerman , a Fordham law professor , told Business Insider in    an email    Republicans ’’ claims in the aftermath of the Comey    hearing " are not good faith arguments " based on the testimony . He    called many of them " talking points " that were    " " beforehand " based on a strategy of isolating the    most favorable facts and events , and ignoring other events and    the big picture . " ’ ’    But , he said , He "   side does not have a slam dunk    today , either . " ’ ’    " No event in Comey’ ’s written testimony   —    and not even all of    those conversations together   —    constitutes a clear case of    obstruction , " he said . No event in Comey’’s written testimony  —   and not even all of   those conversations together  —    The obstruction case is based on the act    of firing Comey after all of these events and interventions .    Comey’ ’s testimony is very helpful for establishing intent to    obstruct and impede , but Trump himself already offered enough    evidence of    when he connected Comey’ Trump firing Comey’ his    purpose Trump the Russia investigation . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Shugerman added that Trump defenders ’’ argument Trump Comey    confirmed Trump was not under Trump   —    prior to Comey’ ’s    dismissal Comey’ —    " is meaningless . " ’ ’    " It’ ’s a bit like a thief telling the prosecutor he was not under the prosecutor investigation for murder , and it turns out he was not under It’ investigation for murder , " he said . " It’ ’s the confirmation It’ an    irrelevant fact , and it’ ’s noise to It’ like they are confirming    Trump’ ’s story . " ’ ’    For Shugerman , the biggest takeaway from the hearing was how    " serious " Republicans on the committee were in " asking tough , but    fair questions " and " respectfully giving Comey a full chance to    answer . "    ’    " By asking good questions , they gave Comey a chance to clarify    the context in very damaging ways , " Comey said , noting exchanges    that involved how    felt about Trump’ ’s asking if the FBI    director could "    go " of the Flynn investigation , Flynn about the    exchange Comey and Trump had involving Trump Deputy Director FBI    McCabe . ’ ’    " The big picture here is that the Republicans are investigating    seriously , not obstructing , " he said . "    of them were willing    the Republicans are investigating   seriously, not obstructing take on    role of attack dog , unlike the famous example of    Arlen Specter in the Clarence Thomas hearings , or Trey Gowdy in    the Benghazi hearings    or in the    Commission . A    PAC    sent a signal of a strategy to tear at [ Comey’ ’s ] credibility with    ads , but none of the Republican senators followed . That’ ’s very    significant . "    ’    Shugerman acknowledged that the Lynch Loretta Lynch is now " a real    subject to investigate further , " calling the pressuring of Comey    to use Comey    " instead of " investigation " a " huge mistake " and    " a partisan intrusion " on Lynch’ ’s part . ’ ’    It " probably changed history by making Comey Comey skeptical about    her Comey the Clintons ’’ role , " he Comey . " I inferred that it had an    effect on Comey Comey may have changed how he Comey the    investigation later . She Comey face very tough questions . And it    validates the    questions on the Clinton campaign on    their handling the email    the Clinton campaign ’ ’    " We will hear a lot the Clinton campaign this , " he Comey . " It does not rise    to obstruction , because it was    not the It substance of investigation , but Comey Comey right to be troubled .    Lynch and [ President ] Bill Clinton should be called Clinton    and explain their behavior .    ’s obstruction for the goose is    obstruction for the gander . " ’ ’    Andrew Wright , a law professor at Savannah Law School , told    Business Insider   Business Insider that Comey’ ’s direction to leak the Comey’ memos , while not criminal or " privileged , " as Trump’ ’s    lawyer argued , does appear " retaliatory " and " gives fodder    to Comey’ ’s critics . " ’ Comey’    But his main takeaways from the hearing did not involve some of the hearing popular talking points on the right . He focused on how    Comey Comey Trump and his Trump " liars , " saying that Comey his " thought so little of Comey    first briefing    reaction he started documenting everything " and pointing out that    Comey his Comey a first person account of an obstruction narrative . " ’ ’    He mentioned Comey’ ’s referencing of Trump " Comey’ " Trump his    before him , asking for his loyalty , suggesting he drop the his    investigation , his firing him for his related to the Russia    investigation . And his said " we can infer " special counsel Robert    his " is investigating Donald Trump for obstruction Trump justice " based on Comey’ ’s testimony . ’ ’    " Comey’ was not a tie or pure Rorschach test , it was a very damaging    day for President Trump , " It Trump " There were Trump kernels for    White House defenders that will help GOP talking points . Also ,    there were no ’’ the president ordered the Code Red Trump . But    the obstruction narrative was enhanced . " ’ " James Comey ’s testimony    few punches at . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 