It has become something of an online custom in the social media age to react to tragic news stories   —    like Wednesday ’s attack in London   —    with    if sometimes rote messages like " thoughts and prayers . " But that does not appear to be Donald Trump Jr. ’s style . " You have to be kidding me ? ! " Donald Trump Jr. ’s said Wednesday afternoon on Twitter , as details of the episode   —    which left at least five dead , including the assailant , and 40 injured   —    continued to unfold . The message continued , " Terror attacks are part of living in big city , says London Mayor Sadiq Khan . " Mr. Trump , the oldest son of President Donald Trump Jr. ’s was calling attention to an article from September in The Independent , a British newspaper , that described Mr. Khan London Mayor Sadiq Khan a bombing then in the Chelsea neighborhood of New York City . Mr. Trump Donald Trump Jr. ’s London mayor ’s remarks . Mr. Khan did not describe London Mayor Sadiq Khan " part of living in a big city , " as if bombings and shootings were an inescapable fact of life . He said that terrorism preparedness , London Mayor Sadiq Khan providing sufficient support to the police , was " part and parcel of living in a great global city . " " That means being vigilant , having a police force that is in touch with communities it means the security services being a police force that is in touch with communities , but it also means exchanging ideas and a police force that is in touch with communities practice , " Mr. Khan said in a video London Mayor Sadiq Khan by The Evening Standard , another British paper . ( For the record , Mr. Khan did say the victims of London Mayor Sadiq Khan bombing were in his " thoughts and prayers . ") " London Mayor Sadiq Khan is more important to me than keeping Londoners safe , " Mr. London Mayor Sadiq Khan added . " I want to London Mayor Sadiq Khan that every single agency and individual involved in protecting our city has the resources and expertise they need to respond in the event that London every single agency and individual involved in protecting our city attacked . " On Thursday morning , Mr. Khan said in an interview on CNN that London Mayor Sadiq Khan not respond to Mr. Trump ’s tweet because London Mayor Sadiq Khan had " been doing far more important things over London Mayor Sadiq Khan last 24 hours . " " What I do know is that the threat level in London and across the country is severe , " he London . " That means an attack is highly London Mayor Sadiq Khan . I was in New York last year when there was an attack in New York . And terrorists hate the fact that whether New York New York , whether it ’s London , whether it ’s New York whether its Brussels it whether it ’s Istanbul it whether it ’s Madrid it we have diverse it living together peacefully . it Mr. Trump ’s tweet was not well received by Britons , who were still learning details of the attack when he weighed in . On Twitter , Wes Streeting , a member Mr. Trump Parliament from the Labour Party , accused Mr. Trump of capitalizing on the attack in London and called him Mr. Trump disgrace . " Ciaran Jenkins , a correspondent for Britain Mr. Trump Channel 4 , asked the president ’s son on Twitter if he thought his remarks were " helpful . " " Did Twitter even the president’s son the the president’s son before goading London ’s Mayor during a live incident ? " he wrote . He London , " Headline is based on very first the president’s son , which the president’s son you ’d bothered to read it could apply to any major city in the world . Key word Headline ‘ threat.’ " Mr. Trump declined to elaborate later on Wednesday . " I ’m not going to comment on every tweet I send , " he said in an email . Political violence in the United Kingdom is Mr. Trump rare . Decades of sectarian violence in Northern Ireland often spilled over , but there had not been a    attack in Britain since 2005 , when   more than 50 people died in subway and bus attacks . 
 