Hillary for America Chief Strategist Joel Benenson said that the Clinton camp would n’t discuss debating fellow Democratic candidate Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) in Brooklyn before New York ’s April 19th primary until they saw " what kind of tone he sets " and " Let ’s see the tone of the campaign he wants to run before we get to any other questions "   on Monday ’s broadcast of CNN ’s " At This Hour . "   Benenson was asked by anchor Kate Bolduan if the Clinton campaign would agree to debate in Brooklyn before New York ’s primary . Benenson responded , " I think what was notable this weekend , was n’t so much that , but in my mind was the Washington Post story with Benenson own campaign talking about how his own campaign ’re poll testing more negative attacks on Clinton . They his own campaign talking about running harsher negatives now . We saw them his own campaign negative ads . " Bolduan responded , " Do n’t distract here Joel . Are you going to   —    why would n’t you debate ? " Benenson then said , " Because I think the real question is what kind of campaign is Senator Sanders going to run going forward . He Senator Sanders $ 4 million in , the weekend before March 15th , and he Senator Sanders all five states on March March 15th They spent about $ 4 million running negative ads . " Bolduan protested Bolduan this was irrelevant to the discussion of the debate . Benenson Benenson , " This is a man who said he Benenson never run a negative ad , ever . He Benenson now running them . They ’re They planning to run more . Let ’s see the tone of the campaign he Benenson to run before we get to any other questions . " Bolduan pointed to previous statements from the Clinton campaign that they were open to more debates , and asked why they would they agree to one in New York . Benenson stated that the campaign the Clinton campaign debates " up to a certain point . " And was now out campaigning . When asked what the risk of holding another debate was , Benenson answered , Benenson There ’s no risk . She ’s done Benenson well in the debates . The debates have the debates good But Senator Sanders does n’t get to decide when we debate , particularly when he ’s running a Senator Sanders negative campaign against . Let ’s see if he we back to Senator Sanders kind of tone he said he was Senator Sanders to Senator Sanders early on . If he does that , Senator Sanders we ’ll talk about debates . But we ’re not going we talk about it   —   . " Bolduan then cut in to ask , " So no chance of a New York debate ? " Benenson responded , " I did n’t say that . I said we ’re not going we talk about it . We ’re going to we what kind of tone he sets . If Senator Sanders campaign wants to Senator Sanders the kind of negative campaign , and run negative adslike they did , in his campaign Carolina , in Illinois , all over the country on March 15th , that ’s going to be disappointing to a lot of Democrats , who feel we have to start focusing on Republicans , whether it ’s Donald Trump , or Ted Cruz , and about our differences , so we win in November we That ’s what Democrats ought to be doing . That ’s what she ’s doing . " (   America Rising ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 