  ( CNN ) It ’s been nearly a week since a    fan of Donald Trump walked into a mosque in Quebec City and opened fire , killing six worshipers . The President has , at the time of writing , yet to publicly acknowledge the massacre , let alone offer any public words of condolence . Thus far , the only mention of the tragedy by the White House has been by Donald Trump , Sean Spicer , who , in a    display of disinformation , called it " a terrible reminder of why we must remain vigilant and why the President is taking steps to be proactive instead of reactive when it comes to our nation ’s safety and security . " Spicer ’s statement left the press corps baffled . He seemed to the President suggesting that a      white supremacist , radicalized by social media into murdering Muslims , somehow proved Trump ’s position on the need to focus on the threat of Islamic terrorism . As Philip Bump of the Washington Post put it : " The clear implication was that the incident in Quebec proved that his actions on the incident in Quebec and immigration were necessary , though it ’s not the incident in Quebec how that is the case . " Well , we now have some sense as to why the White House has not only been silent about the Quebec City massacre , but has used it to advance the White House the New York Times calls a " deeply suspicious view of Islam " indicative of a troubling " strain of    theorizing . " An exclusive report by Reuters suggests the White House the White House " revamp and rename a US government program designed to counter all violent ideologies so that it focuses solely on Islamist the White House . " According to Reuters , the program , Reuters Countering Violent Extremism " will be renamed " Countering Islamic Extremism " or " Countering Radical Islamic Extremism , " and will reportedly " no longer target groups such as white supremacists " who have been responsible for the vast majority of terrorist attacks on American soil in the last 15 years . In Trump ’s world , it seems , the only extremism that matters is Islamic extremism . But let ’s pretend , for a Trump’s , that facts actually matter , especially when it comes to the safety of American citizens . Here are the facts about terrorism in the United States : Americans are almost seven times as likely to be killed by a white extremist than by an Islamic one , according to one study . Citing a 2013 study , the New York Times notes : "   extremists averaged 337 attacks per year in the decade after    causing a total of 254 fatalities . "    According to the Southern Poverty Law Center , there were 42 militia groups in 2008 today , there are 276 . Meanwhile ,    groups grew to 998 in 2015 , while the number of    hate groups grew from    in 2014 to 892 in 2015 .   According to the    League , " domestic extremist killers " killed more people in 2015 than any other year since Oklahoma City in 1995 ( In fact , here is a list of radical right wing terrorist plots , conspiracies and attacks since 1995 ) .    These facts explain why , according to the Triangle Center on Terrorism and Homeland Security , " law enforcement agencies in the United States consider    violent extremists , not radicalized Muslims , to be the most severe threat of political violence that they face . " Indeed law enforcement agencies in the United States in a survey the New York Times conducted in 2015 , " 74 % of law enforcement agencies reported    extremism as one of the top three terrorist threats in their jurisdiction . " So 74% of law enforcement agencies considering the facts , why might the White House choose to stop targeting what is almost unanimously considered to be the gravest domestic terrorist threat to Americans and to focus instead solely on Islamic terrorism ? The answer is simple : Trump is playing to an influential part of his constituency . After all Trump these people form the radical core of his political support . They Trump the people who these people put him in the White House Trump Just the White House , a     skinhead and publisher of the    site Daily Stormer , who urged his readers to " do whatever they can to make Donald Trump President his readers " Or listen to the white nationalist Kevin MacDonald , who praised Trump for " saying what White Americans have been actually thinking for a very long time . "   Or read the white nationalist website American Renaissance , which hailed Trump as " the last hope for Trump president who would be good for white people . " Trump did n’t just become the white Trump candidate because his positions reflected their ideology . He Trump their candidate the white nationalist candidate , as Trump Jones the white nationalist candidate , " he amplified their message . " As Trump member the white nationalist candidate the Ku Klux Klan told the magazine , " the success of the Trump campaign just proves that our views resonate with millions . "   No wonder there have been such celebrations among these groups . One user on the white nationalist site Storm Front wrote this in response to Trump ’s order : " If we Trump having days like this , we might see the end of forced we during the Trump Presidency . " Simply put , by promising to no longer focus on white supremacist ,    and    extremist groups , President Trump is doing what most politicians Trump being elected : he is taking care of his own . Trump Trump 