Florida voters are deadlocked as Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton and Hillary Rodham Clinton GOP rival Donald J. Trump each have the support of 46 percent of the electorate , according to the Oct. 4 Breitbart News    Marketing poll of 821 registered voters in the Sunshine State . [ Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell told Breitbart News the election is still very much in flux in 2016 .   " The race between Clinton and Trump is very unstable , " he Clinton . Caddell Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell to better measure the mood of the voters , the presidential preference was asked twice . The first time was in the middle of the survey after a series of general political questions mostly about favorability . The second was later in the the survey asking more    questions before asking demographic questions at the end . In the first asking , Clinton led Trump with 47 percent to his 45 Clinton , Caddell said . " Then , after finishing the survey the survey number of attitudinal questions , the respondents were asked again , giving us the 46 the respondents percent tie , " he said . Caddell Clearly , when we get into the respondents of these policy issues , such as the economy , trade , and increasingly bringing in more refugees —   when people focus on these issues , these policy issues themselves agreeing people Trump people not agreeing with Clinton , " he said . Caddell It is so important to remember , the voters , the people are not settled like the pundits or the candidates are settled , " Caddell said . " Certainly , it is true in Florida . " " Our poll confirms that Florida is the still Florida of the tightest races between Clinton and Trump , Clinton said Trump Kaplan , the managing partner of Gravis Marketing , the    polling company that conducted the poll . The poll carries a the poll 4 percent margin of error with a 95 percent level of confidence . That margin of error means that even when looking at the survey ’s first asking on the presidential preference question , it ’s still a statistical the poll . " With the race within the margin of error , it could still break one the poll or the other , " Kaplan said . " Florida was the closest finish in 2012 and it could go that way in 2016 . " Florida has 29 votes in Florida Electoral College , critical to either Clinton ’s or Trump ’s path to the White House . In the 2012 campaign , President Barack Obama beat his GOP rival Mitt Romney President Barack Obama less than 74 , 305 votes with a finish of 50 percent to Romney ’s 49 percent . In this    poll , Libertarian Gary Johnson has the support of two percent of the electorate and Green Party nominee Dr. Jill Stein has one percent . Clinton leads with 55 percent of women voters to Trump ’s 39 percent . Trump leads with 53 percent Trump’s 39 percent male voters to Clinton ’s 38 percent . Clinton their own parties , both male voters consolidated support . male voters percent of Democrats support Clinton , while only seven Clinton of Republicans back her . Trump has the Clinton of Trump’s 39 percent percent of Republicans with 10 percent of Democrats . A source familiar with the Republican National Committee ’s      effort in Florida told Breitbart News the party is working     with the Trump campaign . The source said the party A source familiar with the Republican National Committee’s     effort in Florida GOTV organization the party based on the party learned from 2012 and has devoted resources to a " permanent ground game " in key battleground states , such at Florida . " Republicans in Florida Florida requested more than 335 Florida 000 absentee ballots than they did in 2012 , " the Republicans in Florida said . " That A source familiar with the Republican National Committee’s     effort in Florida 84 , 435 advantage over what the Democrats have requested . " The Florida Senate race is also very close . Former presidential candidate Republican Sen. Marco Rubio holds a small lead just outside the margin of error over his Democratic challenger Rep. Patrick Murphy . Rubio Murphy electorate Former presidential candidate Republican Sen. Marco Rubio while Murphy is at 40 percent . Rubio ’s tight lead should be considered in Former presidential candidate Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of the 16 percent of respondents who said they were unsure . Another clue to how the electorate will break in November is the favorability opinions .    percent have a strongly unfavorable opinion of the congressman with 13 percent have a strongly favorable opinion . With Rubio , meanwhile , 44 percent of the electorate Former presidential candidate Republican Sen. Marco Rubio a strongly unfavorable opinion of him compared to 19 percent with the electorate favorable Former presidential candidate Republican Sen. Marco Rubio . Caddell said Rubio ’s high unfavorables combined with the 16 percent Former presidential candidate Republican Sen. Marco Rubio can not be ignored . " I do n’t know about the individual dynamics of that race , but it is fascinating to me , " he said . " Rubio ’s lead is there Former presidential candidate Republican Sen. Marco Rubio but that race Former presidential candidate Republican Sen. Marco Rubio not over despite what everyone Rubio’s . " The poll was conducted that race with random automated phone calls , and results were weighted to match a proprietary turnout model . Current Florida Polling by Breitbart News on Scribd , 
 