New York ( CNN ) Donald Trump is not releasing Donald Trump tax returns .   At least not yet . And if some of Donald Trump advisers have some of his advisers way , not ever . Even as Donald Trump running mate , Mike Pence , prepares Donald Trump own much less interesting tax returns , and even as Donald Trump opponent Hillary Clinton and all of Hillary Clinton supporters rail on the issue     and what Trump might be hiding     Trump has stood firm . The stated reason is an ongoing " routine audit . "   " Just so you understand I ’m under audit . A routine audit . And when the audits complete I ’ll release my return , " Trump reiterated Tuesday on Fox News . But Democrats point to a series of theories behind Trump ’s rationale to break with decades of major party nominee tradition     and conversations with tax experts and officials indicate some , if not all , may have merit .   First and foremost is the idea that the audit precludes Trump from releasing Trump returns . This , according to tax lawyers , is not correct . Now , Trump has made clear that Trump ’s operating under the advice of Trump lawyers , who recommended Trump not release his returns . Trump view is backed up by his Trump manager Kellyanne Conway , who , in an earlier stage of the election , when she Trump supporting Sen. Ted Cruz , had called for Trump Trump release his Trump . " I ’ve learned since being on the inside that this audit is a serious matter and that he Trump said that when the audit this audit , he Trump release his Trump returns , " Conway Trump last month on ABC News . Trump Trump own tax counsel , in a letter released in March , said the review of Trump ’s taxes encompasses the " 2009 year and forward . " A previous review of Trump Trump returns Trump’s through 2008 is complete , according to the letter , ostensibly a letter released in March Trump release those returns at any point should he Trump . But his Trump continues to maintain that as long as an audit is ongoing , there will be no release . Trump Trump appeared unconcerned about the whole thing . " Nobody cares about it except some of the folks in the media . Nobody cares about it , " Trump Trump in his Trump News interview . Clinton ’s campaign , for his campaign has continued to zero his campaign on the tax issue     with Clinton and    Tim Kaine hitting Trump Clinton the trail . Her campaign is also using the issue Tim Kaine digital ads and tweets the tax issue    with Clinton a " Donald Ducks " protest was arranged by Democrats in front of Trump Tower in New York . The reason , according to Democrats familiar with the strategy , is n’t exactly a state secret : 64 % of Americans surveyed think Trump should release his taxes , according to a Washington    News Trump . That includes 41 % of registered Republicans .   Those numbers appear to be having an affect even among Trump supporters . Rep. Mark Sanford , a South Trump Republican , took to the opinion pages of the New York Times to call on Trump to release his returns . " Equipping voters Trump more , Trump less , information as they pick those who run for the highest offices Rep. Mark Sanford, a South Carolina Republican our land seems , to me , a reasonable requirement for anyone aspiring to those positions , " Sanford wrote . He went so far as to say his future Sanford for the GOP nominee may depend Sanford the eventual release of his returns . Trump would be the first nominee the GOP nominee to release his returns in the GOP nominee decades . There ’s also Trump the attacks on the issue serving as a potent political cudgel ( see : Romney , Mitt ) . But Trump and his team have made clear they are n’t in a Trump to Trump into line with that Trump and his team .   " We just do n’t see much upside , " one Trump adviser Trump and his team CNN . Here are the reasons why :    Trump ’s tax Trump and his team is likely very low     if not zero Trump Just because Trump has n’t released his returns does n’t mean there ’s no Trump into his taxes Trump As a developer and a casino magnate , submitting Trump tax returns     or the topline numbers from them     is Trump Trump has had to do quite often throughout a developer and a casino magnate course of his Trump . The picture it paints is one that may be Trump to Trump ’s reluctance to release his returns . A CNN review of Trump , most obtained through Trump records requests , show at least two years in the 1970s when Trump paid $ 0 in federal income tax .   At least one Trump in the next decade Trump paid nothing at all in income tax , according to New York Trump tax documents obtained by CNN . An important point is this : as a real estate developer CNN Trump has had , over the course of his career , access to Trump tax breaks and loopholes than any other Trump . From depreciation , to deductions and credits , and deferrals on sales , and    exchanges , Trump has had ample opportunity to use the tax code to his advantage Trump and he publicly acknowledges he has done just that . Trump I mean , Trump pay as Trump as possible . I use every single thing in the book , " Trump told supporters in Iowa in January . Trump ’s charitable giving will Trump laid bare     if it exists at Trump , There ’s also the issue of Trump ’s charitable giving . While Trump has repeatedly claimed charitable largesse , Trump in depth review by the Trump Post has raised questions as to whether Trump was as willing to give as he claims     or if he Trump anything at all . The details Trump what Trump has given Trump would be shown in his tax returns .   Trump ’s business relationships are voluminous     and Trump problematic , A glance Trump ’s rather lengthy financial disclosure form , filed in May with the Federal Trump Commission , makes clear : Trump ’s business empire has a long , global and rather complicated reach . Trump ’s tax counsel put it in their March letter : Trump " holds interests Trump sole or principal owner in approximately Trump’s tax counsel separate entities . Trump entities , Trump ’s lawyers said , " engage in hundreds of transactions , deals and approximately 500 separate entities every Trump " This , more than anything else , is the area that piques the interest of Democrats looking to attack Trump . The reason , according to one adviser to the Clinton campaign , is both the ability Trump play on the fear of the unknown , and tie it to the known problems Trump has had in his business career .   As Clinton told reporters on Tuesday , " The Trump goes on and Trump , the scams , the frauds Clinton the questionable relationships with business activities that has stiffed workers , refused to pay small business . Clearly his tax returns tell a story that the American people deserve and need to know . " Trump ’s annual income     not as illuminating as one might think , The obsession over Trump ’s Trump , both on his part and the part of outside observers , is something that Trump get a definitive answer through Trump ’s tax returns . Trump ’s statement , along with those financial disclosure forms , that his " Trump is in excess of Trump 10 billion " would n’t be confirmed or proven false by Trump ’s annual returns . But the returns would provide a clearer window into Trump ’s individual finances     most Trump adjusted gross income     and shed Trump’s annual returns light on his finances than Trump form , which requires candidates only to list Trump’s annual returns values of the holdings in broad ranges . Trump , Trump’s annual returns his part , has said repeatedly he has no problem releasing his returns     and downplays their potential political Trump . " Trump do n’t know when that Trump going to be , Trump when the audit is complete , I ’ll release my returns . I have no problem with it , " Trump said . " It does n’t matter . " 
 Trump his returns     the audit 