’   ’ ’    Like many Americans , entrepreneur and software developer Krishna    Kaliannan was taken aback by the 2016 election . ’ ’    " I was very shocked when Trump won , " Kaliannan said . ’ ’    In the    to Election Day , Kaliannan said Kaliannan was fairly    certain Hillary Clinton would win the White House , and the    variety of news Kaliannan was getting from Kaliannan Facebook News Feed seemed    to support that . ’ ’    " I was almost completely left in the dark as far as how a very    large number of Americans felt about Donald Trump and what    direction they wanted to take the country in , " Kaliannan said . ’ "    Noting the discrepancy between what Kaliannan thought was happening and    what was actually happening , Kaliannan developed   a    Google Chrome extension that inserts news stories into a user ’s    Facebook News Feed . a   Google Chrome extension that inserts news stories into a user’s   Facebook News Feed is designed to expose users to    political views that are different from their users . " "    Once installed , Escape Your Bubble asks users to identify whether    they users to learn about Republicans or Democrats and inserts       into their Republicans or Democrats that align with the political leanings    they users to be exposed to . The extension then adds one clearly    marked story that falls outside of the user ’s established    political viewpoint every time a user visits the social network . " ’    Facebook has recently been criticized for its Facebook in    —    forms of disinformation and propaganda    that some have speculated may have affected the election . ’ ’    Last month a   showed that several fake news stories on    Facebook Facebook stories from legitimate news    sources in the days leading up to the election the election ’    As Facebook has become an    source of news for some    Americans , questions have risen about how the social network will    develop stronger editorial standards . ’ "    In its attempt to curate news , Kaliannan acknowledges that Escape    Your Bubble may be wading into the same issues plaguing Facebook .    He says that    why he is taking    cautious approach to how much    the extension    what users read , ostensibly by inserting    only one    story at a time . " ’   ’ ’    Currently , Kaliannan and a Kaliannan of about 12 volunteers choose    news stories and opinion pieces from a variety of major news    outlets that are then shown to users to help balance out their    regular users of news . The selection process is informal , meaning    Kaliannan and his volunteers use their own judgment Kaliannan and his volunteers    verifying and selecting reading material . ’ ’    For instance , a user with liberal political leanings can be shown    an article    the headline   from The Pew Research Center , a    nonpartisan think tank , that they may not the headline  from The Pew Research Center, a   nonpartisan think tank otherwise seen on    their Facebook    the headline  from The Pew Research Center, a   nonpartisan think tank ’ ’    Kaliannan asserted that it’ ’s " dangerous to show people things    they disagree with people " suggesting that doing so could cause some    people to    their heels in some   people reject the information . ’ ’    There is some evidence that appears to support this .   note that users who are exposed to media that    contradicts their political views may question its credibility ,    thus reinforcing    own opinion their what is known as the    " backfire effect . " ’ ’    According to Kaliannan , Facebook should be held accountable for    how it    up Facebook to users . But there is also an onus on    users to    mindful about news sources they choose to Facebook . ’ ’    " This is not a problem that can be solved entirely by software , "    Kaliannan said Kaliannan Kaliannan need to understand and they need to be People taught that    out a diverse set of opinions is a    constructive way to broaden your world view . " ’ 
 