Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump promised a new era guided by one principle     " only America first "     moments after being sworn in as the nation ’s 45th    .   But Friday ’s transfer of power from President Barack Obama ’s Democratic administration to President Donald Trump nationalist Republican presidency featured many more symbolic moments from the former and new presidents and their families . Here are memorable moments from Inauguration Day : Trump takes the oath of office , At noon Friday Friday’s Trump Trump his Trump hand on two Bibles     one used by Abraham Lincoln in 1861 and one a gift from his Trump when Trump Trump Sunday School in 1955     and pledged to preserve , protect and defend the Constitution . With that , the nation had its the nation President .   And then the rain came .   Trump Trump to the podium in front of a massive crowd of supporters     though smaller than the throngs that attended President Barack Obama ’s inauguration in 2009     to deliver his Trump address as raindrops splattered onto his Trump .   Rev. Franklin Graham said after Trump Trump that " in the Bible , rain is a sign of God ’s blessing . "   ’The American carnage stops right here’ Trump Trump the podium and delivered 16 minutes and 30 seconds of pure economic nationalism     a revival of his campaign rhetoric Trump a rejection of much of Washington ’s hopes he might change Trump in office .    " This American carnage American carnage and stops right now , " Trump said with Trump looking on . " We assembled here today are issuing a new decree to be heard in every city , and in every foreign capital and in every hall of power , " Trump said . Trump From this day forward , a new vision will govern our land . From this day forward , it this day forward be only , ’America first ! America first ! ’ " " Every decision on trade , on taxes , on immigration , on foreign affairs , will be made to benefit American workers and American families , " Trump said . The philosophies Trump espoused were n’t just a rejection Trump the former presidents     particularly Bill Clinton , George W. Bush and Barack Obama     sharing the stage with Trump . They threaten the conservative principles Trump are George W. Bush and Barack Obama     bedrock of the Republican Party , too .   An hour later , Trump moved to the Capitol for a Trump with Congress     the very same political class had just so sternly denounced . The other transfer of power , The last time a new American president was inaugurated , Twitter was n’t the media powerhouse it is now .   So Trump ’s inauguration marked the first time Trump @POTUS account had to be handed off .   At noon , Obama ’s tweets were all migrated to a new , archived account     @POTUS44     and Trump took over the @POTUS account , which Trump suddenly empty .   For a few minutes , a president known for communicating directly with his supporters via Twitter had control of a Trump account displaying an odd message for the prolific tweeter Trump : " @POTUS has n’t tweeted yet Trump "   Hillary Clinton ’s nightmare , It was a    for the ages : Hillary Clinton’s nightmare the same moment Hillary and Bill Clinton descended the steps of the Capitol Hillary Clinton making their way to their seats in the audience , Hillary and Bill Clinton and Trump Hillary and Bill Clinton the White House to ride to inauguration together . The two men who had denied former Secretary of State Clinton the presidency would arrive in the same car . Clinton wore white     a color with symbolism in Hillary Clinton women ’s suffrage movement and her preference for major events , including her final Hillary Clinton with Trump and her speech accepting Hillary Clinton Democratic nomination in Trump . Hillary Clinton Before Trump ’s inauguration , Clinton ’s official account posted Trump about her Hillary Clinton " I ’m here today to honor Hillary Clinton democracy   its enduring values . I will never stop believing in our our democracy     its future . "   She was composed throughout the ceremony our country   but Friday was Hillary Clinton day she had warned supporters about .   " Imagine that Hillary Clinton January 20 , 2017 , it is Donald Trump standing in front of our Capitol and taking the oath of office , " Clinton had said in a dire warning to supporters in Las Vegas , just three days from the election . " Imagine with me what it would be like to have Donald Trump sitting Clinton the Oval Office come next January . Donald Trump But later , Trump honors Clinton , While Trump made no mention of Hillary Clinton Donald Trump his Clinton address he Donald Trump single her out during Clinton luncheon Donald Trump , saying Donald Trump was honored the Clinton were in attendance .    " I Donald Trump like you to stand up , " Trump said to Hillary Clinton . The entire room stood , turned Donald Trump the Clintons and Clinton as Trump gave the rival he once promised to the Clintons    and Donald Trump   .   Donald Trump And honestly , there ’s nothing more I can say , because I have a lot of respect for those two people , " Trump said of the Clintons .   Trump kept his remarks short Donald Trump thanking congressional leaders for a the Clintons his Donald Trump that was presented and nodding toward bipartisan cooperation . " Donald Trump ’re all dealing together , we all want the same thing , we ’re all good people , " Trump said We Whether you ’re a Republican or We , Donald Trump does n’t make any difference . " The Trumps and Obamas meet , Barack and Michelle Obama were waiting at the White House steps to greet Donald and Melania Trump Friday morning after the Trumps attended church across from Lafayette Square .   The moment was of symbolic importance , showing the willful and peaceful transfer of power .   But it also showed just how awkward it can be to greet new acquaintances with the entire world The moment .   As Melania Trump The moment extended her hand for a shake , Michelle Obama leaned in , saying , " I ’m a Melania Trump "     prompting Barack Obama to joke about the " protocol " for such occasions .   The Trumps also brought a large , flat gift box from Tiffany and Co.     which the outgoing President had to stash in the White House before the four could pose for a round of photos on the White House steps .   Michelle Obama ’s sadness , The Obamas and Trumps were together the White House ’s inaugural address Michelle Obama the Obamas prepared to depart via helicopter The Trumps Joint Base Andrews for a family vacation in Palm Springs , California .   Walking down the back steps of the Capitol , Trump leaned into Obama and uttered something     far enough away that microphones did n’t pick it up     that Trump Obama to laugh .   The former and new presidents talked and joked as the something     and Bidens said their Obama .   But the look on Michelle Obama ’s face was much different     and seemed to reflect The former and new presidents .   It ’s impossible to know Obama in her mind . But it was , after all , Michelle Obama who delivered the strongest rebukes of Trump on the Obama trail for Clinton . And Trump ’s inaugural address Obama a complete repudiation of Obama ’s presidency and political vision . As the    Banner played Trump Joint Base Andrews , Barack and Michelle Obama stood Obama singing , with tears in their eyes     their last public moment on the last day of the Obama . Trump the pen dispenser   Trump sat Barack and Michelle Obama at Capitol Barack and Michelle Obama to take his first official actions as President : Obama a waiver allowing former Gen. James Mattis to become secretary of defense a proclamation of Trump national day of patriotism and nominations for his Cabinet .   Huddled around him were his family and the    members of Congress     and Trump immediately began schmoozing , Trump out the pens he used Trump sign Trump nominations .   " I got Price , " said House Minority leader Nancy Pelosi , referring to Trump ’s nominee for Health and Human Services secretary .   " You want Elaine ’s ? " Trump asked Pelosi . That Trump Chao , Trump ’s transportation Donald Trump pick , who is also the wife of Donald Trump Leader Mitch McConnell     House Minority leader Nancy Pelosi was standing nearby . " Here ’s one I think Nancy would like . .. Scott Pruitt , " Trump joked . Pruitt , Trump ’s EPA Trump , is opposed by liberals .   As the lawmakers laughed , Trump ’s family Trump Trump . Son Scott Pruitt," , stood over Trump ’s shoulder , playing     with older    Ivanka Trump ’s Trump Trump Donald Trump parade , As the inaugural parade wound its way toward the White House , Donald Trump , wife Melania and son Barron all exited the presidential limousine and walked , waving Donald Trump Donald and Melania Trump Trump International Hotel     his the inaugural parade ’s new location Donald Trump the parade route . He got back into the limousine Donald Trump half a block before reaching it .   Later Donald Trump Trump got back out of the limo in front of the Treasury Department to wave to Donald Trump again .   Protesters downtown , Just blocks from Trump ’s the presidential limousine , protesters were clashing with police . half a block A limo was on Donald Trump . Windows to a Starbucks and several other businesses had been smashed . Police were using pepper spray to control protesters who were destroying property . the inaugural parade police officers suffered minor injuries in clashes with the protesters , and 95 had been arrested by   . 
 