Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump is outpolling all other Republican candidates in New Hampshire except for Jeb Bush , according to a new survey released Tuesday , though if you ask the real estate mogul himself , Donald Trump thinks Donald Trump should be in first .   In a poll fielded immediately after their presidential announcements last week , Jeb Bush earned 14 % of the vote in the crowded GOP field , followed by Donald Trump with 11 % . Nearly a third of respondents said Nearly a third of respondents were undecided . The results from Suffolk University are the clearest indication yet that Donald Trump , the billionaire with a penchant for bombastic rhetoric and unorthodox claims , is catching on with Republican voters early on in the cycle .   Donald Trump referenced the poll Tuesday night while speaking to the Maryland GOP , saying Donald Trump ca n’t believe Donald Trump ’s behind Bush . " I ’m not thrilled , cause how could Bush be in first place ? " Donald Trump said . " This guy ca n’t negotiate This guy way out of a paper bag ! " Pollsters tend to caution that surveys more than six months before any votes are cast may simply be registering each contender ’s name recognition     of which Donald Trump has plenty . Donald Trump also joins a crowded GOP field in which none of the candidates   —    including Bush   —    have been able to break out of the pack . In the 2012 cycle , several candidates with a penchant for making headlines with making headlines with their controversial claims    such as businessman Herman Cain and former Rep. Michele Bachmann and even Trump himself ( controversial claims     such as businessman Herman Cain and former Rep. Michele Bachmann and even Trump himself ( though not an official candidate )     also garnered top spots in early polls only to crash to Earth as the campaign dragged on . Trump , as well , is a deeply polarizing figure in the Granite State     49 % of respondents said 49% of respondents had an unfavorable opinion of Trump , while only 37 % viewed Trump positively . Despite New Hampshire Republicans’ negative impressions of Trump few want to see him Trump off the debate stage in August . The poll found 60 % thought Trump Trump make the cut for the debates , more than wanted to see George Pataki , John Kasich , Bobby Jindal or Lindsey Graham on the stage . Overall , 35 % said Trump Trump be left out of the the debates " Trump ’s controversial candidacy is being constructed in a way that gives him Trump and exposure in the short term but may also limit his Trump in the long run , like a glass ceiling , " David Paleologos , who directed the poll , said in a statement . New Hampshire , with its      New Hampshire is a key battleground for 2016 hopefuls . Trump has made five visits to the Granite State this year , according to p2016 , a website that tracks candidate visits to the early states . Trailing Bush and Trump were Wisconsin Trump Scott Walker at 8 % Florida Sen. Marco Rubio at 7 % retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson at 6 % and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie at 5 % . No other candidates earned more than 5 % in the Suffolk survey . When asked for their second choice No other candidates , 14 % of likely GOP voters named Bush , 13 % selected Rubio , 10 % picked Walker , 7 % said Trump and 6 % said businesswoman Carly Fiorina . Suffolk surveyed 500 Suffolk New Hampshire Republican voters between June 18 and June 22 , yielding a margin of error of plus or minus 4 . 4 percentage points . 
 