  ( CNN ) Moderate Republicans in the House are suddenly feeling a whole lot of heat . After weeks of hushed negotiations , GOP lawmakers this week touted a new amendment to a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare that was yanked from the House floor last month . a new amendment to a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare that was yanked from the House floor last month won over the conservative House Freedom Caucus , which officially announced Wednesday that it a new amendment to a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare that was yanked from the House floor last month support the revised measure . What this means is that the future of GOP GOP to dismantle Obamacare now overwhelmingly rests with moderate Republicans . It ’s an this choice for these lawmakers : Vote for an unpopular bill that experts say would hurt people with    conditions , or risk getting blamed for refusing to help their party repeal people , not to mention buck their own president people Following a    meeting of the Tuesday Group on Wednesday , moderate lawmakers signaled that they were hardly moderate lawmakers to throw their support behind moderate lawmakers new proposal .    RELATED : Freedom Caucus backs health care proposal but obstacles remain , GOP Rep. Charlie Dent , a leader of the group , the Tuesday Group to the legislation . Others like Rep. Frank LoBiondo also said they would not get Others like Rep. Frank LoBiondo the bill , citing the legislation by constituents back home . Lawmakers returned to Washington this week after a    Easter recess . " Closely reviewing changes , but see none of Medicaid concerns addressed . VERY REAL for # SouthJersey , " LoBiondo tweeted Wednesday . One Rep. Frank LoBiondo Republican who spoke anonymously put it this way to CNN : " I spent the whole work period hearing from people pissed about    conditions . This is n’t helpful . " The development has also exacerbated already raw tensions between the conservative and moderates wings of the House . " ( It ’s ) an exercise in blame shifting , " Dent told reporters . There is also griping about the decision by Rep. Tom MacArthur   —    a New Jersey moderate Republican     to negotiate the amendment with Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows . Before the Easter break , Dent said that members of Dent Tuesday Group had asked leaders of the group not to negotiate the Tuesday Group Meadows . Asked if he was upset with MacArthur or why MacArthur had struck a deal with MacArthur , Dent told reporters that Meadows Dent should be directed to MacArthur . MacArthur defended his position MacArthur reporters MacArthur , MacArthur the amendment was aimed at shrinking the gap between the two factions of the House GOP .   " The latest proposal I made was just trying to bridge this divide between people that are holding two important views : people that are saying ’we’re not going to fix health care unless we bring the cost down , which means we have to give the states we flexibility,’ " he said . " And , ’we’re that are saying ’we ca n’t pull the rug out from under people that are vulnerable.’ And , I agree with both of those . They are both right positions , both of those my both of those was just meant to bridge the divide between those two . " He added , " I think ’we’re who is wavering feels some pressure because the vast majority of our conference wants to pass this bill . " Moderates have serious grievances about the House GOP bill . They this bill the protections for people Moderates    conditions     a major reason that the MacArthur amendment is not sitting well with a significant swath of the House GOP conference . Some members are also troubled that GOP House bill would severely cut back funding for this bill provides health coverage for many opioid addicts in their districts . Several GOP governors in states that expanded Medicaid Some members    adults were GOP representatives to revise these provisions Medicaid the House bill . Another concern is the estimate that millions this bill lose their health care coverage as a result of the bill . The Congressional millions of people Office projected that 24 million fewer people this bill covered under an early version of the Republican bill , which did not include later changes to insurance reforms .   Moderates are also cognizant that many of their older constituents would not be happy with the bill , which allows insurers Moderates charge higher premiums to those in their 50s and early 60s . The AARP has promised to inform all its Moderates million members how lawmakers voted on the GOP health care bill . The AARP concerns are shared by the American public . Only 17 % of voters approved of the House bill , according to a Quinnipiac poll released last month . A the GOP health care bill poll found that only 36 % of American voters say Republicans in Congress should try Quinnipiac to repeal and replace Obamacare , while 60 % say the Republicans should " move on . " Voters disapprove by a 65 % to 29 % margin of the way Trump is handling health care . 
 