Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s odyssey through Europe and the Middle East fulfilled a more narrow political focus for the reeling White House : It was a    distraction from the dominant narrative of a presidency under siege . Now , President Donald Trump needs to find another way to change the subject , because the questions about Russia that have long clouded President Donald Trump administration have deepened in the time President Donald Trump has spent away . With President Donald Trump White House and campaign being investigated by a special counsel over alleged collusion with Russia Russia and the saga now reaching into President Donald Trump family circle after reports that     Jared Kushner tried to set up a secret channel with the Kremlin , it is even more imperative for the President to shore up his the President standing . Some polls have Trump ’s approval rating below 40 % . Keeping his the President solid could stop moderate Republicans from seeking distance from his the Trump administration Trump Trump’s instinct will be to go on    attack . In fact , he the President already done so in a Twitter storm after returning from Europe . But scorching the earth in Washington tends to burn his the President House as much as his the President .   Here are some ways the Trump administration could try to change the subject : The palace purge   White House communications White House Dubke is leaving , he said Tuesday . White House communications director Mike Dubke submitted his resignation White House communications director Mike Dubke May White House communications director Mike Dubke but stayed on until the end of Trump ’s foreign trip .   West Wing staffers , like sports team coaches , are hired to one day be fired . A purge of underperforming , or unlucky , White House staffers can White House . Bill Clinton ’s chaotic presidency started to get its act together when he Bill Clinton’s chaotic presidency Leon Panetta , Bill Clinton’s Washington sage , as chief of staff . George W. Bush needed a scalp after the GOP was humiliated in his second midterm election , George W. Bush Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld got the push .   No one knows which Trump acolyte may be dismissed     Dubke was an outsider not involved in the campaign . At one time or the other , all the big players     Stephen Bannon , Reince Priebus , Sean Spicer , even Jared Kushner     have had their ups and downs . all the big players    Stephen Bannon, Reince Priebus, Sean Spicer, even Jared Kushner     But Trump is n’t a traditional Trump . His management style relies on Trump of chaos . A    structure of authority might create even more conflict . Could a new West Wing supremo control Trump any more than anyone Trump has ? Would anyone even want to try ? WWBC do ? ( What would Bill Clinton do ? ) When Clinton was consumed by the Bill Clinton drama that erupted after his relationship with intern Monica Bill Clinton , he would constantly stress he Bill Clinton working hard for Bill Clinton American people . During the ordeal , he preserved his political standing Bill Clinton that Bill Clinton the time the Senate sat in judgment , many Americans did n’t think he should lose his job Bill Clinton Trump has Bill Clinton learned the art of Clintonian compartmentalizing . Quite the reverse . He ca n’t stop talking Trump the Russia saga . He was barely back on Trump soil for half a day when he launched a Twitter broadside Trump the media . So as the White House sets up a war room to wage a fight for the Trump presidency as the Russia Trump deepens , it Russia be as important to change the President ’s conduct as it is to discredit the campaign against him . It might not Trump a bad idea for Trump to spend more time Trump the stagecraft of the presidency . On Monday the Trump presidency mingled with bereaved relatives in Section 60 of Arlington Cemetery , the spot that holds the graves of many of the dead of the Iraq and Afghan wars . It appeared to be the kind of heartfelt gesture many Americans expect of their president .   Apart from the President blips , the President ’s conduct for much of his    trip to Europe and the the President East was largely conventional . Not everyone who voted against Trump wanted him to fail     at least to the President with     a factor the President clearly has n’t processed . the President it ’s 2016 , Trump , even more Party most politicians , Trump the roar of the crowd .   Isolated among the portraits and the silence of the White House , Trump must sometimes yearn for the life he Trump loved during the 2016 campaign . Trump has already returned to the trail quicker Trump most presidents : He did a    victory lap through states Trump helped pave his route to the White House . He Trump been expected the White House one Trump his winning battlegrounds in Iowa on Thursday , Trump the event was canceled with no explanation from his political team . But it ’s a Trump bet it wo n’t be long the event Trump is out with the event " Make America Great " crowd again Trump Boosting the President ’s spirits may just make life around the White House easier for political aides . But it probably wo n’t do much to improve Trump ’s political situation . That ’s because when he Trump to the converted he alienates other Trump . And so far Trump ’s done little in his presidency to Trump out beyond his base Trump hence his toxic polling performance Trump About those wins Trump .. By now , America was supposed to be winning so much it would be sick of winning . But the truth is the President has had few victories that stand alone     that do n’t require a White House spin effort to appear significant . Right now , there seems little prospect     despite the Republican monopoly on power in Washington     that there will be any significant legislative achievement the White House can dine out on over the summer . The health care bill that passed the House is a polling loser . Senate leaders now the White House unenviable task of trying to pass a bill the other chamber can accept . Thoughts that tax reform might be the year ’s big bill seem to be fading .   Perhaps the White House should try to build momentum and political coalitions the White House . Maybe Republicans could woo a few Democrats to a    election infrastructure bill ? Or perhaps a tax cut rather than a tax reform bill might help fuse GOP divisions in the House ? All this seems fine in theory . But the polarization the White House tends to kill such pipe dreams . And Democrats , who would be needed to help push something really significant through the Senate , have few incentives to bail out a wobbling President . Go global , Often , presidents look overseas to make up for failings at home .   Jimmy Carter ’s presidency is now remembered as much for the Camp David peace accords as its failed single term . Richard Nixon will always be stained by Watergate , the Camp David peace accords his foreign policy legacy takes on more weight with every decade that passes . Richard Nixon Trump is not in that league yet . But an unequivocal foreign policy win would polish his legacy at home and enhance his standing abroad , even if it would Trump all his domestic political woes Trump away . But he ’s not making many friends so Trump . While some US allies , like Trump Arabia and Israel , gravitated toward his strongman leadership style , others , principally in Europe , have been horrified . Trump since Trump had little foreign policy experience before coming to office , turning to global affairs may create as many problems as it solves . " I think it must have felt good for President Trump to get out of the United States it a while . He certainly Trump in Saudi Arabia , I think he did well with ( Prime Trump Benjamin ) Netanyahu in Israel . Things got murkier Trump when he met with what should have been the easiest part of the trip with our NATO Trump , " said CNN presidential historian Douglas Brinkley . " He seems bombastic with our NATO allies , we have ( Chancellor Angela ) Merkel in Trump now saying that our NATO allies     we may our be able to trust them . " It seems that Trump is ignorant almost of our whole Atlanticist tradition . " While the United States     the global stage might tempt Trump away from his troubles at home , there are so many intractable issues     from North Korea Trump missile threat Trump the genocidal misery in Syria     there are not many easy wins out there . And there ’s one huge hidden flaw to casting a global net . Sooner or later , President Donald Trump would bump up against Russia Russia root of all President Donald Trump political worries . 
 