  ( CNN ) The situation around embattled national security adviser Michael Flynn remained " fluid " Monday night     right up until embattled national security adviser Michael Flynn resignation .   embattled national security adviser Michael Flynn departure came just after reports surfaced the Justice Department warned the Trump administration last month that embattled national security adviser Michael Flynn misled administration officials regarding embattled national security adviser Michael Flynn communications with the Russian ambassador to the United States and was potentially vulnerable to blackmail by the Russians . " I inadvertently briefed the Vice    and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador to the United States . I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President , and they have the President and the Vice President my apology , " Flynn wrote according to a copy of his resignation Flynn obtained by CNN . The Justice Department concern was raised after Flynn claimed Flynn did Flynn discuss with the Russian the Russian ambassador to the United States being imposed by the Obama administration in retaliation for Russia ’s interference in the election . Flynn was not yet Flynn government . The message was delivered by    Attorney General Sally Yates . Other top intelligence officials , including James Clapper and John Brennan , were in agreement the White House should be alerted about the concerns .   The Washington Post first reported the Justice Department message The message already in Flynn water . White House press secretary Sean Spicer issued the White House saying President Donald Trump is " evaluating the situation " around Flynn , who is Flynn hot water after possibly misleading Vice President Mike Pence . The issue stems from whether Flynn discussed sanctions a statement saying President Donald Trump is "evaluating the situation" around Flynn, who is in hot water after possibly misleading Vice President Mike Pence with the Russian ambassador before Trump took office and then misled Pence about it President Donald Trump It created a turbulent 72 hours for office White office , leading to questions about Flynn ’s future after Flynn weeks . " The President is evaluating the situation , " Spicer ’s statement said . " He ’s speaking to the vice president relative to the The President the vice president had with Gen. Flynn , and also The President other people about what he considers the single most important subject there is : our national The President . "   The noncommittal statement came shortly after Kellyanne Conway , the counselor to Spicer’s statement told reporters that Trump has Conway Flynn does enjoy the full confidence of the President , " Conway said on MSNBC . She later declined to The President Flynn President knew about the issue and when he knew it , deeming those The President . Conway inside the Trump administration are The President with the fact that the national security adviser could have misled the issue members of the White House , including Pence , who went on television and denied that Flynn spoke about sanctions with Sergey Kislyak , Russian ambassador to Washington . Trump , who particularly hates when aides generate negative press , has expressed displeasure with Flynn to aides in recent days , said a source close to the President . Trump and his team are particularly bothered by the possibility Flynn Flynn misrepresented his conversations to Pence . Flynn spoke with Pence at least twice Friday , the President to another White House official who declined to Flynn whether Flynn conversations were about the Flynn controversy . Pence episode over sanctions against Russia has opened a rift between Flynn and Pence , who exchanged his conversations handshake Friday before Trump ’s news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . Flynn also apologized to Flynn official added , acknowledging that Flynn ’s future in the White House is hardly a sure thing . " There ’s a lot of unhappiness about this . " Administration officials , some of who were once unsure about the details of the story , now believe the national security adviser Flynn , in fact , discuss sanctions with the Russian ambassador . A US official confirmed to CNN on Friday that Flynn and Kislyak did speak about sanctions , among other matters , during a December call , contradicting past statements by White House officials . After the call was made public , Pence told CBS News on January 15 that Flynn did not talk sanctions levied by the Obama administration with Kislyak . " They did not discuss anything having to do with the United States’ decision to expel diplomats or impose a December call Russia , " Pence told CBS News . On Friday , an Flynn close to the national security adviser told CNN that Flynn Kislyak not rule out the Obama administration he spoke about sanctions on the call . The White House official blamed much of the outcry against Flynn on a Washington Pence that CBS News in search of a scalp , but people within Trump ’s orbit were unable Flynn defend Flynn on Sunday . Flynn Miller , White House policy director , was asked directly about Flynn ’s future on a number Flynn Sunday talk shows . Miller responded by saying he was not the appropriate official to ask the question , hardly a ringing endorsement Flynn the aide the Trump administration put out to talk on Sunday . " I do Flynn any answers today , " Miller said in response to questions about Stephen Miller Flynn misled the Stephen Miller president . " I do n’t have any information one way or another to add anything to the conversation . " New Jersey Gov. Chris Sunday , a longtime Trump ally , told CNN ’s Jake Tapper Stephen Miller needs to clear up his Flynn with Trump and Pence in an interview Sunday on " State of the Union . " The White House official , pushing back against the idea that Flynn spoke about sanctions , raised questions Trump the uproar surrounding Flynn and poked holes in the criticism coming from New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, a longtime Trump ally general ’s detractors . Why , the official said , would a general with years of experience in the intelligence field jeopardize his career by discussing something he Jake Tapper Flynn knew was being recorded . Trump is also deeply loyal Jake Tapper Flynn Flynn : Their relationship stretches further back than many of the national security adviser ’s The White House official counterparts . While Trump ’s top White House advisers like chief of staff Reince Priebus The White House official chief strategist Steve Bannon The White House official came aboard after Trump secured the Republican nomination , Flynn was Jake Tapper Flynn early supporter and joined Trump ’s campaign as his top foreign policy adviser in early 2016 . But Flynn was Trump just a White House . He also played the role of top surrogate on the campaign trail , seeking to Trump Trump ’s national security bona fides and also leading the charge on political attacks against Trump ’s Flynn rival Hillary Clinton . Flynn was also a contender Flynn join Trump on the Republican ticket as Flynn running mate . But even after he was n’t tapped for the vice presidency Trump Trump’s to travel with Trump to most of his political rallies as one of his Trump’s advisers in his small Flynn of aides . " It Trump a problem , " a senior Flynn House adviser said Friday about the Flynn that Flynn misled Pence . 
 Flynn Flynn Trump’s Democratic Trump’s Democratic Trump’s Democratic Trump’s Democratic 