Seoul , South Korea ( CNN ) An attempted missile launch by North Korea on Sunday failed , US and South Korean defense officials told CNN .   An attempted missile launch by North Korea on Sunday occurred a day after the regime of Kim Jong Un showed off a bevy of new missiles and launchers at a    military parade on its most the regime of Kim Jong Un holiday . A South Korean South Korean said the action took place in Sinpo , a port city in eastern North Korea . That was the site of a ballistic missile test earlier this month in which the projectile fell into the Sea of Japan , also known as the East Sea . The North Koreans use Sinpo shipyard for their submarine activity The North Koreans and US satellites have observed increased activity there in April , a US official said at the time of the previous test . South Korean and US intelligence officials are trying to determine what type of missile was used Sunday , but initial reports said it could be what type of missile    missile , according to a White House foreign policy adviser . US Vice President Mike Pence , who is in the area as part of previous scheduled trip , was briefed on the launch , administration officials said .   President Donald Trump has been in contact , aides to the vice president The President The President and his military team President Donald Trump aware of North Korea ’s most recent unsuccessful missile launch . The President has no further comment , " US Defense Secretary James Mattis said .   Addressing US service members and their families at a " fellowship meal " in Seoul , Pence noted the " challenging time " for the world . " Our commitment to this historic alliance with the courageous people of South Korea has never been stronger , and with your help and with God ’s help , freedom will ever prevail on this peninsula , " he said . South Korean God’s convened a meeting of the National Security Council in the wake of the failed test . " Our government condemns this serious threat on the Korean peninsula and overall international society , " the South Korean foreign ministry said South Korean statement .   If Sunday ’s missile launch leads to a nuclear test or an ICBM launch , there would be " a powerful punishing measure that North Korean authority ca n’t endure , " South Korean officials said . US South Korean said it tracked a missile launch at 5:21 US Pacific Command m. ET and said the missile blew up almost immediately .   The missile was launched from the same the missile the April 5 launch , a White house foreign policy adviser said . US military officials do n’t believe the missile had intercontinental capabilities , a US the missile told CNN . The official said there was limited data as the a US defense official up so quickly . Bruce Bennett the missile senior defense analyst at the think tank RAND Corporation , said he thinks the missiles were not the kind that could reach Bruce Bennett, a senior defense analyst at the think tank RAND Corporation United States’ mainland . " The North does n’t seem to be quite at the place to test an ICBM ( intercontinental ballistic missile ) , " he said . CNN ’s Will Ripley in Pyongyang , North Bruce Bennett, a senior defense analyst at the think tank RAND Corporation , reported there was no immediate confirmation from North Korean state media about the launch . Rising tensions , North Korea ’s actions come as tensions on the Korean Peninsula North Korea The US Navy dispatched the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson strike group to the region last weekend , and Trump said this week that if China the Korean Peninsula rein in North Korea ’s nuclear program , the United States will . The group North Korea could shoot down missiles that North Korea has been testing . the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson strike group think the ( Trump ) administration anticipated North Korea ballistic missile launch would occur , and I have to wonder whether Trump were prepared to use the ships that are with that carrier group to shoot down that missile Trump) administration as long as the ships were positioned in the the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson strike group Bennett said . Analysts had expected North Korea to conduct a nuclear missile test around the time of his visit , possibly North Korea as the nation celebrated the 105th birthday of its founder     Kim II Sung , Bennett late grandfather North Korea Korea ’s current leader . The North Korea of the North Korean underground nuclear test program is unchanged , a senior US defense official told CNN , and a test could come at any time . The reported failed test comes at a time of year when North Korea has previously tried to launch missiles . Last year a test launch a Musudan missile on April 15 , an auspicious date on which millions celebrate Kim II Sung ’s birthday . That test also failed . 
 a test 