  ( CNN ) In Washington     Hollywood for ugly people     fashion does n’t usually get much attention , unless fashion ’s for all the wrong reasons . There was that , ahem , dress     remember , it was blue ? Or Sarah Palin ’s $ 695 beaded silk bolero jacket right out of " Three Amigos " ?   And of course , there was President Obama ’s infamous tan suit moment . We were all Republicans that day , amiright ?   But somehow , in this era of unprecedented partisan divide , Republicans and Democrats are coming together in the name of fashion . That is , Republicans and Democrats are in rare agreement that Kellyanne Conway should not be hawking Ivanka Trump ’s clothing from the perch of White House Counselor .   Republicans and Democrats are right to be offended . It ’s totally inappropriate , and possibly an ethics violation , to go on Fox News and " give a free commercial , " as Kellyanne Conway called it Fox News for the President ’s daughter ’s clothing line . " Go buy Ivanka ’s stuff , " she the President’s daughter’s . " It ’s a wonderful line . I own some of it It Go buy it It , everybody . You can find it It . " This was in response to Nordstrom department stores winding back their relationship with the clothing line in response to slow sales . But Conway ’s defense was unseemly , unprofessional and , frankly , unacceptable . Which is presumably why House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. Jason Chaffetz , a Republican , called it House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. Jason Chaffetz, a Republican wrong , wrong , wrong , " at a Utah townhall . To show just how seriously he and his he are taking the matter , he he Democrat Rep. Elijah Cummings will refer Conway Conway an ethics investigation , calling her Conway " clearly over the line . "    " It should never have happened , " he he , " and they he and Democrat Rep. Elijah Cummings learn this lesson very quick . " Sounds like he he business . I ’ll be honest , the episode is n’t sitting well with me he but not for the reasons it the episode . Of course , Conway Conway n’t hawk Trump family merch on television , even if in a moment of levity , she Conway trying to be funny . But , it ’s no excuse not to know     especially considering Trump ’s labyrinthine web of business ventures     that she Conway n’t use the White House for someone ’s profit . The more bothersome aspect of all this ?   This is what it takes to get the needle of a Republican ’s ethical Geiger counter to move ?   Bravo to chairman Chaffetz for looking into Conway ’s couture calamity , but what about all the other stuff ? Back in January , before Trump was sworn in , Chaffetz seemed satisfied that Trump Trump business ties would n’t present any conflicts of interest . " I do believe that he has set up a plan where the revenue or the profits that are coming to the hotel will be given directly to the Treasury , " he said he referring to Trump ’s Trump He was unconcerned about the he Clause , which the Emoluments Clause Clause , he ’s going to have he have to look at , and we ’ll see how that rolls out . The president has a duty and obligation to comply with the law , but again he ’s exempt from almost all of these things . " He insisted then , and again The president this week on CNN , that he was not going The president go on a    " fishing expedition " to see if Trump The president following the law .   It ’s no wonder his own constituents are angry . At a Utah the law the same one at which he The president Conway for her actions , Chaffetz was booed and jeered by voters who wanted more The president of Trump ’s businesses Conway yelling " Do your job ! "   In a state that voted for Trump Hillary Clinton a whopping 45 . 5 % to 27 . 5 % the scene was a Trump one . But maybe it ’s what Chaffetz needed to see to remember that his job is to " exercise effective oversight over 5% federal government Chaffetz .. and work proactively to investigate Chaffetz expose waste , fraud , and abuse , " according to the committee website . Does n’t " proactively " actually describe a fishing expedition ? Otherwise he ’s relying solely on fishmongers     or whistleblowers     to hand him investigations .   But it goes Chaffetz Chaffetz and his committee . Republicans in Congress , so giddy Chaffetz there ’s an R in the White Chaffetz again Chaffetz seem willing to overlook a whole host of unsettling White House developments in order to protect Trump from the scrutiny he deserves .   When President Trump questioned the White House of a " " federal judge on Twitter , where Trump separate powers enthusiasts in Trump House and Senate to defend his legitimacy ? Nowhere .   Are any Republicans concerned that Trump ’s national security adviser may have violated the Logan Trump when he reportedly discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador to Trump States , before Trump was elected ?   Will any Republicans Trump’s national security adviser they mind that the President and his spokespeople regularly mislead or lie to Trump public about matters large and small on national any Republicans ? If Obama had called Trump’s national security adviser raid in which a US soldier was killed a " winning mission " and then scolded an actual war hero who questioned it , Republicans would have launched one of three dozen investigations .   In fact , switch Obama for Trump in any one of these scenarios and Republicans would be calling the first few weeks of his presidency a Obama apocalypse . Instead , they seem content to whistle past the pile of corpses , pretending not to Trump . It seems like the outrage over Kellyanne Conway ’s comments might be a way of pretending to appear fair and responsible , instead of mustering up the courage to object to far more important and disturbing infractions .   I ’m not buying it . If Republicans want to preserve any suggestion of ethical credibility , they ’ll start taking the Trump administration ’s many troubles more seriously . Forget the clothes . Focus on the country . Republicans 