Colorado Springs , Colorado ( CNN ) Charles Koch warned Charles Koch allies on Saturday that the country could " deteriorate " if    people turned solely to politicians for salvation in dark times , another sign that the influential Republican patrons have little faith in today ’s elected leaders . Speaking to hundreds of the country ’s most powerful donors as they hundreds of the country    wine and cocktails , the       Koch implored his the      Koch to dig deep and settle in for what he the      Koch termed an " uphill battle " to save the the country " If we just focus on politics , we ’re we to continue to lose , " Koch said the      Koch light applause . " We ’re we to continue to deteriorate . " Koch and the      Koch network the      Koch contributors have declined entreaties to spend their fortunes Koch and his network of contributors help Donald Trump , the Republican presidential nominee . And Koch at the      Koch pushed back against some of the themes of Trump ’s dark messaging , acknowledging the state of the world but saying that politicians are n’t the people to solve it . " No wonder that people have by and large lost their optimism people that they ’re people and disillusioned , " Koch said the      Koch " People are looking for answers . And by and large , they ’re People in the wrong places . They ’re People to politicians . " " The answers they are People are frightening , " Koch continued the      Koch " These answers The answers they are getting matters worse . " A top Koch aide the      Koch Saturday directly countered the portrait that Trump ’s painted at the Republican National Convention earlier this month , when he portrayed crime Trump danger on the rise . Mark Holden , a Koch consigliore who has immersed himself in criminal Trump reform , said he " respectfully Trump ] " with Trump ’s imagery Trump’s , however , Koch confidence that his network , bolstered Koch millions of dollars of investment in data and field organizing , could withstand an era in which his friends " do Koch really have good options . " At one point , he employed an unusual Koch . " Do n’t get me wrong . I ’m not saying this will be easy , or instant pudding , " Koch said . " Koch ’ve got to remember the test is n’t in the pudding . The test of the pudding is in the pudding , and we want to have We eating here . " 
 