Washington ( CNN ) The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives is looking to transfer approximately 20 agents to Chicago in an effort to " beef up " the federal presence in the city , two federal law enforcement officials told CNN Friday . approximately 20 agents will form a new task force , which the ATF referred to in internal documents as the " Chicago Crime Guns Strike Force , " in an effort to stem the city the city . 762 murders . 12 months . 1 American city , The increase , one official said , has been in the works for some time and is not in response to President Donald Trump tweeting last week that " If Chicago does n’t fix the horrible ’carnage’ going on . .. I will send in the feds . "    Earlier Friday , the second official could one official sure that Trump ’s comment had nothing to President Donald Trump tweeting last week decision , considering its timing . But an ATF spokesperson decision said Trump ’s administration has not spoken to President Donald Trump tweeting last week about " possible strategies at this ATF " " ATF is exploring various options as we are committed ATF furthering law enforcement efforts in Chicago , " the spokesperson added . " One of those options an ATF spokesperson send additional agents to Chicago on permanent transfers . ATF is still early in Chicago process of developing ATF and will be prepared to discuss these options further once plans are finalized . " There those options more than 40 agents assigned to the Chicago area , so the surge would increase that force Chicago more than 60 agents . " We have received no word from the federal government to confirm these reports , but it would be welcome news if the administration has indeed agreed to one of Mayor Emanuel ’s requests for federal resources , " Mayor Rahm Emanuel ’s office said in a statement Friday . Mayor Emanuel’s that they will also provide added DEA and FBI agents , that they will boost the prosecution rate for federal gun crimes in Chicago and that they will provide funding for successful violence prevention efforts . " The officials told they that ATF headquarters in Washington sent out a bulletin to field offices around the country Wednesday looking for agents to volunteer for permanent transfer to the Chicago area . One official said it ’s unusual to ask for permanent relocation Chicago reaction to a specific problem . Typically , it would just be a surge of agents for 30 to 60 days . The bulletin notes there have been 4 , 386 shootings and more than 750 homicides in 2016 alone , which is a 58 % increase over 2015 . It goes on to say , " ATF is committed to helping Chicago law enforcement partners to prevent and reduce these violent killings and assaults . Chicago Trump ’s tweet did not specify what was meant by " feds , " but some had questioned whether he intended to send in the National Guard . Last week , Emanuel said Trump guard would not be welcome but he would appreciate federal help . 
 the National Guard Emanuel 