’Hillary Clinton said on Thursday that Donald Trump’ ’s recent comments about abortion were " outrageous " and dismissed ’Hillary Clinton " unconvincing " attempt to walk them back.’ ’In an interview with Henry Blodget , Business Insider’ ’s CEO and editor in chief , ’Hillary Clinton took aim at the Republican presidential frontrunner’ ’s   over whether there should be " some sort of punishment " for women who get abortions if the US outlawed the practice.’ ’"It was outrageous that he would be advocating for women who exercise their constitutional right and have autonomy over their healthcare decisions would be criminals along with the doctors that served their , " Clinton said during an interview at SUNY Purchase College in New York . " Clinton did try to walk an interview at SUNY Purchase College in New York back   —    I think pretty unconvincingly . " ’ ’Clinton , the Democratic presidential frontrunner , said that Trump also revealed what many Republican lawmakers and candidates believe . Clinton cited efforts by GOP governors and state legislatures to curb access to abortion.’ ’"What’ ’s important here is that all the Republicans agree with ’"What’ . all the Republicans want to see women’ ’s rights eroded and for abortion to become illegal again , " Clinton said . " That’ ’s why so many state Republican governors and legislators are defunding Planned Parenthood and shutting down clinics that not only provide a safe abortion , but HIV testing , cancer screenings , and so much else . " ’ ’She continued:’ ’’ " After sparking the firestorm , Trump ’s campaign soon issued a statement reversing his Trump’s on which people should be punished for having abortions if the procedure were banned . Trump Trump’s said that it should be those who perform the abortions , not the women who receive them the abortions, not " ’In a Fox News interview on Thursday , Trump Trump’s that " it could be that I misspoke " on the topic.’ " Even many conservatives attempted to distance themselves Even many conservatives Trump Trump’s proposal . Antiabortion groups . And Trump ’s Trump’s Republican opponents said that the frontrunner had revealed his naïveté the frontrunner the issue . " ’"Once again Donald Trump Trump’s that he hasn’’t seriously Trump’s through the issues , and he’’ll say anything just to get attention , " said Sen. Ted Cruz , Trump’ ’s top primary rival.’ ’Cruz added : " Of course we shouldn’’t be talking about punishing women ; we should affirm we dignity and women incredible gift they have to women life into the world . " ’ ’Hillary Clinton said on Thursday that Donald . .. ’ 
 