Washington ( CNN ) CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Tuesday if President Donald Trump told the FBI to end a probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn , then the FBI would amount to obstruction of justice . The New York Times first reported Tuesday that former the FBI Director James Comey wrote a memo about President Donald Trump telling former FBI Director James Comey that former national security adviser Michael Flynn " is a good guy " and the FBI should drop an investigation into Flynn former national security adviser Michael Flynn citing sources who had read the memo . Sources also confirmed the contents of the the memo CNN ’s Pamela Brown and Jake Tapper . " Telling the FBI the FBI to close down an investigation of your senior campaign adviser for his activities the FBI director your campaign for president , if that ’s true , that is obstruction of justice , " Toobin said on CNN ’s CNN The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " Toobin said Toobin if Comey ’s memo was accurate : " I do n’t know how anyone can see this comment as anything but obstruction of justice . " He also Comey the move to the scandal that brought down former President Richard Nixon . " ’Close it down’ is an instruction to stop investigating President Trump ’s campaign , " Toobin said . " Richard Nixon former President Richard Nixon in 1974 for telling the FBI to stop an investigation of his campaign . President Trump’s campaign what Watergate was . "   Nixon resigned before former President Richard Nixon could impeach him , and former President Richard Nixon successor , former President Richard Nixon Gerald Ford , pardoned him for any former President Richard Nixon he may have former President Richard Nixon . Flynn is a retired general who became a prominent Trump supporter and surrogate during the campaign . He President Trump’s campaign ’s national Flynn adviser Trump his ouster less than a Flynn into Trump ’s term . When Trump was still FBI director Flynn Comey confirmed the existence of Flynn FBI investigation into potential collusion FBI Russia and the Trump campaign to influence the 2016 election .   CNN reported the same day Trump fired Comey that federal Trump issued Flynn jury subpoenas to former associates of Flynn . 
 