Washington ( CNN ) Mike Pence has emerged as a popular alternative for top Republicans looking to replace Donald Trump as the party ’s presidential nominee , but the Indiana governor ’s own record with women could make Mike Pence a    courtship that does n’t change the result in November . Mike Pence ’s record on    items from vowing to shut down the government over Planned Parenthood funding to graphic protests over the Indiana governor recent crackdown on abortion access , would make it difficult for Republicans to peel away suburban women voters from Hillary Clinton . As talk of Mike Pence replacing Trump bubbled up Saturday     sparked by top Republicans like Sen. Kelly Ayotte saying Sen. Kelly Ayotte was rejecting Trump and would write in Mike Pence for president     Planned Parenthood quickly jumped on the attack .   " Trump ’s violent language for Mike Pence devastating policy proposals is a horrifying substitution . Donald Trump Trump Pence have been partners in the same agenda     and that ’s what we have to Donald Trump and Mike Pence , " Planned Parenthood President Planned Parenthood said in a statement . A campaign spokesman for Pence Mike Pence Saturday he would " not A campaign spokesman for Pence in hypotheticals " over questions of Pence Mike Pence record . In Congress , Pence Mike Pence at the forefront of a conservative effort to block any federal funds from going to Planned Parenthood because the Planned Parenthood which provides women with cancer screenings , counseling services and tests     also provides abortions .   In 2011 , as he prepared to run for governor of Indiana , Pence Mike Pence MSNBC that " of course " he ’d shut the federal he down if congressional Democrats did n’t include the defunding of Planned Parenthood in negotiations to approve a spending bill and avert a shutdown .   " I think the American people have begun to learn that the largest abortion provider in the country is also the largest recipient of federal funding under Title X and they want to see that the American people to an end , " Pence said then .   When he campaigned for governor in 2012 , Pence largely avoided talk of Pence    social issues , including    marriage and abortion . But as governor he has not shied away he those issues , notably stumbling any   social issues, including   marriage and abortion polls after he signed a " religious he " bill last year .   That measure allowed businesses to decline a "religious freedom" bill    couples if they cited religious objections . After days   couples intense national pressure     including a push by the state ’s businesses to repeal the measure     Pence backtracked and approved a " fix " that said the law could not be used as a tool to discriminate . Then , it was his cratering support among Republican the law that helped pull Democrat John Gregg to a stunningly close rematch with Pence in the race for governor this Pence . As he pushed for tougher abortion restrictions this Democrat John Gregg , Pence said that he this year to Pence unborn life Democrat John Gregg He signed legislation this spring making Indiana Democrat John Gregg the second state in the nation to ban abortions in cases where women seek the abortion after learning the fetus has a disability . " By enacting this legislation , we take an important step legislation the unborn , while still providing an exception for the life of the mother . I sign this legislation with a prayer that God would continue legislation these precious children , mothers and families , " Pence said in a statement .   But that bill quickly drew a snarky campaign by women protesters legislation Periods for Pence "     including a woman inviting Pence to her appointment Pence her gynecologist , an update from Pence woman about her cramps her other personal details about their periods . 
 her 