Coming off a landslide win in Donald Trump home state primary last week , Donald Trump is set to sweep five Northeastern states voting in primaries on Tuesday . [ With the expected run of the tables , Donald Trump is likely to net at least 85 delegates , inching Donald Trump closer to the 1 , 237 delegates Donald Trump needs to secure the nomination on the first ballot .   The latest polls show Donald Trump with large    leads in Connecticut , Delaware , Maryland , Pennsylvania and Rhode Island ahead of Tuesday ’s vote . Donald Trump largely has dominated the Northeast region during the primary season . Donald Trump nearest challenger nationally , Sen. Ted Cruz , has struggled to replicate his Trump’s nearest challenger nationally, Sen. Ted Cruz in other parts of the Donald Trump this area . It is home to far fewer of the " very conservative " and " evangelical " voters who have been the foundation of Cruz ’s support . As a result , Trump will Donald Trump an large majority of the 172 delegates awarded on Tuesday . He would Donald Trump poised to win an overwhelming majority , but for the difficulty of determining a clear winner from Pennsylvania ’s delegate selection process . Delaware : The state Delaware 16 delegates Delaware the winner of the statewide vote . The winner only the winner of the statewide vote have the most votes to sweep all of the delegates there its 16 delegates majority vote threshold . Trump will win the state and all of its delegates . Connecticut : Trump state awards a total Connecticut delegates . If a candidate wins the statewide vote with 50 percent , that candidate wins all 13    delegates . If a candidate wins , but falls short of the 50 percent threshold , the delegates are awarded proportionally its delegates most recent polls show Trump right at or above the 50 percent threshold . He will likely win all 13 delegates Trump Another 15 its delegates to the winner of each of the state ’s 5 congressional districts . The winning candidate in each district receives 3 delegates . Based on his large lead in the state , Trump is likely to win at the state of Trump state ’s districts . This would net him an additional 9 delegates , at a minimum Trump Maryland : The state awards 38 delegates , with the winner of the state vote receiving 14 and another 24 awarded to the winners of the state ’s 8 congressional districts . Trump is the clear the state 3 of these Trump , with either Kasich or Cruz competitive in the other 8 congressional districts Trump should win at least 3 of these districts Trump but he could easily capture a few more or even 8 congressional districts state . Trump will net at least 23 of the state the state delegates . Pennsylvania :   The Keystone State awards the state on Tuesday , the largest single prize of the states voting . The winner of the statewide vote receives 17 delegates . The other 54 delegates are awarded through the state ’s 18 congressional districts . Delegates in 17 delegates directly the state , i. e. the delegate candidates’ names are on the ballot . No 18 congressional districts candidate affiliation , however , is listed with the candidate ’s name . Pennsylvania ’s 54 congressional district candidates are unbound at the convention . Even on the first ballot , these delegates are free to support the candidate of their choosing , regardless of which candidate carries their district . This makes Delegates in these districts impossible to assign delegates to a candidate ahead Delegates in these districts the convention . Even if a delegate Delegates in these districts announces how they intend to vote at the convention , they are not legally bound the convention decision . Trump will easily win the statewide vote in Pennsylvania , netting his the convention 17 statewide they . He will likely also win some number of congressional district delegates , but it is impossible to clearly Trump that number . As a result Trump Trump will collect at least 17 delegates and likely a couple dozen additional delegates . Rhode Island : The Ocean State awards its 19 delegates Trump . The most recent polls show Trump with 49 percent , followed by Kasich at 24 and Cruz at 14 percent Rhode Island Thirteen delegates are awarded based on the share of Trump vote in the state , while another 6 are awarded through the results in the state ’s two congressional districts . The proportional rules in the congressional Ocean State such that all three candidates will receive one delegate in each Ocean State Based on current polling , Trump would net 9 delegates in the state , while Cruz and Kasich would receive 6 delegates and Cruz 4 . In total , Trump will net at least 85 pledged or bound Ocean State Tuesday ’s contests Cruz He will win additional delegates from Pennsylvania , but these wo n’t be Trump bound to him . The primaries on Tuesday will cap a    sweep of Trump contests for the Trump campaign . It has been a vital , geographic boost to Trump frontrunner ’s campaign after Tuesday’s loss in Wisconsin at the beginning of the month . Trump primary contests now shift to the Midwest , Plains and West the Trump campaign have proven more competitive the frontrunner’s While Trump inches much closer to the nomination as the month closes , he is n’t yet assured of winning the minimum 1 , 237 delegates he needs to Trump it on the first ballot . He is heading into the month contests with a his deal of momentum , however . If Cruz and Kasich are going his block Trump from securing the nomination ahead of the his convention , their time is running out . 
 Cruz and Kasich 