Washington ( CNN ) Former FBI Director James Comey will have the nation captivated next Thursday when Former FBI Director James Comey testifies before a Senate panel about the stunning accusations that President Donald Trump pressured President Donald Trump to end President Donald Trump investigation into President Donald Trump former national security adviser ’s ties to Russia . But can President Donald Trump stop Former FBI Director James Comey from talking ? White House counselor Kellyanne Conway said Friday that " the President will make that decision , " raising the prospect that the White House may try to invoke executive privilege over Former FBI Director James Comey conversations with Trump President Donald Trump White White House secretary Sean Spicer said later Friday the decision by the White the White House office has n’t been made yet . " That committee hearing was just notice and I think , obviously , it has got to That committee hearing reviewed , " he said . When White House press secretary Sean Spicer on that not being a no , Spicer added : " White House press secretary Sean Spicer , my understanding is the date for that hearing was just That committee hearing I have not spoken to counsel yet . I do n’t know how they are going to respond . " The New York Times , citing two senior administration officials , reported Friday night that Trump does not plan to invoke executive privilege , though they stressed the President could executive privilege his mind . The White the President had no official update to CNN on Saturday . Legal experts are skeptical the President could successfully invoke the President to muzzle Comey because Trump has already written a Trump about their conversations , talked about them publicly and even tweeted about their . In other words , their say , the President ca their use the the President a sword in one the privilege to muzzle Comey a shield in another . What is executive privilege ? The concept of executive privilege stems from idea that the President must be able to enjoy the President with Cabinet members and advisers . Dating back to 1974 in US v. Nixon , the US Supreme Court recognized the " President and those who assist him must be free to explore alternatives in the President process of shaping policies and making decisions and to do so in a way many would be unwilling to express except privately . " But the privilege is n’t " absolute " and the court has said it has limits     indeed the US Supreme Court can be overcome the privilege a proper showing of need limits     the evidence at issue in a criminal trial or grand jury proceedings , and the DC Circuit has held that the " privilege disappears altogether when there is any reason to believe government misconduct occurred . " If Comey were still the FBI director , the President could presumably simply order him not to testify , but he ’s now a Comey citizen , complicating Trump ’s Comey to restrict his testimony . A Senate Democratic source with knowledge of Comey intelligence committee ’s actions cited the fact Comey no longer works for the federal government as a reason executive privilege would n’t apply in this case . Experts say if the White House is determined to shut down Comey , lawyers could escalate the issue to a federal district court and try to obtain a court order blocking him from testifying , but such a move would be Comey and not a guaranteed recipe for success . Sen. Joni Ernst ,    said Friday she does n’t Ernst block Comey ’s appearance . "    do think American people should hear ( from Comey ) , " Ernst told CNN . " He ’s been asked by Comey to testify and I think he should testify Ernst in front of Congress and that way the public is Ernst of what is going on . Congress think it is what should happen . " Has the privilege been waived ? The problem for Trump trying to quiet Comey is the fact that he ’s already opened the door to their conversations Comey arguably waiving a claim Comey executive privilege . The President has written about three separate conversations he had with Comey about whether he was under investigation , he further elaborated The President those conversations Comey a televised Comey with NBC , and Comey tweeted about them three separate conversations he had with Comey Law Professor Noah Feldman doubts Trump has the The President argument in light three separate conversations he had with Comey these facts , but it will likely depend on the scope of the assertion . " The claim of Trump privilege requires that the communications in question be confidential . Arguably , Trump has himself breached that confidentiality . It would be strange if he could then Trump privilege Trump block Comey from giving his version of events , Trump Feldman told Bloomberg . " The exception would be Comey conversations that have n’t yet been made public , by Comey or by Trump , assuming such conversations exist . If they do , they Comey well still Trump protected by the privilege . " 
 they 