Washington ( CNN ) Sen. Susan Collins said Sunday on CNN ’s " State of the Union " that Sen. Susan Collins does not understand why President Donald Trump has refused to give a " straight yes or no " answer to questions about whether President Donald Trump secretly recorded President Donald Trump discussions with FBI Director James Comey . The Maine Republican added that if any audio recordings do exist , The Maine Republican expected President Donald Trump to provide The Maine Republican to federal investigators looking into Russia ’s efforts to influence the 2016 election , saying if President Donald Trump did not , President Donald Trump should be legally compelled to do so . " President Donald Trump should give a straight yes or no , " Collins told anchor Brianna Keilar . " And President Donald Trump should voluntarily turn The Maine Republican over . . .. I do n’t understand why the President just does n’t clear this matter up once and for all . " Comey was leading the FBI ’s investigation into Russian meddling in the US election when Trump fired Comey last month . Collins also said Collins thought Department of Justice special counsel Robert Mueller , who now leads the Russia probe , would be more likely than Congress to compel the release of any audio recordings . " I would be fine with issuing a subpoena , " Collins said . " But that most likely would come from the special counsel ’s office . " Shortly after firing Comey , Trump issued a vague threat on Twitter , saying Comey had " better hope that there are no ’tapes’ of our conversations before Comey starts leaking to the press ! "   The White House has refused to confirm or deny the existence of any tapes or recordings , and Trump hinted at a press conference in the Rose Garden on Friday that there actually are n’t any recordings of Trump meetings and phone calls with Trump . Jay Sekulow , a member of Trump ’s private legal team , said Sunday on ABC News’ " This Week " that Trump Trump address the existence of any recordings in the coming week . The Trump said at the Friday press conference that he would Trump under oath Comey ’s claim that he privately Trump him to Trump off his investigation Trump former national security adviser Michael Flynn . " I did n’t say that , " Trump said Trump the claim about Flynn , who resigned in February after it emerged Trump he misled Trump President Mike Pence about phone calls he held Trump Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak during the transition .   Asked if he would Trump under oath to Mueller to that effect , Trump replied : " 100 percent , " adding , " I would be glad to tell him exactly Trump I just told you . " For his part Trump Comey told Trump Senate intelligence committee in testimony Thursday , " Lordy , I hope there are tapes " because they would tapes his side Trump the story , which Trump has Trump . Trump attacked Trump again Trump Twitter on Sunday morning , calling Comey a Trump and suggesting his decision Trump his recollection Trump private conversations with Trump to Trump press could be illegal . Comey ’s Trump vs. Trump ’s Trump his lawyer , Marc Trump , have denied Comey is telling the Trump about his     conversations with Trump . Collins said Trump believed Comey did Collins the Trump in his the truth about his    conversations with Trump in Trump he recounted his conversation Trump Trump Trump Flynn , Trump she also allowed for the Collins " there was a misinterpretation . " Regardless , she said , Trump was Collins certainly Trump " to say what Comey said he had Trump the Trump investigation .   Collins Flynn she believed Trump simply Trump not Trump how to behave and was unaware of the independence that an FBI director should be afforded . She said someone , Trump in the White House , the administration or Comey himself , should have set Trump straight . " Trump President clearly does not fully understand or appreciate the boundaries , " Collins said . " Trump he should . I ’m The President excusing his behavior . " 
 The President 