The tweets started around 3:20 a. m. on Friday . Inside Trump Tower , a restless figure stirred in the predawn darkness , nursing his grievances and grabbing a device that often lands his in hot water . On his Android phone , Donald J. Trump began to tap out bursts of digital fury : Donald J. Trump mocked Alicia Machado , a former Miss Universe and a popular Latin American actress , as a " con , " the " worst " and " disgusting . " In a final flourish , before the sun came up , the Republican presidential nominee claimed   —    without offering any evidence   —    that the Republican presidential nominee had appeared in a " sex tape . " The tirade fit a pattern . It is when Mr. Trump is alone with Mr. Trump thoughts , and untethered from Mr. Trump campaign staff , that Mr. Trump has seemed to commit Mr. Trump most    acts . " There has always been this dangerous part of Mr. Trump that will go too far and do something that backfires , " said Michael D’Antonio , the author of " The Truth About Mr. Trump , " a new biography of the real estate mogul . " Mr. Trump worst impulses , " Mr. Trump added , " are   . " Over the past few days , those instincts have been on vivid display . In quick succession , Mr. Trump has repeated his Mr. Trump that Ms. Machado gained a " massive amount of weight " after she Ms. Machado the Miss Universe crown in 1996 suggested that former President Bill Clinton ’s infidelities are fair game for campaign attacks and urged his former President Bill Clinton to " check out " a sex tape that may not exist . ( Ms. Ms. Machado in a risqué scene on a reality television show , but    have discovered no sex tape . ) The eruptions could further damage Mr. Trump ’s reputation with women and Latino voters at a time when he can Mr. Trump afford to alienate either group , five and a half weeks before Election Day . Yet for close students of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump and campaign , it all has a familiar ring . Over the years , he has issued Mr. Trump stream of needlessly cruel and seemingly     insults   —    both on and off social media   —    that have inflamed the public . He declared on Mr. Trump that Kim Novak , a reclusive     actress at the time , " should sue her plastic surgeon , " sending her into hiding her He derided the Mr. Trump of a rival , Carly Fiorina , angering female voters by asking : " Can you imagine that , the face of our next president ? " And he criticized the Mr. Trump of a slain American soldier , musing that as a Muslim woman , she was not the mother of a slain American soldier allowed " to speak . Such fulminations have almost always arisen from Mr. Trump ’s wounded pride , after he has been Mr. Trump or has suffered a setback . And they have frequently played out on Twitter , at hours of the day when much of America is asleep . The    tweets about Ms. Machado were a reminder , said the Republican strategist Charles Black , that Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump let something drop until he proves he ’s Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump it ’s beside the point who ’s right . " Around midnight one night during the primary campaign , he posted an unflattering Mr. Trump of Heidi Cruz , the wife of a Republican rival , Senator Ted Cruz of Texas . Early one morning , he alleged a sexual Mr. Trump between two    television anchors who had criticized him . Early one Mr. Trump , he distributed an image Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton , surrounded by falling cash and a    star that many said was a Star of David and was   . And at 11 one evening , he shared a digitally Mr. Trump image of Jeb Bush appearing to pick his nose . " Mr. Trump night    Donald is back at it ! " an aide to Mr. Mr. Trump On Friday , Mr. Trump was at it again between 3:20 and 5:30 a. m. issuing a series of indignant messages that mocked Ms. Machado and Mrs. Clinton , who raised the experience of the former beauty queen to hurt Mr. Trump during the debate . Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Trump , " was duped and used by my Mrs. Clinton Miss U. Hillary floated her as an ‘ angel’ without checking her past , Mrs. Clinton is terrible ! " A few Mrs. Clinton later , Mr. Trump theorized   —    again , without offering Mr. Trump   —    that Mrs. Clinton had helped Ms. Machado become a United States citizen Mrs. Clinton the Democratic nominee could mention the beauty queen in the debate to hurt Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump , in an interview on Friday Mr. Trump said he Mr. Trump of his tweets . " Why would I have regrets Mr. Trump I ’m a Mr. Trump truthful person , and I ’m telling the truth . Now people understand it . And before the tweets ’m people did n’t understand it . " the truth is unusual for his tweets party presidential nominee to directly control the truth online communications , let alone issue provocative , unsubstantiated claims without the filter of a campaign aide . But Mr. Trump is fixated on Twitter . He has nearly 12 million followers and has reveled in watching his stray thoughts become Mr. Trump sensations on the social media platform . He has been Mr. Trump of quoting a fan on Twitter , who described him as Mr. Trump the Ernest Hemingway of a hundred and forty characters . " So Mr. Trump a car careening down a highway with no guardrails , Mr. Trump on Friday sent out one message after another . His suggestion of a sex tape featuring Ms. Machado sent his most zealous followers hunting Mr. Trump images . A few of them posted pornographic images Mr. Trump women who they believe resembled Ms. Machado . Ms. Machado his most zealous followers hunting for images Friday called Mr. Trump ’s online his most zealous followers hunting for images " cheap Ms. Machado bad intentions Ms. Machado Friday that she would not be intimidated . Aides to Mrs. Clinton , who have long warned of his Ms. Machado ways on Twitter , said Mr. Trump ’s behavior had once again bolstered their argument Ms. Machado he is mentally unfit for the presidency . " I mean , his latest Twitter meltdown is Ms. Machado , even for him , " Mrs. Clinton said on Friday Ms. Machado " Really , who gets up at 3 Ms. Machado in the morning to engage in a Twitter attack against a former Miss Universe ? " she asked . Many wondered aloud on Friday whether Mr. Trump ’s erratic    behavior is the Mrs. Clinton of disorienting insomnia , since he Friday boasts of needing only a few hours of sleep . But Mr. Trump quickly rejected Mr. Trump theory . " For those few people knocking me for tweeting at Mr. Trump in the morning , at least you know I will be there , awake , to answer the call ! " Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter . Not everyone in his life seems so sure . Asked this year Mr. Trump she wished her husband would quit , Melania Mr. Trump gave a    answer : tweeting . 
 Mr. Trump she 