Washington ( CNN ) Former " Miss Universe " Alicia Machado said Alicia Machado cried when Alicia Machado heard Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton talk about Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton during the first presidential debate at Hofstra University Monday . " Well , last night I was with my family , with my mom and with my daughter , my family were watching the first presidential debate at Hofstra University Monday and you know , I was really surprised , " Alicia Machado said in Spanish during a phone call with reporters set up by the Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton campaign . " And I started crying . I started crying because I never imagined that such an important person like Alicia Machado would care about my story , know about my my story " Machado was referencing a moment during the debate when Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton slammed Donald Trump ’s for his past Donald Trump toward women     which has become a key campaign issue that hits on his vulnerabilities Donald Trump both Hispanics and women . " And one of the worst things he said Donald Trump about a woman in a beauty contest     he loves Donald Trump contests , supporting them and beauty contests around them     beauty contests he called Donald Trump woman a woman in a beauty contest     then he called Donald Trump ’Miss Housekeeping’ a woman in a beauty contest     she was Latina a woman in a beauty contest     " Clinton had said .   She continued : Clinton Donald , she has a Clinton . Her name is a name . And she has become Clinton US citizen and you can bet she is going Clinton vote this November . " Trump , seemingly caught    repeatedly interjected : " Where did you find this ? " Clinton , according Clinton aides , had been prepped on Machado ’s story going Alicia Machado debate and aimed to use it as a way to the debate sexism on Trump ’s part . The Democratic nominee ’s campaign quickly turned the exchange into what they hoped would be a The Democratic nominee’s campaign moment : They published a video about The Democratic nominee’s campaign former beauty pageant winner shortly after the debate , in addition the debate the press call . " I lament that I could be an uncomfortable person for Mr. Trump , but that ’s Trump were , " Machado said in the phone call . " And I the press call what ’s he ’s capable of , this man . And Machado ’s why I am fighting to make the community understand , now more than ever , that Latinos need to support the US , that we need to return all the beautiful and grand things the US has provided for us . " When the US the     has played we Spanish speaking media , a Clinton aide had a    response : "    . " On Tuesday , Trump refused to back down from his criticism of Machado , telling " Fox and Friends Trump in an interview that Machado had " gained a massive amount of weight and Machado was a real problem . " " She was the winner and you know , she gained Trump massive amount of weight and it was Trump real problem . We had a real problem , " Trump said . " Not only that , her attitude , and we had a real problem with Trump , so Hillary We back into the years and Trump found this Trump     this was many years ago Trump And Trump and talked about her like she was Mother Theresa . Trump was n’t quite that Trump but Trump ’s OK . Hillary has to do what she has to do . " Beauty queen Trump to lose weight , Trump competed and won the " Miss Universe " title representing Venezuela in 1996 when she was 19 years old     but then she gained nearly 60 pounds Trump according to a CNN report at the Trump . " Some people when they have pressure eat too much . Like me . Like Alicia , " Trump said at the time . He was then executive producer of the Miss Universe Pageant . In 1997 Trump rumors surfaced that Machado would be forced to give up her Miss Universe crown     but Trump said he would n’t let it Trump , according to the CNN Trump . Trump We had a choice of : termination or do this , " he said at the time . " We wanted to do this . Trump By " this , " he We encourage her to lose weight . Machado told Inside Edition in Trump that she Trump gained closer to 15 pounds and that Trump called her " Trump Housekeeping , " because she is Latina , and " Trump Piggy . " It made her Trump " so fat " that it made her " very depressed Trump " she said . Trump told It New Trump Times that he pushed her Trump lose weight Trump " To that , I will Trump guilty Trump " he said . " But Machado said that she was affected by the Trump . " After that episode , I Trump sick , had anorexia and bulimia for five years , " she said . " Over the past 20 years , I ’ve gone Trump a lot of psychologists to combat this . " On Monday , after the presidential debate , she tweeted in Spanish , " Thank you Mrs. Hillary Clinton your respect Trump women and our differences make you great ! I ’m with you ! " She later tweeted , " I received my passport ! I ’m ready Trump vote For my country for you @HillaryClinton for my daughter ’m women workers " . Spanish you 