  ( CNN ) While most of Britain prepared for bed , a suspected terrorist attack struck the city of Manchester Monday night . Details are still thin , but here ’s what ’s known so far : The basics , At least 22 people , including children , were killed and 59 were injured , said Ian Hopkins , the chief constable for Greater Manchester Police . As people were leaving a concert by American pop singer Ariana Grande at the Manchester Arena , loud explosions were heard outside the main area .   Many of Grande ’s fans are teenage and    girls ( they call they the Ariana Army ) so there would ’ve likely been a lot of young people in attendance . The initial reports of an explosion first came in at about 10:33 p. m. local time , according to Manchester police . Local authorities are encouraging people with concerns or information to report Local authorities to an    hotline . Local authorities also have an emergency number for those concerned about loved ones     + 44 ( 0 ) 161 856 9400 . The singer is OK . The singer management have released a statement saying " we mourn the lives of children and loved ones taken by this cowardly act . " Grande tweeted : " broken . from the bottom of my heart , i am so so sorry . i do n’t have words . " Two explosions , Witnesses told CNN Witnesses heard one explosion near the Arena . one explosion near the arena occurred in a " public area " outside the venue , the Arena said in a statement . There have n’t been any claims of responsibility , but authorities are investigating if it was a suicide attack . The assailant was carrying an improvised explosive device and died at the scene , Hopkins of the Greater Manchester police said Tuesday morning .   " We believe at this stage that the attack a suicide attack by one man . The priority is to establish whether he was acting one man or as part of a network , " Hopkins said . Hopkins of the Greater Manchester police the initial explosion , Manchester police said the Greater Manchester police a precautionary the Greater Manchester police explosion in nearby Cathedral Gardens to destroy what turned out to be discarded clothing .     Victims and concertgoers , Police said the wounded were sent to six hospitals across Manchester , one of Manchester UK ’s largest cities . " After the first wave of sirens and the evacuation , it was filled with cars . The roads were bedlam . People just going through red lights , " said Sam Ward , who lives near the arena . The hashtag # RoomForManchester began trending as a way for locals to offer shelter or transport to those who needed it . Facebook has The hashtag #RoomForManchester its " Safety Check Facebook feature .   The scene , Images quickly flooded the internet following the blast . A dashcam caught the explosion from afar the blast images show the chaotic aftermath . What ’s next for Britain , British Prime Minister Theresa May said in a statement that authorities " are working to establish the full details of what is being treated by the police as an appalling terrorist attack . " She will chair a meeting British Prime Minister Theresa May the government ’s emergency Cobra committee early Tuesday morning .   All three of the country ’s leading political Britain suspended campaigning for the upcoming general election on June 8 . The Scottish National Party has also postponed or suspended some of their own events . Amber Rudd The Scottish National Party the British Home Secretary , is urging the public to " remain alert , not alarmed . " More than 400 police have been deployed throughout Manchester , said Hopkins , the chief constable . People can expect to see armed officers on patrol throughout the city , he said . Manchester Mayor Andy Hopkins, the chief constable thanked his constituents Manchester a heartfelt news conference Manchester Mayor Andy Burnham . " Even in the minutes after the attack , they opened their doors to strangers and drove them they from danger . They gave they best possible immediate response they those who seek to divide us , and it will be that spirit of Manchester that will prevail and hold us together , " he said . us response , US President Donald Trump offered his condolences to the victims at a US President Donald Trump conference Tuesday in the West Bank , a stop on his first overseas visit as President . US President Donald Trump So many young , beautiful , innocent people living and enjoying their lives murdered by evil losers , " Trump said alongside his Palestinian counterpart , US President Donald Trump Abbas . US President Donald Trump I wo n’t call them monsters because they ’d like that his Palestinian counterpart, Mahmoud Abbas . They his Palestinian counterpart, Mahmoud Abbas think that ’s a great his Palestinian counterpart, Mahmoud Abbas . I will call them , from now on , losers his Palestinian counterpart, Mahmoud Abbas because that ’s what they are . They ’re losers , his Palestinian counterpart, Mahmoud Abbas we ’ll his Palestinian counterpart, Mahmoud Abbas more of them . " Manchester links to radicalism his Palestinian counterpart, Mahmoud Abbas The Manchester incident comes nearly two months after Manchester assailant killed five people outside Parliament in London , the first    attack since the 2005 London bombings . Police conducted a series London raids in Manchester     which is home to a Manchester and    Muslim population     following that attack .   Earlier this year the first   attack since the 2005 London bombings Udeen    a     from Manchester , carried out a suicide bombing Manchester Iraq on behalf of ISIS . While Pakistani national and Manchester resident Abid Naseer was convicted of Manchester plot to bomb the city ’s central Arndale shopping center in 2015 . The attack also comes on the fourth anniversary the first   attack since the 2005 London bombings killing of British solider Lee Rigby . 
 