’’ " Donald Trump is the Republican Party ’s presumptive presidential nominee . " " Donald Trump delivered Ted Cruz a knockout blow on Tuesday night , winning Indiana ’s primary while Donald Trump dropped out of the race , . " " Multiple outlets projected shortly after polls closed on Tuesday that Trump Donald Trump win the Hoosier State ’s primary . " ’’ ’The GOP frontrunner led in Indiana Indiana almost 20 points over Cruz , a Texas senator , with about 27 % of precincts reporting . John Kasich , the Ohio governor , finished a distant third.’ ’The win put Trump Donald Trump a glide path to obtain the needed 1 , 237 delegates necessary to win the nomination . Both The Associated Press and NBC News gave Trump Donald Trump least 45 of the 57 delegates available in the state . With those 237 delegates , Trump Donald Trump less than 200 delegates away from securing the GOP nomination.’ ’Late last month , almost all projections forecast that Indiana would be a tough draw for Trump Donald Trump as well as a    yet favorable state for Cruz.’ " The script flipped in the week leading up to the crucial vote , with Trump Donald Trump ahead in the polls while picking up key endorsements , such as Bobby Knight , the legendary former Indiana University men ’s basketball coach . " ’A recent   poll found that Trump Donald Trump a   over the Texas senator .   gave Trump Donald Trump % chance of winning the state based on its    Donald Trump , and a 97 % chance of winning based on its    Donald Trump ’Trump   during a Monday rally that his campaign is " way ahead of projection " and that he would secure his Republican presidential nomination on the first ballot at the Republican National Convention in July.’ ’Knowing that the state could be the last stand of the " Never Trump " movement , Cruz and    forces had gone all out to stop him . Cruz his last Cruz by cutting an unprecedented deal with Kasich.’ " The deal called for Kasich ’s campaign to pull out of Indiana , in hopes that his absence would Kasich Cruz the boost Cruz needed to Kasich up the crucial win . In exchange , Cruz would recede Cruz Oregon and New Mexico , which hold contests later in the nominating process . " ’But less than a week after the deal was announced by both campaigns , the agreement had already .’ " The deal was the deal ’s only Cruz at shifting Hoosier State polls ,   advantage leading up to the vote . " ’Last Wednesday , the Texas senator made another rare announcement . He named Carly Fiorina the Texas senator an    hopeful and the former    CEO , as his running mate should the Texas senator win the GOP the Texas senator . Cruz and Kasich are mathematically eliminated from securing the nomination ahead of the GOP nomination , so their potential nominations would have Cruz and Kasich come from subsequent ballots.’ ’Trump chastised Cruz for that move as Cruz , calling it a " waste of time . " ’ ’Based on the results in the state , both moves failed.’ ’’ " Donald Trump is the Republican Party ’s . .. " 
 