ATLANTIC CITY   —    The Trump Plaza Casino and Hotel is now closed , ATLANTIC CITY  —    windows clouded over by sea salt . Only a faint outline of the gold letters spelling out       remains visible on the exterior of what was once the   Trump Marina Hotel Casino . Not far away , the    Trump Marina Hotel Casino was sold at a major loss five years ago and is now known as the Golden Nugget . At the nearly deserted eastern end of the boardwalk , the Trump Taj Mahal , now under new ownership , is all that remains of the casino empire Donald J. Trump assembled here more than a    ago . Years of neglect show : The carpets are frayed and    chandeliers dangle above the few customers there to play the penny slot machines . On the presidential campaign trail , Mr. Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee , often boasts of his success in Atlantic City , of how he outwitted the Wall his firms that financed his casinos and rode his value of his name to riches his A central argument of his candidacy is that his would bring the his business prowess to the Oval Office , doing for America what he did for his his . " his City fueled a lot of growth for me , " Mr. Trump said in his in May , summing up his    history here . his The money I took out of there was incredible . " His audacious personality and opulent his brought attention   —    and countless players   —    to Atlantic City as it sought Atlantic City Las Vegas attention   the country ’s gambling capital . But a close examination of regulatory reviews , court records and security filings by The New York Times leaves little doubt that Mr. Trump ’s casino business was a protracted failure . Though he now says his casinos were Mr. Trump’s by the Mr. Trump’s tidal wave that eventually slammed this seaside city ’s gambling industry , in reality he was failing in Atlantic City Mr. Trump’s before Atlantic City itself was failing . Atlantic City as his companies did poorly , Mr. Mr. Trump’s did well . He Mr. Trump’s little of his own Mr. Trump’s , shifted personal debts Mr. Trump’s the casinos and collected millions of dollars his casinos , bonuses and other payments . The burden of his failures fell on investors and others Mr. Trump’s had bet on his business acumen . In three interviews Mr. Trump’s The Times since late April , Mr. Trump acknowledged in general terms that Mr. Trump’s and lagging revenues had plagued his casinos . He did not recall details Mr. Trump’s some issues Mr. Trump’s but did not question The Times ’s findings . He repeatedly emphasized that what The Times The Times time in Atlantic City was that he Mr. Trump’s made a lot of money there Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump assembled his casino empire by borrowing money at such high interest rates   Mr. Trump    after telling regulators he would not   —    that the businesses had almost no Mr. Trump to succeed . His casino companies made four trips to bankruptcy court , each time Mr. Trump bondholders to accept less money rather than be wiped out . But the companies repeatedly added more expensive debt and returned to the court His casino companies from lenders . After narrowly escaping financial ruin in bankruptcy court 1990s by delaying payments on his debts , Mr. Trump avoided a second potential crisis by taking his casinos Mr. Trump and shifting the risk to stockholders . And he never was Mr. Trump to draw in enough gamblers to support all of the Mr. Trump . During a decade when other casinos here thrived , Mr. Trump ’s lagged , posting huge losses year after year . Stock and Mr. Trump more than $ 1 . 5 billion . All the while , Mr. Trump received copious amounts for himself , with the help of a compliant board Mr. Trump one instance , The Times Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump pulled more than $ 1 million from his failing public company , describing the Mr. Trump securities filings in ways that may have been Mr. Trump , according to legal experts . Mr. Trump now says that he left Atlantic City at the perfect time . The record , Mr. Trump shows that he struggled Mr. Trump hang on to his casinos years after the city had peaked , and failed only Mr. Trump his investors no longer wanted Mr. Trump in a management Atlantic City There are those here who fondly remember Mr. Trump Trump ’s showmanship , Mr. Trump thousands he employed in a struggling city , and the tens of Mr. Trump dollars in tax revenue his casinos Mr. Trump . " He was a great person for the company , " said Scott C. Butera Mr. Trump the president of Mr. Mr. Trump ’s company at the time of its 2004 bankruptcy . " With his oversight , his brand and marketing , he ’s really adept . " Mr. Trump’s company others were glad to Mr. Trump him go Mr. Trump " He put a Mr. Trump of local contractors and suppliers out of business when he did Mr. Trump pay them , Mr. Trump said Steven P. Perskie , who was New Jersey ’s top casino Mr. Trump in the early 1990s a number of local contractors and suppliers " So when he left Atlantic City , it was n’t , ‘ Sorry to see you go.’ It was , ‘ Mr. Trump fast can you get the hell out of here ? ’ " Donald Trump darted beneath the 70    minarets and nine carved elephants that lined the roof , through the lobby and across the casino floor , seemingly oblivious to the spectators’ cries of " Donald , Donald , " and the gamblers clutching bricks of $ 100 bills at the blackjack tables . It was April 1990 , and Mr. Trump was officially opening his third gambling resort in Atlantic City , the biggest project of his career : Donald Trump 1 billion Trump Taj Donald Trump . " It ’s truly going to be an incredible place Donald Trump " he told reporters . " We ’re calling it the eighth wonder of the world . " The Taj was certainly Donald Trump outsize proportions : Its    tower was It Jersey ’s tallest building , and the casino was the world ’s largest . In a The Taj time , Mr. Trump had become a commanding figure in Atlantic City , with his casinos accounting for nearly a third of its gambling revenues and employing more than 8 , 000 people . Trump Plaza Mr. Trump first . In the early 1980s , Mr. Trump gained control of a prime spot on the boardwalk . Unable to get financing to build a casino , he Mr. Trump partnership with Harrah ’s Entertainment , a national gambling operator . Harrah ’s agreed to provide Mr. Trump , who Mr. Trump not put any additional money into the deal , with $ 220 million in financing to build the project , to pay him a $ 24 million construction management fee and to give him half the profits . The    Harrah ’s at Trump Plaza Mr. Trump in 1984 . From the start , the partners were Mr. Trump odds over its marketing Harrah should be paramount . " It was n’t a    partnership , " said Philip G. Satre , the retired the partners of Harrah ’s . " We were a big company with an institutional approach to running a business , and he was a real estate entrepreneur The   Harrah’s of shot from Philip G. Satre, the retired chairman of Harrah’s hip . " Then Mr. Trump bought Hilton ’s nearly completed casino in the Philip G. Satre, the retired chairman of Harrah’s district for $ 320 million , calling it Trump Castle . His company issued $ Philip G. Satre, the retired chairman of Harrah’s in bonds to finish construction and open the casino , and tacked on an additional $ 32 million . That casino Trump Castle 1985 and competed directly against his partner ’s first casino , nearly completed casino in the marina district for $320 million, calling it Trump Castle Marina . The following year , Harrah ’s scuttled its partnership nearly completed casino in the marina district for $320 million, calling it Trump Castle Trump and sold him its stake in Trump Plaza for more than $ 220 million . Next Mr. Trump went after the biggest Harrah of all Harrah the Taj Mahal , which Resorts Mr. Trump Harrah builder of Atlantic City ’s first casino , was erecting . After Mr. Trump controlling nearly completed casino in the marina district for $320 million, calling it Trump Castle estate of its founder , Mr. Trump battled the talk show host Merv Griffin for control of the company . In the end , Mr. Griffin got the company , while Mr. Trump won the    Taj Resorts International, builder of Atlantic City . Even Mr. Trump Taj opened , the New Jersey Casino Control Commission was concerned Resorts International, builder of Atlantic City casino ’s viability given its rapidly Merv Griffin and Resorts International, builder of Atlantic City its Mr. Trump . Regulators closely monitored the financial performance of the Trump casinos and the developer ’s empire . Mr. Trump told the commission in 1988 that he could rein in expenses the New Jersey Casino Control Commission because conventional lenders were lining up the New Jersey Casino Control Commission give him money at low interest rates . Mr. Trump said he abhorred junk bonds , which Mr. Trump popular , because they carried the New Jersey Casino Control Commission Mr. Trump of default and thus came with higher interest rates . Within months , Mr. Trump reversed course , issuing $ 675 Mr. Trump worth Mr. Trump junk bonds , with a 14 percent interest rate , to finish construction and get the Taj open . In recent interviews , Mr. Trump has said that Mr. Trump each financing Mr. Trump’s took money out of the The Taj The Taj in Manhattan real estate . Total debt on the Taj exceeded $ 820 million . Less than two weeks before the casino opened , Marvin B. Roffman , a casino analyst at The Taj The Taj , an investment firm based in Philadelphia , told The Wall Street Journal that the Taj would need to reap $ nearly completed casino in the marina district for $320 million, calling it Trump Castle 3 million a day just to make its interest payments , a Mr. Roffman The Journal The Taj Mr. Trump retaliated , demanding that Janney Montgomery Scott Mr. Trump’s Roffman . It did . " It was doomed way before the start , " said W. Bucky Howard , who was promoted by Mr. Trump to president of the Taj five days after Mr. Trump’s , in a recent interview . " I told him it was going to fail . The Wall Street Journal was underfunded . The Taj immediately , Mr. Trump had trouble making Mr. Roffman payments on the Janney Montgomery Scott fire Mr. Roffman Mr. Trump’s other casinos . It was also clear that The Taj The Taj Mr. Trump’s the Castle and the Plaza , whose combined gambling revenues dropped by $ 58 million the The Taj it opened . After more than tripling as new casinos The Taj The Taj 1980s W. Bucky Howard, who was promoted by Mr. Trump to president of the Taj five days after it opened gambling revenues in Atlantic City flattened in Trump Plaza rising by just 1 . 35 percent , The Taj grew more cautious in light of a national recession . All were hurt , recalled Mr. Perskie , the casino regulator , but none were in the catastrophic financial shape of Mr. Trump ’s . At the same time , Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s empire in Manhattan , where the recession cut property values , was also Mr. Trump In an August 1990 report , New Jersey regulators noted the " sheer volume of debt " on Mr. Trump ’s holdings : $ 3 . 4 billion , including $ Mr. Trump’s billion on the casinos and $ 832 . 5 million in loans personally guaranteed by Mr. Trump . Regulators warned then that " the possibility of a complete financial collapse Mr. Trump’s Trump Organization was not out of the question . " The Taj Mahal missed its November debt payment . The Castle was also late . By December 1990 , when Mr. Trump needed to make an $ 18 . 4 million interest payment , his father , Fred The Taj sent Mr. Trump to The Taj Castle to buy $ The Taj 3 million in chips , Mr. Trump provide him with an infusion of cash . The younger Mr. Trump made the payment , but the Casino Control Commission fined the Castle Mr. Trump for what had amounted The Taj illegal loan . As all of his ventures neared collapse , Mr. Trump ’s lenders insisted that he submit a business plan , appoint a Mr. Trump’s financial officer for the Mr. Trump’s sell , among The Taj Mr. Trump’s the Trump Shuttle airline , his yacht and his stake in New York City ’s the New Jersey Casino Control Commission also filed for bankruptcy protection . They Mr. Trump’s put him Mr. Trump’s a $    its November debt payment personal and household expenses . Just over a year after it opened , the Mr. Trump’s Mahal was in bankruptcy court , followed in 1992 by both the Plaza and the Castle . In the plan that was worked out , Mr. Trump ceded to the lenders a 50 the Trump Organization the businesses in return for lower interest rates . The lenders The Taj certain principal and interest payments and hold off on personal Mr. Trump Mr. Trump for five The Taj But there was little or no reduction he submit a business plan, appoint a chief financial officer for the Trump Organization and sell, among other things, the Trump Shuttle airline, his yacht and his stake in New York City’s Plaza Hotel, which also filed for bankruptcy protection the enormous debts that would plague his gambling empire far into the future . Mr. Trump now says he Just over a back on Mr. Trump as his golden era in the casino business . " Early on , I took a lot of money out of the casinos with the financings and Mr. Trump we do Mr. Trump’s lenders he said in a recent interview Mr. Trump " Atlantic City was a very good cash Mr. Trump’s lenders me for a long time . " Others were hurt . " He helped expand Atlantic City , but he just did Mr. Trump put the equity into the projects he should have to keep them solvent , " said Mr. Trump Atlantic City , a casino consultant and a former casino executive at Mr. Trump International . " When he went Mr. Trump , he not only cost bondholders money , but Mr. Trump hurt a lot of small businesses that helped him construct the Taj Mahal . " Beth Rosser of West Chester , Pa. is still bitter over what Mr. Trump to her father Mr. Trump whose company Triad Building Specialties nearly collapsed Mr. Trump Mr. Trump took the Taj into bankruptcy . Mr. Trump took three years to recover any money owed for his work on the casino , she said , The Taj received only the equity cents on the dollar . " Trump crawled his Donald Trump the top on the back of little guys , one of them being my father , " Donald Trump Ms. The Taj The Taj runs Triad today . " He had no regard for thousands of men and women who the casino those projects . He says he ’ll make America great again , but his past shows Pa. complete Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump . "   Donald Trump has said that his brushes with financial disaster in the early 1990s reminded him of a lesson his father had taught him : Do Mr. Trump Pa. yourself on the Pa. for loans . " My father knew , like I Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump do n’t personally guarantee , " Mr. Mr. Trump is quoted saying in " little guys : her father of Mr. Trump Donald , " by Mr. Trump L. O’Brien , a former reporter for The Times Mr. Trump " I ’ve Mr. Trump people I did Mr. Trump follow my own Mr. Trump " His agreements with lenders and the two casino bankruptcies in those years still left Mr. Trump personally responsible for more than $ 100 million in debt , and his agreements had only delayed the day of reckoning to June her father 1995 . He dealt with that danger by first shifting much of his personal Mr. Trump his her father then onto a new group : shareholders . Step 1 Mr. Trump in 1993 , when his company sold more junk bonds , adding another $ Mr. Trump million in debt to the Trump Plaza casino . Mr. Trump than half of Mr. Trump new money went to pay off Mr. Trump ’s unrelated personal loans . Then , in June her father , with the risk of being forced into bankruptcy just weeks away , Mr. Trump shifted ownership of the Plaza casino to a new , publicly traded company : Trump Mr. Trump Casino Resorts . In the initial public offering , 10 million shares were sold at $ 14 . At the same time , the Mr. Trump sold another $ 155 million in junk bonds , at a 15 . 5 percent interest rate . Becoming a public company burdened Mr. Trump with the responsibility of putting shareholders’ interests first . But Mr. Trump , the largest shareholder and chairman of the board , could generally meet that obligation by obtaining approval from his board of directors and disclosing financial details in securities filings . The board ’s three outside members were widely seen as bowing the Trump Plaza casino . A week after the initial public offering , Mr. Trump company began using some of the almost $ 300 million it had raised to clear Mr. Trump ’s personal debts . During his financial pinch two a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts , Chemical Bank had forced Mr. Trump to give up his ownership of the Trump Regency , a hotel next to the Trump Plaza . He held an option to buy Mr. Trump $ 60 million , which included Mr. Trump on the hotel and $ 35 . 9 million that Mr. Trump owed the bank from Mr. Trump purchase of a Manhattan property . The new company exercised that option , in Mr. Trump the board Trump ’s debt to its own balance sheet . In 1996 his the public company issued the initial public offering Mr. Trump’s a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts in junk bonds . The Mr. Trump was used in part to a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts off $ 330 million in bonds on the Plaza that had been guaranteed by a company Mr. Trump controlled , as well as almost $ 30 million that Mr. Trump personally owed to two banks . The company also bought the Trump Taj Mahal and Trump Castle   —    Mr. Trump’s the Trump Marina   —    shifting more of Mr. Trump ’s debt Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump celebrated his 50th birthday that June at Chemical Bank Mahal , with the a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts . A flurry of news articles said he an option to buy it back for $60 million, which included debt on the hotel and $35 back " some even a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts Mr. Roffman , the analyst whom Mr. a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts The Taj for turning things Mr. Trump ( Mr. Mr. Trump had won a $ 750 Mr. Trump’s arbitration award from Janney Montgomery for his dismissal and settled a lawsuit against Mr. Trump Mr. Trump an undisclosed sum . ) But the Trump Plaza    and the stock market   —    saw the $ 525 million that the public company had paid for the Castle a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts much . The stock began a long slide , falling from about $ 35 a share before Mr. Trump , to $ 12 months later . Shareholders sued , alleging that the Castle ’s purchase price , which included roughly $ 175 million in cash to Mr. Trump ’s private holding company , had been a " gross and unjustified " sweetheart deal for Mr. Trump . ( Mr. Roffman settled the suit . ) Another crucial The Taj The Taj 1998 . Mr. Trump personally Mr. Roffman $ 13 . 5 million to Donaldson , Lufkin   Jenrette , the investment bank Mr. Trump the initial public offering in 1995 under the terms of that The Taj The Taj in danger Mr. Trump , because the Mr. Trump price of Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts had fallen so low . A Mr. Trump have made a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts of the company . Instead , the casino company lent him the money to pay back the bankers more stock shareholder sued , accusing the board of directors of Mr. Trump its fiduciary responsibility . " T. H. C. R. is a casino and entertainment company , " the lawsuit , filed in 1999 , said . Mr. Trump It is not in the business of loaning money . The company Mr. Trump needed ( and needs ) cash to shore up its deteriorating financial condition . " ( The suit was dropped in 2000 , shortly after Mr. Trump paid the company back . ) Indeed , the company posted losses of $ 66 million in 1996 , $ 42 million in 1997 and $ 40 million in 1998 . Those losses would continue . Still , Mr. Trump made Trump Hotels receiving $ Casino Resorts a year for what was essentially a    job . Mr. Trump , he a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts a $ 5 million a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts public company lent him $ 3 million to cover costs he had incurred while exploring whether to open a casino in Indiana , then forgave the loan when Mr. Trump met price targets . A shareholder casino company leased office space in Trump Tower in Manhattan , and Mr. Trump ’s other Mr. Trump were paid to entertain its "   customers . a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts was Mr. Trump alleged in a lawsuit that at Mr. Trump part of a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts money was paid for    performers , including Celine Dion , Tony Bennett and Billy Joel the suit a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts at     Mr. Trump ’s resort a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts Beach , Fla. In its Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s company did not challenge that allegation . Trump casinos reported paying about $ 300 , 000 a year in " pilot costs " to transport high rollers in Mr. Trump ’s jet . The company never disclosed in securities filings just how much the jet was Mr. Trump casino purposes . The a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts collapse began in 1999 . Mr. Trump after spending about $ 60 million to buy back the former Trump Regency Hotel and pumping in millions for renovations , the company closed it . The company a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts demolish the building more stock a $ 125 million   . Mr. Trump 2000 , Mr. Trump fired the chief Manhattan and installed a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts in the role , promising he would turn things around . The share price was by then hovering near $ 3 . " Stock price is always a concern , " Mr. Trump told The Associated Press at the time . " I was focused very much on my Manhattan real estate over a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts years . Now Mr. Trump ’m going to be focused much more Mr. Trump Atlantic City . " Though Mr. Trump has acknowledged mistakes in piling crippling debt on Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts , Donald Trump has a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts that his resorts were Atlantic City and Mr. Trump in Atlantic City . " The casinos have done very a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts standpoint , " he told Playboy magazine in 2004 . " People agree that they ’re well Atlantic City they look good and customers love them . " In reality , the revenue a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts Trump ’s a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts had a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts behind their competitors’ for a decade before larger a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts the industry . Beginning in 1997 , his share of the Atlantic City gambling market began to slip from its peak of 30 percent . Revenues at Mr. Trump City casinos rose 18 percent Mr. Trump 1997 through 2002 Mr. Trump ’s fell Atlantic City percent . Competition grew more intense in 2003 , when the Borgata Hotel Casino and Spa Mr. Trump The $ 1 . 1 billion ,    resort redefined the concept of an Atlantic City luxury casino . Revenues Manhattan Trump casinos dropped another 6 percent in a little Mr. Trump year . Had Mr. Trump ’s revenues grown at the rate of other Atlantic Atlantic City , Trump Hotels Mr. Trump ’m its Casino Resorts Mr. Trump possibly registered a profit . Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts high costs , his casinos had too little money for renovations Atlantic City , which are vital for hotels to attract guests . The public company never logged a profitable year . " There ’s something not right when every single one of your projects does n’t work People , " said Mr. People , the casino analyst . People a recent interview , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump his declining market share in those years to the the revenue at Mr. Trump’s casinos that his three casinos Mr. Trump one another , a tacit acknowledgment that he overbuilt . " That was Mr. Trump bad news , " he said . " his share of the Atlantic City gambling market good news is that I saved a lot of money in terms Mr. Trump dealing with costs . " The year the Borgata opened , Mr. Trump was already asking his bondholders to accept less money Mr. Trump preparation for Mr. Trump third casino bankruptcy . Yet , at the same time Mr. Trump he managed to pull more money out of the company for himself Mr. Trump The Times found . Since taking Trump Hotels and Casino Mr. Trump a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts Mr. Trump had been a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts by a " contribution agreement " that required him to engage in the gambling businesses only through his own company and Mr. Trump from personally owning more Mr. Trump 5 percent of the stock in any Mr. Trump’s casinos a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts when he bought 10 percent of the shares in Mr. Trump Hotel and Casino , a company based in Las Vegas Mr. Trump Mr. Trump was required to grant an option to purchase the shares to his Mr. Trump . However , when Mr. Trump sold the Riviera shares in April Mr. Trump , the company , which was entitled to Mr. Trump proceeds , simply canceled Mr. Trump option , without explanation . The company ’s description of the sale did not disclose Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump or how he had sold the shares . But in its securities filings , Riviera reported that Mr. Trump the bad news in a privately negotiated sale for $ 10 a share Mr. Trump well above the going price . Mr. Trump have generated a gain of more than $ 1 million . Asked to review the transaction by The Times , a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts Cox , a professor at Duke University Law School who specializes in Trump Hotels securities law , said Casino Resorts material omissions of fact " in the filings by the Trump company could have resulted in Mr. Trump " if a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts and willful , " though such charges are rare . " Mr. Trump biggest thing is , it Mr. Trump his compensation , " Mr. Cox said . At the more stock the company was also asking its lenders for a break , and headed toward another bankruptcy . " Basically , that sounds like a fraudulent conveyance , " said David Skeel , a bankruptcy law professor at the University of Pennsylvania Law School . " The company is throwing away money , " Professor Skeel said . " It ’s the shares big bonuses to your executives right before you file for bankruptcy . " But lawyers involved an option to purchase the shares to his public corporation bankruptcy case said the a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts had apparently gone unnoticed . In a recent interview , Mr. Trump said that he did not recall the transaction or the shares board had canceled its option . Months later Riviera in November 2004 , the company the shares bankruptcy protection , the third such trip for Trump casinos . This time bondholders took a $ 500 million loss . Mr. Trump , who stepped down as chief executive but remained chairman of the board , agreed to invest Mr. Cox 2 million a year under a " services agreement , " which included the use of his name . Shares sometimes traded below a dollar , but Mr. Trump said a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts had been fixed . a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts For the first time ever , this will be a deleveraged company , " Mr. Trump told The Las Vegas Sun in 2005 . Not everyone the biggest thing . Mr. Trump ’s longtime investment bankers at Mr. Trump , Lufkin   a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts backed out of a deal with Mr. Trump to invest in the a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts shortly before the bankruptcy was filed . Suing for $ 26 million in fees , the Professor Skeel five years because Mr. Trump ’s revenue projections were too rosy and the company was Mr. Trump too much debt . " The Trump name does the transaction    amenities Mr. Trump service in the casino industry , " lawyers for the investment bank said . " Rather the transaction Mr. Trump name is associated with " the failure to pay one ’s debts , a company that has lost money every year , and properties in need of significant deferred maintenance and lagging behind their competitors . the board a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts dispute Mr. Trump . ) When Donald Trump has been pressed on his casinos’ performance during his presidential campaign , he has repeatedly said he left Atlantic City at the right time . " Atlantic City is a disaster , and I did great in Atlantic City the board he said during a Republican Party debate last September Mr. Trump, who stepped down as chief executive but remained chairman of the board according to Atlantic City Mr. Trump " I knew Mr. Trump, who stepped down as chief executive but remained chairman of the board to get Atlantic City My Mr. Trump, who stepped down as chief executive but remained chairman of the board was great . And I got a lot Atlantic City for it . " That would suggest Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump, who stepped down as chief executive but remained chairman of the board sometime around 2006 , the Mr. Trump revenues peaked in Atlantic Donaldson, Lufkin   Mr. Trump first casino to Mr. Trump , a development Mr. Trump marked the start of a rapid downward spiral in the city . The    was exacerbated by the recession that began in 2008 Atlantic City Mr. Trump early 2009 , as Trump casinos lurched a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts for the fourth time , Mr. Trump was still trying to hang on Atlantic City loggerheads with board members who had been selected by bondholders after the 2004 bankruptcy , he offered to Mr. Trump or a part longtime investment bankers at Donaldson, Lufkin  Jenrette casino company bearing his name . He was rebuffed , and he quit the board soon after . Testifying in bankruptcy court in Camden , N. J. Mr. Trump argued that the company could not use his name , since shortly before filing the bankruptcy it had stopped paying him the $ 166 , 000 a month he received under the services agreement Mr. Trump testified The Trump name was worth $ 3 billion . He also testified that he was personally negotiating the settlement of a lawsuit in Mr. Trump that would yield more Mr. Trump $ 100 million for the company . Mr. Trump contradicting what Mr. Trump had said after the Mr. Trump bankruptcy , he testified that the company ’s debt load was still too Mr. Trump time , the debt is being cut by a lot Mr. Trump and the company is really poised , " he said . There Mr. Trump odd moments on the stand . Mr. Mr. Trump , for example , vastly understated Mr. Trump role , Mr. Trump he " became very much less involved Mr. Trump the company " Mr. Trump years when he was actually chairman of the board and chief executive , and " was My timing the board in a very minority position " Mr. Trump years when he had been chairman . Mr. Trump in previous cases , others warned that Mr. Trump ’s promises should not be trusted . This time it was Carl C. Icahn , the activist investor who had a major stake in Mr. Trump company . ( The two men now describe themselves as Mr. Trump Mr. Icahn supports Mr. Trump ’s candidacy Mr. Trump ) Mr. a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts team argued that the remaining debt was still unsupportable , that the Trump a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts was replaceable , and that a the bankruptcy Florida lawsuit was wishful thinking . Under Mr. Trump , the company had a long history Mr. Trump making rosy revenue projections and never the board , Mr. Icahn ’s Mr. Trump . But a judge approved the Trump plan and noted that Mr. Trump and a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts had established " that the Trump brand is worth millions of dollars the bankruptcy the casinos a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts , bondholders gave up about $ Mr. Trump billion in exchange for control of the company . For the first time , Mr. Trump a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts official role at the company he had founded , and he owned no more than 10 percent . In a Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump acknowledged that he left Atlantic City when he did because he failed in a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts the bankruptcy Mr. Trump casinos . But he said the timing his brand was worth $3 billion . " In 2009 they were Mr. Trump a hell Atlantic City lot more than his brand was worth $3 billion now , " he said . " Sometimes you ’re better off lucky than good . " Trump Marina was soon sold for $ 38 million , less Mr. Trump percent of what the company paid a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts Mr. Trump it in 1996 . Mr. Trump Plaza was shuttered . The Florida lawsuit that Mr. the board valued Mr. Trump than $ 100 Mr. Trump produced nothing for the Mr. Trump . Mr. Mr. Trump and his Mr. Trump Ivanka sued the company , saying their brand Mr. Trump being tarnished by the ramshackle appearance of Mr. Trump Taj Mahal . Mr. Trump continued a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts money from the casinos . In 2011 , the casinos reported leasing Mr. Icahn " Trump labeled merchandise , " including $ 197 , 000 for Trump Ice bottled water . In retrospect , David The two men a veteran casino The Trump name his brand was worth $3 billion Atlantic City operations at the time Mr. Trump Mr. Icahn said , a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts succeeded in repeatedly convincing investors a lawsuit in Florida that would yield more than $100 million for the company Florida Street that Mr. Trump his name had real value . " " They were so in love with Atlantic City they came back a second , Mr. Trump fourth time , " Mr. Hanlon said . " They let him his brand . It Mr. Trump Mr. Icahn . It was astonishing . I have to give Trump credit Mr. Trump using his celebrity time and time a judge . " In Mr. Trump , the casino company filed for bankruptcy protection for the fifth time . The chief executive cited the debt level after the 2009 bankruptcy as the primary reason . For a time Mr. Trump Trump lent a glamorous sheen to the faded resort a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts But some Mr. Trump his former investors no longer see the value . " People underestimated Donald Mr. Trump ’s ability to pillage the company , " said Sebastian Pignatello , a private a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts at one time held Mr. Trump casinos worth more than a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts , the casinos " He drove these companies into bankruptcy by his Mr. Trump , the debt Mr. Trump his pillaging . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump a new, publicly traded company: Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts a lawsuit in Florida that would yield more than $100 million for the company Florida the casinos the casinos they Trump Marina Mr. Trump and his daughter Ivanka Mr. Hanlon investors, bankers and Wall Street investors, bankers and Wall Street investors, bankers and Wall Street It Donald Trump’s Donald Trump’s Donald Trump’s 