  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump kept President Donald Trump decision to fire FBI Director James Comey extraordinarily close to the vest in the 48 hours leading up to the stunning announcement , people close to the White House said , before ultimately concluding that FBI Director James Comey " was FBI Director James Comey own man " and could not be trusted in a role so pivotal to the presidency . A longtime friend who talked to President Donald Trump over the weekend described him President Donald Trump " white hot , " a mood that set the table for Comey President Donald Trump firing . Trump did not seek a wide range of viewpoints on Comey President Donald Trump several people familiar with the matter told CNN , unlike his Trump on many difficult choices .   Whether sending more troops to Afghanistan or deciding whether to withdraw from the Paris climate accord , the Trump embraces opposing positions , but on Comey Comey’s was little room for debate inside the West Wing . White House chief of staff Reince Priebus initially warned of risks associated with abruptly dismissing Comey Comey’s the fallout for Trump ’s legislative agenda     but people familiar with the decision said it was unclear the decision forcefully Priebus argued his White House chief of staff Reince Priebus when White House chief of staff Reince Priebus became clear White House chief of staff Reince Priebus President was insistent on firing Comey . " He was n’t Comey a good job , " Trump said Wednesday Trump the Oval Office when asked about Comey . Comey’s Very simply , he was not Comey a good job . " Those sparse words were all the President had to say about why he fired Comey all the President Comey’s from several messages on Twitter . He did not all the President two critical questions about Comey ’s Comey’s Why and why now ? " The President had lost all the President Director Comey , Comey’s House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Wednesday . " Frankly he ’d been considering letting Director " White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders go since Comey’s he was elected . " Comey’s people familiar with the decision say the President grew increasingly frustrated at Comey all the President congressional hearing Comey’s Wednesday when he testified all the President he was Wednesday nauseous all the President over the all the President that he helped sway the election . Even the all the President care victory in the House one day later could n’t take his mind off Comey , two people close all the President Trump said . " He would n’t hear it Comey’s that he should be encouraged ) Comey’s " the friend said . " It ’s Russia . Russia . Trump and Russia it " The President Russia , Trump about Russia ’s " mildly nauseous Comey’s answer and said his answer when pressed on Comey’s convinced the President he was far less concerned Comey’s the leaks than The President he should be . Communications Comey’s kept in dark Trump One reason the administration underestimated the explosive fallout , several people close to the White House said , because few seasoned political hands were closely involved in the decision . The White House communications team was kept almost entirely out of the Communications team the White House close to the White House , speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations , described it as the White House dispiriting turn of events when they were called to defend and explain one of internal deliberations most controversial decisions of Trump ’s young presidency " Several people close to the White House almost the same time he pulled the trigger . " More than 24 hours later , the White House was still explaining the timeline of the Comey decision . Senior administration officials initially insisted on the White House was following the recommendation of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein by firing Comey . The White House , by Wednesday , said the President had long been leery of Comey , despite repeatedly Comey he the White House in him , and finally made a the President had been mulling all year Comey Both explanations were undercut Comey the president ’s own Comey to Comey , which made clear Comey investigation was at the root of his frustration . " While I greatly appreciate you informing me , on three separate occasions , that I am not under investigation Comey " Trump wrote . " I nevertheless concur with the judgment of the Department of Justice that you are not able to effectively lead the Bureau . " The White House declined to produce evidence of the three separate occasions the president referenced . Asked whether the president regretted not firing Comey immediately upon taking office , Sanders had a quick answer . " No , " Sanders said . the president think the president wanted to give Director Comey a chance . " Trump has over the course of past couple Sanders several times expressed frustration " the president n’t all just make Comey away . "    " He was mad at Sessions when he recused . Really mad , " the Trump said . " Mad at his lawyer and the staff . Mad Comey you guys on TV . Comey at the committees . Mad at Comey . " 
 Comey 