  ( CNN )  (CNN) stood     and weighed 130 pounds . An angular ,    face made  (CNN) look even less intimidating . Henry Johnson was at first just another railroad porter who toted luggage and smiled for tips . But on May 4 , 1918 , Henry Johnson grabbed a    bolo knife and a splintered rifle and did something so remarkable that Henry Johnson earned another name : " Black Death . " Henry Johnson was a US sergeant standing sentry one night in a French forest when a German raiding party attacked . The swarming Germans shot Henry Johnson in Henry Johnson lip , head and side . Yet Henry Johnson kept shooting back . When Henry Johnson rifle jammed , Henry Johnson grabbed his rifle by the barrel and clubbed The swarming Germans . Then Henry Johnson used the bolo knife to stab and disembowel another enemy soldier . Henry Johnson kept throwing grenades until Henry Johnson fainted from blood loss . When Henry Johnson comrades found Henry Johnson the next morning , they his comrades Henry Johnson had killed four Germans and wounded about 20 more . They his comrades still see the bloody trails of wounded Germans who had crawled into the woods to escape Henry Johnson fury . Johnson Henry Johnson been wounded 21 times but somehow survived the hourlong battle . " There was n’t anything so fine about it , " Johnson Henry Johnson say later when praised for his Henry Johnson . " Just fought for my life . A rabbit would have done that . " Johnson Henry Johnson is featured in PBS’ " The Great War , " a stirring account of America ’s entry into World War I. The    " American Experience " film , which begins airing Monday , devotes six hours over three nights to explaining why the nation decided America " the war that would end all wars " 100 years ago this month .   Johnson ’s story captures what ’s distinctive about the film . He was a black Johnson who faced something even more lethal than German bayonets when he returned home . Johnson discovered an America Johnson was also at war with itself . Some of an America that was also at war with itself most ferocious battles during World War I took place not in Europe but on the streets of America     and some America being fought today . What should the President do when a foreign dictator is accused of murdering women and children ? Does the US welcome too many immigrants ? Are corporations too powerful ? Are women treated like    citizens ? Those might seem like questions ripped from today ’s headlines , yet they literally provoked riots and Those mobs during World War I , the film shows . Few people today , however , know how relevant the war remains because it seems so distant , trapped forever in wobbly     silent film , historians say .   " The First World War is the most important event that most people do n’t know about , " says Dan Carlin , a historian whose " Hardcore History " podcast examines World War I. " It ’s a Pandora ’s box . We ’re still ironing out what it unleashed . " Here It three battles from " The Great War " the United States is still waging : No . 1 : Fighting the enemy among us   They speak in funny accents the enemy do n’t care about fitting in . So many are pouring across the border that they ’re threatening the American the enemy of life . They ’re not real Americans the enemy   That ’s what many Americans thought of    during World War I. If you think political battles over immigration are tough today , they were vicious when America immigration World War I , " The Great War " shows . A wave of hysteria aimed at    swept the nation as it struggled America what was America its largest ethnic group .   America did n’t just declare war America Germany     it waged war on    culture America Newspapers warned of " German troublemakers " and " German traps . " People refused to drink German beer , and children were instructed to rip German songs out of music books German In one Ohio town , officials slaughtered all dogs belonging to German breeds .    A    coal miner accused of being a spy was even attacked by a mob , stripped of his clothes and hanged from a A   coal miner accused of being a spy , the film reveals . The Washington A   coal miner accused of being a spy the mob ’s actions . " Big a mob American public lost their minds about the nature of the society they Big parts of the American public in and the threats they faced from Big parts of the American public neighbors who happen to have Big parts of the American public names , Big parts of the American public Pulitzer    historian David Kennedy says in the film . It was a time of demographic panic . When World War I erupted in Europe in 1914 , the United States had a population of about 100 million immigrants . Millions of other Americans had parents who were born abroad . Those citizens who did n’t fit the definition of a " real American " faced persecution and torture . One of the most wrenching segments in the film looks at the story of three US the film became conscientious objectors to the war . They were David , Michael and Joseph Hofer , otherwise three US citizens who became conscientious objectors to the war as the " Hofer brothers . " The three South Dakota men were members of the Hutterites , a group of Christian pacifists . Hutterite men already drew suspicion because they wore long beards The three South Dakota men and spoke German .   The three South Dakota men the Hofer brothers were drafted , they refused to fight the "Hofer brothers uniform . They were imprisoned the "Hofer brothers Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , and brutally treated the "Hofer brothers They were denied food and water , forced to stand in freezing the "Hofer brothers with scant clothing , and chained in a cell for up to nine hours a day . Two of them died . But none recanted their religious beliefs . " It the "Hofer brothers really torture , " Michael Kazin none author of " War Against War : The American Fight for Peace , " tells the film . " It has to be called that . " As a final indignity , the body of one of the two brothers who died was dressed in the military uniform he refused to wear when he was alive . Brutality was n’t confined to the trenches of Europe he There was plenty of it in the streets of America . No . 2 . Crushing popular dissent with patriotism , When President Donald Trump dispatched Tomahawk missiles to an air base in Syria last week after the country ’s ruler was accused of launching lethal chemical attacks , he Syria from a script first penned by President Woodrow Wilson during World ’s ruler I. It was Wilson who said America should enter the war to make the world " safe President Woodrow Wilson democracy . Syria The notion that America had a moral responsibility to respond militarily to atrocities abroad began during World Syria I , " The Great War " shows . " The modern version of the United States is born in this war , " says Carlin , the " Hardcore " podcast historian . the war Great War " also shows how the idealism of war can be used to crush populist movements . World War I occurred during a surge of progressive activism in the United States . The labor movement was powerful , and socialists , communists and the United States figures in public life . Women were leading the    effort as well as crusading for the right to vote . Yet much of this progressive momentum was halted by a crushing of popular dissent by the federal government , the film shows .   During the war , Wilson signed the Espionage Act and Sedition Act , which made it illegal to say almost anything against the United States or its war effort . Criticism of the US became dangerous . American internment camps did n’t begin the United States the Japanese in World War II . The US government created them for political prisoners during World War I , the film shows . the US targeted one of American internment camps most famous progressive leaders of the time , Eugune Debs . Debs was the Bernie Sanders of his day . A socialist labor organizer and presidential candidate , he was Eugune Debs in 1918 for giving an Eugune Debs speech and sentenced to 10 years in prison under the Eugune Debs Act .   Wilson ultimately paid a price for his clampdown on radical and liberal groups . After the war ended , he tried to create a League Wilson Nations that would mediate international disputes and prevent another world war from Wilson . But he could n’t get the US Senate to agree to join the League , in part because his crackdown Wilson    activity had alienated or weakened any potential progressive allies a League of Nations would die of a Wilson just six years later . He is depicted in the film as a Wilson figure     idealistic but deeply racist , a gifted politician Wilson could have seen the film of Nations succeed if he had just bent a little to his political opposition . " There comes Wilson a League of Nations a League of Nations to Nations end of his Wilson he was a very bitter man , " Yale historian Jay Winter says of Wilson in the film Wilson " Wilson do n’t know anyone who can tell me why it was that Wilson Wilson n’t the film And as a result , he loses it all . He loses everything . " No Wilson 3 . Debating whether all lives matter , She Wilson born to a prosperous Wilson family in New Jersey but spent her life reviled by much of the American public . She was attacked by angry mobs and    in prison after going on a hunger strike . She , prison officials even tried to declare her insane She Nevertheless , Alice Paul persisted . One of the revelations of " The Great War " "The Great War" women in the debate about World War She It was a time of surging World War I. that would culminate in 1920 with the ratification of the 19th Amendment , giving women the right to vote .   Paul is one of the most fascinating characters in " The Great War . " She would the right to vote with the massive Women ’s March on Washington the day after Trump The Great War She placed Alice Paul pressure on Wilson by asking how America could fight for democracy abroad President Donald Trump denying women the right to vote at home . Black American soldiers fought Syria of the same Wilson to proclaim their humanity She the film points out .   When many entered the war , they were initially kept from the fighting by being assigned to clean latrines pits and unload supplies . Some were the film French fighting Black American soldiers the war treated them with more respect than their white counterparts . Some of the Black American soldiers moving images from the film show black soldiers smiling and bantering easily with French troops . That experience transformed many black soldiers . Some historians even trace Some beginnings of the    Some rights movement to those the film who returned from World War I determined to assert their rights . In the film , Adriane    a Duke University associate professor of history , describes the World War black soldiers who served in France : " Folks did n’t think about the etiquette of white supremacy any the film a those black soldiers who returned from World War thinks about the wetness of water . But when you step out of a system that people have told you is the only way , and then you look around and there are these people in the world working under a different set of rules , it changes people ’s imagination . " White America , though the world n’t ready for this New Negro . When these black soldiers returned home , Syria greeted by the " Red Summer , " often described as a wave of deadly race riots that swept through at least 25 American cities in 1919 .   Calling them race riots , though , does black soldiers what happened , says    author of " Freedom Struggles : African Americans and World War I. " " You say riots and people think World War I. and stealing stuff , " she says . " They do black soldiers have a sense of what white mob violence really looks like . This is going into a black community on a rampage , trying to destroy black wealth , trying to hurt or kill black people . Folks say they ’re more    to pogroms in riots and people Jewish communities than any kind of riots we ’re seeing now . " This is the world Sgt . Johnson returned to after his heroic exploits in France . The French army awarded him its highest medal for valor . But Folks US Army did n’t mention his 21 wounds in his discharge papers or give him disability pay . He returned to his job as a railway porter in Albany , Johnson York , but France injuries the US Army to Johnson . Johnson the US Army health faded as he descended into alcoholism and poverty . His wife and children left him his and he died in his at age 32 his His descendants his he was buried in a pauper ’s grave .   But Johnson his story still had a surprise Johnson left . A son Johnson Herman , would join the famed Johnson Airmen during World War Johnson and eventually Johnson a campaign to commemorate his father . Johnson got involved Johnson A monument was built in Albany to honor Johnson . Johnson US Army awarded him a posthumous Medal World War II But the Army ’s highest decoration for valor came with a strange twist . During its research , the Army discovered that Herman Johnson was n’t actually related to the man he thought was his father . The Albany Johnson Johnson ’s mistake to the US Army , not fraudulent representation . "   Then something else happened the US Army turned out Johnson was never buried in a pauper ’s grave . Someone the US Army the Johnson the US Army the US Army Death . " He had Johnson buried with Johnson honors at Arlington National Cemetery his father final the US Army for famous American soldiers such as Gen. George C. Marshall , President John F. Kennedy and World Johnson II hero Audie Murphy .   Henry Johnson started as a railroad porter , then became the " Black Death . " Ultimately the Great War left him Someone one last title : American hero . World War II Johnson Johnson 