Washington ( CNN ) The inaugural committee for    Donald Trump is out with The inaugural committee for   Donald Trump initial offerings to donors     and for major money , supporters will have prime access to the administration and first families .   According to a copy of the " 58th Presidential Inaugural Committee Underwriter Benefits " brochure obtained by CNN , for $ 1 million , donors will get tickets to a luncheon with Cabinet appointees and congressional leadership , dinner with the Vice    and    wife , lunch with the first families , tickets to an " elegant " " candlelight dinner " featuring " special appearances by " Trump , Melania Trump , Mike Pence and Trump, Melania Trump wife , Karen Pence , and tickets to the parade , swearing in concert and ball .   The brochure also offers various versions of the package for the $ 500 , 000 , $ 250 , 000 , $ 100 , 000 and $ 25 , 000 price points . All the packages include travel bookings and tickets to various events , with decreasing amounts of tickets and less access . While $ 250 , 000 and up includes the " candlelight " dinner and first family luncheon , less than that only gets access to the official inaugural events and , for $ 100 , 000 donors , the Cabinet .   The inaugural committee is a separate entity from the campaign and the transition , and can raise money as The inaugural committee sees fit , though donors and bundlers of $ 200 or more will be made public .   The inaugural committee is chaired by wealthy investment executive Tom Barrack , a friend of Trump ’s who spoke at the Republican convention this summer .    The inaugural committee The inaugural committee was authentic , but said it was subject to change the document The document was first reported the document Center for Public Integrity .   " The Inaugural events are , to a large extent , privately funded so as to not use taxpayer dollars , " said committee spokesman Boris Epshteyn in a statement . " For the 58th Presidential Inaugural , any and all funds raised above amounts needed to fund the Inaugural events will be donated The Inaugural events . Epshteyn also said the inauguration would not accept committee spokesman Boris Epshteyn money from " state or federal registered lobbyists . "   " On November 9th our country began the peaceful transition to power that will culminate on January 20th , when our country will unite in celebrating freedom and our country "   It is customary for    to raise money for their inauguration , which costs millions . President Barack Obama limited his 2009 inauguration to raising $ 50 , 000 President Barack Obama individual , though past inaugurations had set higher limits . But for his 2013 inauguration , donor solicitations obtained by The President Barack Obama Press also sought $ 1 million donations .   Trump initially mostly    his primary campaign , using it as a selling President Barack Obama on the stump that he was not beholden to special interests . But President Barack Obama the general election , Trump raised hundreds of millions from private donors with the Republican National Committee , and though he pledged to spend $ 100 million of his Trump money , never met that amount , Trump less than $ 60 million of his own money through October . 
 Trump his own money 