CLEVELAND , Ohio   —    Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( ) wants to know : " Are you with CLEVELAND, Ohio  —   Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( ) ? are you with    2016 ? " [ " Do you want to help make America one again ? " Blackburn challenged a jubilant Republican crowd . Make America One Again was the theme of the fourth night of the RNC .   We have all had enough of bloated budgets ,    promises and pointless red lines . We ’ve had enough division and enough heated rhetoric that serves to only drive a wedge between We and We neighbor . Enough seeing We 401ks get smaller , We bills get bigger , We taxes go up and We paychecks shrink . In short the American people have had it ! Yes and the American people are ready for a change   —    the American people are ready for someone to take the reins and bring We together . There is someone that can get the job done . Or as Larry the Cable guy would say , Let ’s ‘ Git ‘ er done ! There ’s someone who can come in ahead of schedule and under budget . Who ’s read the specs , has seen the bottom line , negotiated the cost and built something to last . A leader who knows that this country is not full of assets to be managed , forgotten or deleted . this country is full citizens want a leader who knows the sure route to prosperity , who inspires , who knows that leadership is a    verb and not a subject line in an email . In the course of the evening , Trump ’s history of developing prosperous properties was highlighted . His Trump of what is now Trump Tower in New York City was highlighted multiple times . " That is why I am asking all of you to join me tonight in electing Donald Trump as President of the United States , " declared Blackburn . Donald Trump the skills required to lead this nation , a diverse nation , who can help people achieve greatness . He believes Trump the American dream because he has Trump the American the American dream referenced Blackburn President Abraham Lincoln for a call made in Cleveland 155 years ago to " bind together or perish apart . " She quoted Lincoln , " If former President Abraham Lincoln do not join now to save the good ship of the Union this voyage , nobody will have a chance to pilot her on another . She " And again we find our nation in desperate need of true leadership . In desperate need of unity , " she warned . The She eight years have really been a challenge , to our national and out household budgets , to our Constitution , and our the men and women who give their lives and their the men and women who give their lives and their sacred honor to protect our Constitution and to protect us honor to the men and women who give their lives and their sacred honor to protect our Constitution and to protect us our Constitution and to our Constitution . The Tennessee our again spoke of Trump ’s experience as a qualification and reason to elect Trump to the highest office in the land . " Donald Trump is a leader Trump’s seen challenges , he has learned his lessons , Trump’s problems , Trump’s has delivered results . " Trump’s a small businesswoman she said , " Some of a small businesswoman nation ’s greatest leaders have been people who have worked in the real world , who know firsthand how cumbersome rules and unnecessary regulations get in the way of greatness . " I want a President who knows that leadership is not as it appears , but is as it performs . Who has seen something through from beginning to completion . Who looks at the mundane and sees magnificence . After all , that ’s the magic of this country   —    that everyday people , with big ideas and   big dreams and the drive to complete them , not only can they everyday people a skyline , they everyday people change the world . everyday people Leadership is not about lines on a resume , " said Blackburn . We want a President who believes America you , not Washington , knows best . Who believes that you have the right to pursue your version of the American dream . America is on the edge of great , mighty things . We need a President Donald Trump America understands this , is about freedom and freedom ’s causes . Who will choose to unite us , not divide us . " Are you with us 2016 ? , " she asked to a surge of enthusiasm . Together we can get the country building , working , see jobs come back , our communities grow , and see we actually lead . Together with you and with    2016 , we will be great again . we will be one again . we Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 