  ( CNN ) The Democratic National Convention kicked off Monday without The Democratic National Convention outgoing Democratic National Committee chairwoman , Debbie Wasserman Schultz , following a chaotic scene at a morning meeting where she was loudly jeered by Bernie Sanders supporters .   " I have decided that in the interest of making sure that we can start The Democratic National Convention on a high note that I am not going to gavel in the convention , " Wasserman Schultz Debbie Wasserman Schultz Sun Sentinel newspaper in an interview . Baltimore Mayor Stephanie    who is also the Democratic National Committee ’s secretary , handled the gaveling instead .   " Delegates , alternatives , standing committee members and all of our honored Democrats and other guests here in Philadelphia and all of you who have joined us by television our radio and online , here in the United States and around the world , " she said , " I hereby call the 47th quadrennial Democratic National Convention to order . " From Russia without love ? DNC hack roils Philly , Wasserman Schultz will also not speak tonight or throughout the duration of the convention , the 47th quadrennial Democratic National Convention close to her says . she will remain she Philadelphia until Friday when she formally steps she as leader of the committee . Wasserman Schultz changed her Wasserman Schultz the fallout Wasserman Schultz from leaked DNC emails that appeared DNC show the committee favoring presumptive Democratic the committee that the convention floor could erupt in anger if she gaveled the convention into Wasserman Schultz or sought to speak . And the Democratic National Committee issued an apology to Sanders moments after the convention opened , likely hoping to help soothe tensions heading into the week Sanders " On the convention everyone at the DNC , we want to offer a deep and sincere apology to Sen. Sanders , his supporters , and the entire Democratic Party for the inexcusable remarks made over email , " Sanders statement said . " These comments do not reflect the values of the DNC or our steadfast commitment to neutrality during the nominating process . The DNC does not     the DNC not     tolerate disrespectful language exhibited toward our candidates . Individual staffers the DNC rightfully apologized for their comments , and the DNC is taking appropriate action to ensure it never happens again . " The morning Individual staffers delegate meeting descended the DNC when Wasserman Schultz took the stage , appropriate action critics holding up signs with the word " emails , " and Sanders supporters booing the congresswoman loudly , even after she began speaking . " We have to make sure that we move forward together in a unified way , " the congresswoman Schultz said during brief remarks . " We know that We voices in this room that are standing up and Wasserman Schultz , we know that is not the Florida that we know . The Florida that we know is going to make sure that we continue to make jobs . " The audience was roughly half Florida of we Schultz and half detractors , though the we participants were louder than the other half . Those attendees began to chant Wasserman Schultz Shame ! Shame ! Shame ! " while Wasserman Schultz was speaking . Sanders tried to quell some of his dissatisfied supporters at a rally before his expected speech Monday . Wasserman Schultz have got to elect Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine , Sanders Sanders said , which prompted some Sanders to shout him down .   Alternate plans , Wasserman Schultz announced Sunday she is stepping down Sanders chairwoman of the DNC at the end of Sanders party ’s convention . The drama Wasserman Schultz about Democratic party Wasserman Schultz .    Former Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver tried to show a unified Democratic Party on Monday , the morning after Wasserman Schultz announced her resignation .   Sanders This happened , we knew it happened then , now is the time to go forward,’ Weaver Wasserman Schultz ’s Chris Former Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver on " New Day " on Monday . " This is the time to elect Hillary Clinton and defeat Former Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver Former Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver " Wasserman Schultz talked with both President Barack Obama and Clinton Monday making announcing her upcoming resignation , a Democratic source said .   " Going forward Wasserman Schultz best way for me to accomplish those goals [ Hillary Clinton include electing Clinton Hillary Clinton ] is to step down as Party Chair at the end of this convention , " Wasserman Schultz said in the statement .   " As Hillary Clinton chair , this week I will open and close the Convention and I the Convention our Wasserman Schultz the stakes involved in this election not only for Democrats Party Chair for all Americans , " she said .   DNC Vice Chairwoman Donna Brazile will serve as interim chair through the election . She had been a CNN political commentator , but CNN Wasserman Schultz Brazile have mutually agreed to suspend their contract , effective immediately , although she will remain on this election the convention DNC Vice Chairwoman Donna Brazile in an unpaid capacity , CNN said . CNN will DNC Vice Chairwoman Donna Brazile the contract once Brazile concludes CNN and Brazile role .   Separately , a DNC Vice Chairwoman Donna Brazile operative said Hispanic leaders close to Clinton and her high command were discussing CNN Secretary Julian CNN as a possible successor to DNC Vice Chairwoman Donna Brazile Schultz DNC Vice Chairwoman Donna Brazile the DNC helm , among a number of other candidates whose name are being mentioned Clinton   Chants of " Debbie is done ! " and " Debbie resigned ! " broke out at a    rally Sunday in Philadelphia after the news was announced .   Party officials decided Saturday that Wasserman Schultz would not have a major Debbie role or preside over daily convention proceedings this week . The DNC Rules Committee has named Rep. Marcia Fudge ,    as permanent chair Wasserman Schultz convention , according to a DNC source . She will gavel each session to order and will gavel each session closed .   " She ’s been quarantined , " another top Democrat said of Wasserman Schultz , following a meeting    night but before her announcement that she was leaving . Both sides of the aisle    , Obama issued a statement , saying , " For Wasserman Schultz eight years , Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz has had    back .    afternoon , I called her to let her know that I am grateful . " And Clinton thanked Wasserman Schultz for her leadership of Wasserman Schultz Wasserman Schultz to Debbie for getting the Democratic Party to this year ’s historic Wasserman Schultz in Philadelphia Wasserman Schultz and I know that this week ’s events will be Wasserman Schultz thanks to Clinton hard work the Democratic Party , " Clinton said . After Wasserman Schultz Wasserman Schultz as " highly overrated , " Trump , speaking at a rally in Roanoke , Virginia , knocked Clinton for being disloyal to the     former Clinton chair . " How about that Clinton disloyalty in terms of Wasserman Schultz . Because Debbie Wasserman Schultz has been so much for Hillary Clinton , " Trump said . " These Clinton . There ’s no loyalty there . No loyalty . None whatsoever . " " It gets a little Clinton they fire Wasserman Schultz Trump said . " Debbie was totally loyal Clinton and Hillary threw her Trump a bus and it did n’t take more than five minutes to make that decision . " Wasserman ’s Republican counterpart , Reince Priebus , Wasserman Schultz , " I think the Trump Wasserman Schultz events show really the uphill climb Clinton face Clinton week Clinton " " The extreme left will not be satisfied by one person ’s resignation , " the Republican party national chairman added .   Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort said Clinton should follow Wasserman Schultz out the door .   " Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigned over her failure to secure the DNC ’s email servers and the rigged system she set up with the Clinton campaign , " he said in a statement . " Now Hillary Clinton should follow Wasserman Schultz ’s lead and drop out Wasserman Schultz to safeguard top secret Wasserman Schultz classified information both on her unauthorized home server and while traveling abroad Wasserman Schultz "   Clinton hack : What Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort need to know , Weaver called Wasserman Clinton departure a win on CNN Wasserman Schultz Burnett OutFront " Clinton Sunday . " I think what the signal was today Clinton that the voices of Bernie Sanders supporters have been heard , " he said . " And other people , frankly , in the party , Hillary Clinton supporters , who felt this was the last straw , that she had to go , and this shows they have been heard and gives us opportunity to move forward toward November     united to Bernie Sanders with the problem of Donald Trump . " Wasserman Schultz ’s stewardship of Wasserman Schultz has been under fire through most of the presidential primary process , Hillary Clinton her removal from the convention stage Wasserman Schultz the DNC release of nearly 20 , 000 emails . One email appears to show DNC staffers Trump DNC can reference Sanders’ faith to weaken him Wasserman Schultz of Southern voters . Another seems to depict an attorney advising the committee on how to defend Clinton against an accusation by the Sanders campaign of not living up to a joint fundraising agreement . Before the announcement , Sanders on Sunday told Tapper the DNC staffers of the DNC emails that show Sanders’ staffers working against The DNC Rules Committee the position he ’s held for months Clinton Wasserman Schultz needs Sanders go . Wasserman Schultz do n’t think she is qualified to Bernie Sanders the her announcement that she was leaving the DNC Sunday not only for Sanders awful emails , which revealed the prejudice of the DNC , but also because we need a the DNC reaches out to working people and young people , and I do n’t think the DNC style is doing that , Wasserman Schultz Sanders told Tapper on " State of the Union , " on the eve of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia .   " I am not an atheist , " he said Sanders " But aside from all of that , it is an outrage and sad that you would have people in important positions in the DNC trying to undermine my Tapper Sanders It goes without Philadelphia : The function of the DNC is to represent all of the candidates     the DNC fair and   . "   He added : " But again , we discussed the DNC , many months ago , on this show , so what is revealed now is not a shock to me . " 
 Sanders 