’   ’ ’    The day after Donald Trump fired Donald Trump campaign manager , the first    signs of a major shift in strategy started to emerge . ’ ’    While Hillary Clinton was speaking in Ohio , the Donald Trump campaign    blasted out emails with responses to Hillary Clinton barbs . ’ ’    The presumptive Republican nominee for president deployed the      messages from several platforms . The presumptive Republican nominee for president    or The presumptive Republican nominee for president    campaign    tweeted , posted a video on Instagram , and sent emails    while Clinton was still onstage speaking . ’ "    This type of rapid response is a common tactic of Clinton ’s    campaign . But until now , the media has n’t seen anything on a    similar scale from Trump . " "    In her speech on Tuesday , Clinton criticized Trump business    record and challenged Clinton plan for the US economy . " ’    " He’ ’s written a lot of books about business , " Clinton said . " They    all seem to end at Chapter 11 . " ’ ’    During the speech , the Trump Trump sent out emails with    subject lines like " The Catastrophic Economic Record Under      Policies " and " Trump Economic Plan Will Create    Millions Of Jobs & Trillions In New Wealth . " ’ "    Trump Trump sent out a series of tweets , although it ’s unclear if    he    personally crafting the messages or if his    was    tweeting from his    : " ’ ’ " ’t’t’tHillary says this election is about judgment .   She ’s right .   Her She has killed thousands , unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy . ’t’t " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tHillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40 % asSecretary of State , costing Americans millions of jobs . ’t’t’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tHow can Hillary She the the economy she She n’t even send emails without putting entire nation at risk ? ’t’t " ’    The tweets seemed less     than usual and were missing    Trump’ ’s typical monikers for his rivals Trump’ He often Trump’ to    Clinton as " Crooked Hillary She in his tweets Trump’ ’ "    Trump ’s campaign also sent out its first Trump’s email on    Tuesday amid reports that Trump was Trump’s far behind Clinton in   Clinton raising    . " ’    A recent Federal Elections Commission filing . Clinton ,   Clinton comparison , had $ 42 . 5 million . ’ "    Up until now , analysts have often observed that Trump has Trump’s run    a traditional campaign operation . He often Trump’s about      his campaign Trump’s the Republican primaries , he ’s Trump’s relied more on free media appearances and rallies than he has Trump’s    television    , and he employs Trump’s fewer people than Clinton . " ’    But Trump has been falling behind in the polls as the election    cycle shifts from the primaries to the general . And now the    pressure is on for Trump to Trump that he can Trump against an    establishment candidate like Clinton . Clinton ’    In his first Trump toward a new direction , Trump fired Trump    Trump manager Corey Lewandowski on Monday . ’ "    Lewandowski his   campaign manager Corey Lewandowski a polarizing figure within the    campaign , but Trump had Trump by him even after his   campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was charged his   campaign manager Corey Lewandowski with battery for grabbing a reporter at a campaign event . Trump    Trump on keeping Lewandowski on even after his   campaign manager Corey Lewandowski appointed    Paul his   campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , a more experienced political operative , to be the    campaign ’s chief strategist . " ’    But Trump’ ’s loyalty to Lewandowski came to an his   campaign manager Corey Lewandowski as he   that he his   campaign manager Corey Lewandowski start running his   campaign manager Corey Lewandowski " different kind of    campaign "    one that seems more professional . ’ ’    Lewandowski had a reputation for his temper and lack   Lewandowski    experience on the national political stage . He was also known   Lewandowski    saying " Let Trump be Trump , " a    motto that could    prove dangerous for    candidate who’ ’s facing a more polished    competitor in a general election . ’ ’    " We ran a small , beautiful ,    campaign . It worked very    well in the    , " Trump said on Fox Trump ’’ " The O’’Reilly    Factor . " " But we’’re going to go a little bit of a different route    from this point forward . " ’ ’The day after Donald Trump fired his Trump .. ’ Trump 