London ( CNN)[Breaking news update at 1158 PM ET ] Go here to follow CNN ’s coverage of the UK referendum live .   The United Kingdom has voted to leave the European Union , CNN predicts . Results show the Leave campaign has won with more than 51 % of the vote . [ Previous story , published at 1152 PM ET ] The United Kingdom stands on the precipice of a historic move to leave the European the European Union     race appears to have turned in favor of a " leave " vote .   ITV News , a CNN affiliate , and the BBC have called the referendum for " Leave " to win . CNN is not yet predicting the result of the      vote , which could lead to the UK being the first country to leave the European bloc .   Almost 46 . 5 million people were registered to vote in Thursday ’s referendum . Leave . EU and UKIP leader Nigel Farage , who had earlier appeared to concede that the " Remain " vote has " edged it , has said the "Remain" vote he now believes his UKIP leader would be UKIP leader .   " I now dare to dream that the dawn is coming up on an independent United Kingdom , " he told supporters . UKIP leader Historian Simon Schama told CNN " I think Leave is going to win this and I think Britain is going to leave the European Union , which obviously I think is a catastrophe .   " We ’re on a kind of very dangerous knife edge about the integrity and coherence of Europe . So one of those moments , if this result stays and Britain leaves the union Britain we the European Union a very dark and exceptionally dangerous period in European and actually world history , too . "   The final , nationwide result is expected to be announced Friday morning .   In one of the most divisive campaigns in recent memory , polls had consistently shown voters split down the middle , with the outcome too close to call , and wavering voters likely to determine the result .   But as results kept coming in overnight , the vote , with 274 of 382 electoral districts reporting , was 51 . 63 % in favor of leaving the EU .   Polls closed at 10 p. m. ( 5 p. m. ET ) . As results come in , they will be announced by Polls . The 12 regions include Scotland , Northern Ireland , Wales , London and eight English regions . Almost 46 . 5 million people were registered to take part in the historic vote . The UK has been a member of the European Union ( and its precursors ) since 1973 The UK Markets start freaking out , The pound has dipped precipitously in forex markets as results from more and more election authorities come in , slowly solidifying the " Leave " camp ’s hold on the referendum .   The pound has dropped below The pound 35 against the dollar , the lowest since 1985 , according to   Kit Juckes , a strategist at Societe Generale . Early referendum results have sparked a global markets   . London stock futures are trading 7 % lower and stock futures in the U. S. are down 2 % CNNMoney reports . Before the polls closed , markets had been expecting the UK would stay in the EU . But that expectation changed rapidly as results started coming in . The pound is dropping sharply against all major currencies , and is currently trading at 1 . 38 against the dollar . Oil is down 4 % . Gold     one asset investors turn to in the times of uncertainty      is up 2 % . Turnout appeared to be heavy , with    margins surprising observers . Freddie Sayers ,     and Chief Digital Officer at British pollster YouGov , told CNN that voters in areas expected to vote for Brexit are doing so in greater numbers than projected . Littlewood said the UK will have a difficult time moving forward , no matter what the outcome .   " Tomorrow we ’ll wake up to a totally divided nation , " he said . He predicted Scotland Littlewood London would Littlewood to Remain and that Wales and the rest of the UK outside London would vote the UK . The London districts reporting in London , as well as Liverpool , London out strongly in support of Remain . Full coverage of the UK referendum , In addition to the massive changes that a vote for a Brexit would entail for Britain , observers predict it could also trigger a political crisis a Brexit with " Remain " supporter Cameron struggling to control his ruling Conservative Party if he backed Cameron losing side on such Cameron critical issue .      Conservative MPs have delivered a letter to the British Prime Minister ’s office saying that , whatever the result , they believe Cameron has " both a Conservative MPs and Cameron duty " to continue in office , Conservative MP Robert Syms said on Twitter . The letter was organized by Syms and a letter 84 Conservative MPs , Conservative MP Robert Syms of whom publicly supported the Vote Leave Campaign , including former Mayor of London Boris Johnson . Ill portents for ’remain’ voters ?   Britons headed to polling stations beneath rainy skies in London , following torrential rains and thunderstorms overnight London caused flash flooding in parts of the capital and southeastern England . The downpour wreaked havoc on transport networks in London and southern England and caused two polling London in southwest England to close and relocate after they were London with floodwaters . Others across two polling stations in southwest London capital opened late due to the weather .   Among the key political players casting their votes Thursday were UK Prime Minister David Cameron , who voted at a hall in London Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn , who also London in the capital and Farage , who voted in Westerham , England . After the polls closed , Cameron tweeted : " Thank you everyone who voted to keep Britain stronger , safer   better off in Europe    and thousands of @StrongerIn campaigners around the UK " Registered voters include Britons aged over 18 from England , Wales , Scotland , Northern Ireland England Gibraltar     a British territory off the southern coast of Spain . Irish and Commonwealth citizens living in the UK are also eligible to vote . One of the major groups wanting to leave the EU , Vote Leave , tweeted : " Whatever the outcome , it ’s been an incredible campaign . Thank you to everyone who was a part of this ! # ProjectHope " ’Serious consequences’ Turnout in Scotland is 67 % and voted overwhelmingly to stay in Europe . Should the UK as a whole determine to leave the UK north of the border feel that this would be a catalyst for another Scottish referendum , allowing the country to secede from the UK .   " If this result holds the UK ’s the end of Britain , just simple as this result . .. Scotland is voting overwhelmingly to stay , " Schama says .   " If Scotland can not be coerced into leaving the EU against Scotland will , you can not , in all decency the EU deny them a second referendum . If all the leavers are Scotland cannot be coerced into leaving the EU against its will    taking back control , why should n’t the Scots take back control ?   "   Great Britain ,    United Kingdom . That will absolutely happen . " Turnout in the North East region was about 67 % with 7 of its 12 districts reporting . The North East was generally the North East region . Both turnout figures are about the same as turnout for British general elections     but the Scottish figure is significantly lower than the 85 % who turned out to vote in Scotland ’s 2014 independence referendum . ’Out is out’   Cameron negotiated with European leaders this year to secure improved terms of membership in the bloc if Britain stays in the EU . European Commission President    Juncker warned Wednesday there will be no further renegotiation . " We have concluded the deal with the Prime Minister he got the maximum he could receive Juncker gave the Juncker we could give Juncker there will be no We of renegotiation , We he said . " Out is out . " French President François Juncker also warned that the result would have a huge impact on the future of the European Union .   " The departure of a country that is , geographically , historically , politically in the European Union would have extremely serious consequences , " he said the European Union Brexit vote should worry Trump , Toxic French President François Hollande , The political climate leading up to the referendum was unusually volatile , with both sides accusing each other of lying and scaremongering .   The tension reached its peak with last week ’s killing of Labour MP Jo Cox , a   " Remain " advocate in her first term in parliament . She was the first sitting British lawmaker to be killed since 1990 .   her husband , Brendan Cox , told the BBC she had the BBC about politics her " too tribal and unthinking . " " her was very worried that the language was coarsening and people were driven to take her extreme positions , " he said .   On Wednesday , another Labour MP tweeted that she had received Her husband, Brendan Cox death threat Wednesday her referendum campaigning . Brexit : What will another Labour MP look like if Britain leaves the another Labour MP ? The referendum Brexit Britain the EU the EU movie star , with Lindsay Lohan , who currently the referendum London , offering up her thoughts in a series of London . The actress firmly declares her support to " Remain another Labour MP " shows her support for free trade another Labour MP her love for another Labour MP Shetland Islands . 
 another Labour MP another Labour MP 