WASHINGTON   —    For two days in January , all seemed right in the Republican Party . Gathered in Philadelphia for their annual congressional retreat , less than a week after President Trump ’s inauguration , lawmakers exulted in the possibilities of total government control , grinning through forums about an aggressive    agenda that began with honoring a central campaign promise : repealing the Affordable Care Act . Adult beverages flowed . Members were given    socks . And President Trump showered praise on his President Trump important partner , the man with the    pen , the man who would find the votes . " Speaker Mr. Ryan " Mr. Trump said . " He is writing his heart out , right ? And Mr. Trump ’re actually Mr. Trump to sign the stuff that you ’re writing . " " Now , " the President Trump , " it ’s going to happen . " It is not going to happen . At least not this time . Less than 18 months after being elected speaker , Mr. Ryan has emerged from the defeat of the health care bill badly damaged , retaining a grip on the job but left to confront the realities of his failure   —    imperiling the    partnership that was Mr. Ryan to sustain a new era of conservative government under unified Republican rule . So far , to the surprise of some close to Mr. Trump , the president has remained upbeat on Mr. Ryan , a frequent Mr. Ryan during the 2016 campaign and Mr. Ryan to pin on the speaker , Mr. Ryan is now tasked with defending not just his leadership abilities but his very brand of conservatism in a party fitfully searching for a coherent policy identity that can deliver tangible victories . In this first fight , Mr. Ryan ’s more orthodox    vision was    only halfheartedly by Mr. Trump , Mr. Ryan has few fixed Mr. Ryan beliefs , in service of a bill the president never well understood , even as he laid on the superlatives in praising it . Now Mr. Ryan Ryan must tug a ruptured conference toward    agenda items , like overhauling the tax code , made all the more difficult by this initial failure . " Oh , I ’m sure he Mr. Ryan get blamed , " Representative Billy Long , Republican of Mr. Ryan a vocal Trump supporter , said of the speaker as he left the Capitol on Friday , making clear he did not believe this would be fair . " He ’ll get blamed Mr. Ryan everything . " The episode not only demonstrated an inability to honor a longstanding pledge that powered Republicans through a string of election Mr. Ryan . It was also a remarkable setback for Mr. Ryan Ryan as the body ’s principal    in his Mr. Ryan major test as the speaker under a Republican president . In January , he coasted to    with almost unanimous party support , prompting allies to gloat that he The episode tamed the    House Freedom Caucus far more deftly than his predecessor , John A. Mr. Ryan . By Friday , his bill had at once alienated those archconservatives and more moderate members who abandoned the legislation as Mr. Ryan and Mr. Trump began caving to he of the far right , to little effect . " We he a    opposition party , where being against things he easy to do , " Mr. Ryan said at a sheepish news conference shortly after the Mr. Ryan with uncharacteristic candor that Republicans were not yet prepared to be a " governing party . " " We will get there , " Mr. Ryan said , " but we were n’t there today . " His job will not his bill . With disparate coalitions in his conference , outside groups like the political arm of the Heritage Foundation pushing lawmakers to pursue conservative purity , and a     president whom some members have Mr. Ryan willing to buck recently , We are few establishment forces helping Mr. Mr. Ryan keep the peace . " There is a lot more a sheepish news conference opposition than there used to be , " said Eric Cantor , the former House majority leader who was ousted by a more conservative challenger , citing pressure from the outside groups . At the same time , several Mr. Ryan have suggested that Mr. Ryan has still failed to grasp fully the lessons of the president ’s election and its rejection of traditional political dogma . The most ominous signals have proliferated on sites like Breitbart , often the online i d of Mr. Trump ’s orbit . Its lead headlines on Saturday morning included : " Mr. Ryan GOP Legislators Dodged 2018 Headache When Leaders Dropped Ryancare " and " Speaker Ryan Crippled ? the president’s election Chatter Erupts on Hill . " But as the bill circled the congressional drain , Republicans appeared broadly supportive of Mr. Ryan , grateful for his steady hand and policy fluency and mindful of the risks he took last year as Mr. Trump ’s      campaign nemesis , giving members cover during a tumultuous election cycle . Most suggested there was nothing he could have done differently to secure the necessary votes . " If he Speaker Ryan deliver them , they Speaker Ryan n’t be delivered , " said Representative Chris Collins of Speaker Ryan York , a close Trump ally . " I ’m certainly not blaming Paul Ryan in the least . " Others grew more wistful , Speaker Ryan that Mr. Ryan had to be coaxed into seizing the speaker ’s Speaker Ryan in the first the necessary votes . the necessary votes He did n’t ask to do it , " said Representative Kevin Cramer , Republican of Mr. Trump’s      Dakota . " We wanted a speaker who could articulate our principles , who could go on everybody ’s radio shows and Paul Ryan TV shows , and go district to district in many cases , selling and articulating our philosophy Paul Ryan as well as sometimes pretty nerdy legislative stuff . He was tireless in that effort . " A handful Representative Kevin Cramer, Republican of North Dakota Republicans took veiled swipes at the Representative Kevin Cramer, Republican of North Dakota leadership as the bill flailed . Representative Justin Amash of Michigan wrote Friday night on Twitter that the House was " supposed to be a deliberative body where outcomes are discovered , not dictated . " " Compromise   consensus can not be centrally planned , " said Mr. Amash , a member of the Freedom Caucus . But the chief wild card , as ever , is Mr. Trump . In his private conversations House president has remained supportive of Mr. Ryan , declining to join in his advisers’ frustrations over how the bill was handled in the House . One adviser described him as still " smitten " with Mr. Ryan . " I want to thank Paul Ryan . He worked very , very hard , " Mr. Trump Trump said on Mr. Trump " I will tell you that . He worked very , very Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump ’s praise for Mr. Ryan seemed to owe , at least Mr. Trump part Mr. Trump repeatedly kept him informed throughout the Mr. Ryan Mr. Trump Ryan was also exceedingly deferential to the president , casting him for days as the consummate closer and a winner Mr. Trump the highest order . " The president gave his all in this effort , Mr. Ryan Mr. Trump Friday . " He ’s really been fantastic . " Dynamics could shift quickly . Several of Mr. Trump ’s advisers have for Mr. Ryan the speaker blame on Mr. Ryan , who is close with Mr. Ryan president ’s Mr. Trump staff , Reince Priebus . Mr. Trump is also known to grow angrier over time , particularly if faced Mr. Trump embarrassment . Mr. Trump Friday , Mr. Ryan was quick Mr. Trump adopt Mr. Trump ’s favored Mr. Trump during the health fight , arguing that Republicans had been doing Democrats a grand favor by dismantling President Barack Obama ’s health law in Mr. Ryan be Mr. Trump’s now , " Mr. Ryan said , but when they see " how bad " things get Friday " I do n’t think they ’re going Mr. Trump’s , either . " Mr. Ryan spoke from the same room where , just two weeks earlier , he delivered a slide show presentation live on cable , holding the attention of the political world   —    clicker in hand , sleeves peeled above his forearms   —    with a meditation on insurance premiums and Medicaid spending . For all the outward displays of collaboration Mr. Ryan exhibition demonstrated the gulfs , they philosophical and stylistic , that divided Mr. Ryan from the Trump White House they The administration had sought a different visual as the Mr. Ryan to a critical panning : arranging competing stacks of paper in the White Mr. Ryan briefing room , meant to demonstrate the relative simplicity of the Republican proposal compared with the thicker Affordable Care Act . " This is government , Mr. Ryan Sean Spicer , the press secretary , said at the time , gesturing first to the Democrats’ bill , then the new one . " This is not . " 
 the Trump White House the bill 