  ( CNN ) Federal immigration agents in Oregon showed up at the home of a    Dreamer over the weekend and whisked him away without a warrant , the American Civil Liberties Union said . Francisco J. Rodriguez Dominguez , 25 , was released on bond Monday , according to the ACLU and US Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) . " I ’m glad to be back home , " Rodriguez told CNN by phone . " It feels good to be surrounded by family and friends . "   ICE agents grabbed Rodriguez     a Mexican native who arrived in the United States at the age of 5     on Sunday at his home in southeastern Portland , the ACLU said . A native of Morelia in the state of Michoacan , Rodriguez     has been part of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program since 2013 , the ACLU said .   The DACA program , created in 2012 by President Barack Obama ’s executive order , is meant to shield from deportation certain people brought into the United States illegally when they The DACA program, created in 2012 by President Barack Obama’s executive order children . The The DACA program, created in 2012 by President Barack Obama’s executive order undocumented immigrants to legally obtain driver ’s licenses , enroll in college and secure jobs .   Rodriguez says he showed Rodriguez agents his DACA Rodriguez permit , but was taken into custody anyway . President Donald Trump has vowed to preserve protections for DACA recipients DACA who often are called Dreamers , a reference to the proposed bill that would give DACA participants DACA legal status . But Trump also President Donald Trump decried purported abuses of the DACA program while expanding the power of immigration officers and insisting that no one in the country illegally is safe from removal . Family was terrified , ACLU says , Agents arrived at Rodriguez ’s home and banged on the door early Sunday , " It was " Rodriguez remembers Rodriguez His sister Rodriguez she heard His sister pounding and went to get her brother His sister two people asked for him , Rodriguez affiliate KATU reported . His terrified Rodriguez " did n’t know what to do , " said Stephen Manning , a local immigration lawyer who talked with the family His terrified family attorney was quoted in ACLU ’s news release about the case . Before going to meet agents outside , Rodriguez says he took a Rodriguez moments to call his priest , Rodriguez Roberto Maldonado of Holy    Cruz Episcopal Church .    " I was trying to calm him down , Rodriguez Maldonado recalls . Father Roberto Maldonado of Holy   Cruz Episcopal Church I could tell that he was afraid Rodriguez " Maldonado says he Father Roberto Maldonado of Holy   Cruz Episcopal Church Rodriguez Father Roberto Maldonado of Holy   Cruz Episcopal Church make Rodriguez the officers had a warrant     a detail Rodriguez says he Rodriguez not Rodriguez .    " When I was on the phone with him , the Rodriguez on the door got louder so I just decided to walk out , " Rodriguez told CNN Rodriguez The call lasted less than two minutes , Maldonado said . Father Roberto Maldonado of Holy   Cruz Episcopal Church When he tried calling Father Roberto Maldonado of Holy   Cruz Episcopal Church there was no answer . Rodriguez was taken Rodriguez a Tacoma , Washington , detention facility , CNN affiliate KOIN CNN . ICE released a statement on Monday saying Rodriguez was " Rodriguez for arrest based upon his guilty plea Rodriguez December to a charge of driving under the influence of intoxicants , an offense ICE deems a ICE to public safety . " ICE said in ICE statement that Rodriguez would be Rodriguez subsequently be released on bond " pending a hearing before a federal immigration judge . The ACLU issued a statement confirming the release " following a public outcry over his detention . Rodriguez ACLU : No The ACLU to the community   Rodriguez was taken Rodriguez custody on a DUI     a misdemeanor charge     in December , according to Multnomah County Sheriff ’s spokesman Lt . Chad Gaidos . He says it Chad Gaidos the only booking on record for Rodriguez . According Rodriguez the ACLU , The ACLU December Rodriguez a diversion December for the DUI charge . He completed nearly all Rodriguez in December the requirements of the program and attended a diversion program for the DUI charge court dates and Rodriguez in December meetings , the   ACLU said The ACLU Francisco ’s best efforts to make good on his mistake , ICE has taken Rodriguez in December position that even a misdemeanor DUI eligible for diversion is enough to DUI DACA status , " said Andrea Williams , executive director of Causa , an Oregon immigrant rights organization . She was quoted in ACLU ’s news Andrea Williams, executive director of Causa, an Oregon immigrant rights organization . Mat The ACLU Santos , legal director at the American Civil Liberties Union of Oregon , said Sunday ’s events " Oregon a disturbing and confusing action taken by ICE . " " A judge had already determined that he was n’t a danger to the A judge or a flight risk . So , why is ICE showing up at his house early ICE Sunday morning ? A judge kind of brutal tactics do not keep us safe . It just makes people scared to live their lives and pushes immigrant communities further people the shadows , " dos Santos said . Community backs church volunteer , coach , Rodriguez is a    and active community A judge , the ACLU said . He works for Latino Network , a A judge organization , where he coordinates a food pantry for    A judge . He coaches soccer and volunteers at his A judge .   " Everyone loves A judge . I do n’t know how we will tell the kids , families , and school staff he works with about this , " A judge Rubio , executive director of the Latino Network , was quoted by the ACLU as saying , before Rodriguez was released on bond . Williams , of Causa , said the news of Rodriguez ’s release gave her hope . Rodriguez Families should not Rodriguez’s release torn apart . Dreamers and children should be safe in our state . .. We saw Oregonians speak out over the last 24 hours , and it resulted in Francisco ’s swift release Oregonians reunification with his family , " the ACLU quoted her as saying . Various groups had Rodriguez’s release to the community to contact ICE on Rodriguez ’s behalf , the ACLU said . Advocates also advised the ACLU of their rights . " If ICE shows up Advocates your door without a ICE signed by a judge , you do n’t have to open it to answer questions , " dos Santos a warrant signed by a judge . " If ICE claims to have a warrant , you ICE ask agents to slip it under the door or hold it up a warrant signed by a judge a your door " 
 a warrant signed by a judge 