  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton leads in the polls nationally and in key battleground states , but the flood of stories regarding Hillary Clinton private email server and donations to the Clinton Foundation demonstrate the former secretary of state wo n’t be able to completely outrun voter skepticism     or Donald Trump . Donald Trump went on offense Monday , using the bulk of a speech in Akron , Ohio , to attack Clinton . " No issue better illustrates how corrupt my opponent is than Clinton pay for play scandals as secretary of state , " Donald Trump said . " I ’ve become increasingly shocked by the vast scope of Hillary Clinton ’s criminality . Donald Trump ’s criminality . Everybody knows Donald Trump , " Donald Trump said as the crowd erupted in a sea of " Lock her up ! " chants . " The amounts involved , the favors done and the significant numbers of times the favors was done require an expedited investigation by a special prosecutor immediately , immediately , immediately , " Trump said . " After the FBI and Department of Justice whitewash of the Clinton email crimes , the FBI and Department of Justice whitewash of the Clinton email crimes certainly can not be trusted to quickly or impartially investigate Hillary Clinton ’s new crimes , which happen all the time . " James Carville : People will die if the Clinton Foundation is shut down   During an appearance on " Jimmy Kimmel " Monday night , Clinton brushed off any concerns about the release of additional emails after a federal judge Monday gave the State Department until next month to come up with a plan for making public thousands of emails that the FBI recovered as part of the FBI probe into Clinton ’s use a private email server . " Jimmy , emails that the FBI recovered as part of its probe into Clinton are so boring , " she said . " And I ’m embarrassed about that . They ’re so boring . So we ’ve already released , I do n’t know , 30 , 000 plus , so what ’s a few more ? " Trump also encouraged his Trump to " watch " on Election Day , raising the specter of voter fraud : " When I say ’watch,’ you know what I ’m ’m about . " Recently , Trump Trump warned that the November election could be " rigged . " Trump supporter Sen. Jeff Sessions suggested that the Democratic presidential candidate used her the Democratic presidential candidate position to " extort " from international governments for her the Democratic presidential candidate ’s foundation .   " The fundamental thing is you can not be Secretary of State of the United States of America and use that position to extort or seek contributions to your private foundation , " he Secretary of State of the United States of America CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota on " New Day " Tuesday . " That is a fundamental violation of law and that does appear to have happened . " For Trump , the controversies are a welcome opportunity to push the idea that Clinton is part of the Washington establishment and ca n’t be trusted to shun special interests . A Washington Washington News poll from earlier this month showed that 59 % of voters believe that Clinton Clinton not honest and trustworthy . ( That same poll has that 62 % believe Trump is not trustworthy . ) Trump Trump argued that Clinton Clinton at the State Department amounted to corruption , even suggesting Clinton was Clinton the center of a racketeering scheme . Clinton campaign Clinton : Foundation contributions will take time to adjust , " We are Foundation contributions to take government away from the special interests that give her tens Clinton millions of dollars so that she can Clinton absolutely phony ads about me and Clinton ’re going to give it back to the voters , " Trump vowed . " Come November 8th , we are we again going to have a government that serves you and your family and your country , not the special interests , the donors and the lobbyists . " It ’s a good time for Trump to Trump on offense against Clinton . She is Clinton most of the week fundraising , with several    events in California . His campaign is also keen on reminding people that Clinton has Clinton had a press conference in months     and therefore has n’t had to answer repeated questions on each new development . Trump ’s Trump , stories emerging over the past few days from a federal courtroom , Capitol Hill and an event on Long Island show it does n’t take much to get the issue of Clinton ’s emails Clinton the Clinton Foundation back into the news cycle . Clinton got some Clinton news from a federal judge Monday , who gave the State Department until September 23 to determine a plan on how to release nearly 15 , 000 documents the FBI had obtained as part of its investigation into the State Department private email Clinton     possibly creating a timeline where thousands of emails could be made public right before Election Day . If Clinton wins , foundation says it wo n’t foundation foreign money , Trump ’s focus on Clinton may help Clinton the spotlight off of himself ever so Trump . Having restructured his campaign team Trump week , Trump was expected Trump deliver a speech later this week outlining his immigration policy Trump But that speech has a speech later this week outlining his immigration policy , a campaign source said .   So the campaign turned its attention on Clinton the campaign the Clinton Foundation and her emails . Clinton was readily apparent Monday , as both Trump and vice Trump nominee Mike Pence brought up the issue . " It ’s time for Mike Pence Clinton to Clinton about the Clinton Foundation , " the Clinton Foundation a rally in Cedar Mike Pence , Iowa .   The Clinton Foundation last week announced it the Clinton Foundation to from corporations and foreign the Clinton Foundation if Hillary Clinton is elected Clinton rhetorically asked why there was n’t a conflict of Mike Pence when she was Secretary of State Clinton " Apparently she ’ll have a conflict Clinton interest with the Clinton Foundation if she becomes President but I Clinton the Clinton Foundation have a Clinton of interest taking foreign donations while she was secretary of state Clinton the United States of America , " Pence said , Powell talks Clinton emails : " Her people are trying to Clinton it on me "   Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman , John Podesta , Powell Trump of using the issue to hide from his own problems . " The Foundation has already laid out the Trump steps the charity will take if Hillary Clinton becomes president . Donald Trump needs to come clean with Clinton his complex network of Trump that are hundreds of millions of dollars in Trump to big banks , including the    Bank of China , and other business groups with ties to the Kremlin , " Podesta said . This is n’t the first time Trump has brought up the foundation or emails , but a previous attack did n’t end up going well . A suggestion that Russian hackers search for Clinton ’s 33 , 000 missing emails led to questions about whether he would be committing treason by asking foreign agents to hack a US presidential Clinton . Bill Clinton outlines foundation future , As questions mount about the activities and future Clinton foundation , former President Bill Clinton announced major changes that would be implemented should Hillary Clinton win Clinton Bill Clinton will curtail his direct involvement in the charity and Clinton will transition some programs to    Clinton he said in Clinton statement on the foundation ’s website Monday . Clinton last week also said he would stop Clinton paid speeches . " Over the last several months , members Clinton the Foundation ’s senior Clinton , Chelsea , and I have evaluated how the Foundation should operate if Hillary is elected , " the former president wrote . " Throughout the process , the Foundation priorities have been preserving our most important programs , supporting the people who work for the Foundation and its affiliated programs , and resolving legitimate our of interest questions . " A spokesman for the Clinton Foundation pointed to Foundation new post from the former president when asked about Trump ’s comments Bill Clinton the Clinton Global Initiatives meeting of the former president celebrities and foreign leaders next month would be its last .   The Clinton Foundation has raised money in the years since Bill Clinton left the White House and has launched a host of charitable the Foundation change , the Clinton Global Initiatives quality of life for women and girls in developing countries and fighting health Bill Clinton   New email releases , subpoenas from Congress , The charitable foundation has been scrutinized throughout Hillary Clinton ’s presidential bid , but the organization has faced greater scrutiny since emails were newly uncovered the Foundation Clinton Foundation donor seeking access to a top diplomat when Clinton was secretary of state . New emails obtained by conservative New Judicial Watch and released Monday show    Clinton executive Doug Band asking top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin Clinton a meeting with the    of state for the Crown Prince of Bahrain , Sheikh Salman bin Hamad   . The crown prince made a commitment to the Clinton Global Initiative Clinton he would fund his own charity in the amount of $ 32 million for the crown prince ’s scholarship program . The funds and program the Crown Prince of Bahrain by the Clinton Global Initiative Clinton Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton the Crown Prince of Bahrain Monday that the Crown Prince of Bahrain new exchange , and others , showed donors buying access the Crown Prince of Bahrain state through the foundation . But none of the exchanges appeared to show a the Clinton Global Initiative " No matter how this group tries to mischaracterize these documents the Foundation fact remains that Hillary Clinton never took action as Clinton State because of donations to the Clinton Foundation , " Clinton campaign spokesman Josh Schwerin said about the newest emails . Meanwhile , on Capitol Hill Monday Capitol Hill Republicans subpoenaed three technology companies involved in the Foundation server setup Monday The subpoenas were issued after the companies did not cooperate with a House committee ’s investigation into the issue , said House Science panel Chairman Lamar Smith ,   . Why the the issue controversies wo n’t go away , And on Long Island , Former Clinton campaign spokesman Josh Schwerin Powell pushed back on suggestions that he the White House have given three technology companies involved in her unusual home server setup idea to use a the White House account , telling media outlets that " her people are trying to pin it on me . " " Clinton truth is , she was using ( the private email server ) for a Clinton before I sent her a memo telling her what I Former Secretary of State Colin Powell , " Powell said Clinton in East Hampton , New York , People magazine and the New York Post Clinton . Powell : Clinton Prince Salman Former Secretary of State Colin Powell Hamad    made a commitment to the Clinton Global Initiative Clinton he would fund his own charity in the amount of $ 32 million for the crown prince ’s scholarship program . The funds and program were not controlled by the Clinton Global Initiative Clinton A previous version contained Sheikh Salman bin Hamad   Sheikh Salman bin Hamad   Sheikh Salman bin Hamad   the Clinton Global Initiative the Clinton Global Initiative the amount of $32 million the crown prince’s scholarship program The funds and program 