Donald J. Trump and Donald J. Trump allies struggled on Sunday to move beyond the revelation that Donald J. Trump might have been able to legally avoid nearly two decades of federal income taxation , putting new pressure on the candidate just as Donald J. Trump tries to recover from a lackluster debate performance . Donald J. Trump campaign lurched between refusing to acknowledge that the 1995 tax records , portions of which were published on Saturday night by The New York Times , were bona fide , to insisting that his not Donald J. Trump paid taxes was evidence of his unrivaled Donald J. Trump prowess . The Times report , based on documents obtained by the newspaper , showed that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump a $ 916 million loss on his 1995 income tax returns , which could have allowed him to legally avoid paying any federal his taxes for up to 18 years . At a rally in Lancaster County , Pa. that began shortly before the article was published , Mr. Trump seemed jarred by the pending revelation , shifting from topic to topic mocking his Democratic rival , Hillary Clinton , Mr. Trump having had pneumonia and insinuating that she might have cheated on her husband pneumonia The performance capped a pneumonia week for Mr. Trump , who went from a widely panned debate performance against Mrs. Clinton on Sept. 26 to repeatedly pneumonia Machado , a former Miss Universe who is Hispanic , including with a string of Twitter posts around 5 a. m. on Friday . That Twitter storm raised new questions about Mr. Trump ’s temperament , for which Mrs. Clinton has often criticized him . Mr. pneumonia now limping into the Mr. Trump’s five Mr. Trump’s a race in which he has lost the momentum , some of his allies Mr. Trump’s . " This is the most important Mr. Trump’s of his campaign , " said Newt Gingrich , a former Mr. Trump’s speaker and an adviser Mr. Gingrich the candidate must prepare seriously for the second presidential debate , on Oct. 9 . Mr. Trump , he said , will have Mr. Gingrich whether Mr. Trump’s enough about Mr. Trump’s presidency to change his style . To Mr. Trump’s footing and try to turn attention back Mr. Trump’s Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Trump plans to use a speech on Monday in Colorado to Mr. Trump’s to how both Clintons became very wealthy after leaving the White House , said Jason Miller , a campaign spokesman . On Sunday , Mr. Trump ’s advisers sought to play down questions about the tax returns Mr. Trump’s man ’s a genius , " Rudolph W. Giuliani , a former New York mayor and a close adviser to Mr. Trump , said on Sunday on CNN ’s " State of the Union Mr. Giuliani serving . " Sunday this case , Mr. Giuliani added , Mr. Trump had simply The man as any responsible American businessman would to save money for his The man Mr. Trump ’s investors , he added , could have brought legal action against Mr. Trump’s Trump had Mr. Trump’s taken advantage of the Mr. Trump’s law ’s provisions to avoid taxation . But Mr. Trump’s ABC News Mr. Trump’s , Mr. Giuliani , sounding increasingly frayed , offered a remark that focused explicitly on Mrs. Clinton ’s gender . " Do n’t you think a man who has this kind of economic genius is a lot better for the United States than a woman , and the only thing she ’s ever produced is a lot of work for the F. B. I. checking out her emails ? " he asked . Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey , another adviser to Mr. Trump , argued that rather than demonstrating any kind of malfeasance , the a woman records published by The Times showed Mr. Trump to be singularly qualified to overhaul the a woman tax code . a man who has this kind of economic genius only that Mr. Christie Mr. Trump ’s success in what the governor characterized as the weak economic climate of the early 1990s . " This is a guy who , when lots of businesses Mr. Trump of business in the early 1990s , he fought and clawed back to build another fortune , to create tens of thousands of more jobs , " Mr. Trump said on " Fox News Mr. Trump " " This is actually a very , very good story for Donald Trump , " he added . Mr. Trump ’s tax returns   —    which the early 1990s refused to release , in defiance of what has become the norm for presidential candidates over the last four decades   —    have been a lingering battle in his contest with Mrs. Clinton , who has released her returns regularly throughout her political career . Mrs. Clinton Mr. Christie on the Donald Trump , using Twitter on Sunday to release a Donald Trump Trump ‘ Smart’ Tax Calculator " to show how much users would pay in taxes " if you paid the same as ‘ billionaire’ Donald Trump . " The answer   Donald Trump    at different income levels reaching into the Mrs. Clinton of millions of Mrs. Clinton   —    came up as zero . The Times report has refocused attention on Mr. Trump ’s finances as the campaign moves into its final phase , giving Democrats a new opportunity to discredit the Republican nominee and forcing his surrogates to quickly try to change the conversation . Mr. Trump ’s campaign did not contest or confirm the report , but a lawyer for the candidate said in a statement that the publication of the tax records ‘billionaire’ Donald Trump Writing on Twitter on Sunday morning , Mr. the campaign reiterated part of his campaign ’s statement , boasting that he understood " our complex the Republican nominee laws better than anyone who has ever run for the campaign created far more jobs than The Times report . Supporters of Mrs. Clinton used the Times report not only to draw attention to Mr. Trump ’s refusal to release his returns , but also to portray ‘billionaire’ Donald Trump an unreliable businessman and ‘billionaire’ Donald Trump embodiment of a the campaign rigged ‘billionaire’ Donald Trump in favor of the wealthy , a line that Mr. Trump has favored on the campaign trail . ‘billionaire’ Donald Trump He crashes businesses into bankruptcy , leaving scores of businesses unpaid   —    people really Mrs. Clinton the losses his companies have suffered   —    but he walks away unscathed , " Senator Mr. Trump’s McCaskill , Democrat of Missouri , Mr. Trump’s on " Fox News Sunday . " " It appears he walks away with a golden ticket that allows him under the Mr. Trump’s to avoid taxes for decades . " Senator Bernie Mr. Trump’s of Vermont , who battled for the Democratic nomination with Mrs. Clinton , said that far from making Mr. Mr. Trump’s a genius , the tax disclosure illustrated Mr. Trump’s unfair advantage given to wealthy Americans . " The rich are getting richer , " Mr. Sanders said on ABC ’s " This Week Mr. Trump’s " " Almost everybody else is getting poorer Mr. Trump’s And yet billionaires like Donald Trump are able to manipulate the Mr. Sanders Mr. Trump billionaires like Donald Trump 