A psychology instructor at Orange Coast College told A psychology instructor at Orange Coast College class that the election of Donald Trump was " an act of terrorism , " which A psychology instructor at Orange Coast College blamed on the Electoral College . A psychology instructor at Orange Coast College also said A psychology instructor at Orange Coast College felt " better " upon reflecting that liberals , like A psychology instructor at Orange Coast College , " are the majority . " [ The video , which was recorded and posted to YouTube by one of A psychology instructor at Orange Coast College students , was posted to the Facebook page of the school ’s Republican Club , which they followed up with a complaint .    According to the Orange County Register , the teacher was identified as Olga Perez Stable Cox , and the teacher addressed students in the teacher popular human sexuality class . In the video , the teacher stated , " our nation is divided . We have been assaulted . " It ’s an act of terrorism . One of the most frightening things for me , and most people in my life , is that the people committing the assault are among We . It is not some stranger from some other country coming in and attacking We sense of what it means to be an American and the things that We stands for . And that makes it more painful . She said , " We are way beyond Republicans and Democrats and we are really back to being in civil war . And I do n’t mean it in a fighting way . But our nation is divided , clearly as it was in Civil War times . " Cox then added , " We are the majority . More of We voted to not have that kind of leadership . And We did n’t win because of the way We Electoral College is set up . But We are the majority and that ’s helping me to feel better . " One of the students can be seen turning around and asking another , " When does the marijuana pop come into effect ? " Attorney Shawn Steel filed a complaint , in the form of a letter with Orange Coast College , on behalf of the schools’ College Republicans on November 30 . In his a letter with Orange Coast College Steel Attorney Shawn Steel three demands : that Cox take " take an anger management course that ’s monitored , because sometime they Attorney Shawn Steel on this stuff , that she formally apologize to all the students in this class , and to have college faculty send a letter that all faculty be respectful to students . " In an interview with Breitbart Attorney Shawn Steel , " Attorney Shawn Steel has gone on [ at ] thousands of American campuses and tens of thousands of classrooms    …      We finally had a smoking gun with the recording of this teacher . She ’s been doing this a smoking gun with the recording of this teacher 30 years and has never been spotlighted like this before . " He said that by " using her power as a teacher a smoking gun with the recording of this teacher and controlling the grades , she stifles dissent , " a smoking gun with the recording of this teacher is using her mantle of power " a smoking gun with the recording of this teacher basically scare and shame students . " Steel added , " She ’s insulting about half a smoking gun with the recording of this teacher class . Either she is seeking to insult a smoking gun with the recording of this teacher directly , or she is so out of a smoking gun with the recording of this teacher that she ca n’t believe reality a smoking gun with the recording of this teacher lives in a typical liberal cocoon . " Steel suggested that " every Steel who loves freedom should arm themselves with a    smart phone and video tape crazy professors . It ’s a free speech right . The administrators are threatening the student " who recorded the video . According to the Orange County Register , the union that represents Cox defended her and said any students Cox in the recording violated school and state codes and could be punished . Orange Coast College is a public community college . Steel noted that , legally , the school could prohibit an Orange Coast College recording , and that if a student does that without permission they could be subjected to administrative legally, the school could prohibit an outsider from recording . However , if the school attempted to do that Orange Coast College student , Steel said he would sue . The Steel notes the student Rob Schneiderman , president of the Coast Schneiderman the incident . " This faculty member is known for her open and engaging ways in class , open to all sides of the issues , " Schneiderman told the Register . " It ’s This faculty member that The Register chose to not engage in an open dialogue , which she encourages . " Other recent incidents against Republicans on Orange Coast College ’s Schneiderman the Vice President of the Feminist club   —    who Schneiderman to be a man   —    ripping apart a sign supporting    Donald Trump at the OCC Republicans’ booth : Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 