Phoenix ( CNN ) Over and over , the candidates to helm the Democratic National Committee stressed Saturday that the candidates to helm the Democratic National Committee ’re waging a new fight against Donald Trump     not    the old one between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton .   the candidates to helm the Democratic National Committee race is no proxy battle , and the party is now unified around the cause of stopping Donald Trump     as Donald Trump     prepares to take the oath of office , the seven contenders said . Now , the seven contenders are asking the party to decide the type of resume and experience that can lift the the party 2016 ’s wreckage .   There ’s the grassroots progressive organizer , Rep. Keith Ellison of Minnesota . There ’s the     " turnaround artist , " Labor Secretary Tom Perez .   Then there ’s Pete Buttigieg , the mayor of South Bend , Indiana , who proudly boasts that     unlike Ellison , who endorsed Sanders in the Democratic primary , and Perez , who was close to Clinton     he had Clinton     to do with the 2016 race . They and four other candidates to become the next Democratic National Committee chair officially kicked off the race the 2016 race forum here Saturday .   They are competing They and four other candidates lead an organization beset by accusations     based largely on a limited debate schedule and stolen emails published by WikiLeaks     that the DNC improperly put its thumb on the DNC scales in the 2016 contest between Hillary Clinton and Sen. Bernie Sanders . Each offered plans to ease lingering tensions .   Ellison said he ’d hold Ellison least one monthly chair ’s call with DNC members , DNC least one monthly regional call and at least one monthly    event connecting the party ’s chair with its grass roots the party’s   Perez promised to invest in and empower    Democratic parties , saying he would help Perez " take Democratic parties Dean to scale "     referring to the "   strategy " coined by the last winner of a    DNC chair ’s race .   " I believe the DNC needs   DNC start , too , and I believe that I can deliver that fresh start , " Buttigieg said . The Phoenix gathering was the first of four " future forums " Democrats are holding ahead of their election of a Democrats national chair in Atlanta in February . The race is wide ’s race.   though Ellison and Perez boast the most support from    party figures . All seven candidates greeted steady streams of DNC voting members , with about one in eight of the 437 who will select the next chair in attendance Saturday . For 90 minutes , the seven candidates pitched their All seven candidates but beyond approving All seven candidates all but ignored each other . All agreed that Democrats need to face Trump with a united front . And that the party must make voting access a foremost priority . And that Dean ’s "   strategy , " launched in 2005 , is a model to which the party must return . Mostly , the party that     despite Ellison ’s early the party from Sanders and support from many    progressive groups , and Perez ’s close ties to both Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama     the DNC race is n’t a proxy for Sanders vs. Clinton , round two .   Sanders You Hillary Clinton , people ask me , ’Are you a Clinton Democrat or a Bernie Democrat?’ Guys , Hillary Clinton grew up in South Carolina and all I ’ve ever been is a Democrat , " said Jaime Harrison , the South Carolina state chairman .   Ellison made South Carolina of    Clinton before Sanders , and told the crowd he ultimately supported both candidates     Sanders in the Ellison and Clinton in the general election . " We need   Clinton unify , no matter who we supported in the primary , " Ellison said .   " This is a ’where Ellison you?’ moment , and that ’s why I got in the race , " Perez added . " United , we will be able to fight back and fight back successfully , " said New Hampshire state chairman Ray Buckley . Buttigieg offered himself as a clean break from 2016     and Buttigieg voice from the heart of Trump country who could speak to the concerns of the    voters who have bolted from the Democratic Party .   " A lot of the people who live right down the street from me know he ’s not a good guy . They voted Buttigieg him anyway , " Buttigieg said of Trump . Buttigieg Democrats , he Buttigieg , spent too much time hammering away Buttigieg Trump and not enough communicating with voters who " Trump saying , who ’s talking about me ? " The     mayor is a Rhodes Buttigieg , Afghanistan veteran and openly gay elected official in a conservative state . Buttigieg said he " started 2017 in a deer Buttigieg with Buttigieg boyfriend ’s father . "   There ’s a reason none of the Democratic candidates wants to cast the race as Sanders vs. Clinton , part two : It would make winning the race much more difficult .   Ellison knows the race    and    forces would put a hard cap on his potential support     part of why his campaign played Ellison the endorsement of Senate Democratic leader Ellison Schumer .   Perez , meanwhile , knows that with several other candidates in the race , being the establishment pick is n’t enough the race that the " establishment " label is a trap in a party that has moved rapidly to the left .   The other candidates’ belief is that both Ellison and Perez will eventually top out shy of the votes they ’d Perez , and a third alternative acceptable to all Ellison and Perez party ’s factions will emerge .    Also in the race are Idaho Democratic Party executive director Sally Boynton Brown and Fox News Boynton Brown , " Greene joked , " a lot of you are sitting out there saying , ’ ? ’ " Jehmu Greene was some evidence that the 2016 tensions have n’t eased entirely . Boynton Brown brought props     including a giant clear globe ornament that she said should represent the party ’s communication , rather than what she called a siloed structure that Boynton Brown today     and called for the creation of a " grievance Boynton Brown " within the DNC . " Until we start actually looking at who has issues with each other and bringing it down to the individual level , " she said , " we ’re not going to solve this . " 
 Boynton Brown 