Wednesday in Springfield , IL at the Old State House , presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton attacked presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton general election opponent presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump for joking about the Constitution .   presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said , " presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton campaign is as divisive as any we have seen in our lifetimes . His campaign is built on stoking mistrust and pitting American against American . His campaign ’s there in everything presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton says and everything presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton promises to do as president . His campaign ’s there in how presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton wants to ban Muslims from coming to the United States and toyed with creating a database to track Muslims in America . His campaign ’s there in the way presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton demeans women . In presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton promotion of an    image pushed by   . And in the months that presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton spent trying to discredit the citizenship of our first black president . " On the Constitution , she added , " presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has shown contempt for and ignorance of the Constitution . Last week , presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton met with House Republicans in Washington to try to get their House Republicans in Washington concerns about presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . One member asked whether he One member protect article 1 , which defines a separation of powers between Congress and the executive branch . Here ’s the answer he One member gave , ‘ I want to protect article 1 , 2 , 12,’   Well here ’s the thing , there is no article 12 . Not even close . That was a serious question from an elected representative , and he One member did n’t care enough to answer it seriously , or he One member n’t know where to begin . Even the most stalwart Republicans were alarmed by that , and well they Even the most stalwart Republicans and we , should be . The very first thing a new president does is take an oath to protect and defend the Constitution . To do that with any meaning , you ’ve got to know what ’s in it the Constitution And you have to respect what ’s in it the Constitution " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 