Washington ( CNN ) As a moderator introduced Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg in Washington on Monday for her first    speaking engagement , he said something that caused the sympathetic audience to whoop and holler . " May you live a thousand years ! " he said .   Ginsburg ’s future was on the minds of many in the audience during a meeting sponsored by The Jewish Federations . Donald Trump ’s unexpected victory at the polls means that if anything were to happen to the     justice in the next few years , Donald Trump might be replaced by a conservative .   The moderator , lawyer Kenneth Feinberg , asked Donald Trump what the election meant .   Donald Trump , treading carefully , responded , " most immediately a vacancy will be filled . " And then Donald Trump repeated something Donald Trump said even before the election when Senate Republicans blocked the nomination hearings of President Barack Obama ’s nominee , Merrick Garland .   " Eight is not a good number for a    court , " Donald Trump said .   Donald Trump also suggested perhaps the legislative branch get moving again . " There is an existing vacancy and President Trump will fill it an existing vacancy Then , perhaps Congress will do some work . One reason the court has not had as many petitions as usual is that there has n’t been any legislative activity , " Ginsburg said . Trump President Trump election and actions by Senate Republicans will have a critical impact on the court , which will likely maintain its Senate Republicans majority for years to come . It will also mean that Ginsburg Ginsburg remain in the minority on some social issues that closely divide the justices .   Some liberals have questioned whether Ginsburg Ginsburg have stepped down during the Obama administration . In 2014 , Erwin Chemerinsky , the dean of the UC Irvine School of Law , suggested in an    in the Los Angeles Times that she Ginsburg down in order to " advance all the things she Ginsburg spent her Ginsburg working for . " But she Ginsburg not heed that advice .   And now , the liberal icon who has inspired generations of young lawyers for her Ginsburg work on gender discrimination , will likely seek to stay on the bench at least until a Democratic president wins an election .   That will keep her Ginsburg the spotlight     something she Ginsburg dominated like no other sitting justice .   On " Saturday Night Live , " for example , Ginsburg Ginsburg been the subject of a recurring comedy sketch .   Just last weekend actress Kate McKinnon , who plays the justice , joked about the fact that Ginsburg Ginsburg might have suddenly changed .   " You ’re damn right I was gon na retire , "    said . She then Ginsburg to pour vitamins down her throat Ginsburg    The real Justice Ginsburg , who is a devoted opera fan , had her own Ginsburg Saturday night . She joined Ginsburg opening night cast of " The Daughter of the Regiment " at the Washington National Opera , playing the Duchess of Krakenthorp in a    role .   At the curtain call , she wore Ginsburg costume Ginsburg a shimmering acid green dress     and she curtsied Ginsburg   With a broad smile , she looked Ginsburg for an encore . 
 