’   ’ ’    Thousands of Uber customers are deleting the app and posting the    evidence to social media after drivers tried to do business    at JFK   Airport during a taxi strike .   ’ "    The NY Taxi Workers Alliance called for all drivers to avoid JFK    Airport on Saturday in order to facilitate   President Donald Trump ’s executive order    barring travelers from seven    countries from    entering the US .   " ’ ’ "   Here ’s the NY Taxi Workers Alliance Statement on the refugee ban .   is still trying to go to JFK JFK   Airport   " ’    Many users noted that Uber still appeared to be servicing riders    during the strike from 6 to 7 p. m. The    tweeted after    the strike saying it had    higher fares that    normally    in during periods of increased demand .   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tSurge pricing has been turned off at   Airport . This may result in longer wait times . Please be patient . ’t’t’ ’    In response , people began deleting Uber from their phones people    posting    evidence to Facebook and Twitter using hashtag    # deleteUber .   ’ ’ ’ "   provided rides at JFK while other taxi drivers held strike over Trump ’s ban on Muslim travelers .   " "    In an emailed statement to Business Insider , Uber said it did Uber    halt surge pricing in order to drive more business .   " ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Uber CEO Travis Kalanick sent an email to employees Sunday    announcing his plan Uber CEO Travis Kalanick help drivers who might be    overseas and unable to    the country because of Trump’ ’s    travel ban , which he called Uber CEO Travis Kalanick unjust . "   ’ ’    Kalanick said Uber CEO Travis Kalanick will provide lawyers and immigration    experts to drivers banned from entering the country the country $ 3    million    legal defense fund . Drivers will    also be compensated for lost wages .   ’ ’    Kalanick and Tesla Kalanick   among 19 executives that will    provide economic advice to Trump . Kalanick now says he will urge    the Kalanick to reinstate traveling rights immediately .   ’ 
 