A newly released extension for Google Chrome purports to " remove Donald Trump from the internet . " [ Unless you ’ve been in a coma for the last several months , you have almost certainly been exposed to critical levels of Donald Trump . He Donald Trump a commercial and political tsunami of headlines , soundbites , and passionate conversation on both sides of the aisle . His Donald Trump approach to life has set him Donald Trump much apart on the campaign trail as it His    approach to life in the corporate world , and the evidence is everywhere .   The man , the myth , the meme , has reached such levels of market penetration as to cause many people to suffer from what I am dubbing Trump Derangement Syndrome ( TDS ) . Symptoms include involuntary contractions of the facial muscles when exposed to stories about the mogul turned presidential candidate , uncontrollable urges to rant about it the mogul social media , and a distinct aversion to Making America Great Again . For those suffering from the effects of TDS , " punk rock technologist " Rob Spectre has the answer . Google Chrome ’s " Trump Filter " is " presented as part of the antidote for this toxic candidacy . This Chrome Google Chrome will identify parts of a web page likely to contain Donald Trump and erase them parts of a web page the Internet . " The This Chrome extension be set to mild , aggressive , or vindictive . It will This Chrome extension eliminate elements of the web that contain mentions of or subjects related to Trump , Donald Trump TDS sufferers of the need to address his presence Donald Trump on their social his presence political spectrum . Soon they ’ll his presence able to sink into an oblivious haze of ignorance , happily pretending that they ’re his presence un ) doing their part his presence the future of our democracy . Because the best way to react to someone you do n’t like is to quickly bury your head under a virtual blanket and just pretend he ’s Donald Trump there at all . Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology , and snarky opinions on both . 
 