The recent presidential election inspired a notable amount of accessorizing , with hats   and    as impassioned voters wore impassioned voters positions on impassioned voters sleeves ( or head or chest ) . The postelection atmosphere suggests this trend is not slowing down any time soon . The latest political fashion statement ? The safety pin , an object that ’s been adopted in the past by    celebrities ( remember Elizabeth Hurley ’s Versace dress ? ) and the punk movement . After the election of Donald J. Trump , fears are growing that segments of Donald J. Trump base may physically or emotionally abuse minorities , immigrants , women and members of the L. G. B. T. community . As a show of support , groups of people across America are attaching safety pins to groups of people across America lapels , shirts and dresses to signify that groups of people across America are linked , willing to stand up for the vulnerable . " It ’s a matter of showing people who get It that I will always be a resource and an ally to anyone and everyone who wants to reach out , " said Kaye Kagaoan , 24 , a graphic designer from the Philippines who lives in Brooklyn . " When I saw It on Facebook , It was so simple . It resonated with me . " On Friday , the actor Patrick Stewart posted a photo of the actor Patrick Stewart to Twitter wearing a pin on the actor Patrick Stewart jacket , and the photographer Cass Bird shared an Instagram post about why the actor Patrick Stewart ’s wearing one that started with " If you wear a hijab , I ’ll sit with you wear a hijab on the train " and ended with : " If you need me , I ’ll be with you wear a hijab . you wear a hijab is that you be with me , too . " Between the two statements , sentences began with " If you ’re a person of color    …      " and " If you ’re a refugee    …      " and offered various forms of support . The actress Jaime King posted the same words to her Instagram The actress Jaime King . In wearing the safety pin , participants are taking a page from protesters of the Brexit referendum results . After British citizens voted to leave the European Union in June , the nation experienced a 57 percent rise in reported xenophobic incidents . An American woman living in Britain tweeted a suggestion that people wear safety pins to show support to those experiencing abuse . Two days later , # safetypin was trending on Twitter . The woman , who used a Twitter account , @cheeahs , that has been deleted , had been inspired by the # illridewithyou movement in Australia , in which people offered to take public transportation with Muslims fearing a backlash after a Muslim gunman held people hostage in a cafe in 2014 . Those who ’ve donned the pin over the last week are quick to point out that their message Those who’ve donned the pin over the last week n’t necessarily in opposition to the   . " More than anything , it ’s " said Sabrina Krebs Ms. Krebs I would n’t say it ’s resistance towards Trump . It ’s a form of resistance to hate and to negativity . it It is also , Ms. Krebs noted , a readily accessible item it " Everyone has safety pins in their house , " she said . " It ’s something everyone Everyone join . " Ms. Krebs But in case someone wants a more haute kind of protest , fashion has already jumped on the movement , with Fashionista suggesting " 13 Safety Pin Brooches to Wear Now and for the Next Four Years , " with items ranging from a    pin to one with crystal embellishments . ) And it ’s easy to put on . " It does n’t take much to wear a safety pin , " said Robert Clarke , 52 , a truck driver from Harrington Park , N. J. " I have them on several jackets , so I do n’t have to think Robert Clarke, 52, a truck driver from Harrington Park, N. J. it . " Some Twitter users voiced criticisms of the    trend , calling it " slacktivism , " a word that blends " slacker " and " activism . " They expressed concern that wearing something does n’t equate to action . Robert Clarke, 52, a truck driver from Harrington Park, N. J. Keelty , an author and nonprofit    denounced the safety pins as something white people are wearing to assuage their guilt . " They ’ll do little or nothing to reassure white people marginalized populations they white people allegedly there to reassure marginalized people know full well the white people history of white people calling themselves allies while doing nothing to help , or even inflicting harm white people ,    Americans , " he wrote . Wearers responded by acknowledging the critique . " I recognize that wearing a # safetypin is not sufficient action and does not supplement provide active , constructive work , "   @OliviaHungers wrote . " Donate time . Donate money . Support people in your community with action . If you still wear the pin be sure to be ready to back it up . " For his part , Mr. Clarke said that the pin pin is n’t just Mr. Clarke signal of allegiance to those he the pin but a constant reminder to himself . " A big Mr. Clarke of wearing it is the mental preparation Mr. Clarke my part , " he said . " If I do see something , I ’ve thought Mr. Clarke through , and I ’ll stand up and say something and not be a silent witness . " 
 