’   ’ ’    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton made the case    against Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Republican rival , Donald Trump , in Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton convention    speech Thursday night . ’ "    Touching on a common theme among Democrats , Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton questioned    Trump ’s readiness to be commander in chief . " ’    " Trump loses Trump cool at the slightest provocation , " Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said . " When    he’ ’s gotten a tough question from a reporter . he’ he’    challenged in a debate . When Trump sees a protester at a rally . " ’ ’    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton then mocked Trump notorious rants on Twitter . ’ ’    " Imagine Trump in the Oval Office facing a real crisis , " Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said .    " A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with    nuclear weapons . " ’ ’’ ’    Clinton also went after Trump for pushing what she Clinton as a    message of division and fear . ’ ’    " He Clinton to divide us   —    from the rest of the world and from each    other , " Clinton Clinton . " He’ ’s betting that the perils of today’ ’s    world will blind us to its He’ promise . He’ He’ taken the    Republican Party a long way , from ’’ Morning in America ’’ to    ’’ Midnight in America America ’’ He He’ us to fear the future and fear    each other . " ’ ’    Clinton quoted President Franklin Delano Roosevelt in saying " the    only thing to fear is fear itself the   only thing to fear " ’ ’    Speakers at the Republican National Convention largely sought to    emphasize the dangers facing America America while the Democrats at       the Democrats this week have pushed a positive and optimistic    message about the future of the US . ’ ’    Clinton’ ’s speech embodied much of the themes at the Democratic    National Convention . She spoke of " togetherness " and rejected    Trump’ ’s view that the country was in trouble . ’ ’    " Now , we are    about what our we up against , "    she    . " But we are we afraid . We will we to the challenge ,    just    we always we . " ’ "    She She Trump ’s plans to build a wall on the southern border    of the US and bar Muslims from entering the country . " ’    " Don’’t let anyone tell you that our country the country , " she She .    " We’’re not . " ’ ’    Clinton also negated   that he alone could Clinton the country . the country    " Don’’t believe anyone who Don’’t , ’’ I alone can fix it , ’’ " Clinton    said . Clinton Those were actually Donald Trump’ ’s words in Cleveland . And    they should set off Those bells for all of us . " ’ ’    She mentioned military troops , police officers , teachers ,    entrepreneurs , and mothers . ’ ’    " Americans don’’t say , ’’ I alone can fix it , ’’ " Clinton said . " We    say , ’’ We’’ll fix it together . ’’ it ’ "    Trump   to Clinton ’s provocations . Clinton ’    " Hillary’ ’s refusal to mention Radical Islam , as she pushes a 550 Hillary’’s    increase in refugees , is more proof that she is unfit to Hillary’’s the    country , " he tweeted Thursday night after Clinton’ ’s speech . ’ 
 