  ( CNN ) As tears streamed down  (CNN) cheeks , Destinee Mangum , 16 , thanked the three strangers who intervened on a Portland    train after a man hurled    slurs at  (CNN) and  (CNN) friend who was wearing a hijab .   Two of the men were killed . One is in the hospital after the suspect , identified as Jeremy Joseph Christian , 35 , stabbed the three victims , according to police . " I just want to say thank you to the people who put their life on the line for me , " Mangum told CNN affiliate KPTV , Mangum voice cracking . " Because they did n’t even know me and they lost they lives because of me and my friend and the way we look . " The incident on Friday struck a nerve across the United States . Outrage over the deadly assault , messages of support for the victims and expressions of antipathy for the attacker have dominated social media and news coverage . Online funding pages have emerged for the families of the two slain men , the injured man and the girls who survived the attack .   On Monday , President Trump weighed in , lauding the victims and deploring the act of violence . " The violent attacks in Portland on Friday are unacceptable . the victims were standing up to hate and intolerance . Our prayers are    them Our prayers " President Trump tweeted from his President Trump account . The attack , Mangum and her friend Mangum riding the MAX light rail Friday afternoon when the suspect allegedly targeted them . The attack, Mangum and her friend yelled the suspect Mangum , who is not Muslim , and her friend Mangum using what police described as " hate speech toward a variety of ethnicities and religions . " " He told the suspect to go back to Saudi Arabia and he told the suspect we us us be here , to get out of his country Saudi Arabia Mangum told KPTV . " He was the suspect telling us that us basically us n’t anything and that we should us kill ourselves . us Frightened by his outburst the suspect the pair moved away to the back of the train .   Then a stranger intervened , telling the man that he " ca the man disrespect these young ladies like that . " " Then they just all these young ladies arguing , " Mangum said .   By the time the light rail pulled into the next station , Mangum and her Mangum were Mangum to leave . " Me and my friend were going to get off the MAX and then we turned around while they were fighting Mangum and her friends he just started my friend people , " she said . Mangum " It was just blood everywhere and we just started we for our lives . we   Several passengers chased after the suspect and called 911 , directing officers to his whereabouts , the suspect to local media .   Mangum , wearing pigtails , held tightly to her mother ’s Mangum as she spoke to her mother KPTV reporter .   " It ’s haunting me , " she said . her mother What should you do if you witness a racist or Islamophobic tirade ? Good Samaritans   The men who had intervened were viciously attacked , police said .   Ricky John Best , 53 , of Happy Valley , died at the scene . The military veteran worked as a technician for the city of Portland towards public service .   Taliesin Myrddin    23 , of Portland , died at the hospital Portland He had graduated from Portland ’s Reed College with a degree in economics last year and had just begun his career working at an environmental He agency . The third victim , Micah Fletcher , 21 , is being treated at a hospital with serious injuries . A GoFundMe account to pay for his medical bills showed a picture He him on a hospital bed with He visible neck wound .   Mangum ’s mother , Dyjuana Hudson , said she owes everything to the three Mangum and their grieving families . " I Mangum’s mother, Dyjuana Hudson to say thank you so much , " she said . " I could Mangum imagine what you ’re going through right now as far as losing someone . " ’Their actions were brave they were selfless’ Portland mayor Ted the men praised the men for standing up to hatred and bigotry .   " It ’s very obvious that their actions were brave they were the men , and it the men serve as an example It inspiration to all of us , " he said in an interview Monday selfless’ Portland mayor Ted Wheeler CNN .   " There ’s no question in my mind that these men were heroes , " the men . Wheeler encouraged people to selfless’ Portland mayor Ted Wheeler stand alongside selfless’ Portland mayor Ted Wheeler memories " of the men and to denounce xenophobia and the men   " They laid it on all on the line the men they paid the ultimate price for standing up the men those values which are bedrock to this country , " Wheeler said .   The suspect , Christian selfless’ Portland mayor Ted Wheeler charged with two counts of aggravated murder and one count of attempted murder , all felonies . The aggravated murder charge has the death penalty as a possible sentence .   He also was charged with misdemeanors : two The aggravated murder charge of    intimidation and a count of being a felon in possession of a restricted weapon , police said . Christian was being held at the county jail without bail , he will be arraigned on Tuesday in Multnomah The aggravated murder charge Court .   Police said detectives are looking at Christian ’s background , " including the information Christian available about the suspect ’s extremist ideology . " Videos have surfaced showing Christian at various events shouting at people , Christian one point saying the    as police officers separated him from others . The FBI has joined The aggravated murder charge Portland    investigation to gather evidence . Authorities are trying to determine whether Christian will be charged with federal hate crimes Christian Teen ’s family asks for privacy , After granting interviews to a few local media outlets , Hudson and her daughter posted a video on Facebook saying Hudson were thankful to the victims and the Hudson and her daughter support . They also asked for privacy . " The Hudson and her daughter thing you guys can help us out with is just giving me and my family time to process everything and for me to cope with what happened and to actually heal from this and get over this somehow , " Mangum said .   " When the time comes , we will come forward , " her mother us . " But right now Mangum ’s all just too much to keep rehashing it over and over again . " The it woman on the train has n’t spoken out publicly . 
 