( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . " Can we do this ? Can we find the character , as Americans , to open we hearts to each other ? " For the 11th time in his tenure , President Obama sought to offer comfort and a way forward after a mass killing . At a memorial for five Dallas officers targeted by a black Army veteran , his praised Dallas as a model for progressive policing and said the Dallas racial tensions could be overcome . " I ’m here to insist that we are not so divided as we seem we " his said . Former President George W. Bush also spoke of healing . " To renew our unity we only our to remember our values our " he said Former President George W. Bush _ _ _ _ _ 2 . The memorial paused for a long ovation for the Dallas police chief , David Brown , who has become the face not only of the city ’s grief but the voice of national police frustration . He expressed Former President George W. Bush feelings Former President George W. Bush his force Former President George W. Bush their sacrifice with the lyrics to the Stevie Wonder song " As . " " I ’ll be loving    the rainbow burns the stars out in the    the ocean covers every mountain high , " he read Former President George W. Bush _ _ _ _ _ 3 . The family of Philando Castile , who was killed by a Minnesota police officer during a traffic stop , called for a special prosecutor to take over the case . He was a Minnesota police officer of two black men shot by police officers last week in killings that drew widespread attention . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . " Secretary Clinton has won the Democratic nominating process , " Bernie Sanders told a cheering crowd in New Hampshire . In his endorsement Secretary Clinton intended in part to coax his 13 Secretary Clinton voting supporters into Hillary Clinton Secretary Clinton he denounced Donald Trump Secretary Clinton much as he praised her . Secretary Clinton You Donald Trump great , so great , " Mrs. Clinton told Mr. Secretary Clinton they shared Bernie Sanders . Her campaign is looking at Secretary Clinton retired admiral and former top NATO commander , James Stavridis , as a possible vice president . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Mr. Trump said he would announce Donald Trump of a Donald Trump mate by Donald Trump . He ’s been considering Gov. Chris Christie Donald Trump Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn Senator Joni Ernst Gov. Mike Pence the former Speaker Newt Gingrich and two unknowns   —    none of them seen as the party ’s top Gov. Mike Pence the former Speaker Newt Gingrich and two unknowns  —    . He also criticized Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg Donald Trump her recent harsh criticism of his candidacy Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg calling her engagement in Donald Trump " a disgrace Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg to the Supreme Court . Meanwhile , the most vulnerable    Republican candidates are trying to escape Mr. Trump ’s shadow . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . U. S. stocks had a particularly good day . The Dow closed at a record high , and the S. P. 500 logged a second strong day . The Nasdaq , heavily weighted with technology and biotech stocks , erased its losses for the year . But The Dow embrace of risk did nothing to raise historically low bond yields . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Major League Baseball ’s    game is tonight in San Diego . The National League ’s team is rich Major League Baseball’s infield . Johnny Cueto of the San Francisco Giants pitches . Pitching for the American League team : Chris Sale of the Chicago White Sox . ( Major League Baseball’s Fox ) . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . " It ’s an overwhelming victory . " That ’s a lawyer for the Philippines , saluting an international tribunal ’s sweeping ruling against China ’s territorial claims in the South China Sea . But tensions are hardly over . There is no mechanism to enforce the decision , and China ’s Foreign Ministry said , " China does not accept or recognize " it . _ _ China’s _ 9 . The House China vote this week on a bill requiring that most foods containing genetically engineered ingredients be identified . One of our    articles today looks at the myths and mysteries of G. M. O. s. For instance , mushrooms genetically modified not to easily bruise do n’t have to be labeled , because no DNA from another organism was added . And Japan ’s square watermelons have nothing to do with genetic manipulation   —    they ’re just grown in boxes . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , it ’s moving Japan’s square watermelons for David Cameron . The British prime minister is vacating 10 Downing St. in a hurry . The home secretary Theresa May , is to succeed him on Wednesday , just two days after she won the Conservative Party ’s leadership contest . Above , The British prime minister walked past the only member of the The British prime minister remaining behind : Larry the Cat , also known as The British prime minister mouser to the cabinet office . _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at Your Evening Briefing Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 