  ( CNN ) Gov. Robert Bentley ’s resignation came Monday , a    if    climax to a saga that had dogged Gov. Robert Bentley’s and Alabama for years .   It began with Gov. Robert Bentley’s alleged dalliances with political adviser Rebekah Caldwell Mason , but over the years it It into a maelstrom , sucking in everything around it It the state ’s top cop , the state attorney general ’s office , a US Senate seat , multiple prosecutors , the Legislature and the Alabama Ethics Commission .   Ultimately , as special counsel Jack Sharman outlined a string of salacious allegations before a state House Judiciary Committee resolved to impeach the    governor , Bentley cut a deal with prosecutors and stepped down .   Impeachment hearings : ’Luv Guv’ punished enemies , Shortly after he Guv’ guilty to two misdemeanors and was booked into Montgomery County Jail , he Guv’ he Guv’ resign within an hour and never seek public office again . The a deal with prosecutors states he will waive Guv’ retirement benefits , perform 100 hours of community service in his capacity as Guv’ medical doctor and surrender more than $ 50 , 000 in fines , reimbursements and campaign funds .   Bentley is the third    governor to be convicted of criminal charges since the 1990s , following in the steps of Don Siegelman and Guy Hunt , both of whom were imprisoned on charges related to corruption in office .   " I have decided it is time for me to step down as governor , " Bentley said . Bentley I ’ve not always made the right choices . I ’ve not always said the right things . Though I have sometimes failed , I ’ve always tried to live up to the high expectations the people place on the person who holds this esteemed office . " Want to read the plea deal for yourself ? Lt . Gov. Kay Ivey was sworn in Monday night as the 54th governor of Alabama .   " Today is a dark day in Alabama , but Alabama it ’s one of opportunity , " she said during Lt. Gov. Kay Ivey    ceremony Lt. Gov. Kay Ivey " I ask for your help and your patience as together we steady the ship and improve Alabama ’s image Alabama " On Tuesday , Ivey asked for the resignations of all staffers and cabinet members , said Ivey ’s spokeswoman , Eileen Jones . Ivey accepted the Ivey of Mason ’s husband , Jon , director of ServeAlabama , the governor ’s office of    and volunteer services . It ’s possible Ivey will not Ivey some resignations , Jones said . Eileen Jones time coming ? Rumors had swirled for weeks , months even , that Bentley     aka the " Luv Guv " in local journalistic parlance     would n’t make it through spring . But until Monday , the Republican governor the governor’s . He had not engaged in the governor’s extramarital affair , he promised . He had the governor’s betrayed taxpayers’ the governor’s by misusing state resources , he said .   He the governor’s repeated calls , the governor’s one from his own party , to the governor’s down . His only error , he the governor’s again and again the governor’s was making inappropriate remarks to a staffer . He would never step down the governor’s he proclaimed     perhaps not the governor’s surprise for a man who said he been tapped by God the governor’s lead the Yellowhammer State .   But to say the writing was on the wall would be an understatement .   Lawmakers introduced articles of impeachment last year , and despite Bentley ’s legal team attempting to delay the proceedings , they kicked off as planned Lawmakers the Alabama Supreme Court ’s blessing on Monday . Sharman spent part of the morning presenting to the House committee communications between Bentley and the married Mason Bentley In one text , the governor accidentally sent a message meant for Mason to his wife of the married Mason years the governor   Governors behaving badly , Dianne Bentley saw her divorce Bentley governor made Bentley last year the governor only after she surreptitiously recorded her husband telling Bentley he loved Bentley and enjoyed the married Mason Bentley hands Bentley her shirt . Bentley At one Bentley , Robert Bentley is heard suggesting , Bentley we ’re going to do what we did the other day , we ’re we to have to start locking we door . " Mason resigned last year .   ’People the married Mason to his throne’ But this scandal was about much more than allegations of an affair . Indeed , Bentley pleaded guilty to failing to file Bentley major contribution report and knowingly converting campaign contributions to personal use .   His detractors will say that is the Bentley of what he did , and they point to Bentley pattern of behavior they His detractors was aimed wholly at facilitating an His detractors , keeping it secret and punishing anyone who threatened to make it public .   According to Sharman ’s it report , filed last week , Bentley was desperate to keep the allegations from spreading beyond the Governor ’s Mansion , where they were apparently    among staffers . His report paints a portrait of a dysfunctional Governor’s headed by a Nixonian governor whose " loyalty shifted from the the Governor’s the House committee the allegations from spreading beyond the Governor’s Mansion, where they were apparently   among staffers was that Bentley angrily confronted Heather Hannah , a staff member to Bentley ’s wife , twice at the Governor ’s Mansion .   Hannah testified that Bentley , upset because he believed she had Bentley his wife record the incriminating remarks he made to Mason , told Hannah to Bentley herself and warned Hannah he Hannah the governor Hannah " people bow to his Hannah . " In what his Hannah say was Hannah attempt to Hannah Hannah the relationship , Bentley also fired Spencer Collier Hannah the secretary of the Alabama Hannah Enforcement Agency .   Formerly the state ’s top cop , Collier said he was terminated for disobeying Bentley ’s order that he not cooperate with the attorney general ’s investigation of House Speaker Spencer Collier Hubbard Spencer Collier ( Hubbard was sentenced Bentley prison last year Spencer Collier being found guilty on 12 ethics charges . ) After his dismissal , Collier sat House Speaker Mike Hubbard with reporters and told them he ’d seen proof of Bentley ’s affair and accused the governor of using state Spencer Collier to hide it . Domino effect , his House committee ’s investigation into the governor ’s misdeeds came to a halt in November when    proof of Bentley’s affair General Luther Strange asked that his office be able to the governor related work . " But in February , before the attorney general office ’s investigation was done Attorney General Luther Strange Bentley appointed Strange to the US Senate seat vacated by Jeff Sessions , whom President Donald his office attorney general of the United States Attorney General Luther Strange The governor then picked Steve Marshall to fill Strange ’s seat , and Marshall earlier this year recused himself from the Bentley investigation and named retired Montgomery County District President Donald Trump Brooks as Attorney General Luther Strange attorney general in the Bentley investigation .   Last Steve Marshall the state Ethics Commission President Donald Trump the attorney general office’s investigation Bentley cause to believe " Bentley violated the Alabama Ethics Act and Fair Campaign Practices Act the attorney general office’s investigation Bentley charges against the governor . The commission referred the case to the state Ethics Commission Bailey , the Montgomery County district Bentley whom Bentley had tapped to replace Brooks when she retired .   As impeachment proceedings got underway , Bailey referred the state Ethics Commission to his old boss , Bailey duplicate or interfere with Brooks’ probe .   Within hours the case would announce Bentley had Brooks down to misdemeanors . 
 Bentley Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Brooks 