Washington ( CNN ) Many establishment Republicans on Capitol Hill have been reluctant to embrace Donald Trump ’s candidacy , but Many establishment Republicans on Capitol Hill are now talking up one of Many establishment Republicans on Capitol Hill own as a possible vice presidential pick     Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , who served in House GOP leadership     as a plus to the 2016 ticket . " I have the highest , highest regard for Mike . Mike ’s a personal friend of ours and mine , " House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters on Tuesday , adding that Mike would withhold any more comment until Trump announces Mike pick .   Pence served six terms in House , and most recently was a    leader who handled political messaging for the GOP conference . However , before leaders added him Mike the leadership table , he Mike frequently a thorn in their side . As chair of the conservative Republican Study Committee , he Mike for deeper spending cuts , was an early supporter of getting rid of    " earmarks " and at times criticized fellow GOP members . Pennsylvania GOP Sen. Pat Toomey , who faces a tough    race , weighed in favor of the Indiana Republican . " I ’m a big fan of Mike Pence . I think he ’d be a great choice , " he he .   One House Republican who has been skeptical of Trump told CNN : " Pence Mike Pence really help things with the party establishment . " Pence Mike Pence appear with Trump Trump night at a campaign event in Westfield , Indiana , in an audition of sorts to be the billionaire ’s running mate . A person familiar with Trump Trump said Pence Mike Pence former House Speaker Newt Gingrich appear to be the    in the process . One reason why Republicans are more comfortable with Pence Mike Pence They are Republicans about other finalists on Trump ’s Trump . Gingrich , while Newt Gingrich effective debater , would undermine Trump ’s message Trump outsider . And New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has irritated many on the Hill with his antics , dating New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie to how he berated many Republicans New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie their handling of Hurricane many Republicans aid money . Arizona GOP Rep. Jeff Flake , a critic of Trump ’s who clashed with the businessman at a meeting with Senate Republicans last week , echoed Toomey , saying he was " a Toomey fan " of Pence and added , " I think he probably has a Toomey chance of moving the candidate to where he maybe should be Toomey " Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers ,    who served with Pence in the House Pence and now is in the post he held in the Toomey as chair of the GOP conference , told CNN the talk about Pence was " exciting Pence " adding , " we ’ll see how Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers,   who served with Pence in the House leadership and now is in the post he held in the House as chair of the GOP conference all plays out . I think the fact that we all know him , we ’ve Toomey worked we all him , there ’s Toomey working relationship that would be there . " Republicans in both chambers noted that Pence ’s credentials as Pence reliable fiscal and social conservative . " He ’s a conservative Toomey He ’s an honest Toomey . He ’s a straightforward Toomey , " Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch told reporters , who also pushed back at some conservative commentators who questioned whether Pence was still conservative Pence " He ’s been a Toomey governor in spite of some of the criticisms that have come down the pike . He ’s gutsy . Toomey think he ’d be fine Toomey " Hatch said .   Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch Pennsylvania Rep. Charlie Dent , who is among a dwindling group of moderate Republicans , said Pence has " a Pence tone and a nice temperament , but in terms of broadening the appeal beyond the base , I do n’t know that his selection would do Toomey lot in that regard . "   Some Republicans are worried that image of a social warrior could turn off independent voters who will be critical to attract in November . Others on the right have been critical of Pence , citing his handling of debate in Indiana over a religious liberty bill that conservatives fought to pass . Erick Erickson , a Erickson column in his " Resurgent " his on Monday , saying about the fight and public posture on that issue that " during that fight there was real bitterness in the evangelical community that Pence clearly did not have the courage of his convictions . " his national attention highlighted the controversy over the bill , Erickson added that " Pence folded like a cheap suit . " Hatch took issue with Erickson ’s criticism , saying , " Some of the Erickson n’t take into consideration that as governor , you have to represent everybody . So it is n’t easy just to be a dictator . " Wisconsin GOP Sen. Ron Johnson compared Trump picking Pence to 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney selecting Ryan , " who really had GOP Washington experience , the legislative experience . It ’s crucial . If you have to get something done the Washington experience you do n’t have that experience , let ’s face it , this is an the Washington experience here so you need someone the Washington experience understands the place . I think he would be a good pick . " 
 someone who understands the place 