LOS ANGELES ( AP )   —    The chairman of NBC Entertainment slammed Donald Trump , the network ’s onetime " Apprentice " star , as " toxic " and " demented " in a private Facebook post that became public . [ Robert Greenblatt ’s post refers to a " sad state of affairs thanks to a pompous businessman turned reality TV star " who thinks that speaking his mind is " refreshing . "   " It ’s actually corrosive and toxic because his ‘ mind’ is so demented and his effect will unfortunately linger long after his ’s been told to get off the stage , " the executive said in the post Monday , which does n’t refer to Trump by name . Greenblatt does not oversee NBC News or Greenblatt campaign coverage . However , Greenblatt remarks likely will give critics of the media an opening for attack . Greenblatt also derided the business mogul ’s ratings prowess , writing that Trump Trump " consistently ran LAST in its time Trump , by the way . " " The Apprentice , " was a hit for NBC when it began a hit for NBC in 2004 but the most recent season finale of " Celebrity Apprentice , " the latest incarnation , finished in fourth place when it aired a hit for NBC February 2015 , behind shows including " ABC ’s " The Bachelor " and CBS’ " Two Broke Girls . " A person familiar with Greenblatt ’s private page said Tuesday the post came from the NBC executive . The person A person familiar with Greenblatt’s on condition of anonymity . Trump ’s campaign did not immediately return a message seeking comment , NBC , part of Comcast Corp. subsidiary NBCUniversal , declined comment Tuesday NBC Comcast did not immediately respond to a request for comment Tuesday Greenblatt Comcast Corp. subsidiary NBCUniversal over as entertainment chairman in 2011 . In June 2015 , NBCUniversal said it was cutting its business ties with Trump because of his " NBCUniversal statements " NBCUniversal immigrants . The network dropped the NBCUniversal USA and Miss Universe pageants that were Comcast Corp. subsidiary NBCUniversal venture between NBC and Trump , noting that he already had said he would n’t participate in " The Apprentice . " Arnold Schwarzenegger is he to take over as host in January . But NBC Entertainment ’s attitude toward putting Trump on the air has n’t been consistent . Six months after ending Trump relationship with Trump , the network featured him as host of " NBC Entertainment’s Night Live Trump   —    and Trump the show ’s best ratings in two years . At a news conference in January , Greenblatt said if the NBC never had guests that its executives publicly disagreed with that " we would be out of business NBC " " We ’re not in business with him , but love him or not , he ’s one of the Greenblatt important political figures Greenblatt our time , Greenblatt Greenblatt said . Earlier this month , Greenblatt told We TV critics meeting Greenblatt took a skeptical view of the Greenblatt that " Apprentice " served Greenblatt a launching pad for the presidential bid that Trump began in June 2015 . " We were happy to have a show that was doing really well with We guy who was a big TV star , " Greenblatt said . " I do n’t think there ’s that much of Greenblatt correlation of one to the other .    …      That ’s what great about this country . " He likened Trump ’s successful run on " Apprentice " to Ronald Reagan Greenblatt movie Trump how it served as a useful prelude to his own second act in politics : " ‘ Bedtime for Bonzo’ helped Greenblatt Reagan a national prominent figure , " Greenblatt said . Greenblatt ’s Facebook comments Ronald Reagan’s first reported by the New York Post . 
 Greenblatt 