Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump said Thursday President Donald Trump believes the idea that Russia meddled in the 2016 election is a "   story " that Democrats are using to explain away President Donald Trump victory . " When I decided to just do it [ fire former FBI Director James Comey ] I said to President Donald Trump , I said you know , this Russia thing     with Trump and Russia     is a    story , " Trump and Russia     told NBC News in an interview . " It ’s an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election that the Democrats should have won . " He repeated that point Friday morning , tweeting : " Again , the story that there was collusion between the Russians   Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election . " The President ’s remarks come despite widespread agreement among US intelligence officials and lawmakers from both sides of the aisle that Russia did indeed interfere in the election . US officials     including prominent GOP lawmakers such as Sen. John McCain     have said they were US officials    including prominent GOP lawmakers such as Sen. John McCain     troubled " by Trump ’s abrupt firing of Comey   . Many Democratic lawmakers are calling for the appointment special prosecutor to take Comey ’s place in leading the investigation . Rep. Justin Amash , a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus , said in a tweet that the investigation the investigation be nonpartisan . " He wrote he Rep. Justin Amash, a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus be Rep. Justin Amash, a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus happy to join " other Republican representatives to cosponsor a bill that calls for an independent Russia investigation . Following Comey ’s Comey’s Trump ’s top deputies     including Vice President Mike Pence     publicly said that Trump acted only after Trump’s the recommendation to fire Comey from Deputy Comey’s General Rod Rosenstein . Trump disputed White House Trump’s by insisting he ’d long planned Trump’s fire Comey , even Comey’s his Justice Department provided Trump’s a reason . Trump’s Regardless of recommendation , I was going to fire Comey , " Comey’s said . Comey’s added that he Trump’s Comey because Trump’s Comey’s a " Trump’s " and a " grandstander . " 
 