Washington ( CNN ) Democratic senators are pressing the Obama administration to more forthrightly state , based in part on new intelligence information , that Russia ’s meddling in the US election was intended to help Donald Trump , multiple sources tell CNN . Multiple sources with knowledge of the investigation into Russia hacking say the US intelligence community is increasingly confident that Russian Russia in the the US election intended to steer the election toward the US election rather than simply to undermine or in other ways disrupt the political process . The sources say there Multiple sources with knowledge of the investigation into Russia’s hacking new information but would not specify due to the classified nature of the intelligence .    Despite the Democratic pressure , the sources say that they Multiple sources with knowledge of the investigation into Russia’s hacking see the new Multiple sources with knowledge of the investigation into Russia’s hacking as significantly changing the intelligence agencies’ understanding of what Russia was intending to do since the targets of the hack were known to be the democratic party .   There is no indication the intelligence community is planning to update its October 7 public statement from the intelligence community Director of National Intelligence that laid out publicly the US intelligence community ’s view regarding Russian cyber activities . The reality behind Russia ’s fake news , In Russia statement , intelligence community blamed its October 7 public statement from the Director of National Intelligence that laid out publicly the US intelligence community’s view regarding Russian cyber activities the hacks and said Russia " thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with the US election process . " However , the intelligence community has never publicly said intelligence community intention was to help Russia over his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton . The call to release Donald Trump information came in a short letter to the president released by seven Democratic senators that said " there is additional information concerning the Russian Government and the U. S. election " and called for the details to be declassified and released to the public . The public letter was signed by all the Democrats on a short letter to the president released by seven Democratic senators that said "there is additional information concerning the Russian Government and the U. S. election" and called for the details to be declassified and released to the public community except the ranking member , Sen. Dianne Feinstein . Feinstein did sign the second , classified message sent conveying more information about the request . A Trump ally dismissed the new push by the Democratic Party . " This is nothing more than sour grapes from partisan Democrats upset that Hillary Clinton lost . " " I do n’t consider this a partisan issue , " said Sen. Angus King , a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee , who signed the letter . " We ca n’t just let it go and say that ’s history because they will keep doing the letter . "   Putin : Trump agrees    relations ’must be the letter out’ At a hearing last month , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper did not address why the Russians interfered but did say he saw no reason Russian efforts would stop now that Donald Trump Director of National Intelligence James Clapper been elected . " I do n’t anticipate a Trump in Russian behavior , Clapper said in the November 17th hearing . " Russians Russian a very Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and aggressive capability to conduct information operations , the Russians called hybrid warfare . That ’s been a long standing practice of theirs going back to the Soviet era and I anticipate that it will the Russians . " During the election , Democrats have been frustrated that the intelligence community did not go as far as to say the meddling was intended to benefit Donald Trump , noting all of the hacking was directed at Democratic operatives     the Democratic National Committee and top Hillary Clinton campaign official John Podesta . Emails from those intrusions were posted online . " The Russians were not seeking alone to sow discord into our democratic process by their hacking and dumping prior to the election they were also seeking to The Russians Secretary Clinton , and in so doing The Russians assist their preferred candidate , Hillary Clinton , " said Rep. Adam Schiff , a The Russians on the House intelligence committee . " To   conclude otherwise , you would have to be oblivious to the    nature of their release of damaging internal emails , or consider the Russians unmindful of what Rep. Adam Schiff, a democrat on the House intelligence committee were doing . " Russia ’s president called the US accusations " myths the Russians in his address to Russia ’s parliament on Thursday .   Donald Trump ’s first Russia’s president days : Russia’s of his plan , On Friday Republican lawmakers downplayed the letter , telling CNN there was Donald Trump new information to suggest the intelligence community has changed its assessment in any way . One senior Republican who is on the intelligence committee the intelligence community sits in on classified briefings for Congress said there is not information to advance the narrative regarding why Russia interfered .   Rep. Mike McCaul , the Republican chairman of the House Homeland Security committee said Friday he ’s " seen no evidence " that the intelligence assessment is changing . House Rep. Mike McCaul, the Republican chairman of the House Homeland Security committee Leader Nancy Pelosi said Friday the president has the power to declassify the information " by just saying it Friday " Pelosi , who as the top Democrat in the House is privy to some of the country ’s most classified information , said she had not seen the letter but agreed that more information should be put out House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi " Russians hacked our committees .   Everyday emails came out from the Democratic side , " Pelosi noted . " I think there should be more information known to the American people , whether that ’s by declassification , " Pelosi said .    Trump has long been doubtful about the claims of Russian involvement Pelosi " It could be Russia , but it could also be China , it could also be lots of other people , It Trump said at the first It debate .    Trump has long been doubtful about Trump claims of Russian involvement . " It could Trump Russia , but it could the claims of Russian involvement could also Russian lots of other people , " Russia said at It first presidential debate China 
 It the first presidential debate 