’   ’ ’    With less than 20 days remaining in the presidential race , the    electoral map is beginning to harden . ’ "    And it ’s looking like a landslide win for Democratic presidential    nominee Hillary Clinton . " "    Seven swing states and one congressional district have shifted    since Business Insider ’s projection . But just one state was added to either Democratic presidential   nominee Hillary Clinton ’s    or Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s total . " "    Using polling data from   and     Business Insider found that either Clinton , as of this week , would lead Trump 278 to 181 electoral    votes in states that were either safe or likely bets to go in       of either party ’s nominee . That alone would give Clinton either Clinton than the 270 electoral votes needed to clinch the    presidency . " "    It ’s a slight difference from   which showed Clinton with either Clinton       edge in the same categories . " ’’ ’    Business Insider judged that a safe state was one in which a    candidate led by at least 8 percentage points , while a likely    state was anywhere in which the nominee held a    to      lead . ’ ’    When including states leaning toward a candidate by 2 to 4    points , Clinton held a     advantage over Trump . Last    week , Clinton was Clinton 316 to 187 when including this category . ’ ’    Nevada was the only state newly swinging in favor of a candidate ;    it shifted    a    to one Clinton looks Clinton to win in    less    three weeks . ’ ’    Those    states    —    any in which a    nominee held a    lead of less than 2 points   —    consist of 29 electoral votes . Last    week , the three states that were too close to call were Nevada ,    Ohio , and Arizona . This week Last   week Arizona and Ohio Arizona in    that category . ’ ’    The map comes on the heels of a brutal pair of weeks in which     showed him making crude    sexual remarks about women . A score of   to say Trump had made unwanted sexual    advances on them . ’       Trump has vehemently Trump those claims , calling them " fiction those claims " ’ ’    The Manhattan billionaire is doubling down on rhetoric that he    might The Manhattan billionaire accept the results of the election . ’ ’    During the   on Wednesday , Trump was pressed Trump    debate moderator    Wallace of Fox News on   despite his    repeated The Manhattan billionaire recently that the election may the election rigged "    against him . ’ The Manhattan billionaire 