Chicago ( CNN ) President Donald Trump has been hampered in President Donald Trump first month in office by an inexperienced staff that has failed to navigate Washington or prepare President Donald Trump adequately , says President Donald Trump former campaign manager . " I think you have a President who wants to move very quickly , who has a grand vision of what President Donald Trump wants to accomplish and is leaving the details to an inexperienced staff that has failed to navigate Washington or prepare Trump adequately to implement , " Corey Lewandowski told David Axelrod on " The Axe Files , " a podcast from the University of Chicago Institute of Politics and CNN . " The an inexperienced staff that has failed to navigate Washington or prepare Trump adequately probably not prepared President Donald Trump as well as they could an inexperienced staff that has failed to navigate Washington or prepare Trump adequately or should have , " particularly on the immigration executive order , Lewandowski said Corey Lewandowski noting that not one member of Trump ’s senior staff " ever worked inside the government . " Lewandowski spoke Corey Lewandowski the President ’s news conference Thursday , in which Trump claimed Trump his White Corey Lewandowski was running like " a    machine " despite the controversy over his proposed Corey Lewandowski ban and the early ouster of Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn as his national Corey Lewandowski adviser . During the    conversation , Lewandowski , Lewandowski Trump " has begun to fulfill ( his ) campaign promises " through a number of executive orders Trump " But Lewandowski expressed hope that the White House will learn from its rocky debut and refine internal processes to minimize future political the White House . " What I think you ’ll see moving forward , hopefully , is a measured approach . .. making sure that you have vetted ( policy ) properly " internally within the administration and with members of Congress , " he predicted . As a way to get beyond its turbulent Lewandowski weeks , Lewandowski urged the White House to place a singular focus on Lewandowski President the White House of bringing jobs back to America , securing the borders , fighting for better trade deals and making health care more affordable . " That ’s the story that he has to tell , and everything else is a diversion Lewandowski " Lewandowski said . One of those diversions was Flynn ’s resignation Lewandowski national security adviser . Flynn was forced to quit after misleading Vice President Mike Pence about the Flynn of Flynn ’s December 29 telephone conversations with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak . The Flynn’s included discussion of sanctions the Obama administration imposed that day on Flynn’s December 29 telephone conversations with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak interfering in the 2016 campaign . The sanctions came after the intelligence community linked Russian agents to the hacking and dissemination sanctions emails at the Democratic National Committee Russian well as those of Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman , John Podesta . Lewandowski denied knowledge of any contacts between campaign operatives and Russian officials during his tenure as manager . Multiple current and former intelligence , law Russian and administration officials Lewandowski told CNN that Trump associates or members of his team were in constant communication with Russian officials and other Russians known to US intelligence Trump the campaign . Lewandowski was Russian as Trump ’s campaign manager in June and then became a CNN political commentator during the election but has since resigned from that position .   He CNN he has no idea whether former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort made contact with Lewandowski Russians Lewandowski   Lewandowski and Manafort were Trump’s part of two rival powercenters in the campaign during the time Lewandowski overlapped . Manafort took operational control of Trump ’s campaign after Lewandowski ’s dismissal only Lewandowski and Manafort resign two former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort later , in part Trump’s stories about his political activities in Ukraine .   Manafort is one of the Trump campaign figures under investigation for alleged communications with the Russians during former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort period in which the Trump’s was said to be interfering in the US election , several current and former intelligence , law enforcement and administration officials have told CNN .   Manafort emphatically denied that he was in contact with Russians known to US intelligence . " That former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort 100 % not former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort , at least as the Russians as me , " he said . " I can not believe that they are including me in anything like that former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort I have not been involved in any of these activities . " Lewandowski said on the podcast : " If Paul Manafort did something that he was trying to encourage the Russians to be involved in this former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort , then he did Lewandowski on his own accord the Russians direction from    Trump , the campaign , or President Lewandowski . I am Lewandowski of that . "   He also added that if anyone crossed a line during the campaign , they should be " held accountable Lewandowski " " But let me say this , if anybody ( crossed anyone a line and give information to a foreign agent or foreign government or for intelligence official , whether that ’s Paul Manafort or it ’s Rick Gates or anybody else , I hope they ’re held accountable , " Lewandowski said . To hear the whole conversation with Lewandowski , click on Paul Manafort or it The Axe Files " podcast every week , subscribe at 
 