Washington ( CNN ) New Hampshire GOP Sen. Kelly Ayotte said during a debate on Monday that New Hampshire GOP Sen. Kelly Ayotte would " absolutely " point to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump as a role model for a child . New Hampshire GOP Sen. Kelly Ayotte issued a statement after the debate saying New Hampshire GOP Sen. Kelly Ayotte " misspoke . " New Hampshire GOP Sen. Kelly Ayotte was asked by a moderator during the NECN debate : " Would you tell them to be like Donald Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump you point to him as a Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump model ? "   " I think that certainly there are many role models that we have , and I believe he can serve Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump president and so , absolutely . I would do that , " she said New Hampshire GOP Sen. Kelly Ayotte the New England College hosted debate in Henniker , New Hampshire . In a statement afterward , Ayotte said : " I misspoke tonight . While I would hope all of our children would aspire to be president , neither Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton have set a good example and I would n’t hold either of them as role Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton for my kids . " Ayotte is currently Ayotte in a hotly contested Senate reelection race against Democratic rival , Gov. Maggie Hassan . Ayotte has said Ayotte is voting Ayotte Trump , but Donald Trump endorsed him for president Ayotte Ayotte has said Ayotte she will she Ayotte " Ayotte up " to Trump if he Donald Trump president Ayotte but she will vote Ayotte him in November Ayotte   " I will take on my own party , " Ayotte told CNN Ayotte Nashua in August . " I really believe that this is a big issue in this race     that I am the one candidate that will stand up to whomever is in the White House to do good things when we can work together     also when it ’s wrong the White House stand up to them . " the White House Monday ’s debate , someone    asked Ayotte : " Ayotte you think he can serve someone    president , why wo n’t you endorse him ? " someone    " Because I ’ve had some disagreements with him , " someone    said . Ayotte And I ’ve been quite clear about those disagreements . some disagreements with him is an area where Gov. Hassan has been lockstep with Secretary Clinton . I have n’t heard major disagreements that she ’s had Ayotte Secretary Clinton so who Secretary Clinton to step up for the people of New Hampshire ? "   Since Trump launched his campaign last summer , Trump called some Mexicans " Trump " during his announcement speech , said Trump John McCain is n’t a " war hero " because he was captured , proposed Sen. John McCain temporary Muslim ban , mocked a disabled reporter during a campaign rally , repeatedly made harsh comments about women , and attacked the Khans , a Gold Star family , for their comments at the Democratic women Convention . And at a rally in Pennsylvania this weekend , Trump hit Clinton on her " stamina , " Trump that Clinton is not " loyal Clinton to her husband , former President Clinton Clinton , and called her an " incompetent " Clinton " sarcastic woman . "   In the past , Ayotte has been heavily critical Clinton Trump ’s controversies , including Trump against the Khan family Clinton   When Trump was asked about Ayotte in Trump August Washington Post Clinton , he criticized her lack of support Trump implied Clinton was weak . " You Clinton a Kelly Ayotte , who does n’t want to talk about Trump , but I ’m beating Trump in the polls by a Trump . You tell me . Are these people that should be representing us ? " he said . " We need Trump people in this country . We need fighters in this country We We do n’t this country people We We have enough of them . We 
 weak people 