Each successive week of this historic presidential campaign brings the issues facing voters into clearer focus . Each successive week of this historic presidential campaign , Donald Trump closed the deal on the Republican presidential nomination while the Democrats escalated their the Democrats combat . [ Trump Donald Trump broadened his Donald Trump of support by emphasizing job creation , economic growth and national security , while the two Democratic candidates have descended into a slugfest to determine which can genuflect lower before the radical ,      fringe of the Democratic Party .   One thing Trump Donald Trump how to do is build . Time and again , he Donald Trump assembled teams of the most capable , qualified people to create some of the world ’s most iconic properties . But Trump Donald Trump not just a builder of luxury towers and hotels he Donald Trump a leader and a creator of jobs . Trump Donald Trump how to spot opportunity and seize it Donald Trump He Donald Trump applied this same winning formula to campaigning . As an outsider to politics , he Donald Trump the people of this country calling for someone with business savvy and a willingness to break the political mold by speaking the truth . He Donald Trump a broad strategy , brought together the right team to execute it a broad strategy and readily adapted it a broad strategy the various attacks directed at him Donald Trump As a result , a    number of voters ( over 11 , 540 , 000 ) have responded to his Donald Trump and rewarded him Donald Trump the Republican nomination . Compare this successful formula with the dysfunction engulfing the Democratic Party . Last week , while Trump was securing his Trump , the Democrats sank further into an abyss of their own making the Democrats Secretary Clinton has failed to put away her opponent and Secretary Clinton troublingly , she has kowtowed Secretary Clinton her party ’s Secretary Clinton , socialist ,    flank in an attempt to peel supporters away from Senator Sanders . The latest example is her acquiescence to Secretary Clinton appointment by Senator Sanders of extremists to her party ’s Secretary Clinton committee . Secretary Clinton ’s shift to the    to secure her party ’s Secretary Clinton desperate attempt to defeat Senator Sanders that has justifiably alarmed many in the Jewish community , as well as millions of   . For example , Cornel West , a    democratic socialist who is now on the Democratic platform committee , and James Zogby , another Sanders’ appointee to the platform committee , each espouse virulent    views and yet they find themselves holding positions of influence they to the Democratic candidates . For West , Hamas’ indiscriminate and intentional attacks on Israeli civilians somehow pale in comparison to what he maliciously called the " slaughter of innocent civilians " by our ally , Israel . West has referred to Israeli West Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as a " war criminal , " and , in the same speech , to President Obama as one as well . What does it say about the state of a Democratic Party if the drafters of its national platform consider its the state of a Democratic Party for the past the state of a Democratic Party years a war criminal ? For his part , Zogby , one of the leading advocates of the    BDS movement in the U. S. has equated the " plight of the Palestinians " with the Holocaust . This comparison is grossly offensive to the memory of the millions of innocent people murdered by the Nazis and reveals a willful ignorance of history , blinded by hatred of Israel . These are the people who a willful ignorance of history, blinded by hatred of Israel be writing the platform for the Democratic Party . What hope does Israel have of receiving fair Israel in such an environment ? What positions of influence would Secretary Clinton grant these dangerous individuals should she take the White House Secretary Clinton Trump knows there is absolutely no moral equivalency between Hamas’ use of civilian human shields to fire missiles at Israel and Israel ’s attempts Israel stop Israel missiles from launching in the first place . Trump will also seek to Trump that Iran never obtains nuclear weapons . Furthermore , Trump is the only candidate Trump stands any chance of facilitating a lasting peace in the    conflict through the use of his    abilities as a Trump . Compare the promises made by Secretary Clinton and Senator Sanders of massive new taxes that would weaken America ’s competitiveness and cripple job creation with the promises made by Trump to bring jobs back to America and negotiate trade deals America actually make sense for our country , and you America which candidate is actually capable of ensuring our country ’s economic success . Compare the Democrats’ association with    BDS supporters and those who demonize our staunch ally Israel with Trump ’s    support of Israel Trump his unwavering dedication to Israel one true democracy in the Middle East , and you will know which candidate will be a true friend to Israel . Let us choose wisely Israel the choice is still ours to make . We need Donald J. Trump . Jason Greenblatt Trump Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of The Trump Organization and a    of www . inspireconversation . com . Follow Jason on Twitter @JasonDovEsq 
 