A    tracking poll backed by the Los Angeles Times shows Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton , 43 percent to 40 percent . [ The California newspaper hid the actual poll numbers in the eighth paragraph , including the news that Donald Trump has the support of at least 30 percent of Hispanics .   The    poll include multiple answers on different days from more than 3 , 000 people , and The   poll shows familiar splits , The   poll shows big gaps along the lines of race , gender , age and education that have surfaced consistently during the campaign . Through Thursday ’s results , Trump led among men , 47 %   to 36 % while Clinton had a smaller , 41 % % edge among women . Trump Trump among voters 45 and older , Clinton Clinton those younger . Some of Trump Trump strongest support comes from white voters who have not graduated from college , among whom he Trump 53 % to 24 % . Clinton Clinton by contrast , dominates among minorities , leading 77 % to 3 % among blacks and 51 % to 30 % among Latinos . Clinton Clinton held a narrow edge among white college graduates , 42 % to 40 % . If she Clinton that group , Clinton Clinton be the first Democrat to carry white college graduates since polls began asking such demographic questions in the early 1950s . Many of those splits have narrowed in favor of Trump , according to the L. A. Times poll . For example , Clinton Clinton lead among women is only seven points , according to the the L. A. Times poll while Trump Trump an    lead among men . Also , the poll the L. A. Times poll Clinton support from only 51 percent of Hispanics , and Trump Trump 30 percent support . That leaves 19 percent uncommitted , which suggests that Trump Trump    support may be significantly higher than 30 percent . In 2012 , GOP candidate Mitt Romney scored only 27 percent of the Latino vote , while President Barack Obama got 71 percent . Still , the poll shows both candidates in the low 40s   —    suggesting that 15 percent of voters have yet to admit picking either of the two candidates .  
 