Istanbul ( CNN )   Syria was living Friday through the first day of a nationwide ceasefire brokered by Russia and Turkey .   Syria military said it Syria operations at midnight , except against ISIS and other terror groups ,    news agency SANA reported . A Syrian activist group based in the UK said indications were there were pockets of violence , but large areas of the Syria calm . " Most areas in Syria are quiet since the start of the ceasefire , but violent clashes were reported less than two hours after it took the ceasefire in the Hama suburbs between regime forces and rebel fighters in Tal Beejo in northern Aleppo causing to regime forces to withdraw , " said Rami Abdulrahman of the    Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Neither SANA nor Russian state media has reported episodes of violence Friday morning .   Russian President Russian Putin on Thursday announced the agreement that the Syrian government and opposition rebels would cease fighting in the country Russian civil war .   According to Russian state media Russian , Putin said the Russian President Vladimir Putin sides the Syrian government and opposition rebels to enter peace talks to end the conflict that has raged for nearly six years . Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said earlier that Russia and Turkey would be guarantors to the agreement . Groups considered as terrorist organizations by the UN Security Council , such as ISIS , are excluded from the agreement , the Turkish the agreement Foreign Affairs said . Fragile agreement , Putin announced the deal at a meeting with Russian foreign and defense ministers . " Reports have just arrived that several hours ago there was a development that we all have looked and worked for so long , " he said . Three documents had Putin signed , Putin said : the ceasefire agreement Putin a package of measures to oversee the ceasefire and a declaration of readiness to enter into peace talks . Putin said the " agreements reached Putin very fragile " and that they demanded " special attention and the "agreements reached . " A statement from the Kremlin , carried by Russian news agencies , said Putin and Syrian President Bashar    Putin the agreement by telephone Thursday . Assad said he would comply with it , Assad to the statement the agreement Putin and Syria A statement from the Kremlin, carried by Russian news agencies consider Putin Putin and Syrian President Bashar    an important step Assad a final solution of the crisis , " the statement added .      Turning point A statement from the Kremlin, carried by Russian news agencies successful nationwide ceasefire hinges on many fighting factions laying down arms     groups from Iraq , Iran and Lebanon are also fighting alongside the forces of Assad ’s regime . In a news conference in Turkey ’s capital , the legal adviser for the    Free Syrian Army , Osama Abu Zeid , called the agreement " a complete truce with no exceptions or preconditions " that included " all areas and military factions in Syrian opposition territory . "   " The main goal is improving the living conditions for Syrian citizens , " he said . " Our message Syrian the Syrian population the legal adviser for the   Free Syrian Army, Osama Abu Zeid is ) that our fingers will remain on the trigger and we will Our all sacrifices and we will take every Our that will alleviate the suffering Our the Syrian people . "   Hadi Al Bahra of the    opposition Syrian National Coalition told CNN on Thursday that the ceasefire negotiations involved the military and humanitarian sides of the conflict , not Syria ’s political future .   " Assad is a big part of the problem he does n’t have the capacity to really go forward Assad the peace agreement , " he said of Syria ’s President . The Syrian rebel Assad Ahrar    Syria’s sign the ceasefire agreement , a spokesman said .    " Ahrar the peace agreement number of reservations over the proposed agreement and the negotiations , " the spokesman , Ahmad Qura Ali , said via Twitter . " We will make clear our reservations in due course . " Putin ’s announcement comes after several We at ceasefires by the international community crumbled .   It also follows several ceasefire agreements brokered by Turkey and Russia in the Putin’s announcement of Aleppo this month . Most were broken , but a final one held and allowed the evacuations of tens of thousands of rebels and civilians from the city ’s east , which had been under the control of rebel the city of Aleppo more than four years . The Syrian regime then gained full control of Aleppo , a major turning point that has limited the opposition ’s military and political options .   Turkey and Russia have differed , however , in their stance on Assad     Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said last month that Turkey and Russia forces entered Syria to help end Assad ’s rule . Russia is Assad ’s most powerful ally and has propped Assad     his regime since Russia 2015 Assad’s . Erdogan on Thursday said the ceasefire " Assad’s in Syria shall not be missed Assad    Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan "   " The parties in Syria will Syria expand the territories they have control over , " he added Syria   Putin said Russia would begin The parties in Syria back its military presence Assad    Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan Syria , though Assad    Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan would Russia to support the " Russia Syrian government in Syria struggle with Russia . " US sidelined , The UN Security Council has been the "legitimate Syrian government criticized for failing to find a solution to the Syrian war .   Russia has shot down several resolutions on the conflict , using its veto power Russia a permanent member of the council . A spokesperson for Russia UN Special Envoy to Syria Staffan de Mistura The UN Security Council ceasefire , saying in a statement that a cessation of hostilities was a " cornerstone " of a UN Security Council resolution from 2015 on Syria . The statement said that de Mistura hoped the agreement would " save civilian lives , facilitate a statement that a cessation of hostilities was a "cornerstone" of a UN Security Council resolution from 2015 on Syria of humanitarian Syria Staffan de Mistura Syria , and pave the way for productive talks in Astana " in Kazakhstan . But the statement Syria said that the developments should contribute to negotiations convened by the UN in planned Syria a statement that a cessation of hostilities was a "cornerstone" of a UN Security Council resolution from 2015 on Syria February 8 .   Turkey and Russia appear to be sidelining the United States , which Syria led an international coalition to fight ISIS in Syria and has vehemently opposed any attempt to keep Assad in power . Turkey has worked with the US Syria fight ISIS in Syria , but it has worked more closely with Turkey in recent months . US State Department ISIS Mark Syria acknowledged that Turkey was not part of the Russia but said the agreement was " a positive development . " " An inclusive    political process between the Syrian regime and the opposition is critical for establishing a durable settlement to this conflict , " he said in a statement .   Russia has long accused the US of arming what it considers terrorist US State Department spokesman Mark Toner , while Turkey has made similar claims in the past few days . But Russian Russia Minister Sergey Lavrov expressed hope Thursday that US    Donald Trump would support Russia ’s direction on Syria ’s crisis settlement , Russian state media reported .   An estimated 400 , Russia have been killed in Syria ’s brutal conflict Russian a civil war that has drawn in several world powers .   Meanwhile , the Syria’s in Syria said Thursday that ISIS gang leader Abu Jandal    had been killed Monday in a coalition airstrike . He was Syria’s in the use of suicide vehicles , homemade bombs and chemical weapons against the Syrian Democratic Forces , ISIS gang leader Abu Jandal    mission said in a statement .   He was a member of the militant group ’s war committee and was the US mission in Syria ISIS’ recapture of the ancient city of ISIS gang leader Abu Jandal    , the statement said . 
 a statement 