Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump believes millions of votes were cast illegally in last year ’s election , White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Tuesday , but White House press secretary Sean Spicer would n’t provide any concrete evidence for the claim , which has long been debunked . " President Donald Trump does believe that , I think he President Donald Trump stated that before , and stated his President Donald Trump of voter fraud and people voting illegally during the campaign and continues to maintain that belief based on studies and evidence people have brought to him President Donald Trump " Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer . Pressed for what evidence exists , Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer say only that Trump " has believed that for a while based on studies and information he Trump " . " When pushed about whether Trump Trump " call for an investigation into the voter fraud , Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer , " maybe we will . " Trump Trump " the top Republicans and Democrats in Congress on Monday when , during a dinner at the White House , he Trump " his Trump " that millions of undocumented immigrants voted for Hillary Clinton     allegedly depriving him Trump " the popular vote , according to two sources familiar with the meeting . Trump Trump " the popular vote to Hillary Hillary Clinton nearly 3 million votes in November , but won the Electoral College and thus the presidency . Trump Trump " however , has seemingly been fixated on the popular the popular vote after the election in November that , " November addition to winning the Electoral College in the Electoral College I won the popular vote if the popular vote millions of people who voted illegally . " A number of studies have found no evidence of widespread voter fraud . The Truth About Voter Fraud , a report written by experts at The Brennan Center for Justice , found voter fraud rates were between 0 . 00004 % and 0 . 0009 % . " Given this tiny incident rate for voter impersonation fraud , it is more likely that an American will be struck by lightning than that he will impersonate another voter at the polls , " reads the report . Trump ’s lawyers     in a report written by experts at The Brennan Center for Justice to Green Party candidate Jill Stein ’s Michigan recount petition     have also argued that there was no evidence voter fraud in the 2016 election . " All available evidence suggests that the 2016 general election was not tainted by fraud or mistake , " the lawyers wrote in a filing .   South Trump’s lawyers    in an objection to Green Party candidate Jill Stein’s Michigan recount petition     Sen. Lindsey Graham slammed Trump earlier Tuesday over the claim . " I was n’t there , but if the President of the United States is claiming that 3 . 5 million people voted illegally , that shakes confidence in our democracy   —    he needs to disclose why he believes that , " the President of the United States told CNN . Spicer the President of the United States Tuesday that Trump believes South Carolina Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham widespread voter fraud , in earlier Tuesday , Trump of a study that found 14 % of people who voted were   . Spicer did not say expressly which study Trump has read Spicer but a 2014 study by Jesse Trump and David Earnest found more than 14 % of    in 2008 and 2010 " indicated that they were registered to vote . " The authors wrote Jesse Richman and David Earnest in a Washington Post opinion piece , the report showed " that 6 . 4 percent of    voted in 2008 and 2 . 2 percent of    voted in 2010 . " The study was designed by Cooperative Congressional Election Study , a 2014 study by Jesse Richman and David Earnest 2014 the group said their sample was so small that it could be incorrect and the group to normal survey error and a 2014 study by Jesse Richman and David Earnest    saying that they are registered to vote . Trump ’s campaign cited in the group a 2012 study from the Pew Charitable Trusts entitled " Inaccurate , Costly and Inefficient : Evidence that American Voter Registration Systems Needs an Upgrade " as backup for that claim . The study found that " about 24 million voter registrations are a 2012 study from the Pew Charitable Trusts entitled "Inaccurate, Costly and Inefficient: Evidence that American Voter Registration Systems Needs an Upgrade" as backup for that claim valid or are significantly inaccurate " and " more than 1 . 8 million dead people are listed as voters . " The study , which is based on 2011 data , is about the need to update voter rolls and underscores deficiencies in the voter registration system , but does not show that people who have registrations in two states are voting twice for Democrats or for Republicans . David Becker , the primary author of the Pew Report , tweeted in November , " We found millions of out of date registration records due to people moving or dying , but found no evidence that voter fraud resulted . " 
 