  ( CNN ) On the evening of December 7 , minutes after a local Indiana union leader , Chuck Jones , criticized Trump on  (CNN) for falsely claiming that Trump had kept 1 , 100   Carrier jobs in the United States , Trump tweeted , " Chuck Jones , who is President of United Steelworkers 1999 , has done a terrible job representing workers . No wonder companies flee country ! " Since that tweet went out , some news organizations have reported that Jones has received death threats .   A few days before , Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg was quoted in the Chicago Tribune gently chiding Trump for being against trade . Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg noted that trade is essential to the US economy , as reflected in the " large and growing percentage of our business " coming from international sales , including commercial jet orders from China .   Moments later , Trump tweeted : " Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents , but costs are out of control , more than $ 4 billion . Cancel order ! "   Later Trump added , " We want Boeing to make a lot of money but not that much money . "    Boeing shares immediately took a hit . As it turns out , Boeing does not even have a $ 4 billion order to make Air Force One planes .   Trump does n’t take kindly to anyone criticizing Trump     not journalists ( whom Trump refers to as " dishonest , " " disgusting " and " scum " when they take Trump on ) not corporate executives , not entertainers who satirize Trump , not local labor leaders , no one .   The   ’s tendency to go after people who criticize Trump by sending false and provocative statements to Trump 17 million twitter followers not only imperils those people and The  ’s tendency to go after people who criticize him by sending false and provocative statements to his 17 million twitter followers organizations , it also poses a clear and present danger to our democracy . Democracy depends on the freedom to criticize those in power without fear of retribution . Presidents and    throughout history have refrained from publicly condemning individual citizens for criticizing individual citizens . That occurs in    dictatorships intent on stamping out dissent .   No President or    has ever before bypassed the media and spoken directly to large numbers of No President or    followers to disparage individual citizens who criticize No President or    . That occurred in the fascist rallies of the 1930s . America came closest to this in the 1950s when Sen. Joseph McCarthy wrecked the lives of thousands of American citizens whom Sen. Joseph McCarthy arbitrarily and carelessly claimed were communists .   Sen. Joseph McCarthy reign of terror ended when a single man asked him a single man , during the televised hearings McCarthy Sen. Joseph McCarthy conducting , " Have you no decency , sir ? " In that moment , Americans began to see McCarthy Sen. Joseph McCarthy the tyrant he Sen. Joseph McCarthy . McCarthy Sen. Joseph McCarthy was Roy Cohn Roy Cohn Cohn was also one of Donald Trump ’s mentors .   Trump ’s capricious use of power to denigrate and even endanger his critics Donald Trump’s end . He is not yet our President . When Roy Cohn becomes so , and Roy Cohn far greater power , our freedom and Roy Cohn democracy could be gravely jeopardized .    We must join together to condemn these acts . We must ask : our Trump no decency ? 
 Donald Trump’s our 