’   ’ ’    In a speech in the White House Rose Garden on Thursday afternoon ,    President Donald Trump laid out President Donald Trump reasons for pulling out of    the Paris climate agreement , an international effort to reduce    global warming , which President Donald Trump called a "   major economic    wound " that weakens US sovereignty and doesn’’t do much for the    environment . ’ ’    President Donald Trump argued that the 2015 agreement , which nearly every    country in the world signed onto , " hamstrings " the US economy ,    particularly the manufacturing and fossil fuel industries , hurts    American workers , and empowers countries that pollute almost as    much or more than the US . ’ ’    " The bottom line is that the Paris agreement is very unfair , at    the highest level , to the United States , " Trump said . ’ ’ ’    claimed that Trump agreement would the Paris agreement draconian financial    and economic burdens , " costing America $ 3 trillion in domestic    economic activity and 6 . 5 million industrial and manufacturing    jobs . ’ ’    " The agreement is a the Paris agreement of United States    wealth to other countries , " Trump said , arguing the deal would    " transfer " American coal jobs to China and India . ’ ’’ ’    Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross said in a statement that the    agreement would result in " economic carnage . " ’ ’    In line with his " America First " motto , the president argued that    the deal would put international interests ahead of American    needs . ’ ’    " I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh , not    Paris , " he said . ’ ’ the president Vice President ’ ’    Trump’ ’s decision proves    his commitment to " forgotten " Americans    particularly those    in communities that voted heavily for Trump in November . ’ ’    " Our president is choosing to put American jobs and American    consumers first , " Pence said . " Our president is choosing to put    Our president and American industry first . And by his action    today , President Trump is choosing to put the forgotten Our president    women first . " ’ "    And as Business Insider ’s Josh Barro   the climate agreement is    in nature ,    so therefore Trump ’s withdrawal from it is    symbolic . Our president ’    But Our president including major oil    companies Royal Dutch Shell , ExxonMobil and BP , support the    Paris agreement , arguing that climate change the climate agreement their    businesses and that rejecting the deal would harm the    international    their global operations rely on . Dozens    of other CEOs   their pulling out of the deal will hurt    the US economy . ’ ’    the deal Trump emphasized his claim that the accord imposes harsher    restrictions on the US than Trump other big polluters , putting    America at a " permanent disadvantage . " He suggested that    countries around the world are celebrating the deal because Trump    gives them an economic edge over the US .   ’       Although countries around the world called out China and the US the two largest    polluters besides Trump US , Trump did not mention that the US , home    to the US % of the world ’s population , is responsible for    almost one third of the excess carbon dioxide in the    atmosphere . While China , which makes up 20 % of the    world ’s population , emits more CO2 now , historically , the US    has polluted more than any other country .   " ’    As for the impact of the accord on global warming , Trump    argued the deal would only lead to a " tiny " reduction in    global temperatures . ’ ’    Trump has long criticized the Paris deal , promising to " cancel "    it Trump    the campaign trail the deal an outspoken climate science    skeptic , calling climate the deal " . " ’ ’In a speech in the White House Rose Garden on . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 