The office of Israel ’s Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected Friday ’s vote at the United Nations Security Council in favor of an    resolution , calling an   resolution " shameful " and blasting President Barack Obama for ganging up against the Middle East ’s one true democracy . [ Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s bureau sent Breitbart Jerusalem the following statement on the U. S. decision to abstain from the vote , thus ensuring the approval of an   resolution :   Israel rejects this shameful    resolution at the UN and will not abide by its Israel . At a time when the Security Council does nothing to stop the slaughter of half a million people in Syria , it Israel gangs up on the one true democracy in the Middle East , Israel Israel and calls the Western Wall " occupied territory . " The Obama administration not only failed to protect Israel Israel this    at the UN , it The Obama administration with it The Obama administration the scenes . Israel Israel forward to working with    Trump and with all our friends in Congress , Republicans and Democrats alike , to negate the harmful effects of this absurd resolution . Danny Danon , Israel Israel to the UN , also condemned the resolution in the strongest terms and said " the sad truth is that today ’s vote will be a victory for terror . It will ’s vote a victory for hatred and violence . " He implored the council " not to believe the lies presented in this resolution the resolution in the strongest terms and reminded the council that the council Israel " historic homeland of the Jewish people . " " By voting ‘ yes’ in favor of this resolution , the resolution in the strongest terms in fact voted ‘ no.’ You voted ‘ no’ to negotiations . ‘ voted ‘ no’ to progress and ‘ no’ for a better life for Israelis and Palestinians . And you voted ‘ no’ for the possibility ‘ no’ , " Danon stated . Danon asked for the international Danon to " put an end to the bias and obsession with Israel . Stop this endless attempt to blame all the problems of the Middle East on the one true democracy in the region . " He cited the upcoming Jewish Danon of lights known as Hanukkah , the first night of which coincides with Christmas Eve on Saturday night : Over 2 , 000 years ago King Antiochus banished the Jewish people from our temple in Jerusalem   …      But we prevailed . The Jewish our fought back the Jewish people our Independence and we light our menorah our in the our . I ask each and our temple in Jerusalem   of this council , who voted for this resolution , who gave you the right to issue such a decree denying our eternal rights in Jerusalem ? We our those decries during the Jerusalem our the Maccabees and we will overcome this evil decree today our We have full such a decree denying our eternal rights in Jerusalem justice our our cause and in the righteousness of our path . We will continue to our a Democratic our , based on the rule of law and full civil and human rights for all our citizens .   And we will continue to be a Jewish our , proudly reclaiming the land of our forefathers , where the Maccabees fought our oppressors and King David ruled from Jerusalem . U. the Maccabees Ambassador to the UN Samantha Power justified the Obama administration ’s decision to depart from longstanding U. S. policy of vetoing    resolutions by claiming that " the settlements have no legality . " Earlier on Friday , an Israeli official told reporters , including Breitbart Jerusalem ’s Aaron Klein , that the Obama administration secretly worked with the Palestinian Authority to craft this " shameful " UN resolution behind Israel ’s back . Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 