  ( CNN ) In the last 24 hours , Saudi Arabia , United Arab Emirates , Bahrain , Egypt , Maldives and Yemen have all cut ties with Qatar . It has been expelled from the    coalition fighting the    Houthi rebels in Yemen . In addition , Emirates , Etihad and FlyDubai have announced the imminent cancellation of flights to Doha .   While President Trump ’s role in this unfolding Gulf drama may not seem immediately obvious , President Trump vision of a    Arab world , united against Iran , is indeed responsible for the diplomatic hullabaloo .   Two weeks ago , Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani allegedly criticized Donald Trump ’s Iran policy and called Iran a " regional and Islamic power . " The remarks were posted online , but Doha has argued The remarks official news agency website was hacked and that the ( generally innocuous ) quotes are not real . The remarks is assisting in the investigation of the alleged hack .   Ostensibly , in response to this statement , the Saudi Press Agency said , " ( Qatar ) embraces multiple terrorist and sectarian groups aimed at disturbing stability in the region , including the Muslim Brotherhood , ISIS ( Islamic State ) and al Qaeda " as well as " rebel militias " in Yemen . But the truth is there is likely something else at play here . Trump ’s continued hard line against Iran , his Trump from the Paris Agreement , his Trump to reaffirm NATO ’s Article Five and his Trump ’s statement that " the world is not a ’global community’ but an arena where nations , nongovernmental actors , and businesses engage and compete for advantage , " is an effective declaration that the age of negotiation and nuance is over and the era of confrontation and collision has begun .   If continued negotiations between the Gulf Cooperation Council     an alliance designed to counter Iranian influence in the region     and Iran were imminent , it continued negotiations between the Gulf Cooperation Council    an alliance designed to counter Iranian influence in the region    and Iran were imminent make sense to allow Qatar to remain    ( it continued negotiations between the Gulf Cooperation Council    an alliance designed to counter Iranian influence in the region    and Iran were imminent in the GCC after all , so it continued negotiations between the Gulf Cooperation Council    an alliance designed to counter Iranian influence in the region    and Iran were imminent n’t actually neutral ) . If there were to be negotiations between Hamas and Israel , between Egypt and the Muslim Brotherhood , or between the United States and the Taliban , it continued negotiations between the Gulf Cooperation Council    an alliance designed to counter Iranian influence in the region    and Iran were imminent also make sense to allow Qatar Qatar remain a sort of safe haven .   And Qatar Qatar uniquely positioned to play this negotiating role . Qatar Qatar forged a unique personal brand of nonjudgment , if not neutrality , and acts as a    for regional actors of all stripes . It has enjoyed a good relationship with Hamas , sharing some of its Hamas staff with the terrorist group , and providing safe haven to senior Hamas Hamas in Doha at least it Hamas until Sunday when its Hamas diplomats " were asked to leave . Qatar also enjoys a close economic relationship with Iran , sharing control over a large natural gas field vital to Qatar Qatar . Thus , it generally refrains from criticism of Iran ’s Iran despite Qatar ’s Qatar the GCC . Qatar is also Qatar to a political office for the Taliban , which has operated for almost four years . The Taliban chose Qatar as a Qatar because it was seen as " neutral " ground , and the United States voiced no objection to its presence . Despite the United States cordial relations with the United States groups , Qatar is also Qatar to 11 , 000 US troops at the Al Udeid Air Base , the largest military instillation in the region . It also enjoys Qatar more nuanced relationship with Israel than do most states in the region . Qatar the region Qatar of a soccer stadium in Israel . It even opened Israel relations with Israel in 1996 , though Israel relations were severed in trade relations with Israel Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni met with the Qatari Emir , and Qatar has quietly Qatar Israeli representatives to operate in its Israeli . Qatar In short , Qatar maintains a Qatar series of relationships with virtually every single actor in the region .   There are two major reasons for Qatar ’s position Qatar Switzerland of the Middle East . The first is that as a small country of 2 . 2 million people , it makes sense from a security standpoint not to alienate any powerful regional actor , be it Iran , Israel or Saudi Arabia . Its willingness to allow Qatar terrorist groups to maintain offices in Doha also insulates it from becoming a Qatar of these same groups .   The second reason is that the ability to play the middleman and to be at the center of regional power struggles and peace talks allows Qatar to punch above its weight in international affairs and regional Qatar . This is not some sort of new revelation . It has been    to all parties This some time . And yet the last 24 hours have seen unprecedented diplomatic drama .    But if there is a shift    confrontation , Qatar can be pressured by its neighbors Qatar toe the party line Qatar Saudi Arabia ’s enemies . It shares its only land border with Qatar Arabia Qatar is reliant on Saudi Saudi Arabia 40 % of its food Saudi Arabia Soon consumer prices will increase Saudi Arabia , and   runs on supermarkets are possible .   The only way for Qatar to resist Saudi diplomatic and economic Qatar would be for the United States to intervene with its Saudi allies . Unfortunately for Qatar , in the United States Saudi , " Qatar talks     and while Qatar is a rich country , Saudi Qatar is far richer . 
 