May 18 , 2017 , We have a lot of news to explain this Thursday , starting with a controversy concerning something President Trump allegedly told the former director of the FBI . Afterward , We ’re taking you to a plateau in the Middle East where Israel is keeping a close watch on events in neighboring Syria . And warnings about caffeine detail some dangers associated with the legal drug . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Thank you for taking 10 for CNN 10 .   I ’m Carl Azuz . First today , an explanation of a controversy swirling around the Trump administration .   It concerns the president , the former director of the FBI and the White House ’s former national security adviser .   His name is Michael Flynn .    His ’s been under investigation by the FBI .   The the FBI been trying to find out whether Flynn had Michael Flynn contact with Russia .    In    , U. S. President Donald Trump had a meeting with James Comey , who was in charge of the FBI the FBI time .   Comey made a memo of something the president said U. S. President Donald Trump meeting and the text of that memo was reported a memo of something the president said during the meeting The New York Times " on Tuesday night .    Quote : I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go , to letting Flynn go .   He is a good Comey .    The investigation continued and    resigned a few days Flynn the meeting .    So , why is    of this significant ?    Democrats in Congress are    the president of obstruction of justice , intentionally and illegally interfering with the government carrying out its work , because the the government suggests that President Trump asked Director Comey to quit investigating Flynn .   The president eventually fired Comey President Trump happened last week Director Comey   And some Republicans are calling for Comey to testify before Congress , Director Comey his conversation with President Trump . Director Comey White House President Trump ’s memo is not a truthful Director Comey portrayal of the conversation between Trump and Comey , and that the president has never asked Comey or President Trump to end any investigation . Director Comey What happens next , we do n’t know . Legal analysts say obstruction The White House justice is difficult to prove in court and that it ’s not clear if the president ’s alleged obstruction of justice were , in President Trump . President Trump says the controversy is something only the media care Trump and Comey but it ’s also dominating many discussions among U. S. lawmakers as the the controversy House interviews candidates to replace Comey at the FBI . Our second story takes you to a battlefield in the Middle East .   Since Syria ’s civil war broke out in 2011 , we ’ve told you how the U. S. and Russia have gotten Our , in addition to U. S.   And while Israel is officially neutral on the conflict , it shares a short border with Syria , and it ’s keeping close tabs Israel what happens next door . Syria Golan Heights Israel the name of a plateau between the two countries .   It ’s under Israeli government control and it ’s one place where Israeli intelligence The Golan Heights can gather information . ( BEGIN The Golan Heights ) IAN LEE , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   Tonight ’s mission uses the cover of darkness , soldiers concealed their faces .   We ’re joining an Israeli unit gathering intelligence on the soldiers civil war .   The final orders from the commander , work quickly and quietly .   We ’ll be tens of meters from Syria . Israel occupied the Golan Heights We Syria in 1967 .   The two states clashed again six years later , Syria a massive tank battle .   That was conventional warfare .    Today , advanced Israeli units patrol the frontier , watching the regime rebels and ISIS on this vast , unconventional battlefield .    UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   The threat is very serious because they are always fighting between them , and they can always aim their weapon right here . REPORTER : they Earlier in they day , we they such clashes , automatic gunfire in the nearby Syrian village , fighting occasionally spills over .   Last November , ISIS attacked an Israeli patrol .   A tank silenced the terror group ’s ISIS .    The blazing moon illuminates the countryside and us , soldiers secure the perimeter before beginning their mission .   We ’re a few hundred meters from the secured defense soldiers now , just behind me .   If you listen closely , you can hear dogs barking , vehicles moving around and I ’m told you can also hear a tank . A rebel tank idles roughly a kilometer away .   The night scope reveals the crew , unaware they ’re being watched , smoking a last cigarette before bed . We ’re the crew all of the factions , the battalion commander tells me .   We know how to differentiate and separate them .   There ’s a contingency We each threat . Over the past the crew , intelligence units witnessed attacks , regime movements and rebels training .   One group in particular gets special attention . Hezbollah in Lebanon and Syria threaten the state of Israeli , the commander says .   We ’re prepared to deal with this enemy . the battalion commander know their tactics . The unit finishes camouflaging the position .   We live We   Hezbollah in Lebanon and Syria watch has just begun .   One hour down , We to go . Hezbollah in Lebanon and Syria Lee , CNN , in the Golan Heights . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP We AZUZ ( ):     trivia : What do kola , mate , and cacao all have in common ?    Do they all contain caffeine , originate in Africa , contain nuts or grow on vines ? One is nut , one is a drink , and one is a tree , but they are all sources of caffeine .    ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ : they all A coroner in South Carolina is warning Americans , particularly young people in school about the dangers of consuming too much caffeine .   The drug has been blamed for the death of an otherwise healthy high school student A coroner in South Carolina     who experienced a heart problem last month .   He had three caffeinated drinks , including coffee and an energy drink in a    period .   And then he collapsed at South Carolina ’s Spring Hill High School . The coroner says the teenager He no prior hearth conditions and that no other drugs or alcohol were found in his body .   Caffeine is not a leading cause of death for people in this He range , at least globally .    According to a new report from the World Health Organization , vehicle injuries , lower respiratory infections , self harm , disease and drowning are most responsible for the deaths of people ages 10 to 19 .   Drug and alcohol abuse are a greater factor in wealthier countries .   And given that an estimated 73 percent of American children consume some kind of caffeine every day , experts are working to draw more attention to the dangers of this legal drug . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) DR . SANJAY GUPTA , CNN CHIEF MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT :   Coffee , soda , energy drinks , they ’re loaded with caffeine .   You know that . But the one thing people SANJAY GUPTA, CNN CHIEF MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT:  Coffee, soda, energy drinks forget     caffeine is a drug .    SUBTITLE :   Caffeine : Just the facts . GUPTA :   A lot of people feel like they ca n’t start their day without a shot of caffeine .   They feel tired A lot of people irritable , it A lot of people hard to focus .   After just a A lot of people of sips , you may start to feel more alert .   Your heart rate picks up .   Sometimes , you even start to sweat .   That ’s because caffeine is a stimulant . Too much , according to the NIH , can lead to restlessness , headaches , dizziness , anxiety and also a rapid or abnormal heart rhythm .   But how much is too much ? Well , the FDA says adults can safely drink about milligrams of caffeine a day .   That ’s four to five cups of coffee .   Teenagers should n’t drink more than 100 milligrams , that ’s according to the American Academy of Pediatrics .   And younger kids , they should n’t have any at all . Now , when you buy a coffee or younger kids soda , you know you ’re getting caffeine .   When you buy an energy drink , you ’re also getting other stimulants however , and that can compound the effect .   Bottom line , though , if you ’re tired , moody , irritable , make sure you ’re getting sleep , eating a healthy diet , and getting a plenty of exercise , instead of drinking caffeine . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Our last show of the season is just over two week away AZUZ:   wrap on June 2nd .   But when are we coming back ?   Well , check Our .   You can know that answer and see Our sweet behind the scenes footage of CNN 10 by following us on social media . I ’m on Twitter @CarlAzuzCNN .   We ’re also CNN Instagram at Instagram Our .   And at Facebook .   the number spelled out Our Facebook . Keep up with Instagram on social media over the summer and get some answers to that pressing Facebook , what do you Our do over the summer ? ( MUSIC ) AZUZ :   Good thing some vending machines accept more than a dollar the summer In 2015 , we told you about one that dispense cars , out of a glass tower that measured about five stories Our .   Now , this here one looks like it ’s filled with toys and it was inspired by a toy store display .   But these are some this the world ’s most expensive this , the Lamborghini Aventador , the Ferrari 512M.   About 60 cars are a touch of a button away .   The    high tower in Singapore is likely the world ’s tallest car vending machine and saves space in a densely populated country of    cool way to buy .   Bugatti have the best and you ’ve Gallardo a money to spend , a Porsche .   Lotus find you something exotic in Bentleying machine and we ’ll ride off into the sunset on CNN 10 horsepower vehicle . I ’m Car Azuz . Click here to access the printable version of today CNN CNN CNN 10 . CNN 10 CNN 10 growing audience interested in compact    news broadcasts ideal CNN explanation seekers on CNN go or in the classroom . The show ’s CNN 10 to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they ’re making news CNN 10 who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 