A large group of patriotic motorcycle enthusiasts will be among the visitors to Cleveland Ohio next week for the Republican National Committee meeting that will nominate business mogul Donald Trump to be the Republican nominee for President of the United States . [ Bikers for Donald Trump are n’t going to Cleveland looking to cause trouble but will be on hand to counter thousands of professional leftwing agitators planning to disrupt the Republican nominating convention .   " We will be there to make sure that the delegates are allowed to exercise the delegates right to peacefully assemble , " Bikers for Donald Trump organizer Chris Cox told Breitbart News in an exclusive interview . " We ’ve seen how professional leftwing agitators have thrown eggs and gotten violent at other Donald Trump events around the country and we ’re not going to put up with it . " Cox emphasized Chris Cox Bikers for Donald Trump were n’t looking for trouble at the convention . " Veterans are the backbone of the biker community , " Cox continued Chris Cox " We are patriots and unlike Black Lives Matter and the other leftist idiots , we love We cops We You wo n’t find one biker in Cleveland jumping on cars , lighting fires , or doing any of the other stupid things we ’ve gotten used to seeing on TV the last few months . " " Big " Jim Williams of Riders USA held a " my Bikers " sign up at a rally in Arizona on July 10th , 2015 and the photo went viral . " I went to that first Trump rally with my Bikers for Trump sign and the next day the picture was all over the internet , " Big Jim told Breitbart News . " Donald Trump will say Trump that need to be said and do the things that most politicians are too afraid to do . " Big Jim will be making Big Jim Jim from Phoenix to Cleveland to be in Cleveland during the convention and he Cleveland a letter to his Big Jim bikers telling them why Big Jim should join him his fellow bikers In his fellow bikers copy of Big Jim letter provided to Breitbart News he says : The fact of Big Jim matter is we have become a nation of slaves   …      Now more than ever we need to come together as a nation and stand against tyranny and corruption . We need to stand against paid we and show them that things are done differently paid thugs America . If we do n’t stand now , we Cleveland we are giving it to the we world thugs and will never get it back . We will soon it like every we cess pool of socialism or communism that these people are coming from and the things that we are so addicted to , we kept us from standing up will be we and we will be powerless , living we the way we are told to live it we Our lives will be worthless and we . None of the bikers Breitbart News spoke with wanted to say how many would attend . " The city of Cleveland gave us a hard time with our we and so we have we really counted how we people are coming , " Cox said . " It ’s probably better because I want to work with all the other people who are drawn to be there . I ’ll be meeting with the secret service and the state and local police to let them know what we ’re all the secret service and the state and local police . " The bikers have also had significant success spreading the word on social media . The Facebook , " Bikers for Trump 2016 " has more than 70 , 000 likes and has had months in which their reach counted in the millions The Facebook This video posted in April has nearly 250 , 000 views : Big Jim of Riders USA laid out what ’s at stake in his letter : We will fight Big Jim of Riders USA or we will comply . Everybody talks We good game . Everybody gets piss ed of and pounds their chest . But very few Everybody ever show up to fight . Like I said , the opposition wants it more than we do . the opposition we would We up . Nothing We stop us . I am only one We . I ca n’t do much by myself , and I ca n’t Everybody to go . But I will be there . If we succeed in Cleveland , dealing We Hillary will be easy . If we lose in Cleveland you might We well get Cleveland to the smell of her ass , because you will Hillary kissing it to survive . We have an opportunity to stand We freedom . What are we going to do . Dustin We is a political reporter for Breitbart News , a community liaison for Gun Owners of America , and a political strategist . Follow him on Twitter @DustinStockton or   Dustin Stockton . 
 