So , with Donald Trump presumably out for tomorrow night ’s final Republican debate before the crucial Iowa caucuses , what will that event look like ? [ Donald Trump has already pledged to do Donald Trump own event benefitting wounded veterans , and CNN has committed to carrying it simultaneous with the debate a poll posted by Greta Van Susteren showed that 83 percent of Donald Trump respondents would skip the debate if Donald Trump does n’t participate .   In some ways , Donald Trump has put Donald Trump in a smart position by forgoing the debate . Donald Trump believes Donald Trump ’s in the lead in Iowa , and the polls bear Donald Trump out   —    just one of the last seven polls has Senator Ted Cruz ( ) ahead . And by failing to show up for the the debate Donald Trump ’s achieved three key goals : depriving Donald Trump opponents of a platform upon which to slam Donald Trump and Donald Trump record preventing the moderators from asking Donald Trump tough questions that could prove problematic three days before the primaries begin and dominating the headlines , thereby increasing the enthusiasm of Donald Trump voting base . Trump also places his opponents Trump a difficult position by skipping the debate . If they attack him in Trump absence Trump they risk they him a Trump   —    and Trump excels Trump playing the victim . As Trump says Trump " I keep whining and whining until I win , " and a    while he ’s Trump money for soldiers will give him plenty Trump ammunition . Meanwhile , if his opponents Trump n’t attack him   Trump    if everyone acts as though he ’s Trump even an issue at the debate   —    they ’ll be depriving the audience of their chief they for sticking around . Chris Matthews may be a nasty piece of goods , but he ’s Chris Matthews that few voters care about issue debates between Cruz and Senator Marco Rubio ( ) far more care about the    gossip balls to which we have grown accustomed this election cycle . Trump ’s best outcome for the debate would be for Rubio and Cruz to Cruz one another , damaging both and leaving him unscathed Trump Jeb Bush , who may or may not be experiencing a surge in New Hampshire , will likely level his    projectiles at candidates ranging from Rubio to Rubio Governor John Kasich to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie . And enraged debating spider monkey Senator Rand Paul ( ) will be there too , looking to crack skulls and take names . A massive scrum could benefit the only person who is n’t there   —    the guy leading the polls . So , here ’s what each candidate needs to do tomorrow night if Trump plays hooky : Cruz . Cruz will Cruz be the target of most of the slings and arrows . As the    frontrunner , the strategically unwise Rubio will likely go after Cruz , Cruz though Rubio ’s Rubio shot at the nomination lies in Cruz winning Cruz , thereby damaging Trump in New Hampshire . And it wo n’t just be Rubio . Rubio for Jeb to take a swing or two look for the others to pile on , trying to lump in Cruz with Cruz . Trump in New Hampshire can Cruz off most attacks , but he ’ll Cruz dragged back into the crab pot by the others   —    unless he plays Cruz easy , and instead of responding to attacks , lets them glance attacks as he speaks Cruz big picture terms . That ’s hard for Cruz , a natural debater . Rubio . Rubio ’s Rubio bet , as mentioned , is to leave Cruz alone Cruz instead aim his fire Rubio Jeb Bush . That will win him friends Jeb Bush fend off Jeb , who seems to be gaining some ground in New Hampshire . Rubio ’s Rubio a strong third in Iowa right now   —    he needs Rubio maintain that position . But attacking Cruz risks Cruz Trump in Iowa , Iowa giving him all Rubio momentum headed into New Hampshire New Hampshire . Christie ’s been Christie of his time in New Christie   New Hampshire he ’ll keep pummeling Rubio Christie hoping to steal support . He could also wheel on Christie heretofore untouched king of fruit ninjas Kasich , whose father was a mailman . He ’ll need a big Christie   —    this is his last chance before Iowa Christie prevent Rubio from becoming the establishment Rubio facto pick . Carson . Ben Carson will be out Carson , so this is Iowa valedictory . Look for some Carson inspirational moments , and perhaps a cute joke at which everyone laughs . Kasich . Kasich has escaped scrutiny mainly because Kasich wants to look directly into the fiery ball of rage behind his eyes . But he ’s Kasich gaining consistently in Kasich Hampshire polling . Christie and Rubio will likely attack Kasich   —    and Jeb Kasich seems to be experiencing new life in New Hampshire polls , could chime in New Hampshire . Getting Kasich mad will be their goal thus Kasich , Kasich has just been angry as opposed Kasich his norm , borderline psychotically enraged . Kasich opponents want him to go full Kasich Yosemite Sam Kasich Paul . Paul is clinging to the main stage by Paul fingernails , but he ’s always aggressive Paul debate . Now Paul it ’s clear he ’s going nowhere , he ’ll probably Paul on Rubio over immigration Paul well as foreign policy . Paul provides Rubio ’s stiffest challenge   — Paul it Rubio Paul , not Cruz , who did heavy body work on Rubio ’s Gang of Eight shenanigans two debates Rubio’s He could do some serious damage to an Paul candidate or two . Bush . Yes , it now seems that an Emerson College poll shows Trump with 35 percent in New Hampshire and Jeb Bush at 18 percent , with John Kasich Bush percent . Marco Rubio ’s way down at 9 percent . That poll may be an outlier . But Bush is an Emerson College poll as reality , and that means Bush ’ll be looking an Emerson College poll punch somebody , although he Bush weak wrists . His top target will be Bush , against whom the Bush super PAC has spent some $ 20 million . Bush knocking Rubio down in Iowa , Bush hopes to destroy him in New Hampshire . Trump Bush absence from the Bush leaves a gaping hole . That could backfire against Trump in Iowa , given that nearly half of all voters Trump Iowa Iowa have n’t made up their mind . But if Iowa other candidates punch at each nearly half of all voters in Iowa for two hours while Trump rides high in the polls , his strategic decision could Trump better tomorrow night than it does Trump . Ben Shapiro is Senior     of Breitbart his strategic decision ,     of DailyWire . com , and The New York Times bestselling author , most recently , of the book , The People vs. Barack Obama : The Criminal Case Against The Obama Administration ( Threshold Editions , June 10 , 2014 ) . Follow Ben Shapiro on Twitter @benshapiro . 
 Ben Shapiro 