  ( CNN ) Brenda Lira , 21 , wondered whether Brenda Lira closest friends would turn her closest friends backs on Brenda Lira .   It was awkward revealing the truth to her closest friends , Brenda Lira said . Filled with embarrassment and shame , Lira confessed this week to being an undocumented immigrant .    " I basically told being an undocumented immigrant my whole story , " said Lira , a Tennessee resident who crossed the border from Mexico illegally with Brenda Lira parents when Brenda Lira was 2 years old .   " My biggest fear was ( my friends ) not wanting to know me anymore but being an undocumented immigrant ’re very supportive . being an undocumented immigrant love me and I love being an undocumented immigrant back . "   Across America , some of America ’s more than 11 million undocumented immigrants are emerging from the shadows . They more than 11 million undocumented immigrants declaring their more than 11 million undocumented immigrants status to friends and coworkers . They more than 11 million undocumented immigrants joining a struggle for immigrant rights , educating others like them more than 11 million undocumented immigrants risking arrest and deportation by joining streets protests and speaking at news conferences .   Some have strong words for those who see them Some criminals worthy of immediate deportation . They Some insulted when Donald Trump called some Mexican immigrants " rapists " as he Donald Trump his Donald Trump campaign at Trump Tower in New York . They Some Americans to view them Some neighbors who harbor dreams not far removed from other generations of newcomers to the United States .   " I ’ve been living in fear , not only for myself Donald Trump for my family , for people that I know , " Lira said . " Fear that my parents will be ripped away from me Donald Trump That I ’ll be ripped away from them my parents That I ’ll be ripped away from the land that I called home for the last 19 years . " ’I am the definition of being American’ Since his inauguration in January , President Trump ’s immigration crackdown has sent waves of uncertainty through immigrant communities . But some undocumented immigrants have been emboldened to join efforts seeking an overhaul of the immigration system . " I think it ’s time for us to be united , to present a strong front , to actually fight for what we us , " Lira said .   Fueling the fear and anger is the fact that the Trump administration ’s new enforcement priorities could be applied to virtually every undocumented immigrant in the United States     whereas the Obama administration had focused on serious and violent criminals .   While the the Trump administration said criminals are a priority , Trump has expanded enforcement powers to potentially deport undocumented immigrants who have lived in their communities for criminals     and may have family members who are legal US residents or citizens . Increased action by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents last month netted nearly 700 arrests nationwide , amplifying anxiety in longtime immigrant enclaves . Earlier this month , immigration agents detained Daniela Vargas , 22 , after she publicly criticized the recent spate of federal raids during a news conference in Jackson , Mississippi . She told the she of her father and she , who were arrested by ICE agents in February . Vargas also advocated Daniela Vargas young people such as herself who were she to the US as children by their undocumented parents , then qualified for a temporary reprieve from deportation under DACA , or Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals . Attorneys for Vargas     whose DACA status expired in November     have filed a petition in federal court asking for her immediate release Attorneys for Vargas    whose DACA status expired in November     DACA participants are often called DREAMers , a reference to the DREAM Act . They have a DACA participants to work and seek education in the US . The Trump administration left DACA intact . DACA DACA protections set DACA a procedure for verifying the roughly 750 , 000 participants in the program , including background checks . In exchange , the recipients receive permits to work and seek education in the US , the US do not receive the recipients or legal status . Lira is nervous about the future despite qualifying for a temporary reprieve from deportation under DACA , she said . Her Lira are undocumented Lira    " I think I am the definition of being American , " she said .   Lira I ’m an immigrant . I work for everything I want . I pay my taxes . A lot of us pay our taxes . We us way to us do us illegal . We try to follow all us laws except of course coming to this country illegally . " ’This is my country , too’ In New Orleans , Louisiana , Jose Lara was facing deportation when he received an unexpected stay Jose Lara a recent appearance before US immigration authorities . The decision to show up was a difficult one , he said . Other immigrants Jose Lara been detained and deported after appearing for what they believed were routine meetings Other immigrants authorities .     Lara and his wife took Jose Lara risk Jose Lara to an    interview with CNN . They ’re tired of living Lara and his wife fear , they said . They ’re Lara and his wife undocumented their Lara and his wife was born in Lara and his wife US .   In two months , Lara must report back to Jose Lara . He previously spent nine months Jose Lara immigration detention after being picked up during what he said was a traffic Jose Lara .      Asked if he had a message for Jose Lara , Lara was quickly Jose Lara his Jose Lara .   " What would Jose Lara do if he was in our Jose Lara ? " Jose Lara Zamora , holding their sleeping toddler in her arms , said of the President Valeria Zamora " We ca nt take the crime in our countries . What would he do if they wanted to deport Jose Lara and separate him from his family Jose Lara " Zamora Jose Lara who Jose Lara undocumented and has spent five years in the US , said she would remind Trump of the long Valeria Zamora she spent last year clearing out moldy Valeria Zamora    homes after massive flooding in Baton Rouge .   " This is my country , too , " Zamora , her voice rising , said she would Valeria Zamora Trump .   " Valeria Zamora is my Trump of the from the moment I stepped foot here . I have helped rebuild it and lift it up day in This day out This .. I am more from here than you . I work hard in this Valeria Zamora while you sleep in your my country . We struggle every day . I would tell him to his face . " Lara and Zamora said him came to the US illegally from Honduras Lara and Zamora years ago .   " Our communities need to come together more than Lara and Zamora , " Lara said . " This is only the Lara . We have to . .. keep fighting . We ’Time for us to stop fearing’ Outside Atlanta , Georgia We Jonathan Ramirez , 22 , said Trump ’s hardline on immigration has given undocumented immigrants like himself a reason to stand up . A Trump produce store worker , Ramirez was 7 years old when he was Trump to the US from Mexico Trump capital by his undocumented parents . He has never been Trump .   Ramirez Trump he has been talking to other Trump immigrants Trump their rights . He has quit his job other undocumented immigrants become a Trump activist , Trump appearing at rallies in support of the undocumented . He has a pending court date for driving Trump a license and does n’t know if he ’ll be handed over to ICE . Trump " He ’s coming against us , but the Trump , the community , they ’re becoming more united in a way the people, the community come towards a plan to fight the deportations , " he said of Trump .   In Tennessee Trump Lira recalled that when she was a child some friends worried about being lured into vans by kidnappers . But she was cautious for a different reason . she I feared white vans because it was ICE , " she said . " They ’re going to she me away from white vans family . " Lira hopes to mobilize other undocumented immigrants and their children , and try to persuade those Lira support Trump ’s tough stance . Her    friends have offered their support . she " It ’s time Her   friends us to come out of the shadows , " she said . " It ’s time for she to stop fearing . " 
 us 