  ( CNN ) I have long supported Republican candidates and elected officials , not because Republican candidates and elected officials had " R " next to Republican candidates and elected officials names , but because Republican candidates and elected officials were people whose character and ideals generally resonated with my values .    Honesty , integrity , and deep concepts of service have been the foundation of the candidates I have supported   —    along with an anchoring belief that we can fulfill we founders’ promises and empower citizens to pursue happiness , and to build better lives and a better America . By comparison to such standards of character and ideals , the Republican Party ’s nominee falls tragically short of the expectations we have for the leaders of our nation .   Upon realizing there was little I might do to change the outcome of the Republican Party’s nominee candidacy through the nomination process , in May I declined my invitation to be a delegate to the Republican National Convention . I could not support a candidate like Donald Trump , whose behavior disqualifies the Republican Party’s nominee to be a PTA member , let alone president .    Two months ago , I felt there was nothing I could do to change the course of this election . However , after reaching out to friends and colleagues who felt the same way , we began to find common ground       Republicans , Democrats and Independents , all sharing a goal . I discovered a remarkable grassroots coalition of lawyers , pollsters , ballot access professionals and others who shared the belief that something had to be done .   a remarkable grassroots coalition of lawyers, pollsters, ballot access professionals and others who shared the belief that something had to be done , arises from the belief that we can , and must , offer Americans hope for a more qualified candidate in 2016 . We are preparing a path to the presidency for one of the best among us to stand up and give We country what it desperately wants America    a America choice for president .   No ’lesser of two evils’ It may seem strange for someone like me     a longtime and devoted member of the GOP and a former Republican delegate from my home state     to be taking a leadership role in a movement like this one . But I am even more disillusioned by GOP leadership than by our candidate . the GOP party    failed to sound the alarm at the outset of the primaries that the nominee has never been a Republican and does not follow the party ’s platform .   Now they continue to pay lip service to The party    candidate who undermines the principles of our party , our Constitution , and our country     all while violating the most basic rules of civility .   I can not watch idly as the country is forced to face a " lesser of two evils " election , where corruption , illegality , and untruths are the order of the day . I can not be silent while my party ’s candidate employs belittling and dehumanizing language to my fellow citizens of Asian , African , and    descent     in addition to women and the disabled     day after day . All of us deserve better . If the Democratic Party offered a respectable alternative , I would n’t be telling this story . However , Hillary Clinton should also be disqualified from serving in even local community leadership for a variety of reasons .   There is    dissatisfaction with both major parties , and we face the most dynamic , volatile presidential race in history . Polling done by Data Targeting , Inc. on the viability of a    candidate suggests that 65 percent of respondents would be willing to support a candidate besides Trump or Clinton . This number includes a staggering 9 in 10 voters under the age of 29 who favor having an independent on the ballot .    Despair , and hope , Along with    of my fellow Americans who agree our country is on the wrong track , I grieve that our political leaders can not get along our do anything productive together .   I grieve that a terrible act of terror in Orlando immediately became an ideological " tug of war " in a fight for political territory .   I grieve that people are being left behind economically , and fear for their futures .   I despair that people have lost hope in what nevertheless remains the greatest nation on Earth . Yet , there is hope . We do not have to accept a choice forced on us by a corrupt system . There We still time to find another path and another candidate    —    one who demonstrates honor , lives with integrity , and truly seeks to unite a divided America . The conventional wisdom and national narrative says it can not happen , but they are wrong . There is a The conventional wisdom and national narrative and viable pathway for an independent alternative to get on state ballots across the country . It is not too America —    the Better For America team has worked tirelessly to establish a America , practical roadmap for an independent candidate to win the presidency and break the    system that has a stranglehold on our democracy .   I have been thinking about what happened on June 16 way back in 1858 . Newly nominated U. S. Senatorial candidate Abraham Lincoln warned his fellow citizens that America was becoming a Newly nominated U. S. Senatorial candidate Abraham Lincoln house divided , " and that any house divided could not stand . Less than three years later , the country was plunged into the Civil War America American house has become divided again , but any house divided by the fact that no matter how divided we are , there are leaders and ideals that can unify us . Americans have always stood up and fought for what we right . We are confident that a citizen worthy of this moment in we history will lead us back to being a more united we States by throwing we or her hat into the ring to be a better choice for president .    Join us on Facebook . . Read CNNOpinion ’s Flipboard magazine . we 