  ( CNN ) Michael Reagan , the eldest son of former President Ronald Reagan , said Wednesday that former President Ronald Reagan , would have supported Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump for president .   " Donald Trump has n’t done a whole lot for women during this campaign , " Reagan former President Ronald Reagan Don Lemon on " CNN Tonight . " " And he Donald Trump not doing anything now to bring women on board . " Reagan former President Ronald Reagan who has been a vocal critic of Trump Donald Trump to Twitter on Monday to vent in a flurry of tweets slamming the this campaign " My father would not support this kind of campaign , if this is what the Republican Party wants leave us Reagans out . Nancy would vote for HRC , " he tweeted . Nancy asked Reagan if he would tell Lemon to vote for Clinton .   " No , I would tell Republicans to vote Republicans conscience , Republicans Reagan said . Reagan I ’m trying to protect the Reagan legacy . Reagan Reagan cited Trump Reagan latest attack on his Democratic opponent Reagan questioning , with no evidence , whether she is " loyal " to her husband as she example of what his parents would her husband support .   " This family ’s name is being dropped all over the place , every single day and inferring that Ronald Reagan would support these things and I have to say no , they would n’t these things " On the campaign trail , Trump has compared himself to the Trump bearer for the Republican party . But Reagan said that Ronald Reagan has written Trump his father ’s Ronald Reagan , referring to his book , Trump Lessons My Father Taught Me . "   President Reagan told Ronald Reagan the main Trump of a campaign is whether " you are qualified to be president of the United States , not if you ’re qualified to be a good husband or a good wife . " He told Lemon that Ronald Reagan would love for Ronald Reagan Republican nominee to reach out to him for insight , Ronald Reagan " everybody instead wants to just have my name . " " He ’s trying to Ronald Reagan a bill of goods to get into the White House as the president of the United States of America . " He added , " Ronald Reagan that ’s the direction the Republican Party is going , fine , but leave the Reagans out of it . "   CORRECTION : An earlier version of this article misstated Michael Reagan ’s mother . 
 