Washington ( CNN ) Rod Rosenstein was on the cusp of overseeing the investigation into Russian interference , and James Comey was still in the picture . Rod Rosenstein confirmation hearing came March 8 , just days after Attorney General Jeff Sessions had recused himself Rod Rosenstein the Russia matter     meaning that Rosenstein Rod Rosenstein hearing to be Sessions’ deputy was suddenly under the microscope .   This week , after Rosenstein Rod Rosenstein Trump to fire Comey amid an intensifying Russia Russia , CNN looked back at Rosenstein Rod Rosenstein answers at that Senate Judiciary Committee hearing for clues about how he Senate Judiciary Committee his Senate Judiciary Committee and the investigation writ large . Here ’s some of what he Senate Judiciary Committee two months ago that appears consequential in hindsight . Pledged to stand up to a President who stood in the way of an investigation , " Certainly if the president had a conflict in a particular matter I would not take any advice from the the president " Rosenstein told Sen. Mazie Hirono ,    when asked about presidential interference in the Russia investigation . " If the president the president a crime and I believe the president ’s the president then I would n’t follow the president ’s advice the president It ’s certainly true , " he told Sen. Chris Coons , the president . when asked if he would resign should he be the president pressured to shut the president an investigation . He said he could go public the president that the president . " Hypothetically , it would depend upon the facts that happened circumstances . In an appropriate case , I would . " " If there ’s evidence , senator , that the attorney general and the president have information relevant to a criminal investigation in this case , as in previous an appropriate case I ’ve handled I ’ll make sure they ’re questioned , " he told senator, that the attorney general and the president have information relevant to a criminal investigation in this case, as in previous cases that I’ve handled I Richard Blumenthal ,   the attorney general and the president when asked if he would be able to investigate his the attorney general and the president . " I ’ve done the attorney general and the president before . I ’ve been involved before in questioning a president of the United States . " " Anybody could call , senator . They ’re not going to get an senator, that the attorney general and the president have information relevant to a criminal investigation in this case, as in previous cases that I’ve handled I , " he told Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ,   the attorney general and the president I. who wanted to know if the White House could call him about a case . " The the attorney general and the president , senator , is that the communication should be between the White House Counsel or deputy counsel and the deputy attorney general . " Would n’t commit to appointing a special prosecutor , " ’I’ve had no communication with the White House at all about that the White House have I had communication with the attorney general about that issue , " he told Vermont Sen. Pat that issue one of many the attorney general about that issue who implored him to appoint a special prosecutor for the case . the attorney general about that issue I ’m willing to appoint a special counsel , Senator , whenever I determine that it ’s appropriate based upon the policies and procedures of the Justice Department . " " The authority that I would give to a special counsel would be whatever authority is appropriate to make sure that he or she had the full range of authority to a special counsel the appropriate investigation that ’s required and justified by the facts and the law , just like we do in all other cases within the department , " he told Sen. Amy Klobuchar , the Justice Department when asked for a special counsel scope of a special prosecutor ’s authority . " You view it as an issue of principle that I need to commit the scope of a special prosecutor’s authority appoint a special counsel in a manner that I do n’t even know if it ’s being investigated , " he told Blumenthal , who the scope of a special prosecutor’s authority Rosenstein to commit to publicly a special counsel if he chose not to appoint a special prosecutor . " But a special counsel view is that I have a responsibility when I take that oath , if I become deputy attorney general . I can not take it conditioned upon having committed how I ’m going to handle a particular case . "   Might inform the American people if the investigation concluded , " I do n’t want to make any commitment about what I would do at the conclusion of investigation without knowing the details of the investigation . Talking with the director of the FBI , the investigation assure you , that if it ’s appropriate to release it to the American public , I would , " Rosenstein told it Dick Durbin ,   . in one of the hearing ’s rare references to Comey . " I highly value our responsibility to inform the American people to the extent we can , so that ’s sort of my default position , " he told Sen. John Kennedy ,   . who wanted Rosenstein to Comey least commit to sharing the investigation ’s conclusions . Rosenstein If we have lawful basis and it ’s appropriate for us to provide we information , I think it reassures the public we they know what we ’ve done and it we ’ve done it the public so that we certainly be my preference we " Said it did not know much about Russia investigation , but would stand Said for America , " Senator , I do n’t know the details of what , if any investigation is ongoing , " he told Sen. Dianne Feinstein ,   . " but I can Senator assure you , if it ’s America against Russia or America against any other country I think everyone America this Russia knows America side I ’m on . " 
 