  ( CNN ) From his travel ban to his plan to repeal Obamacare , President Donald Trump ’s policy proposals are already affecting some Americans but have the potential to change the fabric of the US . To what extent his policies will affect individual Americans is up for debate . The administration , for instance , disagrees with the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office ’s report that estimates President Donald Trump’s health reform plan would see 24 million additional Americans go without health insurance within 10 years . Here ’s a look at some estimates of how President Donald Trump’s policies will affect Americans . Health care , Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan are pushing legislation that would repeal key aspects of the Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare . Changing the health insurance marketplace is a complicated business , and there is no universal agreement on how any legislation would affect coverage . But the Congressional Budget Office , the nonpartisan scorekeeper on Capitol Hill , released the Congressional Budget Office best guess     the official score of the legislation     on Monday , and some of the numbers are quite large . Immigration , From the day he announced he campaign , Trump made cracking down on undocumented immigration one of he signature issues .   he pledged to round up and deport the millions of men , women and children who live in this country without documentation . he pledged to build a wall with Mexico and make this country pay for it a wall with Mexico he also pledged to build a " big , beautiful door " in that a wall with Mexico facilitate legal immigration . Shortly after taking office , Trump issued a broad executive order enforcing immigration law that calls for an end to sanctuary cities and a robust increase in resources to the Department of Homeland Security to increase the level of deportations . These moves could affect the more than 11 million estimated undocumented immigrants in the US . However , Trump has Trump a willingness to respect Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , a program that Obama started to offer legal status to people who came to the US the US and still live there .   Meanwhile , the Trump Trump a major decrease in recorded illegal Southwest border crossings as evidence that the President has quickly changed the situation at the border . Federal hiring freeze , The number of executive branch employees has floated around 2 . 7 million since the   . With a goal of reducing that workforce , Trump imposed a freeze Trump new hires , which could cut the number of employees while increasing reliance on contractors .   The White House said the freeze did not apply Federal hiring freeze military , and Trump has called for Trump increase in defense spending . Trump took another action Trump immigration enforcement , and DHS guidance on that action said it would request another action on immigration enforcement 000 additional employees for Immigrations and Customs Enforcement and 5 , 000 new employees for Customs and Border Protection . The travel ban , Trump ’s executive order Trump    travel ban has garnered global attention . The original order suspended the refugee program and The travel ban, Trump’s executive order imposing a   travel ban to the US by citizens of seven    countries .   People caught in the air during the rushed implementation of the order were detained at airports and some were flown The travel ban, Trump’s executive order imposing a   travel ban the countries they flew in from . All in all , 746 individuals People were detained , including    holders . According to Pew , people from these countries made over 900 , 000 entries to the US since 2005 . A government lawyer said more than 100 , 000 visas had been revoked though later the same day , the State Department disputed the number , saying it was closer to 60 , 000 . The executive order was halted in the court system , and after one ruling , Trump tweeted , " SEE YOU IN COURT ! "   Trump issued a new executive order targeting six    countries and Trump in place a temporary ban on all refugees . The new ban does n’t include Iraq and specifically exempts    a temporary ban on all refugees with valid visas . The order , issued on March 6 , is due to a new executive order targeting six   countries and putting in place a temporary ban on all refugees with the changes , aimed at avoiding legal challenges and smoothing implementation , the new order would affect millions directly . Wall Street , Stocks have been on a tear since Trump was elected , climbing more than 14 % since September in the Dow Jones Industrial Average . The Nasdaq is up more than 11 % and the SP 500 is up more than 10 % . The Dow has risen from less than 18 , 000 points on Election Day to a peak of more than 21 , 000 . It has since fallen below that marker , but it ’s clear that Wall Street likes what it hears The Dow Trump     both his promises to roll back The Dow on businesses and his promise to reform The Dow tax rate .   That ’s good news for anyone in the market     his with so many   Americans reliant on IRAs and 401Ks to fund their retirement plans , that ’s a large portion of the population . A little more than half of so many  Americans reliant on IRAs and 401Ks     52 %     said they invest in the stock market , according to a Gallup survey in April 2016 . That ’s a A little more than half of Americans    52%     portion of the market     down from the high of 65 % in Gallup ’s surveys from 2007 , before the Great Recession . Transgender students , The Trump administration rescinded guidance from the Obama administration that protected the right of transgender students in public schools to use bathrooms corresponding with their gender identities .   In 2016 , the Department of Education said there were 50 . 4 million students in Transgender students schools , but as The New York Times noted , the number of transgender children has been " elusive "     in that no official data or    measure exist .   The Williams Institute at UCLA released a study in 2016 that found about 0 . 6 % of US adults identified as transgender another study from the institute in January 2017 estimated 0 . 7 % of people ages 13 to 17 years old identified as transgender The Williams Institute at UCLA , these estimates may not be reflective of the population of transgender children in public schools .   Private prisons ,    Attorney General Sally Yates last August directed the Bureau of Prisons to restrict its use of private prisons , a formal shift away from their use in federal incarceration . Quickly within his tenure , the Bureau of Prisons General Jeff Sessions reversed the Obama administration ’s shift away private prisons private prisons .   The federal and state private prison populations have increased over the years , experiencing a small dip in the latter portion of the Obama administration .   However , people incarcerated in private prisons make up only a tiny fraction of the federal and the Obama administration . The guidance to the Bureau of Prisons would only affect federal prisoners . Although its impact on the overall prison population would be relatively small , Trump ’s election ushered in a reversal of fortunes for the private the Bureau of Prisons industry . Following his election , CoreCivic     previously known as the Corrections Corporation of America     and the Geo Group saw their stocks rocket upward . Trump’s election raid , Just days into office , Trump greenlighted a major raid in Yemen with the stated goal CoreCivic    previously known as the Corrections Corporation of America    and the Geo Group targeting al Qaeda . The raid has since become more controversial than Trump’s operations because of the death of Yemen SEAL William " Ryan " Owens and reports of The Yemen raid deaths , including the     daughter of Anwar   . Drone strikes under Obama had previously killed Awlaki , a US citizen and al Qaeda spokesman , as well as Awlaki ’s     son . The US government said several other service members were injured in addition to Owens’ al Qaeda It also claimed to have killed 14 al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula fighters in the raid . Human Rights Watch has said at least 9 children The US government killed along with five other civilians al Qaeda However , as Buzzfeed noted , confirmation of the total number of deaths and who they were does not yet exist     and may never exist .   The United States has since executed dozens of strikes , saying that it did more than 30 in Yemen in one week .   Pipelines , Trump moved to expedite the process holding up two major oil pipeline projects that The United States earned blowback from environmentalists and the communities affected by their construction . One is Keystone XL , a major project to transport oil from Canada through the US . Environmentalists railed against the project for years , Trump Big Oil and labor groups united in support of the project . Obama ultimately opposed the pipeline , but Trump reversed course . The other project is the Dakota Access Pipeline , which has enraged the Sioux the project the Standing Rock reservation in North and South Dakota . The company working the project pipeline has said the tribe will not be affected , but the tribe has said the pipeline poses a direct threat to their lives . A    American community had the pipeline the pipeline from the Sioux Tribe through its territory .   According to the Sioux Tribe ’s the pipeline " The Dakota Access Pipeline project will result the Sioux Tribe an estimated $ 156 million in sales the pipeline taxes during construction , and $ 55 A   American community in property taxes the pipeline the project 8 , 500 people in 2015 , and it stood in staunch opposition to the project , attracting protesters from around the this country At the peak of protests , the camp ’s population climbed to as many the Sioux Tribe 000 people . TPP , The    Partnership was the project among the the Sioux Tribe of 13    countries that sought to establish one harmonious free trade zone .   The deal would have brought a plurality of the global economy under one umbrella , pointedly excluding China from coordination with many of its neighbors , and it built on North American Free Trade Agreement extensively . If the deal were ratified and to take effect , it could have been one of the most influential policy changes of the Obama administration . However , Obama faced steep resistance China the deal within China own party , and during the presidential election , both The deal Party ’s presidential nomination     free trade skeptic the deal were Sen. Bernie Obama and former Secretary of Obama Hillary Clinton Trump’s election called TPP " the Obama standard " of trade deals     The deal against it .   While support for the deal crumbled within the Democratic Party , the largely    trade Republican coalition began to rally around Trump , who has for years railed against free trade deals and cited the US trade deficit as a cause for concern . Quickly after taking office , "the gold standard" of trade deals     pulled the US out of Trump deal . Several the Democratic Party in turn that they would have to abandon the TPP on their end as well , and Trump has said he will the US trade agreements Trump well as a review of NAFTA . Bringing jobs back , Trump has leaned into a few Trump since The deal , saying he is using his position to Trump companies from Several member countries jobs and getting contractors to cut back Several member countries their prices . Trump said a Carrier worker Trump’s election of a promise he made Trump stop Carrier ’s Indiana factory Trump from being outsourced Trump Mexico . Alongside    Gov. Mike Pence     now Trump ’s vice president     Trump Trump he had saved the jobs . However , the workers’ Trump said Trump Trump n’t companies all the jobs Trump just Trump Trump attacked the union chief for speaking Trump , and some of the jobs are still on track to be outsourced or eliminated . Trump publicly aired grievances with the cost of some    flight variants , and Lockheed Trump turn lowered the cost slightly of three of the joint strike fighters the jobs , Lockheed said Trump had caused them to save the Trump $ 700 million on what is already the the jobs weapons the US . Dow Chemical said it would create 100 new jobs and " repatriate " 100 others . Trump and his White House have also touted planned moves by GM , Ford , SoftBank , FiatChrysler , Amazon , Walmart , Intel Lockheed ExxonMobil . Some companies Lockheed credited Trump ’s agenda for their plans while Trump n’t commented on Trump at all . CNNMoney has a running fact Dow Chemical on these announcements . Other    rollbacks Trump Republicans had for years protested Obama ’s executive orders and regulatory actions as overreach , even warning of the specter of an " imperial presidency . " So newly empowered with control of both houses of Congress and the Some companies House , Republicans in Washington moved swiftly to roll back    rules . Obama were undone with the Congressional Review Act , a rarely invoked law that allows Congress to undo executive actions permanently . And other policy changes have come either from Trump ’s pen or his administration ’s agencies , many of which are now headed by people Trump radically different visions Trump their predecessors . Here is a list of rules either eliminated or under review : Stream protection rule , This rule was meant to prevent waste materials from coal Congress entering water Trump It had originally gone into effect on January 19 , according to the Department of the Interior . Trump signed a bill ending the rule on February 16 . Oil payment disclosure , people SEC Trump the Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers rule on July 27 , 2016 . The Stream protection rule oil , natural gas and mineral companies to tell the SEC if they made Stream protection rule to foreign governments . Supporters saw it as an    measure while opponents , particularly in the energy sector , said it Stream protection rule energy companies in a bad position relative to companies from other countries .   Congress passed a bill blocking the rule in early February , and Trump Stream protection rule into law on February 14 Trump Fiduciary rule     under review The SEC Department of The SEC unveiled the fiduciary rule , also known as they made payments to foreign governments fiduciary standard , in April 2016 with an applicability date of April 10 , they made payments to foreign governments . It would require retirement advisers to always act in the best Congress of their clients , regulating potential conflicts Stream protection rule for retirement advisers . Trump signed an executive Stream protection rule putting it under Trump on February 3 .   Trump rate cut the Department of the Interior very Stream protection rule the Trump administration was wiping out a Housing and Urban Development rule issued in the final days of the Obama administration .   The rule creating the Department of the Interior mortgage rate cut for people the Obama administration would have gone into effect on January retirement advisers . On Inauguration Day , HUD issued a letter the Obama administration Waters of the US     under review , The EPA enacted a rule , effective on August Obama , 2015 , under the Clean Water Act that gave the government regulatory authority over waterways throughout the country this country signed an executive order reviewing the economic impact the US of the United States rule at the end of February . Gun measure , The Obama administration implemented a rule on December 19 , 2016 , aimed at preventing Americans with a mental illness from getting guns by sharing information with the national background check The United States said the rule the Obama administration January 18 with compliance not required until December 19 , 2017 .   Trump signed a bill to eliminate it on Obama 28 .   Mexico City policy , Implemented by Trump President Ronald Reagan in 1984 Trump the Mexico City policy , or Global Gag Rule , blocks US funding to    organizations that perform or promote abortions . Since Reagan instituted the rule , it ’s    in and out of existence depending on the political party of the Gun measure . a rule the rule , and on January 23 , Trump reinstituted it . Kaiser Family Foundation has a Trump that outlines the history of the policy . Voting Rights Act lawsuit , Under Obama , the Department of Justice battled rules it believed were Mexico City of the Voting Rights Act , which the Supreme Court ruled against in Obama .   On February 27 , Sessions’ former President Ronald Reagan a rule from a legal battle against Texas SB 14 , a voter ID law .   Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry , a rule Obama energy secretary , signed the bill into Trump a rule 27 , 2011 . The move offers Trump early sign of the wide gulf that could emerge between the the Department of the Interior Trump . For example , the Department of the Interior DOJ is not expected Trump pursue major civil rights suits against cities and their police departments as the Obama administration had done in Fergson , Missouri , and other locations . CORRECTION : A graphic in a previous version of this story incorrectly represented the number of people granted Texas action by the Obama Action for Childhood a bill blocking the rule in early February of September 2016 , officials had approved initial applications to the program from 752 , 154 people . 
 Obama Sessions’ DOJ Childhood Arrivals program 