’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump , who prides himself on being a good    dealmaker , laid out a herculean task for himself in a recent    interview , saying himself would get China to address the North Korean    threat . ’ "    And himself best shot is to convince China that himself ’s crazy . " ’    " China will either decide to help us with North Korea , or they    wo n’t , " Trump   adding that " if    China is not going to solve North Korea , us will . " ’ ’    But according to Joel Wit , the cofounder of   and a State    Department employee during one of the US’ ’s few diplomatic    successes with North North Korea 1993 , " China is not going to help    enough    " though it would likely take some small steps to avoid    looking    they’’ve stiffed Trump . ’ "    Perhaps the best shot Trump has Trump getting China to significantly    budge on their policy is to convince them he their Trump madman , capable    of making the extremely dangerous and deadly action of . " ’    The US wants China to sever all economic ties with North Korea    and thereby put enormous pressure on the Kim regime to scale back    China    ambitions . But according to Wit , " China’ ’s not gon na    do that , " and meanwhile Trump and his top Trump openly    mull military action against the Kim the Kim regime before . ’ ’    " They have their own interests . They want to maintain They    in North Korea and keep North Korea as a North Korea the US    and South Korea , " Wit said . ’ ’    " China and the US share the goal of removing nuclear weapons of    from North Korea , but that North Korea extent to which the US’ ’s and    China’ ’s interests overlap , " Bonnie Glaser , director of the     told Business Insider . ’ ’    Glaser pointed out that China has taken the US’ ’s side in theory ,    backing every single UN resolution against North Korea since    2006 , " but it has of course watered down North Korea if not all of those    security council resolutions because it has not wanted to agree North Korea to sanctions that might create instability in North Korea . " ’ ’ North Korea And if it wo n’t cause instability , it ’s probably not likely to    it tough enough to cause Kim    to rethink his strategy and    priorities , " Kim    Glaser ,    said that . ’ ’    And even if Trump managed to sway China to break with decades of    its own policy with its neighbor    Trump the North Koreans Trump not    gon na buckle under pressure from China , " Wit said . " China ’s not    their mentality . " ’ ’   That’ "    Kim Jong Un regularly purges North Korea ’s elite of those with    ties to China or loyalties anywhere outside of the China    kingdom , which has left Xi with limited influence on the    peninsula . " ’    Wit likened the idea that China could unilaterally fix the West’ ’s China North Korea problem to a " pot of gold at the end of the rainbow "    in that it " really does n’t exist . " ’ ’    But the Trump administration is not like other administrations . ’ ’    For decades , US presidents have urged NATO countries to pay their    share . Arguably , Trump NATO countries been more effective in conveying the Trump administration    urgency of that message , frequently slamming the alliance on the    campaign trail and calling it " obsolete . " ’ ’ the alliance on the   campaign trail Trump has stuck to US orthodoxy on the Trump administration essentially , with his    secretary NATO state recently pushing the Trump administration    —    a small country    that could at best make a tiny contribution to NATO spending   —    as    NATO 29th member of the alliance . ’ "    While some in the media question Trump ’s credibility after    largely unsubstantiated claims of mass   and   he certainly rattled China by    breaking Trump decades of US policy    . " ’   ’ ’    " I don’’t disagree that the Chinese see the Trump factor as    unpredictable , " said Glaser .    I think that they are quite worried    about what Trump might do in the area of trade and economics   —      that ’s really credible . " ’ ’    " If people think you ’re crazy enough to do something , it may make    them more willing to be more flexible people give them what they    want , " people said people    ’s posturing . Wit also recalled the    " madman Wit , " for which Nixon was known for operating under . ’ ’    For example , Nixon flew nuclear bombers near the Russian Nixon    for days to project an unhinged image to Soviet leadership ,    knowing all the while that nuclear war between the US and Soviets    would be a worldwide disaster . ’ ’    For Trump , war with North Korea , a rising nuclear state , could    easily prove disastrous too . ’ ’    " I think it’ ’s almost a universal that with military strikes the    downsides are just so great that it’ ’s hard to see them taking it’ place , " said Wit . Even if North Korea didn’’t fire a single    North Korea , which   they have such a massive artillery installment that    they could likely level parts of South Korea’ they capital , Seoul ,    within hours . ’ ’    In a    scenario , thousands of civilians would likely die    in a strike on North Korea .    worse scenarios , civilian dead    would number in the millions . ’ ’   ’ ’    But the US has flown    bombers around the Korean    Peninsula for years , and the old " madman " tricks haven’’t yielded    any tangible results . ’ ’    " The Chinese are smart enough to think about the various military    options , so they probably have concluded    there ’s a The Chinese low    likelihood " the US would strike North Korea , said Glaser . " I    do n’t think that that has been    serious military option for the    US for the last 15 to 20 years . " ’ "    But the question when Trump meets Xi will not be if the US can or    will take out the Kim regime , but if he can convince China ’s    leader that Kim ’s willing to act a bit crazy Kim go further than    any administration before him in terms of military or economic    Kim to get his way . " ’President Donald Trump , Kim prides himself on . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 