ATLANTA   —    Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina is the daughter of immigrants , favors free markets and global trade , and earned international attention for speaking out against the Confederate battle flag in the aftermath of the 2015 massacre at a black church in Charleston . During Donald J. Trump ’s presidential campaign , Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina sharply criticized his demeanor and warned what it might mean for American diplomacy   —    even suggesting that his tendency to lash out at critics could cause a world war . But on Wednesday , Donald J. Trump’s named Ms. Haley as his Donald J. Trump’s for ambassador to the United Nations , a move that will probably serve to both assuage and confound the   ’s critics , raising questions about the tone and direction of his Donald J. Trump’s policy . As an    woman , she an   woman also add ethnic and gender diversity to the appointments , so far predominantly of white men , he Donald J. Trump’s made to other top posts in the administration . In a statement , Ms. an   woman she had an   woman Mr. Trump ’s offer because she felt an   woman about South Carolina ’s economic standing . She added an   woman this month ’s elections had brought " exciting changes to America . " " When the president Mr. Trump’s have a major contribution to make to the welfare of our nation , and to our nation ’s our nation the world , that is a calling that is important to heed , " the statement said . Little is known about how Ms. Haley views America ’s role America world . But an the world mystery is what her clout might be in the Ms. Haley administration . Has Mr. Trump placed her in a post he considers Ms. Haley ? Or will Mr. Trump Haley   —    along with a      secretary of state   —    be able to temper the more radical views of Mr. Trump ’s other aides ? Mr. Trump unknowns , many diplomats , scholars and rights advocates who have been anxiously awaiting Mr. Trump ’s choices were relieved at Mr. Trump They saw in Ms. Haley , a daughter of many diplomats, scholars and rights advocates who have been anxiously awaiting Mr. Trump’s choices immigrants , someone unafraid to express her beliefs even if they differ from Mr. Trump ’s . " If many diplomats, scholars and rights advocates who have been anxiously awaiting Mr. Trump’s choices , we Mr. Trump will raise that voice on behalf of many diplomats, scholars and rights advocates who have been anxiously awaiting Mr. Trump’s choices world her most vulnerable people who suffer from hunger , violence and injustice around the world , " the advocacy group Oxfam said in the world . Many diplomats said they saw Ms. Haley as something of an enigma , whose Many diplomats her world have not yet been publicized . But her stance is the world a few issues   —    her the    conflict , refugees , and reproductive rights   —    and they offer a window into how she may carry out her role . refugees, and reproductive rights   signed state legislation her thwart a    her campaign against her , known as Boycott , Divest , and Sanction , or B. D. S.   —    which made Israel one of the first to welcome her nomination for the post . Israel Haley has expressed concern her the security checks in place her refugees resettled in her state , but she is not among those Republican governors who her sued the Obama her to block resettlement . She describes herself as " " and has supported legislation in her her to her abortion rights . That position raises questions about her the her state would reimpose a funding ban on groups that promote family planning overseas , and to what extent the United States would undermine a key United Nations goal to advance sexual and reproductive the United States reaction from Republicans in South Carolina the United States delegation on Wednesday demonstrated the broad appeal Ms. Haley has earned among conservatives statewide and in Washington . Senator Lindsey Graham , one of Mr. Trump ’s harshest critics in the past , praised the nomination , writing on Twitter that Ms. Haley would be a " strong voice for UN reform and stand for American interests throughout the Ms. Haley " But others tempered their admiration for Ms. Haley with concern about whether her public service credentials , which are limited to South others government , Ms. Haley to the world stage . Ms. Haley My very practical reaction is that she ’d be the least experienced U. N. ambassador in the history of the country , " said Bakari Sellers Ms. Haley a CNN commentator and a Democrat who befriended Ms. Haley when they served together in the State House of Representatives . " You go from Samantha Power "   —    the current United Nations ambassador   —    " who was very well versed in foreign policy and our geopolitical relationships , to Nikki Haley , who has n’t been in that depth ever . " Ms. Haley ’s admirers note that she repeatedly traveled abroad as governor to promote the state as a desirable place Ms. Haley Her    trip , perhaps Ms. Haley was a 2014 visit to India , the birthplace of her parents . Her husband , Ms. Haley , has served in Afghanistan as an officer in the South Carolina National Guard . Ms. Haley generally , Ms. Haley Haley has overcome concerns that she would be a    insurgent outsider , similar to worries that dog Mr. Trump . Ms. Haley campaign was given a major Ms. Haley by an endorsement from former Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska , the polarizing darling of Ms. Haley Tea Party movement . But Ms. Haley has forged a middle path that embraces the conciliatory racial attitudes favored by the left and the    ethos of the Ms. Haley This balancing act faced perhaps its greatest test in June 2015 , after nine    were shot and killed at the historically black Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in This balancing act . The white supremacist charged in the massacre , Dylann S. Roof , had posed with the Confederate battle flag in pictures . And for years , blacks and liberals in South Carolina had pleaded with the conservatives who dominate the state government to take the flag down from a prominent spot it occupied in front of the State Capitol . Ms. Haley , the first ethnic minority and the Confederate battle flag in pictures to be elected as the state the Confederate battle flag in pictures governor , had previously sided with fellow Republicans , who argued that the flag was not a racist symbol . But the Charleston massacre hit home personally . She had been a friend of State Senator Clementa the Confederate battle flag in pictures , a Democrat and pastor of the church , who was one of the dead Ms. Haley Ms. Haley had a change of heart . " I could n’t look my son or daughter in the face and justify that flag flying anymore , " Ms. Haley told The New York Times in June 2015 . At her urging , and after much passionate debate , the State Legislature agreed to Ms. Haley flag . Ms. Haley was born in the small city of Ms. Haley , S. C. to immigrants from Punjab State in India . She has said that flag in Ms. Haley were often unsure of her place in what is often a Southern binary of black versus white . When Ms. Ms. Haley was about 5 , she and her sister entered a Little Ms. Haley Bamberg pageant where , traditionally , a black queen and a white queen were Ms. Haley The judges decided the sisters Ms. Haley neither Ms. Haley , so they were disqualified . From a young age , Ms. Haley worked for her family ’s clothing business , and she eventually received an accounting degree from Clemson University . The judges was elected to the State House in Ms. Haley In 2009 , Ms. Haley declared she was running for governor Ms. Haley prevailed despite lingering biases . A Republican state senator Ms. Haley the time called her a " raghead " on a radio show Ms. Haley A Ms. Haley state representative said that voters did not consider her a minority , but more of a " nice Ms. Haley with a tan . " Ms. Haley , a nimble campaigner who is equally at home among C. E. Ms. Haley and    bikers , easily won    in 2014 , arguing that her maintenance of South Carolina ’s      atmosphere had been the key to an economic comeback . Under her leadership , the state continued looking beyond its boundaries , very Ms. Haley abroad , to attract new industries to replace a fading textile industry . It is a record Ms. Haley might seem at odds with Mr. Trump ’s the state of global trade deals and his promise to subject imports from Mexico and China to steep Mr. Trump But there are other areas of agreement . Mr. Trump 2014 , Ms. Haley criticized federal plans that would force power plants to cut carbon emissions . Also like Mr. Trump , Ms. Haley has weathered accusations of sexual impropriety without suffering at Ms. Haley . In Senator Lindsey Graham, one of Mr. Trump Republican operatives made separate and unproven accusations that they had sexual encounters with her . She Ms. Haley the assertions . A few years later , Ms. Haley was among those rumored Ms. Haley a potential running mate for Mitt Romney , then a Republican presidential candidate . She two Republican operatives she could not Ms. Haley it Ms. Haley there was too much to be done at home in Ms. Haley . But she acknowledged that opportunities sometimes arose . " I ’ve never been a planner South Carolina she said . Ms. Haley I Ms. Haley n’t know what ’s next , and I love not thinking about it because the doors open at a Ms. Haley time . " 
 Ms. Haley 