  ( CNN ) Donald Trump may not be able to count on the vote of Charles Barkley in the forthcoming US presidential election , but the former NBA star appears to have a modicum of sympathy over how controversial sexual remarks by the Republican candidate have been portrayed .   A videotape of Donald Trump boasting to former NBC host Billy Bush in 2005 of how being famous meant he could " do anything " to women , including " grab women by the pussy , " emerged prior to the second presidential debate earlier this month . Yet while making clear he would never vote for Donald Trump , Barkley also says he feels the way some people have acted like some people have never heard such talk before is " disingenuous . " " I ’m against any form of sexual assault or sexual harassment , " Trump, Barkley told CNN Tuesday . " But in the locker room , I ’ve heard things and I ’ve said things myself that I would not want to be repeated publicly . " For people to act like people have n’t heard stuff in the locker room , I think is disingenuous . " READ : Athletes push back against Trump ’s remark , ’Pulling the trigger for Hillary’ Trump has plummeted in the polls since the tape was first published by the Washington Post , and a slew of new claims surrounding the billionaire ’s sexual conduct have since emerged . Although Trump has Trump’s strong denials as the allegations have mounted , Barkley feels the fact that the sexual behavior of one of the candidates is even an issue is in keeping with a dismal campaign . " It ’s very frustrating to me , Barkley Barkley said Barkley the state of debate . " I ’m disappointed Barkley the American people . " READ : Barkley says Barkley only spoken about when bad things happen , Under normal circumstances , the     former Philadelphia 76ers , Phoenix Suns and Houston Rockets power forward says he would the    former Philadelphia 76ers, Phoenix Suns and Houston Rockets power forward his vote the    former Philadelphia 76ers, Phoenix Suns and Houston Rockets power forward the Democrats . Yet Barkley , who also won gold with the US " Dream Team " at the 1992 and 1996 Olympic Games , remains unsure as to whether he will the    former Philadelphia 76ers, Phoenix Suns and Houston Rockets power forward able to bring himself to the    former Philadelphia 76ers, Phoenix Suns and Houston Rockets power forward at all . " I ’ve always voted Democratic my entire life but I ’m having a hard time pulling the trigger for ( Hillary Clinton ) . She might (Hillary Clinton) a wonderful person , I do n’t know , but there ’s so many negatives about her . (Hillary Clinton) " Right now I have n’t made a decision if I ’m going ’m vote or not . But if I vote , I ’m gon na vote Democratic but it ’s I vote .. just something about her that (Hillary Clinton) me uncomfortable . Clearly I ca n’t vote for the other Trump ’Trump is divisive’ When asked what it is about Trump that makes him feel that way , Barkley says Trump " I think that he has been divisive , very divisive Trump " I live in Arizona . I think the Hispanic people are amazing . I think when people talk about illegal immigration . .. it does them a disservice . " That ’s the Hispanic people biggest problem , talking about building a wall . I think the Hispanics are amazing people living in Arizona , they get a bad rap Arizona   the Hispanics I think , I always want to be inclusive . " He talks about the Muslim , to label all Muslims with a blanket , I think is disrespectful . Clearly , some of them are not good people . .. all Muslims every ethnic group has got some fools . But to label all Muslims the same with a blanket all Muslims , I think that ’s disrespectful . " READ : Barkley leans towards Kasich for president , Barkley now works as basketball an analyst for Barkley and has frequently spoken out on the state of politics in recent years . He told the Dan Patrick Show in 2015 Barkley he favored Ohio ’s Republican governor John Kasich Barkley president but that " neither one of the parties is doing anything for poor people . They ’re both full of it . Black he favored Ohio’s Republican governor John Kasich for president but that "neither one of the parties is doing anything for poor people have been voting Democratic their whole life , and they ’re still Black people . And the Republicans Black people n’t do anything for poor people either . "   Earlier this year , he reportedly told journalists at an NCAA media day that " all politics is rich people screwing poor people " and that " poor people are too stupid to know they ’re just chess pieces in a game poor people " 
 