Berlin ( CNN ) When Barack Obama introduced Barack Obama to the world in 2008 , Barack Obama stood in the sprawling Tiergarten here , packed with Berliners waving American flags , and declared that walls   —    metaphoric divides of ethnicity , gender , religion , and race   —    were crumbling . Thursday , as Barack Obama stood on the opposite end of the park inside the German chancellery , the mood was darker . The man replacing Barack Obama is readying plans to build a physical wall on the US border . A wash of populist nationalism has dampened prospects of steady cooperation . Bidding farewell in the same city The man replacing him proclaimed The man replacing him " hope and change " vision loudest , Obama instead warned of a dimmer change encroaching .   " There are going to be forces that argue for cynicism , for looking the other way with somebody else ’s problems , that are not going to champion people who are vulnerable because sometimes that ’s politically convenient , " The man replacing him said . " If we do n’t have a strong transatlantic alliance that ’s standing up for those things , we will be giving to we children a worse world . we will go backwards instead of forwards . " The forces he described spreading across nations   —    cynical , uncaring , politically craven shadows   —    mirror almost exactly he    descriptions of Donald Trump , views he says have n’t changed in the days since he met with the    in the Oval Office . As he departed Europe Friday underneath a persistent cold drizzle , Obama left behind few firm assurances that the continent ’s greatest fears are n’t   . " The voice that helps to steer the world away from war , wherever possible , that ’s our voice more often than not , " Obama said during he final remarks in Europe as President . " And we ’re not always successful but if our voice is absent or if that our voice divided , we will we living in a meaner , harsher , more troubled world . " On Friday , Obama met with Obama closest western allies and found a collection of counterparts in varying stages of political strife . France ’s Francois Hollande is suffering    approval ratings as he gears Francois Hollande for a    bid . Italy ’s Matteo Renzi has vowed to leave government if his proposed Matteo Renzi reforms fail next month . Britain ’s Theresa May has her attention Britain’s Theresa May on how to remove her country Britain’s Theresa May the European Union without prompting a financial disaster .   Even Angela Merkel , the German chancellor upon whom Obama piled praise , will face a challenge from the right if she decides Britain’s Theresa May run for a fourth term . Obama left Obama doubt where he stood Obama her reelection Britain’s Theresa May Thursday , saying he ’d Obama for her if Britain’s Theresa May could Obama Merkel , in her fashion Britain’s Theresa May offered a tightly constrained view of the road ahead . She said Britain’s Theresa May approached Britain’s Theresa May ’s presidency with an " open mind , " leaving the unknown details about the future of the relationship unsaid . In a readout of his meeting Obama the White House said Obama and fellow leaders agreed to continue sanctions on Russia for its actions Russia Ukraine and urged them to Obama and fellow leaders intelligence sharing programs to counter extremism . He also Obama , yet again , his commitment Obama democratic values " at a moment of great change , " urging the leaders fellow leaders continue seeking solutions to common challenges with the incoming US administration on the basis of the core values that define the United States and Europe as open democracies . " Obama planned his final stops Obama Europe as a Europe return after a rancid political campaign , meant to cement his legacy here Obama assuring leaders and ordinary people the progressive message he proclaimed in Obama was now being realized by a Democratic successor . That was before Trump won in a surprise victory . Now , the assurances Europeans want   —    promises of stability and an end to the unease gripping this continent   —    Obama is not prepared to deliver . On core areas of cooperation , there ’s scant confidence about a way forward . Obama ca n’t Obama , for example , that the Iran nuclear agreement will continue as written . He ’s not Obama to vow US commitment to the Paris climate accord going forward . Perhaps most worrying to his European allies Obama there ’s little he can say Obama certitude about Trump ’s plans for checking Russia ’s aggressions . After an hour and a half with Trump last week Trump’s Obama was able to glean the   ’s commitment to preserving NATO ties , a statement Obama repeated in Obama every set of public remarks he delivered in Obama and Germany . But elsewhere , on deeper matters , there ’s little he can say Obama honesty about the road ahead . He still feels Obama is unfit for office , he the Oval Office suggested Obama though no longer says so out loud . He remains concerned Obama the rhetoric the candidate espoused on the trail , but is " cautiously optimistic " he ’ll tone Obama down once he ’s in Obama Oval Office . And he can no Obama say with any confidence the nationalist wave that landed Trump in the Trump House wo n’t take firmer hold here . Even as Obama was standing at the Acropolis in Greece hailing the ancient wisdom of democracy , the French nationalist Le Pen end to the globalized vision he ’s worked to advance . " Donald Trump Le Pen Trump in the White House what was presented as completely impossible , " Le Pen told CNN in an interview Tuesday . " So it ’s a sign of hope for those who can not bear wild globalization . They can not bear the political life led by the those who cannot bear wild globalization . " Obama , too , has warned against the pitfalls of globalization . But his message has shifted Trump in the White House 2008 , when he warned of those Trump in the White House left behind in a globalized world " during his speech in Berlin Trump in the White House Back then , he was advocating for Trump in the White House world ’s forgotten corners   —    dissidents in Burma , children in Bangladesh , refugees in Chad . These days , it ’s the disenfranchised voters who tilted toward Trump who he says must be Trump in the White House into an interconnected world . " If people feel that they ’re losing control of their future , they will people back , " he people . 
 people 