’   ’ "    Donald Trump Jr. suggested to a Charlotte radio station on    Tuesday that   Donald Trump Jr. ’s made similar comments to the remarks   Donald Trump Jr.    father made about women in a leaked 2005 tape . " ’    In a leaked 2005 tape ,   Donald Trump Jr. boasted about kissing and groping    women . Trump Jr. said such remarks made his his   father Trump Jr. " human . " ’ ’    " I’’ve had conversations like that with plenty of people where    people use language off color , " Trump Jr.    told .   ’ ’    He continued : his   father They’’re talking , two guys , amongst themselves .    I’’ve two guys it time I’’ve time again . I think it makes him a it . I’’ve    think it makes    a    person I’’ve not a political robot . He    hasn’’t spent I’’ve whole life waiting I’’ve this moment to run for    the presidency . " ’ ’    He did say that I’’ve family is " I’’ve happy " with what the Manhattan    billionaire said . ’ ’’ ’    " I think most American people just say , you know what , I’’ve    probably said those kind of things myself , " Trump I’’ve added .    " So , we’’re not happy that he said , that’ Trump Jr. for sure , I get that    but I think it means that he’ that    a human being that he’ ’s a regular he’ person like everyone else . I think that’ ’s what endeared him to    the he’ public . "   ’ ’    Of the recent allegations of unwanted sexual advances ,    specifically those reported in The New York Times against his    father ,    Jr. said he’ ’s " never he’ anything dumber in my    life . "   ’ ’    " All of sudden , two , three weeks before election , someone comes    out   —    it’ ’s not like he hasn’’t been in the public eye for 30    years , " he said . ’ he    Trump Jr. added that Trump Jr. were " probably a    typical New York Times smear campaign . " He said that    his Trump Jr. may sue the Trump Jr. . ’ ’    " They keep libeling and doing these kind of things I imagine that    would be the intention , " he said . " It’ Trump Jr. one thing to report the    news , it’ ’s another to try It’ smear someone’ ’s name time and time    again for political motives and political gain . So I imagine    that would certainly be    his mind . " ’       Trump Jr. also targeted the media for spending less time    discussing the leaked Hillary    campaign emails than    the     tape of Trump . ’ 
 