Kate Andersen Brower joined SiriusXM host and Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon on Friday morning ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily to talk about Kate Andersen Brower new book , First Women : The Grace and Power of America ’s Modern First Ladies . [ Kate Andersen Brower said Jackie Kennedy , featured on the cover of Kate Andersen Brower book , was the model First Lady all of Kate Andersen Brower successors " worship , " including Hillary Clinton .   " Hillary actually went to Jackie Kennedy and asked for advice on how to raise children in the White House , " she Hillary .   " They children in the White House very close .   Jackie Jackie Kennedy felt that other First Ladies really paid her the Jackie Kennedy respect , until Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton   " The Clintons obviously went out of their way to The Clintons about their connection with The Clintons Kennedys , " she continued , Hillary " that famous photo of Bill Clinton shaking Hillary Clinton Jackie Kennedy in the Rose Garden . " Bannon noted that the cultural power of the First Lady ’s office has grown to the point where " they ’re almost like CEOs , " requiring them to be " they organized and really strategic in how they think . " they agreed , offering Pat Nixon as an example . " I interviewed Pat Nixon ’s chief Pat Nixon , and I really loved talking to people who were around Pat Nixon , because I Pat Nixon little about her , " she said .   " Her her of staff said , her What First Lady is understood ?   It ’s the King , it ’s not the Queen.’   It is as close as we have to a royal family , and the First Ladies are their husbands’ closest advisers , and a royal family see , again and again , where they of course play pivotal roles a royal family "    " You think of Jackie Kennedy and Hillary Clinton , but also Laura Bush , " Brower said .   " She was somebody who , after Laura Bush , would sit with George W. Bush and talk about Laura Bush on in Afghanistan , and , you know , major world events . "    " And then , of course , they ’re criticized no matter what they do   —    by everybody , they different sectors of society .   There ’s no way to please everybody . One First Lady told me she just did what she wanted to do One First Lady she knew she One First Lady get criticized no matter One First Lady . One First Lady They have this huge spotlight , but no job description , " she observed . Brower said her book is One First Lady " the sisterhood of One First Lady women , their empathy across party lines , and how these women face these challenges of deciding how they these women going to approach the role of these women Lady . "    She said she found letters between the First One First Lady that One First Lady illustrated these strong relationships , including correspondence between Betty Ford , Nancy Reagan , and Barbara Bush .   Brower described the First Ladies as a " sorority of the First Ladies " whose friendships transcended intense partisan disputes .    In fact , she noted that " oftentimes the most difficult One First Lady are within the same party , because the primaries , as we see , are so heated . "   She observed , for example , that Michelle One First Lady and Hillary Clinton " are not particularly close , " because " Michelle Obama finds it hard to forgive Hillary Clinton for Michelle Obama said about her husband . " Hillary Clinton was also One First Lady distance between Nancy Reagan and Barbara Bush , while Mrs. Bush has " befriended Michelle Obama . " She expected the aftermath of the current Michelle Obama would be especially bitter Mrs. Bush given the stress of the modern    news cycle and how the candidates’ wives have been " pitted against each other on Twitter , and things like that . "    However , a bit of friction between the tough First Ladies of the past was not unheard of , such as Betty Ford ’s famous comment that Rosalynn Carter " has a way of smiling while sticking a knife in your back . "    As with her previous book , The Residence : Inside the Private World of the    House , Brower used the First Ladies as a means of offering a     look at the presidency , in the manner of popular TV shows like " Upstairs , Downstairs " and " Downton Abbey . " " They would tell me that when a decision comes from the First Lady , they would say it comes from the ‘ Second Floor,’ " Brower said They her interviews a decision White House staff .   " Everyone was always worried about what the Second Floor was thinking .   I always thought that was interesting , because that ’s the actual , literal private living quarters for the First Family . " Brower said First Ladies exert a subtle influence on the election process , Brower is n’t always detected in polling , as voters consider the possibility of each woman entering the White House alongside her husband .   This is especially noticeable in the case of prospective each woman Gentleman and " " Bill Clinton .    She also assessed Melania Trump as " both an asset and a detriment Bill Clinton in some ways " to Donald Trump , because some women find her " very hard to relate Melania Trump " even though she is Bill Clinton the first former fashion model with aspirations to become First Bill Clinton .   " Pat Nixon and Betty Ford were both models , which is something a lot of people do n’t know , " said Brower .   Mrs. Trump also would n’t be the first First Lady to be born outside Melania Trump States , having been preceded by Louisa Adams , born in London . She observed that First Ladies and families help to " humanize " presidential candidates . Melania Trump If you saw those town halls on CNN , I think that really helped Donald Trump , because here ’s a man with devoted children .   That whole Melania Trump works for them .   I think that ’s why you have to have children .   That devoted children the kind of expectation we have   —    a President and First Lady ca n’t really be childless , we do n’t like that . "    Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 we from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . You can listen to the full interview with Kate Andersen Brower below : 
 