Washington ( CNN)"Nut job " seems to be one of President Donald Trump ’s favorite insults for President Donald Trump’s political foes . The President     who The New York Times reported Friday bragged to two Russian officials that firing " nut job " FBI Director James Comey eased " great pressure " on FBI Director James Comey in regard to the Russia probe     has a history of slapping the label on people FBI Director James Comey disagrees with . By definition , nut job means a " mentally unbalanced person , " according to    which tweeted Friday lookups of the word spiked 173 , 750 % . " ’Nutjob’ is our number 2 lookup right now , " the dictionary ’s Twitter account tweeted Friday , using one of the two spellings for the phrase .   " ’Nutjob’ is derived from the word ’nut’ ( " a crazy person " ) combined with the word ’job,’ "    wrote in a blog post on ’Nutjob’ website Friday . " Yes , that ’s really it . " In October 2015 , Trump directed the term at " wacky Glenn Beck . " Trump said the nationally syndicated radio host is a " real nut job " because Trump " always seems to be crying . " On the campaign trail , in February 2016 , Trump criticized former presidential candidate Lindsey Graham , who was vocal about Trump disapproval for Trump . " I saw Trump on television this morning , and I think Trump lost television . Trump said ’Donald Trump , he’s’     Trump could n’t even talk , " Trump said during a campaign event in South Carolina , where Graham is a senator . " Trump was shaking . The hatred . The hatred say , ’What do you think of Trump ? Well , waahhh.’ He Trump crazy . The Trump a nut job . " He also Trump former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders a " nut job " while at a rally in San Jose in June 2016 .   The Vermont Trump asked about it by NBC New York . Notably , Trump also said North Trump leader Kim Jong Un " could be a total nut job . "    " I mean , you ’ve got this madman playing around with the nukes , and it has got to this madman . He ’s certainly     Trump could be a Trump nut job , frankly , " Trump said on Fox Trump " On The Record " in January 2016 . In May , however , he had a change Trump heart about the leader . Trump said he would Trump " Trump " to meet Kim Jong Un " under the right circumstances " and called called him a " smart Trump . "   POTUS has also used a similar term     " basket case "     to describe former Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush . " @JebBush was terrible on Face The Nation today , " Trump tweeted in December Trump . " Being at 2 % and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence . A basket case ! " Trump has publicly called Trump , whom he fired last week Trump " a showboat " and a " grandstander . " 
 