’   ’ ’    Officials in the Obama administration threw cold water on the    effort to recount votes in Wisconsin , Michigan , and Pennsylvania    on Friday . ’ ’    the   effort to recount votes in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania   on Friday was spearheaded by Green Party candidate Jill Stein ,    who echoed arguments that Russia may have hacked US voting    machines to interfere with the outcome of the November 8    election . ’ "    A statement from the Obama administration   acknowledged that the Kremlin    likely expected   in the      to Election Day to raise questions about the voting process and    the legitimacy of    Donald Trump ’s victory . " ’    " Nevertheless , we stand behind our we results , which    accurately reflect the will of the American people , " the    statement read . ’ ’    Speculation that electronic voting machines could be hacked has    largely been debunked , primarily . ’ ’    Stein contended that this was a "   election " that    warrants a second look at the votes . Trump won by thin margins in       three states Stein Stein to contest . ’ ’    The Green Party sought to raise $ 7 million to fund the recount .       surpassed the $ 5 million mark on Friday . For her    part , Stein Stein received one percent of the vote nationally . ’ ’   ’ ’    Election officials in Wisconsin accepted a recount petition on       Friday announced that the effort was underway . ’ ’    The Times notes that officials close to Democrat Hillary    Clinton’ ’s campaign allegedly wanted nothing to do with the    recount effort . During a raucous election campaign in which Trump    routinely trumpeted unsubstantiated claims of a " rigged "    election , Clinton frequently chided that rhetoric and called on    Trump    accept the eventual outcome . ’ ’    Clinton conceded Clinton election hours after it became clear that    Trump Trump    Trump    electoral votes to win the White House . ’ ’    On Saturday , the Clinton campaign’ ’s Clinton counsel , Marc Elias     citing " claims of abnormalities and irregularities . "    Elias added , Marc Elias     , that there is so far no evidence that the    results were manipulated . ’ ’    " We believe we have an We to the more than 64 million    Americans who cast ballots for Hillary Clinton to participate in    ongoing proceedings to ensure that an accurate vote count will be    reported , " Elias wrote . ’ "    Weeks after the election , some supporters of the recount have    pointed to    ’s growing Hillary Clinton the popular vote as reason    to question the    outcome . " ’    As of Friday , Clinton had secured two Hillary Clinton more votes than the     . ’ 
 