Vice President Joe Biden , who led the fight against Jeff Sessions in the 1980s when he was nominated to be a federal judge , told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on Sunday ’s edition of State of the Union that Jake Tapper would accept Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) as Attorney General under President Donald Trump . [ " [ M[y general rule is , President Donald Trump gets to choose who he President Donald Trump or she President Donald Trump for their cabinet members unless either they their cabinet members taking over the job with the express purpose of not enforcing the law in that area    …      So within bounds , the President Donald Trump get the person that they want for that job , as long as they commit they under oath , that they are they to uphold the law the law Biden said .    He said that Biden might not Biden    Trump ’s pick to head the Environmental Protection Agency   —    Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt   —    because he seemed opposed Biden enforcing some of the existing environmental regulations . " [ T]he new guy , I do n’t know him at all T]he new guy the EPA , " Biden said . " Well , if he ’s going T]he new guy to enforce the Clean Air and Clean Water act , in the name of jobs , then that ’s not a guy you vote for . " However , he said , T]he new guy seemed to want to enforce the law . Biden said he Biden wait Biden see what Sessions said in his confirmation hearings Biden the Senate before making his final decision Biden the Attorney General nominee , but that his mind remained Biden , despite having opposed him for the Biden bench . At the time , Sessions faced opposition over allegations of racially insensitive comments   —    allegations Sessions denies . Biden told Tapper that he was not Biden about the old allegations : " I would n’t have appointed Jeff , but , you know people learn , people change . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named Joel B. Pollak of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 