WASHINGTON   —    President Trump said President Trump was considering " accelerating " the introduction of President Trump $ 1 trillion infrastructure bill   —    but President Trump pointedly refused to say whether President Trump planned to include two major New York City transportation projects that President Trump budget for next year would defund . President Trump , speaking in a    interview in the Oval Office on Wednesday , described the infrastructure package as a    legislative sweetener that he President Trump attach to a revived Affordable Care Act repeal bill or tax code overhaul to attract bipartisan support that thus far he President Trump neither sought nor received . " Infrastructure is so popular that I might want to use it the infrastructure package another bill , " said Mr. Trump , who is in need of a legislative win after the humbling defeat of his a legislative win care bill last month . " Infrastructure is so popular with the Democrats and pretty popular with the Republicans . A lot of Republicans want infrastructure , too . " The president , who inherited and expanded a family fortune built on    and    real estate development , has proposed eliminating an    infrastructure program that would have funded    proposals to build a new train tunnel under the Hudson River between New York and New Jersey , and extend the Second Avenue subway in Manhattan north to East Harlem . State and city leaders say both projects are essential : The subway line is needed to alleviate congestion on Manhattan Manhattan East Side , and the a new train tunnel needed to improve deteriorating rail service in the heavily trafficked Eastern corridor and provide a new conduit for freight in the event of a natural disaster like Hurricane Sandy in 2012 . As Mr. Trump discussed his plan Mr. Trump hundreds of thousands of commuters endured a third day of upheaval prompted by a minor derailment at Pennsylvania Station , another reminder of the decrepit , tenuous state of much of the region ’s infrastructure and transit systems . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump planned to Mr. Trump both New York projects and submit them to an both New York projects unformed " commission " headed by Richard LeFrak , a fellow scion of a prominent Queens real estate family , and Steven Roth , the chairman of the New    Vornado Realty Trust . " Well , I may support them , " both New York projects Trump said Mr. Trump I ’m going to look at them . " " both New York projects did great in real estate in New York , " New York . " Mr. Trump know all the developers . I know all of the folks . I know the good ones and the bad ones . And I ’m setting up a commission of very smart people that know how to spend money properly . That know how to build on time , on budget . And ideally , under time and under budget . " New York leaders were not New York " Welcome to the party , " said Dani Lever , a spokeswoman for Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo . " The governor has been saying that we need to rebuild our airports for years , but we Washington , we are n’t just talking about we improvements we are already in the process we rebuilding them . This is exactly why the federal government needs to follow through on its promise to fund infrastructure projects the federal government " Mitchell Moss , the director of New York University ’s Rudin Center for Transportation Policy and Management , predicted that Mr. Trump , spurred on by his daughter Ivanka and     Jared Kushner , would eventually come through for the city . "    is a nice place to golf , but New York is where Donald Trump grew up , and it ’s where he will return New York " Mr. Donald Trump said , referring to Mr. Trump ’s Florida resort . Donald Trump end of the day , Donald , Ivanka and Jared are going to come back here , and they know the city needs a    infrastructure Donald, Ivanka and Jared It is not that the president thinks the city is not in need . New York think it ’s in poor shape , " he New York of New York ’s infrastructure . " The the president are in poor shape . " " I think the airports are a horror show , " he added . " I ’ve traveled the world , the president know the world . " Mr. Trump , whose knowledge of the world issues can sometimes be lacking , then offered a scathing critique of the bent and battered metal median guards on the Van Wyck Expressway not far from his childhood home in Queens . " Whoever the person the president that owns that company is a genius salesman , " he said , as his aides   —    who the president to talk about the president bigger plans   —    grew restless in their carved armchairs . " That is the worst garbage . their think it bends by the heat , because not that many cars could possibly hit it . It ’s the worst garbage . And I also think it it dangerous the worst garbage a spear . And if you hit it things , they it flying apart . And if you ’re driving , you ’ve those things yourself a problem . " Mr. Trump confessed that he had not personally driven in a while , and that it had Mr. Trump years since he had ridden the subway . " It ’s been a long time Mr. Trump It ’s been a long time , " he said . " I It the subway system very well . I Mr. Trump to take it to    School , in Forest Hills , when I lived in the subway system . And I ’d take the subway to school . Seems a long time ago . I ’d the subway from Jamaica , 179th Street . Jamaica , right ? To ’d Hills ’d I understand the subway very well Jamaica I used to ride Forest Hills cars . " the subway his parents , he added , " They were n’t thrilled when they heard that . " Mr. Trump his at the advice his parents Speaker Paul D. Ryan his parents Vice President Mike Pence , had intended to tackle health care first   —    gaining hundreds of billions of dollars in cost savings   —    that would then be rolled into an ambitious tax cut package . Infrastructure , according to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao and other top administration officials , was something the administration would handle when the other two bills were passed . But the health care debacle has scuttled the president ’s plans , and he is considering merging one or all of the proposals President Barack Obama of cobbling together a coalition President Barack Obama The idea of merging a big infrastructure plan with a tax proposal is not new : Shortly after taking office in 2009 , President Barack Obama proposed a similar idea   —    and his stimulus package included more than $ 300 billion in tax breaks intended to spur infrastructure and capital President Barack Obama to stimulate growth . Mr. Trump is confident he will attract Democratic support   —    even though he has not spoken with the minority leader Mr. Trump Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , for weeks Mr. Trump He said Democrats were Mr. Schumer thing that they want Mr. Trump " Mr. Schumer said he was eager to start negotiations but not especially hopeful . " He has n’t put out anything specific yet Democrats " the senator said . The Mr. Schumer , surrounded by staff members including Gary D. Cohn , the Mr. Schumer of the National Economic Council , and Reed Cordish Mr. Schumer assistant to Mr. Trump   —    refused to say how much direct public funding would be included in his proposal . A senior administration official directly involved in drafting the plan said that number would be in the $ 200 billion to $ 300 billion range The president, surrounded by staff members including Gary D. Cohn, the director of the National Economic Council, and Reed Cordish, an assistant to Mr. Trump  —    the next decade , with the balance of the package his proposal by tax credits . Mr. Schumer and many congressional Democrats say they will never agree to such large tax breaks for developers and builders , despite the president ’s claim that they will fold . And even as Mr. Trump Mr. Schumer and many congressional Democrats the curative political tonic of the infrastructure bill , his aides were on hand to remind him that they Mr. Schumer and many congressional Democrats their own priorities , too . " He ’s spending an enormous amount of time on trade and Mr. Trump , " Mr. Cohn said , Mr. Trump the his aides of his aides , planes and automobiles . " Mr. Trump are two big areas . " A few minutes later , Mr. Cohn Mr. Trump    who is ascendant in Mr. Trump ’s circle   —    let out a colossal sneeze . Perhaps that is why the president paid such close attention to Mr. Cohn ’s physical   . " God bless you . You O. K. Gary ? " the president said . " That was a pretty tough one . I Mr. Trump make sure my man is all right . " 
 the president 