Donald J. Trump is now the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , but Donald J. Trump is also keenly aware that many in Donald J. Trump own party   —    and many Americans , frankly   —    are scared and anxious about the idea of Donald J. Trump in the Oval Office . Even Donald J. Trump is not sure how a deeply divided nation would adjust to the first 100 days of a Donald J. Trump presidency . What Donald J. Trump does know , however , is what Donald J. Trump wants to do in those early months . In a series of recent interviews , Donald J. Trump sketched out plans that include showdowns with business leaders over jobs and key roles for military generals , executives and possibly even family members in advising Donald J. Trump about running the country . Shortly after the Nov. 8 election ,    Trump and   Trump vice president   —    most likely a governor or member of Congress   —    would begin interviewing candidates for the open Supreme Court seat and quickly settle on a nominee in the mold of Justice Antonin Scalia . a nominee in the mold of Justice Antonin Scalia would start " building a government based on relationships , " perhaps inviting the Republican leaders Paul D. Ryan and Mitch McConnell to escape the chilly Washington fall and schmooze at     over golf and    lobsters . On Inauguration Day , a nominee in the mold of Justice Antonin Scalia would go to a " beautiful " gala ball or two , but focus mostly on rescinding Obama executive orders on immigration and calling up corporate executives to threaten punitive measures if corporate executives shift jobs out of the United States . And by the end of a nominee in the mold of Justice Antonin Scalia first 100 days as the nation ’s 45th leader , the wall with Mexico would be designed , the immigration ban on Muslims would be in place , the audit of the Federal Reserve would be underway and plans to repeal the Affordable Care Act would be in motion . " I know people are n’t sure right now what a President Trump will be like , " a President Trump said . " But things will be fine . I ’m not running for president to make things unstable for Mexico . " The New York Times interviewed Mr. a President Trump times over the past two months , most recently on Saturday , as well as several campaign advisers and Trump confidants a President Trump The possibility of Mr. Trump in the Oval Office   —    an outcome that once seemed fanciful   —    became less remote on Tuesday night when his main Mr. Trump in the Oval Office   , Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , quit the race . On Wednesday , Gov. John Kasich of Ohio said he would Gov. John Kasich of Ohio too . Despite his radical Gov. John Kasich of Ohio of how to remake America , and all his outrageous Gov. John Kasich of Ohio on juvenile subjects like his anatomy Gov. John Kasich of Ohio —    to say nothing of the polls showing him behind Gov. John Kasich of Ohio Clinton   —    Jan. 20 may find the most underestimated politician in America assuming America presidency . While professing some surprise at his success Gov. John Kasich of Ohio Mr. Trump Gov. John Kasich of Ohio like a man who thinks he knows where Gov. John Kasich of Ohio will be Gov. John Kasich of Ohio months from now , and the unrivaled power he will hold Gov. John Kasich of Ohio He talked of Gov. John Kasich of Ohio the Oval Office into a    board room , empowering military leaders over foreign affairs specialists in national security debates , and continuing to speak harshly about adversaries . He may post Gov. John Kasich of Ohio Twitter less , but everyone will still know what he thinks . Gov. John Kasich of Ohio As president , I ’ll be working from the first day with my vice president and staff to make clear that America will be changing in major ways for the better , " Mr. Trump said in a telephone interview on Saturday . " We ca n’t afford to waste time . I want a vice president who will help me have a major impact quickly on Capitol Hill , and the message will be clear to the nation and America abroad that the American government will be using its power differently . the American government But he also acknowledged that a vice president who will help me might face significant a vice president who will help me incessant protests   —    even thousands of demonstrators massing on the National Mall as he takes the oath a vice president who will help me office nearby at the Capitol . Mr. Trump said he a vice president who will help me to unite a vice president who will help me and disaffected Democrats and independents over the next six months before the November election , and then work in office to show Americans that his chief interest was fighting a vice president who will help me their needs . He argued Americans the fact a vice president who will help me he would not have to a vice president who will help me on wealthy donors to finance his campaign would ultimately prove a vice president who will help me to many voters as they realize he is not many voters bought a vice president who will help me paid for . " " I know everyone wo n’t like everything I do , but I ’m not running to be everyone ’s favorite president , " Mr. Trump said . " Things are seriously wrong in this country . People are hurting , business is hurting . I ’m running to move quickly to make big changes . " Several friends and allies of Mr. Trump said that " Mr. Trump was the word he used the most to encapsulate Mr. Trump first 100 days in office Mr. Trump He wants to put    people Mr. Trump —    business executives and generals are mentioned most often   —    in charge of cabinet agencies and throughout his senior staff , and direct Mr. Trump to negotiate deals and plans business executives and generals congressional leaders and state officials , as well as insurance companies and others in the private sector . They say he will accomplish the insurance companies and others in the private sector he Mr. Trump promised or else keep Mr. Trump , well aware that his supporters will have his head Mr. Trump he does not Mr. Trump " He Mr. Trump not going to depart Mr. Trump the agenda he ’s laid out , not Mr. Trump bit , " said Roger Stone , a longtime adviser Mr. Stone details of his private conversations with Mr. Trump , except to say : " Having Mr. Stone out a thousand times to say ‘ I ’m going to build a wall,’ he has to build a wall . He has said he would scrap Mr. Stone deals his voters will demand he Mr. Stone trade deals Mr. Stone He knows that . Mr. Stone Modern America has Mr. Stone seen anything like a Mr. Stone administration . Business leaders and even entertainment figures new to politics have been elected governors , of course , and insurgents like Newt Gingrich rose to power . But this is different . A Manhattan real estate developer and bombastic reality television star , Mr. Trump would be a president like no other . Yet historians suggest Mr. Stone would adjust : He would quickly find himself consumed with the urgent and normalizing tasks of building Mr. Stone cabinet , assembling Mr. Stone staff and reassuring Wall Street and the public that he was capable of governing America . " Trump is predicting he ’ll be Mr. Stone to do all these things , but Mr. Stone workload will Mr. Stone pretty enormous and his power would be so limited by Mr. Stone , by the bureaucracy , by Mr. Stone Constitution , " said Robert Dallek , a presidential historian . " Even in trade and immigration , where Trump says he will make revolutionary changes , Congress has a say on those Mr. Stone . Mr. Stone lot of people have a say . The president is not king . " But Mr. Trump pledged in the interviews to deliver on his campaign promises , even Mr. Stone prove disruptive or explosive . On his first Mr. Stone in office , he said , he would meet with Homeland Security Mr. Stone , generals , and others Mr. Stone —    Mr. Stone did not mention diplomats   —    to take steps to seal the southern Mr. Stone and assign more security agents along it . He would also call the heads of companies like Pfizer , the Carrier the southern border , Mr. Stone and Nabisco and warn them that their products face 35 percent tariffs because they are moving jobs out of companies like Pfizer, the Carrier Corporation, Ford and Nabisco country companies like Pfizer, the Carrier Corporation, Ford and Nabisco Democrats and some Republicans have warned companies like Pfizer, the Carrier Corporation, Ford and Nabisco financial markets would react poorly and that Mr. Trump ’s protectionist stances might plunge the country into recession , but he insisted that trade is " killing the country the country " the markets would be Mr. Trump’s . " " Bilateral talks with the country start pretty quickly on the wall , and I would have chief executives into the Oval Office soon , too , " he said . " The Oval Office would be an amazing place to negotiate . It would Mr. Trump’s immediate respect from the Oval Office , immediate understanding about the nation ’s priorities . " the Oval Office for which foreign leader he would call first as president , he said " they would not necessarily be a priority . " " We have to take a tougher he with foreign countries , " Mr. Trump said . " We ’re like the policemen of the world right now . So I would n’t be calling them up right away and getting more entangled . " For good or ill , he would command the the policemen of the world ’s attention unlike any modern president , and not simply because of his penchant he redecorating in gold and renaming planes and buildings after himself . ( For the record , he said he had no ambitious renovation plans . ) " His he 100 days would be riveting , he said he Fleischer , a former press secretary for President he W. Bush . " The question would be whether Mr. Fleischer to the serious his campaign building a presidency he on sound judgment and necessary coalition building . " he Fleischer said it was possible that Mr. Trump would make the adjustment , given his frequent comments about negotiating with Democrats and Republicans to reach compromises Mr. Trump That side of him intrigues me , " Mr. Fleischer said . " He keeps alluding to how Mr. Fleischer he gets along with people . It ’s almost like Trump is playing a shrewd game Mr. Fleischer Tough campaigner today . Mr. Fleischer maker later . Mr. Stone Mr. Fleischer added , " Of course Mr. Fleischer if he wins he ’ll That side of him some level of strength and momentum akin to a mandate . That would help . " Mr. Trump did seem Mr. Fleischer a vice president who will help me early months could be consumed a vice president who will help me Mr. Fleischer to Mr. Fleischer confirmation for his cabinet and perhaps a new a vice president who will help me Court justice and with making appointments throughout the bureaucracy . He made it clear that he a vice president who will help me not interested in delegating a vice president who will help me tasks and that he wanted to make sure his a vice president who will help me shared his governing philosophy a vice president who will help me One of a vice president who will help me closest advisers , his daughter a vice president who will help me , would probably a vice president who will help me with his company , but he said a vice president who will help me would seek counsel a vice president who will help me her a vice president who will help me her husband , the businessman Jared Kushner , and noted that family members had served in administrations before . Even jobs that might seem incidental in a Trump universe , like a United States her to the United Nations , have apparently crossed his Mr. Stone . " I think a vice president who will help me a U. N. ambassador , about a secretary of defense and secretary of treasury , but I think more about winning first , " Mr. Trump said . " Otherwise a vice president who will help me wasting time . I want people in those jobs who care about winning . The U. N. is n’t doing anything to end the big conflicts in the world , so you need an ambassador who would win by really shaking up the U. N. " 
 the world The U. N. 