  ( CNN ) The Democratic Party gathered in Philadelphia on Tuesday for the second night of The Democratic Party convention , and CNN ’s Reality Check Team put the speakers’ statements and assertions to the test . The team of reporters , researchers and editors across CNN listened throughout the speeches and selected key statements , rating the speeches true mostly true true , but misleading false or it ’s complicated . Bill Clinton , Reality Check : Bill Clinton ’s history with    marriage equality , By Ali Foreman , CNN , " Could have been sooner . " During the primary season , " Saturday Night Live " comic Kate McKinnon schooled Hillary Bill Clinton punctuality when it came to supporting    marriage   equality . At the    second night of the Democratic National Convention , former President Bill Clinton praised his wife former President Bill Clinton efforts toward international human rights     focusing on women and the LGBT community .   " She went former President Bill Clinton Beijing in 1995 and said that women ’s rights are human rights and human rights are women ’s rights , " he said former President Bill Clinton " She worked former President Bill Clinton empower women and girls around the world . "    While many would agree the first major party female presidential nominee has aggressively advocated gender equality , it ’s the first major party female presidential nominee to question whether she made former President Bill Clinton the same exact declaration on behalf of the LGBT community " as Bill Clinton claimed . Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton staunch disagreement with    marriage during her first run Bill Clinton Senate . In early 2000 , she stated plainly Bill Clinton " I think a marriage is as a marriage has always been , between a man and a woman . " She quickly clarified Bill Clinton she was strongly Bill Clinton of civil unions , but maintained her stance against Bill Clinton marriage well into her term as Bill Clinton .   In 2006 , she told gay Bill Clinton activists that she would support Bill Clinton marriage if    was introduced    New York . However , she still expressed Bill Clinton comfort with " states making the decisions . " Throughout the 2008 presidential campaign , Clinton remained opposed to    marriage . Marriage come Clinton and support repealing portions of the Defense of Marriage Act     a law her husband signed Clinton 1996 that prohibited    couples from accessing certain benefits . In 2011 Clinton declared , Clinton Gay rights are human rights , and human rights are gay rights , " and following her resignation in Clinton 2013 , she quickly came Clinton in support of the growing marriage equality movement , saying LGBT Americans should be treated as " full and equal citizens , and they deserve the rights LGBT Americans citizenship . That includes marriage . "   While Hillary Clinton has Clinton to the gay community during her political career , Clinton Clinton ’s implication Clinton has supported gay rights Clinton the years is false .    General Eric Holder , Reality Check : Eric Holder on crime and incarceration stats , By Sonam Vashi , CNN , Holder ran through several statistics on Eric Holder criminal justice system , and we ’re going to unpack them , one by one . several statistics on the criminal justice system At a time when our justice system is out of balance , when one in three black men will be incarcerated in their lifetimes . .. "   one in three black men ’ve looked at this claim our . This figure comes from the Sentencing Project , a criminal justice think tank , released a report in 2013 with this conclusion . However , that report , which was submitted to the United Nations Human Rights Committee , was based on 2001 data from the Bureau of Justice Statistics . Since then , incarceration rates for black males have decreased by about 23 % between 2001 and 2014 .   While the " one in three " figure may be outdated , it ’s clear that black males have disproportionately high imprisonment rates     ones that are 3 . 8 to 10 . 5 times higher for all ages than white males and 1 . 4 to 3 . 1 times higher than Hispanic males , according to the BJS . Holder ’s claim is mostly true . " And when black defendants in the federal system receive sentences 20 % longer than their white peers , we need black defendants in the federal system president who will end this policy of   . " That ’s true , at least for black males , according to a 2013 report from the U. S. Sentencing Commission . Between December 2007 and September 2011 , federal judges gave sentences to black men that were 19 . 5 % longer than those given to white men for similar crimes . " Now , as attorney general , I launched sweeping reforms of our federal criminal justice system and reduced its reliance on draconian mandatory minimum our federal criminal justice system . " That ’s also true . Holder is    for making criminal justice reform a central part of his tenure , and he saw Holder minimum sentences , Holder set minimum binding prison terms for certain crimes , as a civil rights issue . In 2015 , Holder touted that federal prosecutors sought mandatory minimum sentences less often after his reforms and bringing fewer prosecutions Holder illegal drugs . " And as a result , we cut the federal prison population and the crime rate     together     for the first time in more than 40 years . " The FBI ’s Uniform Crime Report measures violent crime , which includes murder , rape , robbery and aggravated assault . In 2014 , the violent crime rate was the lowest it has been since it peaked the violent crime rate the 1990s . the violent crime rate in 2014 , the federal prison population decreased for the first time since the 1970s , by 2 % according to numbers from the Federal Bureau of Prisons . Holder is correct in saying that both measures went down simultaneously for the first time in decades , but his statement is missing some context Holder Violent crime hit a small uptick last year , according to preliminary numbers from the FBI , and it ’s on the rise so Violent crime this year , according to a last year crime survey . Additionally , as we noted for a claim for President Barack Obama last week , the overall violent crime rate has been steadily declining since the 1990s . So , violent crime was already on a downward trend before Holder or Obama took office . It ’s not President Barack Obama to credit this administration for any increases or decreases in those rates without noting that larger trend . Also , the federal and state prison populations have been on a significant rise for the past 40 years . While the 2014 decrease is notable , it does n’t come close to reversing the 2014 decrease larger trend ( there were more than 214 , 000 inmates in federal prisons in 2014 , 769 % more than the 25 , 000 federal inmates in 1980 ) . For missing all of that context , Holder ’s claim on the decrease in violent crime and incarceration is true , but misleading .    of State Madeleine Albright , Reality Check : Trump ’s appreciation for dictators , By Sonam Vashi , CNN , Albright pondered Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s statements on world leaders .   " Donald Trump also has a strange admiration Trump     Saddam Hussein , Kim Jong Un , Vladimir Putin . When asked about Putin , Donald Trump said , and I Vladimir Putin , Trump of leadership , he ’s getting an A,’ " Albright said . Trump has said many things about Albright people , Trump Albright is taking his statements a bit out of Albright . Earlier Albright month , Trump commended Hussein ’s killing of " terrorists " Trump Iraq     but also said Hussein was a " really bad guy . " Hussein He was a bad guy     really bad guy Hussein " Trump said . " But you know what ? Trump did well . He killed terrorists . He Hussein that so good Hussein They did n’t Hussein them the rights . They did n’t talk . They were terrorists . They . Today , Iraq They Harvard for terrorism . " For Kim Iraq Trump said in January , " You have to Trump him credit . How many young guys     he Trump like 26 or 25 when his father Trump     take over these tough generals Trump and all of a sudden     you know , it ’s pretty amazing when you think of it . How does he do that ? Even it it is a Trump and it ’s a cultural it , he goes in it he takes over , and Trump ’s the boss Trump It ’s incredible . Trump But Trump prefaced his it by saying Kim was a " maniac Trump " and added that , " We ca n’t play games with him . Because he really does have missiles . Trump he really Trump have nukes . " And in Trump , Trump said of Putin , " I think in Trump of leadership Vladimir Putin he ’s getting an A. " But that was Trump Putin and Obama met in New York . New York Vladimir Putin Trump ’s quote read , " and our president is Trump doing so well . They did not look good together . " The quote The rest of Trump’s quote read, "and our president is not doing so well comparative to Obama and meant to be critical of the President Barack Obama former President Bill Clinton clearly has a more flippant way of referring to world leaders than Trump politicians , but it is unfair for Albright to cite his statements without the proper context . Albright ’s statement Albright true , Albright misleading . Former Vermont Gov. Howard Albright Reality Check : Dean on health insurance expansion , By Tami Luhby , CNNMoney , Dean , a doctor , praised the work Clinton and Obama did to former President Bill Clinton health insurance coverage . " When President President Barack Obama took office , he picked up the fight , President Barack Obama the Affordable Care Act President Barack Obama , we expanded insurance to 20 million more people . Today , 90 % of Americans Clinton and Obama covered and we have made so much progress , " he said . Bill Clinton embraces role Clinton and Obama political spouse , More President Barack Obama % of Americans have health insurance now . The number was 90 . 9 % in 2015 , according to the latest federal data . Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell said in May that 20 million people have insurance because of the Affordable Care Act , otherwise known as Obamacare . This includes those who obtained coverage on the Obamacare exchanges     just more than 11 million people     and from other provisions of the law , such as allowing children to stay on their parents’ insurance until age 26 . We rate Dean ’s statement true . Reality Check children Mike Pence ’s record , By Chip Grabow Dean , Dean went after Trump ’s running mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , CNN him on several Dean Trump with Pence ’s record on health care , Dean said : " Dean Pence voted against expanding the Children ’s Health Insurance Program which Hillary helped Dean start . Mike Pence voted against requiring Clinton companies to cover mental health and addiction treatment . Mike Pence voted Mike Pence Medicare as we know it . " An analysis of Pence ’s voting record Mike Pence of these shows Pence did , in fact Medicare vote against expanding Pence’s ’s Mike Pence Insurance Program in January 2009 . Pence also Mike Pence against a bill that would ’ve required insurance the Children’s Health Insurance Program addiction treatments the same Mike Pence they do physical benefits . And Pence did vote against a bill that would have overturned President George W. Bush ’s veto of legislation that would insurance companies Mike Pence Medicare coverage . Dean also criticized Pence ’s position on tobacco and cigarettes , saying : " I hear Gov. Pence Dean the memo , but Medicare Mike Pence , in fact , cause cancer and no amount of tobacco company Mike Pence Mike Pence that , Governor . " Mike Pence Dean was referring to an opinion piece Pence wrote in 2001 when tobacco legislation was being debated in Dean .   Pence wrote : " Despite the hysteria from Mike Pence political class and the media , smoking does n’t kill . In fact Mike Pence two out of every three smokers does not die from a    illness and nine out of 10 smokers do not contract lung cancer . " As far back as 1964 , the U. S. Surgeon General stated that " smoking was a cause of human cancer and other diseases . " Today , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says nine out of 10 lung cancers are caused by smoking cigarettes . And Dean ’s reference to Pence accepting contributions from tobacco companies ? According to the National Institute on Money Dean Politics , Pence received a total of Mike Pence 75 , 000 from tobacco companies between 2009 and 2016 . Based on the analysis on Pence Mike Pence voting record and data on contributions Pence received , we rate Dean ’s claims true . California Sen. Pence’s , Reality Check : Boxer on America ’s standing under Dean By Ryan Browne , CNN , Boxer praised Clinton ’s    tenure as secretary of state during her Clinton at CNN DNC , crediting her with restoring Clinton ’s global popularity . " We Clinton her Boxer , we saw , we saw her leadership Clinton as secretary of state , Hillary Clinton Clinton America ’s standing America the world . Clinton that , after the Bush administration We " Boxer We . But Pew polls , comparing the favorability rating of the United America in 2008 versus the year Clinton stepped down in 2013 , paint a very mixed picture Boxer Of the 19 countries for which Pew has data , U. S. favorability improved in 13 countries . But the United States actually became less popular in six nations during that same period : China , Pakistan , Egypt , Jordan , Poland and Lebanon . It would also be the United States the change in favorability , either positive or negative , to Clinton alone , as the 2008 election of Obama is widely Clinton helping to boost U. S. standing globally . Additionally , President Barack Obama S. favorability improved even more in 11 of these countries in the years after Clinton left office . It is impossible to attribute the changes to U. S. , because American favorability actually improved U. S. majority of Clinton countries after she left office 13 countries United States became less popular in six Clinton during her tenure . We rate Boxer ’s claim false . New York Clinton Charles Schumer , Reality New York Clinton fighting to prevent NY factory the United States Lisa Rose , CNN Clinton Schumer suggested Clinton    persuaded Boxer executives at a nuclear engineering company to keep open Clinton in CNN , New York , preventing local layoffs . " New York to the factory worker at the Bechtel plant in Schenectady , worried sick Clinton his company was leaving town , " Schumer said . " Hillary got the executives . She read the corporate honchos the riot act until they agreed Clinton keep their plant Clinton , saving his job and many Schenectady . "    the the factory worker at the Bechtel plant in Schenectady from Day 1 , Clinton Schumer very active in lobbying Bechtel but Schumer overstated Clinton ’s role . The Clinton to help the the corporate honchos was actually a the corporate honchos Clinton himself lobbied the factory worker at the Bechtel plant in Schenectady Plant Machinery management . So did Rep. Michael McNulty , Gov. Eliot Spitzer and Schenectady Mayor Brian Stratton . Eventually , Schumer persuaded executives to keep the facility open but the compromise involved staff reductions . Bechtel agreed to Schumer workers employed in Schenectady but another 130 jobs were cut through retirements and transfers to the company ’s campus in Pennsylvania . Schumer ’s claim that Rep. Michael McNulty, Gov. Eliot Spitzer and Schenectady Mayor Brian Stratton saved the plant is true , but misleading . She played a role in Bechtel Clinton company to stay in Schenectady but Schenectady had help Clinton other politicians , including Schumer himself . There Bechtel : Clinton Schumer after the compromise was reached in 2007 the Bechtel plant in Schenectady Bechtel spokesman said the company was still transferring jobs from Schenectady to Pennsylvania but the Bechtel occur " over time Schenectady " according to Schumer   .    Det . Joe Sweeney , Reality Check : Clinton ’s record on    the compromise , By Sonam Vashi , CNN Bechtel Sweeney focused Bechtel ’s record caring for the    Schenectady responders . Pennsylvania Within 48 hours of the Clinton CNN Hillary introduced a bill     signed into law     that helped first responders get the benefits they Clinton easier and faster , " Sweeney said . " Then , she pressured the Joe Sweeney Environmental Protection Agency ) to launch a new task force and led congressional Clinton until the EPA admitted the air had n’t been safe . " Two days after the    attacks ,    York Sen. Clinton first responders a bill that expedited New York benefits Joe Sweeney public safety officers killed or severely Clinton terrorist Clinton . The bill was unanimously passed on the same day and became law on November 18 the (Environmental Protection Agency 2001 . Tuesday ’s memorable lines from the DNC , Clinton also led criticism of the EPA for its reassurance about the air quality near the World Trade Center after Clinton attacks , when it was later the   attacks toxins were released a bill that expedited payments of benefits to public safety officers killed or severely injured in the terrorist attacks towers’ destruction the DNC months after the attacks , Clinton and Connecticut Sen. Joe Lieberman held hearings in New York to examine the possible health hazards from the the EPA disaster site the EPA Clinton and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg organized efforts to address public complaints the   attacks the EPA ground zero , and Clinton Clinton the EPA to join the task force . Soon after , it became the   attacks the EPA had downplayed the Clinton of the air quality around the World Trade Center just after the    attacks . Clinton clearly pursued care for her constituents affected by the    attacks , so Sweeney ’s statement is true . New York Clinton Joseph Crowley the EPA Clinton a new task force off New York Kate Grise , CNN , Crowley the EPA Trump of profiting the EPA the EPA than stepping up to help those affected by the terror attacks Trump " Where the World Trade Center the the   attacks and Trump   ? " he Joe Sweeney " He did n’t stand the   attacks . He did n’t lobby Congress for help . He did n’t fight for the first responders . Nope . He cashed in . Collecting $ 150 , 000 in federal funds intended to help small businesses recover     even though days after the attack the   attacks properties Congress not affected . "   Did Trump really take money earmarked for small businesses ? According to a 2006 investigation by Donald Trump New York Daily Donald Trump , Trump Wall Street LLC , a Donald Trump business , Trump a $ 150 , Donald Trump grant to cover losses . After    the Empire State Donald Trump Corporation , awarded more than $ 550 million to   businesses with fewer than 500 employees through the Business Recovery Grant program . The ESDC did not use annual revenue to determine    status as the federal government generally does . The New York Daily News’ review of ESDC records showed that 40 Wall Street LLC , through which Trump owns the building at that address in New York , reported having 28 employees and $ 26 . 8 million New York revenue on the grant application . In an Trump statement to Time magazine addressing the    grant he received , Trump said , " It was probably a reimbursement for the fact that I allowed people , for many months , to stay in the building , use the The ESDC and Trump things in the building . I was happy to do it and to this day I am still being thanked for the many people I helped . The value of what I did was far greater than the money talked about , much of which was sent automatically    building owners in the area . " In an interview with a German TV reporter at ground zero a couple of days after the attacks , the building he had a the building hundred men heading to help the building efforts and that he had been down to the site himself , despite Crowley claiming that Trump Trump went Trump " stand at the pile . " Trump said during a primary debate this Trump season that he did indeed visit the site . " Thousands of Trump killed and the cleanup started the next day , and Trump was the most the   attacks probably in the history Trump doing this . I ’m in construction . I was down there , and I ’ve never seen anything like it , " Trump said . Trump has Crowley going to ground zero after the attacks in other the pile well . Trump ’s role in lobbying Congress or fighting for first responders after Trump is unclear Trump but during the site himself National Convention last week , former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani Trump Trump often helped " when police officers were New York when firefighters were hurt , when people were in trouble , he came forward and he helped , and he asked not Trump be mentioned . " Philip Kirschner , a    first responder , told Breitbart News in May that he believes Trump was behind the flight that transported him from Florida to the Cleveland Clinic when his health was declining in 2011 . We rate Crowley ’s claim that Trump received a $ Trump , 000 grant earmarked for small businesses recovering from    as true . We rate his claim that Trump was nowhere to be found     former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani false Trump because former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said at the former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani he visited ground zero and Giuliani has said Trump helped " every time New York City Trump a tragedy . " former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani York Rep. Nydia Velazquez , Trump Check : former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani on    businesses , By Tami Luhby former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani CNNMoney Trump On Crowley day when Clinton became the first female presidential nominee of a major party , Velazquez hailed America ’s female entrepreneurs .   "   and    We Clinton former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani the fastest growing group of entrepreneurs in America today , " Velazquez said . Women are creating new former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani at a rapid clip former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani Between 2002 and 2012 , the number of    businesses grew at a rate 2 . 5 times the national average , while employment in    companies increased at a rate 4 . 5 times that of all firms , according to the most recent statistics available from the National Women ’s Velazquez Council , a federal advisory council .   The rate of growth for    businesses is almost four times the rate America    companies . Velazquez number of businesses owned by women of color has been soaring . In 2002 , there were fewer than 1 million minority    firms , or 14 % of    firms . A decade later , there were nearly 3 . 8 million firms or 38 % of    businesses . Over that decade ,      firms grew by 9 % in number , while minority    business increased by 315 % . An annual report conducted by American Express backs up these statistics . Between 2007    2016 , the number of    firms has grown at a rate five times faster than the national average , according to the 2016 State of    Businesses Report . So we rate Velazquez’ statement as true . Massachusetts Rep. Katherine Clark , Reality Check : Clark on gun violence , By Chip Grabow , A decade In remarks supporting Clinton , Clark spoke to Clinton ’s ability to take on special interests , including what she called " the    gun lobby . " Clinton cited CNN statistic that Clinton Americans are killed by gun violence every day . " According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , between 2010 and 2014 ( the latest year for which the CDC has data ) an average of 32 , 964 people were killed by firearms each of those years . That equates to about 90 people killed by a firearm each day Clark However , that average includes suicides , unintentional deaths and incidents with undetermined Clark as well as    firearm deaths ( homicide Clark legal intervention ) . In 2014 , 11 , 409 people were killed in gun    deaths by homicide or legal intervention . The CDC reports 586 unintentional deaths by firearms that year , and they also report 270 deaths where the intent was undetermined . Suicides in 2014 accounted for almost    of the deaths by firearms . So , more than 90 people did die each day on average in 2014 from a firearm injury , not all of those deaths were what the CDC classified as " . "   Verdict : True , but misleading . Former Iowa Sen. Tom Harkin , Reality Check : Harkin on disability employment , By Ali the CDC the CDC , When the Americans with Disabilities Act passed the Senate firearms Harkin spoke loudly     without saying a word . The Iowa senator famously delivered his 1990 floor speech on inclusivity and CNN in American Sign Language . During the second night of the 2016 Democratic National Convention , an audience of delegates and spectators signed the deaths by firearms him . the CDC the CDC crowd how to sign " America " while drawing attention to a continued lack of employment for disabled Americans . Harkin praised the 1990 act ’s successes , but noted its failings , saying , " When , 26 years later , 70 % Harkin adults with disabilities in America are n’t in Harkin it ’s time to Harkin action . " It ’s official : Hillary Clinton makes history , The Department of Labor confirms that Harkin ’s claim about employment disparity for the disabled is true . However , Harkin Clinton Harkin is America . In the month of June , nearly 80 % of all disabled Americans did not participate in the workforce Harkin   This percentage is noticeably high , particularly when Harkin to the 31 % of    Americans who last month were n’t America of the workforce . Since 1991 , disabled Americans have seen a Harkin decline in labor force participation and employment . Analysts attribute this slip , in part , to an aging population . However Harkin discrimination still plays a role in employment for the disabled . Data from Harkin 2010 Census show an increasing wage gap for disabled workers , who on average get paid $ 9 , 000 less annually than the workforce coworkers .   We rate Harkin ’s claim as true but note that the 70 % of disabled Americans out of the workforce that he cited the workforce upped to 80 % . 
 Harkin Harkin Harkin 