Los Angeles ( CNN ) Democratic mayors of the nation ’s largest cities are quickly banding together to fight President Donald Trump ’s crack down on    sanctuary cities . President Donald Trump signed an executive order Wednesday that White House press secretary Sean Spicer said will " strip federal grant money from the sanctuary states and cities that harbor illegal immigrants . " President Donald Trump reiterated his President Donald Trump to target such cities Thursday when he President Donald Trump to a congressional Republican retreat .   But mayors in cities including Los Angeles , Boston and New York , as well as legal scholars , are saying not so fast . They mayors in cities including Los Angeles, Boston and New York, as well as legal scholars confident their mayors in cities including Los Angeles, Boston and New York, as well as legal scholars as sanctuary cities     jurisdictions that have policies in place designed to limit cooperation with or involvement in federal immigration enforcement actions     is secure .   What are sanctuary cities ? Some are pointing to Supreme Court cases that have made it difficult for Washington to punitively withdraw money from state and local governments . " We feel very strongly that the legal case is clear , " Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti told reporters after the executive order was announced . He Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti to NFIB vs. Sebelius , a 2012 case that challenged aspects of former President Barack Obama ’s health care law . In one part of that decision , seven justices including Chief Justice John Roberts , agreed the Medicaid expansion provision under the ACA violated the Constitution by threatening to take away states’ Medicaid money if they states’ Medicaid to comply with the expansion . ’Loud and clear’ " Back then it was a different politics , maybe it it ideologically reversed , but it it loud and clear , " Garcetti said . " You can take away funding from a specific program if you do n’t adhere to the requirements of that a specific program but we do n’t have funding that is for the    of our immigration we officials and our local officials . " Ultimately , Garcetti Garcetti it ’s not up to his Garcetti police department to enforce federal immigration laws . " They do his local police department do immigration law any more than they do his local police department fraud or tax evasion , " Garcetti Garcetti . " That is the responsibility of the federal government . "   Karen Tumlin , legal director for the National Immigrant Law Center , said there is a long line of cases that deal with the spending clause of the US Constitution . They have Karen Tumlin, legal director for the National Immigrant Law Center , she said Karen Tumlin, legal director for the National Immigrant Law Center that the federal the federal government some requirements on states when they parcel out funding Karen Tumlin, legal director for the National Immigrant Law Center " but it ca n’t be the federal government coercive . "   Key points in Trump ’s immigration executive orders , The need for a clear correlation between an action by a state and a threat to pull federal funding , was affirmed in the 1987 case South Dakota vs. Dole . That case looked at the 1987 case South Dakota vs. Dole wanted to have a drinking age under 21 . The federal government threatened to restrict highway funding in those states because they believed states that wanted to have a drinking age under 21 drinking laws The federal government highway safety . In that case , the court the 1987 case South Dakota vs. Dole the federal government was n’t being " The federal government because underage drinking was indeed directly related to highway safety . " There is a constitutional boundary there , " Tumlin said , " and the boundary really is coercion     this notion of a constitutional boundary what kinds of things localities get to decide and when the federal government can coerce them into action . The federal government the many complex facets of localities Trump ’s executive order will play out is the fact that the term " sanctuary city " has no universal meaning . Police chiefs around the country have widely varying policies in the degree to which they cooperate with ICE agents and the lengths they will go to Police chiefs around the country undocumented immigrants . Law enforcement leaders in Police chiefs around the country cities have argued it is invaluable to have a strong relationship with immigrant communities     and limit fear of deportation     when they are trying to solve crimes . Undocumented immigrants , they note Law enforcement leaders in some cities can serve as helpful informants . Tricky balance for Undocumented immigrants , But Democratic mayors face a tricky balance . Many of them want to develop a good relationship with the Trump administration , Democratic mayors they see opportunities to bring dollars to their cities if the new Democratic mayors embarks on the major infrastructure projects Democratic mayors has promised . Garcetti , for example , has spoken to the new President three times since he was elected about projects that they could the Trump administration on . But Garcetti the most liberal bastions of the country , mayors must also answer to their constituents who want to see path to citizenship for as many mayors 11 million immigrants living in the United States . Boston Mayor Marty Walsh was among the most strident voices in the resistance this week     promising that if necessary , he would " use City Hall itself to shelter and protect anyone Boston Mayor Marty Walsh is targeted unjustly . " Reality Check : Illegal immigration has plummeted , " We will not be intimidated by the threat to federal funding , " Walsh said . " We have each other ’s backs , and Boston Mayor Marty Walsh have the Constitution of the United States of America on our We . " New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio declared We ’s executive order to be " vague and in some ways contradictory " and " very susceptible to legal challenge . " " If they make an attempt to pull that money , it will be from NYPD , from security funding to fight terrorism , " de Blasio told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota Thursday on " New Day New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio " If an attempt is made to do that , we will go to court immediately for an injunction to stop it . " In Chicago , Mayor Rahm Emanuel , who has welcomed Trump ’s Twitter offer to send in federal resources to reduce Chicago ’s shooting and killings , told reporters that the executive order would Chicago change anything . " We are going to stay a sanctuary city , " he said during a press conference . Noting the executive order lacked any Emanuel about what funds would be taken away the executive order to highlight the positive . " I ’m going to take the President Emanuel offer to give us resources , and that ’s where I ’m going to focus , " Emanuel said . 
 ’m 