  ( CNN ) The recent run of bad news for Donald Trump show that the strategies , tone and tactics that Donald Trump rode to the Republican nomination for president could be the very factors that block Donald Trump chances of winning the White House .    In the primary , Donald Trump succeeded by being brash , profane , unscripted and unpredictable , insulting anybody who opposed Donald Trump and promising to reverse most of President Obama ’s economic and foreign policy positions , all while heaping personal insults on President Obama along the way .   Donald Trump vowed to repeal Obamacare , promised to alter the terms of trade deals and called on the United States to ban all immigration of Muslims to the United States . The proposals     and Trump ’s unscripted , combative style on the stump     won millions of votes from Republican voters .   But Trump Trump learning     the hard way     that general election voters who skipped the primaries do n’t necessarily like his harsh Trump outrageous statements .   In particular , Trump ’s Trump on the federal judge hearing one of the fraud cases against Trump University , accusing Judge Gonzalo Curiel of being biased against him because Judge Gonzalo Curiel he ’s Judge Gonzalo Curiel Mexican , " seems to have backfired , drawing condemnation from top Republicans and conservative activists .   And attacking Obama these days is n’t a smart political play : his approval Obama have been rising lately , suggesting that a significant number of voters wo n’t respond to Trump ’s attacks , like his baseless Obama outrageous insinuation that the President somehow was involved in the horrific massacre in Orlando . Sen. John McCain made a similar comment Thursday , but quickly walked it back a similar comment   Trump has Trump’s with the critique .   Such antics may tickle Trump ’s Trump’s , but it may already Trump’s conservative base causing his support to the President among less partisan voters . The latest    Post poll shows that 70 % of U. S. adults have an unfavorable view of Trump , a Trump’s jump since last month and a point less than the worst numbers Trump has seen since announcing for president .   A recent Bloomberg poll had even worse news : 55 % of voters said they would not 55% of voters for Trump under any Trump . And the damage could spread to other GOP candidates : only 32 % of voters have a favorable view of the Republican party , according to the Bloomberg poll A recent Bloomberg poll 49 % favorability for the Democrats . Trump ’s reaction Trump the bad news has been in keeping with advice in his    book Trump The Art of the Deal " : stay on the attack .   But another of Trump ’s business Trump control costs     could make it hard to get his message another of Trump’s business rules    control costs     .   As another of Trump’s business rules    control costs     Republican strategist Karl Rove has pointed out , Trump ’s insistence on Trump 500 million for his race     only a Trump of what Hillary Clinton and the Democrats hope to raise and spend     will leave Trump badly outgunned on television Trump no matter how much " free " attention he gets from news programs Trump Examining a hypothetical ad campaign in Tampa Florida , Rove says Clinton could easily reach 1 million viewers Hillary Clinton compared with about 200 , 000 viewers Trump might get by appearing Trump    cable shows .   The combination of outrageous attacks on a popular President and refusing to spend big money to drive the message home means Trump is making an already Trump campaign even harder to win .   While he has confounded critics , Trump and pundits before , the reality is that the 20 million votes he got in the primaries Trump caucuses will be dwarfed by the fall turnout , which could reach 140 million .    The sour poll numbers this week are a wake up call to the billionaire that the easy part of the campaign is now behind him , and the real Trump now begins . Join us on Facebook . . Read CNNOpinion ’s new Flipboard magazine . 
 