  ( CNN ) There is nothing unusual about a newly elected president replacing all of the United States attorneys with his own personal appointments . all of the United States attorneys are the nation ’s most powerful federal prosecutors with the power to even investigate the Bill Clinton Bill Clinton , for instance , terminated all 93 sitting US attorneys when he assumed office Bill Clinton What is unusual is telling or strongly implying that you are going to extend the term of a US attorney into the new administration and then arbitrarily demanding his resignation . Bill Clinton is what Preet Bharara , the    and highly charismatic US attorney for the Southern District of New York , claims that President Trump did to him , and President Trump is plenty angry about it . The President Trump did to him attorney for the Southern District the Southern District of New York powerful seats of New York in the United States , second only to that occupied by his nominal boss , the attorney general of the United States The US attorney for the Southern District of New York Jeff Sessions .   Even presidents and the United States lightly when dealing with the powerful Southern District prosecutor given its the Southern District as an institution of impeccable integrity . It is staffed by the powerful Southern District prosecutor of the nation ’s most talented lawyers who have the powerful Southern District prosecutor from lucrative jobs at prestigious the United States to   perform the public service of prosecuting the rich , powerful and politically connected in the media center of the United States and the world . Bharara constantly generates headlines using a combination of the United States ability to abandon legalese , speaking instead in    soundbites to New York ’s always    press . The last US attorney who maintained such a high profile in New York was    Giuliani . He managed to trade in his prosecutorial fame for the title New York of the City of New Rudy Giuliani and later , after Rudy Giuliani    tragedy , to " America ’s mayor . " Prior New York the office have included Thomas Dewey , the former New York governor and presidential candidate former New York District Attorney Robert Morgenthau and FBI Director James Comey , New York just a few . Why the New York tell Bharara that he would like him to stay on and then pull the rug out from under him at first seems odd . the President then we the President to remember what happened to Chris Christie and Rudy Giuliani . the President on anything but wall to wall carpeting in the Trump administration is a obviously a dangerous tactic .   Trump may have become increasingly wary of Bharara ’s close relationship with his mentor , US Sen. Chuck Schumer of New the Trump administration . Bharara served as counsel to Bharara minority leader and was the Trump administration with Schumer ’s recommendation to President Obama that Bharara should Bharara appointed to the coveted Southern District prosecutorial spot .    Bharara has US Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York as an aggressive prosecutor in Bharara corruption cases regardless of the political party of the target . Close Bharara aides to both New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo and New York City Mayor Bill De Blasio     both Democrats     have recently come under Bharara ’s prosecutorial microscope .    The investigation of possible ties between members of the Trump campaign team and Russian officials , Bharara President ’s claim that he was wiretapped in Trump Tower on orders of President Obama , will all lead back to the Southern District of New York . the President the end , President Trump has undoubtedly decided that he wants his own pick rather than the choice of Senate adversary Chuck Schumer in place as the the President prosecutor in New York . the President In the President Bharara , though , the President has created a formidable and charismatic enemy who shares the President ’s social New York . Mr. Bharara has now become the first the President for the Southern District of New York to announce that the President fired via Twitter . POTUS beware . 
 New York Mr. Bharara 