With less than eight weeks until Election Day and pressure mounting for the candidates to give details about the candidates health and medical histories , Donald J. Trump acknowledged on Wednesday that Donald J. Trump was overweight and taking a    drug , and Hillary Clinton elaborated on the circumstances that led to Hillary Clinton contracting pneumonia and the medicine Hillary Clinton was taking to recover . Hillary Clinton ’s doctor said she Hillary Clinton continues to improve " after contracting a " mild , noncontagious " form of pneumonia diagnosed on Friday , two days before she Hillary Clinton dizzy and was seen losing her Hillary Clinton while leaving a ceremony for the 15th anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks . In a letter released by the Clinton campaign , the physician , Dr. Lisa R. Bardack , said she Hillary Clinton evaluated Mrs. Clinton times since Sunday , including on Wednesday . " She Hillary Clinton recovering well with antibiotics and rest , " Dr. Bardack said . " She Hillary Clinton to remain healthy and fit to serve as president of the United States . " After Mrs. Clinton Clinton ’s Sept. Sunday ceremony early , a spokesman initially said only that she had felt Clinton . But after video shot by an onlooker showed Secret Service agents helping a wobbly Mrs. Clinton into a van , her campaign released Clinton statement from Dr. Bardack saying that Mrs. Clinton had a wobbly Mrs. Clinton Since then , Mr. Trump ’s campaign her campaign refrain from talking about Mrs. Clinton ’s health a wobbly Mrs. Clinton topic of speculation among some Republicans before her pneumonia diagnosis . But at a wobbly Mrs. Clinton rally in Ohio pneumonia Wednesday night , Mr. Trump said he hoped Mrs. Clinton was improving Mr. Trump’s a wobbly Mrs. Clinton was Mr. Trump’s lying in bed . a wobbly Mrs. Clinton He also noted his ability to keep standing in an overheated Mr. Trump’s . " Mr. Trump’s do n’t know , folks , " he said . " Do you think Hillary would be able Mr. Trump’s stand up a wobbly Mrs. Clinton for an hour ? " Despite fanning conspiracy theories about Mrs. Clinton ’s health , Mr. Trump a wobbly Mrs. Clinton about his own . On Wednesday , he Mr. Trump’s appearance on Dr. Mehmet Oz Mr. Trump’s daytime television show in which Mr. Trump’s discussed his health to some degree , including the results of a physical Mr. Trump’s week Mr. Trump’s according to people present for the taping and a clip released by the show ’s publicists . But little information was available about what was said on the show , which will be broadcast on Thursday , other than that Mr. Trump , 70 , said he was taking regular doses of a statin , a drug that lowers cholesterol Mr. Trump’s and gave his weight as 236 pounds . At about     Mr. Trump would have a Mr. Trump’s mass index of 30 . 3 . The National Heart , Lung and Blood Institute defines obesity as a B. M. I. of 30 or more , and overweight as 25 to 29 . 9 . NBC News reported that Dr. Oz pronounced Mr. Trump " slightly overweight . " Democrats have seized on Mr. Trump ’s weight this week , with Harry Reid , the Senate minority Mr. Trump Tuesday that he was hardly " slim and trim , " and David Plouffe , a former senior Mr. Trump to President Obama , suggesting on Twitter that he would rival William Howard Taft in portliness . Mr. Trump has yet to make public Mr. Trump much personal medical information as Mrs. Clinton has Mr. Trump this week , he said he would soon release new medical records , and he was expected to discuss the Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump physical on Dr. Oz ’s show . During Mr. Trump taping , he theatrically produced what he Mr. Trump as the results and allowed Dr. Oz to review them , Mr. Trump to the brief Mr. Trump released . the results of his physical on Dr. Oz’s show week , the Dr. Oz’s information about the results of his physical on Dr. Oz’s show Trump had come in December in a letter Earlier this week longtime physician , Dr. Harold Bornstein , which included a few numbers   —    Mr. Trump ’s blood Mr. Trump and PSA test score   —    and little else aside from superlatives and boasts Mr. Trump letter also said that Mr. Trump had lost 15 pounds over the previous year , though it did not give a letter from his longtime physician, Dr. Harold Bornstein, which included a few numbers  —    before or after Mr. Trump the letter released by the Clinton campaign , Dr. Bardack said that she had examined Mr. Trump Clinton , 68 , on Friday for a prolonged ,    cough , discovered " small right    pneumonia Dr. Bardack " put her on antibiotics and advised her " to rest and modify her schedule . " At the Sept. 11 ceremony , she said Dr. Bardack Mrs. Clinton " became Dr. Bardack and dehydrated , " but Dr. Bardack " rehydrated and recovering nicely " later that day Dr. Bardack Criticized for Dr. Bardack Clinton ’s illness , her aides apologized on Monday and promised to release more information about her medical history . Mrs. Clinton canceled trips to California and Nevada Dr. Bardack week to rest , but she planned to return to the Dr. Bardack trail on Thursday Dr. Bardack Bardack ’s letter also cast some new light on the persistent cough that Dr. Bardack Clinton complained of before she was found to have pneumonia . Dr. Bardack said she had examined Mrs. Clinton on Sept. 2 , a Dr. Bardack the pneumonia diagnosis , Dr. Bardack Mrs. Clinton experienced a    fever Dr. Bardack’s and fatigue Dr. Bardack’s She Dr. Bardack and rest , but Mrs. Clinton continued to travel , and over several Dr. Bardack " her congestion worsened and she developed a cough , " Dr. Bardack’s Bardack wrote . That Monday Dr. Bardack Clinton had an extended coughing attack while trying to deliver a Labor Dr. Bardack’s speech in Cleveland Dr. Bardack’s The details released Wednesday included that Mrs. Clinton has been taking Dr. Bardack Levaquin , " as well as    as needed . " Dr. William Schaffner , a professor of infectious diseases at Vanderbilt University Dr. Bardack that the information suggested Mrs. Clinton may have had the pneumonia for a longer period , and that she needed a    examination and    to make sure it was responding well to the antibiotics Dr. Bardack Bardack wrote that " the remainder of her complete physical exam was normal Dr. Bardack and she is in excellent mental condition . " Her letter did not include Mrs. Clinton ’s height or weight . It did note , Dr. Bardack , that in January , Mrs. Clinton Dr. Bardack a sinus and ear infection that caused Dr. Bardack progressive pain in her left ear . " She was treated with Her letter as well as the placement of a myringotomy tube Mrs. Clinton’s ear , and her symptoms resolved by March . Before Sunday Dr. Bardack Dr. Bardack ’s last Dr. Bardack comment about Mrs. Clinton ’s health had come in a    letter in July Dr. Bardack describing her left ear Dr. Bardack " healthy female with hypothyroidism and seasonal allergies " who was in " excellent physical condition . " Mrs. Clinton has expressed frustration with what she says is a Dr. Bardack standard , in which she is expected to adhere to traditional levels of transparency but Mr. Trump is not penalized for ignoring them Mrs. Clinton’s has quickly shifted from questions about Mrs. Clinton’s medical records to criticizing Mr. Trump for not Mrs. Clinton’s his tax returns . " It ’s really past time for him to be held to the same standards Mrs. Clinton’s " she told CNN on Monday Mrs. Clinton’s . Mrs. Clinton ’s Mr. Trump , Senator Tim Kaine Mr. Trump Virginia , also released a doctor ’s letter Wednesday , Mr. Trump he was in excellent health and worked out Mrs. Clinton’s times a week . Dr. Brian Mrs. Clinton’s the attending physician to Congress , said Mr. Kaine ’s cholesterol and blood lipids were elevated , but made no mention Mr. Trump a statin drug . The upper chamber of the left side of Dr. Monahan Monahan noted nothing else unusual about his heart or major arteries . Mrs. Clinton ’s disclosures may help her campaign bat down rumors about her health that have been driven by conservative news outlets with Mr. Trump Mr. Kaine’s After her coughing fit in Cleveland , Mrs. Clinton casually told reporters Dr. Monahan her campaign plane that she was taking more antihistamines . " It happens Mrs. Clinton’s twice a year , in Mrs. Clinton’s spring when the pollen comes Cleveland Dr. Bardack happens in the fall , Dr. Bardack she said . Mrs. Clinton’s It lasts a couple days , and then it disappears . " " There is a long video recording that someone is compiling right now , going back decades Dr. Bardack " she added jokingly . Mrs. Clinton has the pollen to bounce back quickly from medical issues in the past . In 2009 , she slipped in a It Department garage and fractured her elbow Dr. Bardack but traveled to Dr. Bardack Thailand a few days later with her arm in a sling and her joint held together with Dr. Bardack and pins . She took longer to recover Dr. Bardack dehydration brought on by a stomach virus led her to faint and hit Dr. Bardack head on a toilet at Dr. Bardack home in 2012 . She sustained a concussion Dr. Bardack was later found to have a blood clot in her head . Among Dr. Bardack things she had to Dr. Bardack was an appearance before Congress Dr. Bardack testify about the Sept. Dr. Bardack , 2012 , attack in Benghazi , Libya . The timing led to Dr. Bardack speculation by Republicans , who Dr. Bardack Mrs. Clinton of faking an illness . One Fox her head called it an " acute Benghazi allergy . " Some Congress expressed concern about a similar politicizing of Mrs. Clinton ’s current diagnosis Dr. Bardack They ’re hitting each other on the heads with stethoscopes to try to earn points , " said Arthur L. Caplan , a professor of medical ethics at Fox News York University . Benghazi Mrs. Clinton’s both candidates needed additional scrutiny , given their ages . " You ’ve got older candidates , so both candidates ’re going to see health problems and risks detected in both of them , " he said Dr. Caplan Dr. Caplan older candidates 