  ( CNN ) Sen. Lindsey Graham said Wednesday if the FBI determines that President Donald Trump ’s campaign illegally coordinated with Russia , Attorney General Jeff Sessions should recuse President Donald Trump’s from making the decision whether to pursue prosecutions . Sessions , a President Donald Trump’s appointee , " can not make the decision whether to pursue prosecutions , " Sen. Lindsey Graham said . But Sen. Lindsey Graham deflected a question about a Washington Post report that Sessions twice spoke with the Russian ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak during the 2016 presidential campaign , saying Sen. Lindsey Graham needs to know more . " If there were contacts between the Trump campaign and Russian Russian , they the Trump campaign and Russian officials be legitimate they the Trump campaign and Russian officials be OK . I want to know what happened between the the 2016 presidential campaign the Clinton campaign and the Russians , " Graham told CNN ’s Dana Bash at a town hall in Washington with Sen. John McCain . Sessions met twice , in July on the sidelines of the Republican convention , and in September in his office when Sessions was a member of the Senate armed services committee .   The Justice Department disclosed the meetings and said Sessions did n’t mislead senators during his confirmation earlier his year when he said he his of his contacts between Trump surrogates and Russians . Sessions , then a senator , was an early Trump backer and Trump surrogate for him as a his .   Sessions’ spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said there was nothing " misleading about his answer " his Congress because the Alabama Republican " was asked during the hearing about communications between Russia and the Trump     about meetings he took as his senator and a member of the Armed Services Committee . " " Last year , the Senator had his conversations with foreign ambassadors as a senior member of the Armed Services Committee the Armed Services Committee , Korean , Japanese , Polish , Indian , Chinese , Canadian , Australian , German and Russian ambassadors , " Isgur Flores said the in the statement .   Both McCain and Graham lambasted Trump over his approach to Russia and the country McCain President , Vladimir Putin Russia When it comes to Russia , he has a blind spot . Russia McCain line is that Putin is disrupting democracy everywhere , " Graham Vladimir Putin . McCain , who has Graham for a select committee to investigate Russia ’s attempts to influence the US election Russia the country ’s efforts require more attention . " Russia , what the Russians tried to do to our election could have destroyed democracy , " he said . the Russians that ’s Graham we ’ve got to pay a hell of a lot more attention the Russians the Russians and the things they ’re doing in Europe     and right now , they ’re the Russians to determine the outcome of the French election , the Russians they ’re using cyber . " Kislyak the US election US intelligence to be the Russians of Russia ’s top spies and     in Washington , according to current and former senior US government officials .  
 