  ( CNN ) Amid ongoing calls to defund Planned Parenthood by many conservative Republicans in Congress , the group ’s leader declared Wednesday that they ’d face less fire if there were more legislators " that could get pregnant . " " they ’ve come at us and come at women in a way that is much harsher than I even imagined , " Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards said during a panel at the Women in the World conference Wednesday in New York . " Frankly , if us had more members of the United States Congress that could get pregnant , us would quit fighting about Planned Parenthood and access to reproductive health care . " Richards Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards accused the the Women President Donald Trump ’s administration , including his Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards , Ivanka Trump , of not doing enough to promote women ’s interests in the White House . " Anyone who works in this White the White House for addressing why women are in the crosshairs of basically every single policy that we ’ve seen out of this administration , " she Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards . Richards Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards her Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards at the eighth annual Women in the World Summit . The conference features panels with women and men who discuss issues affecting women . Richards Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards on a panel that discussed feminism and how to raise children     of both genders     to be feminists .   Richards Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards said her Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards , former Texas Gov. Ann Richards , would ’ve given Trump a " go , with 140 characters every day . " When asked what her Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards mother would her mother, former Texas Gov. Ann Richards Trump Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards she Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards she Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards Trump Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards It ’s probably     we could n’t repeat it here , " Richards said . Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards It Richards Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards feminist and the second woman ever to be elected governor of Texas , serving from 1991 to 1995 and defeated for reelection by Republican George W. Bush . 
 