President Barack Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton are now both on Martha ’s Vineyard as former President Bill Clinton prepares to celebrate former President Bill Clinton 70th birthday on the island . [ It is unclear whether the Obamas will attend former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton birthday party , which according to a Clinton former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will include " family and friends . "   Obama has spent most of his Obama time on the island golfing and spending late nights out with friends , while Hillary former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton remained on the campaign trail . Clinton ’s former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to Martha ’s Vineyard comes after the Baton Rouge Advocate penned an editorial asking President Obama Obama in Louisiana for the sake of residents suffering from historic floods . Now that the flood waters ravaging Louisiana are receding Louisiana it ’s time the flood waters ravaging Louisiana are receding President Barack Obama Obama most anguished state in the union . Last week , as torrential rains brought death , destruction and misery to Louisiana , the president continued Louisiana vacation Obama ’s Vineyard Obama a playground for the posh and   . We ’ve seen this story before in Louisiana , and we do n’t Louisiana a sequel We In 2005 , a    by a vacationing President George W. Bush became a symbol of official neglect for the victims of Hurricane Katrina . The current president was among those a vacationing President George W. Bush out of Bush ’s aloofness . Sometimes , presidential visits a vacationing President George W. Bush in the way of emergency response , doing more harm than good . But we do n’t see that as a factor now that flood waters are subsiding , even if at an agonizing pace . It ’s past time for the president to pay a personal visit , showing a vacationing President George W. Bush with suffering Americans . Thursday night , the a vacationing President George W. Bush and the First Lady were out until nearly midnight at the Beach Road restaurant . Obama also spent the afternoon on his ninth round of golf in the 14 days he Obama been on vacation . Obama ’s vacation schedule Obama has been empty , prompting Obama reporters that the president may end up at the Clinton Birthday party . Obama afternoon , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and his running mate Mike Pence landed in Baton Rouge to visit flood Republican . On Monday , the president attended a fundraiser for Clinton , praising her warmly and Obama to " run scared " Clinton Donald Trump Clinton " It is absolutely critical that we have a capable Donald Trump , hardworking , diligent , smart , tenacious leader in the Oval Office , " he said . " And that ’s Hillary Clinton . That ’s who Obama is . " 
 Clinton Clinton 