  ( CNN ) Throughout the primaries and general election campaigns Donald Trump repeatedly criticized the    Partnership ( TPP ) as being a terrible deal for America . Now , as Donald Trump Donald Trump committed to withdrawing from the the   Partnership (TPP) upon assuming office .   Key US allies are dismayed at Trump Donald Trump to reverse course . First amongst them , Japan Key US allies Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , a keen supporter of the TPP , who had worked hard to overcome domestic opposition to the agreement .   Australian Prime Minister , Malcolm Turnbull , had called the TPP an " important strategic commitment " and said that it was in Australia ’s national interest to see the TPP in the TPP   Beyond the immediate disquiet Trump ’s decision has caused amongst US allies , however , emerges another question : what does the US now want in the Pacific ?   The TPP , alongside the TPP of Obama ’s pivot , was intended to provide certainty     that the US was there for the US and allies , committed the US the key principles of    and open economies as a mutually beneficial relationship .   What happens now is a question that many will be asking .   RELATED : TPP is ’meaningless’ now , the TPP just an economic agreement , The TPP was always widely the TPP not only by Trump but also by Democratic primary contender Bernie Sanders and , even , by Hillary Clinton who once was a strong supporter of it .   It was intended the TPP be a the TPP agreement between 12 states across the Pacific . It included an agreement to cut the TPP tariffs on manufactured and agricultural goods , harmonize approaches to intellectual property and to establish an agreed arbitration process by which investors can sue member governments if they violate the terms of the agreement investors   It is a a   agreement between 12 states across the Pacific however , to view the TPP only as an economic agreement .   It is best understood as an economic dimension to President Barack Obama ’s decision during his first term to rebalance America ’s strategic President Barack Obama to the Pacific to face a rising China .   This rebalance included the redeployment of military assets , the investment of increased diplomatic resources and     through the TPP     a renewed US economic interest in the region .   To achieve this end , the TPP included traditional US allies such as Australia and Japan as well as more recent friends such as Vietnam , and excluded China .     Trump ’s decision to reverse US policy and abandon the TPP therefore not only has economic consequences the TPP political and strategic ones . The reliability of the US as an economic and strategic partner has just plummeted in key regional capitals . Trump has indicated an interest in placing tariffs on Trump exports to the US and little concern with the consequences of the US conflict for supposed US allies .    Alternative proposals , With the abandonment of the TPP by Trump , we are now entering a period of Trump competition around what , if any , economic agreement will be put in place across the Pacific and who will oversee that process .   Just as with the TPP , these seemingly economic arguments have clear political the TPP   China has already proposed its own economic agreement , a    zone across South and China Asia that excludes the United States , the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership . This proposal , already under negotiation , will now receive renewed interest from states who were previously part of the TPP arrangement .   Before Trump ’s announcement , Prime Minister Abe said that there would be a shift in thinking towards participating in China ’s proposal were the TPP to fail .   Indonesia , which had not taken part in the TPP , has forwarded a different suggestion .   At the recently concluded APEC summit held in Lima , Peru , Indonesian    M Jusuf Kalla proposed an economic group comprising the ten member states of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) together with The Pacific Alliance , a collection of four    American states .   Such a grouping would offer ASEAN members , a collection of small and middle powers , a way to take the lead in the face of US withdrawal and the continued concern about Chinese domination .   Indonesia , when making the proposal , explicitly positioned it as a balance against both China and the United States the proposal demonstrating the extent to which both states are now viewed with concern in Southeast Asia . the United States Indonesia ’s proposal is new , and seemingly made without extensive Indonesia with other ASEAN members , it would likely receive the backing of ASEAN member states including the Indonesia’s proposal , which under Rodrigo Duterte has ASEAN a    policy detaching itself from the US .   Any agreement better than none   Indonesia’s proposal ASEAN members with a strong relationship with the US , such as ASEAN , will now look on these the US renewed interest in the belief that any agreement is better than no agreement .   Trump ’s decision to leave the TPP reinforces the biggest fear that his election has provoked     that we do not know what the US is going to do next .   The TPP , despite the US widely within and beyond the US , was the TPP product of US diplomacy with traditional aims . the US to leave the TPP is a sign that Trump places little value in the US keeping its promises the TPP sees no value in doing so     and the US now colors the US with the US .   RELATED : World resigned , but wary of unpredictable Trump , Once the US the presidency , states across the       whether allies , friends or supposed rivals     are going Trump have to come to terms with a not only insular superpower , but likely an erratic one . 
 