  ( CNN ) An arts and entertainment writer at the New York Observer published an open letter to An arts and entertainment writer at the New York Observer owner , Donald Trump ’s     and adviser Jared Kushner , asking for adviser Jared Kushner to publicly condemn the campaign ’s use of " blatant    imagery . "      The article , titled " An Open Letter to adviser Jared Kushner , From One of Your Jewish Employees , " was written by Dana Schwartz and posted on the Observer website Tuesday afternoon .   Schwartz Dana Schwartz Kushner , who is Jewish , directly and describes the hateful responses she Dana Schwartz on social media after calling out Trump ’s now infamous ( and deleted ) Saturday morning tweet , which featured an image of Hillary Clinton set against a backdrop of cash , with " Most Corrupt Candidate Ever ! " written across with a    star in the foreground . " Please do not condescend to me Schwartz pretend you do n’t understand the imagery of a    star when juxtaposed with money and accusations of financial dishonesty , " Schwartz writes . " I ’m asking you , not as a ’gotcha’ journalist or as a liberal but as a human being : how do you allow this ? Because , Mr. Kushner , you are allowing this this " The     publisher has been married to Trump ’s daughter , Ivanka , who converted to Judaism before their Judaism , since 2009 . As the presumptive Republican nominee ’s campaign has progressed , Kushner Mr. Kushner influence within its the presumptive Republican nominee’s campaign muddled hierarchy has grown . A recent New York Times profile described him Mr. Kushner its A recent New York Times profile as the candidate ’s " quiet fixer . "   But Schwartz Mr. Kushner Kushner Mr. Kushner being used , played as a patsy to deflect or deny criticism of what she Mr. Kushner as " your    ’s repeated accidental winks to the white supremacist community . " " When you stand silent and smiling in the background , his Mr. Kushner     you ’re giving his Mr. Kushner hateful supporters tacit approval , " she Mr. Kushner . " Because maybe Donald Trump is n’t   . To be perfectly honest , I do n’t think he Donald Trump . But I know many of his Donald Trump , and they believe his most hateful supporters whatever reason that Trump is Donald Trump candidate for them . his most hateful supporters In a statement later Tuesday , Kushner defended Trump and Donald Trump charges of   . " My     is an incredibly loving and tolerant person who has embraced my family and our Judaism since I began dating my wife , " he said Kushner an email . " I know that Donald does Kushner at all subscribe to any racist or    thinking . I have personally seen him embrace Kushner of all racial and religious backgrounds . The suggestion that he may Kushner intolerant is not reflective of the Donald Trump I know . " Schwartz tweeted Kushner ’s response , adding , " With all due respect , Mr. Kushner Kushner was n’t the point . " 
 