  ( CNN ) To those stunned by the election of Donald Trump , " How did we get here ? " is a question that ca n’t be comprehensively answered in a tweet or sound bite . Frontline recognizes that with " Divided States of America , " a      deep dive into the toxic tone of American politics . Despite interviewing a long roster of political figures and journalists , director Michael Kirk and Michael Kirk team do n’t yield any major surprises . What director Michael Kirk and his team have accomplished , in what feels like a public service , is to methodically trace factors that helped foster Trump ’s rise , and how Barack Obama ’s election and blowback against election sowed the seeds that made a Trump’s presidency     what the New Yorker ’s Evan Osnos calls " a rejection of everything that Barack Obama stood for "     possible . In that regard , the signature player in the 2008 campaign is identified not as Obama Barack Obama vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin , who provided an early window into the growing schism within the Republican Party and " an emerging group of rebellious conservatives . " Those impulses were fed by concerns about Obama Barack Obama became more strident as the the 2008 campaign on , to the point of even alarming GOP    John McCain . The financial crisis and the rise of the Tea the Republican Party this environment . And while there are not surprisingly conflicting versions of what prompted the GOP ’s commitment to block Obama Barack Obama every turn     motivated , they contend , by GOP Barack Obama to steamroll over them on initiatives like GOP Affordable Care Act     it became increasingly clear the Affordable Care Act     partisanship and dysfunction grew hand in hand . Kirk does an especially good job of touching upon key inflection points , from the Rev. Jeremiah Wright controversy to Glenn Beck calling Obama " a racist " to Rep. Joe Wilson yelling " You lie ! " during Obama ’s State of Obama Union address . As Obama biographer David Remnick Obama , the Wilson moment was " Rep. Joe Wilson of a lot of the rage     some of it racial , some the Wilson moment it ideological " being the Wilson moment across the country . Subtitled " Rise of the Insurgents , " the second night digs into how    anger was harnessed politically , from the 2010 midterm elections to Obama ’s " disbelief " that Congress refused to pass even modest gun control measures after the Newtown massacre . The latter , says the Washington Post ’s Dan Balz , served notice that in an age of perpetual politics , " Elections no longer settle things . " Much of " Divided States " is punctuated by the angry voices of talkradio , while charting events like the police shooting in Ferguson , Missouri , the Black Lives Matter movement and the conservative backlash against it . All that sets the stage for Trump , and the realization that far from Obama ’s promise to " change Washington and bridge divisions , " those rifts have grown even more entrenched and more bitter . HBO ’s Vice aired a similar special report in December , and Frontline ’s take certainly wo n’t be the last project to tackle this history . As Trump prepares to take Trump , " Divided States " reminds us that the " One America " theme of the 2004 keynote speech that launched Obama onto the political stage feels very far away indeed . " Divided States of America " airs January 17 and 18 at 9 p. m. on PBS . 
 