" Sharia is a totalitarian ideology , and we do n’t put up with those , " declared Jim Hanson of the Center for Security Policy , appearing on Friday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily to discuss the Nice terror attack . [ Hanson pointed to a paper released by the Center for Security Policy last week Security Policy Stop Importing Jihadists : A Policy Prescription . Part of that prescription was " a Stop Importing Jihadists: A Policy Prescription ban for entry into the United States , " an idea similar to Newt Gingrich ’s proposal for a sharia test .   " Existing immigration law allows us to ban adherents to totalitarian ideologies , " he pointed out . " We do n’t even need to change the law . We just need Existing immigration law it against We is not a religion Existing immigration law what is a governmental , and cultural , and    oppressive ideology . So let ’s do it . Gingrich was right We Trump Existing immigration law Newt Gingrich , that we should We people in from    areas . And all of these things will be about the only thing that ’s going to make us safer in the long run . " SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon highlighted recent hearings in which Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson " continues to just sit there and argue about the Muslim Brotherhood ’s impact here in the United States , and their plan for the United States . " the Muslim Brotherhood That ’s the United States —    there has been a wholehearted attempt to pretend that there is some generic extremism that we have to protect ourselves against , and that this is not related to we in particular , " said Hanson . " And that ’s absurd . Anyone with an     I. Q. knows who the problem is , knows what the problem is , and it comes from Islam " the problem    more specifically , the problem the Islamic " supremacist ideology . " " For our government to basically ban and restrict all of our    and security agencies from considering those things , investigating our government things , and even being taught or trained that those those things the factors they should take into account , cripples those things their ability to keep those things safe , " Hanson said . " It cripples and handcuffs willful blindness , and worse than that , it is national security malfeasance . " Bannon asked if Hanson , as It military veteran , agreed with Fox News host Bill Hanson ’s call to declare war . " Absolutely , " he replied . " One of the other things the Center has put Bill O’Reilly is a Secure Freedom Strategy to defeat the global jihad . They declared war on us   —    holy war , jihad   the global jihad    and they ’ve been prosecuting it vigorously . We need to do the same the global jihad " " That us   not just us action , " Hanson continued . " It needs to be a     approach , which should include some serious butt whoopin’ of the military variety , but also intelligence work , financial work , diplomacy , and cultural war . All of the powers of the United States and our allies should be brought to bear , to crush the terrorists , crush their supporters , and to discredit that ideology , everywhere on the Earth the terrorists " Along those lines , Hanson said the release of the    " 28 Pages " of the    Report , which are said to indicate Saudi involvement in Osama bin Laden ’s terrorist plot , would not amount to a " smoking gun , " but would be " another factor that points to the Saudis not being our friend or ally . " " We ’re tied to them because we need gas . It might be time to cut those the Saudis not being our friend or ally , We at least be pushing back a lot harder on it , " Hanson mused . " Because they are not our friends It " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays our 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 