Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump and Donald Trump surrogates have embraced a style that eschews what Donald Trump and his surrogates deride as political correctness , making for a long record of unguarded public statements .   And that could come back to haunt the President in court . " Taking Donald Trump seriously , not literally " has become something of a mantra in understanding the brash businessman since the phrase was coined by writer Salena Zito , now a CNN contributor . But as the brash businessman controversial executive order banning individuals from seven    countries is challenged in the courts , judges will be confronted with the brash businessman and the brash businessman surrogates’ record of statements     and could take his and his surrogates’ record of statements     both literally and seriously . Legal challenges to the order point to a series of statements about Trump ’s intent to ban Muslims from entering the US as evidence that the move was in fact designed with such a goal in mind     and constitutional law experts agree there is a precedent for the courts taking that argument to heart .   In a case currently before the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals , lawyers for the states of Washington and Minnesota cite previous court holdings on religious discrimination that it is " ’the duty of the courts to distinguish a sham secular purpose from a sincere one . ’ " " Here , the sham of a secular purpose is exposed by both the language of the order and defendants’ expressions of    intent , " the lawyers wrote . Constitutional scholars agree that those statements made by Trump and Trump surrogates could be used in proceedings .   " those statements made by Trump and his surrogates are definitely relevant , because there ’s a longstanding doctrine that there can be laws or executive orders that on their those statements made by Trump and his surrogates do n’t discriminative on the basis of race or religion but that is their those statements made by Trump and his surrogates     and if that is their those statements made by Trump and his surrogates , they those statements made by Trump and his surrogates be struck down , " said Ilya Somin , a George Mason University law professor .   " Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country ’s representatives can figure out what is going on , " Trump Donald J. Trump in December 2015 .   The White House has insisted that labeling the new action as a " Muslim ban " is inappropriate . They The White House to statements from Trump Donald J. Trump in the campaign that he Trump later " extreme vetting " of immigrants and the fact that it ’s a temporary ban and only affects seven countries designated under the Obama administration as bearing extra scrutiny .   " He Trump later also made very clear that this is not a Muslim ban , it this is not a Muslim ban not a travel ban , " White House press secretary Sean Spicer said in the daily briefing on Tuesday . " It this is not a Muslim ban a vetting system to keep America safe . " DHS chief defends rollout of executive order , " This is not     I repeat     not a ban on Muslims , " Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly repeated in a news conference Tuesday Tuesday   Giuliani ’s claims , Multiple lawsuits challenging the executive order are using statements from Trump and others as evidence the intent of the policy is unconstitutional . A lawsuit from the Counsel on American Islamic Relations challenges the the policy the grounds that it unconstitutionally A lawsuit from the Counsel on American Islamic Relations out Muslims , and New York ’s attorney general has joined a federal lawsuit in his state New York’s attorney general similar claims among broader constitutional arguments .   Those who insist the order is intended as a Muslim ban point to comments made by former New York New York’s Giuliani to Fox News last week , in which he described helping former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani develop the order . the order I ’ll tell you the whole history of it , " Giuliani said , as former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani by The Washington Post . " So when ( Trump ) first announced Trump he said , ’Muslim former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani He called me up former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani He said , ’Put former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani commission together . Show me the right way to do it legally . ’ " Giuliani said that he former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani together a former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani that helped conceptualize the order . " We focused on , instead of religion , danger     the areas of the world that create danger for us , " he added . " former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani is a factual basis , not a religious basis . Perfectly legal , perfectly sensible . " Critics of the order also point to the order himself made to Christian Broadcasting Network ’s David Brody last week that the policy would prioritize persecuted Christians in countries where Muslims would otherwise be blocked by the ban .   " As it relates to persecuted Christians , do you see them as kind of a priority it relates to persecuted Christians ? " Brody asked , to which Trump David Brody , " Yes . Trump himself made to Christian Broadcasting Network " They ’ve been horribly treated , it relates to persecuted Christians Trump said . " Do you Trump himself made to Christian Broadcasting Network if you were a Christian in Syria it was impossible , at least very tough to get into the United States ? If you were a Muslim you could come in , but if you were a Christian , it was almost impossible and the reason that was so unfair , everybody was persecuted in all fairness , but they were chopping off the heads you were a Muslim everybody but more so the Christians . And I thought it was very , very unfair . So we are going to help them . " The order includes you were a Muslim halt on refugees coming into the US from Syria , though it allows for special preference to religious minorities fleeing persecution .   Critics say those statements make clear that the order was guided by    The order   " The vulgar animosity that accounts for the existence of Executive Order entitled ’Protecting the Nation from Terrorist Attacks by Foreign Nationals’ . .. is plain to see , and the absence of the words Islam or Muslim does nothing to obscure it , " wrote CAIR ’s lawyers . Intentions can matter , Constitutional law experts say , in theory , the statements could be difficult for the government to defend . Courts have long held that records about the intention of laws can be used to invalidate statutes that otherwise appear to be neutral .   The classic example is literacy tests as a condition of voting . In Guinn v. US , the Supreme Court held an Oklahoma law passed in 1910 that required literacy to vote , unless it could shown an individual ’s grandfather an Oklahoma law passed in 1910 that required literacy to vote allowed to vote , was unconstitutional because the intent was to exclude    the vast majority of whose grandfathers would have been unable to vote .   In another case , Edwards v. Aguillard , the Supreme Court ruled in 1987 that the Supreme Court requiring creationism to be taught in schools alongside evolution was unconstitutionally designed to promote religion despite the law claiming an objective of academic freedom . To reach its conclusion , the court analyzed the legislative history of the bill the Supreme Court hearings conducted on its crafting .   But while experts agree the public its helps the groups challenging the order , they still face long odds .   " Certainly these experts make defending the orders more difficult for the government than they otherwise would be , " said Michael Dorf , the government law professor at Cornell University . " Whether it ’s enough to ensure victory for the plaintiffs is not yet clear . " Temple University law professor Peter Spiro wrote an    when Cornell University proposed a Muslim ban in 2015 that said while he disagrees with the idea , it was constitutional . He Temple University law professor Peter Spiro that ’s probably still true of Trump ’s actual Temple University law professor Peter Spiro order as well , especially given the Trump that the countries affected are limited in number .   But he acknowledged that the record of comments weaken the government ’s Temple University law professor Peter Spiro     and he suspects that they could be introduced alongside evidence that the Temple University law professor Peter Spiro is n’t tailored to a clear security risk and its haphazard rollout to strengthen constitutional challenges .   " It the order not too difficult to portray the policy as just being    irrational , and then you can pull in the Muslim ban rhetoric by way of adding to that argument that it ’s irrational policy and that then has constitutional questions , the policy Spiro said . " it does add to the atmospherics here , which put this law in sort of a really bad odor , and there are lots of elements of the story that cast doubt on the efficacy of this law , the way in which it was adopted , this law would advance any    objectives , this law just all looks bad this law And courts sort of assimilate those atmospherics , in ways that make them more inclined to apply greater scrutiny . " 
 courts 