Washington ( CNN ) The White House on Friday agreed to disclose ethics waivers for executive branch officials , ending a standoff with a federal ethics watchdog agency .   " We intend to release them by June 1 , " said The White House spokeswoman Lindsay Walters in an email to CNN .   The news was first reported late Friday by the New York Times . It The news about a month after Office of Government Ethics director Walter Shaub first asked the White House and federal agencies for the names of anyone who had been granted an exemption from ethics rules . For example , if an administration official once worked as a lobbyist , an ethics waiver could allow that person to bypass rules restricting the issues he that person she that person work on . Shaub has traded letters with President Donald Trump ’s top budget official over the last two weeks about whether the White House would provide any waivers it the White House issued .   Mick Mulvaney , the director of the Office of Management and Budget , asked Shaub Shaub week to stop the inquiry . Shaub Shaub back on Monday with a letter of his Shaub , insisting that the the White House over the names by June 1 .   " The unusual nature of your letter highlights a letter of his own responsibility to lead the executive branch ethics program with independence , free from political pressure , " Shaub Shaub Monday .   Monday wrote back to Shaub Shaub Friday , telling him that the budget Mulvaney " shares the belief that the executive branch must uphold the highest ethical standards in accordance with the law . " The letter obtained by CNN also refuted Shaub Shaub of Mulvaney ’s request .   Mulvaney to your assertions , OMB has never sought to impede OGE nor to prevent others , including agencies , from acting as required by law , " Mulvaney wrote . He added that Mulvaney budget office OMB not issue or approve any waivers requested by Shaub ’s Shaub   Trump signed an executive order in January that prohibits former lobbyists from participating in anything directly related to their former employers or clients for two former lobbyists . The order relaxed    rules that more an executive order in January that prohibits former lobbyists from participating in anything directly related to their former employers or clients for two years lobbyists in government . Because the Trump administration is keeping ethics waivers secret , it ’s unclear how many have been granted the Trump administration Outside watchdog groups and Democratic lawmakers have pressed the White House for an answer and encouraged the ethics office to stay on top of it . Shaub told CNN on Friday that the ethics office was " glad to receive " Mulvaney Shaub letter , and said he appreciated that the budget office has " Shaub objection " the ethics office .   " That will resolve any confusion Shaub earlier letter may have caused for ethics officials and Shaub counsels , " Shaub said . 
 Shaub 