Philadelphia ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Wednesday called for eliminating the sequester on defense spending and increasing military spending to boost troop levels and the number of ships and aircraft . Donald Trump said in a speech to the Union League of Philadelphia that Donald Trump will ask Congress to reverse cuts to defense spending enacted under the 2013 budget sequester once Donald Trump takes office and submit a new budget to rebuild the US military , which Donald Trump described as unprepared to confront the threats the US faces . Donald Trump did not say whether the increase in military spending would match or exceed    funding levels , but a senior campaign aide said Donald Trump would most likely seek to boost defense spending to higher levels than when the sequester went into effect in 2013 after Congress failed to reach a new budget agreement , slashing both defense and domestic spending . Donald Trump did not outline how large the increase in military spending would be , but the a senior campaign aide eliminating the sequester would amount the sequester roughly $ 500 billion reinvestment over 10 years , which Donald Trump said Donald Trump would seek to " fully offset " through " common sense reforms that eliminate government waste and budget gimmicks . " " History shows that when America is not prepared is when the danger is greatest . We want to deter , avoid and prevent conflict through our unquestioned military dominance , We Donald Trump said as Donald Trump lamented the cuts to defense spending , which Donald Trump said is " on track to fall to its lowest level as a share of the economy . " The US spent more than $ 600 billion in defense spending in 2015 . Donald Trump also vowed to help offset the cost by seeking additional payments from countries where the U. S. has military bases , including Germany , Saudi Arabia and Japan . Donald Trump ’s call for eliminating the sequester cuts to defense spending sits in stark contrast to Donald Trump initial reaction to the sequester ’s     cuts , which Donald Trump downplayed weeks before they went into effect . the sequester’s     It ’s a very small percentage of the cuts that should be made . And I think , really , it ’s being " Donald Trump It Fox News in February 2013 . " Frankly , this is a very minor amount of the cuts that have to be made , ultimately , and a lot of people are saying that . " And while Donald Trump has consistently called for building out the US military , the real estate mogul said last fall that he would look to bolster the real estate mogul military while still spending " a lot less " than current defense spending levels . " I ’m gon na build a military that ’s gon na be much stronger than it is right now . It ’s gon na be it strong , nobody ’s gon na mess with us . But you know what ? We can do it for us lot less it " Trump said on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " last October . But Trump on Wednesday outlined    Trump to bolster the US military , mostly calling for increasing in spending to boost the elements of the military most useful in traditional warfare , not in confronting terrorism . The Republican nominee also called for increasing the number of ships and submarines and increasing the Air Force ’s fighter aircraft to 1 , 200 from 1 , 113 . Trump also stressed the need to bolster the US ’s missile defense systems , including modernizing Navy cruiser ships . " The    administration tried repeatedly to remove our cruisers from service , then refused to modernize these very old , aging , aging ships . They ’re old , they ’re The   administration , " Trump The   administration . Hillary Clinton , Trump ’s Democratic rival , also Trump on military spending in addition to the sequester ’s cuts to domestic spending . " Here ’s what we have to do     we ca n’t lose our military edge . That we giving the Pentagon we stable , predictable funding it needs to make smart investments , " she the Pentagon last week at the American Legion in Cincinnati . " We can not impose arbitrary limits on something as important as our military . That makes no sense at all We The sequester makes our country less secure . Let ’s end it and get a budget deal that supports America ’s military , our families and our country . And let ’s make reform a our country so that the Defense ’s spends its budget on the right things . " Trump also the Defense Department his vision of US foreign policy with Clinton ’s record Trump accusing her of being " trigger happy and very unstable " Clinton describing a Middle East that was more stable before her tenure as secretary of state . Clinton ’s campaign Clinton Trump ’s criticisms , likening him Clinton’s " schoolyard Trump . " " When Trump lays out a thoughtful speech outlining why he is Clinton to be commander in chief , he Trump her unhinged . She gives a speech on Trump disturbing Clinton of racial Clinton and ties to white Trump and the    movement , he calls her a bigot , " Clinton communications director Trump Palmieri Clinton in a statement Wednesday afternoon . " You could dismiss these actions as insecure schoolyard behavior but this man is running to be president of the United Trump " While Trump and his advisers have argued that Clinton did not learn from the mistakes Trump the Iraq War     Clinton which she voted as a senator     and drove the US into another Clinton by arguing in favor of military intervention in Libya , Trump supported both of those military interventions . Despite his words to Trump contrary on the campaign trail , Trump said Trump favored invading Iraq one month before Congress voted to Trump the Trump of military force and continued to praise the invasion in its first months . He also called on the US to intervene the invasion in Libya to Trump the worsening humanitarian situation in the country . The Trump campaign , in a statement Wednesday night Libya any flip Trump in the Republican nominee ’s position . " Mr. Trump has been consistent with the need to adequately fund our Trump military spending to ensure that America ’s national security is never compromised , " Trump Rapid Response Director Steven Cheung said . " Mr. Trump will ask Congress to fully eliminate the defense sequester and will Trump new budget to rebuild our military . As part of removing the defense sequester , Congress must fully offset the costs of increased military spending , the defense sequester government Congress and more responsive to the public . " 
 