Washington ( CNN ) Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell disagrees with President Donald Trump ’s call for a federal investigation of alleged voter fraud , saying any abuse would be best reviewed by individual states . Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell also split with President Donald Trump on repealing the sanctions on Russia placed in the waning weeks of the Obama administration . " I ’d be opposed to that , " Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said in an interview with National Journal that was released Friday .   " I think the first step is to encourage the Obama administration not to use any kind of waiver that may be in the existing law , " Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell added . " If there ’s any country in the world that does n’t deserve any kind of sanctions relief , it ’s the Russians . " Trump has indicated in the past he Trump open to lifting sanctions against Russia , though he Trump the possibility during a White House news conference on Friday , saying it was " too early " to discuss removing sanctions that were issued on Russia Russia his Trump , President Barack Obama . McConnell Trump previously claimed that some voter fraud does occur , though he Trump expressed skepticism about its frequency .   " I can just tell you that on the whole issue of election fraud , which our Democratic colleagues always argue is just a fiction , there are people literally in jail in Kentucky for this kind of activity . It does     it It occur , " McConnell told reporters on Capitol Hill Tuesday . " There are always arguments on both sides about how much , how frequent and all the rest . But most states have done a better job     most states have done a better job on this front . But the notion that election fraud is a fiction is not true . " But McConnell McConnell National Journal that he McConnell n’t agree with Trump ’s proposal , which includes an expansive federal look at what he McConnell is 3 to 5 million illegal votes cast in the 2016 election . Trump Trump not provided evidence to support his Trump . " I do n’t believe the federal government needs to look at this , " McConnell McConnell . " Our whole election system is   . There are a number of states who have been concerned about ballot security that have done something about it . " 
 