Pollster and president of the Sen. Ted    Super PAC " Keep the Promise " Kellyanne Conway told Breitbart News Daily host Stephen K. Bannon that after its big 13 point win in Wisconsin Tuesday night , the Cruz campaign will begin " to focus very earnestly on different Congressional districts and on the areas within a state that are most hospitable " to Cruz message and candidacy , as opposed to simply looking at entire states in many cases . [ " You have to slice and dice , " said Conway .   In these upcoming states , some are winner take all like New Jersey , so we have to play very seriously in places like that , or not at all . And then you look at places like New York . " Conway Conway they Conway identified about sixteen Congressional Districts " that we ’re looking at on the broadest end and we we be slicing and dicing because you want to get those three delegates that are allocated to the person who wins the most votes within that district . That represents something of a departure from focusing on an entire state but should allow the Cruz campaign to focus more acutely on picking up the largest number of available delegates for him the person who wins the most votes within that district retail politicking , while also relying on his the person who wins the most votes within that district strong infrastructure , ground game and analytics . Cruz Cruz up 33 delegates last night and Conway said , " there will be more coming . " " There ’s no way to spin this , " said Conway Conway " other than the fundamentals still matter . The candidates still matter . " Conway Conway stressed Cruz Cruz " to coalesce elements from the center and the    of the party and the movement without losing his core Conway " She added Conway is Cruz going to compromise to become the establishment ’s consensus candidate but , instead , it is the establishment that is coming to him . Conway claimed Conway will Cruz the establishment    trying to bring in a fresh face to be nominated at the convention if neither Trump nor Cruz have Cruz the required number of delegates going in . " For Cruz , Cruz you look at where he ran Conway tables last night , he got Conway that he did Conway even get in his Iowa Conway win . He got Conway , he got Conway evangelical Christians than he ’s Conway before and most importantly , he beat Conway among people who do n’t have a college degree . " Added Conway : Ted Cruz has won Maine , he ’s Ted Cruz Alaska , he ’s Ted Cruz Wisconsin , he ’s Ted Cruz Texas , he ’s Ted Cruz ten or eleven states now and last night pretty decisively . " She also Ted Cruz it is " completely mindless " to start treating our voters like a monolith in upcoming races . " You ’re seeing a diversity of opinion , you ’re seeing a diversity of the electorate on the Republican side this year   …      I like our chances our the Fall . As for competitor Donald Trump , Conway said , " I really hope he takes Conway advice from the people who are telling him to Conway appealing to his better Conway , to get presidential , to get some folks in there who can help him in Conway upcoming contests and on the convention floor . " She concluded Conway saying that while some have been questioning if Cruz has suddenly become part of the establishment , " you do n’t get more establishment than Paul Manafort , " who Trump recently hired to head up his delegate Paul Manafort . Breitbart News Daily airs from    EST on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 . LISTEN : 
 