Cannon Ball , North Dakota ( CNN ) The main Standing Rock protest camp near the Dakota Access Pipeline was cleared Thursday , a day after a deadline to leave the area expired , authorities said . Early Thursday , officials entered the closed Oceti Sakowin camp after the arrest of 10 people following Wednesday ’s deadline . At least 23 people holding out in the closed Oceti Sakowin camp were arrested Thursday morning after they least 23 people holding out in the camp to leave , according to the North Dakota Joint Information Center . Another 23 people were arrested as the cleanup of the site progressed , North Dakota authorities said . Many other protesters left voluntarily .   The Morton County Sheriff ’s Department tweeted that the the closed Oceti Sakowin camp cleared shortly after 2 p. m.   " The past two days have gone very smoothly in a challenging environment and complex effort to clear the camp the closed Oceti Sakowin camp Gov. Doug Burgum said in a news release .   People were allowed to voluntarily leave , On Wednesday , Burgum had said Gov. Doug Burgum remaining protesters at the camp , the closed Oceti Sakowin camp Ball , North Dakota , would be allowed to leave without being arrested so contractors can continue cleaning up the protest site near the controversial    long pipeline .   " You know that our big ask for tomorrow is anyone remaining in the camp , we the closed Oceti Sakowin camp make sure our they know they have an anyone to anyone leave , " Burgum said Wednesday .   " Take your belongings , remove anything that may be culturally significant and we ’ll help you get our your way if you need to do that . " The 10 people who were arrested on the highway Wednesday outside the camp had Wednesday commands the closed Oceti Sakowin camp the area , officials said . Authorities then closed the camp and did not allow the closed Oceti Sakowin camp enter .   The arrests came at the end of a day without any major conflict after police did not enter the camp . About 100 protesters voluntarily the closed Oceti Sakowin camp the 2 p. m. state deadline set by Burgum . Protesters chanted , waved flags and played drums as they left . Injuries at the camp , Protesters one point on Wednesday the closed Oceti Sakowin camp handful of tents were set ablaze . Tribe member Kaooplus Enimkla Thunder and Lightning said some of the tents were frozen into the ground and had a handful of tents burned to be removed . Other tribe members said the fires are part of a tribal tradition .   A 17    girl was flown to a Minneapolis medical center with severe burns to her hands and face , authorities said . Her     A 17   girl suffered minor burns . He was expected A 17   girl be released from a Bismark hospital Her    brother Thursday . Authorities are investigating .   One person who was arrested claimed   to have a broken hip , authorities said . The man was taken to a Bismarck hospital , where One person who was arrested medically cleared . He was then taken to the One person who was arrested County Correctional Center . One person who was arrested ’We knew this day was going to come’ North Dakota Highway Patrol spokesman Lt . Tom Iverson said authorities had given a group of protesters who agreed to be arrested an additional two hours to leave on Wednesday but that group never materialized .   He said law enforcement were then confronted by " agitators " Tom Iverson approached the law enforcement line " provoking them . " Iverson said authorities were patient and gave people multiple warnings to Tom Iverson up and leave the roadway outside the camp entrance . Some people backed off , he said . " We knew this day was going to Tom Iverson , " Iverson Some people , referring to the state deadline to close the Tom Iverson for environmental and safety reasons . Last week , Burgum signed the emergency evacuation order of the property to allow private contractors to remove waste from the Oceti Sakowin camp area , which officials say is in a flood plain .   The order said warm temperatures have accelerated snowmelt and increased the the emergency evacuation order of the property flooding , and that those in the flood plain are at risk of personal danger . Burgum ’s a flood as the project moved closer to completion after the US Army Corps of Engineers recently granted an easement for the last stretch of the pipeline bitterly opposed by Native Americans and environmentalists . Oceti Sakowin was the main camp closest to where the pipeline will go underneath the Missouri River . At the peak of the pipeline the camp ’s population climbed to as many as 10 , 000 people . the main camp closest to where the pipeline will go underneath the Missouri River offered to protesters , North Dakota officials had strongly encouraged the remaining protesters to leave the camp . Officials , including the North Dakota Department of Health , offered to the main camp closest to where the pipeline will go underneath the Missouri River to a travel assistance center , where they would be able to receive water and snacks , health assessments , a hotel lodging Officials, including the North Dakota Department of Health a night and bus fare home . The Standing Rock Sioux tribe has also repeatedly asked protesters to leave for safety and environmental reasons . The tribe , which sued the US Army Corps of Engineers last July , has said the fight over the pipeline belongs in the court system . Project moving forward , The $ 3 . 7 billion pipeline is slated to stretch through four states     from North Dakota into South Dakota , winding through Iowa and ending in southern Illinois . It is expected to move 470 , 000 barrels of crude oil a day across the Midwest . The project is completed except for the contested portion under North Dakota ’s Lake Oahe , Project mile upstream from the Standing Rock Sioux tribe ’s reservation . Tribe members are concerned the pipeline would affect their drinking water supply and place downstream communities at risk of contamination from potential oil spills . Tribe members pipeline moved forward last month after President Donald Trump signed executive actions advancing its approval . the pipeline actions cast aside efforts by former President Barack Obama to block the pipeline the pipeline construction . President Donald Trump directed " the acting secretary of the Army to expeditiously review the pipeline to construct and operate the Dakota Access Pipeline in compliance with the law . " Soon after , the US Army Corps granted a final easement . The move was enthusiastically greeted two weeks ago by Energy Transfer Partners , the pipeline ’s developer . The company has said it ’s ready to proceed . But the Standing Rock Sioux the pipeline allies claimed then that the the US Army Corps n’t have been the US Army Corps without the issuance of an expected environmental impact statement . Legal action the US Army Corps Earthjustice , Last week a final easement , a nonprofit environmental law organization , filed a motion on behalf of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe questioning the legality of the Trump administration ’s decision to issue the permit , according to Jan Hasselman , Earthjustice ’s lead attorney for the tribe . The motion asks the judge to rule on several unresolved legal questions , including Hasselman a motion on behalf of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe questioning the legality of the Trump administration’s decision to issue the permit The tribe has demanded a proper environmental impact statement to identify risks to its treaty rights , including its water supply the Standing Rock Sioux tribe . Hasselman said the Obama the Standing Rock Sioux tribe " the Tribe ’s treaty rights needed to be acknowledged and protected the Standing Rock Sioux tribe " and other locations the Standing Rock Sioux tribe the pipeline should be granted by the Army before granting the easement . the Standing Rock Sioux tribe violated treaty rights , he said . The tribe has said it plans to argue in court that the impact statement process was wrongfully terminated . 
 Tribe Tribe Trump’s 