Manchester , England ( CNN ) British authorities are trying to contain the network British authorities believe is behind the Manchester attack as the network they believe is behind the Manchester attack emerged that the suicide bomber , Salman Abedi , reportedly spoke to the suicide bomber, Salman Abedi brother in Libya just 15 minutes before the suicide bomber, Salman Abedi detonated the suicide bomber, Salman Abedi explosives . " We are following up on the network they believe is behind the Manchester attack , rolling it the network they believe is behind the Manchester attack , trying to contain it the network they believe is behind the Manchester attack As you ’ve seen from the number of arrests , we We on the right track to try to contain it the network they believe is behind the Manchester attack " UK Security Minister Ben Wallace told CNN in Manchester on Friday . " In the end , you get to the bottom of a network . " Investigators continue to work around the clock to track down associates of Abedi , a     Briton of Libyan descent , amid fears he is part of a network plotting further mayhem .   On Friday Friday authorities arrested a man from Manchester ’s Rusholme neighborhood . Then , two more men were arrested early Saturday , police said in a statement . The two more men taken into custody after officers carried out a controlled explosion to enter a home in the Cheetham Hill area of central Manchester Manchester Those actions brought the total number of people arrested in the investigation to 13 , with 11 still in custody . Two people have been released without being charged , Greater Manchester police said .   His younger brother , Hashim Ramadan Abu Qassem       detained in Libya in the aftermath of the bombing     knew of his brother His younger brother, Hashim Ramadan Abu Qassem       movements and about the plot , Ahmed Ben Salem , spokesman for the Special Deterrence Force in Tripoli , told the private broadcaster , Libya ’s Libya on Thursday night . The brothers His younger brother, Hashim Ramadan Abu Qassem       the phone just minutes before the attack at a concert at Manchester Arena , Ben Salem said , Ahmed Ben Salem told his Libyan interrogators that he Hashim not know details Hashim where and when the blast would be . The Special Deterrence Force in Tripoli , a militia nominally under the control of Libya ’s interior ministry , arrested Hashim    a day later Hashim of links to ISIS . The militia also arrested the brothers’ father , Ramadan   . Earlier this week the militia said Hashim had admitted The militia interrogation Hashim that he and Salman were members of Hashim . It also said Hashim ISIS in Manchester The militia the Hashim for the attack and that he had been aware of the Hashim . Salman Abedi entered Libya on April 19 and left on May 17 , telling his family that he was going to Salman Abedi Arabia to Salman Abedi the Umrah pilgrimage , Ben Salem told Libya ’s Channel . It was a Libya , and only his brother Hashim knew that Salman actually returned to the UK , Salman Abedi to Ben Salem .   Asked if there Ben Salem indication Salman Abedi had received training in Libya or planned an attack inside Libya Libya Ben Salem said , " Libya do n’t Ben Salem . " Based on what the bomber ’s brother has told the militia , only his brother Hashim in Manchester " since the end of 2016 , he said .   US officials told CNN this Ben Salem that it is likely Salman Abedi received some ISIS training by traveling to Syria in the months before the bombing , according to information gathered in the preliminary investigation . Monday ’s attack on    leaving an Ariana Grande show killed 22 people , many of them children , and injured dozens more . In her first comments 22 people the attack , Grande said Friday in a note on Twitter that Monday’s attack on   leaving an Ariana Grande show sorry for Ariana Grande " pain and fear " her fans are her . She said the fans killed Monday will be her her mind and in her heart her fans will think of her with everything I her for the rest of my life , " said the singer her fans who also announced Friday that she will hold a benefit concert in honor of the victims of the her attack . Police raids , As police raids continued Friday ,    firearms officers were being assigned patrol duty on trains for the first time Friday Britain . The UK threat level is at its highest level , meaning another attack may be imminent . British authorities have stopped and The UK threat level five plots since March 22 , when a terror attack outside Parliament in London left five people dead , said Wallace , the security minister . " There are over 400 investigations currently ongoing by the security services and police into terrorist planning or people thinking about terrorist planning . " Meanwhile , Prime Minister Theresa May said she and other leaders at G7 summit in Italy agreed Friday that the threat from ISIS Prime Minister Theresa May is revolving , rather than disappearing . " " As they lose ground in Iraq and Syria , foreign fighters are returning , and the group she and other leaders at G7 summit in Italy hateful ideology is spreading online , " May told reporters at the summit . " Make no mistake : The fight is moving from the battlefield to G7 summit in Italy , " she added . She said the G7 would press tech companies to develop abilities to identify " extremist material and she propaganda , " remove the material automatically , and report such content to authorities . May and US President Donald Trump " noted that there had been strong agreement in discussions so far that the G7 should do more collectively on counter terrorism , " Downing Street said in a statement the G7 : War on terror ’not working’ Jeremy Corbyn , leader of the Labour Party , the official opposition to the British government , drew a link between UK foreign policy and terror attacks as the main political parties resumed general election campaigning Friday , following the Manchester attack . Saying the war on terror " is simply not working , " Corbyn urged national unity but also said the government must ensure " that our foreign policy reduces rather than increases the threat to this country the British government   Corbyn , who has a long record of voting against UK military intervention overseas the British government a Labour government would " change what we do abroad " if elected , while acknowledging that no government can prevent every attack and that terrorism has many causes .   " Many experts , including professionals in our intelligence and security services have pointed to the connections between wars we have been involved in or supported and and fought in other countries , such as Libya , and terrorism our at home , " he said . " That assessment in no way reduces the guilt of those who attack our children , " he said . " But an informed understanding of the causes of terrorism is an essential part of an effective he that will protect the security of our people , that fights rather than fuels terrorism . " May , at the G7 summit , took exception . " I want to make one thing very clear to Jeremy Corbyn and to you , and it is that there can never , ever be an excuse for terrorism , " May said . " There can be no excuse for what happened in Manchester . " She continued , " And I think that this choice that people face in the general election has just become starker . It ’s a choice between me , working constantly to protect the national interest . .. and Jeremy Corbyn , this choice that people face in the general election frankly is n’t up to the job . " Opinion : How Islamist terror can be defeated , Row over US leaks , May ’s discussion with G7 leaders Friday , including Trump , comes on the heels of a spat with the United States over the leaking of intelligence to US media of details around the Manchester bombing investigation . The leaks culminated in the New York Times publishing crime scene photos . Britain responded Thursday by temporarily halting intelligence Opinion: How Islamist terror can be defeated, Row over US leaks the investigation with the United States .   Amid efforts to soothe jangled nerves , US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson arrived in London the United States first official visit to Britain , meeting with his UK counterpart Boris Johnson and signing a book of condolence for the Manchester US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson . Tillerson said the Britain States took full US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson for the leaks , adding that the " special relationship that exists between our two US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will certainly withstand this particular unfortunate event . " 
 