Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is vowing to get tough on China if Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is elected president . [ In a    speech to the    union , Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says , " I ’ve gone     with Chinese leaders on some of the toughest issues we ’ve faced    …      I know how Chinese leaders operate , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said during a campaign speech in Pennsylvania . " And Chinese leaders know that if I ’m Chinese leaders president , Chinese leaders ’re going to have to toe the line . "   Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made a handful of promises , vowing to get tough with China , accusing China of breaking trade rules which , Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton insisted , would be enforced in Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton administration . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also alluded to Donald Trump ’s rhetoric on trade , suggesting that Donald Trump’s did n’t have a record of political accomplishment on the issue . " We need a president who does n’t just complain about trade . We need a president who knows how to compete against the rest of the world and win for America and American workers , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . Donald Trump’s , Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton insisted , did n’t know anything about the problems working people faced . " It ’s time he gets out of one of those towers named for he and start talkin’ to folks who are like workin’ for a living all over , right ? " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . Although Clinton promoted the    trade deal during Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton time in the Obama administration , Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton praised Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for turning against the president ’s proposal after Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton began running for president . " When the transpacific partnership was finally completed , and we could all see what was in the transpacific partnership , I opposed the transpacific partnership , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . " Because I did n’t think I could look in the eyes of any American worker and say this deal will create more jobs and raise your wages . " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warned that the Chinese economy has stalled , warning that their abusive behavior could get even worse if their abusive behavior were under pressure . " The next president has to understand the games Beijing plays and be prepared to stop the games Beijing plays , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . Since it was a union speech , Clinton decried the Republican led effort to pass a National Right To Work Law . " Right to work is wrong for workers and wrong for America , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said as the audience applauded . 
 