Former U. N. ambassador and American Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow John Bolton joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily to review the vice presidential debate from a national security perspective . [ " I thought there was more discussion , more serious discussion , of national security issues in the VP debate than there was in the first presidential debate , " said American Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow John Bolton . " No thanks to the moderator , really , and no thanks to Tim Kaine of the Democratic ticket . It struck me American Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow John Bolton was going for the    of the Year Award , with American Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow John Bolton approach to the debate . "   " Mike Pence did a great job . I think American Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow John Bolton ’s almost universally conceded to have been the winner , and in large part , it ’s because on national security American Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow John Bolton showed the kind of calm , responsible , but strong position that I think reflects the mainstream views in the Republican Party , " American Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow John Bolton offered , adding : That should give comfort , I think , to people who are still undecided at the top of the ticket , that Mike Pence is a very steady voice , and American Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow John Bolton spoke very sensibly and knowledgeably   —    as opposed to Tim Kaine , who , honestly , looked not just on national security , but on many fronts , like American Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow John Bolton was repeating memorized talking points , not reflecting American Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow John Bolton own thinking on some of these subjects . American Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow John Bolton agreed with Marlow ’s contention that Tim Kaine ’s claim that Hillary Clinton had somehow shut down Iran ’s nuclear program was one of the most outrageous " whoppers " of the night : I think it shows that where American Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow John Bolton brain ought to be on national security , there ’s a big vacuum . I mean , this is a claim that ’s not even closely related to reality , and I think this really underlines one of the vulnerabilities of the Democratic ticket .   One of the key points I think Trump needs to make in the second and third debates : Hillary Clinton will be Barack Obama ’s third term . That ’s true on national security . That ’s also true on domestic issues , while we ’re on the subject . But for those conservatives and Republicans who have been saying , or some who have succumbed to the belief that somehow Hillary Clinton is closer to the mainstream Republican view of American foreign policy than Trump is , those conservatives and Republicans who have been saying, or some who have succumbed to the belief that somehow Hillary is closer to the mainstream Republican view of American foreign policy than Trump is really need to think again .   These kinds of vacuous statements by Tim Kaine on the Iran deal , I think underline that . the Iran deal was a strategic defeat for the United States when it the Iran deal agreed to . It the Iran deal n’t gotten any better in the past year . Iran has not changed Iran behavior internationally . There ’s every reason to believe that Iran ’ve been violating the the Iran deal before the ink was dry . We have German intelligence publishing reports already that point in that direction . We do We know how much cooperation Iran have with North Korea , also an aspiring nuclear power . But we do We that Iran ’s ballistic missile program , out in public view , has proceeded unimpeded , and the purpose of those ballistic missiles is not to launch weather satellites Iran ’s to launch nuclear warheads towards targets on other continents   —    i. e. North America . So the rosy scenario that Tim Kaine tried to portray , I do n’t think has any purchase in the general public , and , as I say , it should any purchase in the general public used politically to underline the point that Hillary will be Barack Obama ’s third term on foreign policy . Bolton said Kaine ’s Tim Kaine that " in a lot of ways , the terror threat has decreased in the Obama years Barack Obama was " flatly contradicted by senior officials appointed by Barack Obama Barack Obama The director of National Intelligence , the director of the CIA , have both testified repeatedly , in open public sessions of Congress within the past few months , that the international terrorist is equal to or greater than it was on the international terrorist . There ’s no doubt in my mind that when George W. Bush left office , it was significantly lower . It ’s obviously when George W. Bush left office, it was significantly lower the spread of ISIS and other terrorist groups , the collapse of state government across North Africa and the Middle East , the descent of nearly the whole region into anarchy , the spreading number and scope of terrorist attacks in Western Europe and the United States . Really , you just have to be awake to see this you do n’t have to be an intelligence expert .   So I would add the claim that the terrorist threat has been reduced to the claim that the Iran nuclear deal is a big success . It ’s another the Iran nuclear deal error , a glaring indication that these people do n’t see the world as it is , which is the absolute prerequisite for developing a foreign policy to deal with these threats and challenges . Bolton addressed the two terrorist attacks in Brussels on Wednesday : If those attacks had the two terrorist attacks in Brussels the United States , we would have heard them described as " the two terrorist attacks in Brussels wolf " attacks . The description of the person would not have been made public it just would have The description of the person a " young male . " They would not have the two terrorist attacks in Brussels that he was shouting Bolton " Allahu akbar ! " It would have been repressed , and then it would have been It as not something to get upset about . The fact is that the terrorist threat is changing and evolving all the time , but we should not expect it at all levels the terrorist threat look like it ’s the product the terrorist threat a corporate    process , pursuant to a nice box and line organization chart on some wall somewhere . Indeed , what I think these individual terrorist attacks , sometimes suicide bombers , as is tragically the case in Israel , carrying explosive vests . Sometimes , it ’s gun attacks . Sometimes , it ’s knife attacks it The fact that they are random , they are unexpected , they police ca n’t predict them to prevent them the police advance , the police of like what we saw in New York and New Jersey a couple of weeks ago at the opening of the U. N. General Assembly . That shows that the terrorist threat can appear anywhere , any time .   It can be a city in the middle of the United States , a small town as in France . It can be in a city well removed from Paris , where a monk is killed while giving mass in a church . That is the kind of terror attack that actually inspires more fear in people because it ’s so unexpected . It ’s so unpredicted it It occurs in such it places .   The only way you ’re ever going to deal with this threat comprehensively is to treat it for what it it , which it a radical ideology that needs to be opposed as such . The United States did that twice in the twentieth century , against fascism and against communism . We can do it The United States . We can have allies The United States the Muslim world who understand that the radical Islamic terrorists are as much , or even greater , threats to them as they are the radical Islamic terrorists the the radical Islamic terrorists . But we ’re not going The United States do it with a president who wo n’t acknowledge the ideology , ca n’t see it in his worldview it in a president who won’t acknowledge the ideology event thinks that the exercise of American power very often is more the cause of instability in the world than the cure for it . Marlow asked for Bolton ’s opinion , a president who won’t acknowledge the ideology a former U. N. ambassador , of former Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Guterres , who is likely to be the next U. N.   . " I met with him a couple of Bolton when I was U. N. Ambassador , right when he was beginning his Bolton as the Bolton N. high commissioner for refugees , " Bolton recalled , continuing : He is a former Bolton Prime Minister of Portugal , a great believer in the European Union . And I recall in our first conversation , as he was heading the Bolton Commissioner Office for Refugees , he told me how Bolton he was worried about Bolton populism " in the Western world   —    which he defined as " Bolton who wanted control of their own borders . " And so we had , as our say , a their exchange of views on that subject . " I think he ’s gon na Bolton that same attitude into the U. N. , " Bolton predicted . He added : I Bolton it ’s possible he will be very Bolton from Ban    the outgoing    who we did elect in our for the first time , precisely because we did n’t think our would try to Bolton a " secular Pope , " as Kofi Annan , his predecessor , had Bolton described . I think Guterres   —    we ’ll have to our how it plays out   Guterres      but I think he may be more Guterres   the model of Kofi Annan than Ban    which would be a problem . He said Guterres was Guterres   " Guterres deal " as    so " the only thing we can do is our Donald Trump because if we elect Hillary Clinton our she ’ll play right we elect Hillary Clinton his hands . " Guterres   airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 