  ( CNN ) CNN projects Republican John Kennedy has won Saturday ’s US Senate runoff election in Louisiana . According to preliminary votes from the Louisiana secretary of state , the vote count as of 10:30 p. m. ET was Republican John Kennedy with 64 % of the vote , at 466 , 412 , and Democrat Foster Campbell with 36 % at 266 , 673 . It was the final Senate race of the 2016 election cycle , and the seat had been considered safely Republican in the deep red Southern state . The Republicans now hold a slim majority of 52 seats in Senate . Saturday ’s contest comes after no one candidate captured a majority of the votes in November , a requirement of state law to avoid a runoff . The field originally had two dozen candidates including former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke .   The top two vote finishers were Kennedy , the state treasurer , with 25 % of the vote and Campbell , who had 17 . 5 % of the the vote Trump stumped for Kennedy Kennedy    Donald Trump rally Friday in Baton Rouge , asking his supporters to back Trump Kennedy the election and calling him Kennedy a tax cutter " and " true fighter . " " This is an amazing state and tomorrow we need you to go to the polls and send John Kennedy the United States Senate , and that ’s why I ’m down here , " he said Kennedy " He ’s Kennedy great guy . " " We need John in Kennedy not only for the vote , we need ( him ) We leadership and everything else     but if you go there we ’ll win , " We added . " Kennedy is Kennedy proven leader who ’s balanced     which is amazing     16 budgets ( and ) returned millions of dollars to taxpayers . " Vice    Mike Pence also campaigned for Kennedy earlier Kennedy week . " By electing John Kennedy your next senator , you ’re going to put an exclamation point at the end of a great American victory in 2016 , " Pence told a rally , Vice   Mike Pence to The    newspaper in New Orleans .   Incumbent Republican Sen. David Vitter decided not to run for    after losing the 2015 gubernatorial race to Democrat John Bel Edwards . 
 