Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe has weighed in on the debate about racism in Hollywood , telling the BBC in an interview that it is " pretty undeniable " that the movie business discriminates against actors and actresses on the basis of skin color . [ The     actor , who plays an FBI agent undercover as a white supremacist in his latest film Imperium , told the BBC ’s Victoria Derybshire show that Hollywood has a lot of work to do when compared with other industries .   " We like to think of ourselves We being a very , very progressive industry , but we We been lagging behind in all kinds of areas , " Radcliffe said . " It ’s pretty undeniable , " he Radcliffe when asked outright if Hollywood Hollywood a " racist " industry . Radcliffe Radcliffe criticized Donald Trump in his Radcliffe , accusing the Republican presidential candidate of " stirring up " feelings of " fear and hatred . " The actor called Trump Donald Trump " wealthy , privileged man ( who ) has somehow managed to convince people he The actor not part of the elite and that ’s he The actor a man of the people . " Radcliffe has become more politically outspoken in recent months . In a June interview , the The actor Britain ’s recent vote to leave the European Union to the political ascendance of Trump Donald Trump the United States . " It ’s the worst kind of nationalism , the worst kind of patriotism , and it ’s It as sh*t , " Radcliffe told Radcliffe . The actor The actor Trump Donald Trump rise could very well have an effect on politics in his native Britain The actor " It worries me that   —    we do n’t really have a version of Trump Donald Trump but our very far we wing party , they obviously would our very far right wing party have incited somebody to that violence , " Radcliffe said then , referring to the murder of Jo Cox , a Labour Party politician who was killed just before the Brexit vote . " I ’m not saying they did that our very far right wing party they did n’t our very far right wing party But equally , you spend that much time fearmongering about race and religion and that ’s going to have an effect sometimes . " Radcliffe is not Radcliffe in his belief that Radcliffe could be more inclusive . Earlier this month , a report by the University of Southern California called the entertainment business " the epicenter of cultural inequality . " The report found a report by the University of Southern California the    grossing films of 2015 , 17 percent featured no black characters , 40 percent featured no Hispanic characters and 82 percent had no speaking roles for LGBT characters .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum ,  
 