  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton is back . Of course , Hillary Clinton is back . I am convinced she Hillary Clinton run for the presidency as many times as it takes to win     even if she Hillary Clinton still being wheeled through the streets of Iowa at 108 , kept alive by robotics and a refusal to surrender . She Hillary Clinton to Georgetown University on Friday to give a speech to some fans , and delivered a stinging attack on Donald Trump ’s budget . Clinton is great at attacking others , dreadful at selling herself Clinton This is a presidential candidate who was beaten first by a man who they said could n’t win     because he a man who they said couldn’t win     black     and then by a man who they they should n’t win     because he a man who they said couldn’t win     Donald Trump .   And even though the shock of Trump Donald Trump’s election victory is receding as we become more involved in just how bad he a man who they said couldn’t win     at governing , for Clinton it will never ebb as the most stunning rebuke possible . Hillary Clinton beaten by Donald Donald Trump’s That is like losing the Oscar for best picture to " Police Academy VI . " After that kind of humiliation , most people would quit politics and go live in a cabin . Not Hillary . She Clinton Clinton to Clinton who she is . This is Clinton of politicians . To succeed in this game you need to be sensitive enough to need to be loved but shallow enough to weather the hate . Trump is an extreme version of this . He appears to feel criticism Trump and yet he also invites it . Trump it ’s better to be it about horribly than not at all .   A few presidents and presidential candidates have walked away from the office into the sunset , but most try to find a second life . Nixon was rarely out of the public eye . Bill Clinton started a foundation and amassed a fortune in speaker ’s fees . Bob Dole did an ad for Viagra .   And , really , what ’s wrong with this ? Like Hillary , these statesmen all have experience to share , wisdom to impart . As the country sails into uncertain waters under Captain Trump , does n’t it make sense to stop and listen to the views of Hillary Clinton     an intellectually Hillary secretary of state , no less ? No . In this instance , no . And the reason is quite simply that it ’s too soon . Too soon since Hillary Clinton lost the election and Hillary White House to Trump     because , regardless of what Captain Trump might have had , 2016 was ultimately Captain Trump election for the Democrats to lose . I have no doubt that almost any other candidate could have beaten Trump . Bernie Sanders , Joe Biden , Captain Trump Baldwin , Big Bird . It turns out that the one candidate who could lose was Hillary . Yet she insisted on running . Insisted that the Hillary machine back her . Insisted on mounting a grimly negative campaign against her opponent that most probably backfired . Now Hillary has reportedly signed back on with the Hillary ’s bureau that handled her richly compensated appearances before the election . Hillary My question is : Why would anyone pay to see a speech given by her ? ! It would be as perverse Hillary paying Trump to give a lecture on university governance . There is a    role for Clinton , but it can not be just yet . Her party needs a period in which to Clinton from her memory     to rebuild , find new Clinton , reestablish its identity and delink itself from the entire Her party philosophy .   its identity might go the Clinton of championing clean Clinton or could pick up the mantle of class war , for it ca n’t be long before Trump ’s voters notice that his proposed tax cuts are so generous to Trump rich . Whatever the Democrats look like in the future , Hillary Clinton can not be permitted to capture Clinton and distract the press . America needs to move on . She needs to pause and reflect . 
 Clinton 