The U. S. could resettle nearly one million immigrants from the Muslim world under one term of a Hillary Clinton presidency , according to projections from Center for Immigration Studies’ Steve Camarota . [ Immigration Studies’ Steve Camarota explained that this large expansion in Muslim migration would be part of a massive increase in overall immigration , which The U. S. could experience under a President Hillary Clinton . Camarota noted Immigration Studies’ Steve Camarota Clinton could Hillary Clinton add as many as 10 million new immigrants to the U. The U. S. first term alone Hillary Clinton on top of the millions of illegal immigrants to whom she would grant immediate Hillary Clinton .   Camarota ’s analysis is Immigration Studies’ Steve Camarota recent data from the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) and the Census Bureau . According to the most recent DHS available data , nearly DHS , 000 immigrants from the Muslim world permanently resettled in the U. S. in 2014 . He explained : Absent the Secretary Clinton of change in policy that Donald Trump is talking about , it seems likely under the existing system that 600 , 000 new immigrants from the Muslim world settle in the Muslim world in the next four years . On top of that , Secretary Clinton has indicated that she would like to take in 65 Secretary Clinton 000 refugees from Syria next year . If that were to be repeated for the four years of her presidency , it would be an Secretary Clinton of roughly 215 , 000 immigrants from the Muslim world annually . So that the total number of immigrants from the Muslim world that might arrive in the Muslim world is about 860 , 000 if Secretary Clinton were elected President . " While Clinton has not spelled out her long term plans Secretary Clinton how many Syrian refugees Secretary Clinton would take into the country , the number Secretary Clinton could come from that country is certainly enormous , " Camarota added the country the same policies were followed in Clinton ’s second term , roughly 1 . 7 Secretary Clinton from the Muslim world could potentially arrive during two terms of a Clinton presidency . Camarota explained that these figures are just Secretary Clinton of the larger Camarota expansion that would take place under a President Clinton , who could potentially add as many as 10 million new immigrants to the country —    not including the millions of illegals to whom Clinton would grant amnesty . " Census data shows that Secretary Clinton year the U. S. adds 1 . 5 million legal and illegal new arrivals . If a President Clinton were to add 65 , 000 Syrian arrivals on top of that number , then you could potentially see more than 6 million new immigrants added during her first term alone , " Camarota explained . " Further a President Clinton if Hillary Clinton were able to pass a bill that were similar a President Clinton    bill , then it would likely add another one million legal immigrants on top of the   bill figure annually , " Camarota said —   pointing specifically to previous analysis Camarota conducted on Camarota    Gang of Eight bill , which demonstrated Camarota the plan would have doubled legal immigration . This means that Clinton could add 10 million new immigrants to the U. S. during a President Clinton first term alone —    in addition to the 11 million a President Clinton immigrants Clinton has said she plans to amnesty within her first 100 days a President Clinton office . a President Clinton While there are some a President Clinton in making projections of these kinds , that does seem to be what would happen , " Camarota said . Today about nine out of every 10 new immigrants brought into the country on green cards come from    countries in Latin America , Africa , Asia , or the Middle East . The current record level of immigration into the U. S. is the result of a 1965 immigration rewrite championed by Ted Kennedy , which lifted the immigration curbs enacted by President Calvin Coolidge and opened up American visas to the entire world . In 1970 , fewer than one in 21 Americans were   . Today , as a result of the federal government ’s     green card gusher , nearly one in seven U. S. residents was born in a foreign country . As Pew reported last September , " Fifty years after passage of the landmark law that rewrote U. S. immigration policy , nearly 59 million immigrants have arrived in the United States , pushing the country ’s    share to a near record 14 %   the United States Immigration since 1965 has swelled the nation ’s    population from 9 . 6 million then to a the United States million in 2015   …      the U. S. has —   by far —   the world U. S. population , holding about     of the world ’s immigrants . " As Camarota ’s projections demonstrate , under a President Clinton , the U. S.    population would grow to reach peaks never before experienced in U. S. On Thursday , Clinton delivered a speech in which she suggested that opposition U. S. federal policy of    immigration is a " a President Clinton " position motivated by racism a President Clinton However , polling data seems to undermine her argument . According to Pew , 92 % of the GOP electorate —    and 83 % of the a President Clinton electorate overall —    would like to see immigration levels frozen or reduced . Nearly six in ten African American voters —    and a majority of Hispanics voters ( 53 % ) —    said immigration into the U. S. is " too high . " The data has led Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions to conclude that " It is not mainstream , but extreme , to continue surging immigration beyond all historical precedent . And it is The data rational , but radical , to refuse to recognize limits . " " Hillary Clinton has embraced a radical and extreme open borders agenda that , properly exposed , will make her " Sessions has said . 
 Hillary Clinton 