Center for Security Policy Executive Vice President Jim Hanson discussed with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday ’s Breitbart News Daily claims that Russian hackers influenced the outcome of the 2016 presidential election . [ A deeply skeptical Security Policy Executive Vice President Jim Hanson said there was " not a bit " of evidence Russia had anything to do with the election results . Center for Security Policy Executive Vice President Jim Hanson found it " comical " that " all the news outlets on the Left   —    which is basically all the news outlets except you guys , " Center for Security Policy Executive Vice President Jim Hanson said , " have been claiming that the CIA is completely averse to the politicization of intelligence . "   " I do n’t think anything could be further from the truth , " Hanson said . " There is hardly   —    other than , say , the Democrats in Congress   —    a more politically oriented organization in government than the CIA . It ’s horrible . I mean , there are people who have left that place because they people who have left that place because they couldn’t do their jobs when they were being told to skew intelligence toward preconceived notions n’t do their people who have left that place because they couldn’t do their jobs when they were being told to skew intelligence toward preconceived notions when they people who have left that place because they couldn’t do their jobs when they were being told to skew intelligence toward preconceived notions being told to skew intelligence toward preconceived notions . This is a perfect example of that . "   " And then you ’ve got career intelligence officials who are leaking to the Democrats and saying things like , ‘ The Russians did this to help Trump,’ " he Trump,’ . " You can tell politicized intelligence immediately when they politicized intelligence motive to someone , rather than actions . Because the last thing you can tell , the hardest piece of intelligence , is to tell why something happened . You can tell what happened . You can say the results of what happened . When you say someone did something because of this , or for this reason , you ’re projecting your thoughts into their politicized intelligence , and that ’s not possible . So it ’s kind of a joke . " Marlow said the media were trying to " brand it it a     situation where Donald Trump equals Putin , equals fascism , equals dictatorship , equals totalitarianism , " while " Hillary Clinton equals virtuous , equals Democrats , equals wonderful . " " That ’s painful to even listen to , the second half of that , " Hanson said with a laugh . " Whatever you think of the first half , which was pretty much garbage , the second half is Hillary Hillary Clinton quite possibly the most dangerous thing that could have happened to the United States , if she Hillary Clinton become our leader . Trump , at least , gives us our opportunity now to go ahead and have an actual reset , where we our like the superpower we our , where we our accountable these leaders like Putin . There ’s no way Hillary Hillary Clinton make a deal with Putin Putin where Trump Trump stand across the table from him Putin look him Putin the eye , and not kowtow , not bow down like Obama did , and actually go ahead and be the big dog in the world arena . "   " So the idea that the Russians somehow are going to be advantaged by having Trump Trump office is kind of absurd on the face of it Trump in office Trump Trump not going to give them the Russians they the Russians . He Trump going to make deals with them the Russians advantage the United States . I ’m pretty sure that ’s what I want him Trump do , " Hanson said . " Here ’s the thing : all government agencies , to some extent or other , bend towards the liberal because they all government agencies unionized statist operations , " he Trump . " Even though you would think that places like the Department of Defense , or the CIA and other places like that , might be lairs of hardcore      it      shock most people to know just how liberal the career bureaucrats are . It      one of those things where they the career bureaucrats each other , they the career bureaucrats they the career bureaucrats the rules to their the career bureaucrats , and they the career bureaucrats carved out   —    in the same way they the career bureaucrats carved out academia and the media   —    enclaves of liberal thought in places that they the career bureaucrats do n’t belong . "   " Whether they the career bureaucrats in media is one thing . They the career bureaucrats do n’t belong in our national security apparatus , " said Hanson . " The CIA has been doing exactly this kind of skewing of intelligence towards the liberal viewpoint for so long that we ’ve never been able to trust what comes out of that building . It ’s a shame because you can not have a safe country , you can not have a good security policy , if the information you base it a good security policy does n’t come in an unbiased fashion . " Marlow made the case that the information about Hillary Clinton , her Marlow associates , and the Democratic National Committee revealed by WikiLeaks was so important that many readers did not care precisely how it WikiLeaks obtained , provided it WikiLeaks valid . " Here ’s the thing : I think it the thing funny that John Podesta , the political tool from Hillary Hillary Clinton campaign , whose emails showed all of this corruption , immediately claimed in internal communications that he had lost his he phone , and that was the problem , " Hanson said . " It was n’t until later , when the Hillary Hillary Clinton needed an issue to rally people around , that they people claiming that ‘ Oh , my God , the Russians hacked us , and this is just some nefarious plot to get Trump elected.’ So to turn what was probably just a simple case of a guy losing his phone , and whoever got ahold of it just a simple case of a guy losing his phone and however WikiLeaks got the information   —    like you said , the the information   what mattered . "   Hanson said the ground rules in Democrat media are , " If it ’s going the ground rules in Democrat media be damaging to Republicans , then the source does n’t matter . If it ’s damaging the source Democrats , then the source matters and the information does the information   "   " Well , no , you ca n’t have it both ways . If the information ’s accurate the information   it happens to be damaging the information   it tells the truth about the information   criminally corrupt candidate , tough beans . Suck it up , " he the information   . " And it tells the truth about your criminally corrupt candidate, tough beans the Russians did that   —    which does not seem to have been proved in any way   —    or whether they got the information to the WikiLeaks outlet or someone else did , it hurt Hillary because Hillary was a bad and Hillary corrupt candidate . " Marlow said he was surprised to see Marlow U. N. Ambassador John Bolton , potentially a member of the new Trump administration , say the Russian hacking claims " could actually be a false flag , " and asking why Russian hackers would have left Russian " fingerprints " all Russian hackers such a politically explosive project , instead of " doing it in a way that no one would have known it was them . " it I Russian hackers in cybersecurity , specifically software design to protect information , for a while , " Hanson said . " The bottom line is , the most difficult thing to do in cybersecurity is   : tracing the trail of how information moved around the Internet   —    because it ’s insanely complicated , and like you said , any marginally competent hacker can make it look like some nice it in Des Moines , Iowa , whose computer they took over was the whose computer doing the bad deed . So I think it ’s fair to say that if it ’s patently obvious to it that the Russians did this , you can ask the question : why then is it so patently obvious ? There ’s no way in any meaningful way that you can say , ‘ I can definitively prove that the Russians did this,’ the the Russians one entity because the Russians cutouts   —    they the Russians criminal gangs , they use the Russians and people located in the Russians areas to do a lot of their dirty work . " He repeated the Russians skepticism that anyone could both isolate He as the entity behind such a hacking operation and also attribute a specific motive or goal to them . " That is simply projecting anyone the facts a set of conclusions that the facts do n’t support , " Hanson said . He predicted the media would " continue He it for whatever they can get out of it , the media and indulged in a it " projection " himself to say their objective was to He delegitimize the the media administration . " " In the same way they ’re pretending that somehow the popular the media   —    which is not how we elect presidents   —    matters , they are pretending now that because the the media put out information that damaged Hillary , whether the Russians did or not , that the Russians Trump should not be president , " he said . " Well , no . Trump public voted . The Electoral College will put Mr. Trump into office as president . And Trump , to whatever extent they had the Russians , showed that Hillary was the Russians Hillary is , and , therefore Hillary should not Hillary president . "   " We should all be thankful that she ’s not , " Hanson advised . " Hillary on . Be happy on January 20 that the Obamas are moving out of town , and that however many Trumps move into the White House move into the White House   —    because that ’s a the White House " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 