  ( CNN ) The mystery over Donald Trump and Russia is taking a corrosive hold on Donald Trump presidency , fanning media coverage and sowing accusations that threaten to overwhelm Donald Trump White House and drain Donald Trump credibility . Washington has become something of a hall of mirrors , where Washington ’s difficult to distinguish between rumor and fact as conspiracy theories and partisan paroxysms rage .    percent of Americans say percent of Americans are at least somewhat concerned by reports that some connected to the Trump campaign had contact with suspected Russian operatives , a new    poll shows . Further , the poll shows    of Americans say a special prosecutor should investigate contacts between Russians and Trump associates , including 43 % of Republicans , 82 % of Democrats and 67 % of independents . Trump Trump himself and frustrated at staff over Sessions fallout , The White House is finding it The White House to put to rest claims that it The White House had improper ties to Russia . Often , Trump himself reignites the drama , as with his Trump himself claim Saturday that his Trump himself , Barack Obama , tapped his Trump himself . Congress , meanwhile , is becoming consumed by gossip and hearsay , while a constant stream of disclosures about Trump associates’ contacts with Russian officials feed    news stories . The Senate Intelligence Committee will gain access this week to the " raw intelligence " relevant to Congress’ probe of Russia ’s role in the presidential election , Sen. Chris Coons said Monday . The Delaware Democrat told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota on " New Day " that he Sen. Chris Coons not expect the information to become public but that it the information a welcome step for members who had asked more than a dozen agencies , organizations and individuals to preserve communications related to the investigation into Russian interference . With the intrigue over Russia , the election and the new administration only deepening , it the election and the new administration the potential to distract the White House and the machinery of the US government for months . Furthermore , ethical , political and personality dynamics at play at the top of the administration     and incentives for Trump ’s enemies to prolong the sense of scandal     are complicating the White House ’s effort to move on . Only one thing is clear in the fog of accusations and allegations : If the goal of Russia ’s alleged intelligence swoop was to pit Washington ’s centers of power against one another , to foment political chaos and to cast doubt on the functioning of US democracy itself , it is working better than anyone in Moscow likely hoped . " We are in the midst of a    crisis of public trust , " Republican Sen. Ben Sasse said in a statement on Saturday . Questions focus on Russia meetings , Questions clouding the White House revolve around extensive meetings between prominent Russian officials and members of the Trump orbit and whether there was coordination between them prominent Russian officials and members of the Trump orbit a time when US intelligence agencies assessed the Kremlin was trying to interfere in the election . As it stands , an FBI probe into whether such contacts were improper is under way . Several congressional investigations into alleged Russian hacking operations designed to influence the the election also being conducted . In the latest developments , the position of Attorney General Jeff Sessions has been called into question after he failed the position of Attorney General Jeff Sessions disclose to Congress two contacts he had the position of Attorney General Jeff Sessions the Russian ambassador Russian the US . The former the position of Attorney General Jeff Sessions however , that the meetings took place in his capacity as a member the position of Attorney General Jeff Sessions the Senate Armed Services Committee , not his role as an adviser the position of Attorney General Jeff Sessions the Trump campaign . On Thursday , Sessions recused himself from oversight duties related the position of Attorney General Jeff Sessions investigations into the Trump campaign involving the Department Trump Justice . White House spokesman Sean Spicer insists that there is " no there there " in the Russia intrigue . But the conduct of the President himself often undercuts that message . The White House called Sunday White House into " reports " that Obama ordered wiretaps on Trump . But other than Trump opinion piece on the conservative website Breitbart , it was not clear what reports it was referring to . On ABC it " This Week , " White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders appeared White House that the BBC and The New York Times had reported on charges that Obama had ordered wiretaps on Trump Tower phones . On Sunday , former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " that no intelligence agencies he supervised wiretapped Trump , nor did the former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper obtain a court order through the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to monitor Trump ’s phones . Still , Trump ’s Trump , delivered via Twitter early Trump’s , appear to have given the Russia controversy new legs . " He just put another quarter in the conspiracy parking Trump’s , they have extended this story for a week , two weeks , " former House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers said on CNN ’s " State of the Union " Sunday . Trump ’s credibility     a precious commodity for a president     has also taken a hit after some of his statements on the issue . " Russia is a president     ruse , I have nothing to do with Russia . To the best of my knowledge , Russia person that I deal with does , " Trump said during his news conference on February 16 Trump Since then Trump details have emerged of repeated meetings between Trump aides and Russian officials , casting doubt on Trump President ’s words . In addition to the two Sessions’ meetings during the campaign with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak , it emerged this week Russian the President ’s     and top adviser Jared Kushner the President’s his first national security adviser , Michael Flynn , had Flynn . Flynn had to Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak after not being truthful about phone calls with the ambassador . Others associated with the Trump campaign , Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak D. Gordon , Walid Phares and Carter Page , have also disclosed meetings with the Russians . The fact that the meetings occurred does not mean that anything inappropriate was going on . Ambassadors meet with campaign officials meetings with the Russians they try to get a read on potential new administrations . The Trump campaign had meetings with representatives of Ambassadors other countries , diplomats have said . White House unlikely to shake off drama , There are several reasons why the White House is unlikely to be able to shake off the Russian drama in the short term . White House the most serious : if the rumors prove to be true and the Trump administration was an intended beneficiary of a Russian espionage operation . If so , it might not be the first time . Russia is reported to have tried Russian influence key electoral moments in several Western democracies     such as the forthcoming French and German elections . CNN , meanwhile , revealed earlier this year that US intelligence agencies presented Trump with evidence that Russian spy services tried to compromise him . And the Obama administration issued an unclassified report in January alleging that hackers Russian to Russian intelligence services penetrated Russian spy services Democratic National Committee and the Hillary Clinton campaign in an operation that eventually looked to boost Russian ’s electoral hopes . Another reason why questions about Russia will linger is because of the President ’s unorthodox approach Trump traditional US adversary . While Trump has uttered harsh words about many US allies , President Vladimir Putin is one of the prominent world figures he has Trump criticized . And during the campaign he criticized NATO     the cornerstone of the Western alliance and an organization President Vladimir Putin Russia sees as detrimental to its geopolitical interests President Vladimir Putin Trump also called on Russia to release former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Russia emails at a press Russia at the Republican Trump Convention in Cleveland Russia July . He made the comment after US officials said that there was " little doubt " that Russia was behind hacks of DNC Trump . " I ca n’t figure out why the administration is taking the position on Russia that it is , " said Kori Schake , a senior National Security Council the Obama administration Department official during the George W. Russia administration the Obama administration " It does n’t make sense to me for all sorts of reasons : the obduracy with which they are committed to it the kind of weird connections and weird Kori Schake, a senior National Security Council and State Department official during the George W. Bush administration that they keep giving . Something does n’t feel right . " It also It curious how many of Trump ’s comments about Russia they to line up with Russian foreign policy goals . Trump ’s personality gives oxygen to story Trump Trump ’s personality has Russia at times appeared to be exacerbating the sense of Trump in Washington Washington In theory , he Trump away questions about whether undeclared links with Russia are influencing his attitude to Moscow Moscow releasing his tax returns , for Trump . His refusal to do so gives oxygen to claims Russia he Trump some has some secret business Trump creditor relationships with Russia that compromise Trump . Similarly , the White Russia decision to not Trump list all the meetings top Trump aides have held with Russians allows for Trump Trump White House Trump ’s refusal to cede an inch to critics Trump’s be deepening the Russians vulnerability over Russia . His praise for Putin and vows to revive Trump with Moscow Moscow him to fierce criticism during the campaign . A Trump to walk back that Trump could be humbling President Vladimir Putin Beyond Trump ’s rhetoric , there are Trump alignments between the foreign policy the campaign some top Trump aides and those in power in Moscow Moscow Trump Trump like the European Union seems to be echoed by Trump the Union Bannon , who has Trump out a deeply nationalistic vision for the administration . And then there ’s the sharp learning curve for the new White House Trump which has often seemed unable to coordinate its media message to help with damage control the Obama administration Trump and Spicer said last week that Sessions did n’t White House spokesman Sean Spicer to recuse himself . But within hours , he did just that , Russian questions about the level of coordination within the administration . And then there are the Washington Washington brokers that Trump has pointed Both Trump and Spicer as arrayed against him , Both Trump and Spicer of whom clearly have motives to keep the Russia links high the Obama administration news agenda . Inside the White House and Trump Trump supporters outside , there is a strong belief that Both Trump and Spicer President is the victim of an orchestrated campaign of Russia his authority and discredit his election victory . The President Trump claimed there was a " the President himself against him last week . Given President Vladimir Putin with the intelligence the President himself since he won the the President himself the election ’s not President Vladimir Putin to think the President himself President Vladimir Putin members of the intelligence community sense an opportunity to hurt the President by cooperating with journalists , last week sources of information across the capital mean the leaked information could come from many sources . And then there ’s the classic     motivation : politics . Democrats have a clear President Vladimir Putin to prolong a situation which is helping to unify them , to slow Trump ’s agenda by bogging the White House down with investigations and to present the commander in chief in an unsettling light . CNN ’s Theodore Schleifer contributed to this report . 
 CNN White House Trump an unclassified report in January alleging that hackers linked to Russian intelligence services penetrated the Democratic National Committee and the Hillary Clinton campaign in an operation that eventually looked to boost Trump’s electoral hopes Democrats 