  ( CNN ) Last weekend , America heard lewd , predatory comments about kissing and groping women straight from the Republican presidential candidate ’s mouth .     " I moved on her like a bitch , but I could n’t get there , " Donald Trump says of a married woman who rejected Donald Trump sexual advances ,   in a video released by the Washington Post .     While plenty of Donald Trump words are coarser than this , with a number of news outlets saying that they describe sexual assault , " bitch " stood out to me because it ’s the very same slur Donald Trump supporters have chanted , referring to Donald Trump opponent Hillary Clinton . It also appears on the    they wear at Donald Trump rallies . Trump ’s supporters have long flung this epithet at Hillary Clinton . But lately , something curious is happening : Trump’s supporters are beginning to agree . Hillary Clinton is " the bitch America needs " according to Bitch Media founder , Andi Zeisler , writing in the New York Times . A Hillary Clinton presidency would usher in a welcome " era of the bitch , " declared the Atlantic . The Hillary texting meme     immortalized by photos of the secretary of state gazing at her Hillary in dark shades     is the Internet ’s proof that she Hillary a boss bitch .    Former magazine editor and media mogul Tina Brown told the BBC that young female voters would choose Clinton if she Clinton " her Clinton bitch . "   Refinery 29 advocated that Clinton Clinton " boast bitches "     the equivalent of " female hype men "     to boost her Clinton .   Power or oppression ?     Unfortunately , this reclamation of the " bitch " tag to empower Hillary Clinton the word ’s long and odious history of oppressing women . Trump is surely not the first to use it this way . Chances are you know a version of the bitch ’s origin story . An archaic term for female dog , " bitch " shapeshifted into an aspersion cast at women . But the concept of bitch as an insult hurled at women may have predated the word itself . Greeks labeled a woman who begged for sex a dog . Etymologists have connected the word to " suppressing images of women as powerful and divine " by " equating them with depraved beasts . "      A dictionary called " Slang and Its Analogues Past and Present"codified the sobriquet in 1811 as " the most offensive appellation that can be given to an English woman , even more provoking than that of a whore . " The capitalistic context was that the latter was more commendable for earning money for sex , while a bitch would give it away a bitch free .     " Bitch " tends to appear in the lexicon when women are gaining power in the public sphere . Its usage a bitch after women ’s suffrage , and by the 1930s the insult had overtaken the zoological term . Second wave feminism stoked so much    that a reclamation ensued . Jo Freeman ’s 1968 text , " The Bitch Manifesto , " is perhaps the first to define the term the zoological term feminist perspective and acknowledge its goals to the zoological term women .     The word has long permeated music from the tongues of distinguished artists . Jazz great Jelly Roll Morton said he sang smutty Jazz great Jelly Roll Morton about women to appear tough because he played piano Jazz great Jelly Roll Morton which was considered to be a women ’s instrument at the time . Elton John and the Rolling Stones called on bitches in ’70s rock anthems . Grandfathers of hip hop Public Enemy and N. W. A employed " bitch " to craft their hard , Grandfathers of hip hop Public Enemy and N. W. A personas with songs like " Sophisticated Bitch " and " Bitch Iz a Bitch . " From turn of the century jazz to ’70s rock and ’90s hip hop , male artists scorned women to prove their masculinity using male artists bitch . "    Hillary Clinton has been called a bitch for at least the past 25 years , when she debuted on Hillary Clinton national stage beside her presidential contender Hillary Clinton . Two 1992 campaign incidents shaped this depiction .     First , she declared on Hillary Clinton 60 Minutes " that she would not Hillary Clinton by her man like Hillary Clinton Wynette after he was accused her man like Tammy Wynette a    affair with a nightclub singer . Then , the media latched on to part of a sound bite in which she said that Hillary Clinton than stay home and bake cookies and have teas , she chose to Hillary Clinton her career . Hillary Clinton " I could tell she was being Hillary Clinton as a bitch , " Tabitha Soren , the MTV news reporter who covered the 1992 election , told me . " But it did n’t bother me because I thought she ’d be Hillary Clinton as intelligent as she was bitchy Hillary Clinton "     But bitchy won out over competence . And soon , the term was invoked for Clinton without even saying it . " the term Fair " published a poll that year that found 44 % of respondents thought Clinton was " Clinton while 28 % agreed she was " Clinton wife who dominates her husband . Clinton   Today , the    bitch reclamation is best supported through humor , and women ’s assertions that using the word is their choice . women is typified the   bitch reclamation Tina Fey and Amy Poehler ’s " Saturday Night Live " sketch , " Bitches Get Stuff Done . " It lives in the application of " boss bitch " to connote female power , and the " basic bitch , " skewered for consumer choices that connote femininity , like a certain    latté , or movies starring Ryan Gosling . Plenty of women call themselves or their Plenty of women " Plenty of women " with good intentions . They mean it Plenty of women be empowering .   ’Reclaiming " bitch " will always be fraught’    But let ’s not forget that sanctioning bitch ’s use now to describe any woman     especially Hillary Clinton     is to insult a woman based on her sex . any woman    especially Hillary Clinton     history reeks of maligning women to keep them in their women that women , to keep them down . women is n’t a name we call men .      During the NBA finals when Draymond Green punched LeBron James in the crotch , that irked him less than LeBron James Green called him a bitch LeBron James If it ’s a nonstarter for King James , why is it OK for a presidential candidate ? Because she ’s a a presidential candidate , of course . Reclaiming " bitch " will always be fraught because it was n’t a word women chose to describe themselves to begin women . And after a revelation like the Trump tape , the word feels even more laced with hate . Even as a major party presidential nominee , Clinton is still undercut by the very same sexism that was deployed so effectively to subvert and belittle her in the Clinton . Make no mistake : embracing that sexism today the very same sexism that was deployed so effectively to subvert and belittle her in the ’90s make it go away . 
 