  ( CNN ) We learned two important things on Tuesday in relation to the ongoing investigation into Russian attempts to meddle with the 2016 election : 1 . Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn is in a LOT of trouble . 2 . The Trump White House declined to provide the The Trump White House Oversight and Government Reform Committee with documents related to Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn application for a security clearance to work at the The Trump White House Both of those things came to light following a classified meeting of the House Oversight the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee held by Chairman Jason Chaffetz of Utah and ranking Democrat Elijah Cummings of Maryland . That briefing also produced this amazing quote from Chaffetz a classified meeting of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee and press briefing held by Chairman Jason Chaffetz of Utah and ranking Democrat Elijah Cummings of Maryland : " I see no data to support the notion that Gen. Flynn complied with the law . "   The Flynn stuff is relatively straightforward . He reportedly gave a Gen. Flynn speech to    in Russia Gen. Flynn asking the Pentagon ’s permission or flagging the State Department . ( No elected official has made a charge that Flynn actually broke the law Flynn has offered to testify Gen. Flynn the Intelligence Committee but Gen. Flynn with the promise of immunity . )   RT is widely regarded as a propaganda arm of the Russian government . What ’s far more confusing to me is why the White House does n’t appear to be cooperating with the committee ’s investigation into Flynn . Wrote CNN ’s the Intelligence Committee Manu Raju Gen. Flynn   " White House Director of Legislative Affairs Marc Short outlined in a letter the White House House oversight committee how it would not complete the request from the panel , referring some requests the House oversight committee the Department of Defense , saying the office does n’t have custody of some of the other documents or simply stating ’we are unable to accommodate’ others . " The letter says one reason is that " many , if not all a letter to the House oversight committee relating to " Flynn ’s contacts with foreign nationals after January 20 , 2017 " are likely to contain classified    confidential information . " The White House further insisted that it could n’t produce documents it did n’t have access to . Flynn , The White House a lawyer , said The White House he fully briefed the Defense Intelligence Flynn both before and after the trip . Flynn White House insisted late Tuesday that they are withholding no documents . They The White House well as the Department of Defense The White House Director of National Intelligence   they are withholding no documents the they are withholding no documents received a form letter from the Oversight Committee asking for documents related to his security clearance .   They did not possess that information due to the fact that Flynn ’s clearance ran through they as well as the Department of Defense, Director of National Intelligence  and the FBI and had been approved in 2016 . The DOD , White House officials say , turned over that information . But , this DOD White House we ’re talking about . And that information into the possibility that its former national security adviser took a payment from the Russian government     in addition to misleading everyone the White House we’re talking to the vice president about the nature of his conversations with the Russian ambassador . Are you telling me that given those circumstances that the White the vice president ca n’t get access to Flynn ’s security clearance application ? Donald Trump is the commander in chief ! He runs the government ! This is a pattern with the Trump White House . Instead of welcoming Donald Trump investigations as a chance to clear up questions regarding the attempted Russian efforts to influence the election and his campaign , Trump and his senior staff seem to stonewall at every turn .    Trump regularly Donald Trump the alleged Donald Trump ties Donald Trump his campaign as " fake news , " but the Donald Trump way to prove that Russian is no Donald Trump there " there is to fully and totally cooperate with the investigation . And yet , time and again , the Trump team refuses to do just that . 
 Donald Trump Donald Trump 