Former White House press secretary and The Five    Dana Perino and Fox digital politics editor Chris Stirewalt will host a new weekly political analysis show on Fox News ahead of the 2016 election , the network announced Tuesday . [ The show   —    titled Perino   Stirewalt : I ’ll Tell You What   —    debuts Sunday , September 18 at 5 p. m. and will serve as a      of the pair ’s weekly Fox News podcast . a new weekly political analysis show on Fox News will air every Sunday until November 13 .   " The unscripted conversation will be complemented by live reports and touch on the latest from the candidates on the campaign trail , " Fox News Fox News announcing the a new weekly political analysis show on Fox News " The    will also be joined by a rotating panel who will offer additional perspective and insight on the historic 2016 race . " Stirewalt and Perino have Stirewalt Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s immigration policy . In a segment on The Kelly File earlier this month , Stirewalt said that Trump needs to find a way Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s to get beyond " the immigration issue and " start talking to voters other than those in his base . " " He Stirewalt stop talking about immigration Stirewalt " Stirewalt said . " It is Stirewalt the most important issue by a long shot for most Americans , and for those Americans who are hawkish on immigration , who really care about that issue at the top of the stack , they ’re already voting for Donald those Americans who are hawkish on immigration, who really care about that issue at the top of the stack . He has to get off of Donald Trump issue . " Perino has that issue the viability of Trump ’s plan to build a secure Donald Trump on the United States’ southern border with Mexico . " You ’re going to build a wall and make Mexico pay for it ? On what planet Mexico that actually a wall ? " Perino said on The Five last year . Perino I ’m pointing out the absurdity of a lot of these comments . I get it that he ’s entertaining . I know that he loves America . He ’s done a he of great things he He also has done things without ever having he work with 535 members of Congress who actually control the purse strings in America . " Earlier this week , Perino America that Trump prefers to do " fun media interviews " over the hard work of voter outreach .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 