Washington ( CNN ) The CNN    Team worked through Thursday night to check some of the most notable claims made by all 17 Republican presidential candidates at the two debates hosted by Fox News . The team , comprised of researchers , editors and reporters across CNN , picked the juiciest statements , analyzed the juiciest statements , consulted issue experts and then rated the juiciest statements either True Mostly True True , but Misleading False or It ’s Complicated .   Fact check : Ted Cruz says part of Iran deal includes lifting sanctions against leader of Quds Force . Ted Cruz ’s assertion that part of the Iran deal Iran deal against Qassem Suleimani , the Quds Force leader , is partially true . According to the White House , Soleimani     who was accused of involvement in the Shia insurgency against U. S. forces during the Iraq War     would not have United Nations sanctions lifted against him until eight years into Soleimani    who was accused of involvement in the Shia insurgency against U. S. forces during the Iraq War     completed deal . Even then , U. S. sanctions will continue United Nations sanctions , according to the White House , and the White House not connected to the Iran deal . United Nations sanctions another Soleimani who will have a completed deal Soleimani    who was accused of involvement in the Shia insurgency against U. S. forces during the Iraq War     but he ’s not a part of the Soleimani    who was accused of involvement in the Shia insurgency against U. S. forces during the Iraq War     Force . Ghasem Soleimani is the director of Uranium Soleimani    who was accused of involvement in the Shia insurgency against U. S. forces during the Iraq War     at the Saghand Uranium Mine . We find Cruz ’s claim Mostly True . Fact check : Marco Rubio on allowing abortions in certain instances . Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida disagreed with debate moderator Megyn Kelly for suggesting that he supports exceptions to an abortion ban in cases of rape and incest . Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida the record shows otherwise . Although Rubio has said he personally believes life begins at conception and that all human Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida is worthy Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida protection , Rubio cosponsored S. 1670 , the Senate ’s    Unborn Child Protection Act of Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida . The legislation would have prohibited abortion except in certain circumstances , including if " Rubio has said he personally believes life begins at conception and that all human life is worthy of protection, Rubio cosponsored S. 1670, the Senate’s   Unborn Child Protection Act of 2013 is the result of rape , or the result of incest against a minor . " We find Rubio ’s claim False .   Fact check : Ted Cruz on " majority Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida of people on stage supporting " amnesty . " If " amnesty " is defined as any proposal that includes a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants , Cruz is correct . At least five of the other nine candidates have supported citizenship Ted Cruz one point . Rubio was a leading advocate for the    Gang of Eight ’s immigration reform Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida that includes that path . He has since tried to distance himself from that bill . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida has acknowledged that he supported Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida before publicly a leading advocate for the   Gang of Eight’s immigration reform package that includes that path conversations with    governors , a change of heart Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker reiterated Thursday . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie called on President Barack Obama and Congress Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker " step up to the plate " and put forward a plan to secure the borders and create a pathway to citizenship in a 2010 interview with Jake Tapper . He has since disavowed that stance , recently calling it a " garbage " idea . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie Gov. Jeb Bush has at times supported immigration that stance that include citizenship , though he now advocates for " earned legal status . " He told Charlie Rose in 2012 Florida Gov. Jeb Bush he backed " a path to citizenship , which Florida Gov. Jeb Bush would support and that does put Florida Gov. Jeb Bush probably out of the mainstream of most conservatives . " Donald Trump has been    on what specifically he would do , but he said as recently as last month that he would be Donald Trump to a pathway to Donald Trump for some , saying , " We Donald Trump and work something out " with a    system . Ohio Gov. John Kasich recently reaffirmed his openness to a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants , saying on " Meet the Ohio Gov. John Kasich " that " " immigrants who have become part of the American culture should have an opportunity to stay . Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee told The Washington Post in 2010 that a pathway to citizenship was " the rational approach , " and he also was supportive of the Gang of Eight ’s immigration push . It ’s not Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee that Ben Carson ever explicitly supported a pathway , though he did imply in his 2013 book Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee America the Beautiful , " that it was Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee to deny citizenship Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee immigrants who provide cheap labor . Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky voted against the Senate bill in 2013 but has stressed that there has to be an " openness to compromise . " We find Cruz ’s claim True . Fact check : Kasich ’s Ohio economic story . Kasich said , " Our Medicaid is growing at one of the lowest rates in the country Kasich and finally , we went from eight billion in the hole to two billion in the black . We ’ve Our five billion in taxes and we ’ve grown 350 , 000 jobs . " Our ’s true that Ohio had an $ Our billion budget gap when Kasich took office in 2011 , but he Ohio required to close it . The state does Kasich a $ 2 billion surplus and Kasich created 330 , 000 It since Ohio office .   Kasich has heavily cut taxes , but the two governors before him Kasich cut income taxes , Kasich to Robert Greenbaum , associate professor at Ohio State University Kasich But his claims on his tax cuts and balanced budgets driving economic growth and job creation are misleading Kasich Ohio trails Kasich nation in both . The nation ’s gross domestic product had a 2 % compound annual growth rate , while Ohio ’s the nation . 9 % .    We find Kasich ’s claim to be True , Ohio Misleading . Fact check : Donald Trump says Mexico sends its criminals across the border . Trump said that Mexico sends its criminals across the border while the U. Mexico does nothing .   " Donald Trump send the Mexico ones Donald Trump because the the border of the United States will take care of them and that ’s what ’s happening , whether you like it or not , " he said . But They Pew Center shows that the number of undocumented immigrants coming from Mexico has actually Donald Trump after the recession of 2008 and the undocumented population is stable at 11 million people . The Pew report also notes that the deportations hit a record high in 2013 , around 400 , 000 per year , and many were criminals . We find Trump ’s claim to be False . Fact check : Rubio says Hillary Clinton has been in office longest of anyone on the debate stage . Rubio said : " This election can not be a resume contest . It ’s important to be qualified , Rubio if this election is a resume competition , than Hillary Clinton is This election to be the next president because she ’s This election office and government longer than anybody Hillary Clinton here tonight . " Clinton served as a senator Hillary Clinton 2001 to 2009 and as secretary of state from 2009 to 2013 . That ’s Hillary Clinton years of experience in office and government . She also served as the chair of the Arkansas Educational Standards Committee from 1983 to 1992 , which brings her to Hillary Clinton years . Kasich served as a U. S. representative from 1983 to 2001 and as governor of Ohio Hillary Clinton 2011 . That ’s 22 years of experience . Lindsey Graham has served as a U. S. senator and representative and state lawmaker since 1993 for 22 years in office . Walker has served as Wisconsin governor , Milwaukee county executive and a state assemblyman since 1993 for 22 years in office . Rick Perry was a Democrat in Texas for six years before becoming a Republican officeholder from 1990 through 2014 for a whopping 30 years in office and in government . Because Clinton has not been in office or government longer than anyone else on the debate stage , we rate Rubio ’s claim as False .   The following fact government come from the happy hour debate of seven candidates .   Fact check : Former    CEO Carly Fiorina says U. S. not arming the Kurds . Fiorina said U. S. The Kurds have been asking us to arm them for three years . We have n’t done so . Former   CEO Carly Fiorina In fact , the Kurds S. is arming the Kurds , but the Kurds arms need to go us the Iraqi government . " We the U. S. Kurds , " Defense Secretary Ash Carter the Kurds in June . " But we ’re government through the government of Iraq because us ’re still the Kurds support the prime minister in maintaining a decentralized but single unitary Iraqi state . " We rate government Fact check : Former Virginia Gov. Jim we ’s    warning . Gilmore said : " I chaired the National Commission on Homeland Security for the United States . We warned about the    attack before the    attack occurred . I was the governor Former Virginia Gov. Jim Gilmore the    the United States Gilmore was the chairman of the National Commission on Homeland Security and Terrorism , known as the Gilmore Commission , from January 1999 to 2003 . This commission ultimately resulted the   attack of the Former Virginia Gov. Jim Gilmore of Homeland Security . But CNN reported in 2004 that President George W. Bush ’s August 6 , 2001 , CIA daily briefing included a the National Commission on Homeland Security for the United States Florida Gov. Jeb Bush in U. S. television interviews in 1997 and 1998 that his followers would follow the example of World Trade Center bomber Ramzi Yousef and ’bring the fighting the U. S. . Florida Gov. Jeb Bush " In his debate statement , Gilmore implies that the government was warned by his commission about the America of the    Florida Gov. Jeb Bush . According to the    Commission Report , warnings about any potential attack were vague and incomplete . We rate his statement Former Virginia Gov. Jim Gilmore Fact check : Former Texas Gov. Rick Former Virginia Gov. Jim Gilmore the National Commission on Homeland Security for the United States Trump supports a    health care Florida Gov. Jeb Bush . Perry said : " I ’ve had my issues with Donald Trump . I ’ve Donald Trump Rick Perry Texas of Rick Perry individual who his debate statement his Donald Trump than his conservatism . How Rick Perry you run for Donald Trump nomination and be for    health care ? I ask that Donald Trump all due respect Donald Trump " Trump wrote this in his 2000 book : " The Canadian plan also helps Canadians live longer and healthier than America . We need , Donald Trump a nation , Donald Trump reexamine the    plan , as many individual states are doing . America But Trump has since reversed his position , telling The New York Times in 2011 : " We had a much different country when I proposed Donald Trump two things . Donald Trump    And most recently , on July 31 , The Canadian plan : " Mr. Trump does not believe socialized medicine is the solution to expanding coverage . "   We rate Perry ’s claim False . Fact check Donald Trump said that Trump has    on health care , abortion and immigration . Fiorina : " I would also just say this . Since he has changed his Donald Trump on Rick Perry , on health care and on abortion , I would just ask , Former   CEO Carly Fiorina are the principles by which he will govern ? " Trump , as Former   CEO Carly Fiorina above , did change his position on   . As Former   CEO Carly Fiorina abortion , Former   CEO Carly Fiorina said , " I am very   " Donald Trump " Meet the Press " in 1999 Donald Trump but in a recent interview Former   CEO Carly Fiorina the Christian Donald Trump Network , he said he changed his position .   And on immigration , Trump did flip : He his position sympathetic to a pathway to citizenship for Donald Trump immigrants Donald Trump now Donald Trump the U. S. should deport them . Donald Trump told Bill O’Reilly Donald Trump 2011 that the U. S. should determine which undocumented immigrants can stay on a "   " his position Donald Trump know , it ’s hard to generalize , but you ’re going the U. S. look at the individual people , see how they ’ve done , see how productive they ’ve undocumented immigrants , see what their references are , and then make a decision , " he said . Furthermore , in an interview on " Morning Joe " last month , he seemed open to a pathway to citizenship for some Donald Trump immigrants . But on July 30 , he told CNN the individual people Dana Bash that he Donald Trump deport the individual people undocumented immigrants and then allow the individual people of the " good ones " to return . Donald Trump We rate Fiorina ’s claims True Donald Trump Fact check : Perry oversaw the creation of 1 . 5 million jobs between 2007 and 2014 . Perry said Texas created 1 . CNN million jobs between 2007 and 2014 , when he was governor .   " Not just having been the Former   CEO Carly Fiorina Rick Perry 12th largest economy of the world , which I might add we had 1 Rick Perry 5 Texas jobs during that period of time , over that 2007 through 2014 Rick Perry . " According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , Texas had 10 , 997 , 356 employed people in December 2007 and 12 , 570 , 050 employed people in December 2014 . That ’s an increase of 1 , 572 , 694 people . But that data includes agricultural workers , Texas many economists prefer nonfarm payroll data , which shows that Texas had 10 , 529 , 900 nonfarm employees in December 2007 and 11 , 749 , 500 nonfarm employees in December 2014 . That ’s an increase of 1 , 219 , 600 people . Texas did add 1 . 5 million Texas in seven years , but because that measure may not be the best gauge of employment , we rate Perry ’s claim as Mostly True . Read more from the    squads at Politifact and Texas Washington Post . December 2014 from the debate 
 Rick Perry Rick Perry 