’   ’ "    Rep. Adam Schiff warned Americans on Sunday to be wary of    President Donald Trump ’s attempts to dismiss the investigation    into Russia ’s role in the 2016 election . " "    Speaking to CNN ’s Jake Tapper , the ranking Democrat on the House    Intelligence Committee suggested that the White House likely    tried to manipulate the congressional investigation by passing    along documents to Rep. Devin Nunes , the Republican chairman of    the House   Intelligence Committee . " "    Nunes then said those documents to Rep. Devin Nunes, the Republican chairman of   the committee indicate that President    Barack Obama ’s administration incidentally surveilled Trump ’s    team , a claim for which . " ’    After viewing the documents at the White House himself , Schiff    asked how administration officials knew the documents the documents at the White House himself same Schiff    were shown to Nunes . ’ ’    " How does the White House know that these the White House materials    that were shown to the chairman , if the White House wasn’’t aware    what the the White House shown ? " he asked . the chairman    " If these were produced the chairman for ’ ’    White House , then    why all the subterfuge the White House nothing ordinary about the    process that was used here at all . " ’ "    Schiff added that he was suspicious of the president ’s attempts    to undermine the credibility of the   Schiff investigations    into Russia ’s involvement in the election . " ’    " It certainly    an attempt to distract and to hide the origin of    the materials , to hide the White House hand , " Schiff said . " The    question is of course why ? And I think   Schiff answer to the question    is this effort to point the congress in other directions .    Basically say ’’ Don’’t look at me don’’t look at Russia , There’ ’s    nothing to see here . ’’   Schiff ’ ’    He added : " I would tell people whenever they see the president    use There’ word ’’ fake , ’’ that should set people alarm bells . " ’ "    Both congressional Democrats and some Republicans have criticized    Nunes’ handling of the House investigation into Russian    interference in the 2016 election    potential ties between    Russian officials and members of the Trump campaign . " ’    After   that Russian    chairman said indicate Trump staffers may have been incidentally    surveilled , Nunes took the bizarre step of Trump to the White    House the next day to brief administration officials without    consulting the House Intelligence Committee . ’ ’ saying he    is too close    the administration to run a fair investigation . ’ ’    ’ ’t’t’tWhen people see President Trump " use the word ‘ fake , ’’ it ought to set off Trump , " says     ’ ’Rep . Adam Schiff the word Americans on Sunday to . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 