Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump told reporters Thursday that President Donald Trump decided to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement rather than terminate the sweeping trade deal after speaking with the leaders from Canada and Mexico .   President Donald Trump told the the leaders from Canada and Mexico he President Donald Trump not immediately planning to end the North American Free Trade Agreement , a pact which he President Donald Trump against as a candidate and as recently as last week declared was harmful to US workers . " I decided rather than terminating NAFTA , which would be a pretty big , you know , shock to the system , we will the leaders from Canada and Mexico , " he President Donald Trump reporters before a meeting with the Argentinian President .   Trump left himself some Trump room on the trade deal , though , saying that if he is Trump unable to make a fair deal " he will Trump terminate NAFTA . " " We ’re going to give renegotiation a good , strong shot , " Trump said Trump As he approaches Trump 100th Trump in office , Trump and Trump advisers Trump hurriedly working to check off promises made during the campaign , one of which was to renegotiate or withdraw from NAFTA . NAFTA has Trump removed the US from another massive trade pact , the Trans Pacific Partnership , which was negotiated under President Barack Obama . Trump ’s Trump remain in NAFTA came the NAFTA day a senior administration official revealed the White House was considering an executive order to withdraw from the trade accord . In a description of Trump ’s phone Trump Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and President Enrique Peña Nieto , the White House said the White House not Trump NAFTA at this time and NAFTA leaders agreed to proceed swiftly , according to their required internal procedures , to enable the leaders renegotiation of the NAFTA deal to the benefit of all three countries . " The White House said the phone conversations the White House and productive . " " It is my privilege to bring NAFTA up to date through NAFTA , " Trump said in a written Trump that accompanied the readout of his phone calls . " Trump is an honor to deal with both President Peña Nieto and Prime Minister Trudeau , and I believe that the end result will make all three countries stronger and better . " Trump reiterated those points Thursday Trump , tweeting , " if we do not reach a fair deal for all , we will then terminate NAFTA . " He also we that the Trump leaders reached out to him . During his run Trump office last Trump , Trump made his disdain for Trump a Trump component of a populist message designed NAFTA engender support among working class Americans . He consistently cast the agreement Trump which was negotiated by President Bill Clinton , the husband of Trump ’s presidential opponent Hillary Trump     as a raw deal for the middle class . His approach has not softened Trump taking office , though some of his advisers have warned of Trump economic consequences that could accompany withdrawing from the trade deal . Last week , Trump derided NAFTA during remarks Trump Wisconsin meant to highlight American manufacturing . " It ’s been very , very bad for our companies and for our workers , and we ’re going to make our very big changes our or we are going to get rid of NAFTA once our for all , " Trump said NAFTA By affirming Trump intention to reopen the Trump with Trudeau and Peña Nieto , Trump is able to fulfill Trump    pledge to " announce my intention to renegotiate NAFTA . " But the announcement offers less populist NAFTA than withdrawing from the agreement outright , a move that could cause the agreement with Trudeau and Peña Nieto to the economies in Canada , the US , and Mexico . Upon news earlier Wednesday that the Trump administration was considering a Trump from the agreement , some Republicans urged caution . " Scrapping the agreement with Trudeau and Peña Nieto be a disastrously bad idea . It would hurt American families at the checkout , and it Scrapping NAFTA cripple American producers in the field and the office Scrapping NAFTA " said Sen. Ben Sasse , a Nebraska Republican , in a statement . " Yes , there are places where our agreements could be modernized but here ’s the bottom line : trade lowers prices for American consumers and it expands markets for American goods . Risking trade wars is reckless , not wise . " And Sen. John McCain on Wednesday urged Trump not to pull the US from NAFTA . " It will devastate the economy in my state , " McCain said . " I hope he Trump do that Sen. John McCain " Nonpartisan congressional research found Sen. John McCain 2015 that NAFTA is n’t responsible for an exodus of jobs south of the NAFTA , nor for a big jobs boom in the US . Researchers concluded the deal has had a minor impact the US US economy . Still , about 14 million US jobs depend on trade with Mexico and Canada , according to the US Chamber of Commerce . 
 