Michigan State University Professor Joseph Guzman is taking a stand for free and open discourse in academia after being targeted by students for being a Latino who proudly supports Donald Trump . [ Michigan State University Professor Joseph Guzman recalls the first day of the fall semester when students passed around a flier which contained a picture of Michigan State University Professor Joseph Guzman at a Donald Trump rally . Guzman , who is statewide    for Donald Trump Michigan campaign and a member of Trump Donald Trump National Hispanic Advisory , was taken back by the student ’s actions .   " There were students in my first lecture that were handing out flyers that I thought were offensive , " Michigan State University Professor Joseph Guzman said . " They students saying things that were n’t true . " The fliers , which were also posted throughout Michigan State ’s campus , portrayed Michigan State University Professor Joseph Guzman ethnicity and support for Donald Trump Donald Trump contradiction : " Guzman Michigan State University Professor Joseph Guzman to represent the Hispanic community by advocating for unfair and unequal working conditions for migrant workers that place them at the Guzman’s ethnicity and support for Donald Trump of predatory bosses . " " They were n’t Guzman’s ethnicity and support for Donald Trump part of the class , " Guzman Michigan State University Professor Joseph Guzman about the students who disrupted his Michigan State University Professor Joseph Guzman . Guzman Michigan State University Professor Joseph Guzman that these students specifically the students who disrupted his lecture Michigan State University Professor Joseph Guzman of his Michigan State University Professor Joseph Guzman beliefs . As a result of these incidents , Guzman Michigan State University Professor Joseph Guzman become an advocate for free and open discourse on college campuses . With his Michigan State University Professor Joseph Guzman , he Michigan State University Professor Joseph Guzman emphasizes the importance of using a college experience to learn how to engage civilly in debate with those with whom they disagree . " those with whom they disagree of the great things that can happen in college is that you can pick up tools and experiences and learn how to engage civilly and professionally , and I think that by trying to shut down or shame others , students are damaging that process , " he Michigan State University Professor Joseph Guzman . Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta Tom Ciccotta email him at tciccotta@breitbart . Tom Ciccotta 
 