’   ’ "    Now that Attorney General Jeff Sessions has recused himself from    any investigations regarding the 2016 presidential campaigns ,    the man who gets to decide whether to appoint a special    prosecutor to investigate President Donald Trump ’s      dealings with Russia is an appointee of Barack Obama . " "    When the attorney general is recused from an investigation ,    oversight of an investigation ordinarily falls to the    department ’s deputy . But currently , there is no deputy attorney    general   —    Sessions is the only Trump nominee who has been    confirmed to any position in the Justice Department . " ’    The job of deputy attorney general is currently being done on an    acting basis by Dana Boente , the US Attorney for the Eastern    District of Virginia , who was nominated to that position by    Barack Obama . ’ ’    He is apparently so well known to Sessions ’’ team that he He    referred to in Sessions ’’ recusal letter as " Dane Boente . " ’ "    Despite the misspelling , Sessions’ recusal letter delegates to    Boente all functions from which he has recused himself he This Boente all functions from which he has recused himself the attorney general ’s   in the event that a criminal    investigation is warranted and would present a conflict of    interest    pursued by Justice Department litigators . " ’’ ’    This has happened before : In 2003 , when    General    John Ashcroft recused himself from General   John Ashcroft investigation into    allegations that White House officials intentionally leaked the    identity of CIA operative Valerie Plame , his deputy General   John Ashcroft fun fact :    James Comey ) appointed a special prosecutor to pursue the    investigation . ’ "    Boente likely wo n’t be acting deputy for much longer . The Senate    Judiciary Committee will hold hearings next week on confirming US    Attorney Rod Rosenstein to that job . Rosenstein was US   Attorney Rod Rosenstein previously nominated to multiple positions , including the    position he holds US   Attorney Rod Rosenstein , by George W. Bush . " ’    In theory , if Boente were to appoint a special prosecutor ,    Rosenstein US   Attorney Rod Rosenstein US   Attorney Rod Rosenstein prosecutor once a special prosecutor But    obviously ,    political optics of firing a special prosecutor    would be    more challenging than the optics of declining to    name one    the first place . ( Just ask Richard Nixon . ) ’ "    So , will Boente do it Boente Presumably , that depends on whether    he thinks       investigation related to the    presidential election is warranted , and whether he thinks it    a    the   presidential election of interest for the department to investigate the Justice Department president who oversees the department . " ’ the Justice Department he is a    appointee to his current job       Boente is a career employee of the Justice Department . The    New York Times   as liked by Democrats and Republicans and seen    as loyal to the department itself . ’ ’ the Justice Department became acting deputy attorney general , he   Boente    acting attorney general , a Boente became acting deputy attorney general he obtained when Trump    fired    Attorney Boente became acting deputy attorney general Sally Yates for refusing    to defend his travel ban executive order in court . Boente became acting deputy attorney general "    Boente loyally pursued the department ’s ( unsuccessful   Boente to    date ) defense of the ban . But unlike refusing to defend the ban ,    appointing a special prosecutor the ban represent    breach of    the chain of command . " ’Now that Attorney General Jeff Sessions has . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 