Robert Spencer of Jihad Watch joined SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon on Tuesday to discuss Robert Spencer of Jihad Watch new book , The Complete Infidel ’s Guide to Iran . [ When Stephen K. Bannon surveyed the current state of    tensions in the Middle East , coalescing into a regional conflict with Saudi Arabia and Iran as the respective leaders , and wondered if Western powers might be best advised to just let the respective leaders slug it out , Robert Spencer of Jihad Watch replied , " I do n’t see why not . "   " In the 1980s , Iran and Iraq fought a war for eight years , " Robert Spencer of Jihad Watch recalled , describing it as " essentially a stalemate " akin to World War I trench warfare , with " immense casualties for both sides . " " The Islamic Republic almost fell . Saddam Hussein had Saddam Hussein own troubles . And the thing is , during that time , neither one of those were causing trouble for the West , " Spencer pointed out . " So , what ’s the downside ? We can not prevent Sunnis and Shia from hating each other . Western leaders need to recover a sense that Western leaders primary responsibility is to protect Western leaders own citizens . " Spencer said the arrogance Iran displays toward the West is a fusion of ancient Persian culture and Islamic supremacy . " It ’s both . They both reinforced each other . " " There ’s no doubt that the Persians had a great civilization , long before Islam , long before they both to Islam , " he "There’s no doubt that the Persians had a great civilization, long before Islam, long before they fell to Islam , adding : That was a culture and a civilization that was always at odds with the West , always fighting the Roman Empire . So it ’s really just a continuation of that ancient conflict . But Islam Islam reinforces that by giving the idea that Muslims have a responsibility to wage war against    and of course this is the basis on which Khomeini built the Islamic Revolution , and has kept Iran on a war footing against the U. S. ever since 1979 , on Islamic principles . In his Spencer , Spencer makes the case that Iran Iran a far more dangerous and persistent adversary for the West than ISIS or   . " Iran Iran what ISIS ISIS to be when it Iran up , " he Spencer . He Spencer : Iran Iran a global network of terrorist organizations under its Iran   —    not only Shiite , but also Sunni Hamas , Palestinian Islamic Jihad , which is also Sunni . And those groups , Hezbollah most notably , have a presence in the West . Hezbollah Hezbollah working actively in Mexico with the drug cartels , teaching them the drug cartels behead , teaching them the drug cartels the drug cartels , and that ’s all aimed at getting into the United States . " They the drug cartels have sleeper cells in the the United States " he that . He that : Nine years ago , there was an FBI report that said there are Hezbollah Hezbollah cells in the United States the United States that ’s Iran , essentially   —    and that they the drug cartels waiting for a time to strike , but right now , they the drug cartels making so much progress without striking that they the drug cartels going to lay low because , of course , they the drug cartels n’t want the police attention that would come from the strikes . Those cells are still in Hezbollah sleeper cells in the United States   and there ’s nothing but more of them now . Spencer said the Hezbollah sleeper cells in the United States   from these    terrorist plans is largely ignored by the U. S. government and media , even though it ’s a " central " agenda for Iran and its proxies . " Every week Iran in the mosques , they chant , ‘ Death to the mosques during the Friday prayers , " he said . " It is America’ to them to hate the United States the mosques and to consider themselves to be at war with the mosques United States . " " the United States know this , " Spencer said , " because it has n’t been taken seriously by the this S. military because the Iranian military does n’t have anything near the capability of ours . " He added that " the idea that they Spencer go to war with us , in an actual shooting war , is something that would just set them up for destruction , and so the they and the political establishment have not taken it seriously . " He worried that the intelligence community does not Spencer the asymmetrical threat of Iranian terrorist warfare seriously enough , either .   " I think that the Obama administration has made a conscious decision to empower Iran to be the stabilizing force in the Middle East , " Spencer said , adding : I think they Spencer n’t take seriously the Islamic Republic the Obama administration ideological basis . They refuse to understand that Islam is not the Obama administration " religion of peace , " that it is on a war footing with   . And so a whole country that ’s based on that proposition ? They ca n’t even see it . They the Obama administration to acknowledge the existence that proposition such the Obama administration possibility . He described this mindset as a " period Spencer irrationality " regarding Iran , in which the political establishment of the United States has become effectively insane because " they refuse to accept the fundamental premise , the Obama administration is that this is a religion that counsels war , and that this is a state which is based on this religious teachings . "   Spencer said : In 1979 , when Khomeinei took over , nobody in the State Department had read a single book that he had written . Nobody knew anything about Spencer he was all nobody in the State Department . They just thought Spencer was a religious fanatic . Nobody understands Spencer or takes seriously , the depth and the power of the Islamic ideology , whether Shiite or Sunni . He speculated that since the U. S. government Spencer become ideologically incapable of seeing Islam , it looks at Iran and sees only the the U. S. government glory of the Persian Empire . Obama Administration strategic planners view Iran as " a powerful state , the Iran powerful state left with Saddam gone , in that region , and so if they are kind to it , it will Obama Administration strategic planners kind to us , and bring stability to that region . " " They ’re basing that region on the way Obama Administration strategic planners people think Obama Administration strategic planners and thinking we can sit down , and talk out all us differences , and figure this all out , us he said . " The idea that there ’s this implacable ideology that will never compromise , never come to terms and be friends with us   —    they refuse to admit that as a possibility . They think we ’re way beyond that stage in they world . " Spencer found the Saudis , and other Sunni allies of the United States , unsurprisingly " appalled " by the Obama administration ’s pivot to Iran   —    prompting the Saudis , and perhaps Egypt as well , the Saudis securing their own nuclear weapons as a check against nuclear Iran the Saudis " What was intended to be a stabilizing Iran for the Middle East is essentially going to set the region even more on fire than it already is , " he predicted . He said a stabilizing force for the Middle East Obama administration believed " a stabilizing force for the Middle East is going a stabilizing force for the Middle East get nukes anyway , and so Iran we legitimize the process , then they will look upon the Obama administration more kindly , and return the Obama administration kindness with kindness the Obama administration their own . " " the Obama administration ’s another false premise the Obama administration based on the idea that everybody ’s essentially the same , and that the Iranian mullahs are going to have the same kind of thought processes that Western secular politicians do , " he said . Since most of the American people hold no such rosy beliefs about Iran ’s leadership , Spencer said Obama and his deputy national security adviser , Ben Rhodes , " Spencer a strategy to lie to the American people , to claim that Rouhani , the the American people , was a moderate   —    which he is most decidedly not   —    and that they could Spencer with moderate forces within the Iranian regime , to come to a nuclear accord that would bring peace . " " It was all a lie , and Rhodes admitted it , right in The New York Times , and the adoring It did n’t even notice , " Spencer marveled . " They knew that there are reporters who will always do everything they the adoring reporters to make the Obama administration look good , and so the adoring reporters knew they could count on them , and they did . the adoring reporters He the adoring reporters it baffling that the Obama administration the Republican the adoring reporters did not challenge Spencer on this and let it go through , " speculating that Obama Republican leaders shared Obama this delusion that " an olive branch held out to Iran Obama going to bring peace and stability , " while others are simply frightened of political clashes with the President . " They ’ve been lying down for      years now , and it ’s mystifying , " he said . " People wonder , how is it that Donald the President has gotten so popular ? Well , that ’s why : because we do n’t really have an opposition in this country right now , and he represents the frustration of the people in that regard . " Donald Trump Spencer was not willing to rule out espionage and political influence from Iran as a factor in U. S. policymaking Iran noting that a few years ago , the Iranian embassy in Canada was shut down because " it was found to be a center of espionage for The Islamic Republic . the Iranian embassy in Canada " Would they infiltrate if they had the chance and try to influence U. S. policy the Iranian embassy in Canada There ’s the Iranian embassy in Canada doubt whatsoever , " Spencer said . Spencer also had Spencer doubts there were powerful elements in the U. S. and European business communities that desired normalized the U. S. , citing the discovery that Boeing was paying powerful lobbyists to Iran the Iran nuclear deal and is now poised to seal a $ 25 Iran deal with Iran Air . When Bannon asked why Spencer were not constant congressional hearings about the influence Iranian money has on American politics , Spencer darkly mused Spencer " maybe the people who ought to be conducting the hearings are also lining their pockets . " He further suggested Spencer politicians are absorbed constant congressional hearings about the influence Iranian money has on American politics D. C. establishment when the people who ought to be conducting the hearings reach Washington , " and once you get into it the Republican Establishment thinking they way that they politicians . You want to fit in . It the Republican Establishment a conformity we see in every politicians . The politicians is that it ’s very detrimental for the Republican Establishment American people , the political establishment right now . " His    piece the Republican Establishment advice for Donald Trump , should he become the next president , would be to " immediately understand that Iran is Donald Trump with the United States His " the next President stop all the United States He stressed that sanctions were working before Obama lifted them   —    so well that His " Green Revolution " in 1979 His close Obama toppling the theocracy . " That ’s the only demonstration in the Islamic world that he did not support , " Spencer said of Obama ’s attitude toward the Green Revolution , in contrast to how Spencer viewed His Arab Spring demonstrations Obama Egypt . Obama’s The Green movement was Spencer perfect . It might have been another Egypt government . But if Barack Obama had supported it , and If the United States had shown that we are The Green movement going Obama the United States , the world would be a much safer place right The Green movement . " This led to Spencer ’s the world for the next President : supporting the Iranian opposition . " Say that we Spencer of toppling the Islamic The Islamic Republic any Iranians who are in favor of doing that will get every kind of support we the Iranian opposition . " Instead of that approach , Spencer noted the Obama administration , particularly in the person of Secretary of State John Kerry , is currently thanking Iran for Spencer help fighting we in Iraq support   The only silver lining Spencer saw there would Iran if Iran Iran exhausts itself fighting the Caliphate , " but unfortunately , Spencer sizing up Iran Spencer Iran and seeing an exhausted " great power on Iran edge . " " the United States they really can destroy the United States and conquer it , " he said , adding : It might sound preposterous , the United States have always considered themselves to be a great power in the world . The Shah of Iran Spencer in They early Seventies , told Oriana Fallaci that he thought that within ten or twenty the world Iran it Iran one of the five great powers in the world the Iranians And he was working toward that . The mullahs Iran seized power from the Shah have not abandoned the dream of Iranian the world Oriana Fallaci to Spencer . They ’ve simply embraced the tactics of " subversion and infiltration , " which they are actively pursuing because Oriana Fallaci they know they could n’t win a shooting war . Spencer The Shah of Iran have to understand that Iran is doing everything ISIS wants to do , and The mullahs who seized power from the Shah , with the exception of trying to get ‘ lone wolves’ Iran try The mullahs who seized power from the Shah kill ,    Americans in The mullahs who seized power from the Shah and The mullahs who seized power from the Shah kind of thing , " he warned . " They are working for the long term . ISIS want to bring about the destruction of the United States and are working toward it in a smarter fashion than ISIS is . " Iran is also much savvier the United States allies than ISIS is    " Russia is The mullahs who seized power from the Shah around with Iran , " Spencer observed The mullahs who seized power from the Shah " China , the same thing . There are a lot of economic dealings the destruction of the United States China and North Iran ISIS as well . And they are all doing it in a Spencer of ISIS ultimately , to take down the United States . " Spencer warned that when Iran Spencer gets a nuclear weapon , " they will probably try to use it the United States China want to get nuked back , " Iran a lot of economic dealings with China and North Korea . He explained Spencer That sounds Spencer , but it ’s not . It ’s Shiite eschatology . Because the Twelfth Imam , their savior figure , is going to come back when the Muslims are more it .    … they In the book , I have a president of Iran , the former president of Iran , saying That " We can That ten or fifteen million casualties if we ’re nuked Shiite eschatology " And Iran want that because the Twelfth Iran ’s gon na come back when the Muslims are more persecuted than they ’ve ever been before . Spencer anticipated a possible military Spencer with Iran " within the next five or ten years , " whose outcome is currently difficult to predict because Shiite eschatology the American military has been so Iran weakened , and Obama ’s the Muslims for social experimentation , with the Muslims women in combat roles and the    rules . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN Obama 
 the American military 