  ( CNN ) For the fourth weekend in a row , Vice President Mike Pence boarded Air Force Two to sell the nascent administration ’s agenda , this time speaking to business leaders at Dynalab Inc. a small manufacturing company in Reynoldsburg , Ohio , on Saturday .   President Donald Trump , meanwhile , will remain in Washington for the fourth weekend in a row , with no public events   scheduled . This has become a bit of a pattern in the Trump White House . Last the fourth weekend in a row the President President Donald Trump National Golf Club in Virginia two days in a row while Pence discussed small business in West Virginia on Saturday and addressed the American Israel Public Affairs Committee on Sunday . Linda McMahon , head of Trump ’s Small Business Administration , joined the vice president The President Saturday President held meetings at the golf course , the White House said , declining to say with whom . On Saturday , Pence stuck Saturday Pence the same message he had the weekend before , The President the " jobs jobs jobs " agenda of the President and touting an announcement The President Motor Co. earlier this week that the company will invest $ 1 . Ford Motor Co. in three Michigan facilities . Pence also told Pence crowd that on the GOP effort to repeal and replace Obamacare , it " ai n’t over yet . " The vice president once again lauded the The President Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court as Republicans rally to secure support in the Senate before his confirmation vote next week . Two weekends ago The President Pence was in Jacksonville , Florida , selling the    GOP health care proposal with the pitch that the Obamacare replacement would allow states to impose a work requirement for    Medicaid recipients .   Meanwhile , Trump golfed in Palm Beach . Pence also took a trip March 11 to sell the Pence ’s plans , visiting Louisville , Kentucky , while Trump remained at the White House . Lindsay Walters , Trump White House spokeswoman , said that the President and vice the White House a team and pointed to a February rally the President held in Florida and his hosting of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in     also the President month . " The President is constantly working     holding meetings and having calls the President there are no public events on the schedule , " Walters told CNN . The President also gave two speeches at a pair of recent events the President by his campaign , in Nashville , Tennessee , and Louisville , Kentucky . the President is the consummate " foot soldier " for the President , a person close to the vice president told CNN . the President his team knew they were signing the President No . 2 CNN when they joined the President ticket , Pence and his team aware of the work that would be in their job Pence and his team , the source added .   After the health care bill imploded last Pence and his team , the former Indiana governor and congressman was " frustrated " and " disappointed , " but he ’s focusing on the administration ’s pivot to other items on its agenda this week the former Indiana governor and congressman the source said . " The vice president is focused on the former Indiana governor and congressman , regulations and tax the source , " Pence spokesman Marc Lotter said , adding that the vice president is " continuing to work on the President ’s agenda . " Pence speaks The vice president boss , praising the President ’s work so far in the White House . Pence around a    The vice president in West Virginia the President’s : " I truly believe that President Trump is the best friend that small businesses will ever Pence . " 
 The vice president 