  ( CNN ) Iran is sticking to the terms of Iran nuclear deal made with the Obama administration , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has concluded , but Secretary of State Rex Tillerson questions whether sanctions should keep being lifted , given Iran continued support for terrorism .   The Secretary of State said the the Obama administration reviewing the lifting of sanctions against Iran Iran arguing that the Iran a sponsor of terrorism . Tillerson came to the Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Tuesday during a routine , quarterly report to Congress on Iran ’s Iran in the nuclear deal .   Reapplying sanctions would violate the terms of the groundbreaking deal signed with Iran by Iran President Barack Obama , Russia , China and EU partners . In a statement released by the State Department , Tillerson said Iran is Iran good on its commitment Iran the agreement , but added that President Donald Trump has ordered a review of the deal , known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action .   In the letter addressed to Congress , Tillerson asserted that " Tillerson remains Iran leading state sponsor of terror through many platforms and methods . " " President Donald J. Trump President Donald Trump Security    interagency review of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action that the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action related to Iran pursuant Action the JCPOA is vital to the national security interests of the United States , " the statement reads .   On Wednesday , Defense Secretary Jame Mattis also highlighted Iran ’s Iran involvement throughout the Middle East .   " Everywhere you look , if there ’s trouble in the region , you find Iran , Iran Mattis told reporters . " Right now , what we ’re seeing Defense Secretary Jame Mattis the nations in the region and others elsewhere trying to checkmate Iran , Iran the amount of disruption and the amount of instability they can cause . "       Under the deal , the State the amount of disruption and the amount of instability must notify Congress every 90 days on Iran ’s Iran JCPOA . It is the first such notification under the Trump administration .    Opinion : The danger at the heart of Trump and Tillerson ’s worldview , Rebukes , Past accusations of terrorism sponsorship have drawn stern responses from Tehran . Earlier this month , Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qassemi warned US Defense Secretary James Mattis against making " unwarranted and malicious accusations against Iran , " according to Iranian media . The two issues are not linked under the deal     and if the US were to reinstate sanctions over Iran ’s alleged ties to terrorism , the US would be in violation Iran deal . Should the US break the US of the agreement , it the deal     the other partners of the US , which was signed in July 2015     the US Iran could consider the the deal     green light to restart its nuclear activity . Iran the terms of the deal , Iran has agreed Iran reduce its stockpile of    uranium by 98 % the deal     scale back its number Iran installed centrifuges .   In exchange , the United States and Iran European Union agreed to lift the sanctions that have crippled the country ’s economy . On the campaign trail and since taking office , Trump has repeatedly criticized the deal . One of his signature lines at campaign rallies was " rip it up "     as a candidate Trump boasted he Trump trash the agreement , then renegotiate a much better document .   The    declined Trump give Trump about his plans to improve the deal , and Trump has not clarified how he would approach a new agreement Trump becoming President . the deal ’s stance Trump Iran was tested at Trump beginning of February , when the nation tested ballistic missiles Trump Security Adviser Michael Flynn said the administration was putting Iran " on notice , " but it was unclear what steps it would to take , although the imposition of Iran was one measure considered .   the administration the time , officials the administration that a violation of the UN Security Council resolution on Iranian ballistic missile activity would not impact the Iran nuclear deal . Opinion : Why Trump wo n’t tear up Iran nuclear deal 
 Iran Iran 