’   ’ "    In   released on Wednesday , the Republican    Party ’s favorability rating hit a new low . " "    Just 32 % of Americans viewed the GOP favorably    the lowest that    rating has been since the poll ’s inception in 2009 . " "    the Republican   Party’s favorability rating was notably higher , at    49 % . " "    Pollster J. Ann Selzer linked the low GOP rating to the GOP Trump ,    the party    the Republican   Party’s for president . " ’    " This is obviously related to perceptions of Trump , " Selzer Donald Trump    Bloomberg Pollster J. Ann Selzer " This bleeds out into perceptions of the party and to the Republican   Party’s GOP politicians . " ’ ’’ ’    While nearly 33 % of Republicans said that they viewed Trump    unfavorably Republicans only 17 % of Democrats had an unfavorable view of    Hillary Clinton , the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee . ’ "    Negative feelings about the GOP are also increasingly coming from    within the party ’s own membership . In December 2014 , 9 % of    Republicans viewed the party unfavorably . That the party’s now    climbed to 28 % . " ’    But Trump still has significant    from party members . The    Bloomberg poll found that 69 % of likely Republican voters think    that Trump will be good for the Trump . ’ "    the party’s poll was conducted Friday through Monday . It had a    margin of error ’ "   Bloomberg’s poll plus or minus 3 . 1 % . " ’    Another Bloomberg poll released on Tuesday showed Trump Bloomberg in a      matchup . ’ ’    And an overwhelming 55 % of total respondents . In comparison , 43 %    of those polled said that they could never support Clinton . ’ those polled    The Bloomberg poll was the third such survey this week to show    Clinton with a commanding lead . Clinton    An    weekly tracking poll released on Tuesday    morning   Clinton with a    lead over Trump , Clinton      bump over NBC ’s tracking poll two weeks ago . " "    And a   released on Tuesday found Trump ’s    negative rating at Tuesday    highest Trump of    time since he Trump    the presidential campaign almost exactly Trump year ago . That poll    found that 70 % of Americans hold a negative view of Trump ,    compared to 55 % who Trump a negative view of Clinton . " ’ Allan Smith and Maxwell Tani contributed to this report . ’ ’In a Bloomberg poll released on Wednesday . .. ’ 
 