White Plains , New York ( CNN ) WikiLeaks released Saturday what appear to be transcripts of Hillary Clinton ’s three paid speeches to financial heavyweight Goldman Sachs . The remarks , which were hacked as part of an extensive breach of Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta ’s email account , show Hillary Clinton commenting on Wall Street ’s role in financial regulations , relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin and the damage done to US foreign policy by past WikiLeaks releases . The Hillary Clinton campaign declined to confirm the authenticity of any of the transcripts and CNN can not independently confirm The Clinton campaign authenticity . But The Clinton campaign has not challenged any emails in other WikiLeaks releases and this is the second time transcripts from Hillary Clinton ’s paid speeches have been made public by the group . Hillary Clinton Clinton’s WikiLeaks hack to Watergate , the scandal that led to the resignation of President Richard Nixon . " There is no getting around it : Donald Trump is cheering on a Russian attempt to influence our election through a crime reminiscent of Watergate but on a more massive scale , " Glen Caplin , a Clinton campaign spokesman , Clinton’s Saturday . " We ’re witnessing another effort to steal private campaign documents in order to influence an election . " The US government has said WikiLeaks is working with Russian operatives . ’For Russian reasons’ Clinton made three paid appearances for Goldman Sachs between the time she left the State political reasons’ Clinton in 2013 and when she announced her presidential political reasons’ Clinton in political reasons’ Clinton 2015 . Clinton ’s paid speeches reasons’ Clinton Sachs and other financial Goldman Sachs a rallying cry for Bernie Sanders supporters during the Democratic primary .   Trump has looked to seize on the WikiLeaks releases , regularly touting them at his events to the Goldman Sachs and other financial firms that Trump have argued he is condoning hacking by Russian Trump . Trump said Saturday that he almost Trump a rally in Trump because of the emails’ release . Clinton ’s campaign was obviously worried about the speeches , too , the hacked emails show . Staffers asked Tony Carrk , the campaign ’s head of research , to look into the content and present top campaign aides with comments that could prove politically troubling .   Pence appears to split with Trump over Russian hacking role , In total , Carrk highlighted five comments from the Tony Carrk speeches . The comments mostly pertained to regulating the financial industry . In an October 2013 speech to the financial firm , Clinton implied that action was necessary to curb Wall Street street abuses " for political reasons . " " There was also a need to do something because for political reasons , if you were an elected member of Congress and people in your constituency were losing jobs and shutting businesses and everybody in the press is saying it ’s all the fault of Wall Street , you ca n’t sit idly by and do nothing , " Clinton said . The    Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Wall Street passed in 2010 in response to the great recession and looked to impose tighter regulations on financial institutions . While business leaders , especially those leading the financial firms , were generally against the measure , the decision was politically popular with Democrats who blamed Wall Street for the recession . In Wall Street speech , the great recession that " more thought has to be given to the process and transactions and regulations so that we do n’t kill or maim what works , but we concentrate on the most effective way of moving we with the brainpower and the financial power that exists here . " Clinton on foreign policy , In a June 2013 Clinton , just months after she left the State Department , Clinton said she Clinton the United States could intervene Clinton Syria Clinton covertly as is possible for Americans to intervene . " " We used to be much better at this than the United States are now . Now , you know , the United States ca n’t help themselves , " she said . " They have everybody go out Clinton tell their friendly everybody and somebody else : Look what everybody ’re doing and I want credit for it the United States and all the rest of it . " In a bit of irony , it WikiLeaks release also brought to light Clinton ’s reaction to a past release from the group that exposed Democratic cables that cast foreign leaders in a negative light . Clinton joked that she embarked on the " Clinton Clinton Tour . Clinton " It was painful Clinton " Clinton said . " Leaders who shall remain nameless Clinton who were characterized as vain , egotistical , power hungry , corrupt . And we knew they were . This was not fiction . And "Leaders who shall remain nameless, who were characterized as vain, egotistical, power hungry, corrupt had to go and say , you know , our ambassadors , they get carried away , they we to all our ambassadors literary people . They our ambassadors off on tangents . What can I our ambassadors . I had grown men cry . I mean , literally . " On Russian relations , Clinton said she wishes she could " continue to Clinton a Clinton positive Clinton with Russia . "   Clinton added that Putin has rejected some of their Clinton to work together " out of hand . "   Comments largely in line with public positions , Clinton collected at least $ 1 . 8 million Clinton at least eight speeches to big banks , according to figures released by Clinton ’s campaign and tax documents she released earlier Clinton . And while the transcripts Clinton a more blunt , less reserved Clinton , much of what the former secretary of state Clinton to Goldman Sachs and other groups appear generally in line with some of what she has said publicly . Clinton campaign discussed ways to Clinton rape accuser ’s claims Clinton In another 2013 speech , Clinton dismissed the idea that President Barack Obama would have Clinton able to accomplish more if he had schmoozed with Republicans in Congress more often . President Barack Obama I know that he spent a lot of time early on in the President Barack Obama term with the Republicans in trying , as you recall . .. it turned out that the Republicans’ side , particularly in the House , could n’t deliver , " she said . Clinton ’s campaign has so far declined to comment on specifics in the releases , in part , because they do n’t want to validate any of the hacks Clinton’s campaign Instead , Clinton ’s top aides have dismissed the releases as partisan Clinton by the Russian government to the releases president . But the releases , which have come daily for the last week , are impacting Clinton ’s campaign by forcing her aides to constantly comment Clinton’s campaign before Clinton ran for president . And , for possibly this Clinton , Clinton told Lloyd Blankfein , the head of Goldman Sachs Clinton at an event in October that she wished the presidential election was shorter . " Look Clinton I am of the mind that we can not have endless campaigns , " said . " It is bad for the candidates . It ’s bad for the country . I mean , part of the reason It it ’s difficult to govern is because an election ends and then the next day people start jockeying . " 
 