Washington ( CNN ) Washington , DC residents , upset that a Utah congressman is meddling in their local politics , are using their voices and money     and setting up a PAC     to try and help oust a Utah congressman .   Rep. Jason Chaffetz represents the 3rd Congressional District in Utah , but residents in the 3rd Congressional District in Utah have a bone to pick with a Utah congressman . a Utah congressman serves as the Chairman of the House Oversight Committee , which under the Constitution has the right to block legislation passed by DC ’s council . Rep. Jason Chaffetz did just that last week when the committee tried to overturn the District ’s law allowing assisted suicide , drawing outrage from local leadership , who say Congress is overstepping Rep. Jason Chaffetz authority to reverse Washington ’s laws . While the measure never went to a full House vote and ended up becoming a law in the District residents are still unhappy with the authority Chaffetz sought to exercise and the fact that he has Chaffetz he wants Chaffetz aggressively step up congressional oversight in Washington . Washington response , some DC residents are giving money to Damian Kidd , a Republican lawyer from Utah and currently Chaffetz ’s only primary opponent . Kidd says after he announced Kidd run Kidd February , he " Kidd hearing from DC residents DC immediately . " " We here in the 3rd congressional district of Utah feel Utah same way that they do We here in the 3rd congressional district of Utah Washington in that we disagree with federal overreach on local maters , " Kidd said Kidd " While we in the 3rd the 3rd congressional district of Utah some of the laws in DC , DC are all frustrated with the federal overreach Chaffetz is utilizing . " Chaffetz ’s office did Chaffetz immediately respond to a request for comment . As protests against Chaffetz are igniting in Chaffetz , many of Chaffetz ’s own constituents Chaffetz expressing their displeasure with their own constituents . At own constituents rowdy town hall in Utah two weeks ago , protesters continuously cut off Chaffetz and yelled at Chaffetz about everything from Chaffetz stance on Obamacare Chaffetz his failure to use Chaffetz position on the Chaffetz committee to properly investigate President Donald Trump ’s financial dealings and communications with Russia . Lynette Craig is a resident of the District of Columbia , but has roots in Utah . During her time here , Lynette Craig said she has Lynette Craig frustrated Lynette Craig the lack of representation for Washington residents in Congress     they have a delegate to the House , but not a voting member     and as a result became involved in the movement for DC statehood . Now , she is banding together Lynette Craig fellow activists to create a PAC called Americans for   . " We intend to use the funds in whatever way possible to make meddlesome congressional representatives , especially Chaffetz , keep their hands off of the funds , " Craig said . " It ’s an extra burn , having Utah roots , that Chaffetz is hurting my Chaffetz back home , and now I live in the District and see that Chaffetz ran on a Chaffetz of reducing federal overreach but came here and had no problem exacting overreach on the District . " the District , the DC councilmember representing Ward 6 , has been leading " Hands Off DC " movements and meetings . Allen said his constituents are fed up Allen are relaying that message to Chaffetz ’s own constituents . " If I were a voter in Utah , I did n’t send my congressman to DC to Allen local DC . I think they ’ve got a whole lot I were a voter in Utah they can be doing instead of I were a voter in Utah with local laws and taxpayers , " Allen said . " I have Allen ability to hold Chaffetz accountable , but he has Chaffetz whole bunch of Allen he can impact my life and Allen think that is absolutely a shame . " 
 