  ( CNN ) A day after Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell did n’t know how Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell was going to find 50 votes to pass a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare , the No . 2 Senate Republican emerged from a key health care meeting saying Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell was suddenly " optimistic " about the negotiations over the thorny ,    issue .   " I ’m more optimistic leaving a key health care meeting saying he was suddenly "optimistic" about the negotiations over the thorny,   issue than I have been in a while , " said Sen. John Cornyn ,       Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell exited a closed Capitol meeting of a Senate Republican working group on health care reform , which took place a day after Congressional Budget Office gave a key score of the    bill that will be the starting point for Senate negotiations .   Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell attributed Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell optimism to " the general tone , and the willingness of people to make small concessions in order to build consensus . That ’s what we need to do , " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ’s upbeat assessment was difficult to interpret , especially because Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell acknowledged that while Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell still had not reached consensus , staff would begin " drafting " legislative language over the one week recess that starts Friday . That drafting process , while preliminary , is often considered a sign that talks are moving forward and senators want to get into legislative text the ideas they are senators around .   Poll : 57 % disapprove of GOP health care bill , GOP aides GOP senators said privately they thought GOP aides and senators differences were narrowed at the meeting but they also GOP aides and senators Cornyn was trying to spin some momentum for the bill , which has appeared stalled because of the sharp ideological and policy divisions in the GOP conference GOP   " As Sen. McConnell likes to point out , with 50 senators needing to agree on this bill , everybody is in a strong position .   So , we ca n’t roll anybody , " Cornyn said Cornyn Sen. Bill Cassidy ,    a leading GOP voice GOP health care reform , attended the session Thursday even though he is not formally a part of the working group . He agreed he totally " with Cornyn that Cornyn was made .   " There were just some good points made , " he said he " There was common ground . "   Sen. Susan Collins of Maine , who    a competing reform bill with Cassidy , also is not part of the group the working group pleased to hear Cornyn ’s Cornyn .   " I ’m happy if they ’re making progress , " she said Cornyn " I look forward to seeing what their product is they There does seem to be a consensus that the House bill could never pass the Senate and I ’m certainly of ’m belief as well . " But the reality is , Senate Republicans have the Senate long way to go before reaching a deal and while GOP leaders have not put a deadline for completing a bill , many senators have said they hope to many senators before the August recess .   RELATED : The Congressional Budget Office just handed Democrats a gift for the 2018 campaign , In an interview with Reuters Wednesday , McConnell pointed to the difficult task Senate Republicans face trying to reach an agreement , " I do n’t know how we get to Democrats ( votes ) at the moment . But that ’s the goal , " he said . McConnell Health care is hard . No surprise to us , " said Sen. Roy Blunt ,    while noting President Donald Trump recently acknowledged his surprise about President Donald Trump complex health care policy is . " It ’s really complicated . " Blunt argued Republicans Sen. Roy Blunt no choice but to take on the task because as he put it Sen. Roy Blunt is the task , many insurance companies are pulling out of it altogether and Obamacare of Americans could be left without coverage . Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch ,    a key health care negotiator , agreed it will be difficult to get 50 votes out of the    Republican conference , a threshold that would require Vice President Mike Pence to break a tie . " We ’ll get them but it Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch,   a key health care negotiator going to be difficult , " he said . Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch,   a key health care negotiator There are a lot of sticking points . The hardest one is that everyone wants everything for the lowest cost possible and there is no way you can give everybody everything they want on everyone care . " An example of the challenges facing negotiators is demonstrated by the comments of two GOP senators who attended the health care meeting .   Sen. Ted Cruz ,    a conservative said individual states need to be able to waive most regulations and decide for themselves what benefits individual states companies must provide . " If we ’re going to lower premiums we have to give consumers flexibility to purchase more affordable plans , " Cruz , a former Republican presidential candidate , said . " We have to give states flexibility to provide creative solutions so those in need provide better care . " That was at odds with Sen. Dean Heller , a Republican who is up for    in purple Nevada . He is interested Sen. Dean Heller, a Republican who is up for   in purple Nevada preserving regulations that require coverage for    conditions and he also wary Sen. Dean Heller, a Republican who is up for   in purple Nevada his state giving Sen. Dean Heller, a Republican who is up for   in purple Nevada its expansion of his state , which took place under Obamacare . " I ’m here to listen , " Heller said as he headed into Heller meeting . " I ’ve got concerns about a lot of things . How they handle Medicaid is an Medicaid issue for me so I Heller be looking at that closely . "   In the meantime , Democrats who are not part of the negotiations are watching carefully .   " I do n’t know what ’s happening in their caucus , Democrats who are not part of the negotiations said Sen. Debbie Stabenow ,    who is heavily involved in health policy . " I ca n’t imagine there ’s a way to get 50 members on something that does n’t seriously hurt Americans and raise their costs . Americans can not do that in a comprehensive way using anything close to the structure they ’re talking about . " 
 