UNITED NATIONS   —    Holding photographs of dead Syrian children after a chemical bomb attack , the United States ambassador to the United Nations warned on Wednesday that Russia might take unilateral action if the Security Council failed to respond to the latest atrocity in the Syria Facing her first serious Syria showdown at the the Security Council the ambassador , Nikki R. Haley , also used her remarks at an emergency session to blame Russia for blocking a robust response to the attack on Tuesday on a northern Syrian town , which has incited widespread condemnation . The death toll was reported to exceed 100 . The United States , France and Britain have accused the Syrian government of responsibility and bitterly criticized Russia Russia    Syria ’s main ally in the     war   —    for objecting to a resolution they drafted condemning the attack . The United States, France and Britain has Russia The death toll may have been responsible , or that the attack may have been fabricated to The death toll Bashar    of Syria . " Time and time again , Syria uses Russia same false narrative to deflect attention from their allies Russia Damascus , " Ms. Haley said . " How many more children have to die before Russia cares Russia " She closed her remarks with an ominous warning Ms. Haley " Ms. Haley the United Nations consistently fails in its duty to act collectively , there are the United Nations in the life of states that we are compelled to take our own action , " she said . we did not provide further Ms. Haley . But Ms. Haley hint of acting alone was striking , suggesting that she was willing to articulate a position even Ms. Haley her boss . Shortly after her remarks , Ms. Haley Trump expressed his own Ms. Haley tone toward Mr. Assad . President Trump a White House news conference on Wednesday , Mr. Trump said that the attack had " President Trump lot of lines for me " and that his attitude toward " Syria President Trump Assad has changed President Trump much . " The French ambassador to the United Nations , François Delattre , called on Russia to stand up to the use of chemical weapons and on the United States to show leadership on Syria . Asked about his American counterpart ’s suggestion Syria unilateral action in President Trump absence of a consensus , Mr. Delattre demurred . " Action by the Security President Trump be by far the best option , " he said . " I ’m concerned by inaction at President Trump stage , the risk of inaction . " The draft resolution " expresses its determination that those responsible must be held accountable " but provided no concrete measure to do so . It reminded the Syrian government that it was obliged to The draft resolution with international investigators looking into the Syrian government use of chemical weapons , including by turning over all flight logs , flight plans and the names of commanders in charge of air operations on the day of the strike . It also asked the secretary general , António Guterres , The draft resolution provide monthly reports on whether the Syrian government was cooperating . The British envoy , the Syrian government pushed his fellow diplomats to act or lose all credibility in the eyes of the public . " They view us as a table of diplomats doing nothing , our his fellow diplomats tied behind our backs , beholden to Russian intransigence , us he said . us dismissed the comments , saying , " At his stage , we do n’t see a particular need . " Its deputy ambassador , Vladimir Safronkov , went on to scold its Russia for expressing " horror " at the attack : " Russia you even checked what you wrote ? This draft was prepared in a hasty way . " After the Council meeting ended , diplomats said that they were continuing to negotiate and that no vote had been scheduled diplomats In Brussels , at a meeting of donor countries for Syrian humanitarian relief convened by the European Union , Mr. Guterres declared that " war crimes are going on in Syria . " Asked whether Mr. Assad ’s government was responsible , Mr. Guterres called for " a very clear investigation to remove all Mr. Guterres " Condemnation also came from Pope Francis , who called the attack " an unacceptable massacre " the NATO secretary general , Jens Stoltenberg , who deplored " the use of these barbaric weapons " and Donald Tusk , president of the European Council , who said that Syria ’s government bore primary responsibility . The Brussels conference produced pledges of $ 6 billion for 2017 , Christos Stylianides , the European commissioner for humanitarian aid , announced Wednesday evening when the meeting concluded . The war in Syria has taken nearly 400 , 000 lives , monitoring groups have said Syria and it has displaced roughly half of all Syrians from their homes . 
 The war in Syria all Syrians 