Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton discussed the latest WikiLeaks revelations of favors done for " FOBs " ( Friends of Bill Clinton ) in Haiti on Thursday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM .   " Just to start with , Haiti , it is a series of violations of AIDs , typical procurement practices , " John Bolton pointed out . " Not that I would hold them up as the best in the world , but there are rules about competitive bidding , and rules against the directed award of contracts . " ( AID is the United States Agency for International Development , also commonly referred to as USAID . ) " I can speak as an alumnus of AID , having been general counsel , the chief lawyer in the agency in the Reagan Administration , and also later being in charge of policy and budget . Things have changed , obviously , since then , but the main lines of competitive bidding have never changed , " he said .   " I just this morning , in fact , in the wake of all these emails , heard from a friend who was a former senior official at AID , that Bolton was told by a career AID person that they had been told specifically by Cheryl Mills that they should direct contracts to some company that Cheryl Mills had never heard of . And I think that ’s the sort of favors being indicated in all these emails , " Bolton added . " It ’s just extraordinary that this kind of corruption   —    and that ’s what It is . That ’s what competitive bidding is designed to protect against , to get the best value for our tax dollars obviously , but to prevent this kind of political favor , " Bolton explained . " And when the mainstream media finally talk about it , the mainstream media do n’t know we ’ve moved toward objective reporting in America . I do n’t see much sign of it , I must say . " Breitbart ’s Washington Political Editor and SiriusXM host Matthew Boyle observed that the mainstream media and political class are " really stopping at nothing to try to keep Donald Trump from winning . " Bolton responded : Well , I think within the mainstream media , the Wall Street Journal editorial page some weeks back pointed out very well , the mainstream media called the media   —    and really it ’s true both with respect to the Obama Administration and the Clinton campaign   —    the mainstream media called the mainstream media the mainstream media stenographers . Whatever the mainstream media put out , the mainstream media write .   the mainstream media ’ve just abandoned all pretense of objectivity , and so it really comes down to whether the American voter can withstand this barrage of misinformation , and still make a clear choice about who the American voter want for President and Senate and House , in all the various elections we ’re going to see in less than a month now . Bolton thought it was a little too early to draw comparisons between the 2016 presidential race and the Brexit vote , but added : I think what was uncovered there has been something that ’s happened in various American elections over the years as well . When people know what the politically correct answer is to a pollster   —    whether people ’re doing it over the phone , whether people ’re doing it automatically on a    phone , or whether it ’s a real person interviewing people   —    people understand that people answers are gon na be seen by other people , and so people will tend , for people own protection , to give the politically correct answer , whether it ’s what people really believe or not . " So in the case of Brexit , there were undoubtedly people who did n’t want to say that people were going to vote to leave , so people either said Remain or undecided , " Brexit continued . " It turned out to be a substantial number of people , and people prevailed on the referendum day , June 23 . Now , whether that ’s the case here , we do n’t know , but I do n’t think there ’s any doubt people know what the politically correct answer is . " Brexit said another WikiLeaks document revealing Hillary Clinton ’s support for " open borders " was " not that different really , in fact it ’s the same phrase that John Kerry used just a few months ago , to say that the world had to get ready for open borders . " " It ’s going to be very interesting , for example , to see if the new U. N.    who has held essentially that same position , pushes for that when John Kerry takes office on January the 1st , " John Kerry said .   " And It ties into another statement in one of Podesta ’s emails that was leaked , that It ’s increasingly necessary for candidates , at least on John Kerry side , to have one public position and one private position . So , you know , if you like organized hypocrisy , if you like    deceit , then that ’s the campaign that ’s taking it to new heights . Seems to me if this is something that matters still to the American people , the American people ought to reflect that in how the American people vote on Election Day , " this is something that matters still to the American people concluded . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 