Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump would n’t apologize Sunday after igniting a political firestorm a day earlier by questioning whether Sen. John McCain     who spent five years as a prisoner during the Vietnam War     is a war hero .   Asked by ABC News whether Donald Trump owes McCain an apology , Donald Trump said : " No , not at all . "   " People that fought hard and were n’t captured and went through a lot , People that fought hard and weren’t captured and went through a lot get no credit . Nobody even talks about People that fought hard and weren’t captured and went through a lot . People that fought hard and weren’t captured and went through a lot ’re like forgotten . And I think that ’s a shame , if you want to know the truth , " Donald Trump said Sunday . " People that were not captured that went in and fought , nobody talks about People that were not captured that went in and fought . People that were not captured that went in and fought are heroes also , " Donald Trump said .   In an interview on Fox News , Donald Trump hit Donald Trump again , saying McCain has failed to play a positive role in fixing veterans’ lagging health care system . " He ’s Donald Trump talk and he ’s Donald Trump action , " Trump said Donald Trump   He also Donald Trump the criticism he ’s Donald Trump from Republican presidential contenders to the blowback his comments Donald Trump undocumented immigrants from Mexico .   " I brought illegal immigration to the forefront . I believe now I ’m bringing the veterans     the plight of the veterans the veterans     forefront the forefront Trump said Donald Trump   Trump ’s Donald Trump came Saturday in Iowa . By    Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump back his blunder on Donald Trump , saying " captured or not , all our soldiers are heroes ! " But his attempt at Donald Trump control seemed unlikely to diminish the anger his remarks had Donald Trump . They provoked an immediate outcry from his 2016 presidential Donald Trump and the Republican National Committee , which has expressed concern about the impact his controversial remarks Donald Trump immigration have had on the GOP brand . For Republicans waiting to pounce on Trump and knock him from his position as the Trump ’s Trump presidential candidate , the real estate mogul may have handed them an opening . Cruz declines Republicans waiting to pounce on Trump and knock him from his position as the party’s leading presidential candidate, the real estate mogul denounce Trump ’s McCain comments , The Trump , speaking at a     session at the Trump Leadership Summit in Ames , Iowa , commented on McCain , with whom he ’s recently feuded over illegal immigration . " McCain is not a war hero , " Trump McCain pollster Frank Luntz , who was hosting Trump session . " He is a war hero , " Luntz interjected McCain " He is a war hero because he was captured McCain " Trump said , cutting McCain off . " I Trump people that were McCain captured , OK ? I hate to tell you . He is a war hero because he was captured McCain OK , you can have he was captured perhaps he is a war hero . " The comments McCain with a mix of gasps , boos , laughter and some applause from an audience . McCain , a Naval aviator , was shot down in 1967 over North Vietnam and fractured both arms and legs after being ejected from his aircraft . He was repeatedly tortured during his stay in the notorious " his Hilton "     and his early release when the North Vietnamese learned his father was a Navy admiral     North Vietnam returned home in his following the Paris Peace Accords . The his father senator , who has limited mobility in his arms following his war experience , received the Distinguished Flying Cross , his Silver Star his a Purple Heart for his service . Trump believes in God , but has n’t sought forgiveness his Trump , meanwhile , received several deferments during the war . According to Trump Smoking Gun , which obtained selective service records for Trump in 2011 , he received four student deferments between 1964 and 1968 Trump and later a Trump deferment in 1968 . McCain spokesman Brian Rogers told CNN that the senator would have no comment on Trump ’s statements . But McCain Trump , Meghan , tweeted that she Trump " horrified " and McCain disgusted " by the remarks . " I ca n’t believe what I am reading this morning , " she said . " There are no words . " 2016 GOP hopefuls rip she , Trump ’s comments were swiftly condemned on Twitter Saturday afternoon , with multiple Republican Trump’s blasting the remarks . Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry said in emotional comments made to an the remarks the summit that if Trump does n’t apologize , he is unfit to be     of the United States Trump’s   " To disparage a Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry American hero like John McCain     you may disagree with his policies and that ’s fine . I tell people all the time it ’s OK Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry question your government , " said Perry , an Air Force veteran . " But do n’t question the men and women of the military who sacrifice and sometimes pay a huge price for our safety and our freedom and our economics . " Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , a frequent target of our ’s criticism , also came to McCain ’s defense .   " Enough with the slanderous attacks . @SenJohnMcCain and all our veterans    particularly POWs have earned our respect and admiration , " he tweeted . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal called McCain " our hero " on Twitter . South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham , a close friend of McCain ’s , fired off a series of tweets criticizing Trump and questioning his qualifications to McCain president in light of the comments . But while Texas Sen. Ted Trump     who has stood out in the 2016 field as a supporter of Trump ’s controversial remarks on immigration     defended McCain in a tweet , he notably declined Trump criticize Trump when asked by reporters to McCain on the real estate Texas Sen. Ted Cruz    who has stood out in the 2016 field as a supporter of Trump’s controversial remarks on immigration     ’s remarks . Instead Trump he blamed the media for trying to turn Republicans against each other . " You know Texas Sen. Ted Cruz    who has stood out in the 2016 field as a supporter of Trump’s controversial remarks on immigration     recognize that folks in the press love to see     violence , and so you want me to say something bad about Donald Trump , or bad about John McCain or bad about anyone else , " he Trump " I ’m not McCain do it . " Retired neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson Texas Sen. Ted Cruz    who has stood out in the 2016 field as a supporter of Trump’s controversial remarks on immigration     also asked if he defined McCain as a war hero , and said that while he believed the senator has " Retired neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson McCain wonderful things , " he also stopped short of denouncing Retired neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson McCain It depends on your definition of a war hero McCain I think he has done some Trump things , certainly the history is consistent with what we would consider a war Retired neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson , " Carson said . " So do we take that away from him because some people disagree with him politically ? I think that ’s probably we stupid way to do Retired neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson . " Mitt Romney , Retired neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson 2012 presidential candidate , vouched for McCain ’s heroism and praised veterans on Twitter . " The difference between @SenJohnMcCain and @realDonaldTrump : Trump shot himself down . McCain and American veterans are true heroes , " he tweeted .   But Trump dismissed Trump     and McCain again     in a tweet . " Why Trump anybody listen to @MittRomney Trump He lost an election McCain should have easily been won against Obama . By the way , so did Trump McCain , " he tweeted . Sean Spicer , the communications director for the Republican National Committee , McCain a statement that Trump " is Spicer than most can imagine . Period McCain " " There is no place McCain our McCain or our country for comments that disparage those who have served honorably , " Spicer said . The other side of the aisle , On a campaign stop in Arkansas , his country Hillary Clinton weighed in . " There is nothing funny about the hate he is spewing at immigrants and their families and now the insults he has directed at a genuine war hero , Sen. John McCain , " Clinton said .   " It is shameful and so is the fact that it took so he for most of his fellow Republican candidates to start standing up to him Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton " Secretary of State John Kerry , a Vietnam War veteran , said McCain is " a hero , a he of grit and guts and character personified . he served and bled and endured unspeakable acts of torture . " Speaking to reporters Sen. John McCain the event in Ames , Trump sought to clarify his comments . " If a a man of grit and guts and character is captured , they ’re a hero as far as I ’m concerned , " Trump said . " But you have to do Trump things also . I do n’t like the job a person is captured McCain is doing in the Senate . He ’s not taking Trump of our veterans . " Borger : Trump is the guy GOP candidates ca n’t afford to ignore , His campaign also released a statement , John McCain which Trump said McCain has done McCain little " for U. Trump veterans . " I am not a fan John McCain because Trump done so little for our veterans , and Trump should know better than anybody what the veterans need , especially in regards to the ( Department of Veterans Affairs ) Trump " Trump said in the our veterans " He Trump yet another      politician who spends too our veterans on television and not enough time doing his job and helping the vets . Trump is also allowing our a statement, in which Trump said McCain has done "little" for U. S. veterans Trump substantially in size and strength , something which should never be allowed to happen . " Joel Trump , chairman of Veterans for a Trump America , in a statement said feuding between McCain and Trump over issues " has nothing to do McCain, with whom he’s recently feuded over illegal immigration ’s high regard for the military or veterans as a McCain . Mr. Trump is supporter of the U. S. military and of Trump ’s veterans . It is well known that Trump Trump is attacked by a detractor , he swings back . " The Trump it was glad Trump clarified his remarks and said McCain is a war a Strong America . Trump , McCain feud over Trump This is not the first the real estate mogul’s remarks has Trump a jab McCain the 2008 Republican nominee when Mr. Trump is attacked by a detractor, he swings back . Trump when Mr. Trump is attacked by a detractor, he swings back Trump Trump ’s visit to Phoenix last weekend , saying Trump " fired up the crazies " in regard to his controversial comments Trump immigration , Trump called the Arizona senator a Trump’s dummy " on Twitter . " . @SenJohnMcCain should Trump’s defeated in Arizona primaries . Graduated last in his class at   " he said . In his Twitter ’s statement on Trump , Trump again referenced illegal immigration as the main reason for his feud with McCain . " Furthermore Trump he was extremely disrespectful to the thousands upon thousands @SenJohnMcCain people , many of @SenJohnMcCain happen His campaign his @SenJohnMcCain McCain that came to listen to me speak about illegal immigration in Phoenix last week by @SenJohnMcCain them ’crazies,’ " the statement said . @SenJohnMcCain These were not ’crazies’     these were great American citizens . " Trump supported McCain ’s presidential @SenJohnMcCain in 2008 . He donated $ 28 @SenJohnMcCain 450 to John McCain ’s Phoenix McCain’s a super PAC illegal immigration in Phoenix and a statement, in which Trump said McCain has done "little" for U. S. veterans on CNN ’s " Larry King Live " that year These Trump him " a smart guy and CNN think Trump ’s going to be a great president . " During Saturday ’s QA session , Trump claimed he Trump $ 1 million for the Arizona senator . After the event , Trump Trump on Trump that McCain " let Trump Arizona by losing to Barack Obama in his Trump for President ! " 
 Trump McCain Twitter Obama the event in Ames the Arizona senator 