The " deranged " progressive protesters who attacked GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s motorcade and targeted GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump supporters in Minneapolis on Friday night are being protected by Hillary Rodham Clinton , the Democratic nominee for president , former Rep. Michele Bachmann ( ) told Breitbart News exclusively . [ Bachmann , is a Trump supporter and was at the Trump event in Minneapolis . Bachmann said the protesters were using profanity to verbally harass Trump the U. S. House of Representatives , spitting on them , and were so much a threat to the Trump that police officers advised people that they needed to leave through alternative exits . Trump Bachmann told Breitbart News Trump supporters text message about the Friday night event : The deranged left was on hand at the police officers event last night in Minneapolis looking for    Bachmann choreographed trouble . They were swearing at attendees as we arrived , spitting at whomever they could reach . the Friday night event protesting as much as they were looking to beat people up . After Donald Trump had our wildly enthusiastic crowd riled up and on our They with multiple standing They , the crowd tried leaving the They . Police officers told us protesters had physically attacked people as we were leaving the building and we were we to leave through alternative exits . our wildly enthusiastic crowd so bad , she said , the    we protesters " were really in her view people   " the building we "   . " She went on : The ‘ protestors’ morphed into     and then they became ‘   ’ looking for a   . she was nothing more than   ’s lawlessness and disrespect for decency she out on the streets of Minneapolis . The only idea the left seems to understand is physical violence used to intimidate political opposition . These brute thugs who attacked Donald Trump ’s vehicle demonstrate exactly why we need to elect Donald Trump as our next President of the United States , so we can see respect for the rule of law return again in this country . At one point , too , she saw protesters yelling we at police officers —   and she said the experience was " frightening " to those ordinary Americans supporting Donald the United States president . " The media probably did n’t report it , but these    were running wild back and she in a frenzy shouting , ‘ F —    the police !   F —    the police,’ " Bachmann said . " For normal , happy Trump supporting people , it was frightening . Welcome to Hillary ’s America . These are the people she protects and rewards . " Hillary Clinton ’s campaign has not responded to a request for Donald Trump for president on whether or not she disavows the actions of the violent protesters in Minneapolis on Friday night Hillary 
 Hillary Clinton’s 