  ( CNN ) WARNING : This story contains graphic language . This story was nothing more than some good ol’ fashioned " locker room talk . " At last night ’s town    debate , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump strongly denied that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump had sexually assaulted women after a leaked video captured Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying that because of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump fame , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump could " grab [ women ] by the pussy . "    a leaked video has prompted some Republicans to distance themselves some Republicans the candidate . Though Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump made a defiant apology this past weekend , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump downplayed the recording as Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump answered the first question of the night . " It ’s locker room talk , and it It one of those things , " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said before pivoting to another topic . " I will knock the hell out of ISIS . " What ISIS to ISIS with ’locker room’ talk ? Unsurprisingly , professional athletes grew irate at the insinuation that similar lewd remarks were commonplace in men ’s locker rooms . Here ’s what they had to say . 3 times Trump defended his ’locker room’ talk , It confused Los Angeles Clippers guard Jamal Crawford . Portland Trailblazers guard CJ McCollum said he had n’t Portland Trailblazers guard CJ McCollum any " locker room talk " like that before . L. A. Galaxy player Robbie Rogers tweeted that he was offended L. A. Galaxy player Robbie Rogers Trump ’s remark Trump A ’s Pitcher Sean Doolittle pushed back against that notion of " locker room talk . " So did Chris Kluwe , a former Minnesota Vikings punter and outspoken Deadspin columnist . As did Cleveland Cavaliers forward Dahntay Jones . No , nonconsensual sexual advances are n’t part of the locker room , Philadelphia 76ers guard Kendall Marshall insisted . " It ’s a Ted Bundy quote , " sniped UFC mixed martial artist CM Punk . Not " locker room talk . " Blake Griffin , a star Los Angeles Clippers forward , used the comment as an opportunity to mock Trump ’s heavy breathing . Retired NBA center Jason Collins , the league ’s first openly gay player , riffed off of a tweet from John Amaechi , a fellow former NBA player who is also gay , about Trump ’s apparent lack Trump’s foreign policy communication with his running mate . Trump’s also found room Trump’s get in a breathing dig .   On a serious note , former Olympic hurdler Queen Harrison said " locker room talk "     like the phrase " boys will be boys "     were n’t valid excuses for making lewd remarks . More than anyone , though , Kansas City Chiefs wide receiver Chris Conley seem to take issue with the comments . He rattled off a Kansas City Chiefs wide receiver Chris Conley rant pushing back against Trump followed by some words for wisdom . Jacob Tamme , tight end for the Atlanta Falcons , dropped the mic by saying that he needed another shower Kansas City Chiefs wide receiver Chris Conley beating the Denver Broncos Sunday afternoon . 
 