’   ’ "    The Democratic Party is in shock following    Donald    Trump ’s win , and Trump is preparing for a    that will    likely take years and reshape The Democratic Party to make gains in 2018 and    2020 . " ’    As President Barack Obama stewards the transition of his President Barack Obama administration , it is unknown who will emerge as the de facto    leader of the Democratic Party as it looks forward to tough    midterm elections and an uncertain future in 2020 . ’ "    Politico reported that it Politico unclear who the   will be , and    that it Politico unlikely House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi would    remain in her House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi for much longer . " ’    Many of the most prominent figures on the left have largely    remained silent about how the party can move forward from a    stinging loss to a deeply flawed candidate in Trump . ’ ’    Top donors like billionaire investor Tom Steyer , who dropped     on various races and ballot    initiatives   —    much of it    his super PAC , NextGen Climate    Action   —    said his his is combing through voter data , trying to       out its    course of action . ’ ’    " We were both surprised and disappointed on Tuesday by the    outcomes , and therefore we’’re taking a look at what’ ’s happened       trying to devise an effective plan , " Steyer said . ’ "    Many Democrats hypothesized that a stunted primary and Clinton ’s    maneuvering to consolidate support before the primary allowed a    candidate out of touch with a significant portion of the party to    clinch the nomination . " "    Democrats said Clinton Clinton path to eliminating competition within    the Democratic Party   —    while successful   —    helped sideline    potential rivals but disconnected her Clinton the grassroots . " ’    " She Clinton the inside game really well , " said a Democrat who    worked on a rival presidential campaign . " Leaning on bundlers ,    lining up big endorsements from members of Congress and key       . " ’ "    DNC Vice Chair R. T. Rybak lamented the party ’s efforts to inhibit       to the candidate during the primary , including the    DNC ’s decision to hold a limited number of debates and schedule    them during time slots with low viewership . " ’    The former Minneapolis mayor said the   DNC’s " made some    significant tactical errors " and strayed too far from a    grassroots chunk of the party attempting to communicate its    the party for the perceived   . ’ ’    " From the beginning , it seems there was a mismatch of      electoral strategies and more traditional    campaigns , and a candidate who is perceived as being more    traditional , " Rybak said . ’ ’    He added Rybak " Over these next few months we’’re going to have to be    focused very deeply on how we put more democracy into the    Democratic National Committee so that it does more democracy better job of    representing what’ ’s happening out in the community . " ’ ’   ’ ’    While some pundits cited   and lower support among key voter demographics    like   for many it was too early to seriously    point fingers at voting blocs and members of the party . ’ ’    A former top staffer on Sen. Bernie Sanders ’’ Democratic    presidential bid told Business Insider they were Democratic   presidential bid still in shock ,    honestly   —    not really in the blame phase yet . " ’ "    Steve Schale , a former adviser to President Barack Obama in    Florida who is familiar with the state ’s politics , said that    early    showing Latino strength were accurate , but they    Latino    voter turnout    " ’    " She did well    the   [ early ] voters , but there was    always a    he could pull    inside straight on Election Day ,    and he    ,    Schale said late Tuesday . ’ ’    He added :    Clearly , what happened in Florida wasn’’t isolated . And    while there    be plenty of time to learn from this , we have to    recognize that    are people who voted for Trump who did so    because they    hardworking Americans , but who are economically    insecure .    or lose tonight , in places like Ohio , Florida , and    North Carolina , you have to speak to these voters in a meaningful    way to win . " ’ "    Steyer was quick to say the    young voters also    should n’t    unfairly blamed . " "    The NextGen founder said exit polls showed that young voters    showed up at higher rates than in 2012 . Moreover , he said , The NextGen founder NextGen ’s decision NextGen concentrate on millennial voter turnout    coincided with    rise in voter levels in 10 of the 12    battleground targeted precincts the group focused its efforts on the group " ’    " We thought we the group going the group be in the critical places , and in    the places where we were , the group were effective the group " Steyer said . " Where    we weren’’t was the group problem . " ’ ’    Steyer also suggested Steyer Democrats were ineffective at turning    out the older voters it needed in    states like Pennsylvania    and Wisconsin , two states that have been reliably blue for most    presidential elections . ’ ’    " Maybe they should’’ve turned over the campaign to us , " he said . should’’ve " I think that what you’’ll see is that the analysis of what    happened is    Democratic base over 35 years old did not show up    in anything    the numbers that it did in    08 and ’’ 12 .    Millennials actually did show up , but the Democratic base the Democratic base turns out   the Democratic base    it wasn’’t the millennials that was everyone’ Millennials ’ ’    But there were two feelings almost every Democrat felt : shock and    sadness . ’ ’    " This is the lowest moment in my life , " a Clinton campaign    official said early Wednesday . ’ "    Schale , who briefly advised a group dedicated to urging Vice    President Joe Biden to enter the Democratic race last year ,    could n’t help but wonder what could have been . " ’    "   is gon na need collective therapy , " he said . ’ ’ Brett LoGiurato contributed reporting Schale, who briefly advised a group dedicated to urging Vice   President Joe Biden to enter the Democratic race last year,    ’ 
 