  ( CNN ) The mayor of Portland , Oregon , is trying to stop what he describes as two upcoming " " demonstrations as he city continues to mourn the stabbing deaths of two residents who intervened in a possible hate crime . Mayor Ted Wheeler on Monday called on the federal government to revoke the permit for a rally set for Sunday , and to deny permission for a second rally on June 10 . The two gatherings     backed by different organizers     are planned for a park on federal land , which gives federal authorities control over issuing permits . " Our city is in mourning , our community ’s anger is real , and the timing and subject of these events can only exacerbate an already difficult situation , " Wheeler posted on Facebook . Two men suffered fatal stab wounds , and a third man was seriously injured , when Two men intervened in an incident on Friday on a Portland commuter train . Police said Two men were trying to stop a man who was yelling    slurs at two young women     one of whom was wearing a hijab     on the a Portland commuter train The FBI is assisting Portland Portland , who are leading the investigation and are trying to determine whether Jeremy Joseph Christian , charged in the killings , could also be charged with federal hate crimes . The attacks occurred hours before the start of Ramadan , a    Muslim holy period of fasting , prayer and charity . Wheeler said the city would not issue permits for the June 4 and June 10 rallies , according to a statement . But the federal government has already granted a permit for the June 4 rally , the mayor said . He urged the mayor groups to cancel the rallies and asked their supporters the groups stay away .   " My main concern is that they are the groups to peddle a message of hatred and of bigotry , " Wheeler told reporters , referring to organizers of the two the rallies They have a First organizers of the two rallies right to speak , but my pushback on that is that hate speech is not protected by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution . " Organizer : Suspect ’has nothing to do with us’ CNN affiliate KATU said the " Trump Free Speech Rally Portland , " is scheduled for Sunday . Joey Gibson is organizer of that rally . His Facebook page says Joey Gibson effort is " about fighting corruption and big government with the strength and power of love . "   Gibson told CNN Monday Joey Gibson the mayor " is using this as an opportunity to use these two dead people to silence us . " Gibson also distanced his Joey Gibson from the Joey Gibson suspect , Christian . Gibson said Christian showed Joey Gibson an Christian 29 free speech march he organized in Portland Joey Gibson with a bat yelling and screaming , cussing at people , using derogatory names . " " Jeremy Christian has nothing Christian with us . He hated us , he Christian me us We Christian everything we could us kick him us . We did Christian want him us us , " Christian said us In a video of the April free speech rally , Christian is seen shouting at Christian . At one point , Christian blurts a racial epithet Christian according to the video from reporter Doug Brown of The Portland Mercury weekly newspaper show .   Chrisitan , 35 , identifies himself in one of the Chrisitan , and he ’s also seen carrying Chrisitan baseball bat , which he handed over to officers Chrisitan approached him . Christian has been Chrisitan with Christian counts of aggravated murder and one count of attempted murder , all felonies , in Friday ’s attack aboard a Portland commuter train . The aggravated murder charges have the death penalty as a possible sentence . He faces several misdemeanors including Chrisitan counts of    intimidation . Christian is scheduled to be Christian on Tuesday , police said .   Police Police Ricky John Best , 53 , of Happy Valley , and Taliesin Myrddin    23 , were killed in the attack . The third attack aboard a Portland commuter train Micah    Fletcher , 21 , suffered serious but     wounds , police said .   Earlier , in an interview with CNN , Wheeler called the three men heroes . " Their actions were brave they were the three men heroes , and it the three men heroes serve as an example and inspiration to all of us , " Wheeler said .   When asked Wheeler he identified with Wheeler ’s " " description , Wheeler said : " When someone can explain to me what    means , I Gibson answer it . I ’m a libertarian . I ’m not right wing , I ’m for gay marriage , I ’m against the drug wars . ’m The    " " is a    movement that has been linked to white nationalism , racism , misogyny and   . White nationalism , a term once on the fringes , now front and center , ACLU : Government can not shut down free speech , Gibson said he will not cancel the June Gibson rally .   " If I cancel this rally and we do n’t the June 4 rally permit , you ’re talking about hundreds of people just showing up in the park with no leadership , no voice of reason , " he said in a Facebook post Gibson The June 10 protest is called   # MarchAgainstSharia , KATU reported . The ACLU of Oregon , in a tweet on Monday , said : " The government can not revoke or deny a permit based on the viewpoint of the demonstrators . Period . " " We are all free to reject and protest ideas we do n’t agree with . That We a core , fundamental freedom of the United States , " the ACLU said . 
 The ACLU of Oregon 