Panmunjom , South Korea   ( CNN ) With North Korean soldiers standing less than 100 feet behind him at the Korean Demilitarized Zone , Vice President Mike Pence told CNN that Pyongyang should understand that the Trump administration ’s approach toward the regime will be different than that of past US presidents . " We ’re going to abandon the failed policy of strategic patience . But We ’re going to redouble We efforts to bring diplomatic and economic pressure to bear on North Korea . We hope is that We can resolve this issue peaceably , " Pence said in an exclusive interview at the DMZ . To achieve this new strategy , the administration is relying heavily on China , a country President Donald Trump spent President Donald Trump entire campaign railing against , but has since stopped as the administration became clear North Korea would be a top priority requiring China China . " I know the President President Donald Trump by his discussions with President Donald Trump Xi ( Jinping ) . We ’ve seen China begin China take some actions to bring pressure on North North Korea there needs to be more , " Pence said .   Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said in a daily briefing Monday that the onus was on all parties     including the US and China     to China a peaceful solution . " Resolving this issue requires all relevant parties , especially parties that bear major responsibility and play a key role in this issue , to this issue the same direction and make a joint effort , " he said . Nuclear Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang , The North Korean regime began its nuclear program in earnest The North Korean regime the Clinton administration , which tried to prevent its buildup with a diplomatic The North Korean regime .   It ultimately failed after Pyongyang The North Korean regime it by continuing its nuclear The North Korean regime . Later The North Korean regime the Bush administration tried global pressure with the    " six party talks , " but those failed too , and North Korea launched its first nuclear test in North Korea . During the Obama administration , the the Bush administration more nuclear tests .    Now , some estimates are that North Korea may have the capability to North Korea missile that could hit the continental US by the year 2020 . Asked about that , Pence paused for several seconds before answering . " I know the President of the United States has no higher priority than the safety and security of the American people . The presence of US forces here in South Korea are a    commitment to the Asia Pacific . And insuring the security of the continental US will be a priority in this administration . " Look , we want to be clear : our hope the continental US frankly our prayer is that the continental US marshaling the resources the continental US nations across the Asian Pacific     not just South Korea the Asia Pacific other allies     South Korea bringing renewed pressure to bear , " he said . Pence breaks with security plan , The plan was for the vice president to stay inside the security plan Freedom House at the DMZ and not step outside towards the military demarcation line ( MDL ) where North Korean soldiers are standing .   However , once there , Pence declared he wanted to go outside     and so he did just that the vice president As the vice president stood and looked the vice president , North Korean soldiers quickly the vice president their side of MDL and began taking North Korean Pence .   Military officials here North Korean soldiers CNN in advance that snapping photos is what Pence Korea does when seeing VIPs across the way     both to document their presence and intimidate . Most US dignitaries go even closer to the North Korean both when here     to a set of blue buildings called conference row that spans the MDL and allows them to actually step foot in North Korea . For security reasons , Pence did Most US dignitaries . He did , however North Korea to Observation Point Ouellette , a lookout post from where not only are the North Korean hills visible , but its propaganda machine can be heard     music and political messages blast there across the DMZ North Korean    Pence ’s father awarded Bronze Star   For the vice president , this first trip to Pence Korean Peninsula is an emotional one . His father ,   2nd Lt . Edward J. Pence , Jr. US Army , was awarded the Bronze Star for his service in the Korean War . US military officials prepared a briefing for Pence about His father,  2nd Lt    Battle of Pork Chop Hill , where his father earned his medal Pence " It ’s very meaningful for me and my family His father,  2nd Lt be here his father So many years after my father ’s service . To be honest with you , my dad did n’t talk his father we were all grown up . It was a lot my Dad fighting here , " Pence my Dad CNN . " I think , in some way , my Dad just might be smiling from heaven to see the sacrifices that he and other American soldiers and South Korean soldiers made here are now passed on to my generation . That ’s not my Dad out our commitment to the secure and prosperity of South Korea . "  
 