’   ’ ’    Hillary Clinton lambasted Donald Trump during a Monday speech in    Toledo , Ohio , after a   dropped on Saturday revealed    the Manhattan billionaire suffered a $ 916 million loss in 1995    and could have avoided paying federal income taxes for 18 years . ’ ’    Hillary Clinton slammed Donald Trump " contributing nothing " to the US , a    country he’ ’s been " dissing " throughout his campaign . ’ ’    Hillary Clinton said that when it comes to the ultrawealthy taking advantage    of the US government , Trump Donald Trump " in a category by himself Donald Trump " The    former secretary of state also called for a law to be enacted    that would force    presidential nominees to release    their presidential nominees returns , something every       has done    since 1976   —    except Trump Donald Trump ’ ’    " Now , a lot of us were wondering , ’’ What is he hiding ? It must be    really terrible , ’’ " she told the crowd . " Well , The New York Times    has discovered at least part of the answer . " ’ ’    Trump’ ’s campaign has neither confirmed nor denied the accuracy of       Times report on his taxes . Instead , a campaign statement    accused The Times of " illegally " publishing the returns and    praised Trump for using the tax code to his advantage , a line    that Trump’ ’s surrogates repeated . Former New York City Mayor Rudy    Giuliani and others insisted that Trump Trump a " genius " for taking    advantage of the tax codes . ’ ’’ ’    " Yesterday his campaign was bragging it his campaign him his ’’ genius , ’’ "    Clinton said . " Here’ ’s my question : What kind of a genius loses $ 1    billion in a single year ? " ’ ’    Clinton Clinton that " how anyone can lose a dollar , let alone a    billion dollars in the casino industry , is kind of beyond me . " ’ ’    " It’ ’s just hard to figure , " she It’ . " But as a result , it It’ doesn’’t look like he   doesn’’t a dime for two decades . " ’ ’    The Democratic nominee added that , at the same time , American    families were paying the same taxes Trump was eschewing . ’ ’    " It seems that he was contributing nothing to our America "    Clinton said . " Nothing for Pell Grants to help kids go to    college , nothing for veterans , nothing for our military , and , you    know , he’ ’s been dissing America in this whole campaign , right ? He    he’ us down our he makes he’ comments about our country ,    he calls    military our disaster . Well , it’ ’s not , but it might it’ have been if everybody else failed to pay taxes to help our brave    men and women in uniform . " ’ ’    Clinton added that while his employees Clinton suffering from the    decisions that led to a nearly $ 1 billion loss , Trump was " busy    with his accountants Clinton to figure out how he could Clinton    living    a billionaire . " ’ ’    " Trump was Trump from America with both hands and leaving the    rest of us with the bill , " she said Trump ’ ’    Clinton later called Trump " Trump poster boy " of " bullying small    businesses . ’ ’    " I have heard so many stories of contractors , and I’’ve met some ,    too , who worked for him , I’’ve the goods and services , and    never    paid , " she said Trump " I’’m talking about painters and    plumbers , piano sellers , architects , glass installers   —    he    I’’m them all . Not because he couldn’’t I’’m them , them all because    he wouldn’’t    them . them all he’’d tell them , them all If you want to get    your money , sue me . ’’ " ’ ’    She then promised to close a litany of tax loopholes , including    the ones Trump may have utilized , if she were She in    November    ’ ’    " We’’re going to close those loopholes , " she said She " We’’re going We’’re    make Wall Street and the superrich pay their fair share . " ’ 
 