( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 .    Donald Trump is under fire for Donald Trump choice of Stephen Bannon as Donald Trump chief strategist . Civil rights groups , Democrats and some Republicans warn that Mr. Bannon , above at Trump Tower , represents racist and nationalist views . Kellyanne Conway , another adviser , defended Stephen Bannon as a " brilliant tactician . " Mr. Stephen Bannon former home , Breitbart News , meanwhile , is reveling in Mr. Trump ’s victory and eyeing expansion . Critics say it could Mr. Trump’s victory an unprecedented role in a modern presidency . _ _ _ _ 2 . In Washington , President Obama stressed the importance of a peaceful transition . He described President Obama Trump Mr. Trump’s " pragmatist " rather than an ideologue . He said he President Obama encourage President Obama Trump to Mr. Trump’s who came as children to stay . Then he set off on President Obama last major foreign President Obama as president . The    journey will include stops in Greece , Germany and Peru , and meetings with European leaders , China ’s president and Australia ’s prime minister . White House officials have said he is prepared to spend the trip talking about Mr. Trump . _ _ _ _ 3 . Since Election Day , there has been a wave of reports of bias attacks , harassment and vandalism . And the F. B. I. reported that hate crimes surged last year , led by attacks on Muslims . Many attacks have also been countered by acts of public support and solidarity , as in the case of the Iraqi family living in Maryland , above , after they found a threat Many attacks to their door . Mr. Many attacks said he was surprised to Mr. Trump that some of his supporters were making Mr. Trump threats and told them to stop it some of his supporters were making racial threats _ _ some of his supporters were making racial threats 4 . The International Criminal Court is considering a    investigation in Afghanistan , after a prosecutor said she had a " a prosecutor basis to believe " that American soldiers there committed war crimes , including torture . The U. S. is not a party to the court , but The International Criminal Court . So allegations Afghanistan crimes committed in its territory are considered fair Afghanistan . _ _ _ 5 . Interviews with more than two dozen medical personnel who served or consulted at the American military prison at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , reveal how secrecy , mistrust and the shadow of interrogation limited doctors’ ability to treat detainees who became mentally ill , some after being subjected to torture or other harsh coercive practices . _ _ _ 6 . Gwen Ifill , the    PBS journalist and debate moderator , died of cancer in Washington . She was 61 . " cancer not only informed today cancer citizens , but she also inspired tomorrow ’s cancer , " Mr. Obama said . Ms. Ifill had a long career , reporting for NBC and The New York Times , and moderated the Democratic presidential primary debate between Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders in February . _ _ _ _ 7 . Since Cuba and the United States began to normalize relations two years ago , Cuba has become a destination Cuba cancer patients seeking an immunotherapy vaccine developed there . Dozens of Americans suffering from lung cancer have slipped into Havana and smuggled vials of the drug Cimavax back home . And judging from online patients’ forums , more are making plans to do so . _ _ _ _ 8 . Apple ’s new MacBook Pro is the latest generation of a laptop beloved by creative professionals and coders . It ’s light and fast Apple but is not for everyone , our critic writes , given its sole type of connection Apple , an unhelpful Touch Bar and a big price tag . _ _ _ _ 9 . There will be no female president come January . But in the days leading up to the election , there was a distinct possibility that this     gender barrier would be breached . So we asked women to tell us about their own vividly we barriers women Almost 1 , 200 responded . Here are some of their stories . _ _ women _ 10 . Michael Stipe is ready to return to music . Since R. E. M. broke up five years ago , he has spent most of R. E. M. time working on sculpture R. E. M. But then he performed in tributes to R. E. M. Bowie this year . He also got involved in R. E. M. reissue of R. E. M. ’s hit album " Out of Time , " coming Friday , which includes demos , an acoustic live recording and the record ’s eight ambitious music videos . _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , when it comes to heart disease , terrible habits erase about half of the benefits of good genes , a new study found . Thankfully , the phenomenon works the other way , too . For people with a genetic risk of heart disease , healthy habits heart disease from smoking , moderate exercise and a diet heavy in fruits , vegetables and grains are potent weapons to defy your DNA . _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays Your Evening Briefing m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s Friday ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 