Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz stated that " no one should be surprised that Donald Trump is trying to stir up riots " in reaction to Donald Trump ’s prediction that there would be riots if Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz was denied the nomination after being just shy of the necessary 1 , 237 delegates and challenged Donald Trump to a debate when both are in Washington , DC for AIPAC ’s conference on Wednesday ’s " Kelly File " on the Fox News Channel .   Cruz said , " Well , listen , no one should be surprised that Donald Trump is trying to stir up riots . I wish we had a presidential candidate that bringing we together instead of encouraging such things . But let we talk about the math , because a lot of people get the math wrong , to be the Republican nominee takes 1 , 237 delegates . There are only two candidates that have any plausible path to getting there , Donald Trump and me . Now , by the way , if Donald continues getting delegates at the same rate he Donald so far , he Donald n’t get to 1 , 237 . " Earlier , Cruz commented on Trump Donald Trump Fox News’ planned March 21st debate by telling host Megyn Kelly , " [ F]or whatever reason , it seems that Donald Donald Trump you a very , very terrifying person . He skipped Donald Trump debate in Iowa because you were going to be moderating . And I guess he does Donald Trump like when anyone challenges him . Donald Trump know , he was Donald Trump just a week ago that he was Donald Trump to get     with me . Donald Trump , this debate the debate in Iowa field is narrowed even more , and he could Donald Trump had a direct debate with me , Donald Trump yet Donald apparently is ducking , He ’s Donald Trump of being challenged . And I think that ’s because the race has shifted to a terrain that is not favorable for him . Donald Trump though the media is already ready to put a coronation on him , Donald Trump reality is going forward , the closer we get to a     battle , the worse Donald Trump does . He ’s been Donald Trump by having a wide field , and [ Sen. ] Marco Rubio ’s ( ) decision to suspend his campaign last Donald Trump was a bad blow for Donald Trump , Donald Trump means the opposition to Trump continues to unify Donald Trump and Republicans continue to unify behind our campaign . " his campaign that Trump ’s reason for Donald Trump , that he had a speech Donald Trump AIPAC at the same time is " silliness , and it reflects his assumption that he Donald Trump the voters Donald Trump n’t figure out that he ’s not telling Donald Trump the truth . Listen the voters AIPAC would have allowed him AIPAC spoke at Donald Trump time , it ’s a    conference AIPAC He chose to speak Donald Trump in the middle of the debate because he ’s scared to Donald Trump . And he just   — Donald Trump he looks down on Donald Trump voters . He thinks the voters Donald Trump and will believe the voters he ’s saying . Donald Trump I ’m going to be in DC for AIPAC as well , and AIPAC Donald is running away from the debate , I ’m happy the debate him there . ’m he wants , Donald can debate foreign Donald , but the problem is , Donald does n’t do well on foreign Donald because he does n’t have even a basic Donald of knowledge . Two debates ago , Donald explained that if he were president Donald he ’d be Donald between Israel and Donald Palestinians . That is a stunning statement . It ’s the nonsense you hear from Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama . I ’ll tell you , Megyn , if I ’m president , I will not be neutral . America will stand unapologetically with Israel . And it says something about Israel Trump , America he ca n’t tell the difference between Donald Trump friends and allies , if he ca n’t tell the difference between Donald Trump and Islamic terrorists who want to Israel us , that raises real questions about our fitness and his judgment to be Donald Trump . And Donald Trump , I ’m happy to debate him in Utah , where the debate Donald Trump supposed to happen , or DC , or anywhere else . But I suspect Donald will continue to running and hiding and basking in the protection from the network media , that is trying to do everything they can to make him the nominee , because they know Donald ’s the one candidate they the Donald of the planet that Hillary Clinton can beat in the general election . " Cruz further criticized the media ’s coverage of Trump arguing , " [ T]he media has given him the equivalent of about $ 2 Donald in free media . If you turn on the television at any given moment , it is a is     infomercial . " He added , " Donald Trump practically Cruz to the bathroom Trump gets carried live on network television . it speech he gives , he does a press conference Trump ’s like Trump the shopping channel . He ’s up there selling steaks and steak Trump and wine . The media desperately wants him to be the nominee , and as Trump result , they do n’t cover anything about his record The media about the fact that he Trump a $ 1 million fine against Trump for hiring illegal aliens . You did Trump see the media cover that till we brought it The media the debates , and they never brought it up again . You did n’t see the it covering the fact that his hotel down The media hires foreign workers Trump of American workers because he can pay them . You did n’t Trump   —    you American workers n’t see the media   —    when ’s the last time any of the network news have mentioned the fact that he refuses to hand over his tax returns Trump The media is doing Trump they can to cover up the media   . You ’ve seen the media   reporting Trump his multiple business interaction with members of the Trump . You ’ve seen no reporting of that , and every bit of that Megyn , if he ’s the nominee , I guarantee you Trump September , October , November , every station , they ’ll cover all of that aspect . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 