Washington ( CNN ) A senior Trump administration official on Saturday pointed to the 2015 mass shooting in San Bernardino , California , to justify the President ’s order to ban US immigration from seven    nations . But neither of the attackers in the shooting , which left 14 people dead , would have been affected by the new ban . " The current process for screening and vetting refugees is woefully inadequate to the needs of national security , " the official told reporters on background during a briefing Saturday to discuss the new ban . " There are 1 , 000 open ISIS investigations , approximately , inside the United States . There ’s a very strong nexus between our immigration and visa programs and terrorist plots and extremist networks inside the United States the United States official continued the official Look at the recent ,    attacks that have occurred inside the country     an immigration nexus is not at all uncommon . I wo n’t go through the list of them all now . One obvious example would be Tashfeen Malik and the San Bernadino incident with the K1 visa . " A K1 visa is a    visa issued to the    fiance of a US citizen . Tashfeen Malik was from a family Tashfeen Malik landowners in Pakistan and later moved to Saudi Arabia with her immediate family . Her husband , Tashfeen Malik Rizwan Farook , Tashfeen Malik a US citizen . Pakistan and Saudi Arabia , however , Pakistan not Saudi Arabia list of countries subject to the new ban . The administration is facing criticism from Democrats on Capitol Hill and from leaders around the world for taking steps their critics say are unconstitutional and   . leaders around the world second mention of San Bernardino came when the official was trying to explain why there was no grace period before the executive order went into effect , to help ease implementation . " Imagine if this had been an executive order that had been contemplated the day before the San Bernardino shooter entered the United States ? San Bernardino official asked . " Would have delaying its the official the best interests of the country ? the San Bernardino shooter entered the United States reality is we do n’t know the United States next individual is who will exploit our immigration programs successfully . If you choose that something is we to do for the sake of national security , it should be done immediately . " 
 national security 