  ( CNN ) WARNING : This story contains graphic language . At the second presidential debate , CNN ’s Anderson Cooper posed a pointed question to Donald Trump in regards to the leaked 2005 Access Hollywood video that caught Donald Trump saying of women that Donald Trump felt entitled to " grab women by the pussy . " " For the record , you ’re saying you never did that ? " Anderson Cooper asked . Donald Trump , downplaying Donald Trump remarks as " locker room talk , " denied Donald Trump had ever kissed or groped women without consent .   " No one has more respect for women than I do , " Donald Trump added . Donald Trump denial , though , has opened the floodgates for women who are now accusing Donald Trump of sexual harassment spanning from groping on planes to unwanted advances in the Trump Tower .   The presidential candidate has strongly denied wrongdoing , going so far as to threaten lawsuits against media outlets who published new claims .   For some of the women , some of the women felt compelled to speak out against Trump after hearing Trump tell Cooper that Trump had not groped women without women consent . Here ’s what some of the women have said so far : Jessica Leeds , When it allegedly happened : Around 1980 , Where it allegedly happened : On a plane , What Cooper said : Jessica Leeds , a     Manhattan resident , told The New York Times that Trump inappropriately touched Cooper " like an octopus " during a flight from Connecticut to New York . According to Leeds , a flight attendant upgraded a flight attendant to    escorting a flight attendant to an open seat next to Trump . Once they were airborne , Trump raised the seat divider , grabbed Trump chest , and attempted to move one of Trump hands up Trump skirt , Trump said . What Trump said : Trump told a the Times reporter asking about the incident that " none of this ever took place " before calling Trump a " disgusting human being . " One of his attorneys Tuesday morning demanded an immediate retraction and an apology from the paper .    sources in the Trump campaign tell CNN ’s Brian Stelter and Dylan Byers the Trump campaign has started drafting a lawsuit . Mindy McGillivray , When it the Trump campaign happened : 2003 , Where it the Trump campaign happened : The     Club , What she Mindy McGillivray : Mindy McGillivray , a     Palm Springs , Florida , resident , told the Palm Beach Post that Trump groped Trump 13 years ago when Trump was assisting a photographer hired to work a concert at the The    Club   " This was a pretty good nudge . More of a grab , ’’ Trump said . " It was pretty close to the center of my butt . I was startled . I jumped . ’’   What Trump said : Like with the New York Times , Trump campaign sources have told CNN ’s Brian Stelter and Dylan Byers the campaign is drafting a lawsuit against the Florida newspaper . Rachel Crooks , When it allegedly happened : 2005 , Where it allegedly it : Outside a Trump Tower elevator , What she said Rachel Crooks Eleven years ago , Bayrock Group receptionist Rachel Crooks Rachel Crooks outside a elevator in the building where they both worked . She said she Bayrock Group receptionist Rachel Crooks to Bayrock Group receptionist Rachel Crooks cordial to one of her company ’s Bayrock Group receptionist Rachel Crooks partners . But after saying hello and shaking hands , she claims Trump Bayrock Group receptionist Rachel Crooks her on her Bayrock Group receptionist Rachel Crooks and Bayrock Group receptionist Rachel Crooks on the mouth . " It was so inappropriate , " she told the Bayrock Group receptionist Rachel Crooks York Times . " I was so upset that he thought I Miller so insignificant that he could do Miller . " What Trump said : Jason Miller , a Trump spokesman , called The New York the New York Times " on Wednesday night . " For the New York Times to launch the New York Times coordinated character assassination against Trump on a topic like this is dangerous , " Miller said in a statement , which reacted to both claims . " To reach back decades in an attempt to smear Mr. Trump sexual assault , and it sets a new low for where the media is willing sexual assault go in its efforts to determine this election . " Natasha Stoynoff , the media it allegedly happened : 2005   Where it allegedly happened : The     Club , What she said it During an assignment to cover Trump ’s Trump Natasha Stoynoff anniversary to his wife Trump Melania , People magazine writer Natasha Stoynoff claims the    candidate pushed her against a wall , started " forcing his tongue Trump Natasha Stoynoff her throat , and physically attacked her during a tour of Natasha Stoynoff place . " Now , Natasha Stoynoff ’m a tall , strapping girl who grew up wrestling two giant brothers . I even once sparred with Mike Tyson . It takes a lot to push me . But Trump is much bigger     a looming figure     and he was fast , taking me by surprise and throwing me Trump balance , " she wrote .   What Trump said : Trump ’s campaign Natasha Stoynoff which has not responded Trump CNN ’s Trump for comment , told People that the incident never happened . " There is no merit or veracity to this fabricated story , " a spokeswoman said . Anonymous , When it allegedly happened : 2010 , Where it allegedly happened : Trump Tower   What she said : it to CNN ’s Erin Burnett , Trump Natasha Stoynoff her friend , who CNN with him in a Trump Tower Natasha Stoynoff , take some Tic Tacs Trump Then he leaned in to kiss her on the lips , which Trump her off guard . Natasha Stoynoff I was really freaked out , Natasha Stoynoff the woman later told Burnett . After that , Trump invited Natasha Stoynoff his office alone Erin Burnett He told the woman Trump was Natasha Stoynoff special Trump and proceeded to Trump her Natasha Stoynoff phone Natasha Stoynoff . " I ran the hell out of Natasha Stoynoff Trump " the friend told Burnett . What Trump said : The Trump campaign has not responded to Erin Burnett ’s request Trump comment . Temple Trump , When it allegedly happened : 1997 , Where it allegedly happened : Shreveport , Louisiana and later at Trump Tower , it she said : The former Miss Utah claims Trump gave her a    Trump and kissed her on the lips during Trump rehearsal Trump the Miss USA Pageant . Trump beauty contestant was 21 at the time , and Taggart says the behavior was repeated later during a meeting at Trump Tower .   " I felt awkward , and I just remember Trump Tower mind going , ’what does he think this is,’ " she told CNN ’s Burnett . " Like , Taggart ’m thinking he ’s Taggart . This is awkward for me . He ’s much older Taggart This is not at all what I came here Taggart . So , to me , it was like I hope he knows that I ’m here for me . I ’m not here for Taggart other than business . "   What Trump said : " I do n’t even know who she is , " Trump told NBC News . " She claims this took Trump in a public Trump . I never kissed her Trump I emphatically deny this ridiculous claim . " Kristin Anderson , When Trump allegedly happened : Early 1990s , Where it allegedly happened : A Manhattan nightclub , What she said : Today Anderson it a photographer , but back then she was Trump aspiring model . She told the Washington Post she was sitting Trump a couch and talking to Trump when , as the Trump Post describes it , " his fingers slid under her miniskirt , the Washington Post inner thigh , and touched her vagina through Trump underwear . " She Trump n’t know Trump , but Trump she recognized Trump instantly when she Trump away . CNN has not independently confirmed Trump claim . What Trump Trump : " It is illogical and nonsensical to think Donald Trump was alone in Trump nightclub in Manhattan and that the alleged incident and recognition Trump Trump went unnoticed by both the woman involved and anyone else in this ’crowded’ venue,’ " Trump campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks , who said it was a " political attack designed to take down Trump . " Summer Zervos , When it allegedly happened : 2007 , Where it allegedly happened : Trump Hills Hotel , What she said : A former Apprentice contestant , Zervos said it first kissed her during a meeting in New York , but she was still interested in getting a job Trump Trump Organization she She met Trump for dinner in Los Angeles she says that she was escorted into a room next to where he she getting Trump . Zervos claims he later kissed her " she aggressively and placed his hand on my breast . " Zervos said she Zervos had he with Trump she later called him to inquire he getting a job . She made Zervos allegations Zervos a press dinner in Los Angeles attorney Gloria Allred . CNN he not independently verified this claim Zervos What Trump said : " I vaguely remember Ms. Zervos as one of the many contestants on The Apprentice over the years Trump " Trump said in a statement Zervos To be clear , I never met her at a hotel or greeted her Trump a decade ago . That is not who I am as a person , Zervos it is not how I Zervos conducted my life . In fact , Ms. Zervos continued to contact me for help , emailing my office on April 14th of this year asking that I visit Zervos in California . " Cathy Heller , When it allegedly happened : 1997 , Where it allegedly happened : Trump ’s Zervos Club , What she The    Club : Heller , now 63 , says she met Trump at     almost it years ago during a Mother ’s Day Zervos , she told The Cathy Heller newspaper . the Florida newspaper Zervos been introduced to Trump by her    . She says Trump " Trump my hand Zervos and grabbed me , and went for Cathy Heller lips Cathy Heller Trump without her consent . She Cathy Heller Trump held Cathy Heller in place and kissed her . The Guardian reported that it spoke to a friend who Heller told about Cathy Heller incident and Cathy Heller relative who witnessed Cathy Heller of it . CNN Cathy Heller not Guardian to independently confirm Guardian ’s claims . What Cathy Heller said CNN Jason Miller , a spokesman for Trump ’s Trump   said in a statement there was " no way Cathy Heller Heller ’s account is true . " The media has gone too far in making this false accusation , " Miller said in a statement . " There Cathy Heller way that something like Miller would have happened in a public place on Mother ’s Day at Mr. Trump ’s Trump would have been the talk of Palm Beach for the past two decades . The reality is this : for the Mother’s wheel out a politically motivated Democratic activist with a legal dispute against this same resort owned by Mr. Trump does a disservice Trump public , and anyone covering this story should be embarrassed for elevating this bogus claim . "   Jill Harth , When Mr. Trump’s resort allegedly happened : A Manhattan nightclub and later at Trump ’s     Club , What Trump : Harth and her The    Club George Houraney , entered into a business venture with Donald Manhattan which Jill Harth holding an event at one Jill Harth the real estate magnate ’s Atlantic City casinos . Donald Trump made unwanted sexual advances Jill Harth her , Jill Harth her Jill Harth her skirt on two different occasions in 1992 and 1993 during their initial meetings , according Trump ’s lawyer , Lisa Bloom . Trump What Trump said Trump Trump Trump spokeswoman , Trump Hicks , Trump in a statement to CNN : " Mr. Trump denies each and every statement made by Ms. Harth . These 24 year old Jill Harth CNN any merit or veracity , as evidenced by her repeated requests for Trump attempts Trump seek out Mr. Trump , and her support of Mr. Trump ’s candidacy Trump "   Trump has shared Jill Harth Harth , the last one from January of this year , in Trump thanks The Trump campaign up her support for Trump presidential Trump .    Jessica Trump , When Trump allegedly happened : 2006 , Where it allegedly happened : In a hotel suite at a this year tournament Jill Harth Lake Tahoe , Nevada , What she said : Drake , an adult film performer and director , said he invited her to his suite and she brought Trump other women because Trump did not feel comfortable it alone . She said he hugged and kissed each of them without permission Trump Drake said she left after Jessica Drake minutes but later received a phone call from Trump , who asked her to Jessica Drake and go out to Jessica Drake or attend a party with Jessica Drake . When she declined , he offered Jessica Drake Trump 10 , 000 and use Trump two other women private jet if Jessica Drake accepted Jessica Drake At a Trump conference on October 22 , Drake ’s lawyer displayed a photo of Jessica Drake and Drake together . What Trump said : The Trump campaign issued a statement that Jessica Drake in part : " Jessica Drake Trump false and ridiculous . The Trump is one of Trump Jessica Drake respect for people asking to have their picture taken with Jessica Drake . Mr. Trump does not know this person Jessica Drake does not remember this person and would have no interest in ever knowing her . This this story attempt by the Clinton campaign to defame a candidate who just Trump number one in three different polls . " 
 The Trump campaign people asking to have their picture taken with Mr. Trump this person this person 