Glenn Beck was left " steamed " after Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump crashed Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump caucus speech at a Nevada high school Tuesday evening , where the talk radio host had been speaking in support of Sen. Ted Cruz . [ A small audience at Palo Verde High School in Summerlin listened as Glenn Beck stumped for Sen. Ted Cruz ahead of the final voting . Under Nevada caucus rules , a designated surrogate is allowed to speak on behalf of a presidential candidate for up to two minutes while    consider behalf of a presidential candidate votes .   In his speech , Beck , who last week invited supporters to fast for a Sen. Ted Cruz victory in the Nevada caucus , said his ’d spent five years watching Sen. Ted Cruz " carefully . " " America was great not because of a president , but America was great because of two reasons , " his said . " The Constitution of America , and that its people America good . We have almost lost our country We our Constitution We " But as his spoke , Trump arrived at Palo Verde High School , drawing the crowd and the network TV cameras quickly away from his speech .   MSNBC happened to have live cameras rolling when Trump entered the Trump : Roll Call ’s Emily Cahn posted several tweets in the aftermath of the interruption : . @glennbeck is speaking on behalf of @tedcruz in Summerlin . # Nevadacaucus pic . twitter .    —    Emily Cahn ( @CahnEmily ) February 24 , 2016 ,   . @realDonaldTrump shows up as @glennbeck speaks . Room goes wild ! # Nevadacaucus pic . twitter .    —    Emily Cahn ( @CahnEmily ) February 24 , 2016 ,   Chants of " Trump ! Trump ! Trump Trump " Trump out as the Republican frontrunner entered the high school and spoke to supporters , who virtually mobbed the candidate in the hopes of speaking with him . In the candidate interview on Fox News Wednesday morning , Trump said he Trump n’t Trump to crash Beck ’s speech .   " When I walked in , I saw he was at Trump podium and there were thousands of people in the room . Not too many people were listening to him   — Trump he ’s not Trump very good guy to listen to , frankly , he ’s boring Trump " Trump said . Trump And so when I walked in , everybody saw me , the place went crazy . They all ran away from him , his Trump crowd Trump and he was standing Trump there talking to nobody , and he steamed out Trump the room , the room added . Trump And I did n’t do it on purpose , but I happened to be there , and I ’ll bet you 95 percent of the people in that room in that particular area were with us . " Trump ultimately won Trump Nevada caucus by a massive margin , edging    finisher Sen. Marco Rubio by a full 22 points . Cruz finished third with 21 . 4 percent . Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter @dznussbaum . 
 