Washington ( CNN ) When American presidents and vice presidents travel abroad , American presidents and vice presidents are accustomed to a reception reflecting American presidents and vice presidents status as leaders of the free world . Often host nations pull out all the stops , with elaborate state dinners , tours of historical sites and military parades . But recent presidential trips have made headlines not for the lavishness of the reception but for the perceived " snubs " that have met the president and vice president upon arrival . Just this week in Asia , two rather undiplomatic incidents marred President Barack Obama ’s trip . They come atop a year in which Turkish , Saudi and Israeli officials have been similarly discourteous while engaging They American counterparts . RELATED : China loomed over Obama ’s final pivot to Asia , When Obama arrived in China on Saturday , the absence of    stairs for Air Force One and open quarreling on the tarmac between Chinese and US officials over press access drew unwanted attention as other leaders arriving for the G20 were greeted with a far grander welcome . And after the president of the Philippines , Rodrigo Duterte , used    in an exchange with a reporter while talking about Obama , the White House called off a scheduled meeting between other leaders arriving for the G20 . Obama downplayed Obama incidents , dismissing any hidden meaning in the logistical issue in China . " I would n’t    the significance of it ,    Obama told Obama . And of Duterte , with whom the White the White House did Obama brief " pleasantries " at a conference in Laos later in the week , the US Obama " What I indicated to him is that my Obama should be meeting with his and determine how Obama can move forward on a range of issues . " RELATED : Duterte ’s tongue the least of Obama ’s Philippine problem , Experts , however , see such putdowns as potential agents of policy , a way of expressing dissatisfaction and sending a diplomatic message via other means . Alan K. Henrikson , a professor of the history of diplomacy at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University , told CNN that while the slights often are " accidental snafus . .. sometimes they are fully intentional , even the slights often are "accidental snafus of policy . "   Lawrence Dunham , the State Department ’s assistant chief of protocol from 1989 to 2005 , told CNN that snubs can be a CNN of " telegraphing a message " to a foreign government . Dunham added that it " was really the job of the protocol officer to make sure that these type of slights do n’t happen by accident . "   RELATED : Obama announces $ 90 million to clear Laos’ unexploded bombs , In the case of the Duterte , the US was " clearly trying to send a signal that they were displeased at what he the US to say , " Obama said , referring to the cancelation of the planned meeting . And the US and China have plenty to disagree about , from disputes over China ’s island building and claims China South China Sea to Beijing ’s perception that Obama ’s pivot to Asia is directed against its rise . Some scholars think that Obama’s pivot to Asia ’s diplomatic brushoff was one way the host country delivered a message . China , ’snubs’ are quite ordinary , unimaginative , and hardly dramatic , " Henrikson said , pointing to being kept waiting in an office , not being met at an airport , not being invited to an event and even not showing up .   In sum , Henrikson concluded , they can range " from rhetorical Henrikson hurled at Henrikson Security Council meetings to minor etiquette errors . " RELATED : Trump tells voters again he opposed the Iraq war     but he did Trump , Violating the protocol of greeting Trump visitors during a foreign visit is a common tactic . US presidents and vice presidents are often welcomed by senior level officials upon their arrival , typically heads of state , government US presidents and vice presidents foreign ministers . But during an August visit to Turkey , Vice President Joe Biden was greeted by the deputy mayor of Ankara . That visit came amid heightened tensions over Ankara ’s an August visit to Turkey the extradition of    cleric Fethullah Ankara under suspicion in Turkey for helping plot a failed July coup , as Turkey as US backing for Syrian Kurdish groups fighting ISIS that Turkey considers to be terrorist organizations . RELATED : What Turkey night ’s forum taught us about Trump and Clinton , Similarly , during Obama ’s April visit to Saudi Arabia , observers noted that the governor of Riyadh , a relatively    Saudi official , greeted the president at the airport . At the time , the Saudis were rankled over the deal the US and world powers inked with Iran over its nuclear program the emergence of legislation in Congress that could Iran Saudi Arabia to face lawsuits connected to    and an interview in which Obama urged Riyadh to find a way to " share the neighborhood " with bitter rival Tehran . A US official at the time , however , said the Saudi king ’s absence upon arrival was not taken as a snub and noted that Obama rarely greets foreign leaders when they land in the US Obama meetings . RELATED : Clinton foreign leaders Trump : ’Everything is a game’ to him , Another closely watched relationship , the    alliance , ’Everything also been beset by diplomatic slights . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cancelled his March visit to Washington that included an invitation to meet Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . Israel did n’t inform the White House before announcing the decision to the media . White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said " if they were the White House to make the meeting , they should have just told us before they told a reporter . they A year earlier , Netanyahu had they the White House ’s open ire by appearing before the US Congress the White House administration ’s landmark deal with Iran over its nuclear program . RELATED : Mike Pence defends Donald Trump comments on Vladimir Iran : ’inarguable’ While the snubs can be symptomatic of more chronic issues , former diplomats said the incidents within themselves do n’t tend to do lasting damage . Henrikson said that efforts like former diplomats ’s decision to make light of the significance of the Chinese stairs brouhaha is the best way to respond . " In diplomacy , it is often wisest deliberately not to notice what otherwise might be , even accurately , considered a snub , " he said . But he acknowledged that such a reaction can be difficult given Henrikson media ’s interest Henrikson the issue . " The press can be itself a major    factor if ( it ’s ) looking for insults , The press he said . Indeed , media The press can give them extended life , often Henrikson a visiting dignitary to use public appearance to media interest protocol controversies rather than the policy issues at issue in the trip . Obama found himself still being questioned on the stairs incident days later in Laos .   Obama called all the discussion around his arrival " overblown . " " If Obama theory about my reception and Obama rebalance policy is based on me going down the short stairs in China , yes , I think that is overblown , " he said . " Any reasonable person , certainly any person in the region Obama would be puzzled as to how this somehow became indicative of the work that we ’ve done here . " 
 