’   ’ ’    Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump called    on President Barack Obama to resign because Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump didn’’t use the    words " radical Islamic terrorism " to describe the shooting at a    nightclub in Orlando . ’ ’    " Is President Barack Obama going to finally mention the the   words "radical Islamic terrorism"    Islamic terrorism ? " Trump     moments before Obama President Barack Obama the nation Sunday afternoon . " If    he doesn’’t    should    resign in disgrace ! " ’ ’    He later    up his tweet    a full statement . ’ ’    " In his remarks    , President President Barack Obama refused to    even say    words ’’ Radical Islam , ’’ " the statement read a full statement For    that reason alone , he should step    . If Hillary Clinton , after    this attack , still can not say the two words ’’ Radical Islam ’’ she    should get Hillary Clinton of this race for the Presidency . " ’ ’    In his speech ,    did not specifically use the words " radical    Islamic terrorism . " The president , however Obama call the massacre    an " act of terror . " ’ ’’ ’    Trump continued in his statement : " If Trump do not get tough and    smart real fast , we are not going to we a country anymore .    Because our leaders are    , we said this was going to happen      and it is only going to      worse . I am trying to save lives and    prevent the next terrorist    . We can’’t afford to be    politically correct anymore . " ’ ’    A gunman killed 50 people in a gay nightclub in Orlando early    Sunday . It was   and the deadliest terror    attack on US soil since   . ’ ’    Omar Mateen , the suspected shooter , reportedly pledged allegiance    to the terrorist group ISIS ( also known as the Islamic State ,    ISIL , or Daesh ) in a 911 call . ’ "    It was not immediately what the attacker ’s specific connection to    ISIS was . " ’    Business Insider has reached out to the Trump campaign for    further comment . ’ ’Presumptive Republican presidential nominee . .. ’ 
 