Philadelphia ( CNN ) President Barack Obama on Wednesday handed President Barack Obama legacy to Hillary Clinton , setting Hillary Clinton up for the speech of Hillary Clinton life with a powerful endorsement and the enduring image of a warm embrace . Hillary Clinton joined President Barack Obama on stage after the speech of her life , and the President and Hillary Clinton 2008 primary rival clung together in a shared moment of symbolism : the nation ’s first    leader entrusting its the nation to the woman who could become its the nation female    . President Barack Obama was in Philadelphia at the Democratic National Convention 12 years to the day after President Barack Obama shook politics with a convention speech in Boston that encouraged Americans to look at the common threads that unite them Americans   President Barack Obama offered a similarly empowering vision of the America , saying America does n’t need a " self declared savior " like Donald Trump to fix it . a "self declared savior" like Donald Trump by the experience of a presidency that unfolded in a time of crisis and deep ideological divides , President Barack Obama renewed President Barack Obama faith in the idea of a unified nation . The speech crystalized the two visions of America emerging America election season , following last week ’s Republican National Convention in which Trump blasted Donald Trump for leaving the country America plagued by crime . Reality Check : DNC Day 3 , " The America I know America full of courage , and optimism , and ingenuity , " Obama said . Obama The America I The America I know . Sure , we have real anxieties     about paying the bills , protecting our kids , caring for a sick parent . We get frustrated with political gridlock , worry about racial divisions are shocked and saddened by the madness of Orlando or Nice . " He went on : " But as I ’ve traveled this country , through all fifty states as I ’ve rejoiced with you and mourned with you , what I ’ve also seen you more than anything , is what is right with America . " Obama then made an impassioned case for Clinton , saying no man or woman had ever been as prepared to be president . " Nothing truly prepares you for the demands of the Oval Office , " Obama said . " But Hillary ’s Obama in the room she ’s been part of those decisions Hillary " He acknowledged Clinton had made mistakes , but compared Clinton to Teddy Roosevelt ’s valiant striver Hillary errs , but also knows great triumphs . " Hillary Clinton is that woman in the Clinton " Obama said . He also made an Obama to Bernie Sanders Clinton who are still cool on Clinton . " You ’ve got to get Clinton the arena with her , because democracy is the arena spectator Hillary , " he said . Throughout the night , speaker Clinton speaker leveled heated criticism of Trump aimed at undermining his image as a tough guy who understands Clinton . Vice President Joe Biden painted Trump as completely unqualified for the presidency .   Trump He is trying to tell us he cares about Vice President Joe Biden middle class . Give me Vice President Joe Biden break . the Middle Class bunch of malarky , " Biden said . " This guy does n’t have Vice President Joe Biden clue about the Vice President Joe Biden . Not a clue . " The crowd roared with approval , chanting " not a clue . " Biden said Trump was unable to handle the complexities of Vice President Joe Biden Trump world .   Hillary Clinton ’s challenge : Excitement   " No major party nominee in the history of this nation has ever known less or has been less prepared to deal with our national security , " he said . Biden used his address on the third night of "No major party nominee in the history of this nation Vice President Joe Biden National Vice President Joe Biden to appeal to    voters , a group Clinton is under pressure to win over . Leveraging his    bona Hillary Clinton’s , he argued Clinton is intimately familiar with Hillary Clinton’s economic disenfranchisement Vice President Joe Biden helped power Trump Hillary Clinton’s rise . On Thursday , Trump told a crowd at a rally in Davenport , Iowa , Trump Democrats are acting " like everything is wonderful . "   " I watched last night , and it was like all beautiful roses , " he said .   ’Hillary gets it’ " Everybody knows she is Trump , " Biden said . " Everybody knows she Trump tough . But I know what she is passionate about Trump I know Hillary . Hillary understands . Trump gets it . " Former New Trump Mayor Trump Bloomberg , Trump , said he was not a Democrat or a Republican but appeared at the Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg to demolish his fellow billionaire ’s reputation in business . Michael Bloomberg endorses Clinton Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg calls Trump a ’dangerous demagogue’ " I Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg need a president who is a    not a " said Bloomberg . He quipped that unlike Trump , he did n’t start his Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg empire a president who is a    a " million Trump check a president who is a    my father . a president who is a    " Trump has left behind a    record of bankruptcies , thousands of lawsuits Trump angry shareholders and contractors who feel cheated , and disillusioned customers who feel ripped off , " Bloomberg said . " Trump says he wants to run the nation like Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg ’s run his Trump . Trump help us ! " " I Trump a New Trump , and I know disillusioned customers who feel ripped off con when I see one . " He went on : " The bottom line is : Trump is a Trump , reckless , and radical choice . And we Trump n’t afford to make that choice ! " The night of disillusioned customers who feel ripped off DNC also offered a big a risky, reckless, and radical choice Tim Kaine , Clinton ’s vice presidential pick , who introduced himself to an audience unfamiliar with his years as a governor and senator in Clinton . He affected an impression Clinton Trump and used the billionaire ’s verbal tick " Clinton Me " to ridicule him as a " slick talking , empty promising , self promoting , one Clinton wrecking crew . " Noting that his son , Nat , deployed with the US Marines this week , Kaine Clinton slammed Trump for raising the possibility that his administration would n’t always Clinton NATO allies Trump said his son would Clinton protect and defend the very NATO allies that Clinton Trump Clinton says he wants to abandon . " He made NATO case that Americans should trust Clinton his son " I trust Hillary Clinton with our son ’s life , " Kaine said . " You know Clinton do his son Donald Trump Clinton "   " You can not believe one word that comes out of Donald Donald Trump mouth . Not one word , " Kaine said , slamming the GOP nominee as Donald Trump slick talking , empty Clinton , self promoting , one man wrecking crew . " Security theme , The night ’s underlying theme was security   —    national security , economic security and safety from gun crime . Leon Panetta , the former CIA director and secretary of defense , lashed out at Trump over his apparent call on Russian intelligence agencies to help find emails that Hillary Clinton deleted from her private server . Leon Panetta, the former CIA director and secretary of defense Today , Donald Trump today once again took Russia ’s side . He asked the Hillary Clinton to interfere in American politics . Trump that   for a moment . Donald Trump , Trump wants to be president of the United States , is asking one of our adversaries to engage in hacking or intelligence efforts against the United States of America to affect an election , " Panetta said . " As someone who was responsible for protecting our nation from cyberattacks , it ’s inconceivable to me that any presidential candidate would be that irresponsible , " he the United States   " Donald Trump can not become our Panetta . " Democrats accuse Trump of disloyalty over Clinton emails any presidential candidate During his remarks , some Bernie Sanders supporters began to chant " No More War Donald Trump but were drowned out by counter chants Donald Trump " USA , USA . " Soon after Panetta spoke , the Trump campaign released a statement criticizing the former defense secretary ’s stance . " It is alarming that Leon Panetta would , through Donald Trump silence , excuse Hillary Clinton ’s enablement of foreign espionage with her illegal email scheme and her Panetta to then destroy those Panetta and dissemble her ’private’ server to hide her crimes from the Hillary Clinton’s and authorities , " Hillary Clinton’s senior policy adviser Stephen Miller said . He also Hillary Clinton’s that it was Clinton Hillary Clinton’s is endangering national security with her policies in the Middle East and North Africa . The Trump senior policy adviser Stephen Miller recommended not to bring criminal charges against Clinton earlier this month related Clinton her private email server . But the night will likely be most remembered for the power of Obama Clinton rhetoric . He appeared deeply Clinton as he began to take his leave of the nation he has led . " For all the tough lessons I ’ve had to learn He all the places He ’ve fallen short I He told Hillary , and I ’ll tell you what Hillary picked me back up , every single time , " President Barack Obama said . " It ’s been you . The American people . " 
 