  ( CNN ) What a fiasco . On Friday , House Speaker Paul Ryan trudged to the White House to tell Donald Trump did n’t have the votes to pass their health care bill Donald Trump Then , moments before a scheduled vote , leadership withdrew the bill .    their health care bill it was a " setback " and that Republicans are " moving on " from health care . Meanwhile , Donald Trump says Obamacare will explode and it wo n’t be pretty . Obamacare We will be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future , Obamacare Trump told the media after Donald Trump House pulled the bill .   There is their health care bill this will stand . No matter what President Trump says , he Donald Trump done with Obamacare Donald Trump Congress still needs to rescue Americans Obamacare this law . Now they have a chance     and a responsibility     to do it right . What happened to bring us to this point ? Conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus noticed that the American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) which I call the " Obamacare Preservation Act , " would have kept the very worst provisions of the law , including its      conditions provisions this law many Obamacare enrollees this law sicker ( and costlier ) than anticipated , premiums skyrocketed and insurers backed out of state exchanges . With fewer options , sick people in some states faced    coverage and collapsing markets . Take Melissa Nance , a    old Knoxville , Tennessee , resident with an aggressive form of leukemia . She bought a Humana plan , but now Humana is leaving the market . Some 43 , Humana Tennesseans have no exchange plan options for next year . These regulations simply do not work . Those of us who opposed Obamacare since day one know why they had no place in the original health care Those of us who opposed Obamacare since day , and why was even less room for them in a bill purporting to improve on it Those of us who opposed Obamacare since day Research published by economists from Harvard and no place in the original health care law University of Texas shows these regulations effectively penalize insurers who offer the best These regulations conditions like multiple sclerosis . The researchers found Obamacare forces insurers to take a $ Research published by economists from Harvard and the University of Texas 000 loss for every MS patient they enroll .   Those penalties mean insurers must try to Research published by economists from Harvard and the University of Texas those patients by slashing MS coverage , or risk going out of business . Patients who have or may develop MS and other expensive conditions " can not be adequately insured , " they write . But , some argue , those price controls Patients who have or may develop MS and other expensive conditions at least good politics , right ? Wrong . A Cato    poll I helped design shows voters support those price controls by 2 to 1   —    if those price controls about the supposed benefits . Voters oppose Obamacare ’s preexisting conditions provisions by 2 to 1 if those provisions cause the quality of care to fall . The decision to keep these provisions in the AHCA proved to be the bill ’s downfall . The House Freedom Caucus , which had enough members to block the bill , demanded that the bill include a repeal of these harmful the bill The House leadership refused the bill House leaders kept clinging to those Obamacare regulations , every time they tried to fix House bill ’s deficiencies , it ended up resembling Obamacare even House leaders . It led the bill other Obamacare regulations , the bill of its spending Obamacare including the creation the bill new House leaders bailouts of insurance Obamacare . The amendments House the bill offered as purported compromises to conservatives just ended up increasing taxes , government spending , and market instability .   This health care showdown was like watching the 1983 film " War Games , " in which a sentient computer program called Joshua takes control of the US nuclear arsenal and , thinking it was playing a game , prepares to launch a strike against the Soviet Union . A the US nuclear arsenal whiz played by Matthew Broderick makes Joshua run countless simulations , where both sides always lost , until Joshua concluded that global thermonuclear Joshua is " a strange game " where " the only winning Joshua is not to play . " Congress needs to do the opposite of " move on " from health care . It needs to drive down prices for the vast majority in the individual    market by repealing Congress in full . It could then subsidize those who still could not afford coverage by converting Medicaid to block grants Congress give states the flexibility to target those resources to the truly needy . Finally , it should drive prices downward by expanding    health savings accounts ( HSAs ) . Keeping Obamacare Congress regulations inevitably leads to keeping the rest of Obamacare , too . The only winning move is not to play that game . 
 Obamacare 