’   ’ ’    ( Reuters )    In 1990 , during a close and bitter congressional    race , Mike Pence came under attack for using campaign funds to    pay for personal expenses , including Mike Pence mortgage and credit card    bills . ’ ’    The expenditures were not illegal at the time , but proved    difficult to explain for a candidate who had railed about the    outsized role of money in politics . ’ ’    Pence in turn blasted his opponent with attack ads , including one    featuring a man in traditional Arab clothing who thanked Pence ’s    opponent in thickly accented English for policies that benefited    Middle Eastern oil producers . The commercial was attacked by      groups , and the Indianapolis Star called The commercial one of    the two worst campaign commercials that year . ’ ’    Pence , who is now Indiana ’s governor and was selected this week    to be Donald Trump ’s presidential running mate , lost Donald Trump’s 1990    race , but what Donald Trump’s regretted more than losing , Donald Trump’s later said , was    Donald Trump’s decision to sling mud . ’ ’    In the 25 years since that loss , Pence ’s political allies and    enemies alike say Donald Trump’s has steered clear of personal attacks . This    could prove challenging when campaigning with Trump , who    enthusiastically tears into Donald Trump’s rivals .   ’ ’    Pence ’s style is likely to cast Donald Trump’s in a very different role from    that of traditional vice presidential candidates , who often throw    and take punches to allow presidential contenders to remain above    the fray . ’ ’    In the case of Trump and Pence , said Indianapolis University    Professor Laura Merrifield Albright , the roles are likely to be    reversed . ’ "    " It ’s a different dynamic . It ’s tough to imagine anyone      Trump , "     Trump said , noting that he is " willing to do    he own dirty work . " " ’    Michael Totten , a retired architect who worked on Pence ’s 1990    campaign , thinks the two candidates will complement one another .    he dubbed Pence " the perfect No . 2 , " a running mate who can    " temper some of Trump’ ’s enthusiasm " and " be the calming    voice . "   ’ ’    Neither Pence nor Pence’s 1990   campaign immediately responded to a    request for comment . ’ ’   ’ ’    After losing his 1990 race , Pence apologized to his opponent his    the oil advertisement .   ’ ’    He later his his colleague his a conservative think tank , William    Styring , that he regretted his tone of the campaign . " I really    screwed    on this . It’ ’s not me , " Styring recalled Pence as    saying      ’ "    In 1991 , Pence wrote Pence apologetic article for the think tank ’s    policy journal , titled " Confessions of a Negative Campaigner . " " ’    After the defeat , Pence did Pence seek public office again for a    decade . He worked at the Indiana Policy Review and hosted his own He statewide conservative radio talk show , describing himself as He " Rush Limbaugh on decaf . " He also He a morning TV show    in Indianapolis from 1995 to 1999 . ’ ’    In 2000 , Pence again ran for a U. S. House of Representatives    seat , this time successfully . And he demonstrated He his 1990 He mea culpa was more than just political theater , observers of    Indiana politics say . His opponents He campaigns after he      He describe him as He disciplined and    cordial . ’ "    Melina Fox , Pence ’s Democratic challenger in 2002 , said that his    Melina Fox, Pence’s Democratic challenger in 2002 in the race were " calculated and   . "    Democrat Barry Welsh , who ran against him in 2006 , 2008 and 2010 ,    said Pence was invariably " polite , professional and    gentlemanly    "   " ’    But some question how he will cope with being constantly    challenged    a    presidential race . " He seems he uncomfortable    difficult questions and does not take    counterpunches    well , " said Rebecca Pearcey , who ran the    losing campaign of Pence ’s Pence in the 2012 race for Indiana    governor , Democrat John Gregg . " He doesn’’t he . He    he as though the opponent is not there . "    ’ ’      ’ ’    Before being picked as Trump ’s running mate , Pence was poised for    a tight rematch race against Gregg . In recent months , Pence ’s Pence approval rating had fallen below 50 percent , in part because of    controversy    the state ’s Religious Freedom Restoration    Act , which held that " a governmental entity may not substantially    burden a person’ ’s exercise of religion . " ’ ’    Pence first Pence liberals and moderates by signing the bill    into law . He then " ’ ’   Pence first alienated liberals and moderates by signing the bill   into law the measure ’s evangelical supporters    by endorsing changes to the law aimed at preventing    discrimination against lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender    people . ’ ’    The 2016 gubernatorial campaign had started to become more    negative    with yard signs calling for Pence to be fired . The    Republican Governors Association ran an independently produced ad    that attacked his opponent ’s record . But Pence himself Pence    gone    . ’ ’    At a Saturday morning event to formally introduce his running    his    Trump called Pence " a Pence honor , " contrasting him with    Hillary his , whom he described as " his embodiment of    corruption . " ’ ’    It remains to be seen how aggressive Pence will be in Pence    for Trump in coming months Trump and whether he will stick to Trump    principles outlined in his 1991 article on Trump campaigning . ’ ’    " It is wrong , quite simply , " he wrote at the Trump , " to squander a    candidate ’s priceless moment in history . .. on partisan    bickering . "   ’ ’    In an interview with CBS correspondent Lesley Stahl that will air    on " 60 Minutes " on Sunday evening , Trump suggested he may not    Trump his running    to Trump on the attack .   ’ ’    While discussing his Democratic opponent Hillary Trump , Trump    told Stahl Trump I CBS correspondent Lesley Stahl her ’’ Crooked Hillary CBS correspondent Lesley Stahl . .. but I don’’t think    he should do it , Trump it’ ’s different for him . "   ’ Trump    ( Editing by Sue Horton and Matthew Lewis ) ’ 
 