  ( CNN ) Ed Rendell , the former governor of Pennsylvania and former Democratic National Committee chairman , said Wednesday that " this was not the time " defeated Democratic nominee HIllary Clinton should have run for president . " Democratic nominee HIllary Clinton , this was not the time she Democratic nominee HIllary Clinton ’ve run for president , " Rendell said on the " Rich Zeoli Show " on 1210 WPHT Philadelphia radio . " Probably 2008 would ’ve been a better time for her Democratic nominee HIllary Clinton run for president . But it ’s just right time , right place . And again , you ’ve got to give Donald Trump a ton of credit . " Clinton Democratic nominee HIllary Clinton run for president in 2008 and lost to Barack Obama in the Democratic primary . Asked by host Rich Zeoli why Clinton Democratic nominee HIllary Clinton the support of the establishment of the Democratic party during this year ’s primary , Rendell replied it was because of her Democratic nominee HIllary Clinton ties with those in the the Democratic party " Because she Democratic nominee HIllary Clinton someone who had friends that were longtime friends and associates of the party the Democratic party ’s a great feeling , " he said . Rendell There ’s an emotional tie between a lot of Democrats around the country and Hillary Clinton . But you know , that does n’t mean that she Democratic nominee HIllary Clinton the right candidate for a general election . " He continued , Rendell And it would be interesting to think of how Bernie Sanders would ’ve done . Bernie Sanders would Bernie Sanders a few Republicans who voted for Hillary Democratic nominee HIllary Clinton of some of his economic views but Bernie Sanders would ’ve fought Bernie Sanders pretty hard for those disaffected , angry , and frustrated workers . " Earlier in the interview , Rendell praised    Donald Trump as a " great campaigner " and for turning out voters that Mitt Romney did not in 2012 . " We can say all we want about Donald We and a   Donald Trump us have said negative things We " he said . " Myself   Donald Trump . But boy   Donald Trump turned out to be   Donald Trump great campaigner . He understood what people were   Donald Trump better than anybody else in the race and he hit it right on   Donald Trump head the race just got people out to vote who almost never voted before . " Rendell also said in the interview that Clinton ’s loss in Pennsylvania was not a result of a lack of resources put into the state , criticizing the campaign ’s strategy in two other usually Democratic states that Trump won .   " Unlike Wisconsin and Michigan , where I think the Clinton campaign did n’t the campaign in and spend enough time , certainly the resources were put in here and enough resources was spent here and the campaign on the ground was terrific , " he said . Rendell further Clinton some Pennsylvania voters , male and female , who he said were reluctant to elect women to Rendell positions , saying that it was one of the reasons Clinton was the wrong presidential Clinton . 
 