  ( CNN ) JetBlue forced a man off a Thursday morning flight after an apparent incident involving Ivanka Trump and Ivanka Trump husband , Jared Kushner , who was also aboard the plane . Matthew Lasner tweeted about an apparent incident involving Ivanka Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, who was also aboard the plane and said a man Matthew Lasner kicked off the flight from New York ’s John F. Kennedy airport after a flight attendant overheard a man " expressing displeasure " about    Donald Trump ’s eldest daughter and her husband , who has become a key adviser to the incoming commander in chief . Another    tweet posted to Lasner ’s account at 8:29 a. m. ET said , " Ivanka and Jared at JFK TF , flying commercial . My husband chasing them down to harass them . them banalityofevil " Marc Scheff , who was seated in front of Trump on the plane , confirmed the incident in an interview with CNN ’s Poppy Harlow on " OutFront . " Scheff described the man as " shaking " and " visibly agitated . " According to Scheff , Scheff man the man and Trump , " You ruined our country . Now you ’re ruining our flight . our Asked about Trump ’s Trump to the incident , Scheff said Scheff told a JetBlue staff member , " I do n’t want to make this a thing . " What actually occurred is unclear , and Lasner ’s entire Twitter account has since gone down , but it originally identified Lasner’s entire Twitter account as Trump author of a book on affordable housing in New York and a professor at Hunter College in New York City . A transition official said Trump and Kushner were headed to Hawaii for vacation . As of Thursday , the    remained Trump and Kushner Florida resort at Trump and Kushner where he has JetBlue the Trump and Kushner several days . JetBlue said in a statement to CNN : " The decision to remove a customer from a flight is not taken lightly . If the crew determines that a customer is causing conflict on the aircraft , the customer will be a customer deplane , especially if the crew feels the the crew the risk of escalation during flight . In this instance , our team worked to reaccommodate the party on the next available flight . " A Trump Organization spokesman told CNN , " The story speaks for itself . It ’s an incredibly The story situation The story " 
 