  ( CNN ) Former President George H. W. Bush said Monday that Former President George H. W. Bush will vote for Hillary Clinton in November , according to sources close to the 41st President     an extraordinary rebuke of Former President George H. W. Bush own party ’s nominee . sources close to the 41st President     said this was not the first time Former President George H. W. Bush had disclosed Former President George H. W. Bush intention to vote for Hillary Clinton . The comments came during a receiving line for board members of the bipartisan Points of Light Foundation when Former President George H. W. Bush was speaking to Kathleen Hartington Kennedy Townsend , Robert F. Kennedy ’s daughter and the former Maryland lieutenant governor . There were roughly 40 people in the room , and it ’s not clear how many people heard him ’s daughter and the former Maryland lieutenant governor though multiple sources did . The Republican former president ’s embrace of the Democratic nominee represents a dramatic new chapter in the complicated     relationship between the two most prominent families in American politics . It ’s a stunning political move     one that comes just 49 days from the election , and less than a week before Clinton and Donald Trump square off in their Clinton and Donald Trump debate . Trump Donald Trump manager , Kellyanne Conway , told CNN ’s Erin Burnett Tuesday that she respects Erin Burnett the     former president very much and his decision the    former president " " It is ironic that he would the    former president for the wife of the man who knocked him out the    former president the race , " she added Erin Burnett " Erin Burnett OutFront . " " But look , this was a bruising primary . .. so I know there are a lot of hurt feelings there . "   News of his support the    former president Clinton came first on Facebook , when Kennedy Townsend posted a photo of herself with Clinton H. W. Bush , along with the caption : " The President Clinton he ’s voting Clinton Hillary ! ! "   Kennedy Townsend sits Kennedy Townsend advisory board of the Points of Light Foundation . Bush family representatives declined George H. W. Bush respond publicly .   " The vote President Bush will cast George H. W. Bush private citizen in some 50 days will be just that : a private vote cast in some 50 days . He is not commenting Kennedy Townsend the presidential race in the interim , " Bush spokesman Jim McGrath said George H. W. Bush a statement . But sources with knowledge of the conversation told CNN they were surprised and disappointed sources with knowledge of the conversation Kennedy Townsend had publicly shared a private conversation with the former president . Kennedy Townsend declined to comment Kennedy Townsend spokesman at the Rock Creek Group , where she works as managing director . Kennedy Townsend later took down the Facebook Kennedy Townsend .   GOP ’s Trump divide , Trump ’s controversial candidacy has split GOP’s Trump divide of former Republican nominees . Mitt Romney has hammered Trump in speeches and on Twitter , GOP’s Trump divide him unfit for office . But former Mitt Romney Sen. Bob Dole has endorsed Trump , as has Arizona Sen. John GOP’s Trump divide     though somewhat reluctantly , often referring to " the Republican nominee " rather than Trump by name .   Neither George GOP’s Trump divide W. Bush nor George W. Bush had weighed in on the general election     even as Trump savaged George W. Bush ’s decision GOP’s Trump divide go to war in Iraq . However , many of the 41st and 43rd presidents’ Cabinet secretaries and national security officials have backed Clinton .   George H. W. Bush national security adviser George H. W. Bush in June , saying she " has the wisdom Clinton experience to lead our Clinton at this critical time . " George W. Bush Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez said on CNN George H. W. Bush " would have preferred Jeb Bush , but I think Hillary is George W. Bush Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez great choice . George H. W. Bush George H. W. Bush Donald Trump would do to Clinton country . "   And Louis Wade Sullivan , the Health and Human Services secretary our country H. W. Bush and the only    in his Cabinet , said this month that " though my enthusiasm for Hillary Clinton is somewhat tempered George H. W. Bush I certainly believe she is an infinitely better choice for Clinton Donald Trump . "   But George H. Clinton Bush is n’t speaking for his entire family . Marvin Bush , the former president George H. W. Bush has said he would vote for Libertarian George H. W. Bush Johnson . George George H. W. Bush , George H. W. Bush ’s grandson , has backed Trump George H. W. Bush   And Jeb Bush , Trump ’s George H. W. Bush , has said George H. W. Bush Trump or Clinton .   A representative for Donald Trump W. Bush would George H. W. Bush on Kennedy Donald Trump Facebook post or how George H. W. George P. Bush, George H. W. Bush’s grandson would vote . The Donald Trump simply said George W. Bush is George H. W. Bush time working to keep the Senate in Republican hands and is not commenting George H. W. Bush . " The    relationship , The A representative for George W. Bush between George H. W. Bush Clinton families began in 1992 George H. W. Bush when Bill Clinton ran against     and defeated     incumbent President George H. W. Bush . Eight years later , with Clinton    out of office , Bush George H. W. Bush son ,    Gov. George W. Bush , succeeded Clinton Clinton pledge to " restore honor and dignity " to the White House     a     knock on Clinton ’s Clinton . George H. W. Bush Bill Clinton and George H. W. Bush have also spent their    teaming up Clinton philanthropic endeavors . And in recent years , Bill Clinton and George W. Bush have increasingly appeared together . Clinton two grew so close that George Clinton has referred to Clinton as his " brother from Bill Clinton and George H. W. Bush , " and Clinton has said the two bonded over becoming Clinton Bill Clinton and George H. W. Bush in the George H. W. Bush , it appeared the two families could be headed for another showdown Clinton the George H. W. Bush line : Hillary Clinton was seeking Clinton George H. W. Bush nomination , while former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush     the 41st president ’s son and the 43rd president ’s brother     was a Republican candidate and a fundraising powerhouse .   Even if George H. W. Bush had Clinton Hillary Clinton , it was hard to envision him backing Trump . Neither of the former Bush presidents attended the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , where Trump became the GOP ’s nominee     with the Bush family staying out of presidential politics after Jeb Clinton denounced repeatedly by Trump as " " exited the race .   CLARIFICATION : This story has George H. W. Bush updated to clarify the context in which George H. W. Bush H. W. Bush made his comment about voting for Hillary Trump . 
 George H. W. Bush George H. W. Bush George H. W. Bush Trump 