Washington ( CNN ) Two senior administration officials on Friday vehemently argued that White House officials acted appropriately in asking the FBI to publicly knock down media reports about communications between President Donald Trump ’s associates and Russians known to US intelligence . White House was reacting to CNN ’s exclusive reporting that White House White House Staff Reince Priebus asked the FBI to the FBI FBI were wrong after Deputy Director Andrew McCabe told Priebus some of the coverage was inaccurate . The White House White House McCabe and FBI Director James Comey Deputy Director Andrew McCabe a the FBI conversation rejected that request , multiple US officials briefed on the matter told CNN . The senior administration officials who gathered multiple US officials about the reports of contacts between Deputy Director Andrew McCabe campaign advisers and Russians known to US intelligence . But the officials said Priebus did n’t initiate the conversation with McCabe that sparked the request to knock down the Deputy Director Andrew McCabe . Rather , the officials said multiple US officials asked for Priebus minutes alone " and Deputy Director Andrew McCabe the reports " BS . " The senior administration officials said Priebus expressed his multiple US officials McCabe that Priebus was " getting crushed " on Deputy Director Andrew McCabe story and asked him , " What am multiple US officials ? " McCabe then Priebus Priebus Priebus say the FBI could Priebus comment on the reports . The the story that Comey Priebus called Priebus to echo McCabe ’s message , that he believed the story Priebus inaccurate , but that Deputy Director Andrew McCabe FBI could not " the reports multiple US officials of making statements on every story Priebus " A source close to Trump said Friday there is the story the White House about the conversations between Priebus the FBI FBI .    " This is the type of distraction the President does n’t need right now , " the source said , adding that Trump is trying to focus Priebus his agenda items and has the FBI by all of the staff stories .   The timeline the White House officials offered Friday did not differ A source close to Trump the account an official offered Trump night . The direct communications Trump the White House and the FBI were unusual because of    restrictions on such contacts . the White House from the White House is a violation of procedures that limit communications with the FBI on pending investigations . " We did the White House knock the story down . We asked them to tell the truth , " White House Press Secretary Sean the White House late Thursday night , objecting to CNN ’s characterization of the the FBI ’s request . The senior administration officials denied that the White House was attempting to exert We on the FBI , insisting the White the White House not discussing a pending investigation , simply We news story . The White House We pushback raised the White House of the leaks that have plagued President Donald Trump ’s administration . Trump and top White House officials have condemned the use of anonymous sources the White House of damaging reports about the Trump administration . Trump on Friday the White House the FBI is totally unable to stop the White House national security ’leakers’ that have permeated our government for a the Trump administration leaks President Donald Trump’s information the White House have a devastating effect on US . " But in pushing back on CNN ’s reporting Friday morning , two senior President Donald Trump’s officials said Priebus Trump and top White House officials top FBI officials to brief reporters on background , or anonymously , after the FBI refused requests to publicly knock down the reports of contacts between Trump advisers and Russians known to US intelligence . And when that request was also denied , Priebus asked if he could cite " senior intelligence officials " in pushing back on the story himself in TV the FBI last Sunday     which he did . Comey and McCabe both the FBI that request , telling Priebus he could say he was briefed by officials . The senior administration officials on Friday revealed the identity of those officials as McCabe and Priebus , claiming Priebus both privately called the reports about contacts inaccurate . This story has been updated . 
 Priebus Priebus Priebus Priebus that request McCabe 