’’ " As a movement to boycott businesses that do business with the Trump family heats up , Macy ’s is under pressure to dump Ivanka Trump ’s fashion brand . " " With Nordstrom announcing on Thursday that Macy had   reportedly due to declining sales , customers have taken to Macy social media pages to demand the retailer do the same . " ’"Nordstrom dumped Trump Ivanka Trump’s please follow suit , " reads one of many similar comments on   " I would never put plastic Ivanka Ivanka Trump’s on my little daughter . " ’ "   I have cc for 15 yrs & spent 1000s . I will no longer b shopping at Macy Macy until every product    Trump is Ivanka Trump’s . " " One customer claimed she was Ivanka Trump’s by a customer service representative that the company Ivanka Trump’s the process of dropping Ivanka ’s apparel and shoe lines . Macy Macy did n’t immediately respond to Business Insider ’s request for comment . " ’ ’t’t’tCalled to cancel   credit card as its stores carry ’ family products . Told decision to stop is in the works . True ?   ’ " The pressure seems to be coming from inside the Macy well . According to an internal source at Macy ’s Macy some corporate employees are uncomfortable with their roles selling and some corporate employees Ivanka Trump ’s brand following the election of Donald Trump . " ’"Hopefully they stop , " some corporate employees internal Macy’ ’s source told Business Insider,"They can’’t lose any more money than they already are . Business Insider,"They can’’t ’ " Currently , almost every Ivanka Trump branded item available on Macy ’s website is being sold at a discount . While many of the sales can be linked to    deals , some discounts are more stark , such as a " ’’ ’The movement to boycott retailers that do business with the Trump family began in October , when ’ ’’ ’"The Ivanka Trump brand continues to expand across categories and distribution with increased customer support , leading us to experience significant     revenue growth in 2016 , " Rosemary K. Young , Ivanka Trump’ ’s senior director of marketing , said in a statement on Friday . " We believe that the Rosemary K. Young, Ivanka Trump’ of a brand is measured not only by the profits it generates , but a brand integrity it maintains . " a brand ’The retailer’ ’s history with the Trump family’ ’s retail business extends back before the election . Macy’ ’s stopped selling Trump’ ’s menswear line   —    which includes suits , ties , and accessories   —    after he referred to Mexican immigrants as " rapists . " ’ ’Despite this , the retailer has continued ’Despite this Ivanka Trump’ ’s line . Trump’ , Macy’ ’s is on Grab Your Wallet’ ’s " Top 10 " list of brands to boycott , and has been classified as one of the " most boycottable " brands by the movement . ’ " If you work at Macy ’s or Ivanka Trump , and have knowledge of the situation , email retail@businessinsider . com . " ’As a movement to boycott businesses that . .. ’ 
 