WASHINGTON   —    Jared Kushner , the     of    Donald J. Trump , has spoken to a lawyer about the possibility of joining the new administration , a move that could violate federal    law and risk legal challenges and political backlash . WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner ’s eldest daughter , Ivanka , and an influential adviser to his     during the presidential campaign , had been WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner to return to his private businesses after Election Day . But on WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner morning after Mr. Trump won , Mr. Kushner began discussing taking Mr. Trump in the WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner , according to two people briefed on the conversations who requested anonymity to describe Mr. Kushner ’s thinking . Mr. Trump is urging his WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner join him in the White Mr. Trump according to one Mr. Trump the people briefed Mr. Trump The the White House is shared by Stephen K. Bannon , the chief strategist for the White House , and Reince Priebus , who was named chief of staff . the White House Mr. Trump to the White House on Thursday WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner the    held his Mr. Trump meeting with President Obama . Mr. the White House WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner influential , if not as well known WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner Manhattan as his    . Mr. Kushner is a real estate mogul in his own WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner who , WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner Trump , runs a company founded by WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner father . His influence extends to the news media : He owns The WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner York Observer WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner And his family ’s wealth rivals that WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner the Trump clan , which he joined WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner 2009 when he married Ivanka . Mr. Kushner has already figured WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner in the tumultuous start WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner the transition . WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner involved in the effort to oust Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey , WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner as a federal prosecutor jailed Mr. Kushner ’s father , Charles B. Kushner , more than a decade ago . WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner systematically fired those Mr. Christie had selected for the effort . Transition officials have rejected claims that Mr. Kushner was involved in a payback effort and pointed to Mr. Christie ’s troubles after two the effort to oust Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, who as a federal prosecutor jailed Mr. Kushner’s father, Charles B. Kushner, more than a decade ago in the George Washington Bridge traffic scandal in New Jersey . They also suggested that the preliminary transition work those Mr. Christie . Mr. Trump ’s desire to add Mr. Kushner to his administration gives weight to speculation that he intends Transition officials run the White House the WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner runs his businesses , relying heavily on his children and delegating essential duties to Mr. Trump . And it adds another element Mr. Trump unpredictability to an unconventional handover of power , Mr. Trump there Mr. Trump signs on Thursday that Mr. Mr. Trump ’s transition operation was edging toward his children after its the White House first week . Mr. Trump sat down with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan , his first    session with a world leader since winning the White House . Mr. Trump’s transition operation clearer picture also emerged Mr. Trump’s figures who have Mr. Trump’ ’s ear . Among them is Mr. Trump’s . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , a retired intelligence officer who a top transition team official said was Mr. Trump ’s choice for national security adviser , and Senator the figures who have Mr. Trump’ Sessions , the Alabama Republican who is under consideration to be attorney general or secretary of state . On Capitol Mr. Trump’s    Mike Pence told House Republicans to " buckle up " in anticipation of a packed legislative session . Mr. Trump ’s aides held their first scheduled daily conference call with reporters while transition officials whose work had been stalled by    in Trump Tower began work with their Obama administration counterparts on Mr. Trump’s . But the prospect aides Mr. Kushner might end up in the West Wing remained a concern to some people close to the    who said he would aides become a target for media and legal attacks if he took the unorthodox step . Mr. Kushner has consulted with at least one lawyer and believes that by forgoing a salary and Mr. Kushner his investment fund , his real estate holdings and The New Mr. Kushner Observer into a blind trust Mr. Kushner would not be bound by federal nepotism rules , according to one of the people briefed . Mr. Kushner lawyers in both Mr. Kushner said that such an arrangement would violate a federal statute designed to prevent Mr. Kushner ties from influencing the functioning of the United States government . Under a 1967 law enacted after John F. Kennedy installed his brother , Robert F. Kennedy , as attorney general , no public official can hire a family member   —    including one related by marriage   —    to an agency or office over John F. Kennedy he has authority . A separate statute also makes it a crime , punishable by a fine and up to two years of prison time , for government employees to accept voluntary services that are not John F. Kennedy by law , except in emergency situations . A separate statute    law " would seem to block out Kushner flatly , " said Norman L. Eisen , who served as Mr. Obama ’s ethics counsel during his transition and at the White House . If law to try to skirt it by having Mr. Kushner advise him in a volunteer capacity , he added , he " would be treading upon very Kushner statutory and constitutional grounds . " " When push comes to shove , on the very hardest calls Kushner a president Mr. Trump you want the president ’s Mr. Trump to remember Mr. Trump their oath or affirmation to the Constitution comes first , before family ties , " Mr. Eisen said . " You need to be able to say no . You need to be able to hold the line . You need to be able to threaten to resign , and you need to be able to actually resign . You ca n’t resign from being somebody ’s    . " Richard W. Painter , an ethics counsel to George W. Bush , said he remembered having to inform a senior official serving Mr. Bush that he was legally barred from granting a White House internship to his son . Mr. Painter based his decision on a reading of the    law by Richard W. Painter, an ethics counsel to George W. Bush Justice Department ’s Office Mr. Painter Richard W. Painter, an ethics counsel to George W. Bush , which barred the president from doing so for his Richard W. Painter, an ethics counsel to George W. Bush child . " I told him : ‘ Jimmy Carter could Mr. Painter do it . If the president of the United States could n’t do it , I ca n’t do it for your kid,’ " Mr. Painter recalled . " I got Mr. Painter " Mr. Trump could the president to circumvent Jimmy Carter’s , the lawyers said , by ‘ that he has broad executive authority as president to choose his ‘ . But that move would ‘ invite a legal challenge , forcing a court to decide whether the president ’s executive authority to choose his advisers takes precedent over a law passed by Congress that bans nepotism Mr. Trump the government . Mr. Trump could also try Mr. Trump invoke the example of Hillary Clinton . A 1993 decision by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit held that the president’s Clinton , whom President Bill Clinton had appointed to lead his health care task force , was acting as a    government employee and therefore the panel could shield its meetings and records from the public . The decision hinted that the    statute might not have been meant to apply to the White House or to unpaid President Bill Clinton . But the ruling also said the first lady had a unique and widely recognized role in helping a   government employee president to carry out his duties   A 1993 decision by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit she had an office in the White House and a staff   —    a distinction that would not apply to Mr. Kushner . The Clintons paid a steep political price for insisting that Mrs. Clinton had a right to serve on the task the president , ultimately losing both the first lady Senate and the House the White House Republicans assailed what they portrayed as a White House run amok . " You can try to wiggle your way around the law , but you ’ve got to realize the political reality that this is prohibited under the statute , " Mr. Painter said . the White House ’s a power grab . It ’s The Clintons overreach . " the White House of Mr. Kushner ’s role also highlights a broader challenge facing Mr. Trump and his children as he assumes the presidency : how to separate his role as leader of the country from his vast real estate and business empire and avoid conflicts of interest It Even if Mr. Kushner placed his own holdings in a blind trust , his marriage to Ms. Trump poses an inherent Mr. Kushner’s according to Mr. Kushner’s experts , because he would have access Mr. Kushner’s his wife to information about Mr. Trump Mr. Kushner’s businesses that the    should be barred WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner knowing . 
 WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 