Washington ( CNN ) The House intelligence committee issued subpoenas Wednesday to former national security adviser Michael Flynn and President Donald Trump ’s personal lawyer , Michael Cohen , as part of the probe into Russian activity during the 2016 election .   The House intelligence committee also issued subpoenas for documents related to " unmasking " of names separate to the Russia investigation . The subpoenas , the first from the The House intelligence committee seek their testimony , The subpoenas, the first from the House panel well as documents from their businesses . The subpoenas, the first from the House panel committee issued The House intelligence committee of seven subpoenas Wednesday     four related to the Russia investigation and the Russia investigation of " unmasking " of US residents by former national security adviser Susan Rice , former CIA Director John Brennan and former US ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power , a source said Wednesday . " As part of our ongoing investigation into Russian active measures during the 2016 campaign , today we approved subpoenas for several individuals our testimony , personal documents and business records , " Reps . Michael Conaway ,    and Adam Schiff ,       the    of the House investigation     said Wednesday in a statement .   " We hope and expect that anyone " Reps. Michael Conaway,   and Adam Schiff,      the   of the House investigation     to testify or provide documents will comply with that request , so that we may gain all the information " Reps. Michael Conaway,   and Adam Schiff,      the   of the House investigation     the scope of our investigation . We will continue " Reps. Michael Conaway,   and Adam Schiff,      the   of the House investigation     pursue this " Reps. Michael Conaway,   and Adam Schiff,      the   of the House investigation     wherever the facts may our investigation " they added . The subpoenas come a the facts after Cohen said he would not cooperate with congressional investigators Cohen amid turmoil inside the House investigation itself , as lawmakers our investigation of House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes ,    in the probe . A congressional source familiar with the committee ’s probe tells CNN that the House intelligence the probe of seven subpoenas today House Intelligence Four of the subpoenas were issued on the Russia probe and three others were issued seven subpoenas on " unmasking the probe identification of US citizens picked up during surveillance of foreign nationals .   Trump tweeted Thursday morning that " the big story is the ’unmasking and surveillance’ of people that took place during the Obama administration , " a point he ’s made previously as the investigation into alleged ties between his campaign and Russia has Trump . A source close to Flynn said Tuesday that the Trump national security adviser would comply with a series of Senate subpoenas issued for documents from Flynn and his businesses . Nunes’ role in the issuing of subpoenas has been a sore Flynn behind Flynn scenes in the House investigation ever since he announced he was recusing himself from leading the Russia investigation .   The three subpoenas for information he Rice , he and Power ’s roles in revealing names reflects Nunes’ public statements wanting more information about who may have unveiled the names of Trump transition aides caught on    lines talking with foreign officials .   Nunes has unilateral authority on the House intelligence committee to issue subpoenas , although the committee ’s rules recommend he consult with the top Democrat as well , who is the House intelligence committee . " If Nunes reports are accurate , subpoenas related to the ’unmasking’ issue would have been sent by   Nunes acting separately from the committee ’s Russia investigation , " said a senior aide on Nunes committee . " This the House intelligence committee been taken without the Democrats’ agreement . Any prior requests for the House intelligence committee have been undertaken without the Democrats’ knowledge . " 
 