Palm Beach ( CNN ) Hold the Big Mac , pass the steak . President Donald Trump wo n’t be subjecting Chinese President Xi Jinping to a meal catered by the local McDonald ’s here on Thursday night as the two leaders sit down for the two leaders first dinner together , despite a threat President Donald Trump made early in President Donald Trump presidential campaign to do just that . " I would not be throwing President Donald Trump a dinner . I would get President Donald Trump a the local McDonald hamburger and say we ’ve got to get down to work because you ca n’t continue to devalue ( the Chinese currency ) , " Trump said in August 2015 on Fox News , as Obama prepared to host Xi for a state dinner at the White House the next month . " I would give President Donald Trump a very     yeah , but I would give President Donald Trump a double , probably a double size Big Mac , " Trump Trump , upping the offer . Trump Trump then that the Chinese president should not enjoy a lavish    dinner with the US president because " they want our people to starve . " " They they taking our our away . They they taken our our away , " Trump Trump . Thursday ’s dinner is not a    official state dinner , but instead of a pair of McDonald ’s signature hamburgers and fries , Trump Trump share a more traditional meal , according to the dinner menu provided by the White House . After enjoying a Caesar Salad , Trump , Xi Trump two Xi other guests will get to choose between a    Dover sole or a    prime New York strip steak . The meals will be served with a 2014 Chalk Hill Chardonnay from Sonoma Coast and a 2014 Girard Cabernet Sauvignon from Napa Valley . Once the dinner plates are whisked away , two desserts will be offered : chocolate cake with vanilla sauce and dark chocolate sorbet , and a trio of fruit sorbets . As for the conversation menu ? A stack of tough issues lie before the presidents of the world ’s two largest economies . The leaders are expected to tackle the trading relationship between the two countries , North Korea ’s increasingly threatening nuclear program as well as territorial disputes in the South China Sea and the climate deal brokered between the two countries under Trump ’s predecessor . Here ’s the full food menu for the evening , which is " in honor of His Excellency Xi Jinping , President of the People ’s Republic of China and Madam Peng Liyuan , " according to the top of the menu . Starter :    Caesar Salad , with homemade focaccia croutons ,    Entree :      Dover Sole with    New Potatoes , haricots verts and Thumbelina carrots , OR ,    Dry Aged Prime New York Strip Steak with whipped potatoes and roasted root vegetables , Dessert :    Chocolate Cake with vanilla sauce ,    Trio of Sorbet ( lemon , mango and raspberry ) Wines :    2014 Chalk Hill Chardonnay , Sonoma Coast ,    2014 Girard Cabernet Sauvignon , Napa Valley 
 