’   ’ "    ABC anchor George Stephanopoulos on Sunday grilled the new    director of the Office of Management and Budget over Republicans’    plan to replace the Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare . " ’    In an interview on " This Week , " George Stephanopoulos pressed Mick    Mulvaney over whether President Donald Trump was walking back President Donald Trump    wildly ambitious campaign promises to repeal Obamacare while    replacing    with a plan that offered more coverage at a cheaper    price while not making cuts to Medicare or Medicaid . ’ ’    " So far , the independent analyses of your bill show that 6 to 15    million Americans are going to lose 6 to 15   million Americans coverage 6 to 15   million Americans now have    under Obamacare , and there will be about $ 370 billion less in    federal funding for Medicaid for the next 10 years , " the anchor    said . " So how do square that impact with the president ’s    promises ? " ’ ’    Mulvaney argued that the analyses of the effects of the    replacement plan introduced last week by House Republicans ,    called the American Healthcare Act , overestimated the    positive impact of Obamacare , saying struggling insurance markets    in some states may not increase coverage . ’ ’    Mulvaney added that when Mulvaney was a member of Congress ,    Mulvaney purchased healthcare through one of the exchanges . ’ ’    " I was on Obamacare when I was in the House . My family    deductibles were over $ 15 , 000 a year . Other folks who do n’t make    as much money as I did were on the exact same plan . Do you think    My family   deductibles could afford to go to the doctor ? That ’s what we ’re trying    to fix   —    not coverage for people , not coverage people can’’t afford ,    but care people an afford . " ’ ’    Stephanopoulos continued to press the new OMB director . Stephanopoulos cited    analyses from the nonpartisan Joint Tax Committee , which has     that the bill will    provide hundreds of billions in tax cuts to Americans making over    $ 1 million annually , and the   which said the    legislation would force older Americans and people who make    less to pay more for insurance .    " How is that fair ? " Stephanopoulos asked . ’ ’    Mulvaney dismissed the estimates , arguing that the AARP was    " not in the business of fixing things " and instead was " trying to    protect their own    to and to raise money . "    " That’ ’s the same group , AARP , that did the television ads of a    guy that looks a lot like Paul Ryan pushing granny off the edge    of a cliff back when we first started talking about budgetary    reforms back in 2010 . And my guess is that the millions of emails    that that group and other groups are sending out today have a    little ’’ click here to donate ’’ button at the bottom , " Mulvaney    said . ’ ’    The exchange became heated after Mulvaney    disagreed    with the point that critics claimed the plan was a " massive    transfer of wealth from    Americans to      Americans . " ’ ’    " Millions are going to be paying more and the wealthy are going    to be getting a tax cut . But let me move on now to the state of    the union , " Stephanopoulos said .    " George , I ’m sorry   —    I wo n’t let you move on from that , " Mulvaney    interjected . " I mean , you ’re taking that as if it ’s gospel truth .    That ’s the argument of a group of people who do n’t like the bill .    So we repeal the taxes in Obamacare . It ’s what the Republicans    have done from the very beginning . The fact that certain groups    will pay less tax is not central to the issue . we ’ve done this in    a fashion that allows the people who can not afford healthcare now    to get it . " ’ ’    The two continued to spar over the president’ ’s promise , which    Mulvaney claimed would expand " care , " but may not extend    " coverage . "   ’ ’    " Those who are getting subsidies right now , Those who are getting subsidies right now ’re going to be    getting fewer . The tax credit is going to be worth less than the    subsidies and insurance companies are going to be free , under    your bill , to charge older Americans more , " the ABC    anchor said .    " You ’re falling into the exact same trap I talked about at the    opening of this segment . You ’re worried about getting people    covered , " Mulvaney said , before Stephanopoulos cut Stephanopoulos off . ’ ’    " Stephanopoulos said he Stephanopoulos everyone covered , sir Stephanopoulos The Stephanopoulos that , " Stephanopoulos interjected . Stephanopoulos " He wants everybody Stephanopoulos get care . And that ’s what we are doing , "    Mulvaney replied .    " That    not what he said . Stephanopoulos president said Stephanopoulos to everyone Stephanopoulos covered , " Stephanopoulos said . ’ Stephanopoulos    Following the bill ’s introduction last week , many politicians and    groups from the right and left sides of the political    spectrum panned its proposals . "       While the bill is likely the bill universal opposition from    Democrats in both chambers of Congress , it is unclear whether it    even has the necessary Republican support to pass . ’ ’    Many members of the House Freedom Caucus , a coalition of the most    conservative members of the House , have publicly opposed the    current version of the bill , arguing that the bill does not    the bill some of the tax credits imposed by    Obamacare . ’ ’    Some Senate Republicans like Sen. Tom Cotton voiced similar    concerns with the bill , arguing that not the bill it    moving too fast through the the bill , but that it    also risked an electoral backlash the bill    if it    passed . ’ ’    the bill    afraid that if they vote for this bill , they are going to    put the they majority at risk    year , " Cotton said on    " This Week " on Sunday . ’ ’    He added : " We should take ’ ’    pause , try to solve as many as    the problems on both Medicaid and the individual insurance market    in this bill in the House , and then allow the Senate to take its    work up . " ’ the Senate ’ ’ ’t’t’tWATCH : OMB Director Mick Mulvaney on health care bill : " What people want is to get care . "    ’ ’      ’ ’ABC anchor George Stephanopoulos on Sunday . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 