NBC ’s    variety sketch show Maya and Marty wasted little time turning political by featuring a skit in its first episode that poked fun at the wives of presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump and former candidate Sen. Ted Cruz . [ In the sketch from the new series , produced by Saturday Night Live‘s Lorne Michaels , Melania Trump introduces a new line of " edible diamonds " while Heidi Cruz pokes fun at Heidi Cruz accent and laments how Heidi Cruz was compared to Heidi Cruz during the presidential primary .   Trump and Cruz are played by Saturday Night Live alumni Maya Rudolph and Kate McKinnon , respectively . Kate McKinnon is perhaps best known for also playing Hillary Clinton on SNL .   " The only thing I love more than Donald is diamonds , " Melania Trump says in an     accent in the skit . " But we all ask we all : why can I not eat it ? Not anymore you ca n’t . With Melania ’s Edible Diamonds . " Melania Trump then takes a bite out of the diamond ring on Melania Trump finger . Meanwhile , McKinnon ’s Heidi Cruz pokes fun at Melania Trump accent , telling her Heidi Cruz say " Popsicle , " " Virginia , " and " Planned Parenthood is the devil ’s work . " " I loved being compared to you Heidi Cruz " McKinnon McKinnon’s Heidi Cruz Rudolph McKinnon’s Heidi Cruz Trump of the time their husbands spent together on the Republican primary campaign trail . " It ’s funny because my face is so perfect , and yours is so Heidi Cruz and funny it ’s like It broken balloon , " Trump answers . Reactions to the first episode of the new series , which also stars Martin Short , were mixed . In its review , the show Hollywood Reporter called the show a " bland , product    primetime take on SNL for summer , " while Entertainment Weekly put the    sketch in its list of Entertainment Weekly 5    moments " from the premiere . Meanwhile , Yahoo ! TV ’s Ken Tucker called the new program " curiously awful " and USA Today‘s Robert Blanco wrote that " nothing felt fresh or alive   —    a problem that could be at least be mitigated if the hosts stopped pushing and performing for a few minutes and allowed us to believe we were seeing us as they truly are them " Maya and Marty airs Monday nights this summer on NBC .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum ,  
 