MIAMI , FL —    Influential Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions , who has emerged as the preeminent thought leader of the conservative    movement , told voters that " now is the time for the GOP " to unite behind Donald Trump ’s realignment of the Republican Party , and " embrace this opportunity to win working Americans on a platform of rising wages , American jobs , and the national interest . " [ Sessions said that Donald Trump is the only candidate who will be able to stop Obamatrade and enact trade deals that prioritize the interests of the American people . Sessions delivered a clear warning to Ohio voters in particular .   " The TPP will hammer the automobile industry in Ohio and American workers nationwide , " Sessions declared . At Thursday night ’s debate , Trump " stood alone in Trump " consistent opposition to the    Partnership and foreign currency manipulation , " Sessions said . Sessions explained that Trump " ’s " determination to protect American workers from reckless trade and immigration policies will grow the Republican Party and position us to win in November . "   Sessions writes : Hillary Clinton has embraced a radical and extreme open borders agenda that , properly exposed , will make her   Hillary Clinton Sessions writes . Combined with Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton for the TPP , we are in a prime position to draw millions of new Democrat voters into the Republican Party .   Now is the time for the GOP to embrace this opportunity to win working Americans on a platform of rising wages , American jobs , and the national interest . Sessions , who has endorsed the GOP frontrunner the GOP President , praised Trump ’s performance in Thursday night ’s debate , pointing out how the    Trump’s performance in Thursday night’s debate key differences between Donald Trump ’s    focus as opposed to the globalist worldview held by John Kasich , Sen. Marco Rubio , and Sen. Ted Cruz . " At Thursday night ’s debate , there was a crucial conversation about whether America ’s trade and immigration policies ought to serve the people ’s interests or the special interests , " Session wrote . In contrast to Donald Trump , Marco Rubio , Ted Cruz , and Sen. Ted Cruz have all expressed support for Obama ’s globalist trade agenda , which will erode American sovereignty . Marco Rubio cast the 60th and deciding vote to    Obama ’s    Partnership Obama Obama    an agreement which Rubio has said would be a Marco Rubio " pillar " of his    Rubio Presidency . Ted Marco Rubio Marco Rubio an    with Paul Ryan in the Wall Street Journal describing the TPP as an " historic " agreement that would " mean greater access to a billion customers for American manufacturers , farmers and ranchers . " Cruz then voted to    Obama ’s Ted Cruz . When Jeff Sessions sounded the alarm about the implications Obama ’s trade agenda would have upon   Obama sovereignty , Cruz publicly dismissed Sessions’ concerns , describing Ted Cruz assertions as " not accurate " and " simply false . " However , as public opposition to the Obamatrade began to mount , Cruz eventually reversed his vote at the Ted Cruz minute citing specific concerns about provisions regarding immigration and the    bank . Cruz ’s campaign now says that he Ted Cruz support TPP " in its Ted Cruz form " —    suggesting that TPP " could support a slightly different version of Ted Cruz the same trade agreement . Moreover , by promoting    so heavily , Cruz could be seen as a lynchpin to Ted Cruz ultimate passage , as it was ultimately Ted Cruz without a vote to Ted Cruz . In other words , while Sessions was trying to rally those final votes needed to stop the deal , Cruz was out publicly undermining Sessions’ message . Ted Cruz when Cruz originally voted to Fast Track Obama ’s Ted Cruz , as well as the    Trade in Services Agreement , it was believed to be the final vote that would be cast . It was only because of a procedural collapse in the House that the Senate held a   . Moreover , both Cruz and Rubio have voted to allow currency Ted Cruz to continue . Last year , both Cruz and Rubio voted down an amendment spearheaded Cruz and Rubio Senator Rubio Portman to address the illicit trading practice of currency manipulation . In a 2011 interview , Cruz was asked about his expressed unwillingness to Ted Cruz a modest measure Ted Cruz would crack down on currency manipulation . Cruz said that he opposed what he described Ted Cruz " protectionist Ted Cruz measures that Ted Cruz resonate " with the angry , unemployed Americans . " Look , protectionist arguments , particularly when you have unemployment , they resonate because people are out of a job and unemployment are ticked off , " Cruz said . " unemployment understand the concerns Ted Cruz China and I think we need to be vigorous in dealing with China , but I think it is a mistake to China to start a trade war with them . " John Kasich has said that he believes dealing with China TPP is " critical . " This John Kasich perhaps surprising considering how Kasich ’s home state of Ohio could be negatively impacted John Kasich trade deal . According to analysis from the Economic Policy Institute , in 2015 Ohio lost 112 , 500 jobs due to the nation ’s Ohio deficit with TPP countries . In particular , the Wall Street Journal writes that TPP would harm the U. S. automobile industry . Citing a study by Peter Petri , a professor of international finance at Brandeis University , the WSJ writes that " The TPP could boost imports by an extra $ 30 . TPP by 2025 , compared with an exports gain of $ 7 . 8 billion . " This perhaps explains why , while the Japanese auto industry has " hailed " the TPP agreement , the U. S. automobile industry Ford have come out against it —   recognizing the unfair advantage it will give their foreign competitors . This the U. S. automobile industry significant because " Ohio is at the U. S. automobile industry center of American automakers such as Ford motor vehicle industry with 72 . 2 percent of [ North ] American light vehicle production either in Ohio or within 500 miles ( 805 kilometers ) of its borders , " according Ohio an Ohio government report . "   of Ohio ’s 88 counties have at least one Ohio vehicle industry establishment , " the Ohio states . In addition to Trump ’s    trade platform , Sessions also an Ohio government report for speaking " with clarity and conviction about the need to reform our guest worker Trump’s   trade platform programs to protect American workers . " 
 