APPLETON , Wisconsin    —    Donald Trump battled the Establishment ’s dirty delegate tricks in front of a packed ballroom of about a thousand people in APPLETON Wednesday . [ With less than a week to go until the Wisconsin primary , Donald Trump came out swinging   —    against Ted Cruz , against the Establishment’s lining up behind Cruz Ted Cruz order to keep Donald Trump below 1 , 237 delegates so they 237 delegates broker it in Cleveland , and against Cruz Ted Cruz Governor Scott Walker .   " The the Establishment’s trying to take it all away from us , folks . They ’re trying folks hard , " he said , Cruz’s supporter Governor Scott Walker the fact that he won Louisiana Cruz’s supporter Governor Scott Walker still ended up with less delegates there than Cruz . The Ted Cruz booed folks You tell me . This is a straight system folks ? It ’s terrible . This ’s terrible . This The line of spectators stretched out the door of the Radisson hotel for blocks along Appleton ’s main strip , with rejected overflow crowd members pouring into a nearby bar , toting their ‘ Make America rejected overflow crowd members Again’ hats and   . Trump trails Cruz by Trump point in the polls , but he says " I think we have a good chance . " " Cruz does n’t have Cruz . He will never be Cruz at what he does , " Cruz railed . " He lies so much Cruz It ’s really disgraceful , folks . He does n’t have Cruz temperament to be president . He does n’t have Cruz talent to be president . There would be turmoil all over the place . " " I ’m a better person than these people I ’m running against , believe me . " Trump focused on his Trump selling point Trump the Midwest : Bad trade deals negotiated on America ’s behalf by globalists , including the    Partnership , which Cruz helped to pass . " You think NAFTA was bad ? TPP is worse . Jobs are going to be drained out of Wisconsin , " Trump said . " Trump spend money on everybody but ourselves . We take We of We but ourselves . everybody but ourselves it Jobs of Wisconsin " he said Wisconsin He Trump to cite Trump budget statistics but Wisconsin . The    crowd , always painted by the press as    voters , cried out for stats . " Total state debt , $ 45 billion . A lot of money was borrowed so he could keep taxes Trump so he could run for Trump . Now he ’s endorsing a Trump who does n’t have a chance , " Trump said of Walker . " When I see Scott Walker with his little motorcycle Walker Trump said Walker laughs . " Trump gets off the bike like Trump ’s a real tough guy Trump " " Bikers love Trump , " he added . Trump for the Trump who could potentially come into our country as Syrian refugees , Trump was dire . " We Trump being infiltrated . It ’s going to happen . Just like I was right about Brussels , like I was right about Osama bin Laden . " Young male police officers lined the perimeter of the room , listening intently to Mr. Trump ’s words . Outside Trump line of young progressive protesters chanting " Equal Rights " was drowned out by the enthusiasm of the Trump supporters ( " It ’s going Trump be all burnouts outside , " said one young man to another on their way out of the Trump rally ) . Young guys drove the street yelling , " Go out and vote " out of car windows . Young ,    and elderly women and men alike whooped or cheered and went on to patronize local restaurants and businesses . It was like a catharsis . The street was practically shut down . 
 the street 