’   ’ "    His headline is a little hyperbolic , but I want to associate    His with Matt Yglesias’ argument for why former President    Barack Obama should , in the best interest of the      political movement His once led ,   His will    receive from the investment bank Cantor Fitzgerald . " ’    I am honestly perplexed by the vigor with which some liberals    defend the prerogative of    like Obama , and even    prospective officeholders like the Hillary Clinton of 2013 and    2014 , to collect such fees from interest groups with    business before the government . ’ ’    The argument against these fees , and against    cashouts    more broadly , is simple : If public officials are expected to make    a lot of money from certain interest groups after public officials leave    office , some voters will reasonably fear that those officials    will go easy on those groups while in office , so as not to    alienate those groups . ’ ’    My concern is only in part about " optics . " It My concern also    substantive : The expectation of a future payday could weigh , even    unconsciously , on the way politicians treat interest groups    they politicians expect to receive payments from in the future . A norm    that expects politicians to forswear such payments , even after    they politicians office , would make those politicians less likely to be       by their those politicians financial interests when they those politicians policy . ’ ’    The appearance of conflict of interest is a particular political    danger for liberals , since a promise to protect ordinary    people against moneyed interests is at the core of their ordinary   people against moneyed interests political appeal . Republicans are forthrightly aligned with big    business . Democrats should not vilify business , but they Democrats voters to believe them when voters say voters will voters up to    business    when doing so serves the public . ’ ’’ ’    Obama spokesman Eric Schultz pushed back on those concerns    by   Obama’ ’s implementation of    Wall Street reform despite raising " more money from Wall Street    than any candidate in history " in 2008 . ’ ’    Obviously buckraking is most problematic if you do it while    intending to seek office again   —     as Hillary Clinton and    former Indiana Sen. Evan Bayh learned the hard way in 2016 . But    Yglesias notes that in Britain , Tony Blair’ ’s    business    activities have fostered cynicism about " New Labour " and    damaged the political movement he left Tony Blair’ . ’ "    The concern is not that Obama receiving such a fee will influence    Obama ’s Obama policy decisions about Wall Street ( he wo Tony Blair’ make    any ) but that if he goes Tony Blair’ collecting such fees , he will Tony Blair’ make voters more wary of the intentions of future      politicians who run in his mold Tony Blair’ as happened with Blair .    Bernie    strong appeal in the 2016 primaries , which    was    limited to    voters    shows that many    voters    concerned about such matters . " ’    Many of the responses to the argument against this speaking fee    have been , frankly , childish . They miss many   voters are concerned about such matters point of having    ethical standards and avoiding conflicts of interest . ’ ’    " Other people do it , why shouldn’’t Obama ? " is an argument    your    teacher would not have taken seriously . It is    not good enough for Democrats simply to exceed the ethical    standards    the Trumps or appear less conflicted than the    Bushes . ’ ’    You follow high ethical standards and avoid the appearance of    conflicts of interest because , in the long run , it is good for    your political movement . It demonstrates to voters that you put    their interests voters and are not swayed by financial concerns .    It    It likelihood of embarrassing scandal . ’ ’    Virtue , in this area , is its own reward . ’ "    And the cost of a norm against high speaking fees from business    is essentially zero . If you ’re not a prominent politician , you    lose literally nothing by cutting off one of such    politicians’ several available sources for      income . " ’    Yes , Obama would have to give up some income . But since he and Obama Michelle have reportedly reached a $ 65 million book deal ( and    congratulations to them for he and   Michelle ) they will he and   Michelle very wealthy anyway . ’ ’    I have been baffled by the extent to which liberal political    concern is directed to whether their leaders are being    treated fairly , on a personal level . " Is it fair for Obama to    have to forego this fee ? " is a question that misses the point . ’ "    Politics is n’t supposed to be about the interests of powerful    people like Obama . Obama ’s supposed to be about the regular people    who support the movements that people like Obama lead Obama Our    leaders are supposed to serve us , Our it is appropriate to ask    them to Our   leaders sacrifices in the broader public interest , including    sacrifices    income . " ’    Obama is Obama private citizen and he certainly Obama a legal    right    take speaking fees from powerful interests if he wants Obama    But    he has Obama his intention Obama continue engaging    positively    the discourse in an effort to bolster the ideas he    Obama    promote in office , I would expect him to Obama whether    his    Obama or undermine the interests of the political    movement he used Obama lead . ’ ’    If Obama announced an intention to decline speaking fees from    businesses in the future , he could Obama set a new norm against    political buckraking that would benefit the movement he used Obama    lead    ’ ’His headline is a little hyperbolic , but . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 