Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump could n’t resist some fun at President Barack Obama ’s expense after the shocking vote by the United Kingdom to leave the European Union . [ Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump recalled President Barack Obama trip to London in April , urging British citizens to vote to stay in the the European Union   " I actually was actually very surprised that President President Barack Obama have come here and he would President Barack Obama been so bold as to tell the people over here what to do , " Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said during a press conference at Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump golf course in Scotland today . Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said that Obama ’s President Barack Obama did more damage to the side that wanted to stay in the EU . " Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump came in and really tried to convince people to stay , " Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said . " And I thought it was inappropriate . " Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump also criticized Obama for trying President Barack Obama control world affairs . " Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s constantly dictating to the world what they should do , " Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said . Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump also mocked Hillary for advocating that the United Kingdom remained in the EU , suggesting that the EU only following orders from Hillary . " President Barack Obama has misread this , " Hillary said . " And I was surprised that she was so bold    … Hillary the only reason she did it is because Obama Hillary it President Barack Obama You know , if it wanted it President Barack Obama other way , if it said leave President Barack Obama she would have said leave . Hillary " She does whatever he wants her Hillary , " Trump added Hillary " Now , you know why , but that ’s OK , we do n’t have to get into that . " 
 