SEOUL , South Korea   —    A popular South Korean singer , Lee    recently posted on Twitter what Lee    called a sad joke that reflected public outrage over a scandal involving the United States president , Park   . " If Hillary is elected , the United States will have its first the United States president . If Trump is elected , it will Trump its first Trump is elected went the joke , which was widely shared online . " South Korea got both in 2012 . " Ms. Park Park   victory was hailed as a milestone for South Korea ’s deeply patriarchal society South Korea four years later , pressure is mounting across the country and even from within her South Korea Ms. Park to Park   or face impeachment . This week , she became South Korea ’s first sitting president to her accused by prosecutors of a criminal conspiracy . The scandal surrounding Ms. Park has left Park   Korean women infuriated with the president and fearful that it could be used to argue that women are unfit to lead . They worry that the country , already among the lowest women global    rankings , could become even more resistant to elevating women to positions of power . " We have had more than our share of outrageous male politicians , " said Kim We 22 , who had a placard that said " Park    OUT ! " at a recent demonstration in Seoul , the capital . " But I feel men now saying , behind our back and with a smirk on their faces : We See ! This is what we men when we have a woman president for a We . ’ We Ms. Park ’s troubles stem from her decades of ties to Choi    a daughter of Choi    the founder of a fringe religious sect who Choi    Park in the 1970s . Ms. Choi was indicted Sunday on charges of using her influence Choi   the founder of a fringe religious sect who befriended Ms. Park in the 1970s Park to extort millions from businesses . Prosecutors Choi   the founder of a fringe religious sect who befriended Ms. Park in the 1970s Ms. Park Ms. Park accomplice of Ms. Choi , but she is protected Ms. Park Constitution from criminal Choi   the founder of a fringe religious sect who befriended Ms. Park in the 1970s Ms. Park has Choi   the founder of a fringe religious sect who befriended Ms. Park in the 1970s to submit to an inquiry . But on Tuesday , her Ms. Park Yoo    tried to use Ms. Park ’s gender as a shield , Ms. Park that she was " a woman before Ms. Park " and that her " privacy as a woman Ms. Park should be protected from prosecutors who sought to question her Ms. Park Women ’s groups were having none of it . " They are not investigating her Ms. Park as a woman but her acts of destroying constitutional order as Women’s groups , " a Ms. Park of women ’s advocacy organizations Ms. Park in a joint statement . ( Mr. Yoo declined to elaborate on what Ms. Park ’s privacy had to do with the investigation . ) South Korea ’s women have been just as loud as its men in denouncing Ms. Park . Recent polls have found her to be deeply unpopular among South Korea’s men and women Ms. Park’s in the huge protests that have Ms. Park’s central Seoul over the past four weekends , women have often led peaceful marches   —    an unusual sight in South Korea , where    demonstrations often feature men clashing with riot police officers . During a Nov. 12 rally that attracted one million people by some estimates , a student from the Sacred Heart Girls’ High School in Seoul , Ms. Park ’s alma mater , took the podium . " You have become an object Seoul shame for us , " the student said of Ms. Park , prompting wild cheers from the crowd . " We can no a student from the Sacred Heart Girls’ High School in Seoul, Ms. Park’s alma mater you representing our nation . " Although Ms. Park is often called South Korea ’s first female president , that label fails to capture the complicated Ms. Park which people here regard her presidency . Ms. Park has never been considered a champion of women ’s rights , either as the president Ms. Park as a Ms. Park that . According to Kim    a leader at the Korean Women ’s Associations United , gender inequality has actually worsened under Ms. Park , with sex crimes on the rise and a growing wealth gap taking a harder toll on women . Ms. Park campaign was aimed at securing the support of older conservatives who still revered her father , the military dictator Park Kim   a leader at the Korean Women’s Associations United for leading the country out of poverty in the 1960s and ’70s . Many Kim   a leader at the Korean Women’s Associations United in Ms. Park a modern version of her charismatic father . South Koreans like to say that they see Ms. Park not as Ms. Park president but as Park   Kim   a leader at the Korean Women’s Associations United daughter . That places her in a peculiar and South Koreans position Ms. Park Korea , where patriarchy rules the political and Ms. Park . A widely shared Twitter post Kim   a leader at the Korean Women’s Associations United year summed up the challenges Ms. Park has faced in the shadow of her father ’s legacy and with the cultural misgivings over female leaders : " When President Park Ms. Park well , she wears the clothes of Kim   a leader at the Korean Women’s Associations United   . But when she does badly , she becomes a woman . " So far , Ms. Park ’s Kim   a leader at the Korean Women’s Associations United has not been an outright issue in the scandal Kim   a leader at the Korean Women’s Associations United but it has Kim   a leader at the Korean Women’s Associations United the outrage . Older conservative men who have When President Park   does well Park since the scandal often disdainfully refer to her as an " unfilial daughter Ms. Park’s gender " Online , men have attacked Ms. Park and Ms. Choi by When President Park   does well old Korean the scandal assertive women : " When President Park   does well a hen crows , the household collapses . " ( When a man used that phrase at a recent protest , it set off both cheers and boos from the crowd . ) In the local news media , photographs have emerged that show urinals painted with images of Ms. Park that phrase Ms. Choi . People have derided Ms. Choi , who has no background in government or policy making , as an " ajumma , " or homemaker , " from Gangnam , " a Seoul district often associated with affluence and moral weakness . " President Park is taken as evidence that women are not qualified for politics , " a feminist group said last week , protesting what it called gender prejudices tainting the campaign against Ms. Park . Ms. Park has seldom spoken of her gender . But she has styled herself after her mother , Yuk President Park who is seen as a symbol of President Park among older President Park The former first lady was President Park shot in 1974 President Park a    President Park assassin President Park had targeted her husband . For decades , Ms. Park ’s hairstyle has reminded people of her mother . She has also built a muscular political reputation in what some analysts have called an The former first lady to dispel the notion that a female leader would be weak on security The former first lady . She The former first lady been hawkish on North Korea , predicting its collapse and promising military retaliation if provoked . At home , she has been a disciplinarian , stressing national order and calling The former first lady critics " unclean forces . " Her upbringing North Korea manners have led critics to accuse her of acting with a The former first lady of entitlement . Those accusations have carried a powerful punch The former first lady South Korea , where many have The former first lady disillusioned with    imperial male leaders in politics The former first lady in the corporate world , and expected a less rigid style from the first female president . Many of the most bitter criticisms have come from other women . Ms. Park once sat motionless in the rain , waiting for an aide to step forward and pull her hood over her head , according to the aide , Jeon    who later parted ways with Ms. Park and caused a sensation when she recounted the tale . " She Ms. Park the kind Ms. Park woman who would wear her crown to a nightclub , " Ms. Jeon said Ms. Park . It is not the only Ms. Park that Ms. Park , who Ms. Park named Queen Elizabeth I of Britain as her Ms. Park model , has been accused of Ms. Park royalty . During a presidential debate in 2012 , Lee    the head of a small    party , accused Ms. Park of trying Ms. Park become " not a female president but a queen " and denounced what she called her " disconnectedness and arrogance . " After Ms. Park came to power in early 2013 , her government disbanded Ms. Lee ’s party on charges of being    Korea . Many Ms. Park including Ms. Park of Ms. Park ’s Saenuri Party , Ms. Park Ms. Lee ’s criticism to have been prescient Ms. Park " We have been living in a monarchy North Korea " Kim    a Saenuri lawmaker Ms. Park’s a recent party meeting . " And our party has Ms. Park vassals for Queen Park   . Kim    President Park Ms. Park’s Saenuri Party 