  ( CNN ) Money may well have made many a political career but one American artist has now forged one American artist own success crafting politicians themselves out of cold hard cash .    Meticulously handcrafted using small pieces of money     mostly U. S. one dollar bills     Mark Wagner ’s currency collages reconfigure the familiar green and black paper into mythical creatures , fantastical garden scenes and US politicians past and present .   " The dollar bill is publicly valued , and I like making The dollar bill privately valuable     or to reflect how rich the person is that I ’m depicting . " says Mark Wagner’s . " A lot of American figures really are made by The dollar bill . " Common denominator , Originally a printer and specialist book binder who has long dabbled in collage , Mark Wagner’s first started cutting up dollar bills as material for Mark Wagner’s art in 1999 after Mark Wagner’s went looking for the most " common " paper Mark Wagner’s could find to use for one particular piece .   Watch : Why the art market is in the ’hyperfast’ lane , Mark Wagner’s soon came to realize the versatility money gave Mark Wagner’s as a medium , as well as the possibilities to explore what money means to people and the essential part it plays in everyone ’s life .   " Money means different things to different people , but it ’s a it that everyone is ready to comment on . But when you ask them ’what is everyone most people ca n’t give a good answer and I dress those unknowns into my work , " says Wagner .   Although he uses other Wagner of paper , money has now been Wagner ’s primary Wagner for the last decade and a half , with its texture and multifaceted designs translating well to his unique mosaic style Wagner   " My favorite part     it ’s so tiny My favorite part     Washington ’s right lapel . It does n’t mean My favorite part     , his right lapel is right lapel a white line but if you get 1 , 000 of them and glue them together it makes a nice them and I had n’t considered art like that before , " he explains .   Public wealth , His first works were portraits of he     a style he says appeals to him because he likes making a he valued he reflect someone ’s private wealth     and he has since expanded his work he include intricately composed he of mythological lands and creatures , famous landmarks and statement billboards .   READ :    medieval doodles reveal our ancestors had a sense of humor   Each collage is created using small pieces of deconstructed bills , carefully glued into place using a brush , and Wagner uses every single part of the bill , whether it be for Abraham Lincoln ’s nose , Barack Obama ’s ears or for decorative framing around the edge .   " Donald Trump ’s eyebrows , they ’re very leafy and those same leaves can become a hedge , and something like a hedge has a metaphoric interest to me . It ’s a nice looking plant , but it also separates one neighbor from It neighbor , " adds Wagner .   RELATED : Harriet Tubman will be face of the $ 20 , The artist does n’t normally track Harriet Tubman bills he uses to create a collage , Harriet Tubman says he did do a full accounting of Harriet Tubman money used for one 17 foot tall collage he created of the Statue of Liberty Harriet Tubman which took 1 , 121 one dollar bills and 81 , 895 individual scraps of those bills .   This may sound expensive , but Wagner is extremely careful with his money , painstakingly positioning each small Wagner of money so it does n’t overlap too much , This makes his currency a cheaper artistic material than Wagner paint . The egalitarian nature of the bills also appeal to him , which he translates into the Wagner its sold Wagner posters , prints and other renderings .   " Products ,    catalogs , and calendars , I like that stuff . The rich people who buy fine art , I love them , they give me a chance The rich people who buy fine art but The rich people who buy fine art like that mere mortals can enjoy it as well     I could n’t a chance to buy my own art work , " he explains .   Legal tender , Wagner has worked with other types of U. S. dollar bills and foreign currencies , and while he says he loves the colors and Wagner they Wagner , most of his work is now done with the Wagner dollar bill because of its versatility and abundance .   " the one dollar bill stumbled onto a niche benefit using the one dollar bill , " he the one dollar bill , the Wagner dollar is not precious , and because I can get more , I I have an infinite supply and do n’t get distracted with other possibilities . " He adds that as it ’s the Wagner U. S. currency that has n’t the one dollar redesigned since it was finalized in 1963 , it has also kept the one dollar " baroque elements " and the one dollar the president on the one dollar     George Washington , as painted by Gilbert Stuart the one dollar is the only one that has n’t been airbrushed .   " We know from drawings that Abraham Lincoln was ugly but you see him on the    bill and he looks like Kevin Abraham Lincoln , it looks like a Abraham Lincoln , " he says . And although cutting up U. S. tender Abraham Lincoln technically illegal , Wagner says he has never had any problems with law enforcement . Wagner The U. S. Federal Reserve itself recently acquired some of his now    art while the National Portrait Gallery , Wagner is part of the Smithsonian Institution , once displayed a piece of his just three blocks from the Federal Bureau of Investigation Wagner FBI ) headquarters . A solo exhibition of Wagner ’s political portraits and other work , titled MY NAME IS MARK WAGNER , AND I APPROVE OF THIS MESSAGE , Wagner September 8 to October 15 at Pavel Zoubok Gallery , 531 West 26th Street , New York . More of his work can be found on his website . 
 Wagner Wagner 