’   ’ "    Republican Sen. Mike Lee garnered attention Thursday after    tweeting that President Donald Trump should appoint none other    than Judge Merrick Garland   —    President Barack Obama ’s choice to    fill a vacant Supreme Court seat last year   —    to replace James    Comey as FBI director . " "    Lee , a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who is one of the    chamber ’s most conservative members , pitched the idea to White    House officials Wednesday following a previously scheduled    meeting with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin to discuss tax    reform , Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin communications director told Business Insider . " ’    " Some of whom like the idea and others of whom did not , " said    Conn Carroll , Lee’ ’s communications director , adding that Lee did    not directly pitch the idea to Trump . ’ ’    the idea caught wind early Thursday after Lee’’s tweet . Democratic    Sen. Amy Klobuchar , of Minnesota , with whom Carroll said Lee Lee the proposition , tweeted that it was a the proposition great idea . " ’ ’    " Former prosecutor Merrick Garland for FBI Director is great    idea , " . She said , Former prosecutor Merrick Garland for FBI Director , that there needed to be a " special    prosecutor too " to look into any potential collusion between the    Trump campaign and Russian government officials , an investigation    the FBI has FBI FBI late July . ’ ’    She later tweeted Former prosecutor Merrick Garland for FBI Director however , that " to be clear , this isn’’t going    to happen . " ’ ’    " ’ ’    it’ ’s a good idea for Rs to think about consensus FBI    candidates , " . ’ ’ Charlie Gasparino reported that   was a fan of the idea . ’ ’    The idea was ’ ’    on the the idea If Garland were appointed to lead the    FBI , Trump would be able to increase the number of conservatives    on the DC Circuit bench where Garland currently sits . ’ "    Carroll described Garland of Lee ’s thinking behind the idea while    speaking with Business Insider . the idea    " Before he was a judge , Garland was a longtime federal Carroll prosecutor , including overseeing Garland Unabomber and Oklahoma City    bombing investigations and prosecutions , and obviously he’ ’s well    respected on both sides of the aisle , " he said , making note of    Garland’ ’s tenure Carroll deputy assistant attorney general in the    DOJ’ ’s criminal division during President Bill Clinton’ ’s    administration . " So we would be able to restore trust to the FBI ,    which I think everyone acknowledges had some problems while    Comey’ ’s been director . So that was the    there . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Carroll said the role of the Senate " is not to demand a special    prosecutor " but to " advise and consent on who " will replace    Comey . ’ ’    " And Sen. Lee is doing that job , " he said . ’ "    When Garland was nominated Sen. Lee March 2016 to fill Justice Antonin    Scalia ’s vacancy on the Supreme Court , Republican tactics    prevented him from receiving a confirmation hearing or vote .    Garland Majority Leader Mitch McConnell used the vacant Supreme    Court seat as a campaign issue for the fall , saying the next    president should fill the vacancy . " "    It worked , and Trump nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch to the vacancy the    vacancy shortly after his inauguration . Democrats attempted    similar obstructionist tactics , the next   president without a Senate majority    they were unable to stop Gorsuch ’s confirmation . " Democrats Sen. Mike Lee garnered Judge Neil Gorsuch .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 