’   ’ ’    As the Trump rally rolls on , people up and down Wall Street and    around the world keep finding reasons for why it should continue . ’ "    And in a Wednesday note following Trump ’s speech before a joint    session of Congress , Citigroup may have given us the worst reason    us ’ve heard yet . " ’    From Citi in a section with the heading " Forget Math for    the Moment " : ’ ’’ ’    Okay so lets walk through this logic here .   ’ "    Citi is saying that budget math does n’t matter anymore , because    Citi has n’t worked for so long that whatever Citi spend will be more    of the same .   " ’    If we just add more to the deficit , whatever . ’ "    If we spend more than we take we , that ’s just par for the course . " "    It does n’t matter if there are levels to this stuff   —    which is to    say , it does It matter if we increase the deficit the deficit than    we did    we before , because we already had we deficit . It    does n’t matter if we collect less revenue than we did before we    because we    n’t we enough before anyway . " "    Guys , no . The best way to solve a problem is not to make the    problem even bigger . You ’re playing yourselves . " ’    We should not just give up on having a more balanced budget and    rational ,    generating tax policy because . .. YOLO ! * ’ ’    Now to be fair , Citi does acknowledge that there is risk of a    bust here . ’ ’    " We also have Citi disagree with views that the present economic    recovery has been so weak and incomplete that large scale    stimulus comes with no risk of generating a    cycle . Even    so , however , boom comes first . " ’ "    And apparently they ca n’t see beyond the boom . boom math .    And we    not doing math now . If this is how analysts across Wall    Street are thinking , no wonder the market is ripping . " ’   ’ ’      ’ " * YOLO means You Only Live Once . The kids say it sometimes    when YOLO    about to The kids something that might be stupid , but    does n’t    . " ’As the Trump rally rolls on , people up and down . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 