’   ’ ’    Barbara Corcoran and Donald Trump have had a    —       —    but Barbara Corcoran fondly remembers the    time Barbara Corcoran met Donald Trump . ’ ’    Corcoran , now best known as one of the stars of " Shark Tank , "    built Barbara Corcoran fortune and reputation with the Corcoran Group , which    Barbara Corcoran established as one of New York’ ’s premiere real estate firms . ’ ’    In 1983 , Donald Trump oversaw the completion of Trump Tower in    Manhattan , and had established Donald Trump as a force in the    industry . Corcoran , who was 34 , was intimidated by Donald Trump . ’ " and though she did n’t want to get into    politics , she brought she a story about the Republican    presidential nominee when a viewer asked how to deal with fear of    failure . " ’    " I still doubt myself . she ashamed to admit that after all these    years , " Corcoran said . But when she’ ’s afraid , a " tape reel "    starts playing in her head she’ drowning out a negative inner    monologue . While she may she’ best known for the way she freely she’ speaks her mind she’ she said she’ in her 20s she’ early 30s she was she’ very insecure . ’ "    A turning point came in the early ’80s , when Corcoran notified    Trump that his Trump Trump residential properties , which he was Trump advertising as the most expensive condominiums in the    world ( this was back when such a claim was appealing ) were    actually in the bottom tier of the      list she       about to publish . As soon as he got Trump message , he called Trump her       penthouse Trump . " ’    " I was scared to death in that mirrored elevator going to the top    floor of Trump Tower , " Corcoran said . " Thinking that bad voice :    ’’ Oh , my God , what did I do this for ? I’’m in hot water . What am I    going to do ? ’’ " ’ ’    She willed    off    elevator that mirrored elevator into his office ,    into a    chair that seemed to shrink beneath his giant desk    ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump was furious , she recalled , Trump he was yelling Trump gesturing    wildly .    rant , " all of a sudden I got the first inkling of    that tape    ’’ Oh , yeah ? You’’re not talking to me like that , ’’ " she    said Trump ’ ’    " One of the most memorable and treasured moments of my life     —    it sounds so stupid how you treasure these things   —    but    was when    got up out of that mini chair he stuck me    , went    over to    side of    desk and had the courage to put my hand    on his    and    over his shoulder . his shoulder ’    Trump was thrown off , she remembered , and Trump power dynamic    shifted into her favor . She Trump an idea Trump him : If she Trump changed the Trump she was measuring " Trump expensive " ( she couldn’’t    remember Trump specifics , but it was something like       versus     ) then Trump could rightfully take    the No . 1 spot he so desperately wanted Trump ’ "    They agreed to a deal where Trump would be able Trump advertise his    properties with Trump tagline as long as he included the Corcoran Trump Group ’s branding on all advertising . " ’    " I got paid very well for finding the voice and the courage    within me that day , and I’’ve been practicing it ever since , I’’ve    Corcoran said . the Corcoran    ’ 
 