President Barack Obama did n’t just slow jam the news , President Barack Obama slow jammed President Barack Obama presidential legacy and President Barack Obama argument against Donald Trump . [ After taking the microphone on the Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon , President Barack Obama said President Barack Obama was not watching Donald Trump election coverage , but rather President Barack Obama new favorite television show " Orange Is Not The New Black . "   " I do n’t want to name any names , " President Barack Obama said , after celebrating President Barack Obama foreign policy legacy , as the background singer crooned , " President Barack Obama ’s talking about Donald Donald Trump " President Barack Obama also promoted President Barack Obama Trade deal , arguing that opening up trade would bring more high paying jobs and put more Americans back to work .   Obama President Barack Obama the audience that he President Barack Obama office after one of the worst recessions in history , and claimed he President Barack Obama the economy back thanks to his President Barack Obama trillion dollar stimulus program . " Oh yeah , President Obama stimulating long term growth in both the public and the private sector , " Jimmy Fallon said smoothly as the background singer sang , " Created tons of jobs for you and me , he President Barack Obama got one more for Hillary . " Obama then promoted Obamacare and celebrated a constitutional right for    couples to marry . " Commander in preach ! " Fallon said . Jimmy Fallon Got ta listen my man Bareezus , who ’s accomplished a lot in eight years and when congress tried to block him he found Jimmy Fallon Jimmy Fallon in Jimmy Fallon the back door . " The background singer Jimmy Fallon his first two terms ended Jimmy Fallon such a hurry , wish he could go for three Jimmy Fallon like my man Steph Curry . Obama replied by saying he would not run for Obama third term , reminding the audience that he only had 223 days Obama his vacation . After the Obama jam , Obama made a point of Obama the microphone . 
 