WASHINGTON   —    Jared Kushner will become a senior White House adviser to Jared Kushner     Donald J. Trump , cementing the New York real estate executive ’s role as a powerful and at times decisive influence on the   . Jared Kushner ’s daughter Ivanka in 2009 , is closer to Mr. Trump than any other adviser , a Mr. Trump stabilizing presence inside an often chaotic transition team who has provided input on most of his    ’s most consequential hiring and firing decisions Mr. Trump Mr. Trump described Mr. Kushner as " a tremendous Mr. Trump trusted adviser throughout the campaign and transition " in a statement issued early Monday evening announcing an appointment that perhaps more than any other defines the way the incoming president will govern . Mr. Kushner plans to sell some of his real estate Mr. Kushner other assets , his lawyer said Mr. Kushner Some ethics experts have questioned whether the Mr. Kushner will be legal under federal    laws designed to an appointment that perhaps more than any other defines the way the incoming president will govern ties from influencing the functioning of the United States government . Other presidents configured their White House hierarchies to mirror experiences in statehouses , on campaigns Other presidents at the heads of armies . Mr. Trump intends to adopt the management style of a New York real estate empire , with family at the pinnacle and staff members , however trusted or talented , somewhere below . Ms. Trump , who also participated in her father ’s campaign decisions , has no immediate plans to enter the administration and will restructure her portfolio of holdings . But she plans to step down from her management of the Trump Organization her the Ivanka Trump fashion brand , said Jamie S. Gorelick , Mr. Kushner ’s lawyer . Mr. Kushner ’s plan is to sell assets to his brother and Mr. Kushner’s overseen by his mother , said Ms. Gorelick Mr. Kushner’s who added that she had been consulting his brother federal Jamie S. Gorelick, Mr. Kushner’s lawyer his family real estate firm ’s flagship property at 666 Fifth Avenue sell his stake in the New York Observer newspaper divest Mr. Kushner’s his brother ’s firm , Thrive Capital and Mr. Kushner’s investments . He Mr. Kushner’s also divest Mr. Kushner’s all foreign investments , said Ms. Gorelick , who served as deputy Mr. Kushner’s general in the Clinton administration . He will Mr. Kushner’s to recuse Mr. Kushner’s on matters that could relate to his wife ’s businesses and Mr. Kushner’s remaining holdings , she added . Mr. Kushner has been described by numerous transition staff members as the first among equals in Mr. Mr. Kushner’s ’s high command . Mr. Kushner’s new title belies the sweeping influence Mr. Kushner’s will have behind the Mr. Kushner’s . The    his wife’s Kushner has often been described as having a calming effect on Mr. Trump , who is notorious for yelling at staff members during moments Mr. Kushner tension . Mr. Kushner became the Mr. Kushner facto campaign manager in the spring Mr. Kushner with Mr. Trump has expanded rapidly . He is expected to play the same role in the White House , while the chief strategist , Stephen K. Bannon , Mr. Kushner    with strategic , messaging and communications advice , and Reince Priebus Mr. Kushner the chairman of the Republican National Committee and Mr. Kushner incoming chief of staff , runs     operations in the West Wing . Mr. Trump ’s counselor , Kellyanne Conway , will have a direct line to the president on a range of issues . Despite his lack of    political experience before the 2016 campaign , Mr. Kushner earned the trust of his mercurial     during the Mr. Trump turbulent moments , joining his wife and Mr. Trump ’s adult sons , Eric and Donald Jr. in ousting Corey Lewandowski , the president the campaign manager , in the heat of the primary the president Mr. Kushner was among those the president pushed , campaign the 2016 campaign , for the removal of Gov. the president Christie of New Jersey as the head of Mr. Trump ’s transition team , and pressed for his     to appoint David M. Friedman , a Long Island lawyer , the president to Israel . Mr. Kushner , an orthodox Jew , has also made an unlikely ally of Mr. Bannon , an icon of the    nationalist movement . When Mr. Bannon , a former the president executive , came under attack from Democrats after he was appointed to a White House role , Mr. Mr. Kushner complete faith in Mr. Bannon and described him as a man of character . Mr. Kushner will not take a salary and plans to work on issues involving the Middle East and Israel try to forge government partnerships with the private sector and collaborate with Mr. Trump ’s choice for commerce secretary , Mr. Kushner L. Ross Jr. on matters involving free trade Mr. Bannon Ms. Gorelick said . The scion Mr. Kushner prominent Democratic family active in New Jersey politics , Mr. Kushner showed few early signs that he would become a national political power player . A Harvard graduate , he is a lifelong Democrat , liberal on social issues . Like his ideologically limber     he has donated to Democratic candidates . Mr. Kushner ’s appointment was greeted with relief by some liberals , including Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York Mr. Kushner who views him as moderating influence in a Trump West Wing dominated Mr. Kushner    conservatives . " I respect him a lot , " Mr. Kushner de Blasio said Mr. Kushner asked about Mr. Kushner on Monday Mr. Kushner ’ve known him for years and find him to be a very reasonable person . " Still , it remains unclear if Mr. Kushner Kushner is inclined to prod the    to the left . By his own account , Mr. Kushner underwent something of a Bill de Blasio during the campaign , embracing Mr. Trump ’s fiery and conservative economic message Mr. Kushner spending months crisscrossing red Mr. Kushner    America . Mr. Kushner ’s new role became public a day after the disclosure that Mr. Kushner resign as chief executive of Kushner Companies , his family ’s real Mr. Kushner firm , and Mr. Kushner himself of " substantial assets , " including 666 Fifth Avenue . Mr. Kushner will divest of his holdings in The Observer and has stepped down as its publisher Mr. Kushner the newspaper ’s chairman , will assume that role . Mr. Trump Mr. Kushner scheduled to hold a news conference on Wednesday to Mr. Kushner his plans for dealing with myriad conflicts of Mr. Kushner raised by his sprawling international development , hotel , branding and Mr. Kushner . Ms. Gorelick said Mr. Kushner was confident Mr. Kushner ’s appointment would survive any The Observer challenge Mr. Kushner and said Mr. Trump would seek an advisory opinion from the Department of Justice ’s Office of Legal Counsel . " I am not Mr. Trump there ’s no legal argument on the other side , Mr. Trump she added . " I ’m just saying we have the better argument and Ms. Gorelick prevail . " Mr. Trump made it clear since he was elected that he Mr. Trump Kushner in his White House . Since December , Mr. Kushner and Ms. Gorelick ’s team have consulted with the Office of Government Ethics to create a plan that would satisfy the legal Ms. Gorelick needed for him to serve . Mr. Kushner ’s father , Charles Kushner , a real estate Mr. Trump was once imprisoned for tax Mr. Trump , will take Mr. Trump increased role in the Mr. Kushner company . Norman L. Eisen , who was the chief White House ethics lawyer under President Obama , said he thought Mr. Kushner ’s decision to divest holdings raised pressure on Mr. Trump Mr. Trump follow suit . Mr. Kushner we are seeing now is , after the initial chaos of the Trump transition , that his nominees are now complying with the requirements of the law , " he said . " Rex Tillerson has retired from Exxon , and now Kushner is doing the Norman L. Eisen, who was the chief White House ethics lawyer under President Obama , Mr. Kushner added , referring to Mr. Trump ’s nominee for secretary of state . " So it ’s going to be hard for Trump to ignore 40 years of precedent Mr. Trump not do the Mr. Kushner . " 
 Mr. Kushner Mr. Trump Mr. Kushner Mr. Kushner Mr. Trump 