’   ’ "    Special Counsel Robert Mueller ’s investigation into Russian    election interference expanded to include whether President    Donald Trump attempted to obstruct justice just days after President   Donald Trump    fired former FBI Director James Comey ,   Wednesday . " "    As part of the probe , President   Donald Trump is interviewing senior    intelligence officials and looking for proof of any financial    crimes possibly committed by Trump ’s associates , The Post    reported , citing US officials . " ’    A spokesman for Trump’ ’s lawyer said in a statement that " the FBI    leak regarding the President is outrageous , inexcusable , and    illegal , " but did not dispute the accuracy of the report . ’ ’      ’ ’    The scope of the probe had been previously limited to    possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign . Former    FBI Director James Comey   in a Senate testimony last week that he had told    Trump . Trump said he felt " vindicated "    by Comey’ ’s testimony . ’ ’    Trump that changed just days after Trump fired Comey ,    according to the Post . Comey had been leading Trump the ’ ’ Days later , he told NBC’ Comey Lester Holt that    the    Russia thing " had Comey on his mind when he dismissed the    former FBI director . ’ ’    Comey ’   Comey ’   ’ ’    Mueller could interview Coats , Rogers , and ormer NSA deputy    Richard Ledgett Comey who retired in April , as early as next week .      ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Jeffrey Toobin , a CNN legal analyst , said last month that    Trump’ ’s request for Pence and Sessions to scram " suggests    consciousness of guilt . " Claire Finkelstein , a professor at    the    of Pennsylvania Law School , told Business Insider       that   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    But Trump ’s conversation with Comey was part of a broader pattern    that could more easily open him up to charges of obstruction of    justice , experts say , beginning Comey his   and assurance that he    n’t    under FBI investigation and ending Comey he fired him . Comey " ’    Trump has reportedly considered firing Mueller Comey who Comey    thinks is too close to Comey and is engaged in a " Trump hunt "    against him . But he has been advised it by his aides in recent    Comey . ’ Trump Special Counsel Robert    ’s Trump . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 