January 27 , 2017 , One foreign leader arrives in the U. S. while another cancels One foreign leader trip one holiday triggers the world ’s largest annual human migration and one    mountain is suspected to have shrunk after an earthquake struck . Travel the world’s with us this Friday on CNN 10 ! WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ , Click for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz ( PDF ) . 1 . According to the 20th Amendment to the U. S. Constitution , on what date ( month and day ) does a president ’s term end ? 2 . According to the the 20th Amendment the U. S. the U. S. Constitution time ( on the aforementioned date ) does a president ’s term end ? 3 . Including President Donald Trump , how many leaders has the U. S. had ? 4 . How many countries are included in the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) which President Trump plans to renegotiate ? President Donald Trump What nation is led by President Adama Barrow , following his surprise election defeat of President Yahya President Adama Barrow , who initially refused to step down ? 6 . A new survey ranked what location as the most expensive place to live , based on median home prices and household incomes ? 7 . Name the controversial U. S. oil pipeline that , if completed as planned , would run beneath Lake Oahe . 8 . A United Nations University study says that between 2010 and 2015 , more than 12 million tons of electronic waste were generated across what continent ? 9 . What milestone number was reached ( and exceeded ) by the Dow Jones Industrial Average on Wednesday ? 10 . What event , which is associated with a tremendous amount of travel , is determined by the occurrence of second new moon after the Winter Solstice ? TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Welcome to Fridays are awesome !   This is CNN 10 and I ’m Carl Azuz . Yesterday , British Prime Minister Theresa May came to the U. S. for a    visit .   She ’s the first serving foreign leader British Prime Minister Theresa May speak at the annual congressional Republican retreat .   That ’s in Philadelphia this year .   And Prime Minister May is also the first British Prime Minister Theresa May meet with U. S. President Donald Trump since his inauguration .   Britain is widely considered to U. S. President Donald Trump America ’s closest ally .    A separate international meeting was cancelled though .   Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto had been scheduled to visit President Trump at the White House next Tuesday . U. S. President Donald Trump Mr. Trump ’s moving forward with plans to build a U. S. President Donald Trump the U. S. Mexico border .   He wants Mexico to pay for it and that ’s something U. S. President Donald Trump Pena Nieto has repeatedly said Mexico would not do . Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto President Trump said if President Mexico Nieto continued to refuse to U. S. President Donald Trump wall , it would be Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto to skip the meeting .   So , the Mexican leader cancelled his plans , Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto his country does not U. S. President Donald Trump .   The U. S. President Donald Trump House said it U. S. President Donald Trump keep communication open Mexico ’s southern neighbor . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) ED LAVANDERA , CNN The White House ( ):   On the border ’s edge from Nogales , Arizona , several dozen migrants gather for breakfast inside a shelter known as Kino Border Initiative .    It ’s where Jesus Garcia is trying to figure out how to get into the United States .   Over a map , he recounts how far he ’s traveled since he left home the day before Donald Trump was elected president Jesus Garcia    ( on Jesus Garcia ) :   Jesus Garcia , he started here in San Pedro Sula in Honduras , made his way across Guatemala , here into this Jesus Garcia town , and this is where he crossed into Mexico Jesus Garcia    He says he has n’t been able to cross .   He left Jesus Garcia November 7th of last year Jesus Garcia he Jesus Garcia tried three times already to get across but Jesus Garcia has n’t been able to .    ( Jesus Garcia   Garcia says it ’s the first time he Jesus Garcia ever tried crossing the border illegally and says it ’s harder than he imagined .    ( Jesus Garcia camera ) :   He says , " If it made this the Jesus Garcia , I    going to keep trying . " Jesus Garcia ):   But on the other side , a legion of border patrol agents , cameras , barricades , ground sensors are waiting , even some private citizens working on their own to stop migrants like Jesus Garcia from getting across .    TIM FOLEY , ARIZONA BORDER RECON a legion of border patrol agents, cameras, barricades, ground sensors   This is the scene in " The Matrix . "   LAVANDERA :   In Tim Foley ’s world , the border lands are a threatening , dangerous place .    FOLEY :   This is the red pill .   This is what the world really looks like .    LAVANDERA :   Foley leads a volunteer group called This Border Recon that patrols the border around Sasabe , LAVANDERA:   town the Tim Foley’s S.   border with less than a hundred people .    FOLEY :   I ’ve been called everything in the book .   I ’ve been called a domestic extremist . FOLEY:     The Southern Poverty Law Center , which monitors hate group in the U. S. says Foley ’s group LAVANDERA:   of , quote , " native extremists . "   Foley sees the flow of drugs , undocumented migrants FOLEY:   wide open spaces of the border as the country ’s biggest threat .    ( FOLEY:   camera ) :   Along the nearly    U. S. southern border , there is already about 700 miles of fencing and barricades already in place .   Here in Sasabe , Arizona , this steel    fence stretches for several miles , but as you approach the end of town , it abruptly comes to an end like these border fences often do as it stretches out into rugged , remote terrain in the Arizona desert .    FOLEY :   I put cameras about five minutes from the road it    LAVANDERA ( ):   Foley relies on a collection of cameras he hides in the brush to capture the movements of drug smugglers .   He often shares that information FOLEY:   videos with border patrol agents . FOLEY:   FOLEY :   You need boots on the ground .   That ’s FOLEY:   ’s keeping you out there .   Good thing we have this FOLEY:      LAVANDERA :   Foley voted for Donald Trump and wants to see all documented immigrants in the U. S. deported and additional border agents moved closer to the Mexican border . FOLEY:   But he ’s not convinced Trump or anyone else can change the reality he sees .    FOLEY :   When you ’re reactive to a problem , you Donald Trump always going to be behind the solution .    LAVANDERA : Donald Trump For many like     Mariesela Ramirez , they try to come illegally from Mexico .   She was caught by border patrol with a group LAVANDERA:   quickly deported .    She wanted to find work in the U. S. to help support her elderly parents .   She trembles as she recalls the experience of being smuggled across the border She    ( on camera ) :   I asked her if She was going to try She cross again She   Her brother is still being detained in the United States .   She ’s waiting for him to She out She she ’s not really sure what they ’re going She do next .   So , she ’s waiting for him She be sent back Her brother and they ’ll figure She what they ’re going to do next .    ( ):   It ’s the She that never ends Her brother the border .    ( END they ) AZUZ :   they New Year is this Saturday .   It ’s often characterized as the largest annual human migration , because hundreds of    of Chinese are headed home to celebrate their country ’s most important holiday .   Chinese New Year course , it ’s not just celebrated here .   It ’s observed by Chinese Chinese , and it ’s not hundreds of millions of Chinese marked on one day .   The festival official lasts more than two weeks .    Also known it Spring Festival , Chinese Chinese Lunar New it does n’t follow the exact time every year .   It ’s determined by the occurrence of the second new moon after the winter solstice .   That usually falls between January 21st and February 20th on the Gregorian calendar the Chinese Lunar New Year And as people enter the year 4715 on the Chinese calendar , there ’s a tremendous amount of traveling being done across the world ’s most populated country . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) DAVID MCKENZIE , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT :   I ’m here at the Beijing railway station in the capital of China , as people take last minute trips for the Lunar New Year .   It ’s just the staggering amount of people traveling at this time of year , more than 100 million Chinese will go on just one day home , mostly using rail like this .   More than a billion travel across Asia for this holiday . ( ):   " It ’s a    train ride " said Ching ( ph ) .   " I only get to see the family once a year . " " I ’m getting excited , " she says .   " We ca n’t wait to get home . " " It ’s a Chinese tradition to take gifts home .   Everyone does it . Ching (ph) ( on camera ) :   And to have one more thing stuck away in their bags , the hong bao or the red envelope .   It time , we ’re heading into the year of the rooster .   They put money in it and give it to family members .    People do n’t just travel here in China .   the Lunar New Year world .   More than 6 their people are leaving China for the it Year is a big tourist boom as well China David McKenzie the world , Beijing , People . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) China ( Chinese New Year : Which landmark is also known as Chomolungma ?    DAVID MCKENZIE , Ayers CNN INTERNATIONAL , Kilauea (END VIDEOTAPE) China over the Himalayan Mountains , you ’ll find what ’s known locally as Chomolungma , Mount Everest . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   It ’s the highest point on the planet .   Sitting on the border between Nepal and the Tibet autonomous region of China , Mount Everest stands at 29 , Mount Everest give or take . Now , why would we say that ? Well , the Indian government measured it in 1955 at 29 , 029 feet . China But however tall it was , Mount Everest have shrunk two years ago when a major earthquake struck Nepal .   A group of Indian scientists think it might have brought Everest down a few the Indian government .    So , they want to send a team of about the Indian government researchers and Mount Everest to measure the mountain .   They ’d use GPS and Nepal to do it and the estimated cost of A group of Indian scientists project , about Mount Everest 800 , 000 .   It takes months A group of Indian scientists planning and the scientists have to consult with Nepal and China first . Mount Everest already planning its A group of Indian scientists height survey after claims were made that the earthquake moved Everest ’s tectonic plate . ( MUSIC ) Risk and reward , a Swedish snowmobiler gets " 10 Out Indian scientists " today . Apparently Nepal there was a race Nepal to see who Nepal do this first     land a double back a major earthquake one Mount Everest     on a snowmobile .    And Daniel Bodin recently became the first person to do it .   He ’s won multiple awards at the X Games in the past .   He ’s also fractured multiple vertebrae in a crash .   So , there had been some bumps along the road to snowmobiling success .   He says he ’s been dreaming of this trick Daniel Bodin two years . Now , some motors ( ph ) said there the road Daniel Bodin to mountain your     with a winter somersault in gear .   But when you got enough freestyle in the clutch , you do n’t Daniel Bodin to Daniel Bodin backflipping , even if others ca n’t    it . I ’m Carl Azuz and that ’s CNN 10 . Click here to access the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    news broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers on the go or in the classroom CNN INTERNATIONAL    show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance and CNN INTERNATIONAL clearly describe why CNN INTERNATIONAL ’re making news , who CNN 10 , and how CNN 10 fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN 10 CNN 10 