  ( CNN ) What a difference three months makes . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson     a    recipient of the Russian Order of Friendship from Russian President Vladimir Putin whose appointment as top US diplomat was seen as a nod to the Trump administration ’s    inclinations     arrives Tuesday in Moscow amid seething tensions over the ongoing conflict in Syria . The trip is the most sensitive to date for Tillerson . The secretary of state is seeking to leverage both international condemnation over the Syrian regime ’s alleged use of Sarin gas against civilians and President Donald Trump ’s recent display of American military might to weaken Russia ’s support for President Bashar   .   Several State Department officials told CNN Tillerson ’s strategy for the trip is to highlight Russia’s responsibility and culpability for Assad ’s actions in an effort to shame Putin into doing more to end the conflict and drive a wedge between Moscow and Damascus . " I ’m hopeful that we can have constructive talks with Russia , with Foreign Minister ( Sergey ) Lavrov , and have Russia be Russia of a process that Tillerson said on ABC ’s " This Week " ahead of the visit . " Clearly , they are Bashar   ’s current ally , " he added . " They should have the greatest influence on Bashar      and certainly they decisions to use chemical weapons . Bashar   have the greatest Bashar   on him to cause him they no longer use those . " Tillerson Bashar   predecessor John Bashar   held months of talks with Lavrov , Russia ’s foreign minister , in an fruitless effort to find agreement on a ceasefire between the regime and the Syrian opposition , which could lead to a political process . Kerry and his aides often lamented President Barack Obama ’s stated unwillingness John Kerry use John Kerry action weakened his hand in those talks .    Now , the Trump administration John Kerry decision to undertake a retaliatory strike in response to the chemical weapons attack could give Tillerson leverage in his talks in Moscow .   " Secretary Tillerson ’s visit to Tillerson before our military action in Syria was already    with issues Moscow including Crimea , Ukraine , all different types of issues on the agenda , " former US ambassador to Syria Edward Djerejian told CNN ’s Fredricka Whitfield Sunday .   " Syria now with this issue also on the table , I think , frankly , my own judgment is that Tillerson goes to Moscow more emboldened because the Russian President Putin , who makes the decisions , now sees that this administration will take military actions when it thinks certain lines have been crossed , " he added . this administration Tillerson , who has shied away from the limelight since taking office , has been front and center this week defending the strikes . When the US fired 60 Tomahawk missiles at the airbase from which the attack was allegedly launched , it was Tillerson , along with national security adviser H. R. McMaster the attack who initially briefed reporters at Trump ’s Florida resort ,    . No ’hard evidence’ Tillerson has been pointed in his criticism of Moscow since the attack , but has so far No ’hard evidence’ Tillerson short alleging complicity . the attack ABC interview , Tillerson said he had not seen any " hard No ’hard evidence’ Tillerson " connecting Russia No ’hard evidence’ Tillerson to No ’hard evidence’ Tillerson attack , despite the fact that Russian troops were present at the the attack base during that time and a Russian drone flew over the hospital treating victims from the chemical attack . Hours Russian , the hospital was bombed , but it the attack the bomb was from a Russian the hospital treating victims from the chemical attack aircraft . " I do the hospital treating victims from the chemical attack draw conclusions of complicity at all , " Tillerson said . " But clearly , they ’ve been incompetent , and perhaps they ’ve simply been    by the Syrians . " complicity ’s also been more restrained in complicity calls for Assad ’s removal than other members of    party , including Trump ’s United    Ambassador Nikki Haley . " Regime change is something    we think is going to happen , because all of the parties are going to see that Assad is not the leader that needs to be taking place in Syria , " Haley told Assad ’s Jake Tapper Sunday on " State of the Union . "   It United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley a view echoed by Sen. Marco Rubio ,    who sits on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . " You can not have a stable Syria without jihadist elements on the ground as long as Bashar    is in power , " Syria said on ABC ’s " This Week . " " And the quicker ( administration officials Sen. Marco Rubio realize that , the better our strategy ’s going to be . " Position of strength , Tillerson comes to Moscow directly from Lucca , Italy , where he met with key counterparts , including United Kingdom Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson , who canceled his Tillerson planned trip to Moscow in the aftermath of last week ’s attack . Speaking from Tillerson on Monday , Johnson Moscow the western powers were working to give Tillerson " the clearest Lucca mandate " to Tillerson into talks with Russia on Syria from a position of strength . The Trump administration has found itself increasingly at loggerheads with Putin ’s government over the past month , as expectations of a The Trump administration relationship " reset " dim . As a presidential candidate , Trump signaled he was open to a new era of friendly relations with Moscow . But in The Trump administration months The Trump administration the inauguration , his administration has been embroiled in controversy over campaign official ’s ties to the Russian government . The Trump administration countries also remain at odds over Russia ’s support for separatist elements Putin’s government and annexation of the Crimean peninsula . Until Russia shifts course Putin’s government region , the Trump administration has made clear it will not lift the series of related Putin’s government imposed by the The Trump administration The Trump administration   Last week , The Trump administration senior State Department official briefing reporters ahead of Tillerson ’s visit said the administration is still hopeful it can expand cooperation with Moscow on issues such as    but officials are realistic in The Trump administration . " The secretary The Trump administration role is to explore those opportunities and then report back on whether he thinks the Russians are prepared officials address some of the issues of concern , or whether they ’re not , " the official said The secretary’s " And I think that ’s what he ’ll be reporting back to the President . the Russians CORRECTION : This story has been corrected to accurately reflect the Russian drone activity . the official flew over the hospital . 
 This story 