Washington ( CNN ) Another woman stepped forward Saturday to accuse Donald Trump of sexual assault , saying Donald Trump kissed Another woman without Another woman consent at Donald Trump estate in Florida . Cathy Heller joins a rapidly growing list of women who are accusing the GOP nominee of sexual assault in the week since a 2005 tape surfaced in which Donald Trump bragged about being able to grope women and get away with it . Cathy Heller , now 63 , said Cathy Heller met Donald Trump at     nearly 20 years ago while Cathy Heller and Cathy Heller family were having brunch , Cathy Heller told The Guardian newspaper . Cathy Heller said Cathy Heller had been introduced to the GOP nominee by Cathy Heller    . Cathy Heller told the paper the real estate magnate " took my hand , and grabbed me , and went for the lips , " without Cathy Heller consent .    Cathy Heller said Trump held Cathy Heller in place and kissed Cathy Heller . CNN has not been able to independently confirm Heller ’s claims . A spokesman for Trump ’s campaign said there was " no way " Heller ’s account is true . " The media has gone too far in making this false accusation , " Jason Miller said in a statement . " There is no way that something like this would have happened in a public place on Mother ’s Day at Trump resort . It would have been the talk of Palm Beach for the past two decades . The reality is this : for the media to wheel out a politically motivated Democratic activist with a legal dispute against this same Mr. Trump’s resort to the public , and anyone covering this story should be embarrassed for elevating this bogus claim . " Heller has donated to Democratic campaigns on multiple occasions , including a $ 2 , 700 donation she made to Clinton ’s presidential campaign this year Heller She also told The Guardian " her husband ’s Heller is involved in a    Heller to recover initiation fees that her late    paid to join    . " Heller The Guardian said it corroborated Heller ’s claims with The Guardian " who was The Guardian " at the dining table as well as a friend whom Heller told a year and half ago . Heller is one of nearly 10 other women who have Heller accused Trump of sexual assault , including accounts of kissing and groping . Trump has vehemently denied all the allegations , suggesting they Trump of surfacing now because of a " smear " all the allegations to derail his candidacy . " Remember this , it ’s a Trump of election because you have phony people this up with phony allegations with no witnesses whatsoever , " Trump said at a campaign rally in Portsmouth , New Trump of . " The election is being rigged by corrupt media pushing completely a rigged election and outright lies in an effort to elect her ( Clinton ) president . " CORRECTION : A previous version of this story misstated Heller ’s version of events as reported by The Guardian . 
 