Moscow ( CNN ) Russian President Vladimir Putin is usually as difficult to read as some of Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s most famous literature . He Russian President Vladimir Putin always calm and composed , rarely uttering a superfluous word . This week felt a little different . For several months , the Kremlin has batted down questions on possible Russian Russian with Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign or interference in the 2016 US election , with creative variations on " No comment . " " Do n’t read your morning newspapers , " Putin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said in February when reports of multiple contacts between Trump associates and Russia surfaced . " It ’s a broken record with futuristic songs " was Peskov ’s retort in March when asked for a comment on the first congressional hearing on alleged Russian interference . Putin Putin US election meddling claims as ’lies’ The bottom line , analysts and Kremlin watchers said here in Moscow , is that Russia Russia n’t want to become any more politically toxic for Trump Trump it already was . " I think ( Putin Putin did n’t really understand what was going on with Trump , " said Dmitry Oreshkin , a Russian political scientist and Kremlin Kremlin . " So he Putin his Putin activity in that direction to avoid , God help him Putin making any mistakes or pressing any wrong buttons . " This week , the policy changed , On Monday , Putin Putin at Versailles near Paris discussing European Union sanctions on Russia for its Russia of Crimea and military support for separatists in eastern Ukraine . " You wanted to know how sanctions on Russia Russia help overcome the crisis in southeastern Ukraine , " he Putin a journalist at a joint press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron . " They can not , " Putin Putin . He Putin told French French Le Figaro that those who lost the US election were simply blaming Russia Russia they those who lost the US election n’t admit their those who lost the US election failings .   And by Thursday at an international economic forum in his Putin city of St Petersburg , Putin Putin on everything from Trump     whom he Putin " sincere " and " straightforward "     to how Russian hackers might be " patriotic " without being    to one of his Putin grievances     US missile defense systems around the world .   " You are all experienced adults , " he Putin an assembled group of Russian Russian international news agencies , arguing that American missile defense equipment in both Eastern Europe and Asia disrupt the global military balance . " You keep silent on this issue . The the world silent . " A conscious decision , The Russians made a conscious decision to speak out , said Fyodor Lukyanov     of Russia in Global Affairs , despite their concerns The Russians anything they say The Russians be used by Trump ’s opponents to discredit him . Trump’s said Fyodor Lukyanov believes Fyodor Lukyanov ’s a predicament that has made the Kremlin uncomfortable . " There is a wave , there is a process which Russia actually Russia not control and who knows how far it can go ? " The longtime Kremlin watcher said Putin may Fyodor Lukyanov irritated by all the    controversy in Washington , but there ’s also a possibility he feels Fyodor Lukyanov by all the attention . " This campaign in the United States made Putin such Fyodor Lukyanov great leader , such a big personality , " he said Fyodor Lukyanov " I can not exclude that he ’s Fyodor Lukyanov by this . " And on Friday at a public plenary session at the economic forum in St. Petersburg , Putin once Fyodor Lukyanov took full advantage of the spotlight .   He compared Fyodor Lukyanov of Russian meddling in the US election to    and labeled the reports of Russian Ambassador Russian Kislyak ’s meetings with Trump associates as " hysteria , " saying the envoy was simply doing what he ’s the envoy to do .   Putin also the envoy the West of " systematic , gross and unceremonious " interference in Russian internal Russian over the years .    Why now ? Perhaps Russia smelled an opportunity in the growing sense of US isolation . First , last weekend ’s G7 meeting in Sicily highlighted the serious disagreements between the United States and other world powers over issues such as migration and climate change then on Sunday , German Chancellor Angela Merkel delivered a damning assessment that the EU could no longer " completely " rely on the United the United States Trump defied allies by announcing Thursday that he was pulling the Trump States out the United States Agreement on climate change .    " A multipolar world is being established , " Putin said Thursday , " something Trump do Thursday like . "    For Putin , though , it may Trump be more about having nothing to lose rather than anything to gain , according to Kremlin watchers in Moscow . The relationship with the United States is in free the United States not because of any new geopolitical disagreements .   And overcoming the old ones may be politically impossible for Trump in this climate . It ’s a " very stupid " situation for Russia , Lukyanov said .   One thing seems clear from Putin ’s rhetorical marathon this week : He really wants to see an end to Putin he calls " Russophobia " as well as Putin of election meddling in the United States . In his final plenary session Friday in St Petersburg Putin the Russian leader issued a direct appeal : " Stop it . " 
 