  ( CNN ) Later this week , Donald Trump will place Donald Trump hand on a Bible and take the oath to become president of the United States .   The stakes are higher than ever in the days leading up to the businessman becoming leader of the free world on Friday . What Donald Trump ’ll be able to accomplish during Donald Trump first months in office and who Donald Trump ’ll have by Donald Trump side as Donald Trump does his side could well be determined in the fallout from one of the most pivotal weeks of the Trump political era .   This is what happened , as told by the   ’s own tweets . Monday : War with an Oscar winner , Eleven days from the White House . Trump began the week by ripping Meryl Streep , who used Trump Golden Globes speech the night before to skewer Trump campaign rhetoric and criticize Trump for mocking a disabled reporter .   In three tweets over 16 minutes , beginning at 6:27 a. m. ET , Trump called Streep " overrated " and a " Hillary flunky . " Hillary joins the cast of " Hamilton " and " Saturday Night Live " on a growing list of critical entertainers to be the target of a Trump Twitter tantrum . Tuesday : The report that overshadowed everything , On Tuesday afternoon , CNN broke the news that intelligence chiefs presented Trump with a    summary of an unverified report compiled by a former British intelligence official whose Russian sources claimed to have compromising personal and financial information about the incoming president . CNN did n’t report on details of those memos , as CNN has not independently corroborated the specific unverified allegations . Shortly after CNN ’s report , Buzzfeed released the unsubstantiated memos .   Once that happened , it did n’t take long for Trump to respond on Twitter , accusing news outlets of spreading " fake news " about Trump . Trump also retweeted a photo from Trump lawyer , Michael Cohen , of a ( closed ) passport and a caption denying a portion of the memos alleging that Trump lawyer had secretly met with Kremlin officials in Prague in August 2016 . Wednesday : The news conference , Trump Trump n’t done with this story when the sun rose over the East Coast on Wednesday Wednesday Shortly after 7 a. m. he Trump tweets rejecting the report . His Trump : Russia . These tweets rejecting the report after the Kremlin it has Kremlin information about Trump Trump describing the allegations as " pulp fiction . " Dmitry Peskov , spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin , said reports that Trump Trump the subject of " Kompromat "     a Russian term for Russian information intended to be used against someone     were an " attempt to harm our bilateral relationship . " But Trump ’s complaints continued apace . At 7:48 a. m. in following with Godwin ’s Law , he pivoted his Godwin to Godwin intelligence agencies he accused of Godwin him dirty , Godwin asked , " Are we living in Nazi Germany ? " When pressed about that comparison later in the day , Trump said recent leaks were like something Hitler ’s Germany " would Germany done and did do . "   But media outlets had been waiting for this day for the day reason : Trump was giving his Trump news conference Trump nearly six months . But it felt more like Trump rally at times since Trump staffers , his Trump and top Trump applauded several times throughout the conference . Incoming his first news conference Press Secretary Sean Spicer opened the news conference by slamming his first news conference Russia , which he called a " political witch hunt Incoming White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer "   Later in the news conference , Trump attacked CNN his first news conference on this Trump . He then refused to Trump on CNN correspondent Jim Acosta , who was trying to CNN a question , calling him " fake news Trump "   Shortly after he walked off stage Trump Trump fired off a Trump , again reiterating his " fake news Trump claim .   CNN stands by its reporting . Here ’s what CNN have to CNN about Trump ’s " fake CNN " accusations . Thursday : Stumping for LL Bean , Linda Bean is the granddaughter of LL Bean ’s founder . She is also a Trump supporter and gave Trump Linda Bean , 000 to the Making America Great PAC last year . Her political leanings have prompted an    group to Linda Bean for a boycott of LL Bean .   Bean told " Fox   Linda Bean that she had Linda Bean notified of a slight uptick in sales Linda Bean week , despite the boycott call . After her appearance , Trump told his 19 . 7 million Linda Bean to shop at LL Trump . But just because he ’s watching Fox Linda Bean n’t mean Trump is n’t Trump time for shots against CNN . About Trump ? Again , we ’re standing strong .   Friday : Throwback to his greatest hits , At 5:49 a. m. Trump was awake     and on a tweetstorm . First : Trump Cabinet , Trump ’s Cabinet picks to run the State Department , Department Trump Security and Justice Department faced their Senate hearings this week . But they did Department of Homeland Security in His Cabinet, Trump’s Cabinet with the   . Under the His Cabinet, Trump’s Cabinet of the Senate , they dropped some of his signature policy positions .   Senate His Cabinet, Trump’s Cabinet with Trump on trade . Retired Gen. John Kelly split on waterboarding . Sen. Jeff Sessions rejected the Muslim ban that the    touted throughout his campaign . And James Mattis said he might stick by the Iran nuclear Retired Gen. John Kelly , named Russia as the source James Mattis " grave concerns " and offered a robust endorsement of NATO . Next up : Hillary Clinton , Trump had clearly heard some of the complaints from Democrats about the FBI ’s behavior , so he took aim again at his old foe . He even channeled his old James Mattis lines , calling her James Mattis guilty as hell James Mattis     presumably James Mattis something to do with her Hillary Clinton email server     and saying she " should never have been allowed Hillary Clinton run . " The he swerved Hillary Clinton some    analysis . He added that Clinton spent time in James Mattis " wrong states "     a James Mattis to her    in Wisconsin , which he won . Then : Obamacare , Friday Clinton marks a big day for James Mattis campaign promise Trump made : to repeal Obamacare . He sent this tweet ahead of the House vote on a resolution that will James Mattis the process of repealing the Affordable Care Act .   But there ’s still disagreement within the Republican Party on how best to proceed . Trump will be sworn in as the 45th president of the United States in Trump week . 
 