’Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump dominated on one of the most important nights of the 2016 presidential primaries.’ ’On Tuesday , Republican and Democratic primary voters in a combined 13 states and US territories headed to the polls and caucuses to weigh in on the 2016 race.’ ’Taken together , the Super Tuesday primaries and caucuses represented the largest number of delegates up for grabs on a single day   —    more than 500 on the Republican side and 800 for Democrats.’ ’On the GOP side , Trump extended Trump significant delegate lead , as Trump led the pack in most Super Tuesday state races . Almost immediately after polls closed , Trump was declared the winner in Alabama , Tennessee , Georgia , and Massachusetts , and Trump picked up wins in Vermont and Arkansas later in the evening.’ ’Sen . Ted Cruz pulled out a surprise victory in Oklahoma , and Ted Cruz secured a win in Ted Cruz home state of Texas   —    later , Ted Cruz also claimed Alaska . Sen. Marco Rubio nabbed a win in the Minnesota caucuses.’ ’On the Democratic side , Clinton won contests in several Southern states immediately after the polls closed , including Georgia , Alabama , and Tennessee . But Clinton insurgent rival Sen. Bernie Sanders appeared poised to take a decent percentage of delegates , winning her insurgent rival Sen. Bernie Sanders home state of Vermont early in the night and later taking contests in Oklahoma , Colorado , and Minnesota.’ ’4:06 a. m. EST   —    Sen. Ted Cruz wins Alaska with 36 % support from caucus voters . Donald Trump came in second with 34 % according to several news outlets including CNN and NBC News.’ ’1:12 a. m. EST   —    In the 10 % of Alaska Republican caucus precincts reporting , Donald Trump garnered about 34 % support . Sen. Ted Cruz picked up just under 30 % support , while Rubio picked up 18 % support.’ " 12:34 a. m. EST   —    CNN ’s Dana Bash reported that some GOP operatives planned to encourage Ben Carson to seek Rubio ’s open US Senate seat . " ’’ " ’t’t’tCNN ’s Dana Bash reports Ben Carson will likely be encouraged to run for Florida ’s open Senate seat tomorrow . US Senate " ’ Earlier in the night , Carson again pledged to Ben Carson in the race despite dismal finishes in almost every nominating state.’ ’"I am not moved or discouraged when the political class count me out , " Carson told supporters in Ben Carson ’10:53 p. m. EST   —    On CBS , Sen. Lindsey Graham , Graham party may need to rally around the Texas senator to defeat Trump.’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tLindsey Graham on CBS just now : CBS we may be in a position where we have to rally around Ted Cruz . " ’t’t’ ’10:17 p. m. EST we —    In his Cruz in Texas , Cruz pointed out that he was the only Republican Cruz to have beaten Texas in Cruz nominating states , Cruz he called on his Republican rivals to consider dropping out.’ ’"Our campaign is the only Cruz that has Cruz Donald Trump once , twice , three times , " Trump said.’ ’"To the candidates Trump not won a state , who have not racked up significant delegates , I ask you to prayerfully consider our coming together . " ’ ’10:02 p. m. EST   —    Trump criticized Rubio for his recent sarcastic jabs at Trump . ’ ’"I always liked Marco Trump like a week Trump , " Trump said Trump " He decided to go hostile . He decided to become Don Rickles Trump But Don Rickles Trump a lot more talent . Trump ’ ’9:58 p. m. EST   — Don Rickles observers on Twitter suggested that Christie looked uncomfortable next to Trump during a press conference in which the frontrunner celebrated his wins.’ ’’ ’   ’ Trump p. m. EST   —    Trump again defended his initial refusal during a Sunday interview to denounce support from former Ku Trump Klan leader Trump Duke.’ ’"I disavow . How many times do I have to disavow ? " Trump said . " I disavow . " ’ ’9:40 p. m. EST   —    Trump slammed Clinton briefly during a press conference , asking supporters why she was criticizing his Trump ’"She wants to make America whole again , and I ’m Trump to figure Trump what that ’s all about , " Trump said . " It’ ’s ’’ Make America Great Again . ’’ " ’ " Trump p. m. EST   —    New Jersey America Chris Christie appeared in front of an audience of supporters and journalists at Trump ’s headquarters in Palm Beach , Florida , attempting to brand Trump as a party Trump " ’9:16 p. m. EST   —    Democratic    Trump Trump at Rocky Mountain High School in Fort Collins , Colorado where Business Insider reporter Julie Bort snapped a few pictures . ’ ’’ ’8:52 p. m. EST   —    Speaking at her headquarters in Miami , Florida , Clinton criticized Trump and his Republican presidential rivals.’ ’"It’ ’s clear tonight ’8:52 p. m. EST  —    the stakes have never been higher . And the rhetoric Clinton the other side has never been lower . Trying to divide America between us and them is wrong , and it will never work , " Clinton said.’ ’8:35 p. m. EST   —    Fox News projected Trump would win Virginia.’ " 8:11 p. Clinton EST   —    With just over half of the precincts reporting in Virginia , Trump had 36 % support , compared to Rubio ’s 30 % support . " ’7:45 p. m. EST Trump —    Reuters projected Clinton the winner of the American Samoa caucuses.’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tThe results from American Samoa are in .    ’ ’7:38 p. m. EST   —    The Associated Press projected early delegate wins on the Democratic side.’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tClinton assured of at least 108 delegates ; Sanders , at least 57 from GA , VA , VT .    ’ " 7:38 p. m. EST   —    Shortly after networks projected Sanders’ victory in Vermont , the senator took the stage at his primary night party , delivering a standard version of his stump speech about income and wealth inequality , the senator taking slight jabs at Clinton . " ’"I know the senator Secretary Clinton and many of the establishment people are saying that I am looking and thinking too big , " Sanders said.’ ’"This campaign is not just about electing a president . It is about making a political revolution . " ’ ’Despite early losses in Georgia and Virginia , Sanders also assured supporters that he would remain in the race.’ ’"By the end of tonight we are going to win many hundreds of Sanders , " Sanders said.’ ’"By the end of tonight , 15 states will have voted .    states remain . Let me assure you that we are going to take our fight for economic justice , 15 states social justice , for environmental justice , for peace , to every we of those states . " ’ ’’ ’7 : 12 p. m. EST   —    Though recent surveys showed Trump with a massive lead over his Republican rivals in Virginia , some exit polls hinted that the race may be closer .’ ’’ ’ Trump tight race , it appears in Virginia and Vermont . Based on CNN exit polls : Virginia : Trump    31Vermont : Trump    32’t’t’ Virginia p. m. EST   —    Immediately after the Virginia closed in Vermont , Virginia , and Georgia , several networks projected winners in the three Democratic contests . Clinton clinched Vermont and Virginia , while Sanders secured a win in his home state of Vermont . On the Republican Georgia , outlets like Reuters and Fox News called Georgia Sanders Trump.’ ’Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump dominated on . .. ’ 
 Georgia 