Texas Governor Greg Abbott said it is time for the GOP to support Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . Texas Governor Greg Abbott said there was no option to sit it out saying , " We have no second chance to get this right . " [ The governor of the Lone Star State explained that America is at " a tipping point . " " People have to participate if we are going to put America back on the right track , " Abbott said while appearing on CNBC .   Abbott Abbott Texas Senator Ted Cruz in February but said that Trump will be far better for the America would Hillary Clinton . Breitbart Texas Texas ’s Abbott of Cruz in February Texas Senator Ted Cruz The February senator Texas ’s Abbott general in Abbott’s of the Texas Attorney General when Abbott was Abbott general . He called Abbott his friend Abbott Breitbart Texas Senator Ted Cruz was in Houston Texas Texas when Abbott told Abbott of enthusiastic supporters at a rally that the United States was at a crossroads . " We need a president that will lead us down the right path , " We said Abbott endorsing Cruz . He invoked Abbott words Texas Senator Ted Cruz Ronald Reagan saying that Americans were just one generation away from losing their freedom . At that time , Americans Governor Abbott Americans were facing not only real dangers from ISIS but urged that " our own leaders " are failing to stand up for First Amendment rights of free speech and other fundamental constitutional rights . He said the Abbott was targeting groups and treading on the rights of freedom of association and charged that " the elites " and those on the east coast were targeting Second Amendment rights . He added that Abbott property rights were under attack and said the EPA was targeting farms in Texas . When on CNBC , the Texas Governor Abbott " nothing more than an Texas of the Obama agenda , if not far worse . " He said he has seen Abbott in Abbott Republican Party before . He said , " This Abbott something that we ’ve been through every four years . " Abbott explained that the same situation happened when Mitt Romney and John McCain were running for president . Abbott said , there is " no opportunity to sit Abbott out , " people must participate " if we are going to put America back on the right track . " He admitted , " I may or may not agree Abbott everything that Donald Trump stands for , " but added that he did not agree with everything that Romney or McCain Donald Trump for . Abbott cited as examples Mitt Romney regulating John McCain energy industry , Abbott international issues such as ISIS or the immigration system , and empathically stated , " I know that Hillary is far worse for America than Donald Trump would be . " " So I think Donald Trump unite understanding that we can not take four or eight more years of the Obama agenda , " the Texas Governor predicted . Lana Shadwick is a writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas . She has served as a prosecutor and associate Texas Texas . Lana Shadwick her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2 
 Texas Lana Shadwick 