Cleveland ( CNN ) Former New York gubernatorial candidate and Donald Trump backer Carl Paladino doubled down Friday on a threatening email Former New York gubernatorial candidate and Donald Trump sent to an    delegate last week , saying an   delegate should not get an   delegate " underwear . .. all bunched up " about it . Carl Paladino sent an email to Utah delegate Stefani Williams telling an   delegate an   delegate should be " hung for treason " last week , according to a copy forwarded by Williams Utah delegate Stefani Williams CNN and first posted on Renew America . The an email after Williams posted Utah delegate Stefani Williams open letter on the conservative grassroots advocacy group ’s website calling on delegates to " dump Trump . " " You should be hung for treason Stefani . There will not be a Republican Party if you attempt to replace Trump . Trump ’ll be in your face in Cleveland , " the email an email    rebellion quashed , Paladino , a Buffalo businessman who unsuccessfully ran for New York governor in 2010 and has been an outspoken supporter of Trump and    Trump New York Trump New York reacting to the effort by some delegates to deny Trump the nomination Trump for someone else despite primary results . That plan was designed to attempt to deny him the majority he Trump need to Trump the nomination . The effort was dealt a the effort by some delegates to deny Trump the nomination by voting for someone else despite primary results late Thursday night at the RNC Rules Committee . Reached by CNN to comment on the email to Williams , Paladino stood behind his original note     calling the Paladino of hanging and being " in your face " a " colloquialism . " " What the person was proposing is to encourage violation of the rules of the Republican Party under which Donald Trump rose legally to be the presumptive candidate , " Paladino emailed CNN . " The Paladino is CNN treacherous to the party in doing so and the Republican Party the colloquialism is appropriate     and if the person ’s underwear is all bunched up over his or her sensitivity to my reaction the person then the person the person if he or she ca the person the heat the person what the person or she dished out , then get he or she kitchen . " The Trump campaign had no comment on Paladino ’s words .   It ’s not the first time the brash businessman has The Trump campaign into controversy . Earlier this month , an    tweet from Paladino ’s staff , which was deleted , looked like Paladino’s calling for the lynching of Attorney General Loretta Lynch . During Paladino ’s gubernatorial bid in 2010 , he also faced Paladino for explicit and racist emails he Paladino sent to friends . 
 Paladino 