Friday caps a wildly busy week , especially out of Washington . There was Donald Trump ’s news conference . There was the    dossier on Donald Trump’s and Russia . And then there were the confirmation hearings for the   ’s cabinet nominations . One of the nominees , Jeff Sessions for attorney general , was described in a Times profile leading up to the confirmation hearings for the  ’s cabinet nominations as having Christian values . " Mr. Jeff Sessions " the profile a Times profile leading up to the hearings as having Christian values " offers an uncompromising brand of conservatism that combines Christian and    values with strains of populism and a willingness to say the unpopular , or even offensive . " That description drew fire from several readers . The public editor ’s take : I contacted the writers , Sharon LaFraniere and Matt Apuzzo , to ask about their intent . the writers, Sharon LaFraniere and Matt Apuzzo wanted to the writers, Sharon LaFraniere and Matt Apuzzo readers that they were not the writers, Sharon LaFraniere and Matt Apuzzo to use Christian values as a    for any specific policies . They also said the writers, Sharon LaFraniere and Matt Apuzzo were n’t the writers, Sharon LaFraniere and Matt Apuzzo to assert whether he lives a good Christian life , only that he is a he Methodist who views his religion a he factor . Seems reasonable . I do appreciate , however , that the phrase used in this way could be seen as equating Sessions’ views to those of all Christians . It implies a universality to " Christian values " in a way that might offend Christians who do n’t share them .   Christians in the news this week was that unsubstantiated Trump dossier . We , of course , received a number of emails on the topic , and this office has been looking into it . Here this office one common reader complaint . The public editor ’s take : It sounds as if you came upon a rare link here to the BuzzFeed article . I ’m told that Times staffers were given clear instructions not to link to it , but it appears one it briefly did so . Given how much of a point The Times made Times Times being unsubstantiated , it would have been the dossier it both ways to the dossier to publish the documents but then link to BuzzFeed .   Another reader pointed out that while The Times emphasized that Times Times the dossier were unsubstantiated , the dossier not go to such the claims in the dossier were unsubstantiated in covering Hillary Clinton ’s scandals during the presidential election . This week Trump also decided to give his     Jared Kushner , a Trump in his government as a senior White Trump adviser . The Times covered the decision thoroughly , giving readers a better view into the man ’s background . But some readers took issue with his religion being noted often , the man’s in a story noting that Trump and his advisers , a group that Trump Kushner , had met on a Saturday even though Kushner typically observes the Sabbath strictly Kushner The public editor ’s take : The Times guidelines say such references to religion should be used when relevant to the news . In this case , Trump often cites Kushner ’s relationships Trump Israel and Kushner Jewish faith as reasons he Kushner be effective in dealing Kushner Middle East issues . As to Kushner meeting on the Sabbath , Kushner senior editor for standards , Greg Brock , notes that The Times offered similar explanations when Senator Joseph I. Lieberman was running for president .   Brock also said , " I Greg Brock see why a reporter or editor might have included the reference to Kushner ’s religion because it is Kushner type of question another reader might very well ask : Why is Kushner attending meetings and not observing Kushner Sabbath ? I do n’t know that the reference was necessary , but the reference to Kushner’s religion seems legitimate . " The public the reference to Kushner’s religion ’s take : I agree with Brock . When relevant yes , Greg Brock that ’s not a license to do it without context .   Another reader flagged what he thought was a conflict between the Another reader and news side . Kinsey Wilson , executive vice president for product and technology , gave a good explanation of how this happens that applies to advertising generally : Another reader pointed out that The Times accidentally quoted a spoof account in its story on London transportation strikes   The Times    and is still using the quote . A rare and refreshing reader note came in last week . The reader wrote in simply to thank Another reader . We hope you all enjoy the long weekend Times journalists 
 