  ( CNN ) Since succeeding his father in 2011 , North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has impressed and confounded with his rise from political novice to adept operator . Last month , North Korean ’s political elite from Pyongyang and across the country descended on the capital for the Supreme People ’s Assembly , a largely symbolic meeting which Kim attended in his Kim as chairman of the Workers’ Party of Korea . Speeches at the event praised the " guidance of respected Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un , " according to North Korean state media KCNA .    As he is once again feted by the Korea political class , how has the young leader fared over the brief course of his rule the young leader Economy , Since taking the reins of power over five years ago , the scion of the Kim dynasty has done a remarkable job of consolidating his power the scion of the Kim dynasty remodeling the country Korea own image the scion of the Kim dynasty says Choi    associate professor at Yonsei University ’s Department of Political Science and International Studies in South Korea . " We ( are only looking ) at five years of his leadership , the scion of the Kim dynasty Choi tells CNN Choi    " He ’s trying the scion of the Kim dynasty lot of things at the same time . He has reformed the scion of the Kim dynasty economy far greater than his father , the scion of the Kim dynasty hugely advanced the country ’s nuclear and missile capabilities . " Nick Bisley , executive director at La Trobe University in Melbourne , says security in the form of the nuclear program is a prerequisite to any serious attempt at North Korean economic reform . " Only when they feel confident that they have their they weapons they the security they have with they will we see economic reform , " he says . that The most optimistic ( outcome ) is that it follows the China model     once secure it follows a the China model     economic reform but ( even in that case ) we wo n’t see any political reform . " Trump , Xi face North Korea dilemma , Consolidation of power , Consolidating his power has Trump, Xi key to Kim ’s rise , and much of this has been done in a brutal , bloody manner .   One report from South Korean think tank , the Institute for National Security Strategy , claims he has ordered Trump, Xi executions of at least 340 people since he came to Trump, Xi in 2011     140 of whom were senior officers in the country ’s government , military and ruling Korean Worker ’s Party .   Of all the killings , few have the notoriety of his execution of Trump, Xi uncle by Trump, Xi , Jang Song Thaek in 2013 .   Kim was an unknown quantity when he assumed power Kim 2011 and many watchers looked at him as being Kim into power by Jang . His abrupt removal Kim a sign Kim was removing Kim last vestiges of the old guard , Bisley says .   " The demonstration of the power of the central     to say ’you’re out,’ and you ’re gone     is central to totalitarian regimes , " says Micheal Madden , associate at North Korea thinktank 38 North .   By making it particularly visible , with state media declaring Jang a " traitor for all ages , " Kim made sure Kim was no dissent to the decision .   " The way it happened , that they did this in state media , this is a this Jong Un characteristic , " Madden says . The high visibility of Jang ’s removal Jang mind public purges not seen since the 1950s . " A lot of people doubted the stability of leadership when Jang was arrested , Jang Choi says . " But I argued that his power was consolidated Jang the degree that he could purge his Jang 2 . Jang Everything is pretty locked down for Kim now , Bisley says . " People who watch this closely think that the current phase of purging is done . " However , the reported execution of five deputy    officials in February of this year , who were working under disgraced state security chief Kim Won Hong , suggests that the purges may be still ongoing . North Asia on a knife ’s edge : Whose position is strongest ?   Nuclear program , Key to securing his leadership is attaining the    goal of nuclearization . The regime is in the final stretch of a long program to obtain the weaponry , and with it the stature of The regime part of the exclusive nuclear club . " There is a sense that nukes are a    part of North Korean identity , security and place in the world , " says Bisley .   The country ’s constitution was altered in 2013 to reflect its place as a constitution power , and while both the nuclear and missile programs still suffer setbacks , there is a definite sense , globally , that it is only a matter of time before North Korea yields a small but effective arsenal .   Since Kim came to power , the program he inherited has leaped Kim , says Choi .    The missile program has the program he inherited orbit     albeit to a questionable degree of success     and " advanced its    missiles and ( taken the program he inherited steps towards ) the successful miniaturization of a nuclear warhead , " Choi added . And while the Choi is still bound by loyalty to Kim , what has greatly benefited the weapons program is " professionalization the program he inherited says .   " Kim Jong Un has promoted a lot of people who were n’t previously known . .. based on merit not loyalty , " which has allowed competency to rise to the top , he says . North Korea : Nuclear timeline Choi Princeling or savvy young ruler ? While Kim took power at a young age , Kim of the inner circle remains a " gerontocracy , " says Madden . Kim , who is understood to Madden in his early 30s     information about his birth Madden is not publicly available     Madden still the youngest guy in the room , agrees Bisley . It is unlikely that a new generation is in a position to take over running things alongside Kim .   " Unless there ’s a real political transformation , it ’s going to continue to be loyalty to Kim , " Bisley says . It is Kim " first Bisley most important and only currency for influence . " However , he is changing some of the Stalinist tropes Madden characterized his father ’s , and grandfather ’s , Madden .   " Kim Jong Un has n’t done much in terms of the perpetuation of the cult of leadership around himself . No lapel pins with his face Madden them there is not a Madden of great effort to portray him like his father and grandfather , " Madden Choi Madden Choi likens the first five or so years Choi the Kim Jong Un era as the " booster Kim Jong Un During these early years he ’s worked hard     and on often ruthlessly     Choi put the stamp of his leadership on the country . And as the North Choi elite meet once again to celebrate the achievements of the party , Kim ’s position as ruler of one of the world ’s    nations appears to be relatively unassailable . How could Trump go it alone on North Korea 
 nations 