Washington ( CNN ) Rep. Mike Bost said Thursday Rep. Mike Bost regretted invoking a racially insensitive term and reference to explain why Rep. Mike Bost would not hold    town hall events . The Illinois Republican ’s comments were reported by The Southern Illinoisan , whose editorial board met with Rep. Mike Bost last week . The Southern Illinoisan, whose editorial board met with him last week discussed Rep. Mike Bost lack of    town hall events , and Rep. Mike Bost said such events would be an unproductive use of Rep. Mike Bost time and used the derogatory term " Orientals " in the process . " The amount of time that I have at home is minimal , I need to make sure that it ’s productive , " Bost told the Illinoisan . " You know the cleansing that the Orientals used to do where you ’d put one person out in front and 900 people yell at them ? That ’s not what we need . we need to have meetings with people that are productive . " Bost told CNN in a statement that Bost regretted Bost choice of words for creating a distraction and said there was " no malicious intent . " Bost also called on people not to disrupt town hall events . " I used a poor choice of words in describing the coordinated disruptions taking place across the country . While there was no malicious intent , I regret that my words may have distracted from an important point , " Bost said . " When the booing and shouting drowns out the conversation we ’re trying to have with we constituents , it becomes that much harder to govern . it ’s time for Republicans and Democrats to get back to the point where we can disagree on the issues but give everyone a chance to have everyone voice heard . " Following reports of Bost ’s comments , William Lo , who identified himself as a    constituent from Carbondale , Illinois , reached out to CNN to express himself concerns . Lo , who said himself manages a Chinese restaurant owned by himself parents , said the comments took himself back and that Bost ’s response to criticism was " kind of an empty statement . " himself said the remarks recalled    bullying himself had faced growing up and that Bost’s comments were making himself rethink himself support of the congressman , who himself said himself had voted for and looked up to . " Asians are always misrepresented , " himself said . " People do n’t always think of Asians facing racism , but we do . " Lo , who said himself was a Republican , also said the " bigger question " was Bost ’s lack of town hall events , adding , " That ’s himself job . " Additionally , Dave Trotter , who said himself was also from the district and the founder of Indivisible    said Bost Bost’s demonstrated " racial insensitivity . "    When himself was a member of the Illinois state House , Bost Bost national attention after raging during a session on pension reforms where himself screamed throughout an impassioned speech , at one point exclaiming , " Enough , I feel like somebody trying to be released from Egypt . Let my people go . " Bost Bost compared town hall events in the current political climate to " struggle sessions , " a    practice where the Chinese Communist Party under Chairman Mao Zedong had people punished by bringing them before the people who would rage at and humiliate the person , sometimes until his or her the person .   A former member of the Maoist Red Guard told CNN last year : " At the height of the movement in 1968 , people were publicly beaten to death every day during struggle sessions others who had been persecuted threw themselves off tall struggle sessions others who had been persecuted . " Since President Donald Trump has taken office , Republicans across the country have faced crowds at their town hall Republicans across the country filled with people expressing anger and concern . In response to the news , California Democratic Rep. Judy Chu , a    took to Twitter , saying , " ’Orientals’ perpetuates fear of # AAPIs as foreigners   certainly is n’t a good excuse to skip town halls . " Chu is the California Democratic Rep. Judy Chu of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus , which issued a tweet using similar language to Chu . Last California Democratic Rep. Judy Chu , the federal government moved to stop using the terms " Oriental " and " Negro " after former President Barack Obama signed the change into law . The bill passed the House without dissent .   Bost was among those who voted in favor of the bill . The bill time , the bill ’s sponsor The bill Democratic Rep. Grace Meng , said : " The term ’Oriental’ has no place in federal law , and at long last , this insulting and outdated term will be gone for good . " CORRECTION : An earlier version of this story misidentified a constituent from Bost ’s district . It was Bost . 
 