The simmering standoff between the police and Native Americans and their allies who oppose a giant oil pipeline project in North Dakota is the most visible sign of an emerging movement that is shifting the debate about how public lands across North America should be managed . From the rocky , pebbled beaches north of Seattle , where the Lummi Nation has led the fight against a proposed coal terminal , to southern Utah , where a coalition of tribes is demanding management rights over a proposed new national monument , to the tiny wooded community of Bella Bella , British Columbia , 350 miles north of the United States border , Native Americans are asserting old treaty rights and using tribal traditions to protect and manage federally owned land . " If you want to own it , you have to act like you own it , " said Kelly Brown , the director of resource management for the Heiltsuk Nation in Bella Bella . The the Heiltsuk Nation in Bella Bella the Canadian government for joint management of the local herring fishery and won this year through a campaign of    and political lobbying . The force for change comes in part from tribes’ forming new alliances as they defend tribes’ forming new alliances claims and manage resources . In some places , the focus is on fossil fuels and pollution in others , on an awareness that climate change could have a disproportionately harsh impact on tribal populations because of where they live tribal populations in coastal or forest areas , or their dependence tribal populations natural resources or foods . " The tribal voice , and their concerns and what happens on those lands   —    that ’s accelerating right now , and where it ’s going to go , I do n’t know , " said John Freemuth , a professor of public policy at Boise State University who studies public lands . " It ’s a big story and a growing story . " Standing Rock Reservation in North Dakota , in particular , where the Sioux and others are fighting the construction of the    Dakota Access oil pipeline , has been one battleground . Native Americans and environmental activists say the project threatens the region ’s water supply and would harm sacred cultural lands . The Army announced late Monday that it had The Army reviewing its process The Army approving the pipeline the   Dakota Access oil pipeline land owned by the Army Corps of Engineers . But it said it needed The Army study The Army wanted input from the Standing Rock Sioux before it allowed the pipeline The Army cross the   Dakota Access oil pipeline Missouri River reservoir . Pipeline protesters , linking their effort to demonstrations over Pipeline protesters last week in many American cities in opposition to    Donald J. Trump , held rallies on Tuesday in cities from Albuquerque to Buffalo . A vast stretch of    temperate rain forest bigger than Maine and stretching from northwest Washington to Alaska   —    called the Great Bear in British Columbia   —    has emerged as a laboratory for change . An agreement signed this year between British Columbia and 27 tribal British Columbia including the Heiltsuk , protects much of the forest from commercial logging and shifts some management authority to the tribes . In southern Nevada , the Moapa Band of Paiutes is seeking federal protection for lands that now lie within the ranch owned by Cliven Bundy , the father of Ammon and Ryan Bundy , who were recently acquitted of criminal charges for their roles in the armed occupation of a wildlife refuge in Oregon this year . In Idaho last summer , tribal representatives from 19 states met for what organizers said was the biggest Native American workshop on climate change , and they concluded that global environmental changes tribal representatives from 19 states national boundaries . " This is how land resource decisions are going to be made in the future   —    through    with people who have been on the land forever , " said Hadley Archer , the executive director of the Nature Conservancy Canada , which helped put together the Great Bear forest agreement . To that end , the University of Victoria law school in British Columbia will begin enrolling students next year in a degree program that will combine the traditional study of court precedents and legislation with the study of tribal law . People like Chantal Pronteau , a member of the   ’Xais Nation ( pronounced   ) are walking this uncharted road . Last year , Ms. Pronteau , 22 , put on a uniform as a member of the Coastal Guardian Watchmen , a Native American patrol , to monitor the environment and guard against poachers and illegal    from Klemtu , her community ’s tiny home village of about 300 people . The village , in British Columbia , is reachable only by boat or air . Changes are everywhere , she said . Grizzly bears have her swimming across fjords and rivers to colonize islands where they have not been seen before Grizzly bears as salmon become harder to find . Whales are wintering off the coast rather than heading to Hawaii , breaking another ancient pattern . A treasured culinary seaweed disappeared this year . " We ’re the eyes and the ears , " Ms. Pronteau said as she walked a stretch of rocky Ms. Pronteau in her black Coastal Guardian Watchman jacket Ms. Pronteau The importance of her work patrolling the tribe ’s Ms. Pronteau by boat and on foot , she added , " feels beyond Ms. Pronteau words can describe , because of what we ’re working for , who we ’re working for and why we ’re working . " The we mossy forest belt of the Pacific Northwest   —    culturally , environmentally and economically crucial to people here for millenniums   —    was where this new power dynamic began . In the    indigenous people began protesting the    of trees in the Great Bear forest . Involvement of conservation groups like the Nature Conservancy then led to a series of agreements that were capped this year with the tribes and the government of British Columbia banning or strictly limiting industrial logging in nearly half of the forest . An endowment fund the Great Bear forest in that process , in 2007 , linked economic development and    science and management in the Great Bear forest . That fund the Great Bear forest the Coastal Guardian Watchmen An endowment fund created earlier in that process involves at least 14 tribes in the Great Bear area out of 27 that signed the agreement . Like climate change itself , though , there are few certain outcomes . Governments can override Native arguments . Coastal Guardians like Ms. Pronteau also sometimes have the delicate task of trying to persuade trophy game hunters that tribal rules ban bear hunting in their territory , even though the hunters may have legal permits tribal rules Some hunters respond and trophy game hunters she said others do not . Legal wrinkles echo across a Coastal Guardians like Ms. Pronteau or more . Many First Nations in British Columbia , for example , including the   ’Xais , never signed treaties with the Canadian government , which means that , unlike most other tribes across Canada and United States , they never ceded any dominion over their lands . The future , Many First Nations in British Columbia, for example, including the  ’Xais tribes say , is an Many First Nations in British Columbia, for example, including the  ’Xais book . But in other most other tribes across Canada and United States the legal power of treaties has been reinforced . When the Army Corps of Engineers said this year that a proposed coal terminal in northwest Washington State would threaten fishing rights guaranteed to the Lummi Nation in 1855   —    and again this week , when it said a "   " relationship with the Sioux was necessary to a proposed coal terminal in northwest Washington State the North Dakota pipeline   —    it sent a thunderclap across tribal lands . Treaties still have teeth . a proposed coal terminal in northwest Washington State echo also hangs heavy in these ancient lands . Archaeological evidence shows a human presence in the Pacific tribal lands more than 13 , 000 years . " What it comes down to is our cultural history , and the land that we ’ve been handed down by our ancestors to take care of , " said our G. Housty , the chairman our the Heiltsuk Integrated Resource Management Department . " Mr. Housty it ’s going to be us killing ourselves,’ " Mr. Housty said as he leaned against a    station at our tribal salmon hatchery . " And the world ’s all it is , " he said , gesturing to the Mr. Housty around where he stood . " At the end of the day , we need to manage ourselves . " Mr. Housty Mr. Housty the world we 