  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump stood by Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Thursday , releasing a statement saying Sessions did not make any misleading statements under oath during President Donald Trump confirmation hearings , but that President Donald Trump could have been more accurate in President Donald Trump responses to lawmakers . " Attorney General Jeff Sessions is an honest man . President Donald Trump did not say anything wrong . President Donald Trump could have stated President Donald Trump response more accurately , but it was clearly not intentional , " Trump said . " This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they Democrats supposed to win . The Democrats are overplaying their The Democrats . They The Democrats the election and now , they The Democrats lost their The Democrats on reality . The real story is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information . It The real story a total witch hunt ! " Earlier Thursday , Sessions bowed to intense political pressure and recused himself from any investigation related to Trump ’s 2016 presidential campaign . Sessions acted after it emerged that he had failed at his he confirmation hearing to disclose two    meetings with Russia ’s ambassador to Washington , at a time when Moscow was accused of interfering in the presidential race . " I have decided to recuse myself he any existing or future investigations of any matters related in any way to the campaigns for President of the United States , " Sessions Sessions reporters . Later Thursday night , on Fox News , Sessions said he he to submit a " supplement " to the record of his he testimony , detailing the meetings he he n’t mention at the time . " My response went to the question indicated about the continuing surrogate relationship that I firmly denied and correctly denied , and I did not mention in that time that I had met with the ambassador , " Sessions told host Tucker Carlson . " So I will definitely make that a part of the record as I think is appropriate . "    Sessions explained that he he to recuse himself he any investigations into the campaign , but he he take decisions on investigations into Russian hacking " on a     basis . " Sessions said the decision to recuse himself he his he to the Senate Judiciary Committee to avoid any semblance of a conflict of interest between his he role and previous position as a strong supporter of the Trump campaign . It was also the result of consultations with career Justice Department officials , he he . Sessions did not disclose meetings with Russian ambassador , The attorney general ’s news conference was the culmination of a day of steadily rising political pressure over the issue . Democrats demanded he he and accused him he lying to Congress . Many Republicans , feeling the political heat and growing increasingly concerned that the Russian Russian was about to spin out of control , had been forced to call for Sessions to offload ultimate responsibility for an FBI probe into links between Trump ’s campaign and Russia . Sessions went ahead and did just that , despite strong support from the White House . Aboard an aircraft carrier in Virginia , Trump Trump’s reporters he Trump’s " total " confidence in Sessions Sessions Asked if Sessions should recuse himself Trump’s the Trump’s : " I do n’t think so . " White House spokesman Sean Spicer meanwhile billed the day of controversy arising from news of the meetings between Sessions Sessions Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak as a " partisan thing that we ’ve seen over and over again . " " This continues to be a question of : there ’s no there there , " Spicer said White House spokesman Sean Spicer If nothing else , Thursday ’s intrigue served as another reminder that questions over Trump ’s attitude toward Moscow and the Kremlin ’s apparent operation to sow discord in last year ’s election are issues that will return again and again to confound the White House . In this case , questions about Russia served to halt the President ’s victory lap after his    the President’s to Congress on Tuesday night . The Russian drama has already led to the departure of another Trump ally and top political appointee     former national security adviser Michael Flynn     also over contacts with Russian ambassador Russian . Earlier on Thursday , Democrats had sensed new vulnerabilities for the administration over Russia     and relished taking the battle to Sessions . " ( That ) the top cop in our country Russia oath to the people is grounds for him to resign , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi told reporters Thursday . " He has proved him he is unqualified him unfit to serve in that position of trust . " Several Republicans , many of them increasingly uneasy Republicans the implications of the evolving Russian drama , had called on Sessions to recuse himself from any probe into ties between the Trump campaign and Moscow . " Attorney General Sessions should recuse himself to ensure himself confidence in the Justice Department ’s investigation , " said Sen. Susan Collins , the Maine Republican who introduced Sessions at his confirmation hearing himself January . " I think the attorney general himself his testimony . And I himself think he should recuse himself , himself said Rep. himself Chaffetz , the Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee . Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio and Rep. Darrell Issa of California also called for Sessions to recuse himself . But Sessions appeared Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio and Rep. Darrell Issa of California take the Sessions off Republican anxiety with his late afternoon news conference Republican " Attorney General Sessions did the right thing by recusing himself , " said Republican Republican Judiciary Committee chairman Bob Goodlatte . Sen. Shelley Moore Capito ,    Virginia , told CNN : " I think if he made that judgment I Republican that ’s in the best interest of everything .   I ’m glad he did it quickly . Republican Sessions that judgment on two separate Sessions with Russia ’s ambassador to Washington , encounters the Alabama Republican did not disclose during his confirmation hearing on January Republican . At the hearing , Minnesota Democratic his confirmation hearing on January 10 Franken asked Sessions what he would do if there was Minnesota Democratic Sen. Al Franken evidence that anyone affiliated with the Trump campaign communicated with the Russian government . " I the Russians of any of those activities . I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did not the Trump campaign communicated with the Russian government with the Russians , " Sessions said . Franken told CNN ’s " New Al Franken " on Thursday that statement appears to be false . " I am going to be sending ( Sessions ) a letter to have him explain himself , but he made a bald statement that him the campaign him had not met with the Trump campaign communicated with the Russian government , " Franken him . " That ’s the Russians . " On Twitter , Massachusetts Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren warned that Sessions should never have been confirmed at all , but now there is reason to remove him . " Now Jeff Sessions is AG     the final Massachusetts Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren on the law Sessions into ties between the Trump campaign   Russia ? What a farce . This is not normal , " she tweeted . " This is not fake news . This Massachusetts Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren a very real   serious threat to the national security This the United States . " With Sessions’ decision , oversight of any probe involving Trump ’s 2016 campaign will likely fall to acting Deputy Attorney General Trump . Democrats would prefer the appointment of a special prosecutor to investigate questions about Russia but appear to lack sufficient leverage to bring about such a step . Sessions : ’This allegation is false’ Sessions has drawn a distinction between his role as a Trump surrogate and his duties as a senator and ’This denied ever discussing Trump issues with ’This from Russia . " I never met with any Russian officials to discuss issues Russia the campaign , " he said in a statement . " I have no idea what this ’This is about . It is false . " Sessions’ spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said there was this allegation " misleading about his answer " to Congress because he " was asked during the hearing Sessions’ spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores communications between Russia and the Sessions’ spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores campaign     not about meetings he took as a senator and a member of the Armed Services Committee Sessions’ spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores " " Last year , the senator had over 25 conversations with foreign ambassadors as a senior member Sessions’ spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores Armed Services Committee , including the British , Korean , Japanese , Polish the Armed Services Committee , Canadian , Australian , German and Russian ambassadors , " Isgur Flores said in the statement .   Meetings with Russian ambassador   According Sessions’ spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores Justice a statement Sessions met with Kislyak in Sessions on the sidelines of Russian Republican convention , and in September in his office when Sessions was a member of the Senate Armed Services committee . Sessions , then the junior senator from Alabama , was an early Alabama backer Trump’s regular surrogate for him as a candidate . Kislyak is Russian ambassador Kislyak by US intelligence to be one of Russia ’s top spies the junior senator from Alabama spy recruiters in Washington , according to current Russia former senior US government officials . Kemlin spokesman Dmitri Peskov stated that Russia has never interfered and has no plans to ever interfere in the Russia affairs of other countries , speaking to journalists Wednesday . This story has been updated . 
 