Detroit ( CNN ) More than a dozen protesters on Monday interrupted Donald Trump ’s speech laying out Donald Trump’s economic proposals in what Donald Trump’s had hoped would be a tame and scripted affair before a receptive audience . Thirteen women stood and protested Donald Trump’s speech before the Detroit Economic Club , foiling his Donald Trump’s to offer a contrast with his Donald Trump’s rallies . The women , affiliated with a progressive group called the " Michigan People ’s Campaign , " said they The women, affiliated with a progressive group called the "Michigan People protesting his Donald Trump’s comments about sexual harassment in the workplace as well as his Donald Trump’s proposals . The a progressive group called the "Michigan People in a press release Trump ’s plan would not restore manufacturing jobs as the businessman asserted . Trump revises Trump’s plan , raises top rate , The shouted interruptions , timed just a few minutes apart , forced Trump to Trump’s pause his remarks Trump’s campaign and security officials rushed from one protester to the next to escort them out campaign and security the venue . As the number of interruptions mounted , Trump appeared Trump’s frustrated , but resisted his    Trump’s Get ’em out " line intended to rile his supporters Trump’s " It ’s all very well planned out , " Trump said Trump’s . Several interruptions later , Trump turned Trump’s derision : " I will say , the Bernie Sanders people had far more energy and spirit . " A fourteenth protester , a man , also interrupted Trump as Trump’s neared Trump’s end of his speech Trump’s this time with a different agenda . " Tiny hands ! Tiny hand ! All you got is tiny hands ! " the man A fourteenth protester, a man he was ejected A fourteenth protester, a man the venue . Trump did Trump’s miss an opportunity to capitalize on the protests , sending out a fundraising missive to supporters just hours after leaving the stage . " A group of    protesters interrupted me over 10 times , " Trump wrote Trump’s " But the protests are the protests to get louder , the attacks will get nastier , and the lies will get more vicious . We need all hands on deck to cut through the noise , and get our message straight to We American voter . " 
 