Greenville , South Carolina ( CNN ) It ’s a simple question , but one that stops Republican presidential hopefuls in Republican presidential hopefuls tracks : Who do you think is the greatest president alive today ? CNN posed the question to several White House contenders gathered here recently at the Freedom Summit , a daylong conference with conservative activists ahead of next year ’s primary in this crucial    state .   " Obviously the greatest president of my lifetime is Ronald Reagan , " said Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal .   " I ’ll leave that to the people to decide , " said Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , which is his guaranteed    line for questions his does n’t want to answer . " Certainly the greatest president of recent generations was Ronald Reagan . " " I was a big fan , a very big fan of Ronald Ronald Reagan " real estate mogul Donald Trump said .   Ronald Reagan Ronald Reagan you might recall , has been dead for 11 years .   There are reasons why these White House hopefuls are suddenly shy when pressed on their thoughts about these White House hopefuls five surviving presidents .   They ca n’t these White House hopefuls Jimmy Carter , whose presidency is synonymous in GOP circles as weakness , or President Barack Obama , a man whose legacy they all have spent years trying to vanquish . Bill Clinton is a Democrat and the husband of Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton     Bill Clinton ’s out . Bill Clinton That leaves the two Republicans : George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush , father and brother , respectively , of Jeb Bush , the George H. W. Bush of Florida who is preparing his own bid for Bill Clinton Republican nomination . And an endorsement for a Bush could be construed as George H. W. Bush for Jeb Bush by proxy . George H. W. Bush also know that if you say George W. Bush is the greatest George H. W. Bush well , then you ’re on camera saying you think George W. Bush is the greatest living president George H. W. Bush will have a field day . In 2008 , GOP nominee John McCain did n’t want to tie his campaign lasso to Bush , and neither do these GOP nominee John McCain eight years later George H. W. Bush   That might explain why former Texas Gov. Rick Perry ignored the question completely , walked away and hooted , " Bye y’aaaaall " on his way out .   Or why Ben Carson , former Texas Gov. Rick Perry retired neurosurgeon , paused for several seconds before he just gave up . " I do n’t know former Texas Gov. Rick Perry " he said .   Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum gets former Texas Gov. Rick Perry credit for threading the needle : " Probably a Bush , " he said , and then escaped up a wheelchair ramp Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum   Well , at least almost everyone on the Republican campaign trail can agree : The late Ronald Reagan is America ’s greatest ( previously ) living president . 
 