Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey revealed Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey has " complicated " feelings about    Donald Trump utilising   Donald Trump social media platform . [ In a speech at the Code Commerce Conference in California , Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey was asked if Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey felt in any way responsible for the election of   Donald Trump as president of the United States . " America the United States responsible for Donald   Donald Trump president , " replied Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey , agreeing that Trump had   Donald Trump utilising his social media platform utilised Twitter in a more effective manner than any of his opponents   Donald Trump utilising his social media platform    " He ’s   Donald Trump utilising his social media platform how to use it for    some time , " said Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey , referencing    Trump      Donald Trump utilising his social media platform use of the social media platform . " I think it ’s    important time for the company and service . And having the    on our service , using it as    direct line of communication , allows everyone to see what ’s on his mind in the moment . I think that ’s interesting . I think it ’s fascinating . I have n’t seen that before . " Dorsey elaborated on real time information in the digital age , saying , " We ’re definitely entering a new world where everything is on the surface and we can all see it in the surface time and we can have conversations about it . the surface does that go ? I ’m not really sure . But it ’s the surface been fascinating to learn from . "   Discussing his feelings ’m    Trump ’s use of the platform , Dorsey stated that this feelings his feelings on   Trump’s use of the platform : " I feel very proud of the role of the service and what it stands for and everything that we ’ve done , and that continues to accelerate every single day . Especially as it ’s had it a spotlight on it through his it and through the election . " With Twitter ’s crackdown on conservative opinions , such as permanently banning Breitbart Senior Editor MILO , and their recent announcement conservative opinions, such as permanently banning Breitbart Senior Editor MILO new tools to censor " hate speech , "    Trump may have to choose his words wisely   Trump he wants to   Trump on the social media platform . Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter Lucas Nolan _ or email him at lnolan@breitbart Lucas Nolan com 
 