Washington ( CNN ) For the second weekend in a row , nonprofits tasked with welcoming refugees to the United States are reacting to a sudden , major shift in the policies that govern nonprofits tasked with welcoming refugees to the United States work . A week ago , President Donald Trump signed an executive order suspending resettlement for 120 days and initiating a review of the vetting procedures used to approve applicants to come to the United States .   Then Friday , a more welcome surprise for refugee groups : A federal judge in Washington reversed several key provisions of the executive order , paving the way some refugees to enter the country the United States Amid the celebration , however , there is also concern and trepidation about how long the ruling will hold , and how many refugees will actually be admitted . " I feel like our whole world has been turned " Danielle Drake , community relations manager at the Cleveland nonprofit US Together , told CNN Saturday . " The executive order came in so quickly , no one was prepared for it , " The executive order said . no one We had zero our . " Two of the families Drake was working with had to cancel their flights . Two of the families Drake had already no one up apartments for them and was Two of the families Drake the landlords were willing to return the security deposits . Since Friday ’s court ruling , Drake said she Drake been Drake " cautiously optimistic " but she still has Drake sense that " at any minute , the rug ’s going to get pulled out from under my feet . " Funding for resettlement groups is also in question as the administration and the courts each consider the future of the US refugee program . If the administration is given the    to move forward with its    suspension the    Drake estimates US Together will have to lay off at least half its staff . Drake One of the other very difficult aspects of the executive order was the financial implications faced by the local resettlement offices , " Sarah Krause , a senior director for the national resettlement agency Church World Service , told CNN . " Limited as that funding may be , " she continued , Drake it is what that funding to maintain the capacity of an affiliate office . " The State Department has been coordinating with CWS and other agencies to provide guidance on what Friday ’s court ruling means for them in practical CWS and other agencies . As of Saturday afternoon , CWS had been CWS that flights were expected to resume early next week and continue for at least the next two weeks . Local agencies are rebooting to accommodate the expected newcomers . " People will do whatever is necessary to meet that challenge , " Krause said . " This is a challenge we welcome and look forward to meet . " Once refugees are vetted and approved for travel to the United States , the agencies coordinate their arrival with the agencies International Organizations for Migration , the Department of Homeland Security , the State Department and the refugees’ host country . It ’s a process that can take time . But for refugees still awaiting approval to go to the United States the United States created by the executive order and subsequent legal challenges has left them in limbo . That refugees still awaiting approval to go to the United States due , in part , to a provision of the Trump administration ’s order that was not overturned in Friday ’s court ruling     a provision capping total refugee admissions at 50 , 000 for the 2017 fiscal year , which ends October 1 . More than 30 , 000 refugees had already been admitted to the US before the new policy went into effect , according to State Department data , leaving just under 20 , 000 spots open . " That ’s a big problem and a huge disappointment , " Mark Hetfield , president and CEO of the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society told CNN Saturday . " But it ’s still going to make a big difference in the lives of nearly 20 , 000 people . " 
 