Senator Ted Cruz ( ) is providing a review of the first presidential debate on Facebook:[Tonight , a clear contrast was drawn between the two nominees . Tonight , Hillary Clinton made it clearer than ever that if elected President , our future will continue on the same path that is hurting millions of Americans . If Hillary Clinton is elected , our know that the havoc Obamacare is wreaking on American families , on small businesses , and on our healthcare system will continue . our know that President Obama ’s relentless efforts to crush the oil and gas industry and to wage war on coal will continue . our know that the President Obama administration ’s willful blindness to radical Islamic terrorism and the influx of unvetted refugees from nations infiltrated by terrorists will continue . our know that President Obama ’s lawless executive amnesty will continue and even expand . If Clinton is elected , we know that a liberal justice will be named to fill Scalia ’s seat and we will lose the Supreme Court for a generation . With that , we know for a certainty that we right to keep and bear arms , we religious liberty and federalism are in danger . Tonight we received insight into what a Hillary Clinton presidency would look like for Americans . We know that Hillary Clinton policies would kill jobs , reduce wages , and continue the downward spiral our country has endured under President Obama . Tonight , Donald Trump had Donald Trump strongest debate performance of the election cycle . Donald Trump drew strong contrasts with Hillary Clinton on taxes , regulations , law and order , and the disastrous Iran deal . Rather than Hillary Clinton ’s America , we need to take a different path . A path that would begin to restore our country from the damage our country has suffered the last eight years . We need to unite to defend freedom and restore the Constitution . And Hillary Clinton made absolutely clear tonight she Hillary Clinton not do so . It ’s interesting that none of the issues Cruz mentions in the first part of his Cruz were actually discussed in depth during the first debate , and most were n’t mentioned at all : ObamaCare Obama ’s war on oil , gas , and coal Syrian refugees Obama ObamaCare Obama executive amnesty Supreme Court justices protecting the Second Amendment religious liberty or federalism .   Trump touched on the      effects of statist policies , but there ’s a lot more to be said about the absurdity of Clinton ’s plan to encourage    job creation by taking more money away from the private sector . Perhaps Cruz was using his Trump message to supply Trump Trump some ammunition for the second debate . After the first one , Trump Trump have no illusions that mainstream media moderators will bring up any of these issues on their mainstream media moderators . 
 