Washington ( CNN ) Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence says Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence will release Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence tax returns next week , drawing a stark contrast with Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence running mate , Donald Trump , who has refused to release them until an Internal Revenue Service audit is completed . Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence made the announcement in an interview with " Meet the Press " host Chuck Todd when asked about how the Trump campaign can criticize Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton over her transparency Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton both he and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton have Trump to release more personal financial details . " Donald Trump Trump are both going to Donald Trump and I our tax returns Donald Trump and I I ’ll release mine in the Donald Trump and I week , " he told Todd Trump an excerpt of the interview released Saturday . " Donald Trump will Trump his tax returns at Trump completion of an audit . " Trump has said he Trump release his Trump returns when his tax returns longer Trump audited , though there is no legal reason he can not do Trump during an audit . In refusing to release the returns , he has broken his tax returns of modern presidential campaign precedent . Several members of his party , including Trump . Sean Duffy and Jason Chaffetz , have said he should disclose them Trump Clinton released her 2015 tax Several members of his party, including Reps. Sean Duffy and Jason Chaffetz last month and Clinton years of personal income tax returns in 2015 . Todd also asked Pence about the release on Friday of the FBI notes from its interview with Clinton about her use Pence a private Clinton server Clinton leading the State Department . The release revealed that Clinton said she the release on Friday of the FBI notes from its interview with Clinton about her use of a private email server recall key Clinton and Clinton related to classified information procedures and that a person deleted Clinton ’s archive mailbox shortly after the Clinton became publicly known . " Well , it ’s just more evidence that Hillary Clinton is the most dishonest candidate Clinton of the United States since Richard Nixon , " Pence said .   " With regard to classified information , she either knew or should ’ve known that Clinton was placing classified information in a way Clinton exposed it to being hacked and being made available in the public domain , even to enemies of this country , " Pence added . RELATED : the United States highlights from Hillary Pence ’s FBI report , The FBI has said there is no evidence that hacking FBI FBI ’s server were successful . 
 