  ( CNN ) The reporting coming out of The New York Times and CNN is explosive : Deposed FBI Director James Comey wrote a memo following a February 14 meeting with Donald Trump in which Deposed FBI Director James Comey says the President told Deposed FBI Director James Comey " I hope you can let this go " in regard to fired aide Michael Flynn ’s role in the ongoing investigation into Russia ’s efforts to influence the 2016 campaign . If true , that is almost the textbook definition of obstruction of justice , a charge that could well lead to impeachment proceedings . " Reluctantly I have to say yes , " independent Maine Sen. Angus King told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer Tuesday night about the prospect of impeachment if the claims in the Comey memo are true . Interactive : The many paths from Trump to RussiaGiven those incredibly high stakes , the White House has come out forcefully     insisting that Comey memo as reported misrepresents the tenor of the conversation on that February day .   " While the President has repeatedly expressed his the President that General ( Michael ) Flynn is a decent man who served and protected our country , the the President never asked Mr. Comey or anyone else to end any investigation , including any investigation involving General Flynn , " a White House official told CNN in a statement . " The President the President utmost respect for our law enforcement agencies , and all investigations . This is not a truthful or accurate portrayal of the conversation between the President and Mr. Comey . " Pushback , Here ’s the problem with that statement     and the broader pushback against the story , which was first reported by the Times’ Michael Schmidt : To believe it , you have to make all sorts of assumptions that seem very unlikely to be true . The first and most important is that Comey is either lying or badly misunderstood a     conversation     more on that in a minute     between himself and the Comey of the United States .    If Comey is lying Comey ask yourself why . Why would the    director lie     in real time     about a meeting he had with Comey President of the United States the United States would that possibly serve ? If you think Comey just misinterpreted Comey meeting , his history a meeting he had with the President of the United States stuff would suggest that ’s wrong . His detailed memory Comey an attempt by    House chief of staff Andy Card and    House counsel Alberto Gonzales to   House General John Ashcroft , sick in the hospital , to reauthorize the domestic spying program in 2004 , wound up being validated . The second big issue with the White House story is , why would Trump ask Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Vice President Mike Pence to leave the room before making the request of Comey unless Trump knew that what he was doing Trump extremely iffy     Comey wanted to avoid witnesses ? Or perhaps he knew that Sessions or Pence might Comey him before he even made the ask Comey he Comey n’t want that problem ? Comey only possible explanation I could come up with is that Trump , always a believer in his Trump of persuasion , thought he Comey be able to convince Comey Comey easily in a     setting Comey with Pence and Sessions around . But that Pence far less likely , knowing Trump , than the other two alternatives for asking the room be cleared . And then , finally , is the context into which this latest bombshell lands . Trump ’s entire presidency     and his Trump, transition to the presidency     Trump, been dogged by questions about his campaign ’s ties to Russia . Trump, Flynn , who was forced to resign as national security adviser after he repeatedly misled Pence and others about Trump, interactions with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak Trump, to Carter Page , a    Trump foreign policy adviser , to Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort , to Trump gadfly     and sometimes Trump adviser     Roger Stone , there Trump been a slew of reports that raise questions about the appropriateness of the interactions between the Trump campaign and Russian officials . While Trump has repeatedly dismissed the Russia story Trump " fake news , " he acknowledged in an interview last week Trump NBC ’s Lester Holt that Comey ’s handling of the Russia investigation Trump a role in his Russia to fire the FBI director Trump " And in fact when I decided to just do it , I said to myself , I said ’you know , this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is Russia    story , it Russia an excuse by the Democrats this Russia thing with Trump and Russia having lost an election that they should have won,’ " Trump told the Democrats .   Trump has Trump and Russia acknowledged that he directly Trump and Russia Comey whether he was Trump and Russia investigation and insisted that Comey on three separate occasions , Comey said he was not . But Comey allies Comey disputed the idea that Comey FBI director would have done so Trump and Russia of control , The problem for Trump now is that the story is spiraling totally Trump and Russia of control . Given all that we now know about Trump , Comey and the FBI ’s Russia investigation , it is going FBI FBI near impossible for Republican Russia investigation leaders to avoid actively seeking out the Comey memo as well as any taped conversations between Trump and Comey . ( Trump seemed to float the idea late Comey week that Trump and Comey may have a secret taping system , but the Trump and Comey House has refused to comment on it since that Friday tweet . ) Utah Republican Rep. he may have a secret taping system Chaffetz , in a tweet Tuesday , summed up lawmakers’ appetite to read the memo : " @GOPoversight is going to get the Comey memo , if it exists . I need to see it sooner rather @GOPoversight later . I have my subpoena @GOPoversight ready . " If Comey ’s memo     when Congress gets its hands on Comey says what the Times’ and CNN Congress reporting says Congress does ( and I am betting it will ) then Congress ’s presidency becomes in serious and Congress peril . The burden of proof shifts to Trump and the White House to show that what Comey wrote in the memo was simply incorrect . And , Comey a recording Comey’s memo    when Congress gets its hands on it     conversation that proves Trump right and Comey wrong , that is going to be very Trump and the White House to Comey . Everything in Trump ’s first 116 days in office     and there ’s been Trump and the White House lot of it     was survivable in a political sense . If the Comey memo winds up being accurate , this one might not Comey’s memo    when Congress gets its hands on it     