Republican presidential nominee Donald J. Trump and Republican Democratic opponent Hillary Rodham Clinton are tied in the battleground state of Nevada , the latest Breitbart News    Marketing survey shows . [ Both Trump and Hillary Rodham Clinton are at 46 percent each , while Libertarian Gary Johnson is at three percent and the Green Party ’s Dr. Jill Stein is at one percent . Five percent remain undecided . Technically , Dr. Jill Stein is not on the ballot in Nevada .   Nevada ( October 27 , 2016 ) by Breitbart News on Scribd ,   Nevada ’s six electoral votes —   which will go to the winner of the state , Trump or Clinton —   are crucial to either ’s path to 270 electoral votes , the threshold necessary to win the presidency , on election day . The new survey , which polled 875 registered voters in Nevada with a margin of error of 3 . 3 percent , was conducted on Oct. 25 . That means The new survey, which polled 875 registered voters in Nevada with a margin of error of 3. 3 percent was done before the FBI reopened its the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s illicit home brew email server , which the the FBI Friday afternoon . On the Hillary Clinton email question , when asked in the poll whether the FBI the FBI the FBI decision or wrong decision to not indict Clinton , a majority —   50 percent —   of Nevadans surveyed said the FBI made the FBI the FBI . Only 45 percent said the FBI made the the FBI the FBI 5 percent were unsure . A majority in the poll do not think the poll is on the right track and also want to change directions from the path that President Barack Obama —   an ally of Hillary Clinton —   has the country on .    percent America is on the wrong track , America to 42 percent who think the country is moving in the right America 6 percent do n’t know . Also , 54 percent want the country to change direction from the path America put America on , while just 42 percent want to America on Obama ’s path and 4 percent do n’t know Obama Trump and Clinton have high unfavorability numbers . A majority , 54 percent , view Trump as either strongly or somewhat unfavorable , and 52 Trump think so of Clinton . In Nevada ’s U. S. Senate race , Clinton Republican candidate Rep. Joe Heck ( ) is not faring as well as Trump in the state . In fact , Democratic candidate Trump Cortez Nevada beating Heck by 6 points —   leading him 50 percent to 44 percent , with 6 percent unsure Democratic candidate Catherine Cortez Masto   well outside the survey ’s margin of error . Heck ’s failure to rise to the occasion in the poll against Masto in the race to replace outgoing Democratic Senate leader Sen. Democratic candidate Catherine Cortez Masto Reid ( ) comes after he ’s openly criticized Trump in the state . The Nevada poll numbers on other issues like trade , immigration , the media ’s handling of the election coverage , Obamacare and more all seem to match general national polling results . 
 