’   ’ ’    The Trump administration reportedly looked into lifting US    sanctions on Russia just days after the president’ ’s inauguration ,    and one former official at the State Department said that if    those efforts were successful ,    would have given the Russians    " exactly what Russians wanted in exchange for absolutely nothing . " ’ ’ and     reported    on Thursday that the State Department officials scrambled in January    to push back on orders from the Trump administration to begin    looking into lifting sanctions on Russia . ’ "    One of those officials , Tom Malinowski , who stepped down as    President Barack Obama ’s assistant secretary of state for human    rights on January 19 , corroborated those reports in an interview    on Friday . " ’    " I heard after stepping down that , unsurprisingly , the White    House was beginning to consider drafting the actual substance of    a deal with the Russians , " Malinowski told Business Insider .       That doesn’’t mean any decisions had been made , but as you would    expect for a president who campaigned on getting rid of       to chummy       , his doesn’’t    immediately started charting ways forward to achieving that . " ’ "    But despite President Donald Trump ’s insistence on making the    best deals , in this case , it seems the US would n’t have gotten    much in return . " ’’ ’    Malinowski and Daniel Fried , who was the chief US coordinator for    sanctions policy until he retired in late February , had to lobby    Congress to halt the development of the    package    after government officials began ringing " alarm bells about    possible concessions being made " to Russia , Malinowski said . ’ "    Fried told   that US    government officials called him in a panic after receiving the    White House ’s request . " ’    " Please , my God , can’’t you stop this ? " Fried   Fried them    asking . ’ "    The revelation that Trump prioritized a review of the sanctions    during his    week in office comes as the FBI scrutinizes his    campaign ’s contacts with Moscow . There has been speculation about       any collusion occurred that involved a promise to lift       in exchange for Russia ’s meddling in the US    presidential election , which some argue may have helped Trump    win . " "    It also comes one week after The Washington Post reported that    Trump ’s     and senior adviser , Jared Kushner , met with    Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in December and   line of communication to Moscow using    Russian facilities . " "    Trump   Trump former national security adviser , Michael Flynn , was also    at the meeting . He   Trump reportedly assured Kislyak   Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak at least one    phone call during the transition period that the Trump    administration would review the sanctions imposed by Obama as    punishment for Russia ’s annexation of Crimea in 2014 and hacking    campaign in 2016 . " ’    Malinowski said on Friday that he Malinowski shocked to hear that the    administration was considering " giving the Russians exactly what    they the Russians in exchange for absolutely nothing , " echoing Fried’ ’s     that the the   administration prepared to rescind    sanctions " in exchange for , well , nothing , " ’ ’    Malinowski Malinowski that during the campaign , he Malinowski his Malinowski    found Trump’ ’s comments " bizarre because there are obviously not a    lot of votes to be gained by campaigning on a    platform .    So we didn’’t understand where that was coming from . " ’ ’    But he said didn’’t was didn’’t too surprised when he learned didn’’t Trump    had explored lifting the sanctions so early on . ’ ’    " The one thing Trump has Trump    consistent about for the last year    is his strange Trump    to Putin , " Malinowski said . " One    expects new presidents to move rather quickly on the things that    are most important to them . new presidents ’ "    Upon hearing from the former diplomats , Russia hawks like    Democratic Sen. Ben Cardin and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham    acted swiftly to halt Trump ’s efforts . " ’    The senators ’ "   Upon hearing from the former diplomats, Russia hawks like   Democratic Sen. Ben Cardin and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham      on February 8 , which would give Congress veto power over    any    package affecting Russia proposed by Russia    White House . Republican Sen. Bob Corker , the chairman of the    Senate Foreign Relations Committee ,   he would    allow the bill to come to a vote if Secretary of State Rex    Tillerson did not make progress soon on improving relations with    Russia on the Russia civil war . ’ ’    The White House did not immediately respond to Business Insider’ ’s    request for comment . But a senior White House official The White House    that the administration was " The White House the sanctions   —    and    this is not exclusive to Russia . " They added that they were The White House waiting to The White House if Russia lives up to its Russia to help end Russia the war in Ukraine . ’ ’    " All the sanctions regimes have mechanisms built in to alleviate    them , " the official All the sanctions regimes . " It’ ’s been our hope that the Russians    would take advantage of that . " ’ ’The Trump administration reportedly looked into . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 