  ( CNN ) Orania is not prime real estate by any stretch of the imagination . The settlement west of the Orange River in Northern Cape , South Africa lies on arid and    land baked by the harsh summer sun and frigid through the dry winter . It ’s farmable , but not easy , requiring strong backs and callused hands . Rising above the scrub the town ’s symbol flutters atop a flagpole , a young boy rolling up his sleeves , preparing to knuckle down and transform this landscape . the town’s ’s a romanticized image for a romanticized notion : a place where Afrikaners can be Afrikaners . Tough , resourceful and making do descendants of Dutch settlers and proud of the town’s . A remote farming town of approximately 1 , 300 , Orania by this description is unremarkable . Except Orania by this description is not . Instead , the community has gained a notoriety beyond the community modest means as a parochial enclave within the Rainbow Nation , where the dream of an Afrikaner state is alive and well .   Orania by this description , you might have guessed , is   . And by extension ,   . Orania by this description ’s also growing . Culture , Inc. Beginning life in 1990 during the last gasps of apartheid , the Afrikaner town was the brainchild of Carel Boshoff III . The     of H. F. Verwoerd , the architect of apartheid , The    of H. F. Verwoerd and a number of families purchased an abandoned workers’ village with lofty ambitions that one day hundreds of thousands of Afrikaners might call an abandoned workers’ village home .   When Boshoff III died in 2011 , Boshoff III son Carel Jr. assumed presidency of the Orania Movement , the political arm of the community . Today Boshoff III is their lead spokesperson and first line of defense     a man whose job it is to intellectualize the argument for    segregation . Boshoff IV , along with dozens of others , was interviewed by Swedish journalist and author Kajsa Norman while researching for her latest book " Bridge Over Blood River : The Rise and Fall of the Afrikaners . " author Kajsa Norman spent two stretches in Orania . " When I first arrived in South Africa people did n’t want to talk about Orania at all , did n’t want to acknowledge that Orania existed , " her tells CNN . " Many people were ashamed I think . " Orania supporters are quick to point out that it Orania within the parameters of the law . The    government allowed for the concept of an Afrikaner state within the new constitution under freedom of    on cultural and linguistic grounds . Mpho Mogale , municipal manager and information officer of Thembelihle Local Municipality ( in which the town is located ) confirmed to CNN that " Orania exists legally , " citing a 2000 Northern Cape High Court case adjourned " sine die " ( without a further hearing date ) when Orania fought incorporation into its Orania demarked municipality . The the town built on private land owned by the Orania Company , with shares held by homeowners . As such , the community is able to maintain more control over who is permitted into the collective . Nelson Mandela visited in 1995 , Norman writing that Orania ’s Orania " greeted him politely Nelson Mandela said they ’d residents to see him as Nelson Mandela . .. of a neighboring country . " Jacob Zuma made the journey in more recent years , Orania Company CEO Frans de Klerk telling the author the current president " identifies very strongly with [ his ] Jacob Zuma culture " and seemed " to better understand the desire of a people to remain a people and preserve their culture a people " They made a people curious guests no doubt , but no more than that . Permanent residents are screened by committee , applications pored over to weed out pretenders to their cause Permanent residents " ’Could a person of color , who speaks Afrikaans , embraces the Afrikaner culture and is married to an Afrikaner , become a resident ? ’ " Norman asks Boshoff in one of their interviews . " ’It is not theoretically impossible , but it would ’It very difficult,’ " he replies ’It CNN asked Boshoff to Boshoff via email .   " If someone who is obviously not a typical Afrikaner     a ’colored’ for example     would wish to live in Orania ,    would be noticed and would be reacted upon accordingly , in other words be asked if and how    would assimilate with the community , " he writes    adding that such questions " would probably offend " and " not make for easy relationships . "    " It ’s only honest to concede that it [ It ] confront us with practical difficulties , " he continues    It ’s It why , he concedes    Orania does " not depart from a racial basis " when defining culture     and implicitly , when selecting its residents Orania despite there being " no rule to forbid [ the ] scenario . " So not impossible for a person of color , but highly improbable     and without any desire to be facilitated by local leaders . " Essentially they ’ve given themselves their they they , " says Norman , describing an    policy in which the    government allotted territories to South Africa ’s various indigenous peoples as    homelands .   " It ’s disappointing , " says Mogale on Orania ’s    isolation , " but because it is the decision of the High Court that it should be allowed to be on [ its ] it , there ’s absolutely nothing we can do about it . " Standing at a crossroads , Norman says the key questions in her study Norman " How do you persuade a people that they ’re a people to others ? And what happens when that illusion is shattered ? " Deconstructing the effects of policy change in the    years , Norman crosses Norman country speaking to Afrikaners choosing either to redefine or consolidate their identity Afrikaners She makes Norman clear in our interview that she was Norman to validate no one . Among her conclusions Norman she tells Norman : " Afrikaners who have become the most successful in South Africa today have given up their Afrikaner Afrikaners who have become the most successful in South Africa today and become South Africans first and foremost . "   The disavowal for some is extreme . One interviewee says learning the Afrikaans language is " a waste of gray matter . " For others however , their Afrikaner others . The great fear     and one this group claims plenty their Afrikaner identity for     is erasure . Street signs , town names , rivers , mountains , dams , even airports , have lost their Afrikaans monikers in recent town names, rivers, mountains, dams, even airports . Institutes of higher education are dropping Afrikaans with abandon .   " There is only one truly    university remaining of the 22 institutes for higher learning that there used to be , " Hermann Giliomee , extraordinary professor of history at the University of Stellenbosch , tells Norman . The BBC also reported in 2015 that the university faced calls to the University of Stellenbosch . In its embattled state , Afrikaner history Afrikaans hagiography . The efforts of the pioneering Voortrekkers , who traveled inland fleeing the British and fought against Zulus in the Battle of Blood River , are lionized by some present day Afrikaners , who identify with their struggle . " We are The efforts of the pioneering Voortrekkers, who traveled inland fleeing the British and fought against Zulus in the Battle of Blood River white tribe of Africa and I want my people to understand that we have as much right to We here , " the Reverend Schalk Albertyn , once an    activist , tells Norman . A minority ruler , in the space of three decades , has reverted to a minority movement . And " a minority , " writes Norman , " can always become Norman majority through isolation . " For some , Orania is a solution , for others a symptom of the failings of    South Africa . Its residents are largely conservative and   South Africa . Between them they ’re disillusioned and disenfranchised Its residents Its residents of the government , its political structures , policies and   South Africa . The system , they say , is not working Its residents them . The safety net of Its residents welfare for Afrikaners , including jobs and houses , which maintained the image of the " good white , " is no more . Affirmative action has shaped a more diverse workforce , proportional with the racial breakdown of South Africa . However some white people with Afrikaans as their first language , who make up about 5 % of the population according to the 2011 census , say they feel squeezed out ( despite some white people with Afrikaans as their first language, who make up about 5% of the population according to the 2011 census data suggesting relative stability ) . ( NB : The South African government defines " African " as black , " Colored " as mixed race , and " " as of South Asian or Asian extraction . ) Today there are as many as 400 white informal settlements in South Africa , according to charity Helping Hand , something once unthinkable . But that does n’t give the complete picture .    website Africa Check analyzed the 2011 census and found that while 7 , 754 white households lived in informal settlements , 1 , 868 , 325 black African families lived in similar circumstances . But empathy is lacking , suggests Norman . " Many Afrikaners . .. still have a feeling of entitlement , " she argues . " They may realize that things are just as bad for the majority of the black population , but they ’re used to being in They place where that could n’t happen to a white person . That ’s what they ’re comparing it to : They themselves to the past , rather They their poor contemporaries . " " They poor and uneducated Afrikaners I spoke to claimed they would prefer to starve rather Many poor and uneducated Afrikaners become the maid or gardener of a black    family , " Norman writes Norman Small happiness , Some Afrikaners come to Orania out of desperation , author Kajsa Norman Orania CNN . CNN of author Kajsa Norman time was spent in Kleingeluk ( " Small Happiness " ) a block of residences for single male workers brought in from the fringes of society . " [ Orania takes ] on people who Orania with drug abuse , alcohol abuse , former felons , or just the unemployed and uneducated , " says author Kajsa Norman . Put to work largely farming and building , there ’s zero tolerance of substance abuse for these men who had been " total ’ ’ . " " This is a last resort for them a place where they can these men who had been "total ’ ’ work , pick these men who had been "total ’ ’ up . Some only stay these men who had been "total ’ ’ sober up . They work , save a few Some , then move on . Others come because they feel they have no opportunities Others South Others , " the author South Africa " CNN some it ’s been a good thing , and it ’s definitely better than the alternative     it that ’s not to say it ’s ideal , " she adds , it their living conditions on the edge of Orania some " pretty deplorable . " Orania the whole community , author Kajsa Norman says author Kajsa Norman does n’t think they ’re the most racist Afrikaners in South Africa : South Africa ’s more racist areas , and certainly more racist people than these guys in particular . " But that does n’t mean they ’re role models in any way . " they Crime and punishment , author Kajsa Norman interviewees frequently cite violent crime as a concern . The numbers , on the whole , are chastening . Murders nationwide increased 4 . 9 % between April 2015 and March 2016 to 18 , 673 , the equivalent of 33 . 9 per 100 , 000 of the population     a rate nearly seven times higher than the United States in 2015 . There have been claims of high levels of     murder in    years . However Africa Check looked into these claims in 2013 , using website Africa Check back to April claims of high levels of    murder in   years Among its conclusions , it said " the fact is that whites website Africa Check less likely website Africa Check be murdered than any other race in South Africa . " Further South Africa the current murder rate of white South Africans is also equivalent to , or lower than , murder rates for whites recorded between 1979 and 1991 . " Breaking down    relationships , only 2 . 3 % of total murders were committed by " unknown people from outside " and 12 . 6 % by " unknown community members " in the Statistics South Africa Victims of Crime Survey    ( the last year for which this breakdown is available ) .   " Since 1990 , race has not been listed as a category in official death records , " Africa Check notes as part of the same 2013 analysis Africa " website Africa Check . .. the absence of such information has effectively perpetuated a    mythology in South Africa . " " Obviously South Africa a problem with violence , " Norman author Kajsa Norman CNN , " but CNN also got the feeling there was a climate of paranoia , feeding in and exaggerating the real problem . "   The threat is often existential and " othering " of the black population is still prevalent , a point made clear by the Suidlanders Norman meets , a Norman of Afrikaner " preppers " not affiliated with Orania , planning for the event of a revolution . Established Orania 2006 , while they " believe the revolution will start with     violence , they fear that aggression will quickly focus a revolution people , " writes the author . they the author n’t have any violent tendencies , " Steve Meyer , head of the Suidlanders in Durban , tells Norman author Kajsa Norman " We ’re just concerned about our people . We ’ll go into hiding and stay there unless attacked . The UN will We to send We . " Pragmatic or paranoid , private security forces in gated urban communities are a common sight in South Africa . Orania is a far cry South Africa wealthy boltholes , but Norman author Kajsa Norman Orania 20 men patrol the vicinity at all times . Crime levels are low , no doubt helped by its selective policies and requirements that permanent citizens are financially reliable on entry . There ’s also the The UN Orania sits on the edge of a desert . What next ? The Orania of a portion of South Africa ’s Afrikaner community is only a microcosm within a much larger trend . In the wake of Brexit , the rise in nationalist movements in Europe and arguably the United States , directly or indirectly through    Trump , isolationism has become a hot the United States In correspondence with CNN , Boshoff argues " CNN popular picture of a multicultural society so dominant amongst liberal individualists all over the Westernized world [ . .. ] presents a fictation [ sic ] and fiction of its own . "   Identity is not something to be tampered with to Boshoff ’s mind , rejecting " a kind of existential attitude towards human identity that views it as a mere Boshoff , to be reconstructed by anyone and everyone for and by   . "   " That is not the way we plan to live , " he adds .    " Society is becoming more divided , more polarized , " says Norman author Kajsa Norman " If you do n’t have a Mandela to constantly work on the reconciliation of things , then . .. " she adds , her voice trailing off . " I think the more divided a society is , the more support you ’re she to get for these types of initiatives . "   Nevertheless , despite evidence of fundamentalists within its ranks , Orania " offers some lessons for the rest of South Africa it should Orania just be dismissed the more divided a society South Africa of loonies , " the author says .   the author Orania continues the rest of South Africa attract Afrikaners with deeply divisive views on race , arguments that it Orania a cultural project and not a racial one will be met with suspicion by many .   However the argument for cultural preservation , a tentpole under which Orania shelters a spectrum of Afrikaners , is becoming more acceptable in the public imagination , according to both Boshoff and Norman author Kajsa Norman Annual population growth in Orania is steady at 10 % it says , and claims to have 10 , Orania registered supporters across five countries , dubbed " Outhabitants . " About Annual population growth in Orania , 000 hectares of land have been purchased on the West Coast by a private buyer , though " not an official part of Orania ’s strategy , " James Kemp , spokesman for the Orania Movement , told Orania . Neither Kemp nor Boshoff CNN confirm the intentions for this plot of land , nor reveal the buyer , but there is speculation James Kemp, spokesman for the Orania Movement community could be in the pipeline , with the hope they might a private buyer be joined .   The latter told CNN that " if close    CNN be reached and a common interest in James Kemp, spokesman for the Orania Movement a ] bigger    region be cultivated , [ a land ] corridor can become part of the project . "   " It may be possible for a strong and successful Orania to play a leading role in such a future coalition between communities with related Orania backgrounds , " writes Boshoff , although concedes " it seems quite far off at the moment . " Far off , perhaps , but if Boshoff events of 2016 have emboldened anyone , it ’s been fringe movements . " In the beginning [ . .. ] we were regarded as mad , " Boshoff tells Norman author Kajsa Norman " Now that has changed dramatically . " 
 Boshoff 