Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump said Sunday President Donald Trump will begin renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement when President Donald Trump meets with the leaders of Canada and Mexico .   A central promise of President Donald Trump campaign was that he President Donald Trump revamp the     trade pact .   At a White House event Sunday Sunday Trump President Donald Trump he President Donald Trump scheduled meetings with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto . The White House the meeting with Nieto is set Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto Jan. 31 . What is NAFTA ? " We ’re going to start some negotiations having to do with NAFTA , " NAFTA President Donald Trump .   " Anybody ever hear of NAFTA ? " NAFTA President Donald Trump . " I ran a campaign somewhat based on NAFTA . But NAFTA ’re going to start renegotiating on NAFTA , on NAFTA , on security at the border . "   Convincing Canada and Mexico to renegotiate NAFTA     or NAFTA , where majority Republicans have long supported free trade , not to try to block him from withdrawing from the deal     could be tough tasks .   Former President Barack Obama was critical of NAFTA as a candidate NAFTA too . His effort to renegotiate Former President Barack Obama deal came in the deal     of the      Partnership , which would have imposed    labor and environmental rules on the countries included in the deal , including Canada the deal     .   But Trump was sharply critical of the    Partnership as a candidate , saying he will kill the deal     Trump is well the deal     , since it has not yet Trump enacted . The Trump teardown : Here ’s where Trump could start , Trump has also pledged Trump get Mexico to Trump for a wall along the Mexico States’ southern border     potentially , he has said , through tariffs . Imposing Trump border taxes now would violate NAFTA .   Any move to change the terms of NAFTA or withdraw from the deal also runs NAFTA risk of being met with retaliatory tariff hikes in other countries     meaning the cost of goods shipped to the United States could become higher for American consumers , and US companies could lose access to key foreign markets . 
 