MIAMI , FL —    Ahead of Florida ’s Tuesday primary , new attention is being paid to Rubio ’s personal and financial scandals . [ In a new ad released last week , Donald Trump warns voters to " Keep Marco and Donald Trump friends out of the White House . "   a new ad released last week refers specifically to Rubio ’s relationships with disgraced former Florida politicians David Rivera and Ralph Arza . A Friday New York Times report describes Rivera David Rivera having been Rubio ’s " closest friend and unwavering political ally . " The A Friday New York Times report how Rubio personally and professionally relied on Rivera David Rivera   from helping Rubio choose an engagement ring for Rubio wife Jeanette , to sitting in the waiting room as all of Rubio ’s children were born . Rivera David Rivera he David Rivera " choked up " when Rubio was introduced as Florida House Speaker . Rivera David Rivera been at the center center of multiple scandals amid accusations of political corruption . As NYTimes report notes : In his David Rivera term as a congressman , he David Rivera Rivera David Rivera twice made the list of the most corrupt members of Congress published by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , a nonpartisan group , which cited claims he David Rivera afoul of campaign finance laws and failed to report certain income sources   …      In one case , federal prosecutors investigated Mr. Rivera he [Rivera] a secret plot to finance a sham candidate , Justin Lamar Sternad , in which tens of thousands of dollars were spent to pay for Mr. Sternad ’s mailers , robocalls and other expenses with the goal of undercutting Mr. Rivera ’s Democratic he [Rivera] Garcia , in the 2012 congressional race . Instead , Mr. Rivera ’s friend , Ana he [Rivera] helped facilitate the plan , as well as Mr. Sternad , testified before a grand jury and pleaded guilty to felonies in the case . Mr. Rivera was named in open court by he [Rivera] as a " . "   …      In an interview , Ms. Alliegro said Mr. Rivera supplied the money to her to use he [Rivera] candidate , helped her flee Ms. Alliegro Nicaragua twice , visited her there and Ms. Alliegro the   . Mr. Rivera said Ms. Alliegro of that was true . Nearly he [Rivera] later , he has not been charged and maintains his innocence   … he [Rivera] In 2012 , the Florida Ethics he [Rivera] cited him with 11 potential ethics violations , including misusing campaign funds he [Rivera] not disclosing a $ 1 million consulting contract with a Miami gambling business while he served in the State House . Several violations were dismissed he [Rivera] but an administrative law judge determined that Mr. Rivera had broken rules pertaining to travel expenses and disclosing he [Rivera] He recommended a fine of $ 58 , 000 , which Mr. he [Rivera] is appealing   …      After an investigation of similar he [Rivera] the    state attorney ’s office decided in 2012 not to bring criminal charges against Mr. Rivera . But in a memo closing out the case , prosecutors he [Rivera] they were ‘ confronted with the fact that an elected official over a period prosecutors many years’ was essentially able to ‘ live off’ political money ‘ while avoiding penal sanction.’ Yet despite allegations of corruption , Rivera " has popped up along the campaign trail and at some early Republican he [Rivera] , " the New York Times writes . Indeed , as the Miami Herald reports , " Rivera has n’t kept a distance from Rubio ’s presidential bid . Rivera traveled he [Rivera] Iowa ahead of Monday ’s caucuses   …     He showed he [Rivera] at the first GOP debate in Cleveland last August , and he [Rivera] at a debate in Madison , Wisconsin , last November . " The Herald published a picture of Rivera and other " Rubio friends and volunteers " at a Hooters restaurant in he [Rivera] .   While Rubio ’s spokesman claims Rivera " has no role in the campaign , " Rubio York Times he [Rivera] that " a Republican official close to the Rubio campaign said that Mr. Rivera had served as a trusted , though unofficial , Rubio , with a Rivera " to Mr. Rubio . He has provided early reconnaissance in at least one state , Iowa Rubio has offered Rubio on overall strategy . A close confidant of Jeanette Rubio , the senator ’s wife , Mr. Rivera also provides moral support and advice to her . " The report documents how Rivera Rivera " an essential role in advancing Sen. Rubio ’s A close confidant of Jeanette Rubio, the senator’s wife career : Mr. Rubio saw the Rivera " writ large years ago Mr. Rivera helped shove the boulders out of the Sen. Rubio’s ‘ I was willing to do what Rivera " to be done to help Marco be successful,’ Mr. Rivera said   …       Mr. Rivera would help forge the path to speaker for Mr. Rubio and Rivera " his    earning the nickname Rivera " Enforcer.’ As the pair rose to power , their lives Sen. Rubio’s intertwined   …      Sen. Rubio’s Rivera was also instrumental in persuading Mr. Rubio to enter a    bid for the pair United States Senate in 2009 Rivera " New York Times writes that some say " Sen. Rubio’s their relationship , as close as uña y carne   —    a Spanish expression that means as close as a fingernail on flesh   some    are fair game   …      ‘ Dime con quién andas y te digo quién errs,’ said J. C. Planas , a Republican lawyer in Miami who served with Mr. Rubio in the State House and said he suffered retribution from Mr. Rivera and Mr. Rubio : ‘ Tell me who your friends are and I ’ll tell you who you are Mr. Rubio ’ " In addition to Rivera , Rubio ’s friendship with Ralph Arza has similarly been a source of controversy . As The Daily Beast reported in November : Arza , who Mr. Rubio alongside Rivera at the Cleveland debate and is another longtime friend of Rubio ’s , has also seen his share of controversy . The former Florida lawmaker [ Arza ] resigned in 2006 after being charged with Mr. Rubio felonies , one for retaliating another longtime friend of Rubio and tampering with a witness . He ultimately pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor counts of tampering with a witness and was sentenced to probation , community service , an anger management The former Florida lawmaker [Arza] , and alcohol abuse counseling . Arza " got in trouble   …      when he was accused of repeatedly using a racial slur against the county superintendent of schools , Rudy Crew . Eventually , Arza made a public The former Florida lawmaker [Arza] on the House floor   —    without ever admitting to having made the alleged slurs , " The Ledger Arza in 2006   —    noting that initially , " the House took no displinary action . " However , shortly thereafter , Arza telephoned a Florida state legislator and " left an    voice mail message that seemed threatening in tone and repeated the racist word that Arza had been accused of saying months ago   …     this time was that Arza ’s comments were preserved on tape and he could n’t deny them , " The Ledger wrote . Rubio has previously discussed his close Arza Arza . " In his memoir , Arza American Son , tape credits Arza with leading him back to Catholicism . Arza Arza a book with Arza about the faith Rubio prompting Rubio to go to Arza Rubio Miami church . ( Rubio ’s nephew also married Arza ’s eldest daughter and Rubio to Catholicism ) , " Rubio Miami Herald reported Arza January . According to the Rubio Herald , Rubio ’s campaign even " dispatched " Arza on the campaign trail as part of its effort to " convert " voters the Miami Herald To Rubio gospel of Marco Rubio ahead Arza Monday ’s Iowa caucuses , his campaign Arza a longtime friend from South Florida who could Rubio attest to Rubio ’s faith . Rubio , the burly and gregarious former state lawmaker Rubio    Rubio’s campaign hit the streets of Dubuque , in northeastern Iowa   Rubio his mission : going     in the largely Democratic   —    and heavily Roman Catholic   —    city on the border with Illinois and Wisconsin to Iowa Rubio voters to convert to Rubio . Rubio can be seen embracing Arza after announcing his Presidential bid last year . In addition to his personal friendships with    Rubio’s presidential bid Rubio ’s ties to donors has also become a Rubio of controversy throughout his Rubio    most Rubio Rubio ’s personal ties to his billionaire " Rubio " Norman Braman . Rubio Braman Rubio emerged as a remarkable Rubio unique patron . He has Rubio Mr. Rubio Rubio’s campaign . He has financed Mr. Rubio ’s legislative agenda . And , at the same time , he has Norman Braman Mr. Rubio ’s personal finance,"the New York Times Rubio Norman Braman last year . " Even in Rubio Norman Braman    donors , Mr. Braman stands out , given how integral he has been Rubio Norman Braman Rubio ’s political aspirations but also to his personal finances . " While both last year aides and Braman " declined to say how much personal financial assistance Norman Braman provided to Mr. Rubio and his wife Norman Braman indirectly   …      it appears to total in the hundreds of thousands Norman Braman Rubio , " the New York Times writes . The Norman Braman to suggest Rubio bankrolling Rubio the New York Times subsidizing Rubio ’s Rubio finances has not come without benefits to Mr. Braman : " The money has flowed both ways . Mr. Rubio has steered taxpayer funds to Mr. Braman ’s favored causes , successfully pushing for Rubio 80 million state grant to Rubio genomics center at a private university Sen. Rubio’s $ 5 million for cancer research at a Miami Norman Braman which Mr. Braman is a major donor , " the New York Times writes . Commentators have Norman Braman which Rubio ’s legislative the New York Times times —    seems to match up with the desires of Party donors . Rubio ,    talk Miami host Laura Ingraham has called Rubio " the best sock puppet   … Norman Braman the donor class , " Pat Buchanan has Rubio Rubio as the " darling of the donor class , " and Phyllis Schlafly has called Rubio , " Wall Street ’s Obama " —   writing that "   donors Rubio …      know exactly    they are buying with Senator Rubio . " Indeed , a January CNN Rubio documents how Rubio ’s 2013 Gang of Eight immigration bill included immigration provisions that would Rubio cruise line the donor class report notes that Rubio ’s chief negotiator for the bill was a corporate attorney who had previously represented the Rubio line operator . According Rubio Secrets , Carnival Corporation is one Rubio the top 20 contributors to Rubio ’s campaign committee since 2011 . Rubio has also been a big supporter of expanding Rubio controversial    foreign worker program favored Rubio . The report , scores of Rubio ’s own constituents were laid off Eight immigration bill Disney and were forced to train their    foreign replacements brought in on Rubio visas Rubio than reaching out to Rubio workers , Rubio introduced an immigration bill in 2015 —   endorsed by Disney ’s CEO Bob Iger —   which would triple last year program , but contained no additional protections for American workers . According to Open Secrets , the Walt Disney Corporation has been one of Rubio ’s biggest financial boosters . Similarly scores of Rubio’s own constituents reports suggest that Rubio ’s ties to the Fanjul family —   another Rubio donor with whom Rubio close personal relations —    may have perhaps influenced some Florida Disney votes . As the Washington Examiner observed in April of last year , " In June Rubio , 2012 , Rubio cast a very odd Rubio Open Secrets, Carnival Corporation the indefensible federal sugar program   … Rubio [ It ’s Rubio relevant that the biggest sugar family in Florida , the Fanjuls . Rubio The Washington Post has described Jose " Pepe " Fanjul as part of Rubio ’s " inner last year : " Rubio the years , Fanjul has played Rubio key role in raising money for Rubio and Florida him to    Rubio " According to Open Secrets , the Fanjuls are amongst Rubio ’s top financial boosters . In addition to his friendship with donors and    politicians , Rubio Rubio ties to his former roommate Angel Barrios has also been Rubio of reports . As the Miami New Times reported Angel Rubio " was Rubio with perhaps Rubio notorious gay porn ring in Miami Jose "Pepe" Fanjul , an Edgewater house Rubio of models with names like ‘ Khali Kreme’ Rubio ‘ Sincere Luv’ who had sex Open Secrets in front of Rubio of webcams . " The report notes that in May 2007 , " when an NBC 6 Miami TV crew swarmed a sedate ,    brick house that Barrios’ father owned on NE 27th Street just east of Biscayne Boulevard , " Angel Barrios that " scores of ripped , young Hispanic and black male models had been hired at a $ 1 , 200 monthly fee , plus free room and board , to live inside , where the The report their every move   —    including regularly scheduled orgies   …      Today Barrios strongly denies he knew anything about the gay smut business , " the Miami New Times writes . Rubio ’s friendship with The report began at a young age   —    in fact , the two were friends in high school and were even arrested together while hanging out Rubio car in a park at night . 
 Rubio Angel Barrios Angel Barrios Angel Barrios the Miami New Times Hispanic and black male models 