Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign reacted strongly to the news that Breitbart News ’s executive chairman left the news that Breitbart News’s executive chairman left the company to work for Donald Trump’s presidential campaign to work for Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign . [ Hillary Clinton’s ’s campaign manager Robby Mook opened a conference call with reporters by calling Breitbart a "   news site " that trafficked in conspiracy theories and began smearing the the news that Breitbart News’s executive chairman left the company to work for Donald Trump’s presidential campaign the usual leftist attacks on Republicans and conservatives .   " Donald Trump has decided to double down on his most small Donald Trump nasty , and divisive instincts by turning his campaign over Donald Trump someone who is best known for running a    news site that peddles divisive , at times , racist ,      conspiracy theories , " Mook said . Mook cited the Mook Southern Povery Law Center ’s decision to condemn Breitbart News as a media arm of the racist " " to back up his statements . Donald Trump argued that Donald Trump choosing Bannon to join his campaign , his campaign be expected to push " more conspiracy theories , more wild accusations " about Hillary Clinton and would never pivot to the kind of candidate that the establishment Republicans wanted . Mook appeared frustrated by the website ’s recent reporting on Hillary Clinton , but Hillary Clinton Breitbart News would not stop her from becoming president . Hillary Clinton People like Bannon and Breitbart have been going after Hillary every day for this Hillary Clinton campaign , and she is still standing strong Hillary Clinton so this is nothing new . " he said . Mook cited Breitbart ’s recent Mook on Breitbart Khizr Khan , asserting that it was divisive and   . " The Breitbart organization has been known to Breitbart white supremacists , like Trump , has refused to apologize to gold star father Khizr Khan . Bannon himself has said that he would keep " relentlessly going Bannon himself Kahn , " he said . He also denounced Bannon himself ’s unvarnished Bannon himself against Planned Breitbart . " Breitbart has compared the work of Breitbart Parenthood to the holocaust , Planned Parenthood said . It appears that Bannon himself is not a fan of Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos , Breitbart’s noting that the website " repeatedly used    slurs in their coverage . " He also accused Breitbart of stoking Bannon himself and highlighting Breitbart stories . " Like Trump himself , Breitbart and Bannon have frequently trafficked Breitbart’s all sorts of deranged conspiracy theories from touting that Obama was not born in America to claiming that the Obama administration was ‘ importing more hating Obama " he said . Mook added that it Muslims,’ " not surprising " to see the Trump decision to hire Bannon , but that his " divisive Bannon and " hateful Trump rhetoric would scare away voters . " We absolutely expect that with this change we expect Donald Trump and the campaign We a Trump double down on more hateful divisive rhetoric , more conspiracy theories , more wild accusations . " Although Breitbart News participated in the media conference call , organizers did not grant a request for a question . In a statement , Breitbart News CEO Larry Solov and     Alex Breitbart News : 
 