Thursday on MSNBC , host Stephanie Ruhle said Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton " faces a double standard every day " from the media on the " right , left and center . "   Partial transcript as follows : KRISTOL :   Johnson and Stein are getting over a third of the vote of people under 30 . Think about that . Obama carried the vote of people under 30 by 2 to 1 . Hillary Clinton is not getting enough support , and they enough support n’t like Trump , the young voters . I think Hillary Hillary Clinton n’t made the case to them . Trump, the young voters ’s the broader problem here . The whole Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton the liberal media and everyone else has been totally obsessed with disqualifying Donald Trump . I dislike Donald Trump Donald Trump think he should n’t Donald Trump president of the United States , but I think most of that information is out there . The fact he ’s 15 Donald Trump overweight is not going to cause people to vote against him . What Donald Trump the case for Clinton ? Hillary Clinton about this . This is an this question . RUHLE : Hold on . Is it fair to just say and dismiss , ‘ the liberal media is out there trying to make a case against Donald Trump’ ? The media was the liberal media center Sunday morning playing it over and over and over when Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton faces Hillary Clinton standard every day , right , left , and center . Is it fair to continue the narrative it ’s the liberal media just it after Donald . KRISTOL : She did trip or Hillary Clinton or swoon or whatever happened . She has pneumonia . Hillary Clinton : He has done things that are RUHLE . KRISTOL : I totally agree with KRISTOL . I think most people know that . The Clinton campaign , the media is playing into Trump ’s hands inadvertently . When you have a discussion about health , there ’s not a single American out there who is going to vote against Trump because he ’s 15 pounds Trump’s . Trump’s ’s not the one who Trump’s on   . I do n’t think you should vote against Hillary . It ’s a phony issue . Both seem to be perfectly healthy and fine , healthy enough to be president of the United States . I do n’t think that ’s the big issue . RUHLE : a phony issue because we do n’t know everything about his health . KRISTOL : Right Trump’s that ’s a very fair point to make , and we do n’t know everything about his tax returns or everything about Trump’s foundation . But I kinda Trump’s that point has been made a lot . If I were the Clinton campaign , analytically , what ’s happened here , they have hammered Trump . His numbers are the Clinton campaign . It Trump’s not like people like Donald Trump . He ’s got horrible    Trump but Hillary Clinton has n’t made the case for Clinton Obviously , yesterday , she was home Clinton she went on a tweet Clinton , you saw Clinton , 20 tweets all about Donald Trump ’s foundation and how horrible it is . Trump for president of the United States Clinton She needs to do more . I really say Clinton , I do n’t like her much either , but if I were part Clinton her campaign , she has to make the case Clinton herself . Clinton ’s a change election . Voters Clinton change . I was the case the first Bush White House in ’92 . when people want change , they will excuse a lot . More than they should , about people challenger , about the person who says people ’m going to bring change . Whatever you think about Trump , he ’s got to get tough on immigration , get out of Trump in the Middle East . Voters can say , yeah , things need to be shaken up . What is Hillary Clinton going to do to improve people ’s lives ? She needs to make that positive case for herself in my opinion Hillary Clinton RUHLE : Is she not doing that Hillary Clinton This woman has devoted her career to Hillary Clinton political arena . She Hillary Clinton her policies out Hillary Clinton . Just this week , Ivanka Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Hillary Clinton , well , her policies on health care , she does n’t have any . In Hillary Clinton , she has made that Hillary Clinton for herself . It ’s been on her Hillary Clinton for over a year . Hillary Clinton Pam that case for herself on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Hillary Clinton 