On Wednesday ’s broadcast of " On the Record " on the Fox News Channel , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich likened Republican presidential    Donald Trump to Andrew Jackson and predicted the    Republican establishment would get behind   Donald Trump should   Donald Trump be the eventual nominee .   Partial transcript as follows : VAN SUSTEREN : Why is   Donald Trump a phenomenon ? What is it about   Donald Trump ? former House Speaker Newt Gingrich : Well , I ’m doing a column this week on " The Art of the Deal , " the book   Donald Trump wrote back in the 80s , because I read it over Christmas and found it was very helpful .   Donald Trump is very big in every way . I mean , he   Donald Trump big financially . He   Donald Trump big in his   Donald Trump . He   Donald Trump big in his   Donald Trump . He   Donald Trump physically big . And I think that communicates to a country . [ 19:10:04 ] If you are a typical American , you recently have seen the Saudis and Iranians going    . The world markets are falling for 3 straight days . The North Korean setting up a hydrogen weapon . You now have reports of various immigrants in Germany who are raping and molesting women . You know , all these things are going on around you and you think the world is losing its the world . I want somebody really strong . And in comes Donald . And Trump , he Donald really strong . He Donald not be totally what they believe in , but he Donald strong enough to try it out . And I think there is almost like Andrew Jackson , a very substantial part of the American people saying I would rather take a risk on him Donald on the current system continuing to decay . VAN SUSTEREN : All right , fast forward . Let ’s assume that he VAN SUSTEREN the G. O. P. nomination . It he wins the G. O. P. nomination now August . Does the the G. O. P. get behind him 100 percent ? the G. O. P. : Yes . VAN VAN SUSTEREN Yes , you think so ? GINGRICH : Yes , because GINGRICH alternative is Hillary and Bill Clinton . VAN SUSTEREN VAN SUSTEREN so you have no doubt in your mind that people wo n’t just sort of stay home , the people that can   —    ( CROSSTALK ) GINGRICH : I think people   —    when the race gets down to everything we ’re learning about Hillary Clinton the degree to which Bill Clinton used the State Department to Bill Clinton care of Bill the amount of money that poured through with people doing business with her the degree to which she has Bill Clinton about virtually everything , Bill Clinton degree to which she had secrets on her emails the Bill Clinton to which she Bill Clinton lying about Benghazi . Take Bill Clinton total picture and think to yourself , do you really want this in the White House ? And I think at least for our party and for our base , the answer is going our be overwhelmingly no . And the people are going to say whoever the Republican nominee is , I am for them . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter the people 
 