’   ’ "    Barack Obama strode to the stage at last month ’s Democratic    National Convention in an unusual speaking slot . " ’    He spoke in the primetime hour Wednesday night , a spot typically    reserved for a    nominee . ’ "    In 2000 , for instance , former President Bill Clinton spoke on    Monday night of    nominee Al Gore ’s convention .    Former President George W. Bush , deeply unpopular in his second    term , did n’t show up for    nominee John McCain ’s    party in 2008 . " "    Obama ’s speaking slot was by design . It previewed an outsize    role in his final campaign : Electing Hillary Clinton to be his    successor in the White House . " ’    " Obama gives Hillary Hillary Clinton hat trick : He Obama help    unite the party by bringing out Bernie Sanders supporters into    her camp Hillary Clinton deliver an aggressive contrast about the threat posed    by Donald Trump , and ensure that all the supporters of the Obama    coalition show up in November , " Ben LaBolt , a former spokesman    for Obama’ ’s presidential campaigns , told Business Insider earlier    this year . ’ "    Obama is Obama    to campaign for his party Obama    presidential    nominee more than any sitting president in recent    history . That could be a big problem for the GOP and its    GOP , Donald Trump . And a huge boon for Clinton . " "    The president ’s approval rating got its own The president’s approval rating bump : In a     conducted after the    convention , 54 % of Americans said they approved 54% of Americans Obama ’s job    performance . It was his highest mark since right before his    his inauguration in 2013 . Just 45 % disapproved . " "    That number is significant . Earlier this year , an      Street Journal poll found that President Barack Obama’s    rating had jumped to 51 %   —    its highest point since his second    inauguration Obama’s   " ’    NBC’ ’s team of political analysts called it the " most important    number " out of the poll . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    Early this year , Obama ’s approval rating hit 50 % in the    weekly average from Gallup ’s daily survey . As of Friday , it    stands at 51 % . For Obama , whose approval Obama have been    stuck in the    to   % range for much of his second term ,    it was a notable bump . " ’    " While it’ ’s hard to pinpoint precisely why Obama’ ’s approval    rating has risen among Democrats recently , there are a number of    plausible explanations , " wrote Andrew Dugan , a Gallup analyst ,    and Frank Newport , the organization’ ’s     in a post    earlier this year . ’ ’    One of the explanations , the pair concurred , was that " the    unusual status of the Republican primary race   —    exemplified in    particular by frontrunner Donald Trump’ ’s campaign style and    rhetoric   —    may serve to make Obama look statesmanlike in    comparison . " ’ ’   ’ "    Trump has come into Obama ’s crosshairs repeatedly Obama he has hit      Trump trail for Clinton . And with good reason : More so than at any    other presidential    in recent history , so many elements    of the current administration ’s legacy are at stake . " ’    The Republican nominee has pledged to undo signature achievements    on healthcare ( the Affordable Care Act ) the environment    ( historic new regulations aimed at curbing climate change ) and    foreign policy ( the Iran nuclear deal ) . ’ ’    Those themes will become evident as the president launches    into what will be his final campaign : the president a Trump    presidency . ’ ’   ’ "    Obama ’s approval ratings at this point are far better than those    of Bush , his predecessor , off Bush unpopularity Obama thrived    during Obama 2008 run . Bush level is most Bush comparable    to former President Ronald Reagan , who in March 1988 held a 51 %    approval rating , according to Gallup .   " "    That same year , voters selected George H. W. Bush   —    Reagan ’s vice    president   —    to succeed him .   " Reagan    " Yes , " said Ari Fleischer , President George W. Bush’ ’s former    press secretary , when asked earlier this year if Obama’ ’s apparent    rising popularity poses a problem for the Republican Party . ’ ’    " Certainly , going into an election spring and summer , it ’s better    to have an incumbent president increasingly popular rather than    less popular if    ’re the incumbent party , the Republican Party Business    Insider . an incumbent president increasingly popular rather than    ’    The numbers present a striking contrast to some data points    associated with the current Republican presidential frontrunner . ’ ’   ’ ’    A recent   that 42 % of voters    view Trump in a " highly unfavorable " light , compared with 16 % who    see him highly favorably . That’ ’s    highest negative percentage    for any major presidential candidate since at least 1956 ,    according to Gallup . ’       " I’’ve been doing this [ since ] 1964 , which is the Goldwater    years , "      Peter Hart   of the relative unpopularity of    many of the candidates earlier    the year . " To me , this is the    low point . I’’ve seen the disgust and the I’’ve . Never ,    never seen anything like this . They’’re not going up ; they’’re    going down . " ’       Closest to Trump ? Clinton , whom 33 % of the electorate views    highly unfavorably . ’ "    It helps explain why Clinton is attaching herself to    Clinton of Obama Clinton legacy . And Obama remains favorable to wide    Obama of constituencies that Clinton needs to turn out to Clinton vote in November . The president holds high approval ratings Obama    ( 90 % ) Democrats ( 82 % ) Latinos ( 73 % )    and voters aged 18 to 34 ( 64 % ) according to Gallup . " "    And despite the strong primary challenge from Sen. Bernie    Sanders , in many ways , Clinton has run an      campaign , and she has had much of the party Clinton establishment    rallying behind her candidacy . " "    As Clinton ’s Dugan and Newport wrote earlier this year : " ’    They concluded : " Prior to that Gallup’s Dugan and Newport George H. W. Bush in 1988    presented himself as a natural heir to the George H. W. Bush in 1988    legacy and was    able to win his own term . " ’ 
 George H. W. Bush in 1988    