  ( CNN ) The Women ’s March on Washington Saturday was the main event of an historic day when millions took to the streets of America .   From Boston to New York , from Chicago to Los Angeles , throngs poured out into streets , parks and squares . Many were clad in pink hats and waved protest signs . They raised They voices for women ’s rights , immigration and other civil rights .   And They cheered on speakers who delivered impassioned     and in at least one instance ,       rallying cries for the preservation of rights They said could be eroded under Donald Trump ’s presidency . Here are snippets of what some speakers had to say :   Actress America Ferrera , It ’s been a    time to be both a woman and an immigrant in America . Our dignity , our character , our Our have all been under attack and a platform of hate and division assumed power yesterday . But the president is not America . His the president is not America America Congress is not America America We Congress America America And we Congress here to stay .   Singer Madonna , It took this horrific moment of darkness to wake us Congress     up . It seems as though we Congress all slipped into a false sense of comfort , that justice would prevail and that good would win in the end . Well , good did not win this election . But good will win in the the end   Actress Scarlett Johansson , President Trump , I did not vote for you . Actress Scarlett Johansson, President Trump said , I respect that you are you our Congress and I want to be able to support you . But first I ask that you support me , support my sister , support my mother , support my best friends and all of all girlfriends . Support the men and women here today that are anxiously awaiting to see how your next moves may drastically affect their lives you support me, support my sister, support my mother, support my best friends and all of all girlfriends Support my daughter who may actually , as a result of the appointments you have made , grow up in a county that is moving backwards , not forward , and who may potentially not have the right to make choices for her body and her future her your daughter Ivanka has been privileged to have .   Singer Alicia keys , We will not allow our bodies We be owned and controlled by men in government or men anywhere for that matter . We will We allow our compassionate We to get stepped on . We want We best for all Americans . No hate . No bigotry . No Muslim registry . We value education , healthcare and equality .   Activist Gloria Steinem , I ’m not trying to deny the danger that this day initiates . Trump and his handlers have found a fox for every chicken coop in Washington , and a Twitter finger must not become a trigger finger .   Director Michael Moore , You have to run for office . You ! Yes you ! I can see your face is,’No , no Mike , not me , I ’m shy ’m This is not the time for shy people ! Shy people , you have two hours to get over it . Actress Ashley Judd , I am not as nasty as racism , fraud , conflict of interest , homophobia , sexual assault , transphobia , white supremacy , misogyny , ignorance , white privilege ! I am not as nasty as your own daughter being your favorite sex symbol . Like your wet dreams infused with your own genes but , yeah , I ’m a nasty woman ! Activist and CNN political commentator Van Jones , We love Activist and CNN conservatives enough to tell them that the conservatives have the conservatives be better conservatives than this . You have to be better conservatives than this . this conservatives love the Constitution . We have a president who seems to be an authoritarian . Real conservatives stand up for and believe in clean government . We have We president who seems to be committed to a kleptocracy . Senator Elizabeth Warren   We can We . We can We . Or we can We back ! We come We to stand shoulder to shoulder to make clear : We are We ! We will We be silent ! We will We play dead ! We will We for what we believe We ! 
 