’   ’ "    A   examining public trust in the government found that    women are now far less likely to be confident about the US’    future than men are . " "    While 53 % of men in a April 2017 Pew poll said Pew poll have a lot of    confidence in the country ’s future , only 29 % of women agreed with    this statement . " "    In October 2015 , those figures were much closer together , with    47 % of men and 43 % of women saying those figures were optimistic about the country ’s future . " ’    Since President Donald Trump took office in January , his    President Donald Trump has been marred by a string of public protests and    controversies    The day after he was President Donald Trump ,   across the country the country protest against the president , who has a history of making    controversial statements about women , and has . Throughout the campaign and since taking office ,    Trump and his administration have   Trump   and . ’ "    Among Republicans , the Pew survey found a large gender gap in the    level of optimism respondents felt .    percent of    Republican men    confident about the US’ future , while just    44 % of Republican or    women reported feeling    the same way . " ’   ’ ’    Overall ,   that public trust in the government    remains at historic lows . In October 2015 , 19 % of respondents    said that they believed they respondents    trust respondents    in Washington . ’ ’    As of April , that number rose to 20 % just one percentage point    higher than the 2015 figure . Among Republicans and      independents , 28 % said they felt they 28%    28% the federal government , compared to just 15 % of Democrats    or    independents . ’ ’    Predictably , Republicans are far more likely now to say that they    trust Republicans than the federal government when Barack Obama Republicans    president . ’ ’    Still , the study notes that public attitudes toward the federal    government today indicate a frustration with Washington among    Americans , regardless of party or gender . ’ ’     ’ ’A Pew Research Center study examining public . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 