Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Here ’s the   . ) When the comedian Maz Jobrani was asked to deliver the 2017 commencement address at U. C. Berkeley , the comedian Maz Jobrani immediately said yes . Later , the comedian Maz Jobrani sank in   —    this is a big deal . Past speakers have included scholars , innovators and statesmen . " And then it becomes daunting , " the comedian Maz Jobrani said , " because you go , ‘ Oh my God I ’ve got to write something and it ’s going to go on the internet and the whole world ’s going to see the internet . " Mr. Jobrani himself graduated from Berkeley in 1993 , then started a doctoral program in political science at U. C. L. A. before walking away for comedy . In a news release , a student leader suggested the appearance by Mr. Jobrani , who fled Iran as a child with Mr. Jobrani himself family in 1978 , would resonate in a time of discord over immigration and Islam . We caught up with Mr. Jobrani by phone in Los Angeles , where Mr. Jobrani lives . Some excerpts : Q. Have you been thinking about what you ’ll say ? A. Oh my God , Mr. Jobrani , I ’m losing sleep over it . I ’m serious . I wake up at , like , 5 in the morning with ideas and I jot ideas on my iPhone . One of the challenges for Mr. Jobrani is , being a comedian , ideas expect me to be funny too . If you watch one of my favorite [ commencement addresses ] with Conan O’Brien at Dartmouth   —    so brilliantly written and so funny for 15 minutes or so . He ’s just killing it . And then He goes into He story of being ousted by Jay Leno and so then it becomes poignant . And I ’m just watching and I ’m going , ‘ Oh , my God . How did He do that?’ Q. You ’ve become more political on stage . What worries you right now ? A. Trump does n’t go a day without worrying me . It seems like everyday there ’s something new . And then as a comedian I ’ve been also saying , ‘ It ’s hard to keep up with the guy,’ because He just does something outrageous every day . Q. Tell me about your experience at Berkeley . A. It was four of the best years of my life . I really loved It . I remember being taught to think critically at Berkeley . But there was also interesting stuff . We had a guy back then called the Naked Guy , who was just this guy who was a nudist who was a student who would go to class with like a little sheet around a guy midsection and that was it . You used to see a guy walking around and sometimes a guy ’d just have it hanging out , and it was like , ‘ Well , this is Berkeley.’ Q. If you could go back and talk to Maz in 1993 , what advice would you give ? A. Follow your heart . Do what you love . Because I was constantly struggling with that . If it ’s in your heart go for it . Do n’t listen to other people . Q. Any smaller advice ? A. Be kind . It feels good . ( Please note : We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers . ) • Three people were killed , including an     at a San Bernardino school in an apparent   . [ The New York Times ] • Photos : Anxiety and sorrow in San Bernardino . [ The Sun ] • A voting law meant to increase minority representation did little   —    except to generate lawsuits . [ Los Angeles Times ] • In a milestone , solar power temporarily met roughly half of all electricity demand across a swath of California . [ San Francisco Chronicle ] • As California California to become the nation ’s first " sanctuary state , " other states are poised to follow . [ The New York Times ] • Wells Fargo executives were ordered to pay back $ 75 million after a scathing report on the company ’s fraud scandal . [ The The New York Times • In 2014 , a former tribal leader fatally shot four people during an eviction dispute . She ’s now been a former tribal leader to death . [ Sacramento Bee ] • Tesla surpasses another established rival , General Motors , in market value . [ The New York Times The New York Times the California    chain , has found a way to serve the highest quality coffee for just $ 1 . [ The New York Times ] • After The New York Times out , a food critic compiled the 75 best restaurants in Orange County . [ Orange County Register ] The Pulitzer Prizes were announced Monday . Among the honorees was the East Bay Times , which took The Pulitzer Prizes news prize for its " relentless coverage " of the Ghost Ship fire last the breaking news prize . You can see the reporting here . In an editorial , the newspaper said its work on the tragedy has just begun the breaking news prize of most the breaking news prize imagery of our bountiful spring has been from the Carrizo Plain . Situated east of San Luis Obispo , the    long grassland has been lit up by    wildflowers . Among the blooms are baby blue eyes , orange poppies , purple bush lupine and goldfields   —    all set against rare green canvas . Matthew O’Brien , a Bay Area reader , shared a photo he took in late March facing the normally dry Soda Lake and the Temblor Range , which forms the eastern border of the Carrizo Plain . The area is vast , open , and usually desolate . But word of the    superbloom has been drawing thousands of    visitors , said Gabe Garcia , a field manager at the Bureau of Land Management Mr. Garcia of event , " Mr. Garcia said . The show wo n’t go on forever . Mr. Garcia predicted the flowers would start to wither within a few weeks as the weather turns warmer and drier . " Once Mr. Garcia , everything kind of goes back to the way it was , " he said . Here are a few more pictures by Bob Wick , a Bureau of Land Management photographer . California Today goes live Mr. Garcia 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays . Tell us what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes . com . California Today Today columnist , Mike McPhate , is a    Californian   —    born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano . He lives in Davis .   California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U. C. Berkeley . 
 California 