   Gen. John Kelly had a    career in the Marines which included three tours in Iraq and leading the United States Southern Command before   Gen. John Kelly retired in January 2016 . [   Gen. John Kelly also served as the assistant commander of the 1st Marine Division under Gen. James Mattis during the 2003 invasion of Iraq . Here are some quotes and facts about Donald Trump ’s choice to head to lead the Department of Homeland Security .     Gen. John Kelly on Speaking Truth to Power : " The one thing I was always told is you absolutely have to tell truth to power    …      the decision makers have got to have ground truth , " Donald Trump told the Military Times . " Otherwise , the decisions the decision makers make could be flawed   —    and that can be dangerous . " On women serving in combat roles in the Marines : " My greatest fear   —    and we see this happen a lot over the 45 years I ’ve been in the Armed Forces is , right now the Armed Forces ’re saying we are not going to change any standards , " Donald Trump said during a press conference . " There will be great pressure , whether it ’s 12 months from now , four years from now .    …      It will be the pressure for not probably the generals that are here now , but for the generals to come , and admirals , to lower standards because that ’s the only way it ’ll work in the way that I hear some people , particularly , the    people here in Washington   —    or in the land , the way some people want it to work . " On ISIS : " Bombing the living shit out of ISIS in Iraq and Afghanistan , Syria , that would maybe irritate some people more than the fact we have Guantanamo open , " he said to Defense One about terrorist groups and activists who believed that keeping the prison open was a propaganda tool for terrorists and a threat to national security . On the Obama " no boots on the ground " talking point : " If there ’s a country and a country ’s dangerous and we deploy a U. S. military man or woman , if there ’s only one there , and a U. S. military man or woman never leave the capital , that is ‘ boots on the ground,’ " Kelly said to Defense One . " We do a disservice to the sacrifice of these people , particularly if these people are killed , when We say there ’s no boots on the ground . " Kelly lost Kelly     son , Marine 1st Lt . Kelly , killed while serving in Afghanistan . Four days later he gave Kelly speech about those who serve our country . " Like my own two sons who are Marines and have fought in Iraq , and until this week , Afghanistan , Afghanistan are also the same kids that drove their cars they fast for your liking and played the    music of their generation they loud , " he said Kelly " But have no doubt they are they finest of their generation they " Watch his amazing Kelly below : Kelly on working in Washington D. C. In 2016 , the retiring Kelly about being appointed to work in Washington D. C. " My Washington D. C. being offered a job that would be kind of a    position at a veterans organization or even in the government    …      I ’d prefer to not be that , to come up the Beltway every day . " 
 