Washington ( CNN ) Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker revealed Tuesday Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker will speak at the Republican National Convention later this month , offering public support to Donald Trump at a time the presumptive Republican nominee has struggled to attract    Republicans for the role . The former Republican presidential candidate confirmed the speaking engagement to CNN affiliate    in Platteville , Wisconsin .   Walker has been critical of Donald Trump in the wake of Walker    attacks on a federal judge overseeing a lawsuit against Trump University , and had at one point threatened to withhold Walker support from Walker party ’s presumptive nominee . But on Tuesday , Walker said a vote against Donald Trump would be a vote for presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . " I think there is a clear contrast , " Walker said . " For those who raise concerns like I just did about the judgment of presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in terms of not just those emails , but some of the other issues out there , really there ’s only one alternative . " Walker Walker leaned into his Walker for Donald Trump on Wednesday . " Last August , I said I ’d support the GOP nominee . It the GOP nominee now clear who the RNC delegates will vote to nominate . And he is better than she presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , " Walker Walker . Also on Tuesday , an Mr. Trump the former Arkansas governor was expected to speak at the convention . " Mr. Trump has asked , but I do n’t know about day or time , " Huckabee said in a comment provided by a former Trump    Mike Huckabee , Hogan Gidley . Gidley says he expects that they will work Hogan Gidley those Hogan Gidley and Huckabee will be happy to appear .   former Trump    Mike Huckabee I ’m sure Governor Huckabee would be honored to speak at former Trump    Mike Huckabee , " Gidley said . Trump is the convention to his family Hogan Gidley Mr. Trump figures and business leaders Mr. Trump fill speaking slots at the convention as scores of prominent Republican leaders continue to the convention line up behind their controversial    . RELATED : Trump looks to unlikely speakers scores of prominent Republican leaders convention help Mr. Trump Trump announced earlier this month that his wife Mr. Trump children " are all going Mr. Trump be speaking " at the nominating convention that kicks off in just over two weeks . The addition of    who are supporting the real estate mogul to the roster of convention speakers would set the 2016 convention apart from past conventions packed with current and convention . Even some politicians who support Trump are skipping the event . Maine Gov. Mr. Trump LePage said Tuesday that he will not head to Cleveland .   " If I felt that Maine Gov. Paul LePage needed me there , I ’d have gone , but I think Maine Gov. Paul LePage ’s pretty much established and there might be some shenanigans by some of the elitists , but they ’ve done that before , " the Trump supporter said on WVOM some of the elitists , referring Mr. Trump efforts to deny Trump the delegates necessary to officially become the Mr. Trump " If he calls , I ’ll be there . It ’s that simple , " the Trump supporter added . A Trump adviser told CNN he calls Tuesday that convention programming Mr. Trump still being worked on and the keynote speaker for Wednesday still has not been decided . " This is way behind where it should be , " the adviser said . " This stuff should ’ve been buttoned up weeks ago A Trump adviser The Republican National Convention is set for July    at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . 
 