  ( CNN ) Donald Trump and Donald Trump campaign are increasingly casting doubt on the legitimacy of the presidential election . The Republican nominee declared Friday there ’s only one way The Republican nominee could lose the state of Pennsylvania : if The Republican nominee ’s cheated out of it .   " We ’re going to watch Pennsylvania . Go down to certain areas and watch and study and make sure other people do n’t come in and vote five times , " The Republican nominee said at a rally in Altoona . " If you do that , We ’re not going to lose . The only way We can lose , in my opinion     I really mean this , Pennsylvania is if cheating goes on . " Then on Saturday morning a Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson the campaign ’s concerns .   In an interview with CNN ’s Victor Blackwell , Trump Trump Katrina Pierson said the campaign was the campaign’s potential election fraud , particularly over electronic voting machines , which security researchers have warned are vulnerable to hacking . Trump Trump offered no evidence to back up his Trump that the elections would be " rigged " against him Trump and asked about making an unjustified assertion , Pierson said it Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson a concern over a hypothetical scenario . " There is no evidence because the election has n’t occurred yet . " Pierson said . Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson This is not   . Election fraud has been a concern for a very long time . " The Trump campaign went still further , calling on its website for supporters The Trump campaign volunteer to be Trump election observers . Trump " Help me stop crooked Hillary from rigging this election , " the election reads . After signing up to become a " Trump Election Observer , " the user is redirected to a donation page . Although Trump ’s claims about electoral Trump may be unprecedented for a national politician in the modern era , the Republican Party has faced legal pushback in the past for its attempts to have poll the Republican Party similar to what the Trump campaign is now requesting Trump its supporters .   Trump the Trump campaign Friday said Republican leaders in Pennsylvania " are very concerned " about the possibility of cheating     adding , " We have to call up law enforcement , and we have to have the We and the police chiefs and everybody watching . " Hillary Clinton ’s lead in the polls in Pennsylvania is solid     a Quinnipiac survey of likely voters released Tuesday found Clinton leading Trump 52 % Hillary Clinton 42 % . But both candidates are devoting significant resources to the state , which has a base of working class voters that Trump ’s campaign hopes could work in his favor .   RELATED Trump’s Clinton , Trump battle for Hillary Clinton , Trump’s , who campaigned earlier Friday in Erie , Pennsylvania , said he " knows the state Clinton, Trump battle for Pennsylvania, Trump, who campaigned earlier Friday in Erie, Pennsylvania well " and knows Clinton " ca n’t beat Hillary Clinton ’s happening here . " Unless there ’s cheating .   " The only way they can beat it , in my opinion     and I mean this 100 %     if in certain sections of the state , they cheat the state he said they Trump ’s Clinton, Trump battle for Pennsylvania, Trump, who campaigned earlier Friday in Erie, Pennsylvania moves echoed     but went even further than     his statements last week in Clinton, Trump battle for Pennsylvania, Trump, who campaigned earlier Friday in Erie, Pennsylvania that he ’s " afraid the Clinton, Trump battle for Pennsylvania, Trump, who campaigned earlier Friday in Erie, Pennsylvania is going to be rigged . " RELATED : Trump : ’I’m afraid the election ’s going to be the election does not require voters in the state to show photo identification the state Trump said he finds " shocking . Trump’s Ben Trump’s , who supports Trump , told CNN ’s Erin Burnett Trump’s the focus should be on how to make sure there is no voter fraud     which he noted would be good for both parties . He also acknowledged he might not have used he words as he , his former Republican primary rival Trump’s   " he would ’ve said it in a different way . I would ’ve said , ’There have been some irregularities and we want to make sure that those do n’t occur . ’ " Road to 270 : CNN ’s new electoral college map , At his first rally on Friday , Trump put he dislike of the media Trump’s harsher terms he usual     calling journalists " the lowest form of life . " " I tell you , the lowest , " he said . " They are the lowest he of humanity . journalists 
 