’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump is starting to sound a bit more presidential.’ " At a    press conference celebrating two additional primary wins , ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump said ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump ’d help other Republican candidates , mentioned a conversation ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump ’d had with House Speaker Paul Ryan , discouraged the crowd from booing Mitt Romney , and talked about beating Hillary Clinton in the general election . " ’Trump won the GOP primaries in Michigan and Mississippi early in the evening , paving ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump path to the nomination unless ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump rivals can significantly shake up the race.’ ’Idaho and Hawaii had not yet started voting when Trump went on stage to speak . Trump later appeared headed to a loss in Idaho.’ ’Trump started off Trump speech by indicating Trump interest in boosting    candidates this November.’ ’"It’ ’s very , very important as a Republican that our senators and that our congressmen get reelected and that our get a good group of people together , that our keep the people that are there , " Trump said . " our have some terrific people . Not all of some terrific people are on my side , but our have some terrific people . " ’ ’He then touted the turnout at the polls and ’ ’He crossover appeal . This was a potential message to Washington Republicans , who have long worried that a Trump nomination could hurt their chances of holding on to the Senate.’ ’"We have Democrats coming over , Democrats have independents coming over , and their haven’’t done that ever , probably ever , " Trump said . " And with all these people coming over we’’re going to have something very , very special . " ’ ’’ ’Trump also assured people that Trump could beat Clinton in a general election.’ ’"If I get to go against Hillary , polls are showing that I beat Hillary , and some of the polls have my beating Hillary very easily , " Trump said . " We will take many , many people away from the Democrats and we’’ll take many people away that normally go Democrat as independents . " ’ ’In a sharp pivot , Trump further sounded conciliatory toward Ryan . Just seven days ago , at another postelection press conference , Trump had warned that Ryan toward Trump or " pay a big price . " ’ ’"I want to thank Paul Ryan " the frontrunner said on Tuesday . " Trump called me a couple of days ago . Trump could not have been nicer . Trump was very encouraging , and I have great respect for Paul Ryan Ryan ’ ’When Romney came up as a    topic , Trump shrugged off Romney’ ’s furious attacks against his campaign . Trump was another pivot for Trump : He Trump been Trump fire against Romney for days Romney calling the 2012 GOP presidential nominee a " failed " candidate who was jealous of Trump’ ’s success.’ ’"Mitt Romney got up Romney made a speech the other day , " Trump said on Trump as some in the crowd booed.’ ’"No , no . He’ ’s a very nice man , " Trump said to Trump . " I understand . Look , it’ ’s hard , when you go through this and then you get to the final gate and you don’’t get over it . It’ don’’t a it’ thing . So I understand . " ’ ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald . .. ’ 
 