BEVERLY HILLS   —    Cory Booker ’s trip to California has been described as a " tryout " to be Hillary Clinton ’s running mate . But the Senator from New Jersey was greeted by a largely empty room on the Senator from New Jersey first stop , at an LGBT outreach event Thursday .    an LGBT outreach event Thursday was scheduled for 3:00 p. m. but at start time there were only four people in a largely empty room on his first stop , excluding three who worked for the Feminist Majority Foundation , which hosted the event an LGBT outreach event Thursday At 3:05 p. m. Sen. Booker arrived , and several attendees trickled in . One woman told Breitbart News excitedly that she preferred Cory One woman to Bill Clinton .   As organizers struggled to fill the seats , Booker approached this Cory Booker reporter Breitbart News take a " selfie . " Organizers made the best of a bad situation , swapping out a lectern and rows of chairs for a small discussion in a circle . In the end , about 20 people turned out .   Booker spoke about his own Cory Booker journey for Cory Booker of the event . He noted that he had Cory Booker angry with Cory Booker Democratic Party for the Defense of Marriage Act , signed into law by Bill Clinton in 1996 . He said that although he Cory Booker Barack Obama in Cory Booker 2008 election , he had been upset with Cory Booker way she had been mistreated by her political opponents in that she , such as being judged by the way she dressed . He said she admired her Cory Booker grit Cory Booker " she said he had rushed Cory Booker California Cory Booker receiving an urgent call from the Clinton campaign , saying that campaign all hands on deck " to stop a late surge by Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) . He said little else about Cory Booker   —    whom he called Clinton " volunteer Cory Booker , " for running for president   —    but did attack Republican frontrunner Donald Trump , whom he accused of demagoguery and Cory Booker .   Playing on Abraham Lincoln ’s famous quote , Booker quipped that Trump " shows malice towards everyone . " Booker challenged each of the members of Booker small audience to be a " Booker , " not a " thermometer . " Clinton herself held her first event of a    blitz Clinton herself hours before , speaking on foreign policy in San Diego . 
 