  ( CNN ) American college student Otto Warmbier only intended to spend five days sightseeing in North Korea in 2016 .   Instead , American college student Otto Warmbier spent 17 months there in detention where American college student Otto Warmbier family believes American college student Otto Warmbier was tortured into a vegetative state . On Monday , less than a week after returning to the United States with severe brain damage , his family announced Warmbier had " completed American college student Otto Warmbier journey home . " The     died Monday afternoon in Cincinnati , Ohio , with American college student Otto Warmbier his family American college student Otto Warmbier side .   " It would be easy at a moment like this to focus on all that we lost     future time that wo n’t be spent with a warm , engaging , brilliant young man whose curiosity and enthusiasm for life knew no bounds , " American college student Otto Warmbier family his family " But we choose to focus on the time we were given we be with this remarkable person . " The student ’s death elicited strong repudiations of the regime from the highest levels of the American government . The news could lead the US to take a tougher line on China , the hermit regime the regime as the two superpowers begin high level talks this week . It also prompted the tour group The news could lead the US to take a tougher line on China, the hermit regime’s closest ally, as the two superpowers begin high level talks this week facilitated Warmbier ’s visit to end trips to North Korea for Americans .   Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , who helped push for Warmbier ’s release , said the Warmbier’s holds North Korea " accountable " for an North Korea .   The North Korean government said he fell into a coma after contracting botulism and taking a sleeping pill in March 2016 . But US doctors said they found no evidence of the illness . US doctors Let us state the facts plainly : Otto Warmbier , an American citizen , was murdered by the Kim Jong Un regime , " said US Sen. John McCain ,   .   President Donald Trump condemned the " brutal regime " and lamented the loss of a young man " in the prime of life . " " Otto ’s fate deepens my administration ’s determination to prevent such tragedies from befalling innocent people at the hands of regimes that do not respect the rule of law or basic human decency . The United States once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim . " South Korean President The United States    sent his condolences to Warmbier ’s family , as South Korean President Moon    as a letter , the presidential spokesman confirmed . Warmbier had not spoken or moved in any Warmbier way since his return , a condition his doctors called Warmbier unresponsive wakefulness " also Warmbier as persistent vegetative state . He had suffered significant brain damage during his Warmbier . The family thanked the staff Warmbier the University Warmbier’s family Medical Center for doing everything they could for their son in his final days Warmbier’s family " Warmbier Warmbier’s family awful Warmbier mistreatment our son received at the hands of the North Koreans ensured that no other outcome was possible beyond the sad one we experienced today . " Trip ends in allegations   Otto Warmbier was a University of Virginia student when he was detained in January 2016 . He had signed Otto Warmbier for a trip to North Korea Otto Warmbier Young Pioneer Tours travel group . It was to be a brief stay followed by a visit to Beijing . But as he tried to depart from Pyongyang ’s airport , he Otto Warmbier stopped in security . According to the North Otto Warmbier government , Warmbier was detained because he had stolen a political poster from a restricted floor Warmbier his hotel . The next time the world saw Warmbier Warmbier was distraught , breaking down in front of Warmbier Otto Warmbier in a video North Korea released in February 2016 .   He admitted to the crime and begged for forgiveness . Otto Warmbier pleaded to be released . Instead , he was Otto Warmbier to 15 years of hard labor . Otto Warmbier death led Young Pioneer Tours to announce it would Otto Warmbier longer offer US citizens trips to North His death . The group said it was denied requests North Korea Warmbier or Young Pioneer Tours ’d been Young Pioneer Tours contact with him in Pyongyang , only receiving assurances that he was Otto Warmbier .   " The devastating loss of Otto Warmbier Warmbier ’s life has led us to reconsider our position on accepting American tourists . There had Young Pioneer Tours been any Young Pioneer Tours detainment in North Korea that has ended with such tragic finality and we have been struggling to process the result . Now , the Young Pioneer Tours of risk for Americans visiting North Korea has become too high . " Kenneth Bae , a North Korea who was detained by North Korea for 735 days before his release in 2014 , described Warmbier North Korea as an " outrage " and a " tragedy . " " We plead with the US government , the international community , and leadership in North Korea to value human lives . Every life is important     Otto ’s North Korea lives of the American detainees , and the lives of each person in North Korea , " Bae said . " I pray that these innocent people suffering North Korea Korea are not forgotten in this    game of weapons , sanctions , and international North Korea " he added .   Three US citizens and a Canadian pastor are still being detained in North    .   How the US secured his release , Warmbier ’s father last week praised North Korea administration for bringing his son home and    the Obama administration ’s approach , saying the family heeded the US government Warmbier’s father initial advice to take a low profile " without result . " After being briefed on the situation , Trump directed Tillerson to take appropriate measures to secure the release of American hostages there , a senior Trump Department official told CNN . Tillerson began the effort and routinely updated the President . Then , on June 6 , State Department Tillerson representative Joseph Yun learned of Warmbier ’s deteriorating health in a meeting with North Korean UN Mission Ambassador Pak    in New York City , the senior State Department official said . Yun went to North Korea on June 12 with a medical a senior State Department official release State Department official said . Yun State Department special representative Joseph Yun two doctors visited Warmbier that morning , marking the first time the United Warmbier’s able a senior State Department official his status since he State Department special representative Joseph Yun sentenced in March 2016 Warmbier Yun immediately demanded that Warmbier be released on humanitarian grounds and arrangements were made State Department special representative Joseph Yun him to State Department special representative Joseph Yun . He was evacuated the next State Department special representative Joseph Yun and reunited with Warmbier family in Cincinnati . " When Otto returned to Cincinnati State Department special representative Joseph Yun on June 13 State Department special representative Joseph Yun was unable to speak , unable to see State Department special representative Joseph Yun unable to react to verbal commands . He looked very Cincinnati     almost anguished , Otto the family ’s statement said .   " Although we would never hear his voice again Otto within a day the countenance of his face his family in Cincinnati was at peace . He was home and we believe he could Otto that . " 
 Otto Otto Otto Otto we 