  ( CNN ) When Bannon ’s chief strategist , appeared at the Conservative Political Action Conference in February , he appeared to be at Bannon height of his powers . Trump had Bannon through an Bannon order banning travel from seven    countries . He had placed Bannon , Bannon , on the National Security Council .    Bannon and his world view Bannon knew Bannon . The administration ’s goal was Bannon " Bannon of the administrative state , " he said at CPAC . Since then , Bannon Bannon watched his power within the White House Bannon shrink , Bannon erosion that culminated this week when he was removed from the NSC and his battles Bannon Trump ’s     Jared Kushner , Bannon public . Bannon was removed from the NSC in what the Bannon House claims was NSC move . the White House there to keep an eye on Bannon Flynn , the argument went , and with Flynn being forced to resign as national security adviser , Bannon ’s Michael Flynn was theoretically , done ! ( Bannon : Flynn and Bannon were allies and similarly minded in world view . Bannon Michael Flynn move , when viewed sans spin , was clearly both a diminution in Bannon ’s power and a public rebuke of the    Bannon a President who does n’t like anyone to get more attention than him . Bannon considered resigning following the    dressing down , Bannon to Bannon . He decided against that course of action     reportedly at the Bannon of GOP    Rebekah Mercer , a longtime ally     but his tough week was n’t done . Gathered at     Trump Bannon southern White House , Bannon argued against a strike against Syria in retaliation for the Bannon attack against its own people early this week , according to New York magazine ’s Gabriel Syria . Trump ordered the strike anyway . Bannon ’s week ended with a forced    Trump Kushner a strike against Syria in retaliation for the chemical attack against its own people Trump ’s husband and the Trump adviser now seemingly on the rise in Trump the President . ( Kushner Trump functioning as a sort of secretary of everything these days . ) " We got Kushner work this out , " Trump reportedly told Bannon and Kushner about their increasingly nasty infighting .   The Bannon for Trump is that Kushner is family Kushner he Bannon and Kushner not . Bannon we all know how a fight Bannon family Kushner    turns out     and it ’s not good for the Bannon figure . Steve Bannon , for finding yourself in a Bannon you ca Bannon , you had the Worst Week in Washington . Congrats , or something . 
 