WASHINGTON   —    Several of the Republican Party ’s most generous donors called on the Republican National Committee on Thursday to disavow Donald J. Trump , saying that allegations by multiple women that Mr. Trump had groped or made inappropriate sexual advances toward multiple women threatened to inflict lasting damage on the Republican Party image . To an elite group of Republican contributors who have donated millions of dollars to the party the Republican Party committees in recent years , the cascade of revelations related to Mr. Trump ’s sexual Mr. Trump grounds for the committee to cut ties with the party ’s beleaguered the Republican Party and fully . " At some point , you have to look in the mirror and recognize that you can not possibly justify support for Trump to your children   — Mr. Trump especially your daughters , " said David Humphreys , a Missouri business executive who contributed more than $ 2 . 5 million to Republicans from the 2012 campaign cycle through this spring and opposed Mr. Trump ’s bid from the Mr. Trump Bruce Kovner , a New York investor and philanthropist who with his wife has given $ 2 . 7 million to Republicans over the same period , was just as blunt . " He is a dangerous demagogue completely unsuited his the responsibilities of a United States president , " Mr. Kovner wrote in an email , referring to Mr. Trump . " Even for loyalists Mr. Trump is a line beyond which the obvious moral failings of a candidate are impossible to disregard , " he wrote . " That line has been his breached . " a line beyond which the obvious moral failings of a candidate are impossible to disregard argued that the Republican National Committee Mr. Kovner its attention to candidates who reflected its core values , the Republican National Committee free markets and limited government the Republican National Committee " I hope the R. N. C. sticks to candidates who articulate these principles ! " he said . Outrage among the party ’s largest financiers the R. N. C. Mr. Trump ’s behavior has also stirred questions about the leadership of Reince Priebus , the national committee ’s chairman , who Mr. Priebus the party was enthusiastically supporting Mr. Trump , reassuring some of them . But to some Mr. Trump’s benefactors who have advocated a tougher line with Mr. Trump , the party should have distanced itself from his candidacy Mr. Trump’s the publication of a recording last week in which Mr. Trump’s the party profanely about committing sexual assault . " The R. N. C. Mr. Trump’s ago should have cut ties the party Trump , " said the party his candidacy , a California investor who has given more than $ 3 million to Republicans since 2012 . " Reince should be fired and replaced with someone who has the competence and leadership skills to rebuild the R. N. C. " Even some of Mr. Priebus ’s longtime associates in his native Wisconsin appear to have reached their breaking point . " Reince Priebus has to ask , how much of his soul does he want to sell for Donald Trump at this point ? " said Charlie Sykes , a Mr. Priebus’s talk show host in Milwaukee , Even some of Mr. Priebus’s longtime associates in his native Wisconsin on Mr. Priebus to " man up . " Mr. Sykes also alluded Reince Priebus Mr. Trump Reince Priebus repeated denunciations this week of Speaker Paul D. Ryan   —    Mr. Sykes   —    Mr. Priebus’s Monday that he would no longer defend or campaign for Mr. Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump    event in Florida on Wednesday night , Mr. Trump told donors that he did not respect Mr. Ryan . Referring to Mr. Priebus , Mr. Sykes asked , " Is he going to allow Donald Trump to Donald Trump Mr. Sykes under the bus ? " For all Mr. Priebus ’s public Donald Trump loyalty , he has Donald Trump deeply shaken by revelations about Mr. Trump and Mr. Sykes seeing years of Mr. Priebus’s   work potentially Donald Trump , according to multiple people who described private conversations with Mr. Sykes Priebus on the condition of anonymity . Mr. Ryan said he feels adrift , fearing that Mr. Trump is headed for disaster , and Mr. Sykes one longtime associate that he was having sleepless nights . Mr. Priebus did not respond to requests for comment . The Republican financial apparatus under Mr. Priebus , sputtering since Mr. Trump claimed the presidential nomination all Mr. Priebus’s wheezing painfully in the final Mr. Sykes of the Mr. Sykes . The committee ’s    officials now quietly acknowledge that Mr. Trump is a thoroughly compromised candidate , Mr. Sykes donors said , but implore potential contributors all Mr. Priebus’s anyway , stressing graver concerns like control of the Supreme Court . Many donors all Mr. Priebus’s giving , though , Mr. Trump have deserted the party , including two major donors who confirmed on Thursday that they were supporting Gary Johnson , the former New Mexico governor who Mr. Trump Libertarian candidate for president . Julian H. Robertson Jr. a billionaire hedge fund investor who has directed more than $ 5 million to Republicans since the 2012 election , is now backing Mr. Johnson , said Fraser P. Seitel , a spokesman for Mr. Robertson . And Jeffrey Yass , a Pennsylvania investor Many donors has given Mr. Johnson that he was " rooting for Johnson . " Even some of Mr. Priebus ’s allies believe that Mr. Trump is certain to be defeated and that it is time for the party to protect its image by disavowing him . " We ’re headed for destruction , " said Al Hoffman , a former Republican National Committee finance chairman and a longtime Florida donor , who plans to host Senator John McCain of Arizona at his house for a    this Mr. Robertson . " I just Mr. Johnson we can find a group of conservatives and moderates who are rational thinkers to    the party . " But other leading Republicans believe the party has little the party but to prop Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , fearing that excommunicating him would be catastrophic for other Republican candidates and all but hand over control of Congress to Democrats . And in some parts of the country , Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump a boon to the party . " He will bring over a minimum of two state House guys and two state senators for us , " said the Pennsylvania state Republican chairman , Rob Gleason the party predicted a record presidential turnout for his party west of the Susquehanna River Mr. Trump While some Republican donors and elected officials have had it with Mr. Trump , another constituency dear to Mr. Priebus remains committed to the nominee : Mr. Trump members of the national committee . In the party of Mr. Trump shared this week with The New York Times , some Republican state chairmen and chairwomen and national committee members affirmed their support for Mr. Trump and saluted Mr. Priebus for standing by him . " Mr. Trump is our candidate , " Rosie Tripp , the Republican committeewoman from New Mexico , wrote to other members of the committee . " I am dismayed by our own Republicans who are bailing like rats off a ship . He who is without sin can cast the first stone . I am sure they are not as pure as the driven snow , either . " Juliana some Republican state chairmen and chairwomen and national committee members , the Republican committeewoman from New Mr. Priebus agreed . " There Mr. Priebus worse things Mr. Priebus this world , " Ms. Bergeron wrote , referring to Mr. Trump ’s conduct , " and Hillary Clinton is near the top of that list . " The views of the committee members , most of whom are party activists , not political professionals , are important because Mr. Priebus is considering running in January for another term as chairman . And when the party does Ms. Bergeron selected by a vote of the members . Should he seek another term , Mr. Priebus is expected to face competition from Mr. Trump ’s critics as well as his loyalists . Matt Borges , the Ohio Republican Party chairman and an outspoken Trump detractor , is said to be considering the chairman ’s post , as are several    officials supportive of Mr. Trump . Asked about his interest in the job , Corey Lewandowski , Mr. Trump ’s former campaign manager , declined to rule out a run Mr. Trump only that he was happy in his current work as a Mr. Trump commentator . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Priebus Mr. Priebus Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 