  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s    speech attacking Hillary Clinton Wednesday seemed more designed to reassure the candidate ’s Republican base than to broaden the candidate’s Republican base appeal to independents or Democrats .    The fact is Donald Trump raised valid questions about Hillary Clinton ’s foreign policy positions ,    practices and email quandary     but    did so in    vintage     fashion , with so many personal insults that many will ignore or forget the substance of    criticism . For example , it ’s one thing to question the Obama administration ’s foreign policy , and quite another to leap to Trump ’s overheated conclusion : " The Hillary Clinton foreign policy has cost America thousands of lives and trillions of dollars     and unleashed ISIS across the world .   No secretary of state has been more wrong , more often , and in more places than Hillary Clinton . Her No secretary of state spread death , destruction and terrorism everywhere she No secretary of state . " Everywhere ?   The statement cries out for a more substantive debate about Clinton Hillary Clinton for the raid that killed Osama bin Laden the temporary ceasefire she negotiated Hillary Clinton Hamas and Israel and the Iran nuclear deal .   But Trump ’s speech was n’t about debating policy points , it was Trump’s speech    trashing of Clinton designed Hillary Clinton rally conservatives , predictably veered off the road from justifiable concerns into unfounded conspiracy theories .   Indeed , Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton of a private email server during her time Hillary Clinton secretary of state , and donations to the Clinton Foundation raise important questions about potential conflicts of interest that the campaign has not fully answered .   But that ’s a long way from stating , as Trump did , that " to    her corrupt    , Hillary Clinton illegally stashed her State Hillary Clinton emails on a private server , " or that " While we may not know what is in those deleted emails , our enemies probably do . So they probably our enemies have a blackmail file over someone who wants to be President of the United States . "    A more rational reading of Trump ’s accusations would have to acknowledge that Trump ’s Trump’s that Clinton belongs behind bars is just false     and Republicans know it .   Clinton belongs behind bars Waldman wrote in The Washington Post earlier this spring that many of the emails deemed " classified " were only done so by intelligence agencies after they were sent intelligence agencies Because she did n’t Clinton and intentionally send state secrets on an unsecure server , there is n’t really much of a case to lead her away in Clinton to a federal courtroom .   As for the substance of the 296 emails rolled out by the State Department last May , roughly a dozen were from Sidney Blumenthal    a writer , lobbyist and longtime Clinton ally    sent to Clinton ’s email Clinton her time as top Clinton , and they have also lobbyist and longtime Clinton ally    eyebrows .    Blumenthal was barred Sidney Blumenthal working for the State Department in 2009 because he regularly blasted Sidney Blumenthal Obama during the 2008 election . But that did n’t stop him from regularly Sidney Blumenthal Clinton with information about Clinton could head a new government in Libya , suggestions that she recirculated to her Clinton , according Clinton reporting from the New York Times .   Blumenthal ’s communications with Clinton raised a string Clinton ethical questions . He represented a company Blumenthal to land contracts in Libya after the fall Libya Moammar Gadhafi , and The New York Times the New York Times paid by The Clinton Blumenthal .   And Bill Clinton ’s    Clinton a headache for Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . Clinton has pulled in millions from foreign nationals The Clinton Foundation from embarrassing security lapses . The New York Times reported in April 2015 that the the New York Times from a Canadian group of investors that was in the process of selling off its shares of a uranium company to Russia . The company ’s chairman the New York Times $ 2 . 35 million to the Clinton Foundation through a uranium company foundation , in four donations , as the The Clinton Foundation One , was sold to The company’s chairman officials between 2009 and 2013 .   Then Secretary of State Clinton had to sign off on the sale . The Clintons did n’t disclose those donations     an apparent departure from an agreement she had made with Obama to do so , according to the Times report . That ’s just one Clintons several questionable relationships between the Clintons and donors .   The Clinton Global Initiative , a    charitable organization ( and spinoff of the Clintons , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Secretary of State Clinton ) in 2010 helped arrange a $ 2 million commitment from a Canadian businesswoman and CGI member to invest in a    company owned by Clinton friends , according to a Wall Street Journal article last month . That year , Bill Clinton lobbied Secretary of State Clinton of Energy Steven Chu for a grant the Department of Energy gave the company an Secretary of State Clinton , 000 grant , the article said . Then there ’s the story of Rajiv K. Fernando , a    securities trader who was a Wall Street Journal article and donor to The Clinton Foundation . Fernando wound up getting himself a seat on the State Department ’s International Security Advisory Board     giving him access to highly classified materials     Fernando the fact that he did n’t have any background in foreign affairs , Fernando News reported last week . Other board members started to Fernando concerned in 2011 when Fernando did n’t seem to know anything about nuclear security and one member told ABC : " We had no idea Fernando he was . " Clinton officials have tried to dodge some of these questionable donations and Other board members as to what those one member might have purchased . But voters deserve to question the schmoozing and fundraising that gets spun into nothing more than a mix up .   So Trump has good , valid reasons to warn voters about Clinton ’s record .   But unfounded suggestions that she could be blackmailed go a step too far .   So Clinton ’s assertion in his speech that " Though Clinton was not in government service , I was among the earliest to Trump rush to war Trump and yes , even before the war ever started . " Researchers can find no support for Trump ’s assertion that he was a    opponent of the Iraq War the    at Politifact rate the claim as false . Trump ’s left is Trump kind of      bombast Trump has been serving up from the podium for a year now .     love it , but it ’s hard to see how Trump will change minds in the swing states likely to settle the election in November . Correction : it earlier version of this commentary it described the relationship between the Clinton Global Initiative and Energy Pioneer Solutions .   The company did not commit $ 2 million to the Clinton Global Initiative CGI helped arrange the commitment of $ 2 million from another the Clinton Global Initiative and Energy Pioneer Solutions Energy Pioneer Solutions , according to a Wall Clinton Journal article . Join us on Facebook . . Read CNNOpinion ’s new Flipboard magazine . 
 