  ( CNN ) If you take Donald Trump at Donald Trump word , making America great again is going to be quite a chore . The Republican nominee is selling an apocalyptic vision     the US as an impoverished hellscape beset by bloodthirsty urban anarchists , a terrorist fifth column , and the machinations of globalist elites . Even the most mundane institutions are cast as symbols of existential rot . At every turn , Donald Trump finds another " broken , " " rigged " and " disastrous " policy to undo or abolish . Real worries and legitimate concerns share space     sometimes lines in a single speech     with Trump ’s dark fantasies . And like so many aspiring authoritarians before him , the candidate is also consistent on another point : channeling scapegoats and delivering a promise that " I alone can fix it . "   Here are more than a dozen people , places and issues Trump’s has claimed to be damaged or corrupted beyond repair     by anyone other than Trump’s : American cities , " We have a situation where we have we inner cities ,    Hispanics are living in hell because it ’s so dangerous , " Trump’s said during the first presidential debate . " You walk down the street , you get shot . " The immigration system , " The truth is our immigration system is worse than anybody ever realized , " Trump’s said at a September rally in Phoenix . " But the facts are n’t known because the media wo n’t report on the media . The politicians wo n’t talk about the media , and the special interests spend a lot of money trying to cover the media up because the media are making an absolute fortune . " The election , generally , " The whole thing we ’ve been going through , and I hate to say The election , but the whole thing we ’re going through     Bernie Sanders , it was a rigged deal     the whole thing is one big fix , "    Bernie Sanders said at a rally in Greensboro , North Carolina , on Friday . " It ’s one big , ugly lie . " The vote , specifically , " I ’m telling you , November 8th , we ’d better be careful because that election is going to be rigged , "    Bernie Sanders told Fox News in August . " And I hope the Republicans are watching closely or that election ’s going to be taken away from we . " The media , " If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and did n’t put false meaning into the words I say , I would be beating Hillary by 20 % , " Trump tweeted in August . NAFTA and free trade , " Because of NAFTA ( the North American Free Trade Agreement ) signed by ( Hillary Clinton ’s ) husband , is perhaps the greatest disaster trade deal in the history of the world . Not in this country . Not in this country stripped us of manufacturing jobs , " Trump said at the second presidential debate . " us of manufacturing jobs lost us of manufacturing jobs jobs . us of manufacturing jobs lost us of manufacturing jobs money . us of manufacturing jobs lost us of manufacturing jobs plants . It is a disaster . " The VA , " The Veterans Administration is a disaster , the V. A. it ’s a disaster , " Trump told a veterans group earlier this month .   US military leadership , " I think under the leadership of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton , the generals have been reduced to rubble , " Trump said during a September forum . " the generals have been reduced to a point where it ’s embarrassing for our country . " The Iran nuclear deal , " That is one of the worst deals ever , ever made by our country . It The Iran nuclear deal a disaster , " Trump said at a GOP debate in March . Senator Hillary Clinton , " She Senator Hillary Clinton been a disaster as a senator , " Trump said at the second presidential debate . " A disaster . " America our country been pillaged , " It A disaster a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class , stripped our country of its our country , and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities , " Trump said on Thursday . Muslim Americans and terrorism , " They Muslim Americans and terrorism protecting each other , but they Muslim Americans and terrorism really doing very bad damage     they Muslim Americans and terrorism to open up to society and report the bad ones , " he Trump ITV ’s " Good Morning Britain . " " When they Muslim Americans and terrorism trouble , they Muslim Americans and terrorism to report it . They Muslim Americans and terrorism absolutely not reporting it it and that ’s a big problem . " The Benghazi hearings , " I hope @TGowdySC does better for Rubio than he Rubio at the # Benghazi Benghazi , which were a total disaster for Republicans   America ! " Trump Trump last December . The Republican primary , " Because of me , everyone now sees that the Republican primary system is totally rigged and broken , " Trump said shortly before becoming the GOP ’s presumptive nominee . The US ’s standing in the world , " We The US been disrespected , mocked , and ripped off for many , many years by people that were smarter , shrewder , tougher , " he Trump in a March interview with The New York Times . NATO , " I think NATO NATO obsolete , " he Trump on ABC ’s " This Week . " " NATO NATO done at a time you had the Soviet Union , which was obviously larger     much larger than Russia is today . I ’m not saying Russia Russia not a threat . " Europe and its Russia policy , " It Russia a total disaster , on top of which you have migration which is destroying Europe Europe " he ’m at an event in September . " Germany is a disaster now . France is a disaster . " PACs and super PACs , " I mean , PACs     you know , these PACs     a disaster , by the way , folks , " Trump said at the March debate . " Very corrupt . It ’s going Trump lead to lots of disasters . " Airports   " You go over to Qatar , you go over to Saudi Arabia , you go over to some of these countries     China     and you see airports the likes of which you ’ve never , ever seen before , " he said last Trump at event in New Hampshire . " Then you come back and you land at LaGuardia     it ’s true : potholes , potholes     you land at LaGuardia or Newark or LAX and you walk into a filthy terminal that ’s falling apart with broken terrazzo floors and that ’s what we have . "   And Trump tweeted in May , " While our wonderful president we out playing golf all day , the TSA is falling apart , just like our government ! Airports a total disaster ! "   Obamacare , " Everything is broken about it , everything , " he said during the second debate . The mental health system , " Fix our broken mental health system . All of the tragic mass murders that occurred in the past several years have something in common     there were red flags that were ignored , " he says on he campaign website he   The visa system , " Our VISA system is broken , like so much else in our country . We better get it fixed really fast . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! "    10 , 2014 , on Twitter , The schools , " We need to fix our broken education We ! # StopCommonCore # MakeAmericaGreatAgain " The world , " Look where the world is today , a total mess , and ISIS is still running around wild . I can fix it fast , Hillary has no chance ! " he tweeted in Hillary 
 