Washington ( CNN ) Congressional Republicans insist Congressional Republicans are moving forward on Congressional Republicans campaign pledge to repeal and replace Obamacare , but internal divisions over key components mean Congressional Republicans will head home for a    recess with few details on how Congressional Republicans will overhaul the nation ’s health care system . Republicans huddled in the basement of the Capitol for a    meeting Thursday to hear presentations from the two committee leaders leading the effort     Oregon Rep. Greg Walden and Texas Rep. Kevin Brady     who outlined plans to set up tax credits and restructuring how states will administer Medicaid programs that provide coverage for millions .   Members coming out of a   meeting continued to stress they Members coming out of the meeting unified on their Members coming out of the meeting and campaign promise to do away with the Affordable Care Act , but no draft language was was handed out . Most members described a more robust discussion of the House GOP ’s " Better Way " health care proposal that they Most members on in 2016 .   " This is a complex issue , one of the Most members ’hey you ’ve got to keep this simple.’ You ca n’t keep this simple . When you are talking about health care and rolling back 2 , 600 pages of the Affordable Care Act this is going to take some complexity , " Republican Rep. Mark Walker , the head of a group of fiscal conservatives , said after the meeting .   Many conservatives , despite the lack of details , said they are Many conservatives that there will be a vote in the first quarter of the year     a goal that House Speaker Paul Ryan has set .     But other members said their new other members for moving legislation from committees to the House floor was sometime in   .   In recent weeks , town halls in member ’s districts have erupted with angry pushback from voters who are uneasy about the Republicans’ plans to transform the health care system .     At Thursday ’s meeting , there was a PowerPoint presentation and members were supposed to get paper versions to bring home , but they were members ready in time for the meeting Thursday’s meeting leaders promised to give each member packets with information so they will be leaders with some more answers for voters .   A PowerPoint distributed after the meeting included Thursday’s meeting Americans who had been negatively affected by the Affordable Care Act and included maps of just how much premiums had gone up in individual states and how few options there were in some places . The slide show included a briefing of the    plan to give regulatory relief through administrative action , repeal and replace using reconciliation and then move forward with additional legislation .   Michigan Rep. Bill Huizenga told reporters he was n’t worried Michigan Rep. Bill Huizenga still has n’t seen a bill from leaders yet , noting that the Democrats’ efforts to design Obamacare took 14 months .   " We knew we have they gotten they this overnight , " Huizenga said . " Michigan Rep. Bill Huizenga are not going they get out of it overnight . "   The official cost estimate of the GOP proposal is still a work in progress by the Congressional Budget Office . Members are awaiting the results .   " If it comes back and it ’s out of it roof then it might take some it time to figure out how to pay for this , " Walker admitted .   Missouri GOP Rep. Ann Wagner downplayed the fact that leaders did n’t unveil actual legislation , telling reporters " I think we ’ve got the outline of things that will be a part of a bill and part of a reconciliation package going along . We have had this we place for some time , and now we ’re getting down we some of the very specifics . "   Trump ’s man aims to reassure GOP , Newly installed Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price , who recently resigned his House seat , attended the meeting and pledged " the president is    on this . "   But GOP leaders are concerned that the window for action is tight and they are scrambling to GOP leaders members around a proposal .   The more time they take the more GOP leaders    from the right and left     to speed up or slow down the process     are making their job more difficult GOP leaders They are using a GOP leaders procedure known as reconciliation to repeal major planks of the law and begin the process of replacing it . This process major planks of the law them the process of replacing it the GOP leaders with a major planks of the law in the Senate . But they want to use GOP leaders similar strategy for tax reform so they are mindful of GOP leaders need to get bill moving soon so they can tackle other GOP leaders this spring .   Price discussed the need to stick with the timeline the leaders set out . " Let ’s not miss this opportunity . Price ’s go shoulder to shoulder , Price to arm , " he said .   But multiple shoulder from across the ideological spectrum stressed that a lot of decisions still had n’t been made on key issues .   " So there ’s obviously unanswered questions and     no shocker here     we have differences of opinion even within our conference , " Huizenga told we .   Future of Obamacare taxes , Medicaid programs   Committee leaders walked through several policy issues they are working through such as Committee leaders to design tax credits for those who will be shopping for health care in the new system and how to address how money will flow to states that administer the Medicaid program .   They went Medicaid plans for creating Committee leaders pools and proposals for incentives for broader use of health savings accounts . In the PowerPoint sent out after the meeting , there was a promise to " deliver relief from the Obamacare taxes , " " eliminate the individual and employer mandate penalties , " and " repeal Obamacare spending for the Medicaid expansion and the new    subsidies . "   But in some areas , there was no clear consensus . For example , the details on how states would handle the Medicaid program are still being worked Medicaid . Republicans from Medicaid expansion states have been fighting Medicaid keep their expansion money and ensure voters Republicans from Medicaid expansion states home who were covered under the program could remain on it the Medicaid program Medicaid has long been the Medicaid program top Medicaid for fiscal conservatives looking to make cuts in the budget . There is wide consensus that states need more flexibility in handling their federal Medicaid dollars , but there states are not clear details on whether that   flexibility will come through block grants or per capita allotments is still up in the air .   Ways and Means Committee Chairman Brady told reporters that the discussion was also ongoing as to what to do with Obamacare taxes . Conservatives have said the taxes need to be repealed immediately Obamacare taxes others have been arguing that Republicans will need to keep the taxes in place in the short term Obamacare taxes their own Obamacare replacement .   Rep. Pete Sessions Obamacare taxes Texas told reporters that he had no actual budget numbers of how each Rep. Pete Sessions of Texas from tax credits to health savings    would be funded , a key factor in whether or not Republicans will be able to rally around the plan .   " They did not overlay the money and that is Republicans big question , " Sessions said . " You can not pass policy , you have to pass money . It ’s about money . "   So far , a leading member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus did n’t sound impressed with what he heard from his leadership .      " So a leading member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus it just a leading member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus like Obamacare light , " said Idaho Republican Rep. Raul Labrador . 
 