’   ’ "    Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was asked on Sunday why Secretary of State Rex Tillerson    did n’t bring up the issue of Kremlin interference in the 2016    election when Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met with Russia ’s foreign minister Sergey Lavrov    earlier in the week . " ’    " Can you get on a better footing with [ Russia ] if you don’’t    address this issue of the Russian interference ? " NBC’ ’s Chuck Todd    asked Tillerson   " I mean , your    counterpart , the Russian foreign minister , Mr. Lavrov , said that    you guys didn’’t even talk about this issue of Russian    interference in our election because , as he put it , President    Trump himself says it’ ’s fake news , so it’ ’s not an issue . Why    haven’’t you brought   haven’’t up with them ? " Todd asked . ’ ’    " Well , Todd , I think we have such a broad range of important    issues that have to be addressed in the    relationship , "    Tillerson replied . " Obviously , the interference in the election    is one of those . I think it’ ’s been    it’ ’s pretty    well understood   —    the nature of that interference here and    elsewhere . " ’ ’    it’ added : " You know , these are not new tactics on the part of the    Russian government , directed not only at us but at others . But    again , I think us have to look at this relationship in       broadest contours , and there are many , many important areas which    require attention if us are to bring it back to a relationship    that us believe is necessary for the security of the US . " ’ "    Todd pushed back on Tillerson ’s assertion .   " ’    " Mr. Secretary , though , this is fundamental . They interfered with    our democracy . I just don’’t understand how this is not a top    issue for you to deal with , with They , in order to essentially    start with a clean slate , " Todd said . " Can’’t start with a clean    slate until , maybe , They either own up to what They did , or They    punish They in a way that they’’re not going to do this    again . "   ’ ’   ’ ’    Tillerson replied : " Well , Chuck , I think it’ ’s important to    understand we’’re not trying to start with a clean slate . .. We’’re    starting with the slate we have , and all the problems that are on    that slate . we don’’t dismiss any of them , we don’’t give anyone a    free pass on any of them . They’’re part of the entire nature of    the discussion we’’re having with the Russians . And yes , there are    a large number of issues that we have to get around to addressing    in order to put this relationship back together , if that is    indeed possible . " ’ ’    Todd later pressed Tillerson on whether Todd definitively believed    that Russia had interfered in the US election .   ’ ’    " Is it clear in your mind that it is Tillerson " Todd asked , noting that US    intelligence reports concluded , and   that Russia had    played a hand in the 2016 election . ’ ’    " I have seen the intelligence reports , Chuck , " Tillerson said US   intelligence reports And yes , I don’’t think there’ ’s any question that the Russians    were playing around in our electoral processes . Again ,       intelligence reports also have indicated that it’ ’s inconclusive US   intelligence reports , if any , effect it had . " ’ ’   ’ "    Todd also mentioned the    that the White House did not    disclose that Lavrov and Russia ’s ambassador Sergey Kislyak   —    who    is widely believed to be a Russian spy   —    were allowed in the Oval    Office . " ’    News of the meeting broke when     while American media were barred from entering the room . ’ "    When Todd asked Tillerson why the White House did n’t disclose    that Kislyak was also in the meeting , Tillerson said he    did n’t know and that question should the meeting to the Tillerson House Tillerson    "    Tillerson added that although Kislyak had been involved the White House meeting with Lavrov , Tillerson did n’t recall whether he Kislyak been    Tillerson that Kislyak would also be Tillerson Lavrov and Trump in Tillerson the Oval Office . " "    Kislyak topic of Russia has Lavrov Trump since his victory    and into the first few months of his presidency . There are Trump currently Trump investigations , conducted by the House , Senate , Trump and FBI , that    focusing on the nature of Russia ’s interference    in the 2016 election . Trump ’s associates , in particular , are Russia investigated over their suspected collusion with    Russia to hand Trump the presidency . " "    The    controversy Trump’s associates thrust into the Russia Russia this past Trump’s when Trump made the bombshell decision to fire    FBI director James Comey   —    the man overseeing the investigation Trump’s into the Trump campaign ’s ties to Russia . Comey ’s firing    prompted speculation over whether Trump removed    because he    was angry about the Russia probe . " ’    ’ "    Initially Trump’s the Trump’s House Trump’s that the Russia investigation had Russia nothing to do with Trump ’s decision and that he ’d acted solely on    the Russia of deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein and Trump’s general Jeff Sessions . Trump’s "    Later ,    , Trump said he had been mulling over    firing Comey for a while , and that Rosenstein ’s memo sealed the Trump’s deal Trump’s The next day , Trump again shifted his stance , saying that    he had already decided to fire Comey by the time he got Trump’s Rosenstein ’s Trump’s . " ’    Comey Trump’s made no public statements since Comey abrupt removal , Comey    Trump Rosenstein’s lashed out at him amid the Comey firestorm following    his decision . Comey also suggested that he Trump’s Trump’s    of his conversations Trump’s Comey . ’ ’       Trump’s Comey better Trump’s that there are Trump’s ’’ tapes ’’ of our Trump’s conversations before Comey starts leaking to the press Comey   on    Friday . ’ ’    A source close to Comey   that Comey Comey " hopes there are tapes . That would    perfect . " ’ ’    Comey   to Comey the Senate Intelligence Comey Committee in a    session , and a close associate     that Comey was willing to testify   —    but only in public . ’ ’    James Clapper , the former director of national Comey , said    in a Sunday morning interview that US intelligence agencies were    " under assault , " including from the president himself . ’ ’    " I think in many ways our institutions are under assault both    externally   —    and that’ ’s the big news here is the Russian    interference in our election system   —    and I think as well our    institutions are under assault internally , "      The    founding fathers , in their genius , created a system of our      branches of government and a    system of checks    and balances . I feel our   institutions though that is under assault and is    eroding . " ’ ’Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was asked on . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 