’   ’ ’    Sean Hannity on Tuesday laced into Glenn Beck , Texas Sen. Ted    Cruz , and the    Never Trump movement at large , saying on    Sean Hannity radio program that Sean Hannity will hold those who refused to back    Donald Trump responsible should Hillary Clinton win the White    House in November . ’ ’    " You own Hillary Clinton . National Review , you own it National Review Glenn    Beck , you own it National Review Ted Cruz , you own it National Review . .. She Hillary Clinton , I’’m blaming    all of you Hannity " Hannity said . " [ Y]ou own all of her Hillary Clinton . " ’ ’ ’    added : Glenn   Beck Yeah , I’’m going to I’’m names . I’’m not sitting I’’m    and wimping out . I know there are people out there blaming me . " ’ ’    The conservative radio host first named Ohio Gov. John Kasich ,    former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , and Cruz . He then went The conservative radio host first named Ohio Gov. John Kasich,   former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, and Cruz    members of the conservative media , particularly seeming to home    in on Beck , whom he characterized as The conservative radio host first named Ohio Gov. John Kasich,   former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, and Cruz a " holy war " against    Trump . ’ ’’ ’    Hannity concluded the segment by saying that , " on the flip side , "    if Trump were to   Trump the White House and not keep his promises ,   Trump then he would accept   Trump . ’ ’    " I’’ll take the blame and responsibility , " he said . I’’ll OK ? Gladly . I    will proudly pull the lever for Trump . "   Trump ’    Hannity has railed against the Never Trump movement before , but    he has    Hannity refrained from naming specific people ,    particularly Beck    ’ ’    Beck , through a representative , declined to comment . ’ ’    The tirade was likely to deepen an      rift inside the conservative news media . Hannity , Matt Hannity ,    Ann Coulter , and the website Breitbart have   with Beck and more Beck    conservative news outlets over their support for Hannity, Matt Drudge,   Ann Coulter, and the website in this    election cycle . ’ 
 