Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump developed a new campaign pitch this week , arguing that    have been struggling and taken for granted by the Democratic Party and thus should consider a different direction this November . " You ’re living in poverty , your schools are no good , you have no jobs , 58 % of your youth is unemployed     what the hell do you have to lose ? " Donald Trump told an audience Friday in Dimondale , Michigan . ( A recent CNNMoney Reality Check has found Donald Trump ’s 58 % statistic to be true , but misleading . ) In the same speech , Trump’s predicted that were Trump’s to run for    after a first term , Trump’s would capture 95 % of the    vote . The next day , in Fredericksburg , Virginia , Donald Trump acknowledged the GOP ’s longtime unpopularity with black voters and said Donald Trump wanted the party to " be the home of the    voter once again . " But Donald Trump historically low support among black voters and a series of stumbles throughout Donald Trump campaign suggest Donald Trump will have some work to do . A new    Street Journal poll found Hillary Clinton beating Donald Trump among that demographic 91 % to 1 % . Here ’s a brief look at Trump ’s history with    on the campaign trail . ’Diamond’ and ’Silk’ Two of Trump ’s earliest supporters were a pair of    women , Lynnette " Diamond " Hardaway and Rochelle " Silk " Richardson , who became almost instant YouTube stars after posting their " Stump for Trump " videos early in his campaign . Trump soon began touting their at Trump rallies and even bringing their on stage with Trump a few times , cementing their celebrity status . ’Maybe Trump should have been roughed up’ After a Black Lives Matter protester was shoved to the ground and beaten by a    white Trump supporters at a rally last November , Trump said on Fox News , " Maybe Trump should have been roughed up because it was absolutely disgusting what Trump was doing . " Trump said he Trump not condone the physical confrontation . 100 black pastors   Shortly after the a Black Lives Matter protester beaten at one of his Trump , Trump Trump that he Trump meet with a large group of black pastors in New York , where they would endorse him Trump His Trump initially trumpeted the event , but several black pastors invited to the gathering quickly rebutted the endorsement talk , with one calling him Trump " insult and embarrassment . "   This forced the cancellation of a planned press conference and left Trump in an awkward spot . But he Trump held the event and the event black pastors who he Trump were supporting him Trump " I saw love in that room . I see love everywhere I go , " Trump said . David Trump and Trump ’s ’bad earpiece’ In the thick of the Republican primaries , Trump received the support Trump former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke . But rather than immediately denounce Duke , Trump claimed former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke CNN Trump Jake Tapper that he did not know Jake Tapper or his affiliations Jake Tapper Trump Jake Tapper blamed his Trump a " Trump earpiece . "   Sucker punch , At a March rally in North Carolina , a white Trump supporter was charged with Trump after video captured him    a black protester a white Trump supporter Only a few weeks earlier , Trump had been criticized for Trump his supporters to " knock Trump crap out of " anybody " getting ready to throw a tomato " and vowed to pay for their legal fees should they face charges . " their the crap out of them , would you ? their . OK ? Just knock the hell     I promise you , I will pay for the legal fees . I promise , I promise , " Trump said . ’Look at Trump    over here’ While Trump was talking in June Trump the fallout from the    incident at the North Carolina rally , he mentioned how a black Trump of his punched and kicked a Trump protester at a separate rally soon after . He attempted to point out Trump much    support he had by acknowledging a Trump supporter in the crowd and saying , " Oh , look at my    over here . Look at him . " Trump hires Trump for outreach , Trump last month hired former Trump Apprentice " star Omarosa Manigault to be his outreach director to black Trump . Manigault , who had been a Democrat and supporter of Clinton and President Barack Obama , told NPR she had a    outreach Clinton .   " He had no idea , Trump he started running , how Trump young black men and women were dying in the streets of Chicago , " Manigault told NPR . " And so NPR are issues that I not only advise him on     that these Trump things that have to stop , that we have to find ways to make sure that the value of black lives in inner cities around this country is elevated . " The Central Park Five , One of Trump ’s earliest political supporters , Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions , on Thursday unearthed a nearly     controversy : the mogul ’s 1989 call to " bring back the death penalty " in light of the    " Central Park Five " case concerning the rape of a white Central Park jogger . Five Central Park Hispanic teens were falsely convicted in the crime and later exonerated , but Sessions said Trump ’s push to reinstate capital punishment in the Empire State proved he ’s long been tough on Trump’s . 
 