  ( CNN ) Donald Trump is trying to orchestrate a pivot in Donald Trump troubled campaign . Donald Trump began by shaking up Donald Trump campaign staff by bringing in Stephen Bannon , an executive from Breitbart News , to take on the top post , effectively demoting Paul Manafort , who then chose to resign . In one of the more shocking moments of his troubled campaign , Donald Trump admitted to saying the " wrong thing " at some points in Donald Trump presidential quest and said Donald Trump regretted doing so .    There is good reason for Donald Trump to attempt to change the dynamics of this his troubled campaign Right now , everything seems to be coming apart . Donald Trump is doing horribly in the polls     in swing states , in red states and in blue states . Each remark manages to alienate more voters and stirs greater doubts about his capacity to be president . The New York Times reported that he is his even struggling with his core his supporters , white men .   At this point , Democrats might be heading toward a landslide victory , capturing the White House by large margins , securing control of the Senate for the first time since 2010 and possibly , just possibly , taking over a majority of the House of Representatives ( though the odds of that remain low ) . Republicans are running scared and there is ample reason for them to Republicans this way . Pivoting to a " New Trump , " as some are calling it , wo n’t be easy . It is it easy for any candidate at this point in the campaign and it certainly wo n’t be easy for Donald Trump a "New Trump a statement and shaking up his campaign team a "New Trump which he has done a "New Trump , wo n’t be enough to do the trick . There is a reason that social scientists have pushed back against " game change " accounts of presidential campaigns . The most difficult challenge that Trump currently faces a "New Trump the overwhelming evidence from aggregate poll numbers which point to big problems for the Republican ticket . While there are always a few polls that emerge to suggest the race might be tightening , a broader look at the data suggests that Trump is consistently a "New Trump in almost every part of the country , including in very red states like Utah . My colleague at Princeton , Sam Wang , has shown how when you put all the polls together , Trump does n’t a "New Trump stand much of a chance of winning .   Right now , Clinton is running 5 . 8 percentage points above President Obama ’s standing versus 2012 GOP candidate Mitt Romney at the same point in the campaign four years ago .   Although pundits love to remind audiences of famous polling errors such as " Dewey Beats Truman " in 1948 , Wang reminds us that those moments are quite exceptional . Join us on Facebook us . Nervous Republicans must also face the fact that Trump is   the person who he is . Trump people have speculated for months that Trump would pivot Trump a mode more appealing to the wider audience of general election voters , as opposed to the conservative base of the GOP , he has continually Trump to stay that course . Occasionally he gives carefully Trump speeches using a teleprompter , but then immediately reverts to his more extreme Trump . Trump has shown Trump interest in backing away from the kind of provocative style that brought him to the Trump . His advisers have Trump been able to push him in a Trump direction and as he slips in Trump polls , his instincts seem Trump be to double down on this kind of behavior . Always the showman , Trump has little Trump incentive to back away from what has now become his brand of Trump . And an adviser such as Bannon is likely to favor the " let Trump be Trump Trump approach Trump rather than try to craft a new candidate at this late stage . In fact , he might push Trump even further Trump his provocation , Trump what Breitbart . com has specialized in . Efforts to reach out to new constituencies wo n’t be easy . In recent days , Trump has surprisingly Trump an attempt to appeal to    voters by slamming Democrats for failing to deliver on their promises to Democrats community . Democrats these kinds of speeches will do nothing to sway a part of the American electorate whose support for Trump registers a Trump low level of 1 percent .     wo n’t start turning to Trump after the Trump of statements he has made Trump the course of his campaign , Trump his slow response Trump calls to dissociate himself from white Trump supporters . Nor will the GOP as a whole easily reverse its disadvantage with the GOP as a whole voters unless it works to the GOP as a whole the damage that has been caused by the party ’s positions on key issues like voting rights , economic inequality and police violence . The fact that Trump hired an executive from the polemical Breitbart News is not evidence he moving toward a different mentality . As the summer comes to a close , we are pretty late into the election game . There are some moments in US history , such as Hubert Humphrey ’s surge in the fall of 1968 , when candidates have been able to rapidly gain ground on their opponents ( candidates course Humphrey still lost Hubert Humphrey’s election ) . But by and large those comebacks do n’t happen too often . Given the chaotic and underdeveloped state of Trump ’s campaign field operation in the swing states , it will be extremely difficult for him to achieve Trump of this sort . Of course politics can take surprising and unexpected turns , as Trump ’s nomination Trump . The three presidential debates , which begin in late September , offer an opportunity to change the direction of the race . And the possibility of some kind of crisis or data dump creates room for campaigns to shift course . Most often , however , there is no October Surprise . Fundamentally changing the direction of the campaign is going to be extremely hard for the GOP . The recent comments and new campaign staff wo n’t be enough . Republicans might conclude that they will be Republicans off focusing on the Senate and House races than placing too much hope in the idea that the man at the top of the ticket has a big trick up his sleeve . the man at the top of the ticket 