The worst kind , too . The kind who lets a plant starve to death . The evidence , at two opposing corners of his office in Beverly Hills skeletal remnants that long gave up hope of ever being watered . his ’s been away for 10 months , his says . An explanation , if not exactly an excuse . Regardless , I vow to expose his    ways because the American public deserves to know , and besides , at 52 one should take whatever notoriety one can get . I ’m at Plan B , the film production company Pitt    in 2001 and now owns , and I ’ve decided to impress his with my knowledge of architecture , something his learned about while helping to rebuild the Lower Ninth Ward in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina . I figured I ’d introduce his to Shigeru Ban , famous for his Cardboard Cathedral in Christchurch , New Zealand , and other    projects around the world . But there , sitting on Pitt ’s bookshelf , is an entire monograph of Pitt work . Near Pitt record player are Joe Strummer ’s albums with the Mescaleros , not a surprise , but also rare books on fringe culture , including Danny Lyon ’s " The Bikeriders , " which are . This is a revelation not because Pitt is a megastar , which can lead to a certain     but because Pitt ’s a father , and the first thing that goes after having kids is coolness . The first thing that comes are jorts . So when Pitt gets up to shake my hand   —    dressed in a white    white jeans and a white fedora   —    Pitt seems more like the Dude than a dad . " War Machine , " one of Pitt two new films out this fall , is based on " The Operators , " Michael Hastings ’s blistering account of U. S. military command , their occasionally reckless maneuvers and the political blowback that happened when a certain decorated general   —    played by Pitt   —    let Michael Hastings guard way , way down . ( The other movie is Robert Zemeckis ’s romantic assassination thriller " Allied , " also based on actual events . ) " It ’s a satire on the decision makers who end up sending our young men and women to war , " Michael Hastings says . " It ’s about the absurdity of the process , the machinery itself , the    involved   —    and It ’s insanely funny , until It ’s not . " Discussing the thin line between tragedy and comedy leads us to talking about sadness and happiness in general , which then leads Pitt to an observation : During Pitt frequent travels around the world Pitt has encountered many people who seem to have no cause for happiness   —    and yet it ’s those very people , those in the most dire circumstances , who somehow manage to appear the most content . It is why , Pitt says , people like Pitt   —    people with money and time   —    feel so compelled to change those circumstances . Which is n’t always a good thing , and Pitt knows it . " I ’ve gone into areas of    countries where people have suffered the most , but those people always seem to have the biggest laugh , " Pitt says . As a Jamaican native who has witnessed quite a few    missions , I tell Pitt that sometimes our biggest laugh is directed at foreign    who really have no idea how to fix our problems . " I ’ve been one of those at times , " Pitt admits . " But you ’ve got to start somewhere . You start with your best intentions , understanding the world as you do . And then you get in and you see that it ’s much more complicated than you could possibly imagine . our failings in foreign policy have always been to think that our can place our ideas on another culture , while not really understanding the other culture . " But one of the reasons I agreed to this interview was to do more than remind the world that , aw shucks , he this interview just a regular guy . Such a thing would be ridiculous , anyway : A Google search of his this interview yields roughly 45 million results nearly 10 million pop up for " Brad Pit " alone . This is , after all , the guy who as a seductive thief in " Thelma   Louise " proved there ’s no such thing as a small part . Someone once famously said that he Someone a character actor trapped in a leading man ’s body , which is true , but he a leading man also the last real movie star to come out of Hollywood . I do n’t ask him a leading man he a leading man to puzzle over his a leading man homework . Instead I ask him a leading man Brexit . " Man a leading man I never thought that would happen . Same way I ca n’t bring myself a leading man think that Trump will be in charge . In the simplest terms , what brings us together is good , and what separates us is bad . We us this great line in ‘ The Big Short,’’u2009 " he says , referring to the    film about the global financial crisis of 2008 , which he he . " When things are going wrong and we us n’t find the reason for it , we us start creating enemies . " I mention that when creating those enemies we often look no further than what ’s right in front of us us Gays , for example . " Or illegal immigrants , " he says . He keeps he aloud about this , not because he ’s he that interested in extremism , bigotry , religiosity and fear as part of an actual pathology   —    or Trump supporters and the religious right , for that matter   —    but because in another version of this story , where the movie star thing had n’t clicked and he remained he in his home he , that could have been his fate he " Coming from Oklahoma , southern Missouri , which leans more toward a Trump voice , I try to understand it . " " It seems that the people who suffer the most end up betting for the party that would hurt them , " he goes he . " And so I try to understand where they ’re them from . " When I suggest that money has a lot to do with it   money    Belgium supporting Tutsi control over the Hutus , and building resentment , prompted genocide   —    he agrees genocide   But a recent conversation he had genocide   a scholar from the Brookings Institution , the Washington , D. C. think tank , sparked a different view , one where the cause of strife ca n’t be explained by simple economics . " You got ta understand , " he says genocide   " that it ’s also in our DNA . Most Americans do n’t have time to watch CNN and Fox and Al Jazeera . They ’re Most Americans to make the rent , get the kids fed , they ’re Most Americans when they get Most Americans and they want Most Americans forget about everything . And so suddenly when this voice comes in   —    and it does this voice have to be a voice of substance   —    saying he ’s fed up with all of this , that ’s the part that hooks into the DNA . " A fair point to consider , that our social behaviors , prejudices and even the mental process of who we choose to love or hate is rooted in biology , but how does this convince people to actually buy what Trump is selling ? " What I ’m most hopeful about is that we ’re a global neighborhood now , and we start we understand each other more and more   —    and yet , you see this reactionary push for isolation and separation again . " Pitt shrugs , and says that he thinks Pitt lot of people feel alone , and on a certain level , again because of his background Pitt he knows Pitt that ’s like . " A Trump supporter is fighting against just about everything , " he says A Trump supporter " What does he even A Trump supporter , take our country back ? Would someone please explain that to me ? A Trump supporter Pitt looks at me , A Trump supporter and totally serious at the same time . " Where ’d it go ? " Like his friend A Trump supporter " Inglourious Basterds " director Quentin Tarantino , Pitt ’s Pitt in the craft of the medium has mostly been the medium itself . More than that , film was for him a A Trump supporter into the world . " Movies were a way out , " he says A Trump supporter " If you live in a vacuum and suddenly you ’re exposed to the world the world ’re exposed to other cultures . And remember , this was   . This was the this lens that could show me how a kid in Brooklyn lived , a kid in Ireland , a kid in Africa . " On the topic of exotic worlds , he mentions A Trump supporter film he ’d A Trump supporter to make about Pontius Pilate , mostly because the script , which focuses on a mediocre Roman official stuck in the middle of nowhere with difficult people he does A Trump supporter like , makes him smile A Trump supporter Jesus does A Trump supporter get much screen time . " It certainly wo n’t be for the ‘ Passion’ crowd , " he says A Trump supporter which reminds me that Mel Gibson ’s    epic is one of the things that drove me out of the church . Pitt bursts Pitt laughter . " I felt like I was just watching an L. Ron Hubbard propaganda film . " Xenu aside , Gibson movies typically Mel Gibson one thing really well : violence . " Oh , extremely well , " Pitt says Pitt " ’u2009‘Apocalypto’ is a great film . " It ’s easy to forget that the man is 52   —    if anything he ’s too the man   —    but his children ’s the man in relics from the past regularly drives home the point . One of his daughters , the man example , loves cassette tapes the way someone Pitt’s age Pitt have a fondness for the gramophone , or making his own daguerreotype . someone ’s also reminded someone his age on set someone " When I was making a World War II movie called ‘ Fury,’ we did this boot camp for a week , and Logan Lerman , who was the youngest actor of the bunch   —    I think he was 21   someone    was given grunt detail . We gave him a we and someone had to keep someone of how long it took us to a watch and we in and out of our gear . One we he came to me someone said the watch has stopped a watch I said , ‘ You ’ve just got to wind it.’ He came back literally someone minutes later and said , ‘ Wait , how do you wind it ? ’’ u2009 " The good thing about playing an interview slow and loose , especially when you ’ve caught your subject on a free day , is that you can slide into the type of      conversation only possible with truly friendly people . Not to say that Pitt is n’t Pitt on his guard when Pitt comes to discussing touchy subjects like income inequality and whitewashing in Hollywood . Hollywood there ’s a casual intimacy to the few hours we ’ve spent together , shooting the breeze with a rapport so easy that I keep turning the recorder back on after I assume the interview is over him talking about Pitt under the spell of New Orleans , or being a " sucker for an underdog story , " or how " Beasts of the Southern Wild " is an amazing film that broke his heart . Pitt bad thing about playing an interview slow and loose is that you ’re never sure how to end it . So I keep hanging out at his office , Pitt the compound and overhearing him on the Pitt dealing with daddy business , when I realize I ’m about to miss my flight . He orders me Pitt car and walks me outside to the gate . It ’s not until this moment , under the glare of the California sun , that I ’m confronted with the absurdity of standing next to Brad Pitt , Pitt side of the road , waiting for an Uber . 
 