HIGH POINT , N. C.   —    Mr. Clodfelter , professes opinions about transgender people that might get him fired if he worked for a multinational corporation , though for many here , they him simple country wisdom . " A man wants to change to Mr. Clodfelter woman , he ’s got a mental problem , " Mr. Clodfelter said on Wednesday A man lunch at Spiro ’s Family Restaurant , where posters by the door advertised classes on carrying concealed weapons and a " Hillbilly Sunday " Pentecostal church service . But Mr. Clodfelter has a different kind of problem . As a longtime Republican Mr. Clodfelter wants to support Pat McCrory , North Carolina ’s Republican governor , in Mr. Clodfelter    bid . At the same time , he is worried about the Mr. Clodfelter and lost jobs resulting from the law the Mr. Clodfelter signed in March that limits transgender bathroom access and eliminates antidiscrimination protections for gay and transgender people . If the backlash continues , Mr. Clodfelter said , he will consider voting for Mr. McCrory ’s Democratic opponent , Roy Cooper , Mr. Clodfelter supports the law ’s repeal . " I ’m afraid if they do n’t change the law " he said , " it ’ll hurt the state . " Even before the law Mr. Clodfelter into a national it about transgender rights , privacy and political correctness the law Carolina , the rare Southern state that is evenly split between liberals and conservatives , was considered to be up for grabs in the November presidential race , particularly if Donald J. Trump tops the Republican ticket . Now the law , and the backlash against it , have introduced a different kind of volatile energy to state politics here , roiling a governor ’s race that could be the nation ’s most competitive . It is also affecting other crucial contests , including that of Senator Richard Burr , who a governor’s race that could be the nation to fend off a vigorous Democratic challenge from Deborah K. Ross , a former State House member and former state director of the American Civil Liberties Union . Last week , Mr. Burr , who has defended the law , came under attack from Democrats who have leapt at the chance to transform a cultural issue into an economic one , as the state has suffered the retreat of protesting companies , including PayPal , which canceled a plan to bring more than 400 jobs to Charlotte . On Thursday , the N. B. A. commissioner , Adam Silver , said the league would move its 2017    Game from Charlotte if the law were not changed . Thus far , the league uproar may be doing Charlotte most harm to Mr. McCrory , an affable former mayor of Charlotte who has struggled , since taking office in 2013 , to maintain his reputation as Charlotte moderate in the face of a    legislature that is considerably more conservative than he is . An Elon University poll conducted from April 10 to 15 showed Mr. Cooper his the state ’s longtime attorney general , leading Mr. McCrory 48 percent to 42 percent among registered voters . It was Mr. Cooper ’s largest lead in the five polls that Elon has conducted in the last year . But November is a long way off , and social issues reverberate in complex ways in a state that has a reputation for moderation but also produced Jesse Helms , the    United States senator . Carter Wrenn , a longtime political strategist who worked with Mr. Helms , said Democrats had Mr. Wrenn Republicans would have time to make the case to voters that the law helps ensure privacy and security in public restrooms . " We ’re Mr. Wrenn sure how this is all going to turn out , " Mr. the law of late . The issue is particularly troublesome for Mr. McCrory . Exit polls from 2012 show that he received the support of 49 percent of voters who described themselves as moderate and 19 percent of    liberals . Mr. McCrory , 59 , last week Mr. McCrory barely contain his irritation that the law had taken center stage in the election , siphoning attention from his central message : that he has been a wise steward of Mr. McCrory economy who had engineered what he and his team have branded the " Carolina Comeback Mr. McCrory " This hornet ’s Mr. McCrory , he argued , was first kicked not by him , but Mr. McCrory the Mr. McCrory City Council in Charlotte , which passed a nondiscrimination ordinance in February allowing transgender Mr. McCrory to use men ’s or women ’s Mr. McCrory . Before it passed , he said , he emailed the Council to warn it that if it changed " basic restroom and locker room norms , " he would be forced to Mr. McCrory a state Mr. McCrory overriding the Democratic City Council On Thursday , it passed said he it passed that the entire matter had been orchestrated by Democrats Mr. McCrory the Human Rights Campaign , a national gay rights group , to give Democrats Mr. McCrory advantage Mr. McCrory a tight governor ’s race . The backlash , he said , has allowed for no dialogue on " a very complex issue . " Dissenters to the    position , he said , were being intimidated Mr. McCrory Mr. McCrory used the word " Orwellian " twice . " You ’ve got to be politically naïve if you think Mr. McCrory is not coordinated by a very Mr. McCrory —    a very effective   —    group , " he said . Mr. McCrory preferred to talk about the improved state of the economy since he took over from Gov. Beverly Perdue , a Democrat . She had Mr. McCrory to seek Mr. McCrory a single term in which North Carolina struggled through the recession and Mr. McCrory which she clashed over tax policy with a legislature that Mr. McCrory won full control of in 2010 . The state ’s comeback , Mr. McCrory argues , was bolstered by his Mr. McCrory to deliver $ 4 . 4 billion in tax relief , including what his campaign literature describes North Carolina one of Mr. McCrory income tax cuts in state history Mr. McCrory " " I inherited a broken government and a broken economy , " he Mr. McCrory . " So , we were the    unemployment rate in the country when I came into office : 9 . 4 percent unemployment . And we ’ve had Mr. McCrory of the biggest rebounds in the United States of America . " Unemployment in America is now 5 . 5 percent . At a cafe in Raleigh last we , Mr. Cooper , who has served as attorney general since 2001 , argued that the Carolina Comeback was a myth , saying that there had been an " overall improvement in the economy across the country . " " It ’s not a Carolina Comeback for everyday working people , " he said . " Most people are working longer , and harder , and for less money than they did before the recession . " Mr. Cooper , 58 , said his favorite North Mr. Cooper, who has served as attorney general since 2001 governor was Jim Hunt , the Democrat who served two stints in office beginning in 1977 and Most people , to many liberals here , Mr. Cooper, who has served as attorney general since 2001 struck a balance between corporate Mr. McCrory public good , especially public education . Mr. Cooper has criticized Mr. McCrory for not expanding Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act . On Thursday , he criticized the    income tax Mr. McCrory instituted in 2013 as disproportionately favoring the rich . The law on gender and Mr. McCrory Mr. Cooper said , " is a discrimination issue and an economic issue , and , particularly , Mr. McCrory have Governor McCrory trying a Mr. McCrory that blew up , and is now hurting people and our economy . " 
 Mr. McCrory Mr. McCrory 