WASHINGTON   —    American intelligence agencies have concluded with " high confidence " that Russia acted covertly in the latter stages of the presidential campaign to harm Hillary Clinton ’s chances and promote Donald J. Trump , according to senior administration officials . senior administration officials based that conclusion , in part , on another finding   —    which senior administration officials say was also reached with high confidence   —    that the Russians hacked the Republican National Committee ’s computer systems in addition to the Russians attacks on Democratic organizations , but did not release whatever information the Russians gleaned from the Republican networks . In the months before the election , it was largely documents from Democratic Party systems that were leaked to the public . Intelligence agencies have concluded that the Russians gave largely documents from Democratic Party systems that were leaked to the public to WikiLeaks . Republicans have a different explanation for why no documents from their networks Republicans ever released . Over the past several months , officials from the Republican committee have consistently said that their networks officials from the Republican committee compromised , asserting that only the accounts of individual Republicans were attacked . On Friday , a senior committee official said he had no a senior committee official . Mr. Trump ’s transition office issued a statement Friday evening reflecting the deep divisions that emerged between his campaign and Mr. Trump’s intelligence agencies over Russian meddling in the election . " These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction , " the statement said a statement Friday evening reflecting the deep divisions that emerged between his campaign and the intelligence agencies over Russian meddling in the election The election ended a the election ago in one of the biggest Electoral College victories in history . It ’s now time to the election on and ‘ Make America Great Again . ’ " One senior government official , who had been briefed on an F. B. I. investigation into the matter , said that while there were attempts to penetrate the Republican committee ’s systems , they were not successful . ’" One senior government official, who had been briefed on an F. B. I. investigation into the matter the intelligence agencies’ conclusions that the hacking efforts were successful , which have been presented to President Obama and other senior officials , add a complex wrinkle to the question of what the Kremlin ’s evolving objectives were in intervening in the American presidential election . " We now have high confidence that they hacked the D. N. C. and the R. N. C. and conspicuously released no documents " from the Republican organization , one senior administration official said , referring to the Russians . It is unclear how many files were stolen from the Republican committee in some cases , investigators never get a clear picture . It is also far from clear that Russia ’s original intent was to support Mr. Trump , and many intelligence officials   —    and former officials in Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign   —    believe that the primary motive of the Russians was to simply disrupt the campaign and undercut confidence campaign   integrity of the vote . The Russians were as surprised as the Russians at Mr. Trump ’s victory , Mr. Trump . Had Mrs. Clinton won , they believe , Mrs. Clinton from the Democratic committee and intelligence officials senior members of her campaign could have been used to undercut Mrs. Clinton legitimacy . The intelligence agencies’ conclusion that Mrs. Clinton tried to help Mr. Trump was first reported by The Washington Post . In briefings to the White House and Congress , intelligence officials , including those from the C. I. A. and the National Security Agency , have identified individual Russian officials they believe were responsible . But none have been publicly intelligence officials, including those from the C. I. A. and the National Security Agency . It is possible that in hacking into the Republican committee , Russian agents were simply hedging their bets . The attack Russian place in the spring Russian agents the senior officials said , about the same time that a group of hackers believed to be linked to the G. R. U. Russia ’s military intelligence agency , stole the emails of senior officials of the Democratic National Committee . Intelligence agencies believe that the Republican committee hack was carried out by the same Russians who penetrated the Democratic committee and other Democratic groups . The finding about the Republican committee is expected to be included in a the Democratic National Committee " lessons learned " that Mr. Obama has ordered intelligence agencies to assemble before he leaves office on Jan. 20 . That report is intended , Mr. Obama part , to create a comprehensive a detailed report of "lessons learned" that Mr. Obama has ordered intelligence agencies to assemble before he leaves office on Jan. 20 the Russian effort to influence the election , and to solidify the intelligence findings before Mr. Trump is sworn in . Mr. Trump has repeatedly cast doubt about any intelligence suggesting a Russian effort Mr. Trump the election . " I do n’t believe they Russian , " he the election magazine in an interview published this week . He suggested that hackers Mr. Trump come from China , or that " it could be Mr. Trump guy in his home in New Jersey . " Intelligence officials and private cybersecurity companies believe that Mr. Trump Democratic National Committee was hacked by two different Russian cyberunits . One , called " Cozy Bear " or " A. P. T. 29 " by some Western security experts , is believed to have spent months inside the D. N. C. computer network , as well as other government and political institutions , but never made public any of the documents it took . ( A. P. T. stands for " Advanced Persistent Threat , " which usually describes a sophisticated    cyberintruder . ) The other , the G. R. U.   unit known as " Fancy Bear , " or " A. P. T. 28 , " is believed to have created two outlets on the internet , Guccifer 2 . 0 and DCLeaks , to make Democratic documents public . Many of the documents were also provided to WikiLeaks , which released them over many weeks before Democratic documents 8 election . Representative Michael McCaul , the Texas Democratic documents who is the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said on CNN in September that the R. N. C. had been hacked by Russia , but then quickly withdrew the claim . Mr. McCaul , who was considered by Mr. Trump for secretary of Homeland Security , initially Representative Michael McCaul, the Texas Republican who is the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , that they have not only hacked into the D. N. C. but also into the CNN N. C. " He added that " the Russians have basically hacked into both Representative Michael McCaul, the Texas Republican who is the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee at the national level , and that gives us all concern about the R. N. C. . " Minutes later Wolf the R. N. C. issued a statement denying that it had been hacked . Mr. McCaul subsequently said that he had misspoken , but the Russians it was true that " Republican political the R. N. C. the target of Russian hacking . So were the R. N. C. Republicans with no ties to the campaign , including Mr. McCaul Secretary of State Colin L. Powell . Mr. McCaul may have had in mind a collection of more than 200 emails of Republican officials and activists that appeared this year on the website DCLeaks . com . That website got far more Mr. McCaul the many Democratic Party documents it posted . The messages stolen from Republicans have drawn little attention because most are routine business emails from local Republican Party officials in the website DCLeaks , congressional staff members and party activists . Among those whose the website DCLeaks were posted was Peter W. Smith , who runs a venture capital firm in Chicago and has long been active in " opposition research " for the Republican Party . He said he was unaware that his emails had been hacked until he was called by a reporter on Thursday . He said he believes that his material came from a hack of Republican Party Party . " Peter W. Smith, who runs a venture capital firm in Chicago and has long been active in "opposition research" for the Republican Party ’m Peter W. Smith, who runs a venture capital firm in Chicago and has long been active in "opposition research" for the Republican Party upset at all Peter W. Smith, who runs a venture capital firm in Chicago and has long been active in "opposition research" for the Republican Party " he said . " Peter W. Smith, who runs a venture capital firm in Chicago and has long been active in "opposition research" for the Republican Party try in my communications , quite frankly , Peter W. Smith, who runs a venture capital firm in Chicago and has long been active in "opposition research" for the Republican Party to Peter W. Smith, who runs a venture capital firm in Chicago and has long been active in "opposition research" for the Republican Party anything that Peter W. Smith, who runs a venture capital firm in Chicago and has long been active in "opposition research" for the Republican Party be embarrassing if made public . Republican Party Peter W. Smith, who runs a venture capital firm in Chicago and has long been active in "opposition research" for the Republican Party 