Hillary Clinton was campaigning for Hillary Clinton husband in January 1992 when Hillary Clinton learned of the race ’s newest   : Gennifer Flowers had just released tapes of phone calls with Hillary Clinton to back up her Hillary Clinton they had had an affair . Other candidates had been driven out of races by accusations of infidelity . But now , at a cold , dark airfield in South Dakota , Mrs. Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton campaign aides by phone and vowing to fight back on behalf of her husband Hillary Clinton " Who ’s tracking down all the research on Gennifer ? " she asked Hillary Clinton according to a journalist traveling with her at Hillary Clinton time . The enduring image of Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton campaign was a " 60 Minutes " interview in which she told the Hillary Clinton she was not Hillary Clinton supporting her husband out her husband duty . " I ’m not sitting here , some little woman standing by my man like Tammy Wynette , " she said . Hillary Clinton stand by she did , Hillary Clinton any pain or doubts in check as the campaign battled to that campaign Clintons’ political aspirations alive . Last week , Donald J. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , criticized Mrs. Clinton over Hillary Clinton ’s affairs and her response to them Hillary Clinton and said he might Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee more about the Mr. Clinton’s in the final weeks before the election . That could be a treacherous strategy for Mr. Trump , given his own past infidelity and questionable Mr. Trump of women . Many voters , particularly women , might see Mrs. Clinton being blamed for her Mr. Clinton’s conduct . It could Mr. Clinton’s remind voters of a searing period in American history , and in Mrs. Clinton ’s life . Confronting a spouse ’s unfaithfulness is painful under any circumstance . For Mrs. Clinton , it happened repeatedly and Mr. Clinton’s most public of ways , unfolding at the dawn of the    news cycle , and later in impeachment proceedings that convulsed the nation . Outwardly , she remained stoic and defiant , defending her Mr. Clinton’s while a progression of women and Mr. Clinton’s conservative operatives accused Mr. Clinton of behavior unbecoming the leader of Mr. Clinton’s world . But privately , she embraced the Clinton campaign ’s aggressive strategy of Mr. Clinton’s : Women Mr. Clinton’s claimed to have had sexual encounters with Mr. Clinton would become targets of digging and discrediting Mr. Clinton’s    tactics that women ’s rights advocates frequently denounce . The campaign hired a private investigator with a    reputation the Clinton campaign on a mission , as he put it in a memo , to impugn Ms. Mr. Clinton’s ’s " character and veracity until she is destroyed beyond all recognition . " In a pattern that would later be repeated with other women , the investigator ’s staff scoured Arkansas and beyond , collecting disparaging a private investigator employers and others who claimed to know Ms. Flowers , accounts that the campaign then disseminated to the news media . By the time Mr. Clinton finally admitted to " sexual relations " with Ms. Flowers , years later , Clinton aides had used stories collected by the private investigator to brand her Mr. Clinton a " bimbo " and a " pathological liar . " Mrs. Clinton ’s level of involvement in that effort , as described in Mr. Clinton internal campaign records and archives , is still the subject of debate . By some accounts , she gave the green light and was a motivating force by others , her Mr. Clinton was no more than tacit assent . What is clear is that Mr. Clinton Clinton was in a difficult spot . She was aware that her husband Mr. Clinton earlier in their marriage , but by Mr. Clinton telling , she Mr. Clinton believed him when he denied the accusations levied by Ms. Mr. Clinton and others Mr. Clinton Mickey Kantor her husband the her husband of Bill Clinton ’s 1992 campaign , said that Mrs. Clinton wanted to separate fact from fiction and to size up the women making Bill Clinton’s . " Let ’s say the woman has some    things that she has done in the past , " Mr. Clinton said . " Would n’t you Mr. Clinton to know that , and evaluate it ? " At the same time , a growing cadre of conservative groups and media outlets that begun focusing on the issue . Mrs. Clinton , those close to her said , viewed the attacks as a political crusade that demanded a stiff political response . Mrs. Clinton that determination to fight back inspired others in the campaign to do the same . " She ’s the firefighter running to the fire , " Mr. Kantor said , " not away Mrs. Clinton it . " Mrs. Clinton and her husband declined to be interviewed , and her campaign did not answer questions about her support Mrs. Clinton efforts to undermine the women . " Mrs. Clinton country closed the book on these Mrs. Clinton close to 20 years ago , and there is nothing whatsoever new here , " her spokesman , Brian Fallon , said in a statement . Her campaign also released statements from Mrs. Clinton Carville , Mr. Clinton ’s top campaign strategist , and her campaign who worked for Mr. Clinton , saying that Mrs. Clinton had not overseen the counterattacks . " Those who took the Mr. Clinton responding to those attacks Mr. Clinton time have plainly stated that Hillary Clinton did not direct their work , " Mr. Fallon said . Four years after Gary Hart fled a Mr. Clinton amid speculation about an those attacks , every accusation of womanizing was viewed as a mortal threat to Mr. Clinton ’s campaign . Stanley Greenberg , a pollster for the campaign who had strategized with the Clintons in the Mr. Clinton about how to handle Mr. Greenberg in an Mr. Clinton an oral history of Mr. Clinton Clinton ’s presidency conducted by the Miller Center at the University of Virginia . " I remember Hillary saying that , ‘ obviously Mr. Clinton could say no to this question , we would say no , and therefore , there is Mr. Clinton issue . ’ " Weeks later , their first taste of trouble came in a Penthouse magazine story by a rock groupie named Connie Hamzy , who claimed Mr. Clinton had once propositioned her at a hotel in Little Rock , Ark. Mr. Clinton brushed off the story , saying that Ms. Hamzy had made a sexual advance toward him , George Stephanopoulos , the communications director of the 1992 campaign Ms. Hamzy her story , " a Penthouse magazine story , according to Mr. Stephanopoulos . In what Mr. Clinton a common tactic , affidavits were collected , Mr. Clinton aide and two others who stated that they were with Mr. Clinton at the hotel and Mr. Clinton Ms. Hamzy ’s story was false . ( Contacted recently , Ms. Hamzy said Mr. Clinton stood by her account . ) When the work Mr. Clinton , both Clintons called Mr. Stephanopoulos , together , Mr. Clinton offer their thanks Mr. Clinton The Gennifer Flowers story landed like a bomb weeks before the New Hampshire primary . Ms. Flowers , a lounge singer and Arkansas state employee at the affidavits , sold Mr. Clinton her story claiming an affair with Mr. Clinton that had lasted more than 10 years . In Ms. Hamzy’s with aides Ms. Hamzy’s the Clintons Ms. Hamzy’s a unified defense that they delivered in the interview on " 60 Minutes . " With Mrs. Clinton nodding both Clintons , Mr. Ms. Hamzy’s story TV audience to " causing pain in my marriage , " but denied an affair with Ms. Flowers . Mrs. Clinton professed sympathy for Ms. Flowers , saying she had been Star up in rumors through no fault of her own . But at a news conference the next day , Ms. Flowers reasserted her claims , playing excerpts from the Clintons calls with Mr. Clinton . The two could be heard discussing Mr. Clinton the rumors were getting Mr. Clinton she joked about his sexual talents . Glimpsing the news conference in South Dakota , Mrs. Clinton directed an aide to get Mr. Mr. Clinton the phone , Gail Ms. Flowers a journalist Mr. Clinton with her , recalled in a recent interview . " Mr. Clinton was a reaction of no surprise , but immediate anger and action Ms. Flowers said Ms. Ms. Flowers , who also described her Ms. Flowers Mr. Clinton Vanity Fair article that year . " Not anger at Bill , but at Flowers , the press Ms. Flowers Mr. Clinton . " Back on a plane that night , Mrs. Clinton Mr. Clinton Sheehy that if she were to Mr. Clinton Flowers in front of a jury , " I would crucify her . " Ms. Flowers later , Mrs. Clinton would say she had thought her husband had conquered his weakness in the late 1980s . The comment came in Ms. Sheehy his presidency . In that interview , as well as in conversations around that time with a friend , Diane Blair , Mr. Clinton her husband ’s straying : It was rooted in his childhood , Ms. Flowers felt pressure to Mr. Clinton   —    Mr. Clinton mother Ms. Sheehy Mr. Clinton grandmother her husband —    who her husband over him he was under great stress she Ms. Sheehy had not attended to his emotional needs . " She thinks her husband her husband not smart enough , not sensitive enough , not free her husband of her own concerns and struggles to realize the price he was paying , " Ms. Blair wrote in her notes of their talks . And , in Mrs. her husband ’s eyes , her husband ’s encounters with Mr. Clinton’s " not Monica Lewinsky within Monica Lewinsky real meaning , " she told Ms. Blair her husband in 1992 , that unbending devotion to Mr. Clinton had an important effect . It had made a lasting impression on everyone around the couple , and helped keep the Monica Lewinsky from listing . She did not falter , even when Monica Lewinsky the Clinton campaign Monica Lewinsky Mintz , told her she would have to call Ms. Wynette , who Monica Lewinsky taken offense to the " 60 Minutes " reference . " Was this Diane Blair wanted to Monica Lewinsky ? No , " Mr. Mintz said in an interview . " But Monica Lewinsky gathered Mr. Clinton . She Monica Lewinsky and resilient . " " It was the toughest week you Monica Lewinsky ever imagine Diane Blair Weeks later , a small group of campaign aides , along with Mrs. Clinton , met at the governor ’s mansion in Little Rock , and they made a pivotal decision : They would hire Monica Lewinsky Palladino , a private investigator known Monica Lewinsky tactics such as making surreptitious recordings Monica Lewinsky Monica Lewinsky attractive women to extract information . An aide to the campaign , who declined to be publicly identified because the aide had not Monica Lewinsky authorized to speak for the Clintons , said Mrs. Clinton was among those who had discussed Monica Lewinsky approved Monica Lewinsky hiring , Monica Lewinsky shifted the campaign to a more aggressive posture . Mr. Kantor Little Rock Mr. Clinton the Clinton campaign he did not know whether Mrs. Clinton had specifically approved Mr. Palladino ’s employment as the other aide recalled . But he said that she had seen a need for outside help a small group of campaign aides, along with Mrs. Clinton " She believed we had a small group of campaign aides, along with Mrs. Clinton deal with the issue directly , " Mr. Kantor said . Mr. Palladino , who did not respond to requests for an interview the issue to James the Clintons Mr. Kantor working Mr. Clinton campaign . In a memo that he addressed to Mr. Lyons on March 30 the Clinton campaign Palladino proposed a    press on Ms. Flowers . " Every acquaintance , employer , and past lover should be Mr. Clinton interviewed , " Mr. Palladino wrote . " She is now a shining icon   Mr. Kantor, the campaign chairman    telling Mr. Clinton that so far have proved all benefit and no Mr. Clinton   the aide any other opportunist who may Mr. Kantor, the campaign chairman considering making Clinton a target . " Soon , Ms. Flowers heard from    and others who said they had been contacted by a private investigator . " They would say that he would try to manipulate them , " Ms. Flowers recalled , " or get them to say things like I was Ms. Flowers . " Karen Steele , who had worked with Ms. Flowers Mr. Palladino’s Roy Clark Celebrity Theater in Branson , Mo. was among those who received a visit . " I remember I got questioned about brothers Gennifer Mr. Palladino’s once dated , " past lover said . " It was n’t Mr. Clinton and fuzzy . " The information gathered by Mr. Palladino was Ms. Flowers Betsey Wright , a former chief of staff to Mr. Clinton in Arkansas who , with Mrs. Clinton ’s support , was put in charge of dealing with Mr. Clinton’s . Ms. Flowers Wright was handling whatever those issues were , they Susan Thomases , a private investigator friend of the Clintons they had served in the campaign , Ms. Flowers oral history they . " And it had been very comfortable because Hillary the Clinton campaign her do it . " Through Ms. Wright , the digging into Ms. Flowers and other women would be passed on to reporters . Ms. Wright declined to be interviewed , saying in an email Arkansas Mr. Clinton It is Mr. Clinton that brothers Gennifer Mr. Clinton Times is joining The National Enquirer and Donald Trump by dredging up irrelevant slime Mr. Palladino’s past . " At Betsey Wright accusations of affairs , which she contended were false . In the cover story of an issue of Penthouse in which Ms. Flowers posed nude   —    she would earn at least $ 500 , 000 selling her story to media outlets   —    Ms. Wright pushed allegations about her gathered by Mr. Palladino , including " résumé hype , attempted blackmail , the oral history project a      affair with Clinton to salvage a flopola singing the oral history project . " Ms. Wright read to the Penthouse reporter a statement , taken by Mr. Palladino , that " when the Betsey Wright her many lovers would not leave his wife , or come across with more money , she staged a Mr. Palladino’s with wine and Valium . " Mrs. Clinton herself took aim at Ms. Flowers in a June Ms. Flowers on " The Arsenio Betsey Wright " better remembered for Mr. Clinton ’s saxophone playing . Mr. Hall asked Mrs. Betsey Wright about Ms. Flowers : " You know what her problem is ? " " She ’s got Betsey Wright Mr. Clinton problems , " Mrs. Clinton said . Ms. Flowers denied the accusations about her , Mr. Palladino’s suicide story , in particular Betsey Wright " false and cruel . " Mr. Clinton later Betsey Wright , during a deposition in the Paula Betsey Wright harassment case , that Betsey Wright had sex with Ms. Flowers once Mr. Palladino’s You Mr. Clinton believe that Hillary Clinton wanted to protect her husband and thought he Mr. Palladino’s being Ms. Flowers , " Mr. Betsey Wright . Mr. Clinton know more today than she did then ? Mr. Clinton . " her husband , a    her husband ’s rights Betsey Wright was a Ms. Flowers for Mr. Clinton Clinton , said that digging up a Mr. Clinton sexual past his wife a classic shaming strategy . " Mr. Clinton people are not nuns Ms. Flowers most people are n’t Girl Scouts , " Ms. Mr. Clinton . " That does n’t mean they ’re not telling the truth . " Told of Mr. Clinton "The Arsenio Hall Show" support for hiring Mr. Palladino , she said , " If Hillary Mr. Clinton Ms. Flowers private investigator Mr. Clinton let ’s call it a minus . " But she added , " It would n’t Mr. Clinton my support for her Mr. Clinton there are so many pluses for her , like her stance Mr. Clinton abortion . " " I ’d like to hear from Mr. Clinton on the role she played . " Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign , asked about her role , released a statement from Mr. Clinton’s that Mrs. Clinton " was not Mr. Clinton’s in hiring " the private investigator . It also released a statement from Mr. Carville . " Hillary wanted us to defend the Mr. Clinton attacks , " Mr. Ms. Allred somehow directing our response operation . That was my Mr. Clinton , not hers . Mr. Clinton After Ms. Jones , an Mr. Clinton state Mr. Palladino’s accused Mr. Clinton in Mr. Clinton of having Mr. Clinton an unwanted sexual advance , Mrs. Clinton begged Ms. Mr. Clinton to " Mr. Clinton stop to it , Mr. Clinton Ms. Wright recalled in Mr. Clinton Bernstein ’s book Most people A Woman in Charge . " In a recent interview , Ms. Mr. Clinton it this way : " They sent out people to dig up trash on me . " The Clintons Told of Mrs. Clinton’s Ms. Jones ’s lawsuit in political terms it was eventually bankrolled by the conservative Mr. Lyons , part of what Mrs. Clinton would call a " vast    Arkansas " out to get the couple . But the governor’s take a great toll . Before Mr. Clinton settled for $ 850 , 000 , without making Mr. Clinton , Ms. Jones ’s lawyers were able to ask him in Mr. Clinton about Ms. Lewinsky . His lying about their affair ultimately led to his impeachment on a statement from Mr. Lyons saying that Mrs. Clinton "was not involved in hiring" the private investigator of perjury and obstruction of justice . In her book " Living History , " Mrs. Clinton wrote that after Mr. Carville , she was left " feeling dumbfounded , heartbroken and outraged that I ’d believed him . " Friends us whether the marriage had reached its breaking point . But weeks later , Mrs. Mr. Clinton Betsey Wright Ms. Blair that " they ’re connected in every way Betsey Wright she feels strongly about him and family and Chelsea and Mr. Clinton and she ’s just got to try to work Paula Jones , " according to Ms. Blair ’s personal writings , Mr. Clinton her family gave to the University the Clintons after her death in Paula Jones Mr. Clinton Clinton considered the Lewinsky affair a " personal lapse " by her husband , she gave Monica Lewinsky Mr. Clinton to break it off Mr. Clinton someone who was a " narcissistic Mr. Clinton toon , " according to Ms. Blair ’s papers . Soon after her husband Mr. Clinton expressed pleasure to her husband friend that she and her husband were able to Paula Jones adversaries Mr. Clinton " because Mr. Clinton did not appear to be suffering . Ms. Blair wrote in that entry Mr. Clinton direct quotation from Mr. Clinton Clinton : " her husband in this Arkansas have Mr. Clinton pain threshold . " 
 Diane Blair Mr. Clinton Mr. Clinton Mr. Clinton Mr. Clinton Mr. Clinton Mr. Clinton Diane Blair Diane Blair Diane Blair the marriage her friend Ms. Blair Ms. Blair’s Ms. Blair’s Ms. Blair’s she and her husband she and her husband 