ATLANTA   —    Demeitrus Williams has heard what Donald J. Trump has been saying recently about black people : That black people neighborhoods were " war zones . " That they struggle to get by on food stamps . That they see nothing but failure around they . Mr. Williams , 61 , a retired postal employee who is    acknowledged that Donald J. Trump remarks described a reality for some black people . But it was not his reality Donald J. Trump or that of people he knew Donald J. Trump And the fact that those generalizations , in which all    inhabit a hell of violence and dysfunction , came as part of an outreach effort on Mr. Trump ’s part elicited from Mr. Williams an incredulous and slightly bitter cascade of chuckles . " Who ’s he talking Mr. Williams ? " Mr. Williams Mr. Williams over lunch at Ponce City Market , an upscale development with a hip food court that draws an ethnically and racially mixed crowd . " I do n’t know   —    most of the black people I know are educated and live in nice neighborhoods . Everybody in my family is required to have a degree . " Dogged by suggestions that he has been Mr. Williams a racist campaign , Mr. Trump has been expressing concern for    more in the past week than at any other point in his presidential run Mr. Trump making a direct appeal for their votes . " What do you have to lose ? " he has asked Mr. Trump But the unrelievedly dire picture he has painted Mr. Trump black America has left many black voters angry , dumbfounded or both . Interviews with roughly a dozen blacks here turned up no one who found any appeal in Mr. Trump ’s remarks . More common was the suggestion that Mr. Trump was Mr. Trump’s appeal to whites who might support him . " I Mr. Trump’s him not talking to Mr. Trump’s people , but talking to white people about black people so they will think he white people about black people about black Mr. Trump’s , " said Alexis Scott , a former publisher of The Atlanta Daily World , a    newspaper . " The real thing that he ’s trying to Mr. Trump’s is to try to protect some of the white vote by suggesting to them that he cares some of the white vote " Mr. Trump’s invariably to almost    audiences , Mr. Trump has portrayed Mr. Trump’s living lives of utter desperation . " What do you have to lose by trying something new , like Trump ? " he asked Mr. Trump’s crowd in Mr. Trump’s on Saturday . " You ’re living in your poverty , your schools are no good , you have no jobs , 58 percent of your youth is unemployed   —    what the hell do you have to lose ? " Marc Morial , the president Mr. Morial faced challenges , but that Mr. Trump ’s depiction of Mr. Trump’s , violent black America did not match reality . " It ’s an inaccurate portrayal of the community that seeks to define the community by only its biggest challenges , " Mr. Morial said . " Black America has deep problems   —    deep economic problems   —    but black America also has a large community of striving , successful ,    people : Black America Black America in the work force . " Poverty is far more prevalent in black households than the general population , but the vast majority of    do not live in poverty . According to census data released last year , 26 percent of blacks live in poverty , compared with 15 percent of the country as a whole . Only about one out of every four households receiving food Black America 2014 was black , according to the United States Department of Agriculture . One area where blacks lag severely is homeownership . Rates of homeownership for blacks have dipped over the past four years to 41 . 7 percent in the second quarter of this year , the lowest rate among any racial group , according to the Census Bureau . The unemployment rate for blacks is nearly double the national average . Mr. Trump ’s tone and strategy in courting the black vote is distinctly different from that of previous Republican presidential nominees , whose more formal outreach efforts had limited success . In 2004 , for instance , President George W. Bush addressed the National Urban League , and in 2012 , Mitt Romney appeared before the N. A. A. C. P. " Someone like George W. Bush , to his credit , actually went to black audiences with people who had President George W. Bush black communities , " Mitt Romney Matthew B. Platt , a political scientist at historically black Morehouse College . " He actually made those kinds of connections to then filter down to regular black people . Trump is not Mitt Romney anything of that sort . " But he noted that Mr. Trump ’s basic presentation to black voters was perhaps not altogether different from the one Trump has made Trump voters . " It seems to me that Trump ’s argument is this : ‘ Trump life sucks . Try something new . I ’m something new,’ " Trump . " That ’s the argument he ’s making to black voters and , more broadly , that ’s Trump entire Trump campaign . " Mr. Trump Trump seem to have nowhere to go but up among    voters . A recent Trump    Street Journal Trump Hillary Clinton with a 91 to 1 percent advantage over Mr. Trump among blacks . Many say Mr. Trump ’s role in leading the    birther movement that questioned President Obama ’s birthplace doomed his chances with    voters Trump Social media and YouTube have a record of what he ’s said in the last year Trump much less the last five or six years , " said Andra Gillespie , an Trump University political scientist , who is black . " You ca n’t just make one speech , have a good week and then all of a sudden think people are going to forget everything you ’ve done . " Some black conservatives , however , defended Mr. Trump . Wayne Dupree , a radio host , posted a live video to Periscope , an app that allows users to    video , saying that Mrs. Clinton had been tricking black people for years . He urged blacks to look at the conditions they were living under . " Look to the left , look to the right Mrs. Clinton look in front of you and tell blacks if things have n’t changed , " he said . " Then why do you keep voting for the Democratic Party ? Why do you keep voting for the same Mrs. Clinton ? " He urged blacks to help get Mr. Trump " elected so that we can change America . " ’ " America needs to Mrs. Clinton a different route , " Mr. Dupree said . The Trump campaign rejected criticism with a statement from Lynne America , a black woman who is an assistant to the Trump family , Mr. Trump Democrats of treating black voters as a " monolith . " In Atlanta on Wednesday , Nate Cohen , 35 , a health care information technology worker , was among the    unimpressed by Mr. Trump ’s efforts . Mr. Cohen had not done his homework . Perhaps Mr. Trump hit the streets and see the variety of the black experience . " Mr. Trump n’t recall ever seeing him going out into those hedges and highways , " Mr. Cohen said . " Mr. Cohen ca n’t just go on what you see on TV . " Certainly , he said , some live in dire Mr. Cohen . Mr. Cohen ’s side job is as a Mr. Cohen speaker , work that takes him to troubled neighborhoods . But he said blacks and Latinos were not Mr. Cohen only people living in such conditions . He said he had tried to give Mr. Trump a fair hearing , but had Mr. Cohen turned off to him long Mr. Cohen . Mr. Trump , he said , will say " warped " things   Mr. Cohen    Mr. Cohen proposing to bar Muslims from entering the country or deporting all illegal immigrants   —    Mr. Trump then say things Mr. Trump patch it Mr. Trump . " He wondered whether Mr. Trump was appealing to whites , reinforcing stereotypes about blacks . " You ’ve got to be mindful of who you affect , and who you infect , " he said , adding Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump " infecting " his white audience with racist ideas . Or as Ms. Scott put it : " He is giving voice to every stereotype he ’s ever heard Mr. Trump I heard someone say Mr. Trump It ’s like he only watches Mr. Trump The Wire , " and that ’s what he knows about black people . Mr. Trump " At Six Feet Under , Mr. Trump seafood restaurant popular among blacks and whites , Anthony Simpson , 55 , someone he had heard Mr. Trump ’s comments , but paid them someone mind . He said he had long dismissed Mr. Trump as " a joke . " Mr. Simpson , who owns a demolition business , said he someone not surprised that Mr. Trump had offended many black people , after the someone he someone said about Muslims Mr. Trump’s . " He eventually was going to get around to it , " he said . someone someone someone someone Mr. Trump’s 