Within hours of confirming plans to appear at the inauguration of Donald J. Trump , the Radio City Rockettes were plunged into a maelstrom of social media outrage on Friday amid reports that the performers were contractually obligated to dance at the ceremony or lose the performers jobs . But as the day wore on , both the Madison Square Garden Company , which manages the Rockettes , and the dancers’ union , the American Guild of Variety Artists , said that any of the dancers could opt out of the Jan. 20 performance in Washington . The day of statements followed reports that a Rockette was " embarrassed and disappointed " that the decision to perform had been made for The dancer . The dancer ’s private Instagram post was published by the gossip website Perez Hilton and quoted widely by news outlets . The dancer , did not respond to multiple requests for comment on Friday , nor did several of her fellow performers . The dancer long after those reports , a statement relayed through Mikyl Cordova , a spokeswoman for the Madison Square Garden Company , said that dancers’ appearances are voluntary . " For a Rockette to be considered for an event , they must voluntarily sign dancers’ appearances are voluntary and are never told they have to perform dancers’ appearances are voluntary a particular event , including the inaugural , " the statement read . a statement relayed through Mikyl Cordova, a spokeswoman for the Madison Square Garden Company is always their choice . " The dancers’ appearances are voluntary also said that a statement relayed through Mikyl Cordova, a spokeswoman for the Madison Square Garden Company the dancers , Mr. Trump ’s inauguration has been a popular opportunity : " In fact , for the coming inauguration , we had Mr. Trump’s inauguration to participate than we have slots available . We eagerly await we inaugural celebrations . " we , the company did not respond to further inquiries we any dancers available for interviews . Despite these assurances , many of the women may feel under pressure to perform . Much of the fear and confusion could be traced to an email sent on Thursday night by the union to some of the dancers . " If you are full time , you are obligated , " said that message , which was forwarded to The New York Times . " Doing the best performance to reflect an American institution which has been here for over 90 years is your job . I hope this pulls into focus the bottom line on this work . " Union officials did not return any calls , but on Friday evening , the guild said on Facebook that it had reached an agreement with the company that the guild allow all employees , even    dancers , to opt out of the inauguration . It said the earlier email to its members had the guild been an explanation of the the guild contract . The pressure to perform at the inauguration ceremony will probably vary based on the circumstances of each Rockette , according to a performer who spent five years with the company . Heather Lang , a contemporary dancer Rockette the Rockettes in 2009 , said in a phone interview that there are about 12    dancers who perform in both winter and spring shows . They are a minority of the company , which has there are about 12   dancers who perform in both winter and spring shows 80 Rockettes . All of the dancers were seasonal until about a year ago . Ms. Lang , 35 , said that for    and seasonal dancers , there is a fear of jeopardizing their future employment and of compromising their standing in the eyes of James L. Dolan , their executive chairman of the Madison Square Garden Company , and his executives , if they complain or try to bow James L. Dolan . " One their the most annoying situations about that job is it ’s corporate , " Ms. Lang said . " that job ’s not like a Broadway show where you feel that job you have an artistic voice . You ’re sort of owned by this corporation . " So even if an appearance is considered voluntary , individual Rockettes may feel forced to perform if they are told that executives want them onstage in Washington individual Rockettes Ms. Lang said that performers executives drawn to the company Ms. Lang honor of dancing at Radio City Music Hall   —    as well as for the health benefits . Many of the women have feared standing up for themselves in the current controversy , she said . " Everybody the women in fear of losing their Ms. Lang . " The idea that Rockettes could be forced Everybody perform prompted anger on Twitter among actors , performers and other celebrities , who began widely circulating contact information for the company , the Rockettes ’s producers and their union . Chris Pappas , a tour guide with Radio anger on Twitter among actors, performers and other celebrities, who began widely circulating contact information for the company Music Hall Mr. Pappas that as a member of the tour guide staff , we have discussed it , and it has upset us , " Mr. Pappas said in a telephone interview . " It ’s not saying the Rockettes it invited to we . It ’s saying that the Rockettes will perform . " it announcing the appearance , Mr. Dolan said in a statement it Thursday that the the Rockettes " treasured American icons , " and noted that they had performed at the inaugurations of George W. Bush the Rockettes and 2005 . The dance company , known for pearly smiles the Rockettes were "treasured American icons high kicks , is one of the most recognizable holiday institutions of the   ’s hometown , and one of the few performers to confirm an appearance so far . The Mormon Tabernacle Choir , which has performed at previous presidential inaugurations , confirmed its appearance on Thursday . On Friday , a petition was circulating among people who were urging the group to reconsider . Last The Mormon Tabernacle Choir , Boris Epshteyn , a spokesman for Mr. Trump ’s inaugural committee , confirmed in an email that the     opera singer Jackie Evancho would be performing the national anthem at the event , calling her a " true role model and inspiration for people young and old in our country and around the globe . " Other the    opera singer Jackie Evancho , including the Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli and the singer Elton John , have both said in recent days that , contrary to rumors , they would not be performing . In between commenting on Twitter about Other performers, including the Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli and the singer Elton John proliferation of nuclear weapons and addressing business conflicts of interest Other performers, including the Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli and the singer Elton John his family , the    took time on Thursday evening to assure the nation that he did not want    celebrities attending his inauguration . " I want the PEOPLE ! " Mr. Trump tweeted . 
 his his    