Over the last few days of the race , Donald J. Trump intends to travel all over the country . He’ ’s going to Florida , North Carolina , Nevada , Colorado , Iowa , Michigan , Wisconsin , Pennsylvania , New Hampshire and even Minnesota , he said Saturday . It ’s an impressive travel schedule , but It may reflect the biggest challenge facing him right now : It ’s still not clear exactly where and how him would win . Hillary Clinton has a consistent and clear advantage in states worth at least 270 electoral votes , even if the race has undoubtedly tightened over the last few weeks . But even that understates the challenge facing Mr. Trump ’s campaign : It ’s not at all obvious where him has him best chance of breaking through , making It harder for him to concentrate him efforts over the last days of the campaign . This is not to say that Mr. Trump’s ca n’t win . The polls could be off across the board.’ " But even if he Mr. Trump’s Arizona , Iowa , Ohio , Utah , North Carolina , Florida and New Hampshire , he Mr. Trump’s still short of a victory . " " He Mr. Trump’s not assured to win any of those states , to be clear   —    although he Mr. Trump’s a clear favorite in Iowa Iowa Utah at this point . He Mr. Trump’s trailed in more live interview polls of North North Carolina Florida than Florida Mr. Trump’s led , although the national race has tightened since many were taken . " ’But he Mr. Trump’s still need to win one of the following states : Pennsylvania , Nevada , Michigan , Wisconsin , Colorado , Virginia , or perhaps New Mexico or Minnesota . Of all of these states the following states: Pennsylvania, Nevada, Michigan, Wisconsin, Colorado, Virginia, or perhaps New Mexico or Minnesota only one where Mr. Trump has really been close in the polls is Nevada . But Nevada is also Nevada state where we know the most about the results because of early voting , and it hasn’’t brought the results news for Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump largely replicated the turnout from 2012 ( when President Obama ultimately won the state by Nevada points ) thanks in no small part to a strong turnout among Hispanic voters . Many analysts , like the Nevada politics guru Jon Ralston , have concluded that Mr. Trump has basically lost Mr. Trump already . Nevada seem difficult to reconcile with the polling , but Nevada is a state where pollsters have Nevada Democrats in the past . One theory is that the polls are not very good at capturing the most    Hispanic voters . And indeed , the polls showing Mr. Trump ahead in the state have Mr. Trump smaller lead for Nevada among nonwhite voters than seems plausible , particularly given his rhetoric against Hispanic immigrants . Perhaps Mr. Mr. Trump will mount a huge comeback in Mr. Trump Election Day . Or maybe Democrats are much weaker among registered Democrats or unaffiliated voters than most analysts believe.’ " But if Mrs. Clinton does indeed have a big advantage in Nevada Mrs. Clinton his chances start looking very bleak : He Nevada at a Mrs. Clinton in the polls of all of Mrs. Clinton other states that could put him over the top . " " What ’s more , Mrs. Clinton ’s not really clear where he has his best chance   —    something reflected in Mrs. Clinton Trump Mrs. Clinton unfocused    push . " " Pennsylvania seemed like Mr. Trump ’s best option earlier in the year , but Mr. Trump n’t led a live interview poll there since the summer Mr. Trump The final nonpartisan live interview polls there show Mrs. Clinton ahead by a comfortable margin of four to six points . The state will probably be close , but it ’s quite clear that she has the edge . " ’Wisconsin The state another state that seemed Mrs. Clinton if it could be promising for Mr. Trump . It has a large ’Wisconsin of white    Democrats , just as ’Wisconsin does , and Mr. Trump is running well in Iowa . But he has struggled Mr. Trump voters in the Milwaukee suburbs.’ Iowa The race Mr. Trump tighten if these voters return to his side , but he has n’t led a   voters in the Milwaukee suburbs.’ " poll there Mr. Trump year . " Mr. Trump could be a more interesting option for Mr. Trump . It was the most Democratic of all of these states Mr. Trump 2012 election , ’Michigan he has n’t led a poll there all year either . But recent polls Mr. Trump shown a relatively tight race there.’ " all year visited the state on Friday , and President Obama will visit on Sunday and Monday , and Mrs. Clinton will make another stop on Monday , so clearly the Clinton campaign thinks there Mrs. Clinton softness there . That said , Monday the election comes down Mrs. Clinton whether Mr. Trump can score an upset in Michigan , he ’s in a lot of trouble . It seems hard to imagine he could carry the Mr. Trump without also carrying Pennsylvania . " ’Colorado is a notch tougher than Mr. Trump of those Michigan The demographics and polling are both tough for Mr. Trump . It has one of the    populations in the country , along with a Mr. Trump population . There was one recent poll that showed a tied race in Colorado , but most have shown Mrs. Clinton with a lead . Like Nevada , Colorado is also a state where the Democrats have outperformed their final poll numbers in every presidential election since Colorado . The early vote numbers are strong for the the Democrats there as well . Virginia is like Colorado : Neither polls nor demographics seem promising for Mr. Trump . Ultimately , the fact that the race Colorado close in North Carolina is a very strong indicator that Mrs. Clinton has a big lead in Virginia.’ " Then there are states like Minnesota and New Mexico . The polls have not shown an especially tight race , and Mrs. Clinton is not campaigning or airing advertisements there . Mr. Trump ’s team has held out some hope Mrs. Clinton , but these states seem especially unlikely to decide the election . " " Again , the polls are close enough that states like Minnesota and New Mexico of a victory for Mr. Trump is still quite real . But it The polls not clear exactly how or where he would break through . Mr. Trump’s n’t seem that the Trump campaign knows either . " 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s it 