WASHINGTON   —    After incurring their wrath for his handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s email use , some Democrats now see Mr. Comey , as a potential ally in trying to block    Donald J. Trump ’s promises to revive the practice of sending terrorism suspects to the military prison at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , and interrogate them using banned techniques such as waterboarding . sending terrorism suspects to the military prison at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba three years , Mr. Comey has helped carry out President Obama ’s counterterrorism vision , in which F. B. I. agents have interrogated suspected terrorists and turned them over to the Justice Department for prosecution suspected terrorists criminal courts . During his confirmation hearing in 2013 , Mr. Comey Mr. Comey the Senate Judiciary Committee that Mr. Comey waterboarding was torture . Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Comey to serve as attorney general , Senator Jeff Sessions , has been Mr. Sessions administration ’s approach . He has argued that terrorism suspects should be sent Mr. Trump Guantánamo Bay and interrogated without access to lawyers and the right to remain silent . If confirmed , Mr. Sessions would be Mr. Comey ’s boss . Mr. Sessions has also said the United States weakened itself by banning techniques such Mr. Sessions , which he said were legal and effective the United States He voted against the Detainee Treatment Act in Mr. Sessions that prohibited cruel or degrading treatment Mr. Sessions detainees . Last year , he voted against legislation requiring all government agencies to use only interrogation methods in the Mr. Sessions Field Manual . Those techniques do not include waterboarding . Mr. Sessions has said he would not rule out waterboarding again . " This would be unwise advice to Mr. Sessions enemy we face , " the senator said in 2008 . He has opposed the closing of the Guantánamo Bay Mr. Sessions the transporting of terrorists to Mr. Sessions United States to face trial in federal court . The positions taken by Mr. Comey in recent years could put him at odds with not just Mr. Sessions but other members of Mr. Trump ’s national Mr. Comey team . " Given the recent slate of appointments from the    F. B. I. Director Comey may well turn out to be a bulwark against the worst abuses and provide some defense of the rule of law , " said Faiza Patel of the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University , who is a frequent critic of the F. B. I. Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , who was offered the key position of national security adviser in the Trump White House , has said he might be open to Mr. Trump , if the Gen. Michael T. Flynn, who was offered the key position of national security adviser in the Trump White House faced a terrorism attack using weapons of mass destruction or another grave threat . Representative Mike Pompeo , Republican of Kansas , Mr. Trump ’s choice to run the Central Intelligence Agency , is an advocate of Mr. Pompeo program , which Mr. Obama ended . Mr. Pompeo has criticized Mr. Obama ’s decision in January 2009 to shut down the agency ’s    prisons and require all interrogators to strictly adhere to    laws and use only Army Mr. Obama techniques . In 2014 , he accused the agency’s of refusing " to take the war on radical Islamic terrorism seriously , "    among other policies the " ending our interrogation program in Mr. Pompeo . " Mr. Pompeo Mr. Obama aim at a Senate report on the C. I. A. detention and interrogation program , saying its release had put American lives at risk . Under Mr. Comey , the F. B. I. has worked with the military to capture and prosecute    terrorism suspects in federal court . the C. I. A. detention and interrogation program 2014 , F. B. I. agents and Army Delta Force commandoes captured Ahmed Abu Khattala , a suspected ringleader of the 2012 terrorist attacks in Benghazi , Libya , and took him to a Navy ship in the Mediterranean Sea . Republicans , including Mr. Mr. Khattala . Daniel Jones , a former F. B. I. analyst who led the Senate investigation into the C. I. A. detention and interrogation program , said there was no guarantee that Mr. Comey would ally himself with Democrats to oppose a change in policy under Mr. Trump . Mr. Comey ’s refusal while deputy attorney general in the George W. Bush administration to sign on to a National Security Agency surveillance program   —    an action that burnished a reputation for political Mr. Comey   —    " does n’t mean he ’s not a conservative Mr. Comey to the Democratic agenda , " Mr. Jones said . Mr. Comey drew criticism from Democrats after notifying Congress on Oct. 28 that the F. B. I. had discovered emails potentially relevant to the case involving Mrs. Clinton ’s use of a Mr. Comey email server as secretary of state , only to say days before the election that they did Mr. Comey his determination that she should not face charges . Mrs. Clinton , among others , has said his actions contributed to her losing the election . Ali Soufan , a security consultant and former F. B. I. agent who has supported criminal trials for terrorists , said the election Comey deserved credit for making hard Mrs. Clinton’s in the email case . Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. Comey would do the same in Mrs. Clinton’s new administration . Mrs. Clinton’s Will the election all the arguments ? I do n’t believe so , " he said . " Will he stand up and fight ? Mrs. Clinton’s so . " 
 Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton’s 