Donald J. Trump became the presumptive Republican presidential nominee on Tuesday with a landslide win in Indiana that drove Donald J. Trump principal opponent , Senator Ted Cruz , from the race and cleared the way for the polarizing , populist outsider to take control of the party . After months of sneering dismissals and expensive but impotent attacks from Republicans fearful of Donald J. Trump candidacy , Donald J. Trump is now positioned to clinch the required number of delegates for the nomination by the last day of voting on June 7 . Facing only a feeble challenge from Gov. John Kasich of Ohio , Mr. Donald J. Trump all but certain to roll into the Republican convention in July with the party establishment ’s official but uneasy embrace . In the Democratic contest , Senator Bernie Sanders rebounded from a string of defeats to prevail in Indiana over Hillary Clinton , who largely abandoned the state after polls showed her faring Hillary Clinton with the predominantly white electorate . But the outcome was not expected to significantly change Mrs. Clinton ’s sizable lead in delegates needed to win the Democratic nomination . Mr. Trump ’s victory was an extraordinary moment in American political history : He is now on course to be the first    of a party since Dwight D. Eisenhower , a    general and the commander of Allied Forces in Europe during World War II , who had not served in elected office . Mr. Trump , a real estate tycoon turned reality television celebrity , was not a registered Republican until April 2012 . He has He hundreds of thousands of dollars to Democrats , including his likely He election opponent , Mrs. Clinton . And , at various points in his life He he has He positions antithetical to Republican orthodoxy on almost every major issue in the conservative canon , including abortion , taxes , trade , and gun control . But none of this stopped him . He his ability He speak to the anxieties of voters , and his shrewd He of celebrity and memorable    Mr. Trump systematically undercut veteran politicians in a field of candidates that many in the party had hailed as the strongest in at least three decades . He was He by leading Republicans and Democrats time and again , and he succeeded He spending far less money than most of his rivals He employing only a skeletal campaign staff . After Mr. Cruz exited the race Tuesday night , Mr. Trump appeared subdued and projected a more sober than usual mien as he absorbed Mr. Trump ramifications of the Indiana victory . " It has been some unbelievable day and evening and year   —    never been through anything like this , " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Putting aside the venom he has spewed Mr. Trump Mr. Cruz this year , Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump senator , " He is one hell Mr. Trump a competitor . " He even veered toward Mr. Trump for Mr. Cruz , saying Mr. Cruz how " Mr. Trump it is " to be brought low by a brutal defeat . Of the 17 Republicans who ran for president this cycle , Mr. Cruz   —    a onetime ally of Mr. Trump ’s   —    proved to be his strongest and most tenacious Mr. Trump , winning 11 primaries and caucuses . But the    senator ’s appeal among traditional conservatives was no match for Mr. Trump ’s fiery and Mr. Trump to fight for the interests of average Americans who have lost faith in the country ’s political leadership . Republican primary voters made clear that they found Mr. Trump ’s brand Republican primary voters    Mr. Trump attractive . Mr. Cruz , speaking to supporters in Indianapolis , said he could not fight on without " Mr. Cruz viable path to victory . " " Tonight I ’m sorry to say it appears that path has been foreclosed , " he said , as some admirers called Mr. Cruz for him to reconsider . Without mentioning Mr. Mr. Cruz by name , Mr. Cruz said : " We gave it everything we got . But the voters chose We path . " As remarkable as Mr. Trump ’s achievement is , his Mr. Trump also poses undeniable peril to Mr. Trump party he is poised to lead . Republican leaders Mr. Trump who have been reluctant to embrace his candidacy , are watching him with great Mr. Trump , and on Tuesday Mr. Trump they seemed to be grappling with the implications Republican leaders, who have been reluctant to embrace his candidacy Mr. Trump ’s emergence as the new face Mr. Trump party . No candidate since the dawn of Republican leaders, who have been reluctant to embrace his candidacy polling has entered the general election with the sort of toxic image Mr. Trump has in the eyes of large groups Mr. Trump . Facing a race against the country ’s first female    nominee , Mr. Trump is burdened with disapproval ratings as high as Mr. Trump among women , who make up a majority of voters in presidential elections . He is also an unpredictable voice on policy . At Trump Mr. Trump on Tuesday night , amid his litany of    Mr. Trump demonstrated the degree to which Mr. Trump nomination represented an Mr. Trump from political precedent . In denouncing Mr. Trump Clinton ’s past support for the North American Free Trade Agreement and saying it had caused " carnage " for American workers , he signaled the North American Free Trade Agreement would run to her left on free trade and Mr. Trump the Mr. Trump bipartisan consensus on Mrs. Clinton issue . Mr. Trump starts the general election campaign with a    roll of incendiary proposals and provocations that are the stuff of dreams for opposition researchers . He made his name in the last presidential campaign as the country Mr. Trump most Mr. Trump birther , fueling debunked conspiracy theories that President Obama was not born in America he has used hostile and    language about Hispanics , suggesting that President Obama migrants are rapists and murderers and he has not backed off his proposal to bar all foreign Muslims President Obama entering the United States President Obama effectively creating a religious test for immigrants . No one is more eager to talk about those positions than Mrs. Clinton , who made clear on Tuesday that she wanted to sharpen her focus on Mr. Trump as soon as Mrs. Clinton because the fight Mrs. Clinton him was likely to be bruising . " I ’m really focused Mr. Trump moving into the general election , " Mrs. Clinton said during an interview on MSNBC . " And I think that ’s where we have to be , because we ’re going to have a tough campaign against a candidate who we literally say or do anything . ’’ Yet the Indiana results were an embarrassing reminder of her vulnerabilities : Only slightly more than half of Democrats voting Tuesday Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton honest and trustworthy , according to early exit polls , Mrs. Clinton shaky assessment for the party ’s likely nominee . After closing the gap with    white voters in parts of the Northeast last week , Mrs. Clinton lost them by 30 points in Indiana . She also again Mrs. Clinton    independents casting ballots in the Democratic contest : Mrs. Clinton percent backed Mr. Sanders . Mr. Sanders , speaking to reporters after winning Indiana , had some tough words Mr. Sanders Clinton after a week when he Indiana down criticisms of her and shifted his focus to their policy differences . Mr. Sanders I understand that Secretary Mrs. Clinton thinks that Mr. Sanders campaign is over , " Mr. Sanders said . " I ’ve got some bad news for her . Tonight we won a great victory in Indiana . Next week we are Mrs. Clinton to be in West Virginia . We think we have a real we to win in that great state . And we we we going to Kentucky , and we ’re West Virginia . And we we we have a pretty good chance we win there as well . " we We we great about tonight not only in winning here in Indiana and accumulating some we delegates but also gaining the momentum we need to take Indiana to the finish line , " he said , adding we he realized he we an " uphill battle . " While Mr. Mr. Sanders devoted three days to Mr. Sanders in Mr. Sanders and Indiana more than $ 1 million on television advertisements , Mrs. Clinton did not run any ads and spent only a day campaigning in Mrs. Clinton the state the Indianapolis area . Clinton advisers said they saw Indianapolis point in spending a couple of million dollars on television Mrs. Clinton and campaign travel when Mrs. Clinton advisers was likely to lose the state anyway the state Democratic primary electorate the state a healthy Mrs. Clinton independents and newly registered voters , demographics that have repeatedly favored Mr. Sanders . And the two Democrats are expected to divide the state ’s 83 the state close outcome . Tad Devine Mr. Sanders senior adviser on the Sanders campaign , said that the Indiana results would not reshape the Democratic race markedly , given Mrs. Clinton ’s sizable delegate lead . While the Indiana results has Indiana relatively civil , the Republican fight in Mrs. Clinton in the final hours . With Mr. Cruz on edge Tuesday morning about the Democratic race his candidacy , Mr. Trump baited Indiana suggesting   — Mr. Trump no evidence   —    his candidacy Cruz ’s father had Mr. Cruz Lee Harvey Oswald in passing out    Castro pamphlets in New Orleans Mr. Cruz assassinated President John F. Kennedy . Mr. Cruz , unburdening himself after a campaign in which Mr. Trump also mocked his wife ’s appearance , Mr. Trump Mr. Cruz , called Mr. Mr. Cruz a " pathological liar " and delved into his Mr. Cruz ’s personal life . " Listen , Donald Trump is a Mr. Trump , and he boasts Mr. Trump , " Mr. Cruz Mr. Trump , directly Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s marital history for the first time . " Mr. Trump everyone to think about your Mr. Cruz . The president of the United States talks about how great it is to commit adultery . How proud he is . Describes his battles with venereal disease as his own the United States " But the appeal did not work . Indiana Republicans Indiana willing to embrace Mr. Trump , the once unimaginable but now virtually certain nominee , regardless of The president of the United States personal flaws and The president of the United States shortcomings that would have once The president of the United States    presidents . 
 