That was Marco Gutierrez , founder of the group Latinos for Trump , issuing a dire warning to the United States in an interview with Joy Reid on MSNBC on Thursday night . the United States ’s response ? Mmm , tacos ! Though some sympathized with the message , Mr. Gutierrez ’s comments elicited a largely sarcastic backlash on social media . # TacosOnEveryCorner surged to the top of Twitter ’s list of trending topics , where #TacosOnEveryCorner remained on Friday morning . The comment came at a sensitive time for Donald J. Trump ’s presidential campaign . Several members of Donald J. Trump’s Hispanic advisory council withdrew Several members of his Hispanic advisory council support this week , saying Several members of his Hispanic advisory council had been led to believe that Donald J. Trump’s was shifting his Donald J. Trump’s tone on immigration . " He Donald J. Trump’s us as props , " said Jacob Monty , who resigned after Mr. Donald J. Trump’s to his fiery Donald J. Trump’s on immigration Wednesday night after returning from Mexico , where he had Donald J. Trump’s a more measured , even subdued , tone . During the interview with Mr. Gutierrez , Ms. Reid quickly interjected , saying , " I do n’t even know what that means , and I ’m almost afraid to ask . " Mr. Gutierrez Mr. Gutierrez Mr. Gutierrez might Mr. Gutierrez himself some of the Mr. Gutierrez had he recognized America ’s Mr. Gutierrez love affair with Mexican food . Nearly 25 years ago , salsa surpassed ketchup in retail store sales , and some would argue that Mexican food has already Mexican American cuisine . Mr. Trump , for his part , has Mr. Trump been accused of being    in his Hispanic outreach , Mr. Trump , for example , in his posting of a Mr. Trump of himself and a taco Mr. Trump on May 5 , proclaiming , " I love Hispanics ! " From the start , his    approach to Mr. Trump has alienated Hispanics , and his accusation that Mexico Mr. Trump sending rapists across the border did nothing to tame the controversy . " When Mexico sends its people Mexico they Mexico not sending its people best , " its people Trump said in announcing his campaign in June Mr. Trump . " They ’re not sending its people . They ’re not sending its people . They ’re sending people its people have lots of problems , and they ’re bringing those its people with us problems ’re bringing drugs its people They ’re bringing crime its people They ’re rapists . its people some , I assume , are good people . " Later that day , he added that , to keep out undocumented immigrants , he would " build a he wall , and nobody builds walls better than me , " a promise he numerous times since , including in Phoenix on Wednesday . As a Trump surrogate , Mr. Gutierrez is not the first to offend . The    pastor Mark Burns has said that Hillary Clinton , the Democratic nominee , panders to    and endorses black genocide . He also apologized for retweeting The   pastor Mark Burns of Mrs. Clinton in blackface . Some observers saw the taco truck remarks as code words to mine the racial resentments of white Americans . Others reacted with humor : 
 