Good morning . Here ’s what you need to know : • Israel said   Israel would move ahead with thousands of new homes in East Jerusalem , undeterred by the United Nations Security Council ’s vote last week to condemn Israel settlement construction . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who has curbed diplomatic contacts with the United Nations Security Council’s countries , said " we do not turn the other cheek . " The Israeli right is pushing Mr. Netanyahu to abandon the idea of a Palestinian state alongside Israel . _ _ _ _ _ • Russia is cultivating an array of    extremist groups across Europe in an effort to destabilize or simply disorient the European Union . Reaching out to fringe elements costs little and sometimes pays off , as it Russia in Hungary , where the    group Jobbik is now the Russia leading opposition party . _ _ _ _ _ • Battlefield losses have not diminished the Islamic State ’s power to inspire mayhem around the world , as the attack on a Christmas market in Berlin made clear last week . Our reporter went on an Air Force jet that hunts for Islamic State targets in Syria . _ _ _ _ _ • We also visited Diyarbakir , the informal Kurdish capital in Turkey , where resentment against the state Turkey fighting this year and recent moves to curb Kurdish power . Asylum applications from Turkey in Germany Turkey this year , this year Recep Tayyip Erdogan ’s crackdown continues after a failed coup in July . On Sunday , a judge ordered the arrest of a cafeteria manager for saying he would not serve a judge to the president . _ President Recep Tayyip Erdogan _ _ • With pressure mounting over his possible conflicts of interest a judge    Donald J. Trump has said that he is formulating plans to   Donald J. Trump himself from his family ’s   Donald J. Trump .   Donald J. Trump an examination of the company shows what a complex task that would be . President Obama said he would President Recep Tayyip Erdogan Mr. Trump President Recep Tayyip Erdogan he run for   Donald J. Trump term President Recep Tayyip Erdogan which the Constitution does not permit ) . " NO WAY ! " the    responded on Twitter . _ _ _ _ _ • " I do n’t want to be another cliché . " The death of the pop superstar George Michael stunned both fans and the many people who knew him in England , where he spent George Michael of his life . George Michael Michael " sang George Michael wanting to George Michael often enough to make you wonder whether he thought any freedom was ever attainable , George Michael our critic writes . _ _ _ _ _ • The European Medicines Agency is likely to leave Britain   —    another casualty of the vote to leave the European Union , and one with worrying implications for the country ’s vibrant biotech and pharmaceuticals sector Britain The troubled Italian lender   Monte dei Paschi di Siena has a capital shortfall of 8 . 8 billion euros , higher than previously estimated , the European Central Bank said . • The year ’s best apps . Our picks include an     universe of NPR audio the European Central Bank an upgraded    app . • The Dow has risen 14 . 4 percent this year , to 19 , 933 . 81 . Just a few days remain for 2016 to claim the 20 , 000 milestone . • Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • Russia said it found the flight data recorder of the military Russia that crashed into the Black Sea , killing all 92 on board . Moscow said it considered it unlikely that terrorism caused the crash Moscow [ Moscow New York Times ] • Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan will pay his respects at Pearl Harbor with President Obama today Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan but Mr. Abe ’s gesture may not be as unprecedented Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan . [ The New York Times ] • In Ukraine , The New York Times were reported killed in an escalation of fighting last week . [ Kyiv Post ] • The U. S. was the world ’s leader in weapons sales last year • accounting for half of the entire global market . France was second . [ The New York Times ] • Human error is said to have The New York Times in Colombia last month that killed 71 people , including most of the Brazilian soccer team Chapocoense . [ Associated Press ] • In just over 49 days ,   Thomas Coville , a Frenchman , sailed around the world alone . French officials call it a world record . [ Associated Press ] • In Catalonia ,   people climb on top of one another to [Associated Press] , sometimes up • 10 tiers high . Watch one go up in our latest Daily 360 video . • Here ’s how a German chef won the Liverpool soccer club over to individualized diets , locally and organically • foods , and compulsory four meals a day . • Hygge   —    the Danish word for cozy   —    has become such a phenomenon in Britain that the Collins Dictionary proclaimed it one of the top 10 words of 2016 . • Travel advice : Airlines are wary of drones and other devices with powerful batteries . And they wo n’t be as delighted as you are with that virtual reality headset . • In memoriam : Léo Travel advice: Airlines are wary of drones and other devices with powerful batteries , whose ballad " Alone Tonight " became a signature song of occupied France , and S. Newman Darby , the inventor of the sailboard , have died . • In the American Midwest ,   many people will tell you about a beloved holiday tradition that arrived from Germany : the Weihnachtsgurke , or Christmas Pickle . There ’s just one snag : It is all but unknown in Germany . Christmas is over , but reminders of the holiday are most likely scattered around your home and office Germany or perhaps hiding inside a coat pocket . We ’re talking about candy canes , whose ubiquity is matched by the legends surrounding their creation . One tale dates the candy to 1670 , when a choirmaster at a cathedral in Cologne , candy , needed a way to keep children entertained during long Christmas services . He asked a local confectioner to bend hard candy into the shape of a shepherd ’s cane . About 200 years later , a    immigrant is said to have brought the tradition to America , decorating his Christmas tree with the canes , which were all white . In 1920 , a Georgia candy maker developed a   immigrant way to    colors into the canes , giving them their traditional red and white look , according to one account . The sweets were already popular then , the canes the canes they are part of a seasonal candy juggernaut that rakes in over $ 7 billion a year , according to The sweets industry trade group . So what to do with the extra peppermint sticks ? Perhaps crush them to use on ice cream or cookies . Or save them : Not only has the candy been around The sweets centuries , it can last up to three years . The sweets Tumin contributed reporting . _ _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing the candy published weekday mornings . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes . com . 
 