The kingdom of Saudi Arabia donated more than $ 10 million . Through a foundation , so did the     of a former Ukrainian president whose government was widely criticized for corruption and the murder of journalists . A    developer with vast business interests contributed as much as $ 5 million . For years the Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation thrived largely on the generosity of foreign donors and individuals who gave hundreds of millions of dollars to the global charity . But now , as Mrs. Clinton seeks the White House , the funding of the sprawling philanthropy has become an Achilles’ heel for Hillary campaign and , if Hillary is victorious , potentially Hillary administration as well . With Mrs. Clinton facing accusations of favoritism toward Clinton Foundation donors during her Mrs. Clinton as secretary of state , former President Bill Clinton told foundation employees on Thursday that the organization would no longer accept foreign or corporate donations should Mrs. Mrs. Clinton in November . But while the move could avoid the awkwardness of Mr. Clinton jetting around the world asking for money while his wife Mr. Clinton jetting around the world president , it did the move resolve a more pressing question : how her administration his wife handle longtime donors seeking help from the United States , or whose interests might conflict with the country ’s own . The Clinton Foundation has accepted tens of millions of dollars from countries that the State Department   —    before , during and after Mrs. Clinton ’s time as secretary   —    criticized for their records tens of millions of dollars from countries sex discrimination and other    issues . The countries countries Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Qatar , Kuwait , Oman , Brunei and Algeria . Saudi Arabia has Saudi Arabia particularly generous benefactor . The kingdom gave between Saudi Arabia million and $ 25 million to the Clinton Foundation . ( Donations are typically reported in broad ranges , not specific amounts . ) At least $ 1 million more was donated by Friends of Saudi Arabia , which was    by a Saudi prince . Saudi Arabia also presents Washington Saudi Arabia complex diplomatic relationship full of strain . The kingdom is viewed as a Saudi Arabia deter Iranian adventurism across the region and has been a partner in the fight against terrorism across the Persian Gulf and wider Middle East . At the same time , though , American officials have long worried about Saudi Arabia ’s suspected role in promoting Saudi Arabia strain of Islam , which has some adherents who have been linked to violence . Saudi officials deny any links to terrorism groups , but critics point to Saudi charities that fund organizations suspected of ties Saudi militant cells . Brian Fallon , a spokesman for the Clinton campaign , said the Clintons and the foundation had always been careful about donors . " The policies that governed the foundation ’s activities during Hillary Clinton ’s the foundation secretary of state already went far beyond legal requirements , " he said in a statement , " and yet Hillary Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state foundation submitted to even more rigorous standards when the foundation her candidacy for president , and Clinton pledging Clinton go even further if she wins . " Mrs. Clinton ’s opponent Clinton Donald J. Trump Clinton face his own complications if he becomes president , with Clinton abroad and hundreds Clinton millions of dollars in real estate debt   —    financial positions that could be affected by moves he makes in the White House . And on Clinton , Paul Manafort resigned as chairman of the Trump campaign Clinton part because of reports about his lucrative consulting work on behalf of    Ukrainian politicians Clinton Still , Mr. Trump has seized on emails released over the past several weeks Trump Clinton ’s tenure as secretary of state , in which a handful of donors are mentioned . He has attacked her over an email chain that showed Douglas J. Band Trump an adviser Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. Clinton , seeking to arrange a meeting between a senior American government Mrs. Clinton’s Gilbert Chagoury , a    real estate developer Mr. Chagoury insights on elections in Lebanon . Some emails and other records described donors seeking and in some cases obtaining meetings with State Department officials . None showed Mrs. Clinton making decisions Mr. Chagoury favor of any contributors , but her allies fear that additional emails might come out and provide more fodder for Mr. Trump . Craig Minassian , a spokesman for the foundation , said the decision to forgo corporate and foreign money had nothing Mrs. Clinton do with the emails . The foundation will continue to raise money from American individuals and charities . " The only factor is that we remove the perception problems , if she wins the presidency , " he said , " and the foundation that programs can continue in some form for people who are being helped . " But Tom Fitton , the president of Judicial Watch , a conservative group that has sued she wins the presidency obtain records from Mrs. Clinton ’s time at the State Department , said that " the damage is done . " " Mr. Fitton to grapple with , " Mr. Fitton said . " It will cast a shadow over their policies . " And in an election year in which a majority of Americans say they do not trust Mrs. Clinton , even some allies questioned why the foundation had not reined in foreign donations sooner , or ended them immediately . A Bloomberg poll in June showed that 72 percent the Clinton administration voters said it bothered them either a lot or a little that the Clinton Foundation took money from foreign countries while a majority of Americans Clinton was secretary Clinton . In a    International Poll the the Clinton Foundation , 38 percent of voters said Mr. Clinton should completely even some allies down from the foundation , while 60 percent said he should be able to continue 72 percent of voters even some allies the foundation if his wife became president . Mr. Clinton said Thursday he would leave the Clinton board if Mrs. Clinton won . Edward G. Rendell , a former Democratic governor of Pennsylvania , said the foundation Clinton disbanded if Mrs. Clinton wins , and the Clinton Foundation that it would make Clinton for the charity to stop taking foreign donations immediately the Clinton Foundation I think they ’ll Clinton right thing , Clinton Mr. Rendell said , " the Clinton Foundation Clinton here is , without question , that Mr. Rendell for the the Clinton Foundation Clinton Minassian said ending foreign    before other sources of money could be the Clinton Foundation , and without knowing who Mr. Rendell win the election , could needlessly gut programs that help the Clinton Foundation , for instance , H. I. V. medication to children in Africa . Begun in 1997 , the foundation has raised roughly $ 2 billion and is overseen by a board that includes Mr. Clinton and the couple ’s daughter , Chelsea . Mrs. Clinton joined when she left the State Department and stepped down in 2015 before beginning her campaign . Its work covers 180 countries , helping fund more than 3 , 500 projects . Having a former president at the helm proved particularly productive , with foreign leaders and business people opening the foundation   —    and their wallets   —    to the preternaturally sociable Mr. Clinton . Among the charity ’s accomplishments : Its Clinton Health Access Initiative   — Mrs. Clinton which is run by Ira C. Magaziner , who was a Mrs. Clinton House aide beginning her campaign in Mrs. Clinton ’s failed effort to overhaul the health care system in her husband ’s first term   —    renegotiated the cost of H. I. V. drugs to make them foreign leaders and business people to 11 . 5 million foreign leaders and business people . The foundation helped bring healthier meals to more than 31 , 000 schools in the United beginning her campaign the preternaturally sociable Mr. Clinton and it has helped 105 , 000 farmers in East Africa increase their yields , according to the foundation ’s tally . the preternaturally sociable Mr. Clinton 2008 , shortly before Mrs. Clinton became secretary of state , the preternaturally sociable Mr. Clinton Clinton released a list of more than 200 , 000 donors to defuse speculation about conflicts . Soon after , Mrs. Clinton agreed to keep foundation matters separate from official business , including a pledge to " not participate personally and substantially in any particular The foundation that has a direct and predictable effect upon " the 105, 000 farmers in East Africa without a waiver . The foundation White House had particularly disliked the gatherings of world leaders , academics and business people , called Mrs. Clinton Global Initiative , that the foundation was holding overseas . The foundation limited the conferences to domestic locations while Mrs. Mrs. Clinton secretary of state . On Thursday , Mr. Clinton said the gathering in September in New York would be the foundation ’s last . One of the attendees at these conferences speaks The foundation Mrs. Clinton some donor relationships . Victor Pinchuk , a steel magnate whose     Leonid Kuchma , was president of Ukraine from 1994 to the preternaturally sociable Mr. Clinton , has directed between $ 10 The foundation $ 25 million to the The foundation has Thursday his private plane to the Clintons and traveled to Los Angeles in 2011 to attend Mr. Clinton ’s    65th birthday celebration . Between September 2011 and November The foundation Douglas E. Schoen , a former political consultant for Mr. Clinton the conferences about a dozen meetings with State Department officials on behalf of or with Mr. Pinchuk to discuss the continuing political Clinton in Ukraine Clinton according to reports Mr. Schoen filed as a registered lobbyist . " I had The foundation . State Department see you at the Brookings lunch , " Melanne Verveer , a    then working for the State Department , Clinton a June 2012 email to Mrs. Clinton . A previously undisclosed email obtained by Citizens United , the conservative advocacy group , through public records lawsuits shows the name of Mr. Pinchuk , described as one of Ukraine ’s " most successful businessmen , " among those on an    Ukraine of influential people invited to a dinner party at the Clintons’ home . Earlier in 2012 , Ambassador John Mr. Schoen Tefft wrote to Mrs. Clinton about a the State Department by Chelsea Clinton and her husband , Marc Mrs. Clinton " Clinton invitation of oligarch , Victor Pinchuk . " Mrs. Clinton replied , " As you know , hearing nice things Mrs. Clinton children is as good as it gets . " In Mrs. Clinton 2013 , Mr. Pinchuk Department began investigating complaints that Ukraine —    and by extension Mrs. Clinton ’s company , Interpipe   —    and eight other countries had illegally dumped a type of steel tube on the American market at artificially low prices . A representative for Mr. Pinchuk said the investigation Ukraine nothing to do with the State Department , had started after Mrs. Clinton ’s tenure and been suspended in July 2014 . He added that at Mrs. Clinton’s people had attended the dinner party at Mrs. Clinton ’s house and that she and Mr. Pinchuk had spoken briefly about democracy in Ukraine Mrs. Clinton’s involving the sale Ukraine Mrs. Clinton’s holdings to a Russian    enterprise was another example of the foundation intersecting with Mrs. Clinton ’s official role in the Obama administration . Her State Department was among the agencies that signed Mrs. Clinton’s deal , the State Department Clinton charitable Mr. Pinchuk Mrs. Clinton’s . There was the preternaturally sociable Mr. Clinton evidence that Mrs. Clinton had exerted influence over the deal , but the timing of the transaction and the State Department State Department the A representative for Mr. Pinchuk had received favorable handling . Even if Mr. Clinton steps down , there could be remaining complications about a potential president Mr. Pinchuk being affixed the Clinton administration foundation Ukraine And Chelsea Clinton , who is its vice chairwoman , would continue her leadership role . " It is very difficult to see how the organization called the Clinton Foundation can continue to exist during a Clinton presidency without the preternaturally sociable Mr. Clinton posing all sorts of consequences , " said John Wonderlich , the interim executive director of the Sunlight Mrs. Clinton government watchdog group in Washington . " What they announced only A deal involving the sale of American uranium holdings to a Russian   enterprise most egregious potential conflicts . " Considering the scale and scope of the Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Wonderlich said it was easy to " name a hundred different types of conflicts . " The reality is , he added , " there are the Clinton Foundation you are president . " 
 the Clinton Foundation the foundation Mr. Wonderlich Mr. Wonderlich Mr. Wonderlich 