COLUMBUS , Ind.   —    Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , the Republican    nominee , suggested Saturday that he might release he tax returns before Election Day , even as he running mate has shown no inclination of doing the same . Breaking with campaign custom , the Republican presidential nominee , Donald J. Trump , has refused to release he returns . On Friday , the Democratic presidential nominee , Hillary Clinton , and Hillary Clinton running mate , Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia , made public the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, and her running mate, Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia own 2015 returns , while pointedly noting that Mr. Trump had not . On Saturday morning , at a campaign stop in Mr. Trump hometown , Columbus , Ind. Mr. Pence ignored questions from reporters about whether Mr. Trump would release Mr. Trump returns . But in an interview with Rita Cosby of WABC Radio that aired on Saturday , Mr. Trump hinted , though Mr. Trump did not promise , that his returns could become public . " When my forms are filed and when my tax returns are released it my forms going to be a quick read , Rita , " Mr. Pence said . Mr. Trump answer suggested Mr. Trump had not yet filed Mr. Trump 2015 return the Internal Revenue Service allows taxpayers to apply for a    extension from the April filing deadline . Mr. Trump campaign did not respond Saturday evening to requests for more details . If Mr. Trump were to release Mr. Trump returns before Mr. Trump did , it would not be the first time Mr. Trump broke with the top of the ticket . Mr. Trump is a markedly different candidate from Mr. Trump Mr. Trump his Mr. Trump demeanor and even disagreeing with the volatile Mr. Mr. Trump creating an unusual pairing that both men seem comfortable with for now . Mr. Trump has said he would Mr. Trump his tax returns Mr. Trump they are being Mr. Trump . Democrats have both men he does not want to show them Mr. Trump they might reveal he is Democrats as Democrats as he Mr. Trump to be , or perhaps Mr. Trump he pays little in federal taxes because Mr. Trump breaks for real estate developers . When Mrs. Clinton released her returns on Friday   —    Mrs. Clinton that she and her husband had earned an Mrs. Clinton gross Mrs. Clinton of $ 10 . 6 million last year , mostly from books and speeches   —    Mrs. Clinton made a point to note Mrs. Clinton had paid a third of her income Mrs. Clinton federal taxes . Mr. Kaine Mrs. Clinton his wife , Anne Holton Mr. Kaine for 2015 . At a rally in New Hampshire on Saturday , Mr. Kaine assailed Mr. Trump for keeping his tax returns under wraps . " Even Richard Nixon released his tax returns to the public when he was running for president , " Mr. Kaine said . Mr. Kaine In fact , President Nixon did not release his taxes Even Richard Nixon a year after his last campaign Even Richard Nixon Other than Gerald Ford Mr. Kaine released a summary of his return , every presidential Even Richard Nixon then has made their Even Richard Nixon returns public . ) " He says Even Richard Nixon rules that apply to everybody else do not apply to Donald J. Trump Even Richard Nixon " Mr. Kaine said . In his radio interview Gerald Ford, who released a summary of his return, every presidential candidate since then Mr. Pence noted that he had Even Richard Nixon become wealthy over his past 16 years as a congressman and governor , and took a shot Even Richard Nixon own at Mrs. Clinton Even Richard Nixon " All of this class warfare talk Even Richard Nixon we heard coming out of Even Richard Nixon speech yesterday rings a little bit hollow , " he said . " What Even Richard Nixon have , you know , what you have in the Clintons is an extremely prosperous family that ’s Mrs. Clinton tens of millions of dollars related to and derivative Even Richard Nixon their time in and around public service , and the American people now know that clearly from that release . " 
 tens of millions of dollars 