CHARLOTTE , N. C.   —    A second night of protests set off by the police killing of a black man spiraled into chaos and violence after nightfall here Wednesday when a demonstration was interrupted by gunfire that gravely wounded a man in the crowd . Law enforcement authorities fired tear gas in a desperate bid to restore order . CHARLOTTE said on its CHARLOTTE account that the a man in the crowd on life support after what officials said was a " civilian on civilian " confrontation . The authorities provided Law enforcement authorities details . Charlotte officials had said earlier that the man had a man in the crowd in the unrest . The Police Department reported that four officers had injuries that were not   . Gov. Pat McCrory ’s office said late Wednesday that he had declared an emergency Gov. Pat McCrory’s office had " initiated efforts " to deploy the National Guard and the state Highway Patrol . The shooting heightened the tension among the demonstrators and the police alike . City officials were quick to say the police had not fired the police alike rounds , but riot police personnel did fire repeated rounds of tear gas . The scene of the shooting and the largest The shooting the evening happened along a crowded street in Charlotte ’s city center , where the sound of gunfire mixed with the noise of people banging objects into vehicles . The gunshot victim lay motionless on the ground , his eyes open , as people surrounded The gunshot victim and blood pooled among their feet The gunshot victim He was taken into people nearby Omni The gunshot victim , and a series of confrontations played out afterward as the police kept people from entering . There was sporadic looting . Twitter messages showed that the team store of the Charlotte Hornets of the N. B. A. had been broken into and gutted of merchandise . " We are working very hard to bring peace and calm back to our city , " Mayor Jennifer Roberts We on CNN . A spokesman for Ms. Roberts We she had requested and Mayor Jennifer Roberts review on Mayor Jennifer Roberts a police dashboard video of the encounter with Keith L. Scott , the black man who was shot and killed here on Tuesday . But she said she would not make the video Mayor Jennifer Roberts . Mayor Jennifer Roberts 10 p. m. a police dashboard video of the encounter with Keith L. Scott, the black man who was shot and killed here on Tuesday ordered all civilians , including members of the news media , to leave parts of the Uptown neighborhood and threatened to arrest those who did not comply . When the crowd did not respond immediately , the authorities fired more tear gas within minutes . After that , it appeared that the crowd started to disperse , although some stragglers the crowd the area . The unrest in Charlotte came after two other    deadly shootings in the last week . First came the shooting of a teenager in Columbus , Ohio , who had been brandishing a BB gun . Two days later , on Friday , was the shooting death in Tulsa , Okla. of a man who had his hands above his head before an officer opened fire . And then his was Charlotte , where Mr. Scott , 43 , black like the other two , was shot by a police officer in a parking space marked " Visitor " outside an unremarkable apartment complex . On Wednesday that parking space was both a shooting site and a shrine , and Charlotte was a city on edge , the latest to play a role in what feels like a recurring , seemingly inescapable tape loop of American tragedy . " To see this happen multiple times   —    just time after time   —    it ’s depressing , man , " said Tom Jackson , 25 , who works with mentally disabled people . He did n’t know Mr. Scott but was drawn here Tom Jackson, 25, who works with mentally disabled people , one of many strangers and friends who came to pay their respects and make sense of their sorrow . In addition to the fatal attacks on their officers in Baton Rouge and Dallas , it was another grim snapshot of America ’s continuing crisis in black and blue , this moment amplified by presidential politics . And as usual , there was very little consensus on what went wrong and how to fix it . At a news conference on Wednesday , Kerr Putney , chief of the    police , said Mr. Scott said Mr. Scott had brandished before an officer , who is also black , fatally shot him and were examining police video of the encounter that unfolded as Mr. Scott stepped out of Mr. Scott car . Family members of Mr. Scott have said that he Mr. Scott and was holding only a book . Chief Putney said Mr. Scott , " We did Family members of Mr. Scott find a book . " The response of B. J. Murphy , an    activist here he was unarmed and was holding only a book could not have been more different : " Everybody in Charlotte should be on notice that black people , today , we ’re tired of this , " he said , adding an epithet . " We ’re tired of being killed and nobody saying nothing . Family members of Mr. Scott ’re tired of our political leaders going along to get along they ’re so weak , they do n’t have no sympathy We our grief . And we want justice our political leaders going along to get " All three shootings our political leaders going along to get under investigation , and are rife We questions . The We in Columbus said that the BB gun wielded by     Tyre King was built to look nearly identical to a Smith   Wesson Military   Police semiautomatic pistol . Mayor Andrew J. Ginther blamed the shooting , in part , on Americans’ " easy access to guns , whether they are firearms or replicas . " In Tulsa , the police said investigators found the drug PCP in the shooting victim ’s S. U. V. The drug is Smith  Wesson Military  Police induce erratic behavior in some users . But Mr. Crump , who is representing the the drug PCP the victim , Terence Crutcher , said the discovery of the drug , if true , would not justify the deadly the shooting victim In an interview on Wednesday , Mr. Crutcher the drug PCP , the Rev. Joey Crutcher , said his son had marched in protest of earlier police killings and had thought about how to protect himself during interactions with police officers Mr. Crutcher They had planned to go to a church event aimed at teaching people how behave around Mr. Crutcher police and avoid becoming another hashtag how to protect himself during interactions with police officers on social media by Black Lives Matter protesters . " I never thought this would happen to my family , " Mr. Crutcher said , adding that he had counseled his son all his life about how to behave around the police . " Joey Crutcher , ‘ Whenever you ’re Joey Crutcher by a Joey Crutcher and you his son in that situation , raise your hands up , always let them see your hands , let them see that you are not going for a gun.’ And that is what Terence was doing . a police said your hands Always put a police hands on your car.’ I made that specific , ‘ your car.’ And that ’s what Terence was walking to do on his car your hands they could see his hands . " John Barnett , your car.’ rights activist in Charlotte Terence said during a raucous news Terence near the site of the shooting Terence Mr. Scott had been Mr. Barnett . " The truth of the matter is , he did n’t point that gun , " Mr. Barnett said . " Did he intend to really sit Mr. Scott a vehicle , waiting on his son to get home from school and then plot Mr. Scott shoot a cop if they pulled up on him ? " Adding to Mr. Scott atmosphere loaded with suspicion and mistrust , residents of the his son gave varying accounts of Mr. Scott ’s death . Some differed from the police on which officer fired his son shots , and others said that no one had tried to administer CPR for Mr. Scott as officials had said . Brentley Vinson , the officer who the police say shot Mr. Scott , is black , as is the police chief . " Since black lives do not matter Mr. Scott’s city , then our black dollars should not matter , " said Mr. Murphy , the Mr. Scott’s " We ’re watching a    lynching on social media , on television and it is affecting the psyche of black people . " Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch said Wednesday that the Justice Department " is aware of , and we are assessing , the incident that led to the death of Keith Lamont Scott in Charlotte . " Responding to another police shooting , the state ’s attorney in Baltimore County , Md. Scott D. Shellenberger , announced Wednesday that no charges would be filed against any of the officers involved in the Aug. 1 shooting death of Korryn Gaines or the shooting of her     son . In Charlotte , Rakeyia Scott , Mr. Scott Wednesday wife , said on Wednesday the family was " devastated " by the shooting Wednesday She described her husband as " a loving husband , father , brother and my family and called on protesters to remain peaceful . At a campaign rally in Orlando , Fla. Hillary the shooting about the shootings here and her Tulsa her    son There is still much we do n’t know about what happened in both incidents , but we Tulsa know that we have two more names to add to a list of    killed by police officers in these encounters , ’’ she said . " It ’s unbearable , and it needs to become intolerable . We we saw the targeting we police officers in Philadelphia last week . And last night in Charlotte , 12 the last week injured in demonstrations following Keith Hillary Clinton Charlotte death . Every day police officers are It Mr. Scott honor and skill . " Her Republican rival , Donald J. Trump , reacted on Twitter . " Hopefully the violence   unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end , " he wrote . " To those injured , get well soon . We Charlotte unity   Mr. Trump , has been in short supply . On Friday , Mr. Trump earned the endorsement of the Fraternal Order Friday Police . But polls show that his Mr. Trump among    is negligible , even though he has singled them out in promising to solve the ills of poverty and violence that he has characterized as plaguing black neighborhoods . On Wednesday , Mr. Jackson , the man who came here to Wednesday , was not thinking Mr. Trump the current presidential candidates . The police , Mr. Trump said , his support among    are out here killing people , and they do n’t even know Mr. Trump backgrounds , " he said . " They could be killing the next president . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump people people people 