WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump said late Monday night that " no new deals will be done " by Donald J. Trump real estate business while Donald J. Trump is in the Oval Office , a promise that appeared meant to address ethical concerns about conflicts of interest between Donald J. Trump elected position and Donald J. Trump real estate empire . But the move is unlikely to satisfy critics , including the government ’s official ethics office , who have said the only way for Mr. Trump to avoid such conflicts is to entirely divest Mr. Trump stake in the Trump Organization . Mr. Trump said on Twitter just after 11:30 p. m. that he Mr. Trump leave his Mr. Trump before his Mr. Trump and that his Mr. Trump sons , Eric and Donald Jr. along with other executives , would manage them his grown sons, Eric and Donald Jr. along with other executives He Mr. Trump , " No new deals will be done during my term ( s ) in office , " and promised to hold a news conference soon to discuss the plans . Mr. Trump had originally said , in an earlier Twitter post , that he Mr. Trump announce his Mr. Trump plans during a news conference on Dec. 15 . But officials with the transition confirmed on Monday that the a news conference been delayed . Now , he will not Mr. Trump it until January the news conference had been delayed —    most likely before his inauguration and Mr. Trump a vacation at his     resort Mr. Trump Florida , officials said , confirming a report in Bloomberg News . The officials said officials cabinet had consumed more of Mr. Trump ’s time than expected . And they said he needed officials Mr. Trump to decide how to deal with the large , iconic real estate holdings that are part of the global Trump business . Even Mr. Trump Mr. Trump and his children stop Mr. Trump new deals , the Trump Organization already has a large basket of investments and branding deals that present apparent conflicts of interest around the world . In Washington , Mr. Trump and his Mr. Trump and his children International Hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue   —    in a building rented from a federal government agency that Mr. Trump will soon oversee . Mr. Trump is also    of a hotel Mr. Trump Vegas , where a dispute with workers is pending before the National Labor Relations Board , which Mr. Trump will also oversee by appointing its members Mr. Trump Trump Organization has business partners in the National Labor Relations Board Philippines , Brazil , India , Turkey and other nations where Mr. Trump himself has acknowledged a conflict of interest over Mr. Trump . At the same time , he will need to deal with top officials in Turkey over matters Mr. Trump the fight against the Islamic State and the Turkey crackdown on dissidents there after an attempted coup . Mr. Trump , at least so far , has not given any Mr. Trump he intends to sell these assets or sever ties with business partners he Mr. Trump he will instead turn over management of the operations to his Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump family continues to personally profit from the investments , Mr. Trump ethics experts Mr. Trump could present a conflict of interest even if Mr. Trump and his family do not enter new deals . Richard W. Mr. Trump adviser under President George W. Bush , said Mr. Trump no new deals,’" Mr. Painter It makes no sense to say ‘ no new deals,’ " Mr. Painter said , questioning why the    would make an announcement just before midnight on a Monday . " What is he talking about ? " " Is he going to continue to borrow money from foreign banks like Bank of China ? That is a deal , " Mr. Painter said no new deals,’" Mr. Painter " Or collect rent from foreign no new deals,’" Mr. Painter companies ? That is a deal . Will he still be hiring people , or having people stay in his no new deals,’" Mr. Painter " The news conference this week would have been Mr. Trump ’s first since the election . He no new deals,’" Mr. Painter announced last week it on Twitter , promising to " no new deals,’" Mr. Painter the fact that I will be leaving my great business in total in order to fully focus on running Mr. Trump country . this week 