Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : • A Times investigation reveals how Russia aimed the perfect weapon at the U. S. presidential election : cyberattacks honed in elections elsewhere . Intelligence officials believe an operation to collect information evolved into an effort to harm one candidate , Hillary Clinton , and tip the U. S. presidential election to her Hillary Clinton , Donald J. Trump . Above , the Democratic National Convention ’s hacked server on a table in the organization ’s basement , next to a reminder of a past breach : a filing cabinet jimmied in the Watergate burglary of its the Democratic National Convention’s in 1972 . _ _ _ _ _ • Mr. Donald J. Trump lining up veteran members of the Republican foreign policy establishment to endorse his choice for Donald J. Trump of state , Rex W. Tillerson . With Mr. Tillerson as chief executive , Exxon Mobil clashed with China and befriended Vietnam over disputed territory in the South China Sea . Mr. Trump , above at Trump Tower on Tuesday , also selected Rick Perry , the former Texas governor , to lead the Energy Department , placing him in charge Rick Perry, the former Texas governor country ’s aging nuclear arsenal . Here ’s the latest on the transition . _ _ _ _ _ • Jobs , jobs and more jobs . That will be the    issue when Mr. Trump holds a summit with some of America ’s tech leaders , including Elon Musk of Tesla , above , Timothy D. Cook of Apple and Jeff Bezos of Amazon . The tech community , which was largely averse to Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump be asked to spread its wealth beyond places like Amazon Valley and Seattle . And the Federal Reserve is expected to give the American economy a vote of confidence , raising interest rates slightly for the first time in a year . Our analyst cautions that Mr. Trump ’s promised stimulus Mr. Trump a round of rapid rate increases to stave off inflation . _ _ _ _ _ • Russia , Turkey and Syrian rebel groups reached an agreement for rebels to leave their last pockets of territory in the Russia, Turkey and Syrian rebel groups city of Aleppo . Evacuations were expected to begin shortly , leaving the city fully in the hands of the ravaged city of Aleppo , a definitive victory . But there was confusion over whether the deal would assure safe passage for civilians , who the U. N. said had been shot in the streets by the score . _ _ _ _ _ • In Indonesia , the Christian governor of Jakarta , at the start of his trial on blasphemy charges , tearfully denied the Christian governor of Jakarta he had meant to insult Islam . Critics the Christian governor of Jakarta the case threatens Indonesia ’s reputation as a model for religious Indonesia and democracy in the region . _ _ _ _ _ • A child sex abuse scandal is exploding through British soccer . Since Andrew Woodward , above , became the first professional player in Britain to go public with his account of repeated rapes by his childhood the first professional player in Britain , at least 20 former the first professional player in Britain have come forward . The police are looking into the possibility of hundreds of victims at 98 soccer clubs , from the amateur level to the Premier League . • India ’s demonetization crisis has catapulted millions of small and    into a cashless economy , with the country ’s leading electronic money service now reporting a half a million new customers each day . • Japan ’s Asahi will pay $ 7 • 8 billion to    InBev for a group of some of the most popular beers in Central and Eastern Europe . • A Southern California    Apeel , has created an imperceptible , edible coating for fruits and vegetables that extends shelf life and could bring sweeping changes to the produce industry and grocery aisles . • And do n’t view retirement as a light at the end of a career tunnel , our personal finance writer warns . He offers a few tips to rearrange your our personal finance writer life . • Wall Street stocks are up . Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • More than 8 , 000 people gathered in Nanjing for China ’s third annual national memorial day for the hundreds of thousands of victims of the Japanese invasion in 1937 . [ Xinhua ] • South Korean lawmakers will question medical staff members over President Park   ’s whereabouts directly after a deadly 2014 ferry disaster . [ Reuters ] • Communist rebels in the Philippines , the National Democratic Front , said they would sign a formal    if President Communist rebels in the Philippines, the National Democratic Front Duterte agreed to release political prisoners . [ Manila Times ] • Malaysia ’s Federal Court rejected a final appeal by the former opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim to overturn a    jail term for sodomy . [ Malaysiakini ] • Anastasia Lin , a Canadian who was barred from the 2015 Miss World competition in China because of her criticism of the Chinese government , has been ordered by pageant organizers not to speak publicly during this year ’s finals , now underway in Washington . [ The New York Times ] • Mexico ’s 17 , 063 homicides by the end of October was the country ’s highest    tally since 2012 Mexico fears of a return to    warfare among criminal gangs . [ The New York Times ] • A [The New York Times] • The New York Times among followers of the world ’s major religions . [ The New York Times ] • Smuggled TV shows , movies and radio [The New York Times] • outside world , The New York Times doubt about their government , a prominent author argues . • Satellite images provide a picture of how the the world and rivers have been altered over the past three North Koreans by drought and global warming . • Some road trip . A      trip through the world countries with five children . What could go wrong ? •   " Rogue One : A Star Wars Story , " opens this week in Asia and the U. S. with projections of one of the biggest December debuts . Here ’s our    review . We told you last week about a fight in Canada over a proposed official bird , the gray jay . Canadians have also sparred over whether poutine ( fries topped our cheese curds and gravy ) should beat out maple syrup as their most representative food ( no ) . In some places , trademark foods are not so   . Many Britons consider chicken tikka masala , a colonial adaptation featuring Canadians bright orange sauce , as their national dish   —    more so than fish and chips . The concoction , one official said , " is a perfect illustration of the way Britain absorbs Many Britons adapts external influences . " In other places , there ’s no question about the winner . For example , New Mexico reveres the local chile . It ’s nowhere near as hot as peppers in China , India or the Caribbean , but it is perhaps the most consistent ingredient in the state ’s dishes . New Mexico in the late ’90s declared the state ’s official question to be " Red or green New Mexico " As in : Which variety of chile sauce do you want ? One answer plays no favorites the state’s Christmas , " and you ’ll get both . Ca n’t handle the heat ? Reach for a glass of milk , which neutralizes the capsaicin that makes your taste buds sting . It ’s also the official beverage of 21 states . Anna Holland contributed reporting . _ _ _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings . What would you like your taste see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 