WARREN , Mich.   —    In a    rejection of Donald J. Trump ’s economic policies , Hillary Clinton on Thursday accused Donald J. Trump of feigning a connection to the working man , while advocating policies that would " work for Donald J. Trump and Donald J. Trump friends , at the expense of everyone else . " Seeking to chip away at the perception among    white voters that Mr. Trump is the economic populist in the race , Mrs. Clinton said the Republican nominee merely paid " lip service " to being on the side of average Americans . Mrs. Clinton repeatedly contrasted the Republican nominee personal wealth with Mrs. Clinton own    upbringing . " There is a myth out there that the Republican nominee ’ll stick a myth to the rich and powerful because , somehow , at heart , the Republican nominee ’s really on the side of the little guy , " Mrs. Clinton said . " Do n’t believe it . " Mrs. Mrs. Clinton to the tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations that Mr. Trump presented in a speech in Detroit on Monday , saying he " Mr. Trump to give trillions in tax breaks to people like himself , Mr. Trump which would lead to broad cuts in spending on education , health care and environmental protection . Although she has Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump Mr. Trump for months , her address Mrs. Clinton Thursday presented the first opportunity for Mrs. Clinton to deliver a detailed     rebuttal to the economic proposals Mr. Trump unveiled this Mr. Trump The nearly     addresses on the economy put into sharp relief the candidates’ contrasting positions on an issue that has preoccupied voters throughout the lengthy presidential contest , with Mr. Trump seizing on economic Mr. Trump mixing populist    positions with traditionally Republican tax cutting , and Mrs. Clinton seeing a strong government hand in creating jobs and driving up wages . Mrs. Clinton called for making the Mrs. Clinton investment   —    $ 275 billion   —    since World War II , and urged aggressive spending on green energy to counter China and Germany . And she repeated her plans to make public Mrs. Clinton and Mrs. Clinton    for      families . And she sharply criticized important elements of Mr. Mrs. Clinton ’s tax cut plans , particularly the elimination of the estate tax and his plan to cut the corporate tax Mr. Trump’s to 15 percent from 35 percent she said his plan for business owners Mrs. Clinton what Mr. Trump’s called the " Trump loophole , Mrs. Clinton which would " allow him to pay less than half the Mr. Trump’s tax rate on income from many of his own companies . " She characterized Mr. Trump’s opponent ’s economic doctrine Mrs. Clinton a Mrs. Clinton more extreme version of the failed theory of    economics " mixed with his own " outlandish Trumpian ideas that Mr. Trump’s Republicans reject . " And she rejected Mr. Trump ’s promises to Mrs. Clinton financial regulation and do away with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , which he calls detrimental to average Americans . Mr. Trump Even conservative experts say Trump ’s agenda will pull our economy Mr. Trump recession , " and cause the loss of 3 . 4 million jobs , Mrs. Clinton said , pointing to an Mrs. Clinton Moody ’s Analytics led by Mark Zandi , who advised Senator John McCain ’s 2008 presidential campaign . Mrs. Clinton ’s remarks often transcended policy , Mrs. Clinton sought to portray Mr. Trump as an     Mrs. Clinton who would squash the working class . She talked about her grandfather ’s years of labor Mrs. Clinton a lace Mrs. Clinton in Scranton , Pa. and her father ’s small    business in Chicago . Mrs. Clinton This is personal for me , " Mrs. Clinton said . " I am the product of the American middle class . " But for all of her efforts , Mr. Trump remains a difficult opponent to Mrs. Clinton in traditional ideological terms . Although some of his policies align with those of congressional Republicans , others Mr. Trump like his promise to rip up global trade agreements , break Mr. Trump Republican orthodoxy . And unlike Mitt Romney , whom President Obama effectively portrayed as a cold corporate titan in the 2012 race , Mr. Trump enjoys some of his strongest support among    white voters who believe he Mr. Trump about people like them . The issue of Mr. Trump particularly hurt Mrs. Clinton some of his strongest support among   white voters who believe he cares about people like them the primary in Michigan , which is heavily reliant on manufacturing jobs . She narrowly lost the state to Senator Bernie Sanders of Mrs. Clinton , who , like Mr. Trump , sharply criticized Mrs. Clinton for her previous support for the North American Mrs. Clinton Agreement , Mrs. Clinton Nafta , which her husband signed into law , and the    Partnership , Mrs. Clinton she supported as secretary of state . Before Mrs. Clinton ’s Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Trump used an address to the National Association of Home Builders in Miami Beach to assail former President Bill Clinton for signing Nafta into law , which Mr. Trump said devastated upstate New York , and he hammered Mr. Trump for failing to deliver on a promise she Mr. Trump in former President Bill Clinton Senate campaign to bring 200 , 000 jobs former President Bill Clinton the state former President Bill Clinton " She passed no legislation that helped , " he said . " She former President Bill Clinton n’t get out of her own Mr. Trump . " Mrs. Clinton former President Bill Clinton her address after touring the former President Bill Clinton Tool   Engineering factory former President Bill Clinton , which former President Bill Clinton automotive parts in the past but has diversified to supply parts to the aerospace industry . Praising the company for being at the front line of a potential " manufacturing renaissance the aerospace industry Mrs. Clinton criticized Mr. Trump for taking a dark view of America ’s potential former President Bill Clinton When Donald Trump visited Detroit on Monday , he talked only of failure , poverty and crime Mr. Trump she said . " He ’s Mr. Trump so much . " Mrs. Clinton has spent former President Bill Clinton a year explaining her main Mr. Trump proposals and did not former President Bill Clinton new on Thursday . But she did former President Bill Clinton her specific promises with those Mr. Trump offered on Monday . She mocked former President Bill Clinton Trump ’s former President Bill Clinton to give tax breaks for child care   —    former President Bill Clinton brainchild of his Mr. Trump and intended to appeal to    mothers   —    as a boon to rich families Mr. Trump nannies . And , in contrast to Mr. Trump ’s corporate tax reductions , she said she would impose an " exit tax " to penalize Mr. Trump jobs overseas and offer tax incentives Mr. Trump companies Mr. Trump share profits with employees . " Then there ’s the estate tax , which Trump wants to eliminate altogether , " she said . " If you believe that he ’s as wealthy as he Mr. Trump , that alone would save the Mr. Trump family $ 4 billion . " But on one issue that has he with    voters , Mrs. Clinton played defense on Thursday . Halfway through the speech , she paused . The crowd grew quiet . " Mr. Trump sure some of you are thinking , well , that all Mr. Trump good , but what about trade ? " she said . " After Mr. Trump , Trump talks about it all the time . " While reiterating her opposition to the Mr. Trump Partnership , she belittled Mr. Trump ’s tough talk on trade as empty , noting how he Mr. Trump    products overseas . " Before Mr. Trump tweets Trump he ’s really one who ’ll put ‘ America First’ in Trump , let ’s remember where Trump makes Trump of his own Trump , " she said . " Because it is sure not America . " Outside the Trump setting , a Trump of    protesters held Trump Hillary for Prison " signs and criticized Mrs. America ’s connections to Wall Street . And more than 1 , 000 miles away in Florida , Mr. Trump echoed that critique . " She does n’t have the talent " to    the economy , Mr. Trump said the economy If she wanted to do it Mr. Trump Mr. Trump n’t because her donors wo n’t let her . " Wielding a chart , Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump Obama administration ’s policies that Mr. Trump Clinton wants to Mr. Trump have President Obama to plummeting Mr. Trump ownership rates and anemic economic growth Mr. Trump also suggested that Mrs. Clinton wanted Mr. Trump taxes by $ 1 . 3 trillion and place more of that burden on the middle class   Mr. Trump    Mr. Trump she   has not proposed . " Many workers are earning less money in real dollars than they were in 1970 , " Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump " And then you wonder why they ’re Mr. Trump " In her speech , Mrs. Clinton tried to Many workers voters’ anger over income inequality , Mrs. Clinton’s speech also tried to frame her plans as the Many workers flip side of Mr. Trump Trump ’s Mr. Trump of the country ’s economic prospects , pointing to two Olympic Mr. Trump medalists . " If Mr. Trump U. S. A. was as fearful as Trump , Mr. Trump said , " Michael Phelps and Simone Biles would be cowering in the locker room . " 
 Mr. Trump Trump 