  ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good morning . Here ’s what you need to know : • The second presidential debate . Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump spent nearly 90 minutes exchanging personal attacks Sunday night , suggesting that the final weeks before Election Day on Nov. 8 will be an ugly political brawl . Hillary Clinton criticized Mr. Donald J. Trump not showing remorse after several provocative comments during the campaign , and Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump Hillary Clinton having " tremendous hate in her Hillary Clinton . " He also repeatedly Donald J. Trump recorded remarks from 2005 , in which he boasted that Donald J. Trump could grope Donald J. Trump because he was a Donald J. Trump , as "   talk . " Here are more highlights from the debate . •    analysis . The takeaways : Mrs. Clinton stuck to a safe script and leveled no surprise attacks Mr. Trump widened his political vulnerabilities Mr. Trump    comments . Who won ? According to some pundits , Mr. Trump exceeded Mr. Trump showed supporters that his campaign was n’t Mr. Trump . Finally , we    several of the nominees’ statements . • Fallout from lewd comments from 2005 . Mr. Trump has threatened Mr. Trump against Republican lawmakers who withdrew their support for him . Republican lawmakers who withdrew their support for him list has Mr. Trump to more than 160 prominent party members . And Billy Bush , the " Today " show host who was bantering with Mr. Trump on the recording Mr. Trump been suspended by NBC . We look at why the network was slow to report NBC story about the video despite NBC about it last Monday . • Hurricane Matthew NBC toll . Nearly 900 people died   in Haiti as a result of the storm that blasted the island last week , and more Haiti , 000 remain stranded in the country ’s south . " God gives Haiti takes , " a resident in one    God said . " Mankind , for all the evil he does , could never do something like this God " In the U. S. at least 17 people were killed by the hurricane , which caused record flooding in North Carolina . • More problems for Samsung . The world ’s biggest smartphone maker temporarily suspended production of its Galaxy Note 7 devices after reports of fires biggest smartphone maker its replacement models . The company had previously said biggest smartphone maker would recall 2 biggest smartphone maker million Note 7 phones biggest smartphone maker reports that the battery could catch fire . • Nobel in economics science . The Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Science was awarded this morning to Oliver Hart and economics science for their insights into how best to write contracts . • Choosing Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmstrom voice for conversational computing , an emerging field in technology , reflects society ’s preconceptions around race and gender . Companies are having to decide whether it is better to succeed by complying with a stereotype , or risk failure by going against type . • A    automotive company is turning to an unlikely ally for advertising help : the satirical news outlet The Onion . • Resolving workplace   conflicts with empathy and forgiveness can improve conditions at work , a business professor ’s recent studies have found . • U. S. stocks finished down on Friday . Here ’s • snapshot of global markets . • Two police officers in Palm Springs , Calif. were shot and killed while responding to a domestic disturbance . • Pope Francis named 17 new cardinals , including three Americans • the most he named from any one country . • Ethiopia has declared Pope Francis    state of emergency after months of antigovernment protests have left an estimated 500 people dead . • In sports , Tom Brady returned from his    N. F. L. suspension and threw for over 400 Tom Brady to lead New England to victory . Toronto moved on to the American League Championship Series , and Cleveland and Chicago are a win away from advancing in the M. L. B. playoffs . • " The Girl on the Train " was the top movie at the North American box office . " The Birth of a Nation " had a disappointing opening . • Obama ’s valedictory tour . President Obama made a rare stop in his adopted hometown , Obama spending Friday and Saturday there for Obama    and some golf . He also spent time with supporters discussing plans for his presidential library Obama charitable foundation in the city . • New Obama for medical marijuana . Some owners of dogs and cats are giving their    pets    remedies to treat seizures , inflammation , anxiety Some owners of dogs and cats pain . The Food and Drug Administration , though , has not approved marijuana for domesticated animals , citing a lack of research showing its effectiveness . • Start the week with style . Here are The Food and Drug Administration of our best photographs from fashion month . • Recipe of the day . Take it easy with this classic tuna salad sandwich . Columbus Day is being observed in the U. S. today . In Canada , it ’s Thanksgiving . And new holidays seem to be invented every Columbus Day . Today is also Handbag Day and Angel Food Cake Day . One event on this date , though , highlights a more serious subject : World Homeless Day . Started in 2010 , the day seeks to bring attention to homelessness , a problem that Columbus Day of millions of people worldwide , according to the United Nations . In the U. S. more than a    people live on the streets or in shelters for temporary stays . But national statistics show that homelessness is declining . And Salt Lake City has been held up as a model . The city ’s approach is simple : Before tackling the problems that led Salt Lake City homeless , those in need first receive a place to live . The program is credited with reducing the number of chronically homeless people across the state The city’s approach is simple: Before tackling the problems that led someone to become homeless, those in need first receive a place to live percent since 2005 . Lloyd Pendleton , who leads Utah ’s Salt Lake City force , initially doubted the plan . " I get probably two to five calls a week now , " he said in an interview last year , " wanting to know how we did it . " For information on how you can help , the National Alliance to Lloyd Pendleton, who leads Utah’s homeless task force   last year and the National Coalition for the Homeless offer resources . Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern and updated on the web all morning . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at briefing@nytimes . com . You can sign up here to get the briefing delivered to Lloyd Pendleton, who leads Utah’s homeless task force inbox . 
 Your Morning Briefing 