Mitt Romney was excoriated during the 2012 presidential campaign for paying $ 4 . 9 million in federal income tax , or an average of just 14 percent of Mitt Romney adjusted gross income , in the two years for which Mitt Romney released returns . No one should be surprised , though , if Donald J. Trump has paid far less   —    perhaps even zero federal income tax in some years . Indeed , that ’s the expectation of numerous real estate and tax professionals I ’ve interviewed in recent weeks . Even with hundreds of millions in gross revenue from his vast real estate empire , " it ’s both possible and legal that Donald J. Trump would pay little or no income tax , " said Len Mr. Green Mr. Green is also a real estate investor , teaches at Babson College and is the author of the forthcoming " The Entrepreneur ’s Playbook . " " I would expect he ’s paying little or no tax , " agreed Steven M. Rosenthal , a veteran tax lawyer Mr. Green senior fellow at the    Tax Policy center . That ’s because Mr. Trump , as a prominent and active developer , can take advantage of some of the most generous tax breaks in the federal tax code to reduce his reported income to near zero , or even report a loss . Few tax advisers to major real estate developers would speak for attribution , because their clients benefit from the same tax breaks available to Mr. Trump . But all told me they Few tax advisers to major real estate developers developers in Mr. Trump ’s league who pay little or no income tax despite hundreds of all in cash flow Mr. Trump estate is notorious for throwing off huge deductions , " Mr. Rosenthal said . " That coupled with wide latitude in the timing and recognition of income make real estate development extremely attractive from a tax standpoint . " The Trump campaign did not respond to requests for comment , nor did William F. Nelson , a former general counsel to the Internal Revenue Service and partner at Morgan , Lewis   Bockius , one of Mr. Trump ’s tax lawyers . Mr. Trump has said in the past that highly paid corporate executives " get Trump " on their taxes while Trump he pays as little as the law allows . At the same time , he has insisted that highly paid corporate executives federal income tax payments Trump " substantial . " No one I spoke to has seen Mr. Trump Trump tax returns , Trump he has not released them . One obvious potential reason is that he reports little or Trump , and thus pays very little Trump support the government his federal income tax payments are "substantial wants to run . He is not Trump by law to make his returns public , but every candidate since Richard Nixon refused to Trump done so . ( Trump Ford released summaries . ) Mr. Romney Trump harshly criticized for releasing just two years’ worth , and it became a major campaign issue four years ago . Even though Trump returns are confidential , the notion that Mr. Trump has paid little releasing just two years’ worth no tax is not entirely speculative . It ’s consistent with Trump Trump ’s returns from the late 1970s , which he filed with the New Jersey Casino Control Commission when applying for Even though his recent returns are confidential, the notion that Mr. Trump has paid little or no tax casino license in Mr. Trump Trump reported losses and paid no federal income tax Mr. Trump 1978 and 1979 and paid only modest sums   —    a total of less than $ Mr. Trump 000   —    for the prior three years . David Cay Johnston , a former reporter for The New York Times who has written extensively about Mr. Trump , reported in The Daily Beast in June that Mr. Trump also paid no income tax in 1984 , citing a New York State Division of Tax Mr. Trump . Their conclusions are reinforced by Mr. Trump ’s extensive Mr. Trump required of presidential candidates . His latest filing in May lists 564 entities in which he holds a position , Mr. Trump also paid no income tax in 1984, citing a New York State Division of Tax Appeals ruling president , director or Mr. Trump . " Most are corporations , usually owned in turn Mr. Trump a limited liability company and associated with a specific Mr. Trump property , such as the office tower at 40 Wall Street ( the subject of four such L. L. C. s , each of which owns a major interest in the other ) . That does not count entities in which Mr. Trump does not hold any position . He lists 188 entries under " employment assets and income . " Candidates are only required to list assets from which they earn more than $ 200 reporting    ventures is optional Mr. Trump L. L. C.s pass on income    ( and , equally important , losses ) to their owners . Real Candidates L. L. C.s can generate enormous losses , even with millions in revenue , because of depreciation , interest payments , real estate taxes and operating costs income    Mr. Trump can use paper losses to offset taxable income , such as interest , dividends , royalties and employment income . That ’s a loophole that was eliminated for most investors in the landmark tax reform legislation in 1986 . But because of aggressive lobbying by the powerful real estate industry ,    active developers like Mr. Trump were exempted from restrictions on using such paper losses to offset ordinary income . The tax value of Mr. Trump ’s paper losses may well exceed his investment in the Mr. Trump , because he and other developers typically make minimal down payments and use as much debt as possible to Mr. Trump . To take just one example , Mr. Trump Trump bought what is now the Trump Mr. Trump Doral Miami resort and golf club for $ 150 million while it was in bankruptcy proceedings and financed the purchase with $ 125 million in loans Mr. Trump Bank . Interest payments on mortgages and loans are deductible . How much total debt Mr. Trump ’s properties the Trump National Doral Miami resort and golf club incurred is not known , but based on his latest financial disclosure ( which shows only ranges ) it ’s at least $ 250 million and probably far more than that , with some estimates close to $ 1 billion . At an average Mr. Trump’s rate of 4 percent , that deduction alone is How much total debt Mr. Trump’s properties have incurred at least $ 10 million a year and perhaps $ 40 million or more . At least interest is a cash payment . Depreciation is a noncash charge , and is largely an accounting conceit that benefits real estate investors . The theory is that real estate loses value over time and is eventually worthless . As everyone surely knows , most real estate has historically appreciated in value . How much Mr. Trump ’s property investments might throw off in depreciation depends on what he paid for them , how much he ’s spent on capital improvements and how the assets are categorized ( some assets qualify for accelerated depreciation ) . But the    depreciation schedule for commercial property Mr. Trump and purchases property investments capital investments of Mr. Trump 2 billion ( a modest estimate , given that Mr. Trump values his assets at $ 10 billion ) would generate depreciation deductions of $ 50 million a year . Depreciation is ordinarily recaptured and taxed when an asset is sold . But Mr. Trump Mr. Trump developers can Mr. Trump from provisions that make that unlikely . If they sell appreciated properties at a large profit but use the proceeds to buy other real estate , the transactions may be considered a " " exchange . If so , there ’s no tax on the Mr. Trump and other developers . Critics have called    exchanges an outrageous tax loophole that benefits wealthy real estate developers and other investors to the tune of $ 33 billion in lost tax revenue a year . The Obama administration has called for repealing it , and several bipartisan measures to do so have been introduced in Congress , all to no avail given the gridlock over tax reform . " It ’s a big loophole , " Mr. Rosenthal said The Obama administration the    exchange provisions . " It allows     and    taxpayers to defer their tax liability potentially until death . " Mr. Trump ’s business entities also deduct real estate taxes and all their operating costs and expenses , which might well It most of Mr. Trump ’s living and taxpayers expenses , because his personal and business lives are so intertwined . ( Even his suits are presumably a Mr. Trump’s business entities cost , because he has a men ’s wear line . ) " The difference between business and personal costs Mr. Trump’s be a very fine line , " Mr. Green said Mr. Trump’s " especially for someone like Trump . " Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump ’s losses exceed his income , they can be carried over into subsequent years and used to offset future income . Politico reported in June that documents from New Jersey ’s Division of Gaming Enforcement Trump Control Commission indicate that Trump Trump had losses      in the 1990s , when his casino operations were under stress . This may also explain why Mr. Trump has not disclosed many large charitable contributions , because the charitable deduction would be Trump value if he has little or no taxable income Trump The enormous tax benefits available to real estate developers like Mr. Trump yet another a compelling case for overhauling the tax system . But that ’s not to say he ’s Trump anything wrong . Trump are n’t obligated to pay taxes they do n’t owe , " Mr. Green said . " It ’s Trump job of tax professionals to use every legal means to minimize taxes , and I ’m sure Trump has some of the best working for him . People wealthy people Mr. Green tax . " But they ’re not running for president . " Trump is disqualifying for a    presidential nominee Trump refuse to release tax returns to the voters , " Mitt Romney recently said on Facebook . He , of all people , should know Many wealthy people 
 Trump Trump 