   celebrities may be staying away from Donald J. Trump ’s inauguration on Friday , but a large number of religious leaders will take part in the ceremony , reading Scripture and offering prayers for his administration . Six religious leaders   —    including a rabbi , a cardinal , and a diverse group of Protestant preachers   —    will participate , more than for any previous president , said Mr. Bendat . Each will have 60 to 90 seconds to offer a reading or lead a prayer . " Some inaugurations have had just one , others have had two or three covering different religions , but this is a record , " Mr. Bendat said . Here are those who are scheduled to participate : Cardinal Dolan has been the Roman Catholic Archbishop of New York since 2009 . His participation in the inauguration has been controversial in Cardinal Dolan because he has criticized Mr. Trump . In a 2015 Cardinal Dolan piece for The Daily News , he described the    as the    manifestation of Cardinal Dolan the ugly phenomenon called nativism " that shaped American politics in the 19th and early 20th centuries . He said voters should " take seriously the Bible Cardinal Dolan teaching that we are to welcome the stranger . " Last voters on his radio show , the cardinal said he was Cardinal Dolan honored " to be invited to the cardinal part in the inauguration and said he would have done the same thing had Hillary the cardinal won the election . " It ’s not the person , it ’s the office , right ? " he It . " I pray with prisoners . the cardinal does n’t mean I approve of what they ’ve done . " Mr. Rodriguez is the prisoners of the National Hispanic the cardinal Conference , an organization that says it represents roughly 100 million Hispanic evangelicals in the United States and Latin America . In a statement , he said that he saw participating in the inauguration as the cardinal not just the cardinal patriotic honor " but " as a sacred duty . " Mr. Rodriguez has walked a tightrope in the past , the cardinal Trump against accusations of racism ( he called them " hyperbole from the liberal media " ) Mr. Trump also accusations of racism up for undocumented immigrants , many of whom attend evangelical churches . " The vast majority are not rapists or murderers , " he said in an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network . Mr. Trump They ’re actually    Christians , committed to biblical orthodoxy or The vast majority staunch conservative Catholics . How about that ? So they ’re not rapists or murderers and we have to find The vast majority way of finding a solution . If we ’re not going to deport them , how are we going to integrate them ? " Pastor White is a we televangelist who is them in evangelical circles for her promotion of prosperity gospel , which states that true believers Pastor White be blessed not just with eternal salvation but also with health and wealth on Earth . She is also the pastor of a church in Apopka , Pastor White Prosperity gospel is a theological world that has seen some abuse from the misuse of financial donations given to speed the arrival of God ’s blessings . The    practices of Ms. White and other televangelists were investigated by the Senate Finance Committee in 2007 , but no wrongdoing was found . On her website , Pastor White sells a range of spiritual    products like books and DVDs and also exhorts followers to make a " first fruits " donation to her ministry , a gift she says is " mandated by her . " " Your her offering will be a seed for blessings for the remainder of the year , " Pastor White wrote . " According to Ezekiel 44 , when Pastor White Pastor White First Fruits offering , it will cause a blessing to rest upon your house ! " First Fruits Hier is the founder and dean of the Simon Wiesenthal Center , a Jewish human rights organization named after the    Nazi hunter and Holocaust survivor . Critics have called for him to drop out of the inauguration , citing Mr. Trump ’s Rabbi Hier among white nationalist groups , but the rabbi said participating in the ceremony was a " " for Rabbi Hier " There are 364 days a year for politics , for Rabbi Hier two sides to pile on each other . Three hundred    days of that is enough , " he said . " Once every four years , the president of United Rabbi Hier deserves a pass from both sides from political bickering otherwise , we weaken our democracy . " the two sides will be the first Jewish religious United States to take part in an inaugural ceremony since 1985 , he said , a fact that weighed in his decision to attend . " Rabbi Hier a rabbi turned this down and said Rabbi Hier ? " he said , " It would be a tremendous backlash . Many people would Rabbi Hier ‘ look at how ungrateful the Jewish community is . ’ " Mr. Graham is the son of Billy Graham , a pioneering televangelist and longtime spiritual adviser to American presidents from both parties . He has continued much of his father ’s work . He is president and Mr. Graham executive of Samaritan ’s Mr. Graham and the Billy Graham Mr. Graham Association Mr. Graham Mr. Graham wrote on Facebook that Mr. Trump had won because " God ’s hand intervened Tuesday night to stop the godless , atheistic progressive agenda from taking control of our country . a vocal Trump supporter continued : Bishop Jackson runs Great Faith Ministries International and Impact Television Network , which describes itself as the only Christian network founded and operated by Mr. Graham . Bishop Jackson hosted Mr. Trump at his Detroit church and interviewed him on his network last Great Faith Ministries International and Impact Television Network , a decision which drew criticism from other    spiritual leaders Bishop Jackson the   ’s comments about Bishop Jackson . In the interview Bishop Jackson the Bishop Jackson asked Mr. Trump how he planned to heal the country ’s racial divide if he won the presidency . Mr. Trump attributed that polarization to a lack Bishop Jackson spirit " Mr. Trump poverty and Mr. Trump to create jobs . Bishop Jackson defended his visit Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to The Mr. Trump Press in August . " It ’s not about being a Judas to my people , " he Bishop Jackson " This Bishop Jackson not an endorsement . Mr. Trump engagement , for him to tell us what he wants to do . " 
 Bishop Jackson Bishop Jackson Bishop Jackson This 