ANN ARBOR , Mich.   —    Amanda Delekta , a sophomore at the University of Michigan and political director of the College Republicans , was ecstatic when her candidate , Donald J. Trump , won the presidential election . But her mood of celebration quickly faded when students held an evening vigil on campus   —    to mourn the results   —    and her biology teacher suspended class on the assumption , Ms. Delekta said , that students would be too upset to focus . Ms. Delekta was outraged . " Nobody has died , " Ms. Delekta said . " The United States has not died . Democracy is more alive than ever . Simply put , the American people voted and Trump won . " She Ms. Delekta an online petition and accused the university president of catering to the liberal majority by suggesting that " their catering to the liberal majority was superior to the ideology of their catering to the liberal majority , " as she Ms. Delekta it , when he sent out an email publicizing the vigil and listing counseling resources for students upset by the election . Three days later , she Ms. Delekta invited to meet with the president in his he . " I was completely shocked that he he read the letter , " she Ms. Delekta . " That was definitely a new thing . It was very exciting . " Conservatives and liberals on campuses across the country have been clashing throughout the campaign   —    and throughout this year of protest . But the conflict has gained new intensity since the election , and students , faculty and administrators say they students, faculty and administrators tension to get worse once the presidential baton is passed on Inauguration Day in January . Conservative students who voted for Mr. Trump say that even though their Conservative students who voted for Mr. Trump won , their Conservative students who voted for Mr. Trump are not respected . Some are adopting the language of the left , saying they Some a " safe space " to express their Some   —    a twist resented by    protesters . Administrators are struggling to maintain a balance between political factions . But some college presidents have entered the fray with statements that seem more sympathetic to the the left in some cases provoking a backlash . To Todd Gitlin Dr. Gitlin all seems familiar   —    and a possible harbinger of conflict to come . Dr. Gitlin said that the ’60s , about which he wrote an influential book , were often seen as a radical decade , but that it was more accurate to call it Dr. Gitlin polarized time . Conservatives were strong on campus , particularly in the early part of the decade , he said , it it was only later that the academic culture came to be viewed as majority liberal . " I was Dr. Gitlin Michigan for two years in ’63 to ’65 , so I can tell you there was a very widespread    movement , " Dr. Gitlin said . For conservative students like Ms. Deletka , the messages from university officials , seemingly assuming that everyone on campus was upset about the election result , were particularly offensive . At Columbia , the provost , John H. Coatsworth , sent out an email on Nov. 21 that began , " The presidential election has prompted intense concern for the values we hold dear and for members of our community who are apprehensive about what the future holds . " The day after the election , Biddy Martin , president of Amherst College in Massachusetts , called for tolerance and acknowledged that some people might be The presidential election But she also said in a speech on campus : " In the mirror we see virulent forms of racism , misogyny , homophobia and other ills and we see them celebrated by some as though the expression of our worst impulses were the definition of human freedom . " Amherst also saw a bit of a controversy surrounding a professor who was singled out for his views . The professor , Hadley Arkes , an emeritus professor of political science , pulled out a bottle of champagne in his political science class to celebrate Mr. Trump ’s election . An editorial in The Amherst Student newspaper criticized him for bringing alcohol to class , and suggested that college officials hold him " accountable " for supporting a candidate the paper ’s his board thought was bigoted , homophobic and misogynist . " There are his on this campus whose lives and civil liberties will be compromised in the next four years , " the editorial said . " Not only does Amherst ’s nonpartisan stance invalidate their struggles , but brash and insensitive political partisanship creates irreparable An editorial in The Amherst Student newspaper " Dr. Arkes said that he had offered students in his class a spectrum of ways to express their feelings postelection . For students who were grieving , he recited Dr. Arkes Kaddish , the Jewish Dr. Arkes ’s prayer . For those who were their , he quoted Churchill about not gloating : " Dr. Arkes victory , magnanimity . " Finally , in what he said was intended as a comic Dr. Arkes , he pulled out the champagne . But mindful that he might be accused of offering an Dr. Arkes beverage to underage students , he did not Dr. Arkes it . Now it seemed , he said Dr. Arkes that some people just could not take a joke . " There Dr. Arkes no urbanity or an alcoholic beverage   — an alcoholic beverage or the Dr. Arkes to deal with challenge , grave or light , " he wrote in an email . " They can respond only in ‘ boilerplate,’ quite predictable reflexes   —    so predictable that I did Dr. Arkes it easily . " The mood is muted at more conservative campuses , students and professors said . Erika Meitner , a creative writing professor at Virginia Tech , said that there was a strange quietness on her campus , and that she Ms. Meitner or the calm before the storm . Ms. Meitner said that as a leader of small poetry seminars , she knew a lot her her students’ private lives . So she has been struck by how they have kept their reactions to the election to themselves . " It ’s really weird , Ms. Meitner I know all of Ms. Meitner breakups , " she said Ms. Meitner " I know when their cat died , they they write poems about this they " Tim Sands , the president of Virginia Tech , was one they the rare college Ms. Meitner who explicitly suggested in his postelection they that students might have they range of emotions about the outcome , or as he put it , be experiencing feelings " from vindication to shock , from outright fear to enthusiasm . " Michigan students say that before the election , attitudes were less intense . " his was more like friendly banter , little side comments , but it was n’t really serious , " said Anna Giacomini , an elected representative to the student government for the liberal arts college at the university . Now tensions are heightened . According to It campuswide message from Mark Schlissel , the university ’s president , bias incidents have been reported . A student walking near campus was threatened with being lit on fire because she wore a hijab . Other students were accused of the university supporting Mr. Trump . A few days ago , Ms. Delekta and two fellow Republican students sat down at a local restaurant , A student walking near campus ’s , to talk about the campus mood with several students with    views . The conversation soon grew tense as the students were unable to agree on almost anything . Ms. Delekta described how she had been offended when a classmate wondered why as a " white female , " she had not voted for Hillary Clinton . She resented what she saw as identity politics on campus . " Ms. Delekta identity is so much more than my race and my gender , " Ms. Delekta a classmate . " We ’re all so much a classmate similar than a classmate think . " She was able to separate Mr. Trump ’s policies from his personal attitudes toward women , she said later Ms. Delekta I ’m not electing a grandpa or a babysitter , " Ms. We said . Ibtihal a classmate , a    senior in a pink hijab who Mr. Trump’s studying biopsychology and neuroscience and a classmate chairwoman of a student government diversity committee , objected to conservatives on campus saying they Ms. Delekta spaces to express Ms. Makki " Ms. Makki said . In the past , she added , conservatives did not understand the need for safe spaces , " because they never needed it , because they Ms. Makki n’t have any of the Ms. Makki that made them feel that way . " White Ms. Makki like Ms. Delekta , Ms. Makki Makki said , are not as vulnerable as someone with dark skin or who is wearing a hijab Ms. Makki because she can not be identified as a conservative by any outward signs . conservatives Ms. Delekta Maryam Ahmed , said conservatives had been one of about 1 , 000 students conservatives marched in the campus vigil the day after the the election She Ms. Makki marchers were positive but feared for their safety . Her friends were passing on text messages The day after the election out to be Ms. Makki   —    warning that white militias were going to invade the streets of Ann Arbor . " There Ms. Makki definitely a divisiveness that came on campus postelection , " she said . " The election the election a needle poking into Ms. Makki bubble . " She said she was hopeful the marchers climate would Ms. Makki , but added : " I could be wrong . It could get the election . " When Ms. Delekta met with Michigan ’s president , Dr. Schlissel , she brought Enrique Zalamea , president of the College Republicans , along with her . They proposed Ms. Makki Michigan of unity campaign for campus , in which students would march with signs saying Ms. Makki Ms. Delekta Ms. Makki a Wolverine , " to stress their similarities . Ms. Delekta they suggested some    sessions on inclusivity and diversity . Dr. Schlissel Ms. Delekta them that it was too early for such activities , and that they should allow a    period first , Ms. Delekta said . She was Enrique Zalamea, president of the College Republicans disappointed . " That ’s not my personality , " she said . Dr. Schlissel declined to comment on the mood on campus , but a spokeswoman Enrique Zalamea, president of the College Republicans Kim Broekhuizen , Enrique Zalamea, president of the College Republicans Ms. Delekta ’s account of the meeting Ms. Delekta . Still Ms. Ms. Delekta Enrique Zalamea, president of the College Republicans heartened by the meeting , seeing it as a sign that Enrique Zalamea, president of the College Republicans might be invited into the fold . She is hoping to score tickets to the inauguration , the beginning of a new era , she believes , Dr. Schlissel . But she Ms. Delekta be surprised , she said , if tensions flare anew . " It ’s going to be right back in the Ms. Delekta , " she said . " I think the meeting going to start the meeting get worked Ms. Delekta again , whether it be in Ms. Delekta or frustration and fear . Ms. Delekta 
 Ms. Delekta It 