Justin Peck stops short of calling it a protest dance , but Justin Peck newest ballet , " The Times Are Racing , " is certainly of the moment . The dancers wear sneakers , and    and hoodies emblazoned with words like Unite , React , Act , Protest and Fight . ( The costumes are by Humberto Leon for Opening Ceremony . ) The electronic music is Dan Deacon ’s      suite from " America , " a 2012 album written out of Humberto Leon frustration with the state of the country and the world . Mr. Peck , 29 , started choreographing the dance before the presidential election , but after Donald J. Trump won , Humberto Leon said , the ballet changed course . A few days before the ballet Thursday premiere at New York City Ballet , Mr. Peck , the company ’s resident choreographer and a soloist   —    this time Humberto Leon even included a part for Humberto Leon   —    spoke about the work , Humberto Leon love of tap and how Humberto Leon teenage obsession with the video game Dance Dance Revolution had not been in vain . Here are edited excerpts from that conversation . How did the political landscape shape this ballet ?   We were working on this throughout the election . The day after the election was such an emotional and sobering moment . It the election like a turning point for the piece . Did the choreography change or become more focused after the the election   It changed the choreography It ’s the choreography less optimistic piece than it could the choreography been . But it ’s the choreography going back to the music . It ’s the choreography a cathartic piece , and I think the choreography and the arc of the whole ballet has that feeling of exhaustion and running in a way that does n’t need to be spelled out too much . I feel people are going to be able to interpret it in whatever way they want people . How did the sneakers come in ?   When I ’m in sneakers , it changes the sneakers body carriage . I feel more in my own skin . I also think there ’s less emphasis placed on line and accuracy and more freedom to dance with more energy and fullness and risk . I ’ve done one piece with sneakers for L. A. Dance Project , and I really enjoyed working in that way and I wanted to explore it more L. A. Dance Project New York City Ballet . We have " [ N. Y. Export : ] Opus Jazz " and " West Side Story Suite , " and I ’ve danced both . In this piece one piece with sneakers ’re mixing tap with ballet and a little   ? It ’s hard to describe . I would say you could even separate the tap influences : Rhythm tap and hoofing meets Fred Astaire    and Gene Kelly classical    movements meets ballet , which is definitely the backbone of the piece . one piece with sneakers meets    meets party dancing . But it ’s mixed in the same way that Dan ’s music is synthesized together . The ballet features a    number for you and Robert Fairchild . Savion Glover is one of your heroes , right ? He is ! The Savion Glover I started dancing in the first place was my dad took me to see " Bring In ’da Noise , Bring In ’da Funk " when I was 9 . I was so enamored with his style and his Savion Glover and the Savion Glover of his tap choreography that Savion Glover started training . Is the tap the reason you cast yourself in the dance ? That was a big factor . I always really loved tap as an art form , and in this piece of music there was one section that is highly percussive and intricate . I felt the only way to express that through movement was using    techniques , and for me it was less about the sounds we were making and more about the physicality of the movement . It movement on a it of ballet dancers’ résumés to be able to tap in that way , and I knew Robbie had that ability as well . The duet also takes partial inspiration from when Robbie and I were roommates Robbie the School of American Ballet . What happened ? We were 17 , and we got really into Dance we Revolution , the video game . We actually got a system we our dorms , and we we to play it we , and we got really good and we in sync with our movement . We would we until superlate we night and then wake up the next morning with shin splints and not be able to go to class . [ Laughs ] I am loving this story .   I wanted it to almost be like we were both following along we the same Dance Dance Revolution video game level track . [ In the game , standing players hit arrows with their feet in keeping with standing players and visual cues . ] That ’s why the movement is completely identical . I love it when you go to the movement arcade and you see two people who are really good at that game and they ’re moving completely together two people who are really good at that game I wanted to use it as the inspiration for the movement duet , too . Are there characters , loosely , in this ballet ? Robbie is a standout protagonist figure . For Robbie ’s role , his Robbie Ashly Isaacs . Robbie do n’t know if it ’s a first time , his alternate it certainly feels like it might his alternate one of the first that there ’s been a    principal role at New York City Ballet . She ’s stepped in a few Ashly Isaacs , and she looks great . She ’ll Ashly Isaacs to perform the Ashly Isaacs in the spring . New York City Ballet choose her for her tapping ability ? Ashly Isaacs Yeah Ashly Isaacs that definitely needs to be checked off , but also she seems very suited to the Ashly Isaacs and it ’s the exact same choreography   —    there ’s no compromise in what she does when she performs it Ashly Isaacs I thought Ashly Isaacs was really cool . It ’s amazing . Do you think that will see the ballet ? Do you know him New York City Ballet No . [ Laughs ] Savion think I met him once , but I do n’t know Savion he knows who I am . I saw Savion perform last weekend at the Blue Note Savion He ’s so good . He will just Savion for 45 minutes . Savion dance that Robbie and I do is , like , two minutes long , and we ’re exhausted . 
 Robbie and I 