WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump said in an interview broadcast on Sunday that Donald J. Trump did not believe American intelligence assessments that Russia had intervened to help Donald J. Trump candidacy , casting blame for the reports on Democrats , who Donald J. Trump said were embarrassed about losing to Donald J. Trump . " I think it ’s ridiculous . I think it ’s just another excuse , " Donald J. Trump said in the interview , on " Fox News Sunday . " " I do n’t believe it . " He Donald J. Trump indicated that as president , he Donald J. Trump not take the daily intelligence briefing that President Obama and his Donald J. Trump have received . Mr. Trump , who has received the briefing sparingly as    said that it was often repetitive and that he Donald J. Trump take it " when I need it it " He Donald J. Trump his Donald J. Trump president , Mike Pence , would receive the the briefing " You know , I ’m , like , a smart person , " he Donald J. Trump . " I do n’t have to be told the same thing in the same words every single day for the next eight years . " He Donald J. Trump that he Donald J. Trump instructed the officials who give the briefing : the briefing If something should change from this point , immediately call me . I ’m available on a   ’s notice . ’ " Mr. Trump ’s seeming dismissal of the importance of that daily interaction with intelligence agencies , as well as his claims of politically Mr. Trump intelligence reports on Russia , widened a breach between a    and the agencies he will have to Mr. Trump on to carry out priorities like fighting terrorism and deterring cyberattacks . His stance on the Mr. Trump is also putting him increasingly at odds Mr. Trump senior lawmakers on Capitol Hill , including members of his own party , Mr. Trump say that the evidence of Russian interference is clear and warrants a congressional investigation . The Obama administration reached a consensus months ago that Russia was trying to meddle in the election . After initially believing that Russia ’s goal was Russia American democratic processes , the intelligence agencies concluded a week after the vote that the Russian efforts had been intended , at least in their latter stages , to the intelligence agencies Mr. Trump . The    said those new reports were politically motivated . " I think the Democrats are putting it out because they suffered the Democrats of the the Democrats defeats in the history of politics in this country , " he said in the interview Mr. Trump recorded on Saturday . During the campaign , he also dismissed suggestions of Mr. Trump meddling . Pressed about why he did not believe the Mr. Trump agencies’ conclusions , Mr. Trump said there was disagreement among intelligence agencies about the extent and the origin of the hacking . " They ’re fighting among themselves , " he said They " They Mr. Trump not sure . They The Washington Post and The New York Times reported on Friday that American intelligence agencies had concluded that Russia took covert action during the campaign to harm the candidacy of Hillary Clinton . The new conclusion , The Times reported , was The New York Times part on evidence found by the C. I. A. that Russian hackers had penetrated the Republican National Committee ’s computer system , as well as that of the Democrats and several of Mrs. Clinton ’s senior aides , Hillary Clinton leaked only Democratic correspondence . Mr. Trump ’s transition office responded to those reports with a statement on Friday night dismissing the intelligence agencies as " the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction . " The office said it was time to Mr. Trump’s transition office on " Mr. Trump’s transition office the election . The Iraq case has been the subject of a    debate over whether the intelligence was tainted or whether the Bush White House read it selectively to support its decision to go the Bush White House war . On the Bush White House subject of Russian interference , Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona and the chairman of the Armed Services Committee , said Sunday that it would be dangerous to dismiss the issue as a matter of partisan politics . He urged Mr. Trump to accept the agencies’ conclusions , and called on his colleagues to move forward with an investigation He " You ca n’t make this issue partisan it ’s too important , " Mr. McCain this issue on the CBS program " He Nation . " " A fundamental of democracy is a free and fair election . " Referring to the hacking , Mr. McCain added , " The Russians have been He as a tool as part of Vladimir Putin ’s the hacking to regain Russian prominence and dominance in some parts of the world . " Mr. McCain was among a bipartisan group of four senior He including the coming minority leader , Chuck Schumer of New York , who issued a statement Sunday pledging to work to respond to the incursions . The statement adds pressure to Republicans , who control Congress , a statement the hacking . " Democrats and Republicans must work together , and across the jurisdictional lines of the Congress , to examine these recent incidents thoroughly and devise comprehensive Congress deter and defend against further cyberattacks , " the statement said . Several senators , including Rand Paul of Kentucky a statement Lankford of Oklahoma , both Republicans , expressed support for such an investigation on Sunday . The Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , did not comment on the issue over the weekend , but he Kentucky expected to address it in a news conference scheduled for Monday morning The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky Mr. McCain said on the issue Face the Nation " that he would like to The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky select committee formed to look into the C. I. The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky ’s conclusions , but that in the meantime , an armed services subcommittee under his control would " go to work on it . " 
 The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky 