When Donald J. Trump unveiled Donald J. Trump new online travel booking venture , GoTrump . com , Donald J. Trump said in a promotional video in 2006 that customers would " love everything I put on this site . " " There ’s nobody better , " Donald J. Trump added . " There ’s nobody even close ! " A few months later , ground was broken for Trump Tower Tampa , a project Donald J. Trump said would " redefine both Tampa ’s skyline and the market ’s expectations of luxurious condominium living . " And when Donald J. Trump signed a    deal with the fledgling U. S. Pro Golf Tour that summer to become a partner on a new championship series , Donald J. Trump proclaimed that " there is no doubt the talent level is among the highest in the world . " The travel venture never took off . The tower in Tampa , Fla. was not built . And the golf championships ? Mr. Trump withdrew as the fledgling U. S. Pro Golf Tour fell apart . Moving past a disastrous period that led to a loss on paper of more than $ 900 million   —    possibly freeing him Mr. Trump federal income taxes for years   —    Mr. Mr. Trump a    factory of big ideas , churning out a continual stream of projects and promises . Together , they fed the image of Mr. Trump as an American Midas , the foundation of his argument Mr. Trump why he would Mr. Trump a great president . To see whether the results of these ventures came close to their    these ventures , The New York Times analyzed scores of Trump business Mr. Trump starting a decade ago , including those posted on the Trump Organization ’s website and those that have been deleted but live on in web archives . The Times The New York Times through news reports , his personal financial disclosures and court records interviewed partners and interviewed Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the roughly 60 endeavors started or promoted by Mr. Trump during the Mr. Trump , The Times found few that went The New York Times The New York Times hitch .    of them never got off the ground or soon petered out . Another third delivered a measure of what was promised   —    buildings were built , courses taught , a product introduced   —    but they also encountered substantial problems , like them , government investigations , partnership woes or market downturns . The remaining third , while sometimes encountering strife , generally met expectations   —    notably the television show " The Apprentice " and the purchases of numerous golf courses , including properties near Philadelphia and in the Hudson Valley . In interviews , Mr. Trump disputed some of the characterizations , saying that , among other things , some projects that might appear to be failures were successes , for him at least , because he often Mr. Trump his money upfront , Mr. Trump fees for Mr. Trump use of the Trump name . The bottom line of all the hits and misses , however , is impossible to determine because Mr. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , has not released any tax returns . Regardless of how much money a deal made   —    or did not make   —    one constant through the years is that these ventures were almost always introduced with a certain Trumpian flair : Each would set a " new standard " or be the " very , very best . " Jim Dowd , who advised Mr. Trump on public relations and marketing from 2004 to 2010 , recalled that Mr. Trump typically took a personal interest Mr. Trump news release , marking up drafts with a red pen he kept on his desk . " We Mr. Trump draft a Mr. Trump for him , but he would always rewrite it Mr. Trump making it Mr. Trump larger than life a quote for him " Mr. a quote for him said in an interview earlier this year . ( Mr. Dowd died last month . ) There Mr. Dowd common terms : " Huge , billions   —    those words would have to be in there , " Mr. Dowd said . " Definitely ‘ unprecedented.’ Definitely Mr. Dowd best of the best . ’ " For free publicity , Mr. Trump would also schedule news conferences to announce his deals , and he seemed to feast on the Mr. Trump . " He Mr. Trump so caught up in the glamour of the Mr. Trump conference and getting the lobby of Trump Tower filled with media , " Mr. Dowd said . " He would plop down the Mr. Dowd do his thing for Mr. Trump minutes , and he was pretty much Mr. Trump every media outlet the next day Mr. Trump " Eventually , Mr. Dowd said , the throngs of journalists who attended Mr. Mr. Dowd news conferences waned , as they asked Mr. Dowd , " Really , another one ? " the throngs of journalists who attended Mr. Trump Dowd Mr. Dowd Trump was putting himself out too often . " Mr. Dowd doing these Mr. Trump the world , Mr. Trump he said . " He Mr. Trump flying to Panama to announce that project . He Mr. Trump flying to Puerto Mr. Trump the golf course in Scotland . " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump he recalled those visits fondly , though he demurred when asked if Mr. Trump been overexposed Mr. Trump his business ventures . " It Mr. Trump a big world , Mr. Trump he said . " Mr. Trump can do a lot of things . " But the reality Mr. Trump that the success of " The Apprentice , " which averaged 21 million viewers weekly when it made its debut in 2004 , had given Mr. Trump access to what seemed like the reality endless the reality of business opportunities . There were unrealized real estate developments in Atlanta on the Baja California peninsula in Mexico and in Cap Cana in the Dominican Republic , an " elite destination that will be known worldwide in the years to come . " The hotel and golf club in Cap Cana bearing the Trump name , announced almost a decade ago , have not been Cap Cana and Mr. Trump ended up suing his partners over licensing fees . There were entertainment endeavors : a Trump a Trump animation series Trump to " The Simpsons " a speaking tour in Australia that was canceled , Trump Mr. Trump did eventually go there for a round of lucrative speeches and " Trump Tycoon , " Trump app that sold for " $ 2 . 99 but the advice is priceless , " as he wrote at the time on Twitter . He said recently that he did not recall the app , Trump is no longer available . There were Trump of    products Trump with mixed success : vodka magazines suits ties chairs bath towels crystal and perhaps the most famous one , Trump Steaks , sold by Sharper Image and " by far the best tasting , most flavorful beef that you ’ll ever eat . " Some live on , but in general , they typically failed to match the initial hype before quietly disappearing . And there was Trump University , a Some of real estate seminars that , like many of Mr. Trump ’s endeavors , wound up in the courts . Mr. Trump ’s name seemed to be just about everywhere . But a close look reveals patterns , particularly Mr. Trump’s after the financial crisis of 2008 . ( The Times did not analyze any projects begun after 2012 , because a number of them were too new to evaluate . ) Until the crisis , Mr. Trump focused mainly on real estate developments , often mixed    projects . The market downturn the financial crisis of 2008 of Mr. Trump’s , and he began shifting more aggressively to smaller licensing agreements with makers of home products and goods . The Trump Organization accelerated Mr. Trump’s focus on golf , buying clubs near Philadelphia in Westchester County , N. Y. in Doral , Fla. and elsewhere . The Trump Organization occasional bumps , as when neighbors in Doral complained about noise and the course ’s new    trees , the purchases have generally gone according to plan . Where Doral might see disappointment , Mr. Trump is unfailingly upbeat when reflecting on his business ventures . In the interviews , he maintained that his deals , for the most part , " are all Mr. Trump successful . " And a number of Mr. Trump were , Mr. Trump least for him , because they were licensing arrangements that paid him millions of dollars in fees upfront his deals, for the most part, "are all tremendously successful of how well the engagement Mr. Trump out . his deals, for the most part, "are all tremendously successful times , he said , Mr. Trump showed his business acumen by canceling or delaying deals to avoid hitting a difficult market . " All Mr. Trump my jobs Mr. Trump in Mr. Trump form or another , " Mr. Trump said , noting several times that he had more than 100 deals in progress or in negotiation . " A Mr. Trump people do n’t understand . " He Mr. Trump no regrets about how he had trumpeted his past engagements , explaining how his promotions were no different from what one Mr. Trump find in newspaper ads for Mr. Trump new car Mr. Trump home . " People use Mr. Trump that ’s very much up there , " he said . He acknowledged that he sometimes announced deals before they were fully baked . It was part of the plan , Mr. Trump said , Mr. Trump gauge the Mr. Trump ’s response , like a trial balloon , to he sometimes announced deals before they were fully baked whether a deal was worth doing Mr. Trump " It is an awfully good way of testing things , I ’ll be honest with you , " he said . " There ’s no investment , as opposed to doing the deal and letting it be a failure . " Mr. Trump president , Mr. Trump said , he might use the same approach to policy making . the deal I Mr. Trump could say there Mr. Trump be a time where I may want to test something by talking about it publicly and seeing what the response is , " he said . But he said that some of his campaign pledges were positively bankable . " Mr. Trump instance , " Mr. Trump said , " we Mr. Trump going to build a wall . I ’m going to build Mr. Trump wall . " 
 a wall 