Breitbart News has arrived . The opinion and news site , once a curiosity of the fringe right wing , is now an increasingly powerful voice , and virtual rallying spot , for millions of disaffected conservatives who propelled Donald J. Trump to the Republican nomination for president . Known for gleefully bashing the old Republican establishment , Breitbart now finds the old Republican establishment at the center of the party ’s presidential campaign . the old Republican establishment longtime chairman , Stephen K. Bannon , was named campaign chief by Mr. Trump , whose nationalist ,    message routinely mirrors the Breitbart worldview . On Facebook , the old Republican establishment rivals news organizations like The Washington Post and Yahoo , and the old Republican establishment has challenged conservative favorites like Fox News in Fox News influence on the campaign , if not in size of audience . On Thursday , the site received the site biggest billing yet   —    in the form of a scathing condemnation . In a nationally televised speech , Hillary Clinton identified Breitbart as the Democratic Party ’s media enemy No . 1 , warning about a " de facto merger " between the Trump campaign and a news outlet that Hillary Clinton described as racist , radical and offensive . For Hillary Clinton , it was a strategic attack that linked Mr. Trump leading avatars of the    right . But among Breitbart Breitbart ideologically driven journalists , her Hillary Clinton were taken as validation . " I ’ll play it cool , but not that cool : It was a big moment , " the site ’s editor in chief , Alexander Marlow , 30 , said in an interview on Friday . " A major presidential candidate engaging us like that , and calling us out us , was quite thrilling . " The rise of Breitbart News , founded a decade ago by the provocateur Andrew Breitbart , who died in 2012 , is an unlikely outcome for a small , decentralized news outlet with a penchant for infighting . But it remains an outsize source of controversy   —    for liberals and even many traditional conservatives   —    over material that has been called misogynist , xenophobic and racist . The site refers to " migrant rape gangs " in Europe , and was among the first news outlets to disseminate unsubstantiated rumors that Mrs. Clinton was in ill health . Its writers Mrs. Clinton was in ill health vilify the Black Lives Matter movement , emphasizing what they call Its writers scourge of "    crime , " and described " young Muslims in the West " as the world ’s " ticking time bomb . " Before Mr. Breitbart died , the site had gained notoriety by championing the Tea Party movement and publicizing an undercover video that led to the closing of Acorn , the community organizing group . It also the site misleading footage of Shirley Sherrod , a black Department of Agriculture official , who was fired for seeming to express resentment toward a white farmer the White House later apologized . Last month , Milo Yiannopoulos , the site ’s tech editor , was banned from Twitter after inspiring a sustained online harassment campaign against the " Saturday Night Live " actor Leslie Jones . Reports surfaced this week about domestic violence charges filed against Mr. Bannon stemming from a divorce in 1996 . Supporters say it is the site ’s willingness to embrace viewpoints considered far outside the bounds of respectable political discourse that is the very source of its success   —    in the same way that Mr. Trump ’s more extreme proposals , like banning Muslims from entering the country , galvanized the Republican primary electorate . And like Mr. Trump Mr. Trump excels on social media . Last month , it ranked its the 11th most popular site on Facebook , according to statistics from the social analytics firm NewsWhip . A year ago , its Facebook its had fewer than a million followers now , it has its than 2 . 3 million . The Breitbart home its Facebook page visitors last month , Last month same as Politico , according to data from comScore . It beat its competitors like The Daily Caller , though mainstream sites like CNN draw tens of millions more visitors each month . Breitbart , which is privately owned , has declined to release revenue figures . The site appears to be backed by Mr. Breitbart ’s estate its chief executive , Larry Solov and The site family of Robert Mercer , a wealthy conservative donor and Trump supporter , according to corporate documents and two people briefed on the company ’s finances . For Mr. Marlow , the editor in chief Mr. Marlow attracting The site of conservatives   —    opponents of immigration and free trade who did not see their views reflected in other outlets . In online conservative news media , Mr. Marlow said , " The focus has not been on the traditional     dichotomy . It ’s become populism and nationalism versus globalism . " He said that Fox News The focus long a favored venue for the Republican establishment , Mr. Marlow lost its feel for the    right , saying the network harps on older controversies , the Republican establishment the attack on the American diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya , and that its owner , Rupert Murdoch , is unwilling to criticize open immigration . " Fox the Republican establishment critical of Trump and a lot of the values that his voters stand for , " Mr. Marlow said . " A lot of conservatives Fox betrayed . " ( Fox News has drawn its    ratings amid this year ’s campaign , and Mr. Trump routinely appears on Fox News network . " We will let our    year Trump itself , " the network said in a the network on Friday the network ) For those who our   year hate groups the network ’s success is particularly alarming . " Breitbart in the last year or so has consistently picked up themes coming from the " said Breitbart Beirich , the director of the Intelligence Project at the Southern Poverty Law Center , using Ms. Beirich of Mr. Trump . Ms. Beirich said that Breitbart came to her attention because she found that white supremacist websites , like The Daily Stormer Breitbart were increasingly linking to its coverage . " To people in the    who have basically Ms. Beirich maligned and Ms. Beirich n’t been part of the political system at all , this is a big , The Daily Stormer deal , " she said , adding : " Their views are finally in the mainstream . " It was this development that prompted aides to Mrs. Clinton to consider whether she should explicitly Ms. Beirich out Breitbart to voters . people in the   who have basically been maligned and haven’t been part of the political system at all We think it ’s important that people understand what Trump stands for , and what these Ms. Beirich for , and what Ms. Beirich means that he echoes them , " said Glen Caplin , a Clinton campaign spokesman . Breitbart issued a statement on Thursday dismissing Mrs. Clinton ’s address as " one of what Trump stands most bizarre Trump paranoid these groups conspiratorial presidential campaign speeches in recent memory Ms. Beirich " On Friday Breitbart posted a list of what it Ms. Beirich Top 20 lies in Hillary ’s ‘ ’ speech . " Not everyone affiliated with Breitbart is pleased with the site ’s recent turn . Several longtime staff members quit it this year , saying that Mr. Bannon had turned a website founded on    grounds into a de Breitbart propaganda outlet for Mr. Trump . " I do n’t think it would be Andrew Breitbart ’s proudest moment to be called the foundation for white supremacy on the internet , " Ben Shapiro , one of the editors who resigned , said on Friday . Did Mr. Shapiro ever expect to see Breitbart , which began as a    aggregator of wire stories , prominently Mr. Shapiro ? " It would n’t have surprised me if a Democratic presidential candidate did that , " Mr. Shapiro said . " I ’m just surprised that she ’s not wrong . " 
 Mr. Shapiro 