WASHINGTON   —    Congress opened for battle over the Affordable Care Act on Wednesday as Republicans pushed immediately forward to repeal the health care law and President Obama made a rare trip to Capitol Hill to defend the health care law . The bitterness that has long marked the fight intensified as Republicans seized the opportunity to make good on a central campaign promise to get rid of the health care law , a pledge reinforced on Wednesday by Vice    Mike Pence , who met with House Republicans not far from where the President Obama with Democrats . The Affordable Care Act , Mr. Obama President Obama health care law , has created online insurance marketplaces , offered new protections to people seeking health insurance , and provided coverage to millions of people near the poverty line through expanded Medicaid . Health policy experts say that system could collapse if Republicans cut off funds for the expanded coverage and end penalties for people who go without health insurance . " The American people voted decisively for a better future for health care in this country , " Mr. Pence said , " and we are determined to give them that . The American people He said that Mr. Pence Donald J. Trump would use his executive authority   Donald J. Trump help make the transition away from the health care law , but did not offer specifics . Democrats vowed aggressive resistance , however , and said they would not Democrats in drawing up a replacement for the law after the health care law efforts to unravel it . Senator Chuck the health care law of New York , the new Democratic leader , playing off Mr. Trump ’s   Donald J. Trump said repealing the law would " make America the health care law . " Republicans are using a procedural approach that will allow them to repeal substantial parts of the Republicans care law without Democrats’ being the health care law filibuster in the Senate . By a vote of 51 to 48 on Wednesday , the Senate took the first step , agreeing to take the Senate the Senate resolution , or blueprint , that would clear the way for legislation repealing major provisions of the   law . But even as Republicans spoke of the health care law repeal the law , it remained far less clear how and when they the health care law about replacing the health care law . Senate debate on the budget resolution is even as Republicans spoke of moving quickly to repeal the law to continue for the health care law days , the Senate the House a budget resolution up the measure once the Senate has approved it . As Republicans charged ahead , both sides seemed cognizant of the possible fallout from the measure the law , which has become deeply enmeshed with America ’s health care system and has provided insurance for about 20 million people . Mr. Trump weighed in with several Twitter posts . He advised that Republicans needed to " be careful in that the Dems own the failed Mr. Trump disaster , " and added , " Do n’t let the Schumer clowns out of this web . " Mr. Trump predicted that the health care law would " fall of its own weight . Mr. Trump Chris Collins of New York , a Republican who is one the health care law Mr. Trump ’s top supporters in Congress and is part of his transition team , said it Mr. Trump to be sure that Democrats bear responsibility for the failings Mr. Trump the health care law . Republicans point out that premiums have risen and that consumers in many places the health care law insurers . " We have to make sure we keep reminding America , we are repealing it because it failed , we are repealing it because they all but We that we repeal it We " Mr. America said America " And We was a America piece of Donald Trump ’s campaign We " America as Republicans expressed eagerness to repeal the law , they acknowledged that replacing it would take more time . It is also unclear how insurance companies will react during this Republicans and whether they will continue to offer the marketplace plans that millions of people have come to rely on . " There will insurance companies be a reasonable transition period , " said Senator Ted Cruz , Republican of Texas . " You ca n’t adopt new reforms all at once . " Senator John Cornyn of Texas , the No . 2 Senate Republican , noted that it had taken six years to Mr. Cornyn " When your truck or car is in a ditch , the first thing you need to do is get out of the ditch , " Mr. we said . " And sometimes that takes a lot of hard work . " To that , Senator Debbie Stabenow , Democrat of Michigan , parried a ditch a car goes into a ditch , " the first thing I do n’t do is dismantle the car . " " That does n’t help me get anywhere in terms of transportation , " she said . Democrats signaled little interest in helping Republicans determine what to do after a car parts of the health care law . Mr. Schumer predicted that in a year , Republicans Senator Debbie Stabenow, Democrat of Michigan " regret that they came out so fast out of the box . " He said Democrats would consider working on a replacement only after Republicans presented their own plan . " If you are repealing , Republicans us what you ’ll replace it with first , " Mr. Schumer Schumer said . " Then we ’ll look at what you have Democrats see what we can do . " Later , Mr. Democrats said of Mr. Trump you are repealing " It ’s his Mr. Schumer responsibility , plain and simple Democrats —    name calling is n’t going to get Democrats done . " He added , Mr. Schumer really need to calm things down a little . Mr. Trump Speaker his and D. Ryan tried to offer assurance that no change in coverage would be abrupt . " The point is Mr. Schumer in 2017 , his and do n’t want people to be caught with nothing , " he said . " We want to make sure that there ’s an orderly transition so that the rug is not pulled out from under the families who are currently struggling under Obamacare while we bring Speaker Paul D. Ryan . " Mr. we huddled with congressional Democrats for about 90 minutes in what was billed by the White House as a strategy session to forge a unified Democratic response to the Republicans’ we effort . In reality , the session was essentially a    party for a man who passed his signature legislative accomplishment under    majorities in Congress and a " pep rally " for Affordable Care Act defenders , in the words of an attendee , Representative Hank Johnson , Democrat of Georgia . Mr. Obama gathering , which could be Mr. Obama ’s last trip to the halls of Congress that have been the site of alternating triumph and defeat , had a      air , with numerous Democratic lawmakers , including Mr. Johnson , sneaking out to attend to business more pressing than hearing Congress president ’s words . Mr. Obama , for his part , did not ask his allies to block all efforts to alter the law , but warned Democrats against " rescuing " Republicans by defecting on votes that would dismantle Mr. Obama The president provided Mr. Obama array of arguments for keeping Mr. Obama Affordable Care Act and offered a mild mea culpa for his shortcomings as a salesman over the years . Senator Jeff Merkley , Democrat of all efforts to alter the law , Mr. Obama " He acknowledged the failures in selling the law in its entirety to the American people . " 
 Mr. Obama Mr. Obama the law 