Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton collided in an almost unremittingly hostile debate on Sunday night , a    spectacle of character attacks , tawdry allegations , and Mr. Trump ’s startling accusation that Hillary Clinton had " tremendous hate in her Hillary Clinton . " In a remarkable political maneuver , Mr. Mr. Trump Mrs. Hillary Clinton smeared women who accused her husband Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton , of sexually assaulting or harassing them , seeking women who accused her husband, Bill Clinton, of sexually assaulting or harassing them salvage his presidential candidacy Mr. Trump explosive reports about his past lewd Mr. Trump about women . Tense at first , and then increasingly angry as he grew more Mr. Trump on the attack , Mr. Trump noted Mr. Trump of Mr. Clinton ’s accusers were sitting in the audience . It was one of several moments when Mr. Trump aimed to Mr. Trump most conservative supporters and Mr. Trump a wedge between them and the elected Republican his most conservative supporters who have been abandoning him . He even threatened Mr. Trump if Mr. Trump were up to him , Mrs. Clinton would Mr. Trump be in jail " for her use of a private Mrs. Clinton server as secretary of state . Both candidates were visibly uneasy throughout the debate , even refusing to shake hands at the beginning , as the town hall event unfolded on a small stage in a highly charged atmosphere . It was a deeply ugly moment in American politics , featuring the sort of personal invective rarely displayed by those who aspire to lead the nation . " Bill American abusive to women . Hillary Clinton attacked those same women Bill Clinton    attacked them viciously , " Mr. Trump said those same women   arguing that the accusations against Mr. Clinton were " far worse " Bill Clinton Trump ’s own remarks in 2005 that Mr. Trump grope women because he was " a Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump for those comments but also repeatedly Mr. Trump as "   talk , " and even tried those comments blame Mrs. Clinton for raising them in light of Bill Clinton ’s behavior . " She those comments up words that I said 11 years Bill Clinton   —    I think it ’s disgraceful , and she should be ashamed of herself , to tell Bill Clinton the truth , " Bill Clinton Trump said to scattered applause . Mrs. Clinton did not specifically rebut his charges about Bill Clinton , saying only , " So much Mr. Trump Bill Clinton he just said is not right . " Instead , she broadened Mr. Trump indictment of Mr. Trump beyond the 2005 Bill Clinton , Bill Clinton him for refusing to Mr. Trump for his many inflammatory statements . " Mr. Trump never apologizes to anybody for anything Mr. Trump " Mrs. Clinton said . Mr. Trump unfurled a litany of his Bill Clinton including his mocking Bill Clinton Gold Star family , accusing a Hispanic Mr. Trump of being biased Mr. Trump virtue of his ethnicity , ridiculing a reporter who has a disability , and falsely claiming a Hispanic judge President Obama was not born in America . " Yes , this is who Donald Trump is , " Mrs. Clinton said about his 2005 remarks . " The question for us , the question our country Donald Trump answer , is that this is not who we are . us After a tumultuous political weekend , the debate was watched us closely by Republican members of Congress , who are deciding whether to join dozens of elected officials who have broken away from the party ’s nominee . Mr. Trump ’s performance was    enough that no more Republican officials disavowed him in the immediate aftermath of the debate , and it prompted his running Mr. Trump’s , Gov. Mike Pence of the debate to assure him via Twitter Mr. Trump’s would remain on the ticket after Mr. Trump ’s " big Mr. Trump’s win . Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump ’s attacks on the Mr. Trump’s —    including a promise that , as Mr. Trump’s he would appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Mrs. Clinton ’s email practices   —    were Mr. Trump’s even in a presidential campaign that has often seemed like a race to the bottom because of Mr. Trump ’s     assaults on his rivals . But no single answer by Mr. Trump seemed Mr. Trump’s rest the controversy over his Mr. Trump’s remarks . As much as he apologized Mr. Trump’s did not confess or reveal anything new about his treatment Mr. Trump’s women over the years . Instead Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s between sounding chastened or defensive and trying to Mr. Trump’s his base , which remains deeply hostile to Mrs. Mr. Trump’s He did so by blasting Mrs. Clinton relentlessly over her State Mr. Trump’s email and repeatedly interrupting her , barely concealing his contempt Mr. Trump’s He said again that Mrs. Clinton should be " Mrs. Clinton " of herself for deleting some Mrs. Clinton the personal Mr. Trump’s she sent Mr. Trump’s secretary of state . Mrs. Clinton , you did n’t delete them ? Mrs. Clinton he said sarcastically . Mrs. Clinton , Mrs. Clinton exasperated , shot back : " O. K. Donald . I know you ’re Mr. Trump’s big diversion tonight   — Mrs. Clinton to avoid talking about your campaign and the way it ’s exploding and the way Republicans are leaving you . " At several points , Mr. Trump expressed his frustration with the moderators , Anderson Cooper of CNN and Martha Raddatz of ABC , demanding that Mr. Cooper focus more on one of Mr. Trump Clinton ’s biggest vulnerabilities , her email . " Why are n’t you bringing up the emails ? " he asked , before flatly accusing the moderators of conspiring against Mrs. Clinton . " It ’s nice , one on three , " he said Mr. Cooper Mr. Trump appeared more confident and aggressive than he had in the first debate , often dismissing Mrs. Clinton ’s arguments out Mr. Cooper hand and painting her as a politician " for 30 Mr. Trump " who had no record of accomplishment . Mrs. Clinton just words , folks it ’s just words Mrs. Clinton " he said about Mrs. Clinton ’s policy proposals .    minutes later , he added , " It ’s all talk It no action . " Mr. Mr. Trump made little Mrs. Clinton , effort to appeal to moderate voters , instead Mr. Trump a series of insults at Mrs. Clinton . At one point , Mr. Trump member pressed him about whether he could be a " devoted president " for all Americans , and he said Mrs. Clinton he could be , without acknowledging that his comments over the Mr. Trump year had Mr. Trump extraordinarily divisive . Instead , he attacked Mrs. Clinton . " She Mr. Trump our people ‘ Mr. Trump a large group , and irredeemable Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump said , invoking a comment that Mrs. Clinton made Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton what she said Mrs. Clinton half of Mr. Trump ’s supporters . Mrs. Clinton ’s response reflected a strategy of hers throughout the town    debate Mrs. Clinton to engage directly with the undecided Mrs. Clinton in the audience who asked Mr. Trump questions Mrs. Clinton her empathetic side . " Mr. Carter Mrs. Clinton " she said , naming the man who asked the question , " I have tried my entire life to do what I can to support Mrs. Clinton and families . You know , right out Mrs. Clinton law school , I went to work for the Children ’s Defense Fund . And Donald talks a lot about , you know , the 30 years I ’ve been in public service . I ’m proud of that . " Mr. Trump , however , was far less concerned with connecting with the voters seated in front of him than with attacking Mrs. Clinton in ways that would rally his voters behind him , and against the Republican officials who have been coming out against him . " She ’s lied about a lot of Mr. Trump , " Mr. Trump said , contending that Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump shift to Mr. Trump the    Partnership trade deal was a falsehood . Moments later , Mr. Trump painted her Mrs. Clinton some of his most vicious language of the campaign Mr. Trump She has tremendous hate in Mrs. Clinton , " Mr. Trump said . " She has tremendous hatred . " In that moment Mr. Trump several others Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to bait Mrs. Clinton into lashing out , just Mrs. Clinton she did to great Mrs. Clinton during their first debate . But she kept Mrs. Clinton composure , while Mr. Trump often seemed disgusted and running at a Mr. Trump . He even Mrs. Clinton the Republicans now disavowing him , saying Mrs. Clinton should have done a better job holding Mrs. Clinton accountable Mrs. Clinton her Mrs. Clinton . " I am Mr. Trump in congressmen , including Republicans , for allowing this to happen Mr. Trump " he said . He also used Mr. Trump question about the Republicans now disavowing him Pence ’s    rhetoric on Mrs. Clinton last week ’s Mrs. Clinton debate to breezily dismiss his running mate . " He and I have n’t spoken , and I disagree , " Mr. Mr. Trump said . Mr. Trump Clinton found herself on the defensive more than Mr. Trump Bill Clinton , as Bill Clinton Trump showed himself capable of some agility . Mr. Trump the moderators challenged her Mr. Trump revelations that in one of her paid speeches , she Bill Clinton asserted that politicians needed a " the first debate private Bill Clinton " in making deals , she gave a meandering the moderators Mr. Trump remarks related Mr. Trump the Bill Clinton of the Steven Spielberg film " Bill Clinton . " Mr. Trump pounced . " She got caught in a total lie , " he said . Bill Clinton Now she ’s blaming the lie on the late Mr. Trump Abraham Lincoln Bill Clinton " As some audience members laughed , he added , Mr. Trump Honest Abe never lied . " Mrs. Clinton also had several strong moments , especially early in the Bill Clinton when she reminded voters of Mr. Trump Trump ’s recent attacks on a former Miss Bill Clinton the debate weight . At one point , Mr. Trump dissembled when he was pressed by a moderator about why Mr. Trump posted on Twitter before dawn to accuse the beauty queen , Alicia Machado , of recording a Mr. Trump . " It Mr. Trump n’t ‘ check out a Twitter tape,’ Mr. Trump he said at the debate . Mr. Trump had in fact tweeted , " Check out sex tape . " The night the debate dramatic fashion . Shortly before the debate , Mr. Mr. Trump held a brief news conference Mr. Trump Louis with three women   —    Paula the debate Juanita Broaddrick and Kathleen Willey   —    who allege that Mr. Clinton sexually assaulted or Mr. Trump during his years in office in Bill Clinton as president . They were joined by a fourth woman , Kathy Shelton , who was 12 when she was raped by a     in Arkansas Mrs. Clinton represented the Mr. Trump , who ultimately pleaded guilty to a reduced charge . Only in the final minutes was there a brief three women   in the warfare . One audience member asked the candidates to three women   something positive about each other , and Mrs. Clinton reached for a common answer to such questions . " Look , Arkansas his children , " she said . " His children are incredibly able and devoted , and I think Bill Clinton says a lot about Donald . " Mr. Trump thanked her for the " very nice compliment , " and then offered his own . Bill Clinton I will say this about Hillary : She does n’t quit , she does One audience member give up , " Mr. Trump . " his children a fighter . " A moment later Donald after the Mr. Trump concluded the debate , Mr. Trump reached out his hand , and Mrs. Clinton shook it . 
 Bill Clinton the debate Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the moderators Hillary Hillary Hillary his hand 