SALT LAKE CITY   —    Donald J. Trump has vowed to turn blue states red in November , but as Donald J. Trump continues to rattle Republicans with Donald J. Trump combative style and provocative proposals , voters in some of the country ’s most conservative strongholds are considering a radical idea : supporting Hillary Clinton . The dilemma posed by this year ’s choice of candidates is perhaps most apparent here in Utah , a mountain state that has not backed a Democrat for president since Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 . More than 50 years later , a large Mormon population with a strong distaste for Mr. Trump has left the state up for grabs , and with a substantial Mormon presence spilling into places such as Arizona , Idaho and Nevada , what would normally be a Republican safe zone could be surprisingly competitive . With the Clinton campaign looking to put    states in play , the decision for many Mormon voters in Utah has become agonizing as many Mormon voters in Utah digest Mr. Trump ’s stances toward Muslims in light of Muslims own history as an    religion , and as Mr. Trump " America First " message repels    Mormons who travel the world on missions and who welcome refugees . " People who normally vote Republican are in a terrible state of ambivalence right now , " said Tim Chambless , a political scientist at the University of Utah . " People who normally vote Republican are so undecided . People who normally vote Republican want to vote , but People who normally vote Republican are n’t sure how to vote . " The first signs of Mr. Trump ’s troubles in Utah date to early March , when Mitt Romney , the 2012 Republican presidential nominee and a Mormon who is beloved in Utah , gave a speech here warning that Americans were being duped by Mr. Mr. Trump Later that month , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump by Senator Ted Cruz in the state ’s caucuses , winning a paltry 14 percent of the vote . In June , two polls showed Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton deadlocked in Utah , making it increasingly plausible that its six electoral it are really in play . With three months until the election , the Clinton campaign is Mrs. Clinton considering a possible upset in Utah , the Utah candidate Gary Johnson is aggressively wooing disenchanted Republicans , and on Monday word came that Evan McMullin , a Mormon who is a former C. I. A. official opposed to Mr. Trump , was entering the race . Voters such as Angie Melton , who has never voted for a Democrat , are feeling deeply torn . " I ’m upset by this turn of events , " Ms. Melton , 41 , said as she sat in the shade with her family next she the towering Salt Lake Temple , the center of Mormonism . " I ’ve always voted Republican , but my thought has been that she would be she damaging in terms of world politics , " she said , she to Mrs. Clinton . she does n’t mean that I agree with much of anything she says or her she a person she " Ms. Melton added , " but I would rather that she win . " she    is common as trepidations about Mr. Trump grow . On substance and style , he evokes an antipathy Mr. Trump many Mormons that is rooted in culture , religion and history . For a religious group that was driven to Utah during the 19th century in the face of persecution , Mr. Trump ’s calls Mr. Trump tests and a ban on Muslim migration echo a painful past , leaving some wondering if they will be next . Muslim migration The issue of religious liberty is an important one in the state , and the notion of a religious test for immigration raises deep concerns , " said Chris Karpowitz , a director of Brigham Young University ’s Center for the Study of Elections and Democracy . " Mormons are sensitive to issues like this because of their own history . " Mormons Smith founded the Church of Jesus Christ of    Saints in upstate New York in 1830 . Converts , however , were often targeted as heretics for practicing polygamy , believing in scriptures exclusive to Mormonism and saying that their faith was the true Mormonism of Christianity . Most Mormons were Democrats in the 19th century , Professor Karpowitz notes , because of Republican opposition to polygamy , but they started to move to Most Mormons right in the 20th century . By the time the 2012 presidential election came around , with Mr. Romney as the candidate , 90 percent of Utah ’s Mormons voted Republican . That number is expected to drop significantly this year with Mr. Trump atop the ticket . His shifting positions on social Mr. Trump , his    views on immigration Mr. Trump his flashy lifestyle clash with Mr. Trump sensibilities that prize humility and charity . And there is his stance against taking in Mr. Trump from abroad . " His rhetoric and the church Mr. Trump rhetoric on refugees could not be more different , " said J. Quin Monson , an author of " Seeking the Promised Land : Mormons and American Politics . " Mr. Trump ’s ascendance has also divided Utah ’s lawmakers , with some reluctantly saying they will support the nominee some others showing resistance . Among the holdouts is Senator Mike Lee , a Mormon whose opposition to Mr. Trump stalled in a Mr. Trump at the Republican convention last month . He articulated in a June interview Mr. Trump the candidate was unpopular , pointing to statements that he said reflected religious intolerance . Mr. Trump My state consists of members who were a religious minority church   —    a people who were ordered exterminated by the governor of Missouri in 1839 , and statements like that make them nervous , " Mr. Lee a people who were ordered exterminated by the governor of Missouri in 1839 . Facing a Mr. Trump fight against a Democrat , Representative Mia Love , a rising Republican star , skipped the party ’s convention in Cleveland and gave up her role as a delegate . She has not said if she will her for Mr. Trump . her have even been some defections . Mark Madsen , a Republican state senator who did attend the convention as a delegate , abandoned the party in frustration in late July the party a Libertarian . Mr. Madsen , who is Mormon , said Mark Madsen, a Republican state senator who did attend the convention as a delegate into supporting Mr. Trump . " It Mark Madsen, a Republican state senator who did attend the convention as a delegate hard Mark Madsen, a Republican state senator who did attend the convention as a delegate Mr. Trump where he is on issues because he ’s all over the place , " Mr. Mark Madsen, a Republican state senator who did attend the convention as a delegate said . " I Mark Madsen, a Republican state senator who did attend the convention as a delegate he ’s frankly boorish and banal . Mark Madsen, a Republican state senator who did attend the convention as a delegate opportunity in the air , Mr. Mark Madsen, a Republican state senator who did attend the convention as a delegate ’s opponents are watching Utah closely . Mr. Trump has a strong libertarian streak , and Mr. Johnson , whose campaign headquarters is Utah Lake City , has been returning regularly in hopes that he can capitalize on dissatisfaction with Mr. Trump . That Mr. Trump was governor in nearby New Mr. Trump help his cause Mr. Trump although if he siphons votes away from Mr. Mr. Trump , it could benefit Mr. Trump Clinton . Democrats are Mr. Trump Utah seriously . While they realize that their improved chances in the state are not because their nominee has suddenly surged in popularity Democrats the party Democrats be happy to Utah losing streak . Democrats This is the first time since the    the state Republican Party Democratic presidential candidate could win in the state Republican Party , " said Peter Corroon , the party ’s chairman in the state . " Unfortunately , it ’s not because of the Democrat , it ’s the state Republican Party Republican Utah Nonetheless , the Clinton campaign has staff on the state Republican Party ground in Utah , and it is the state Republican Party former President Bill Clinton to the state for a    event this week . The campaign would not Utah if Mrs. the Clinton campaign would make a trip Utah own , but the possibility remains . " There is no the Clinton campaign Donald Trump ’s offensive rhetoric former President Bill Clinton Utah more competitive than before , former President Bill Clinton we will continue to assess our options in the state , " said Marlon Marshall , the Clinton Utah ’s director of state campaigns and political engagement . Young Republican Utah as we Weidman give Democrats hope . Sitting outside a soda the Clinton campaign , Ms. Weidman explained that after supporting Mr. Romney four years ago Mr. Romney would vote for Mrs. Clinton in November . " I think it ’s the lesser of two evils Mary Weidman Ms. Weidman , 27 , said , expressing dismay over how Mary Weidman Trump talks former President Bill Clinton " When you think of a leader , he lacks every trait . " Despite such sentiments , it is risky to count Republicans out . While the Trump campaign had no Mr. Trump about its strategy , the state Republican Party said a leader Mr. Trump ’s team was up and running in Utah Utah Longtime conservatives who Mr. Trump the Clinton campaign for Mrs. Clinton could have second the Clinton campaign Election Day . " Republicans at this point are a little unhappy with Trump , but they Mr. Trump going to vote for him , " said Mr. Trump’s team was up and running in Utah Evans , the chairman of the state party . That appeared to be the case for Nathan Alder , a     Republican Mormon who goes to Utah Valley Republicans in Orem . " I do n’t the state Republican Party but I Mr. Trump will vote for him , " Mr. Mr. Trump said , explaining that his worries about Mr. Alder temperament . " I am pretty torn . I ’m not going to lie . Mr. Trump 