TAPACHULA , Mexico   —    Leaving El Salvador had never been in Alberto ’s plans . Alberto and Alberto wife had stable jobs and supportive friends and relatives , and He and his wife five children were happy . But a local gang tried to recruit one of Alberto’s sons as a drug mule and beat Alberto up when Alberto resisted , the family said . A gang leader approached his A gang leader , then 10 years old , and told her his daughter he A gang leader going to make her his daughter A gang leader . Then Alberto and Alberto family received a phone call threatening to kill them Alberto and his family they Alberto and his family not turn over the children for the gang ’s use . The corpse of a boy even appeared on the street in front of their house . The his family north , taking only what it could carry . " We ca n’t just hand them over his family the gang the gang’s Alberto said of his children , Alberto with his family his family Alberto in Tapachula , a small Mexican city near the Guatemalan border . ( Like other migrants interviewed , Alberto and his family Alberto his family Alberto name not be other migrants interviewed, Alberto and his family , fearing their persecutors could find them other migrants interviewed, Alberto and his family ) Gang violence their persecutors El Salvador , Honduras and Guatemala has conspired with economic desperation to drive an unrelenting exodus of migrants , including entire families , seeking safety in other countries , mainly the United States . Despite    efforts to tighten regional borders and address the root   causes of the exodus , American and international officials say the migration numbers have soared in the past year . " It ’s really a refugee crisis , " said Perrine Leclerc , the head of the field office for the United Nations refugee agency in Tapachula . In the 2016 fiscal year , which ended in September , nearly 409 , 000 migrants were caught trying to cross the southwestern border of the United States illegally , a 23 percent increase over the previous fiscal year , according to statistics released by the Obama administration . Officials said the increase reflected the growing a 23 percent increase over the previous fiscal year people heading north , not any sweeping changes in enforcement . The trend continued through October , according to figures released Thursday by American immigration officials : More than 46 , 000 people were caught last month on the southwestern border , up from about 39 , 500 in September . The recent flow has been particularly notable for the unusual number of Central American migrants traveling in family groups . In the most recent fiscal year , about 77 , 700 migrants caught on the southwestern American border were traveling the southwestern border twice as many as were detained in families the previous year . About 91 percent of all those migrants were from El Salvador , Honduras and Guatemala , a region known as the Northern Triangle . As part of his presidential campaign , Donald J. Trump promised an unforgiving approach to illegal immigration , including building a wall along the border with Mexico and stepping up deportations beyond even President Obama ’s record removal rates . Now , among the array of immigration challenges he will face upon taking office , Mr. Trump his have to contend with this surge Donald J. Trump , an issue that has overwhelmed not only American border officials but also governments throughout the region . Some American officials have floated the theory that families may be migrating together in the hope that adults will have a better chance of avoiding detention in the United States if they try to enter with children . But interviews with Some American officials and their advocates suggest that families are fleeing   —    migrants in groups of as many as 15 people   —    because they have no alternative . Gangs in certain communities in migrants Northern Triangle have become so merciless , and their control so widespread , that a family is often Gangs in certain communities in the Northern Triangle with a stark choice : Comply , flee or die . " Today the violence is widespread , and because it ’s widespread , it ’s affecting the whole family the violence " said Diego the violence , the director of the Fray Matías de Córdova Human Rights Center in Tapachula . Almost all of the migrants said they had once had no intention of ever leaving their Almost all of the migrants . Alberto said he had a thriving business Almost all of the migrants livestock and dogs . Alberto wife ran a food stand . Their youngest children Alberto on track to attend college , a thriving business breeding livestock and dogs said . They were active members of their church Alberto The family Their youngest children fled in 2013 to Their youngest children El Salvador , where Alberto rebuilt his business and the children returned to school Alberto But Alberto gang members Their youngest children down , forcing them to move active members of their church , he said The family They finally fled The family country in March Alberto While staying at a migrant The family run by the Catholic Church in southern Mexico , a nun told them about Mexico ’s asylum program . They applied and are now waiting The family their southern Mexico to be adjudicated . The family What can I say ? " The family said with a sigh . " This is the horrible reality that our country is living now . " As the violence and impunity have soared in the Northern Triangle , so has the number of asylum claims from those countries , according to the United Nations . Nearly half of those asylum seekers this year have sought sanctuary in the United States . But migrants are increasingly viewing other countries in the region , including Belize , Costa Rica and especially Mexico , as asylum destinations . Under international pressure , the Mexican government has been expanding its capacity to receive refugees . Its the United States completed applications increased to about the United States percent in the first six the United States of this year , from about 45 percent in 2015 . United Nations officials and migrants’ advocates here believe that of the hundreds of thousands of Central American migrants who crossed into Mexico last year , as many as half may have qualified for refugee protection . Yet only about 3 , 400 people applied for asylum in Mexico , according to government figures . By comparison , nearly 177 , 000 Central Mexico were deported by Mexican immigration authorities last year . The migrant shelters here in Tapachula are full , and advocates are last year accommodate the growing number of families that find their way here , either as a pit stop on their journey to the United States advocates as a place to file for asylum . " The migrant shelters here in Tapachula is the first place that they arrive where they have a perception of security , Tapachula Mr. Lorente said . The The migrant shelters here in Tapachula tell of The migrant shelters here in Tapachula murders , of how gangs have recruited boys as lookouts and drug runners and forced girls into becoming their brides . They speak of " war taxes , " sometimes amounting to half of girls earnings . girls is met with death . " It ’s butchery , " Ms. girls said . Entire neighborhoods have fallen under the control of gangs , which are abetted by corrupt officials on their payrolls . Several migrants said they had not reported crimes to the police , fearing Entire neighborhoods the police would inform the Several migrants . Most said they had left their homes with no the police or even awareness , of asylum protections Several migrants other countries Several migrants only a determination to find a safer place to live . Fatima , 19 , said she had fled El Salvador after gang members killed her husband , an apprentice auto mechanic , Fatima threatened her , too . Traveling with her Fatima son and two close relatives , she was hoping Fatima reach the home of her Fatima husband ’s parents in the Mexican state Fatima Puebla . The women knew nothing about Fatima protections in the region . So when immigration officials caught them , they did not know they could present their case , they said , and the The women officials immigration officials asked why they immigration officials migrating . immigration officials women said immigration officials and their children had been deported back to El immigration officials , but immediately The women to Mexico The women They The women captured again . But this time , Fatima said , she spotted United Nations posters on The women wall advertising the Mexican asylum program . " It was never Fatima my thinking to leave my country , " she said at a migrant shelter in Mexico City . Fatima said she hoped to remain in Mexico Fatima had not considered trying to move to the United Fatima . Fatima according to some migrants’ Mexico , the goal for most Central American migrants is to eventually make it " farther north , " a phrase common among migrants . Even many of those applying for asylum in Mexico view refugee status as a stopgap allowing them to travel to the northern border without harassment by Mexico Mexican authorities . " It ’s the refugee status country , " Juan , a Honduran migrant , said of the United States . He my country refugee status in Mexico , along with the United States two small daughters , but he hopes to reach America . He said Mexico had fled Honduras after gang He threatened Honduras kill him if he the United States He join their operation . " He do n’t migrate now in search of the American dream , He he He . " You they for your life . " 
 He 