If you want to get some women mad , there are more ways than by electing Donald Trump . Try doing what The New York Times did : writing a story about a bunch of fathers in Montclair , N. J. who had to endure the hardship of watching their children for a day while their wives attended protest marches in Washington and New York . " In their wake , " a story about a bunch of fathers in Montclair, N. J. who had to endure the hardship of watching their children for a day while their wives attended protest marches in Washington and New York said , " they their behind a progressive bedroom community with suddenly skewed demographics . Routines were radically altered , and many fathers tried to meet weekend demands alone for a change . " Poor daddies . Poor kids . The headline on the home page did n’t help matters : " When ‘ Mommy Has to March,’ Routines Shift . " Ouch . The headline on the a story about a bunch of fathers in Montclair, N. J. who had to endure the hardship of watching their children for a day while their wives attended protest marches in Washington and New York this : " How Vital Are Women ? This Town Found Out as They Left to March . " As you might imagine , the story a story about a bunch of fathers in Montclair, N. J. who had to endure the hardship of watching their children for a day while their wives attended protest marches in Washington and New York than a few readers the wrong way . Hannah Laurison of Philadelphia had this to say : And here ’s Jessica Wilbanks from Houston : " There is so much wrong with this piece that it ’s hard this piece know where to start . How is it a hardship this piece wealthy men in a privileged community are taking care of their own offspring wealthy men in a privileged community less than 24 hours ? " Not to be left out , people chimed in on Twitter , including this dad : The Huffington Post beat me to my job with a good piece on the matter that it posted this The Huffington Post . Check it out here The Huffington Post There is pretty much nothing about this piece that I think was wisely considered , for all the reasons readers already articulated . The staff produced some strong , readable coverage of the march in New York , but this was n’t among it . Here The staff the silver lining , and the part I found exhilarating . The Metro editor , Wendell Jamieson , whose section produced the piece , unequivocally acknowledged that it was a mistake . " It was a it was a mistake idea from the " Jamieson said . " It was conceived it was a mistake the best intentions , but it fell flat it was a mistake And I regret it . " it was a mistake . Needless to say , I agree . 
 