Donald J. Trump publicly retreated from Donald J. Trump " birther " campaign on Friday , tersely acknowledging that President Obama was born in the United States   —    and effectively conceding that the conspiracy theory Donald J. Trump had promoted for years was baseless . Donald J. Trump made no apology for and took no questions about what had amounted to a     smear of the nation ’s first black president . Instead , he Donald J. Trump , falsely , that questions about Mr. President Obama were initially stirred by the Democratic presidential nominee , Hillary Clinton , in her unsuccessful primary the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton against Mr. Obama in 2008 . Still , Mr. Trump ’s brief remarks , tacked on to the end of a campaign appearance with military veterans at his new hotel Mr. Trump downtown Washington , represented a sharp reversal from a position he had publicly Mr. Trump , over howls of outrage from all but the    extreme of the political spectrum , since 2011 . " President Barack Obama was born in the United States , period , " Mr. Trump said . " Now , we all want to get back to making America strong and great again . " Earlier Friday , Mr. Trump sought Mr. Trump interest in his eventual statement on Mr. Trump birther views , Mr. Trump Fox Business that he would save his Mr. Trump for the Mr. Trump event at his hotel because " Mr. Trump have to keep the suspense going . " Mr. Trump ’s embrace Mr. Trump refusal to disavow the birther issue helped drive his standing among black voters Mr. Trump historically low levels , with some public opinion polls showing him supported by zero percent Mr. Trump   . Given his other racially incendiary statements Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s aides privately Mr. Trump fear he will be unable aides shake Mr. Trump of charges that he is racist , a label Mr. Trump has stuck to him with deleterious effect , polls Mr. Trump . Mindful that the birther issue could also haunt Mr. Trump in his first debate Mr. Trump Clinton , Mr. Trump Sept. 26 , his aides tried for several days to Mr. Trump it to rest . But Mr. Trump himself revived the issue late Mr. Trump in an interview the birther issue Washington Post to acknowledge that Mr. Obama was born in Hawaii . In his brief Mrs. Clinton accusation Mr. Trump —    which Mr. Trump have been pressing for weeks   —    Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton first raised doubts eight years ago about Mr. Obama ’s birthplace . " Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy , " Mr. Trump said Mrs. Clinton I finished Mrs. Clinton . " Mr. Trump 2008 Democratic contest , a senior strategist for Mrs. Clinton at one point the birther controversy , in an internal memo that was later leaked , the ways Mrs. Clinton Mr. Obama ’s personal background differed from those of many Americans . But contrary to Mr. Trump ’s assertion , neither Mrs. Clinton nor her campaign Mr. Trump questioned Mr. Obama ’s citizenship or birthplace . The topic was such a fringe issue within Clinton Republican Party that in Mr. Obama’s conservatives , including Ann Coulter , now a vocal Trump supporter , called on Mr. Trump to stop pursuing it . Mr. Trump Trump ’s aides , Mr. Trump statement late Thursday , tried to Mr. Trump he had actually " ended " the birther issue . Mr. Trump ’s spokesman Mr. Trump Jason Miller , asserted   —    also falsely Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump had " obtained " Mr. Obama ’s birth certificate the president actually released the Mr. Trump in 2011 . " Mr. Trump did a great service to the president and the country by bringing closure to the Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton and her team first raised , " Mr. Miller said . Mr. Trump ’s remarks on Friday came after Mr. Obama , in a brief exchange with reporters Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump House , again expressed scorn for the subject . " I was pretty confident about where I was born , " he said . " I think most people were as well . My hope would be that the presidential Mr. Trump reflects more serious issues than that . " Two of Mr. Trump ’s top advisers   —    his campaign manager , Kellyanne Conway , and former Mayor Rudolph Mr. Trump of New York   —    said Mr. Trump recent days that Mr. Trump had come to believe that Mr. Obama was born in the United States . But Mr. Trump refused Mr. Trump so . " I ’ll answer that question at the right time , " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the Washington Post interview . " I just do n’t want to answer it yet . " The Mr. Trump made clear that it would not let Mr. Trump slide on the subject . In a speech to the   Black Women ’s Agenda symposium in Washington on Friday   Mr. Trump before Mr. Trump made The Clinton campaign statement   —    Mrs. Clinton said Mr. Trump owed Mr. Obama and the country an apology . " For Mr. Trump he has Mr. Trump the birther movement to delegitimize our first Mr. Trump , " Mrs. Clinton said Clinton His campaign was founded on this outrageous Mr. Trump . " She added , " There is no erasing it in history . " Representative James E. Mr. Trump of South Carolina , Clinton of the Congressional Black Caucus , said Mr. Trump was making such pronounced racial Clinton that critics had struggled to adjust . His campaign One of things that Mr. Clyburn . " But the thing that we are not used to , and I ’m finding it very difficult to get used to , are the howls of wolves . These are howls . These are not whistles . " Mr. Trump must improve his standing with suburban moderates who shrink from backing someone accused of racism . we his remarks on Friday seemed unlikely to make much of a dent . Connie Keys , 54 , a     mother in Montclair , N. the howls of wolves said These Trump still seemed not to accept Mr. Obama as Mr. Trump . " He makes it sounds like , ‘ I should be thanked , Mr. Trump should be applauded , because I ’m the one who finally told the country that the president was born here,’ when in fact the voters decided Mr. Trump themselves when we elected President Obama twice , " said Ms. Keys Mr. Obama who is white . The birther issue brought Mr. Trump attention and vaulted him to the front of Republican primary polls in 2011 as he considered a Mr. Obama bid . He claimed , without ever offering evidence , that he the voters hired the voters , and said they " can not believe what they ’re finding . " Mr. Obama , frustrated by the degree to which questions about his citizenship were spreading and attention was being diverted him federal budget discussions , released his him birth certificate that April . " We do him have time for this kind of investigators , " he said . investigators Trump , who was en route to New Hampshire for a political trip at the him , took a victory lap . " I am really honored , frankly , him have played such a big role in hopefully , hopefully , getting rid of this issue , " he him reporters . But he still refused to accept that Mr. Obama ’s birth certificate was authentic . " We have to look at it to see if it ’s real , " he said . On Friday , Senator Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina , a frequent critic of Mr. him , said he was him that Mr. Trump " now rejects the crazy idea President Obama was n’t born in America . " But Mr. Obama’s birth certificate was authentic warned that this Mr. Obama’s birth certificate was authentic not end the discussion him " The problem he ’ll have is that he was a leader of this movement , " Mr. Graham said . " him do n’t think he did the country a service , himself a service or the party a service by pushing this him hard and so long . " Democrats seized on Mr. Trump ’s him as a litmus test him Republican candidates . " He continues to disqualify himself , and yet Republican Senate candidates continue to him by his side , " said Sadie Weiner , a spokeswoman for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee . She said Republican candidates needed to say " if they think Donald Trump should apologize to the American people for the absurd him he has spread him President Obama and why they continue to support a campaign him provides a safe harbor for this type of disgusting race baiting . " Mr. Trump took Sadie Weiner, a spokeswoman for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee questions after his remarks about Mr. Obama . Republican candidates Mr. Trump questions , he smiled and left the room . Not long Mr. Trump Mr. Trump structure holding up President Obama Mr. Trump had provided Republican candidates backdrop for his remarks collapsed Mr. Trump’s remarks on Friday to the Mr. Obama No one was hurt . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s remarks on Friday 