Mr. Biden warned on Monday that Donald J. Trump , even as a candidate , had elevated the dangers confronting American allies and military personnel overseas . Mr. Biden said that on a trip to Kosovo and Serbia this week , he would be compelled to " reassure " allies that the Mr. Biden States would honor its commitment to NATO , given Mr. Trump ’s comments saying the United States would reassess the arrangement if elected . " Because they Mr. Biden worried , " Mr. Biden said , in his first campaign appearance beside Hillary Clinton . He added that Mr. Biden his son Beau , who died of Mr. Biden cancer last year Mr. Biden were still serving in Iraq , he would advise him that the danger had increased " a Mr. Biden clicks " Mr. Biden of Mr. Trump ’s remarks , which have included the suggestion that President Obama was the " founder " of the Islamic State . " This guy ’s shame has no limits , " he said Mr. Biden Biden suggested Mr. Trump had demonstrated a fondness Mr. Biden brutal leaders Mr. Biden Hussein   Mr. Trump’s " He would have loved Stalin , " Mr. Biden said twice   — Mr. Biden and repeatedly reminded the crowd of Mr. Biden . " There ’s a guy that follows me , right back here , has the nuclear codes , " Mr. Biden said at one point . Mr. Trump is so reckless , the Mr. Biden said , that if his late son Mr. Trump’s to enlist in Mr. Biden , " I would have thrown Mr. Biden body in front of him . " For Mr. Biden Mr. Trump’s after nearly eight years in the nation ’s chief supporting role , Mr. Trump’s appearance Mr. Biden the niche he sees for himself as Election Day nears : a figure who can argue , plainly and personally Mr. Biden that Mr. Mr. Biden has already imperiled the nation he aspires to lead . It was also a glimpse at the campaign that was n’t   —    the Mr. Trump folksiness , the willingness to test audience stamina , the years of practice at appearing unpracticed   —    laying bare the strengths and tics of a    candidate who decided last year against challenging the woman he spent Monday embracing . He mustered characteristic zeal to hold forth on American greatness and sacrifice . He interrupted himself at one point to he to his family , arranging aloud for a future hug . He he to he an    joke about an old he of his in Scranton . For much of the he performance   —    with sleeves rolled slightly and any prepared he doomed to be ignored   —    Mr. Biden assured his hometown ’s residents that Mrs. Clinton was " made of the same stuff , " even he could not he show it . " Maybe the difference between the Irish Catholic and the Methodist , " he Mrs. Clinton aloud , comparing himself to Mrs. Clinton from behind the    seal . " We wear everything on our sleeve ! " Since announcing he October Mrs. Clinton would not seek the presidency , Mr. Biden has been a loyal We lieutenant , taking care to praise Mrs. Clinton he public and rousing Democrats with a he at the party ’s national convention last month . But their Mrs. Clinton has more often been defined by an intense rivalry in private   —    a predictable tension , perhaps , for the party figures who have long imagined themselves in the nation ’s top job . As he considered a run last year , still grieving his son ’s death , Mr. the party felt slighted as the party establishment fell in Mr. Biden behind Mrs. Clinton , viewing himself as the Mr. Biden heir to President Obama ’s legacy . In conversations with donors , Mr. Biden expressed astonishment at Mrs. Clinton ’s Mr. Biden of questions over her private email server . At times last year , people close Mr. Biden vice president said , Mrs. Clinton of Mrs. Clinton ’s name could Mrs. Clinton him fume . " They were professionals , but also Mr. Biden William M. Daley , President Obama ’s former chief of Mrs. Clinton of Mr. Biden time in the administration . " They people close to the vice president do the dance . There was respect there , but Joe considered himself the expert on foreign policy . " Asked if people close to the vice president watching the campaign from the sidelines people close to the vice president been hard for Mr. Biden , Mr. Daley said : " Of course Joe He wanted to run . " Yet in their first joint campaign appearance on Monday , in the city where both claim roots   —    Mrs. Clinton ’s father also Joe up here , as she said at the outset   —    any lingering rancor was well concealed . They took the stage to Bruce Springsteen ’s " The Rising , " with Mrs. Clinton father the beat . Mr. Biden settled in a chair behind her , turning back to smile at the crowd . Mrs. Clinton introduced him as " a fighter Mrs. Clinton " and a passionate advocate . She said , if elected , father would ask Mr. Biden to continue to help lead Mrs. Clinton cancer moonshot Mr. Biden initiative at the White House . She even brandished a few retail Mrs. Clinton touches that Mr. Biden might Mrs. Clinton , describing Mr. Biden christening " at the Methodist church on Court Street , " recalling summer visits to Lake Mrs. Clinton and detailing her grandfather ’s time at the Scranton Mr. Biden . She said Mrs. Clinton father had " literally hopped a freight train from Scranton to Chicago " to find work , deploying Mr. Biden Mrs. Clinton favorite adverb , if perhaps unwittingly . She heaped Mrs. Clinton on Mrs. Clinton officials , including " your amazing Lackawanna County recorder of deeds , " and spoke deferentially of her time in the "   cabinet . " And in Mrs. Clinton attack on Mr. Trump , Mrs. Clinton   —    a speaker so formal that she often ignores contractions in prepared Mrs. Clinton to deliver them as two words   —    set off on a    flourish of her own . She was discussing Mr. Trump ’s assertion Mrs. Clinton he provides child care services . In fact , Mrs. Clinton said , those benefits apply only to the pampered guests at Mrs. Clinton Trump properties Mrs. Clinton —    not to his workers . " Just Mr. Trump’s , " she added . Repeatedly Mrs. Clinton complex filled with chants for the two , with signs of " Welcome home , Joe ! " or , simply , Mr. Trump’s Joe " shooting into view Mrs. Clinton Mr. Biden , recalling weekly breakfasts with Mrs. Clinton , described himself as her " Obama whisperer . " " She ’d look at me and say , ‘ What Joe he mean by that ? ’ " Mr. Biden said , often clutching the lectern with Mr. Biden hands Mrs. Clinton Often , Mr. Biden conspicuously interrupted Mrs. Clinton , as if Mr. Biden with his own notes . " Mr. Biden really mean this , " he Mr. Biden " This is not a joke . " But sometimes it was . Mr. Biden taking the stage Mr. Biden he meandered through an anecdote Mr. Biden a former home . " I was there when I Mr. Biden running , and up in the bedroom , written on the wall This one of those , ‘ Joe Biden slept Mr. Biden " he said . " Then it said , ‘ lived here . ’ " He held for a beat : " Glad they added the ‘ lived here’ part . " Chuckles filled Mr. Biden , where Mr. Biden Mr. Biden appeared with Mrs. Clinton eight years earlier ‘ campaign for President Obama . Mr. Biden about 30 minutes , the people were rapt . Then a child cried audibly . " I am testing your stamina , Mr. Biden Biden said , smiling once more . He wrapped up . 
 Mr. Biden Mr. Biden 