Melissa    the speaker of the New York City Council , revealed this week that Melissa   the speaker of the New York City Council was the victim of sexual abuse as a child , saying at an emotional news conference that Melissa   the speaker of the New York City Council was compelled to go public in reaction to the video in which Donald J. Trump is heard boasting about foisting Donald J. Trump on women . " This is the first time I ever publicly talked about this , " Ms.    said on Thursday , speaking to reporters at City Hall and appearing at times to hold back tears . " Twenty percent of young girls unfortunately experience some form of sex abuse and molestation . " " And , " she added , pausing as she words caught in she throat , " I fall in that category . " Between the ages of 5 and 8 , I was molested by two different individuals at two different points in time , and it ’s a reality that you live with every day . " Ms.    47 , a Democrat , said she decided to speak out about she experience after watching the video of Mr. Trump that emerged last Friday , in which Mr. Trump is heard bragging of being able to kiss and grope women and get away with it because Mr. Trump was famous . Mr. Trump , now the Republican nominee for president , was speaking on the tape , recorded in 2005 , with Billy Bush , a host of the NBC program " Access Hollywood , " who was heard laughing and egging Mr. Trump on . " When you have an individual who is boasting about violating , and taking from , a woman something without a woman consent , I just could n’t anymore , " Ms.    said , adding that Ms.    public role gave Ms.    a responsibility to speak out . " And to have someone laughing and goading her public role gave her a responsibility to speak out and enabling her public role gave her a responsibility to speak out is just , it was very painful for Ms.    and her public role gave her a responsibility to speak out triggered things that I had n’t felt in a long time . " Ms.    first revealed her Ms.    trauma on Wednesday evening on Twitter , writing that one in five girls are " victims of child sex abuse . " She Ms.    , " I ’m that    5 . Trump ’s misogyny   sexual violence has reopened wounds I ’ve tried to heal . " She Ms.    it misogyny  sexual violence " # Basta , " which is Spanish for " enough . " Many people , including other elected officials , responded on Twitter by calling her Ms.    and offered their Many people, including other elected officials . A few minutes later , Ms.    posted on Twitter Twitter : " # NoMoreSilence I am empowered . And Strong . # FearMe . " While she Ms.    not provide further details at the news conference of the abuse , she Ms.    in anguished terms of her Ms.    and the difficulty of discussing it publicly . " It it a struggle that you go through and it it ends , " she Ms.    . " It it not something you forget or you move on in life . It it part of your life . " She Ms.    : " I did n’t start dealing with my abuse until I was in my 20s . I mean that ’s what trauma does to you . In some ways you create , there ’s spots that are a little sketchy , right , and you try to block it out and it it , it it time . Some people never are able to process it it " Laura Palumbo , a spokeswoman for the National Sexual Violence Resource Center , an independent organization partly funded by the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said research had found that one in four girls experienced sexual assault before age 18 over all , one in five women experience sexual assault at some point in their one in four girls . Ms.    called on Mr. Trump ’s supporters to repudiate him Mr. Trump’s said that by continuing to support him Mr. Trump’s " in essence you are condoning that type of behavior where you think it ’s O. K. to violate a woman . " At one point , a reporter for Telemundo , the Spanish language network , asked Ms.    who is Puerto Rican , to discuss her Ms.   who is Puerto Rican in Spanish . Appearing close to tears , she Ms.   who is Puerto Rican in Spanish Spanish " I prefer not to . I ’m a little emotional right now . " She Ms.   who is Puerto Rican gave a Spanish Spanish interview following the news conference . 
 