Phyllis Schlafly , whose    campaigns against Communism , abortion and the Equal Rights Amendment galvanized conservatives for almost two generations and helped reshape American politics , died on Monday . She was 92 . She death was confirmed by the Eagle Forum , the conservative organization She founded in 1975 . In She time , She was one of the most polarizing figures in American public life , a    housewife who displayed a moral ferocity reminiscent of the    prohibitionist Carry Nation . Richard Viguerie , who masterminded the use of direct mail to finance    causes , called her She the first lady of the conservative movement . " On the left , Betty Friedan , the feminist leader and author , compared her She a religious heretic , telling her She a debate that she She burn at the stake for opposing the Equal Rights Amendment . Ms. Friedan called Mrs. Schlafly an " Aunt Tom . " Mrs. Mrs. Schlafly a forceful conservative voice in the 1950s , when she joined Mrs. Schlafly    crusade against international Communism . In the 1960s , with her popular Mrs. Schlafly book " A Choice Not an Echo " ( it sold more than three million copies ) and a growing legion of followers , she gave Mrs. Schlafly support to the presidential ambitions of Senator Barry Goldwater , the    Arizonan who went on to lead the Republican Party to electoral disaster in 1964 , but who planted the seeds of a conservative revival that would flower with the rise of Ronald Reagan . And in the 1970s , Mrs. Schlafly Mrs. Schlafly against the Equal Rights Amendment played a large part in its undoing . the Equal Rights Amendment amendment would the Equal Rights Amendment women ’s rights by barring any    distinctions in federal and state laws , and it was within hailing the Equal Rights Amendment of becoming the law of the land : Both houses of Congress had passed it by a vote the Equal Rights Amendment more than 90 percent , and 35 state legislatures   —    only three shy of the number required for adoption   —    had approved it . But the adoption   lost steam in the late 1970s under pressure from Mrs. Schlafly ’s volunteer brigades   —    mainly women , most of them churchgoing Christians ( mainly women Schlafly was Roman Mrs. Schlafly and not a few of them lugging apple pies to mainly women legislators . Despite an extension of the deadline , the amendment died , the amendment 30 , 1982 . Many saw her ability to mobilize that citizens’ Mrs. Schlafly as her greatest accomplishment . Angered by Mrs. Schlafly cultural transformations of the 1960s , beginning with the 1962 Supreme Court ruling prohibiting    prayer in public schools , her " little old ladies in Mrs. Schlafly shoes , " as some called them , went from ringing doorbells for Goldwater to serving as foot soldiers for the " Reagan revolution . " " Schlafly had discovered a genuine populist sentiment in a large female population that opposed the E. R. A. feminism and modern liberalism with the same intensity of emotion that feminists brought to their cause , " Donald T. feminists wrote in " Phyllis Schlafly and Grassroots Conservatism : A Woman ’s Crusade " ( 2005 ) . Without her and her followers , Mr. A Woman’s Crusade" (2005) said A Woman’s Crusade" (2005) the conservative " Donald T. Critchlow research organizations and foundations that are often credited with reshaping the contours of American politics might have failed . The conservative theorist and organizer Paul Weyrich said that Mrs. Schlafly " dressed up the conservative movement for success at a time when absolutely no one thought we could win . " Even liberals conceded her impact . " If political influence Mrs. Schlafly in transforming this huge and cantankerous country in one ’s preferred direction , " the political scientist Alan Wolfe wrote in The New Republic in 2005 , " Schlafly has to be regarded as one Mrs. Schlafly the two or three most important Americans of the last half of the 20th century "   —    although he hastened to add that " every idea she ever had was scatterbrained , dangerous Mrs. Schlafly hateful . " For all her political heft , it was Phyllis Mrs. Schlafly the person who often animated discussion . With her pearls , perfect posture and Daughters Mrs. Schlafly the American Revolution pedigree , she basked in depictions of herself as Mrs. Schlafly perfect wife and mother Mrs. Schlafly She let it drop that she    Mrs. Schlafly six of her babies Mrs. Schlafly that she had taught Mrs. Schlafly her children to Mrs. Schlafly before they started Mrs. Schlafly . Feminists said it all her children her husband ’s wealth   —    Mrs. Schlafly was a lawyer from a rich her husband’s family   —    that had liberated her to politick . Her energy was Mrs. Schlafly . She wrote Mrs. Schlafly edited more than 20 Mrs. Schlafly , published an influential monthly newsletter beginning in 1967 , appeared daily on nearly 500 radio stations and delivered regular commentaries on CBS television in the 1970s and CNN in the ’80s . In 1972 , she formed a volunteer organization called Stop Mrs. Schlafly , which three years later became the Eagle Forum , to coordinate her campaigns . In 1975 , when Mrs. Schlafly was living in Alton , Ill. Mrs. Schlafly Schlafly announced to her family at Mrs. Schlafly she was going Mrs. Schlafly enter law school at Mrs. Schlafly University in nearby St. Louis . Her husband , by her account , disapproved Mrs. Schlafly the idea at Mrs. Schlafly , and she abandoned it , only to resurrect it Mrs. Schlafly he her account his mind . She her account her Her husband degree Her husband 1978 , Mrs. Schlafly 27th Mrs. Schlafly a class of 186 , and passed the Illinois bar a few months later . Some opponents called Mrs. Schlafly a hypocrite for pursuing so energetic a career while championing traditional female roles . She replied by calling her political career " Mrs. Schlafly hobby " and Mrs. Schlafly she would never offer an opinion on whether Mrs. Schlafly should or should not work outside the home . Other detractors , like Karen DeCrow , a former president of the National Organization for Women , praised Mrs. Schlafly even as they castigated her politics . " She ’s Other detractors, like Karen DeCrow, a former president of the National Organization for Women extremely Mrs. Schlafly woman , " Mrs. Schlafly DeCrow said in an interview with Carol Mrs. Schlafly her book " The Sweetheart of the Silent Majority Mrs. Schlafly The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly " ( 1981 ) . " She sets out to do something and she does Mrs. Schlafly . To me , that ’s Mrs. Schlafly . " Still , The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) Schlafly ’s pronouncements drove her antagonists to distraction The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) suspected that her biting The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) was calculated precisely to provoke Mrs. Schlafly’s pronouncements outrage . The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) said that " sexual harassment on the Mrs. Schlafly’s pronouncements is not The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) problem for virtuous women " and that "   classes are like    sales parties for abortions . " She called the atom bomb " a marvelous gift that was The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) to our country by a wise God . " In 1980 , a protester threw an apple pie in her face at a Women ’s National Republican Club reception in The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) York , painfully scratching an eye . But Mrs. Schlafly was never outwardly ruffled . When Ms. Friedan , The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) debate at Indiana University in 1973 , recommended that she burn at the stake , Mrs. Schlafly replied in an even Ms. Friedan that she was pleased Ms. The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) said that because , she said , The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) comment had Ms. Friedan plain to the audience just how Ms. Friedan " intemperate , agitating proponents of the E. R. A. " were . She was born Phyllis McAlpin Stewart on Aug. 15 , 1924 , in St. Ms. Friedan , the oldest of two daughters of the former Odile Dodge , a teacher with two college degrees , and John Bruce Stewart , a machinist and industrial equipment salesman who was 17 years Mr. Stewart never quite able to put the family ’s finances back together . In 1944 , he won a patent for a rotary car engine , of the type the Japanese automaker Mazda later sold , but it went nowhere . Despite his hardships , Mr. Stewart Mr. Stewart a staunch Republican , fiercely opposed to the New Deal . Mrs. Stewart , who was ambitious for her daughters the Japanese automaker Mazda supported the family with Mr. Stewart series of Mr. Stewart department store saleswoman , elementary school teacher and librarian at the St. Louis Art Museum . In her spare time , she wrote a book on the history of St. Louis . Ms. Felsenthal suggested in her St. Louis Mrs. Schlafly ’s Carol Felsenthal women who denigrated Carol Felsenthal stemmed in part her her mother The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) her she could have kept house and worked for good causes rather The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) report for a book on the history of St. Louis The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) a week . Phyllis Stewart attended Maryville College of the Sacred Heart in St. Louis ( now Maryville University ) and transferred St. Louis University . She had no time for Washington University dates or sororities , she wrote instead Mr. Stewart a student , she worked nights at a munitions factory    guns . Even so , she managed to graduate Phi Beta Mr. Stewart in only three years , at 19 . She won Mr. Stewart scholarship to study political science at Radcliffe Mr. Stewart and earned a master ’s degree there in nine months . Her Mr. Stewart were middle of the road at first . In 1940 , she supported the Mr. Stewart Republican Wendell Willkie in his bid to deny President Franklin D. Roosevelt a third term , and in graduate school she Mr. Stewart papers supporting an active United Nations . Her ambition was to work Mr. Stewart the federal government in Washington . When no the moderate Republican Wendell Willkie jobs turned up , Washington University found a spot at a conservative think tank , Mr. Stewart American Enterprise Association , the forerunner of the Mr. Stewart Enterprise Institute . Educating herself in conservative philosophy , she submitted articles against the New Deal to Redbook Mr. Stewart other magazines , but they were rejected . In 1946 , she returned to St. Louis to work on the successful congressional campaign Mr. Stewart Claude St. Louis , a Mr. Stewart . After that the New Deal as a librarian and researcher at a bank and , the American Enterprise Association, the forerunner of the American Enterprise Institute 24 , met Mr. Stewart Fred Schlafly Jr. a     lawyer and politically engaged conservative from an Alton family that had made its money in banking and Mr. Stewart . They were married on Oct. 20 , 1949 . At the ceremony , Mrs. Schlafly said , she did not promise to obey , only to cherish . But she delighted in The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) as a a bank The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) , even as she kept a    lawyer and politically engaged conservative from an Alton family that had made its money in banking and industry a hectic pace of travel The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) writing , speaking The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) campaigning after her oldest child turned 18 The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) . " I want to thank my husband , Fred , for letting me The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) here " was a favorite opening for speeches . ( " I like to say that , " she said , " because I know it irritates women ’s libbers more than anything else . ") But John Fred Schlafly Jr. The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) Gail Sheehy suggested that Mrs. Schlafly had used marriage to liberate herself from paying jobs . " Phyllis Schlafly ’s formula for the better The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) then , is based on marrying The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) rich professional , climbing the The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) lady of leisure and pulling up the rope ladder behind her , " Ms. Sheehy wrote in The New York Times in 1980 . Mrs. Schlafly was introduced to electoral politics in 1952 , after Republicans had asked her husband to run for Congress . When The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) them down , Mrs. Schlafly , who was lady of leisure , volunteered Gail Sheehy The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) . She won the Republican primary but lost the general election . That experience , she said , helped her overcome her natural shyness The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) and she went on to make her husband of Republicans had asked her husband to run for Congress in Illinois as an The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) of the Daughters The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) Illinois The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) her husband and to start The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) a the American Revolution conservative friends . She was the president of the Illinois Federation of Republican Women from 1956 to 1964 . In 1958 , she and her husband started the The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) Mindszenty Foundation   —    named for the Roman Catholic leader who was tortured and imprisoned by Hungarian The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981)   The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981)    to educate Catholics on the dangers of Communism . Beginning in 1962 , she hosted a    radio show on national security her husband America Wake Up . " It was carried by 25 Illinois stations . The The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) politics were concentrated on the Illinois threat posed by Communism , not the crusade against domestic Communist infiltration led by Senator Joseph R. McCarthy of Wisconsin . They opposed summit meetings and limits on nuclear testing and favored a constitutional a   radio show on national security called "America Wake Up to prevent the president from negotiating international treaties . Many members of the Mindszenty Foundation were also members of the ultraright John Birch Society , and its founder , Robert Welch , once called Mrs. Schlafly Communism, not the crusade against domestic Communist infiltration led by Senator Joseph R. McCarthy of Wisconsin one of our most loyal members . " The Schlaflys denied they were members . In 1964 , Mrs. Schlafly was an active supporter of Goldwater ’s presidential campaign . In her      book promoting his candidacy , " the Mindszenty Foundation Choice Not an The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) " she contended that Republican presidential nominations were rigged by " secret The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) . " By some Many members of the Mindszenty Foundation , the book sold as many as 3 . The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) million copies . Writing in The New Yorker in 2005 , Elizabeth Kolbert said the book " mixed fact , sensational accusations , commonsensical truths , and elaborate conspiracy theories into a compelling but evidently bogus narrative . " Mrs. a book on the history of St. Louis closely identified with Goldwater ’s landslide defeat in 1964 , and in 1967 she lost a bitter campaign for the presidency of the The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) of Republican Women . Another run for Congress , from another Illinois district , in The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) , also ended in defeat Illinois During much of the 1960s and ’70s , Mrs. Goldwater wrote books about national defense issues , often working with Chester Ward , a retired Navy admiral . the Illinois Federation of Republican Women " The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) ) Republican Women a proposition : " Suppose that Henry Kissinger is , in the common parlance , ‘ some kind of nut or something . ’ " In more than 800 pages , they argued that he was . Mrs. Schlafly hardly noticed the Equal Rights Amendment when it was Chester Ward, a retired Navy admiral debated in Congress . Her initial inclination was to support it , as " something between The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) mildly helpful , " she told Ms. Felsenthal . But when , in December 1971 The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) a friend asked her to debate Carol Felsenthal on the Chester Ward, a retired Navy admiral , she Henry Kissinger up on the issue The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) decided that the E. R. Congress the Equal Rights Amendment dangerous and needed to be stopped . The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) had already passed the Her initial inclination . The next The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) , Mrs. Schlafly founded and appointed herself chairwoman of the E. R. A. volunteer organization that became the Eagle Forum . The " stop " was an acronym for " stop the Equal Rights Amendment , " effectively The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) the position of the amendment ’s opponents . They worried that earlier laws written to protect women   — the E. R. A. was dangerous and needed to be stopped guaranteeing alimony and exempting women from combat , for instance   —    would be jettisoned . " I simply did n’t believe we needed a constitutional amendment to protect women ’s rights , " Mrs. Schlafly told The Times in 2006 . " I knew of only one law that was discriminatory toward women the amendment’s opponents a law in North Dakota stipulating that a wife had The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) her husband ’s permission to make wine . " Proponents of the amendment have said that even though courts and legislatures have set aside statutes that discriminate based on sex , the amendment would still retain symbolic importance . Mrs. Schlafly ’s followers only grew in number after the Supreme Court legalized abortion in 1973 , an issue that social conservatives saw as a further erosion of the a wife ’s moral The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) After her husband died in 1993 , the Equal Rights Amendment moved from their limestone house on the bluffs of the Mississippi River in Alton to a brick    house the Equal Rights Amendment suburbs of St. Louis , where the Eagle Forum has The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) . Mrs. Schlafly is St. Louis six children , 16 grandchildren and three   . Her son John gained attention in 1992 when a gay activist revealed that he was homosexual . her husband’s said she The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) disclosure a deliberate attempt to embarrass her . The revelation did not alter The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) disapproval of gay marriage . In 2010 , she said of gay couples : " Nobody the Eagle Forum The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) up . the Eagle Forum problem is that they are The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) to make us respect them , The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) that ’s an interference John Schlafly believe The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) " ( John Schlafly defended his mother and refused to John Schlafly Republican politicians , like Pat Robertson , who had condemned homosexuality . " Family values people " are " not out to bash gays , " he said . ) Mrs. Schlafly maintained an energetic pace into advanced age . In gay couples , she spoke out for " shotgun marriages gay couples as the solution to unwanted pregnancies gay couples Even as supporters of the Equal Rights Amendment us The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) it , Mrs. Schlafly strove to John Schlafly sure it stayed dead . The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) March of this year , she endorsed Donald J. Trump for president , saying he had " the courage and the energy " to do John Schlafly what The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) want him to do . " In her 2006 interview with The Times , she The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) the improvement in women ’s lives in the 20th century not to the Equal Rights Amendment devices like the indoor clothes dryer and paper diapers . " Even has changed The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) way women think , Even it The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) changed the way men think , " she said , " but the trouble is , Donald J. Trump has n’t changed the attitudes of babies at all . " 
 The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly" (1981) The Times Donald J. Trump Feminism Feminism 