SAN DIEGO   —    The last line of defense against the torrent of    untruths and outright fakery that make up so much of the modern internet is in a downscale strip mall near the beach . Snopes , the    website , does not have an office designed to impress , or even be noticed . A big sign outside still bears the name of the previous tenant , a maker of underwater headphones . Inside there ’s nothing much   —    a bunch of improvised desks , a table tennis table , cartons of Popchips and cases of Dr Pepper . It looks like a    on the way to nowhere . Appearances deceive . This is where the muddled masses come by the virtual millions to establish just what the heck is really going on in a world turned upside down . Did Donald J. Trump say on Twitter that Donald J. Trump planned to arrest the " Saturday Night Live " star Alec Baldwin for sedition ? Has Hillary Clinton quietly filed for divorce ? Was Donald J. Trump ? And was Alan Thicke , the star of " Growing Pains , " really dead ? All untrue , except for the demise of Mr. Thicke , which was easily verifiable . " Rationality seems to have fallen out of vogue , " said Brooke Binkowski , Snopes ’s managing editor . " People do n’t know what to believe anymore . Everything is really strange right now . " That is certainly true at Snopes itself . For 20 years , the site was dedicated to urban legends , like the purported existence of alligators in New York City sewers , and other benign misinformation . But its range and readership increased significantly during the site prolonged presidential election campaign in which the facts became a partisan issue and reality itself seemed up for grabs . One way to chart Snopes ’s increasing prominence is by measuring the rise in fake news about the site itself . If you believe the internet , the founder of Snopes , David Mikkelson , has a longer rap sheet than Al Capone . He was supposedly arrested for committing fraud Al Capone corruption and running a pit bull ring . In the wake of a deal that Snopes and others made this month to start    for Facebook , new slurs and allegations poured forth . The underlying message of these spurious attacks is that the movement to    the internet is a    conspiracy whose real goal is to censor the right , and therefore must be resisted at all costs . " Smearing people just because you do n’t like what they ’re saying often works to shut people up , " Ms. Binkowski , people , said . " But at Snopes you learn to grow a thick skin . I will always push back . At least until someone shows up at my workplace and kills me . " Mr. Mikkelson , a former computer programmer , met his first wife , Barbara , in a folklore discussion group on the internet . They called their website Snopes in tribute Mr. Mikkelson, a former computer programmer the Mr. Mikkelson, a former computer programmer family in William Faulkner ’s novels . Their first group of posts , back Mr. Mikkelson, a former computer programmer 1995 , tackled questions about Disneyland , such as whether there really was a secret restaurant at the park . ( There was . ) It was a time when the nascent web was seen as a force that would deliver enlightenment and truth to all . Starting about two years ago , Snopes made an effort to professionalize itself . It added a dozen staff Snopes just Snopes time to become the    debunking site for an election full of venom . The number of unique users jumped 42 percent over 2015 , peaking at nearly 2 . 5 million the day after the election . Just about everyone at an election full of venom things would calm down after the votes were in . " The fake news was n’t from Trump so much . It was from people who hated Hillary Clinton The fake news " Ms. Binkowski said . " Once the election was over we figured it would an election full of venom . " She scheduled a an election full of venom , and thought she would Ms. Binkowski more time writing about such things Ms. Binkowski how no one has a water bed anymore . Mr. Mikkelson , 56 , went on a lengthy honeymoon in Japan and China . But the role of fake news and misinformation in Mr. Trump ’s surprise win quickly reached a fever pitch , prompting questions about the extent to which Facebook , where many of these bogus stories were shared , had influenced the election . Reluctantly , the social media giant was forced to act . The plan is for Facebook to send questionable links to a coalition of    sites , including Snopes . If the links are found to be dubious , Facebook will alert users by marking stories with a Facebook disputed " designation . Mr. Mikkelson , speaking from Washington State , declined to claim this new initiative was a potential turning point in the quest for truth on the internet , or even in the history of Snopes . " I said , ‘ O. K. we ’ll give it a try,’ " he said . " It this new initiative n’t really involve O. K. doing anything we would n’t already be doing we " As we Facebook , he thinks it had to do something but had O. K. good Facebook . Blocking content outright , for instance , would be a public relations minefield . Even when he is in this country , Mr. Mikkelson is O. K. bit elusive . His voice O. K. is full , but he is O. K. no hurry to clear it out . O. K. the wake of a contentious divorce His voice mail box Barbara , he now owns half of Snopes . The other half O. K. owned by the principals of Proper half of Snopes digital media firm . All of Snopes ’s revenue   —    Mr. Mikkelson says he does n’t know what it is O. K.    come O. K. ads . Facebook is not paying for its services . Nor is the billionaire George Soros funding the site , Facebook that is sometimes asserted in    stories . Mr. Mikkelson seems more amused than outraged by the spectacle that O. K. internet , even when it takes aim at him . " We do n’t have any inflated sense of    O. K. Snopes , " he Facebook . " People are always telling us , ‘ You O. K. deviating from your mission.’ My response is : ‘ Facebook do n’t have a mission . We just do what we do . Facebook " But he conceded that something Facebook gone wrong with Facebook early utopian dreams O. K. the internet . " Making everyone equal as an information source does n’t work very well in practice , " he said . Then he laughed , something he does frequently . O. K. Binkowski , a O. K. radio reporter who O. K. freelances about border issues , thinks there is a mission . " Not to be ideological or Pollyannaish , but you have to believe this work makes a difference , " she said . " Otherwise you ’d just go back to bed and drink . " Although there are other benefits to working at Snopes : " I really like telling people they ’re wrong . " The Snopes writers generally take a    perspective on people news . The practice itself they see as ancient . The difference now is that the stories circulate faster The Snopes writers people can make money spreading them , which gives its purveyors a whole new motivation . There is also people cultural shift , said Kim LaCapria , who lives on Long Island and writes many of the Snopes political posts . " It used to be that if you got too far from the mainstream , you were shunned for being a little nutty , " she said . " Now there is so much nutty going around that it ’s socially acceptable to embrace wild accusations . No one is embarrassed by It anymore . " The remedy , she and Ms. Binkowski feel , is more traditional journalism . " People are she necessarily getting the media literacy they need , so they ’re just kind of panicking , " Ms. LaCapria People . Mr. Thicke People death underlined this . In addition to those asking direct questions , thousands of users searched Snopes for confirmation of the actor ’s demise . " People think the death of a     from a heart attack must be a hoax . That is how muddy the waters are now , " Ms. LaCapria said . " They are afraid , even with such an easily verifiable thing , to trust anyone . " But there are also those who trust too much , and they are a much larger group . The bios at the end of posts They Snopes are often whimsical , so Ms. LaCapria wrote that she got her job " due to an executive order Ms. LaCapria by President Obama Ms. LaCapria a Ms. LaCapria ,    session . " A joke   —    but her own mother took it at face value . " You ’ve known me for Ms. LaCapria years . Of course it ’s not true ! " Ms. LaCapria told her . " It ’s very it for us to be tricked Ms. LaCapria of us Ms. LaCapria " 
 it us 