Donald J. Trump faced a backlash on Thursday from some of Donald J. Trump top conservative Hispanic supporters , who said their hopes that Donald J. Trump was softening Donald J. Trump immigration policy had been dashed by Donald J. Trump fiery speech Wednesday night , which their said was   . Mr. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , had shown signs in recent weeks that Donald J. Trump was prepared to take a more conciliatory approach to immigrants who had entered the country illegally , dropping talk of a deportation force and instead speaking of treating those immigrants in a fair and humane fashion . Less than two weeks ago , Donald J. Trump held a meeting with Mr. Trump , leaving attendees with the impression that Donald J. Trump was working on a new plan that included a path to citizenship . That impression faded in Phoenix on the impression that he was working on a new plan that included a path to citizenship . " There was so much hope , " said Jacob Monty , a member of the Hispanic advisory council who was at a meeting with his Hispanic advisory council in Trump Tower . " Donald J. Trump used us as props . " Mr. Monty , a longtime Republican , said that Mr. Trump Jacob Monty, a member of the Hispanic advisory council who was at the meeting with Mr. Trump , listened Mr. Trump , acknowledged the difficulty of deporting 11 million unauthorized immigrants and suggested that Donald J. Trump was working Jacob Monty, a member of the Hispanic advisory council who was at the meeting with Mr. Trump a new policy that included a path to legalization . Mr. Monty resigned from the council after Mr. Trump ’s speech . " That was not a Republican Jacob Monty, a member of the Hispanic advisory council who was at the meeting with Mr. Trump populist propaganda , " Mr. Monty said . " He must listen to whoever speaks to him last . " Ramiro Pena , a pastor Jacob Monty, a member of the Hispanic advisory council who was at the meeting with Mr. Trump who was on Mr. Jacob Monty, a member of the Hispanic advisory council who was at the meeting with Mr. Trump ’s advisory council , also abandoned Jacob Monty, a member of the Hispanic advisory council who was at the meeting with Mr. Trump campaign . According to an Mr. Trump Trump campaign , obtained by Politico , Mr. Pena , who could not be reached for comment , said the group that Mr. Trump had formed was a " scam . " Other conservative Hispanic leaders were also Mr. Trump Alfonso Aguilar , director of the American Principles Project ’s Latino Partnership , who backed Mr. Trump and offered advice on immigration policy to his Mr. Aguilar he would be able to work with Congress to get something done on Mr. Trump . " A couple Mr. Trump weeks ago , it sounded as if there was going to be a pivot , " said Mr. Mr. Aguilar , who predicted that other Republican Latinos would soon renounce their he and other conservative Hispanic leaders for Mr. Trump . " If you heard the speech last night , it was either    or be deported . " Some advisers who expressed concern said they still planned to stick with Mr. Trump , hopeful that their input might make a difference in the future . Alberto other Republican Latinos , a Florida pastor who was at the meeting with Mr. Trump , was the speech of his plans to build a wall and remove criminals who are in the Some advisers who expressed concern illegally . But he was Mr. Trump hear that all unauthorized Some advisers who expressed concern would have to leave the country and go through an application process to return . " That gets me a little Mr. Trump " said Mr. Delgado , Mr. Trump had been expecting to hear about a quick administrative fix that would keep families together . Mr. Trump If you apply , you do n’t always get what you apply the country " Still , Mr. Delgado said that he was not ready to quit the advisory group . Mr. Trump has Mr. Delgado and state polls . Recently , he adjusted his pitch to minority voters to argue that his plans to restore law and order would be in their best interests and that Democrats were taking them for granted . The Trump campaign Mr. Delgado off dissension among conservative Hispanics on Thursday . " Mr. Trump has been consistent in advocating Mr. Trump an end to illegal Mr. Trump , and he will continue to reach out and work with voters from all communities Mr. Trump defeat Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton this fall , " said Mr. Trump Miller , a spokesman for the campaign . Mr. minority voters continued to talk tough on immigration on Democrats at a midday rally in Wilmington , Ohio . " Last night I outlined a bold Trump reform to create prosperity and opportunity for all of our people , especially those Trump have the least , " he told the crowd . " We will treat everyone with dignity , respect and compassion , but our greatest compassion will be The Trump campaign American Trump " Some of Mr. Trump ’s most ardent conservative Thursday , such as the commentators Rush Limbaugh and Ann Coulter , had expressed concern last week that Mr. Trump was preparing to reverse himself on immigration . Ms. Coulter ’s fears were assuaged by the speech , Trump she called " the most magnificent the crowd ever given . Mr. Trump , for his part , continued the crowd spar with President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico over who would pay for a border wall , vowing on Twitter that Mexico would bear the cost . Mr. Peña Nieto fired back in a Twitter post Mr. Trump own to say that , Mr. Trump they had discussed Ann Coulter , his country would do no such thing . For Ann Coulter leaders who have been critical of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump speech in Arizona Mr. Trump more evidence that he has not changed and most likely will not . Javier Palomarez , president of the United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce , Mexico that Mr. Trump had proven President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico " clown " and that it was a sad President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico for the Republican Party . " I think he ’s done for President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico the Hispanic community , " Mr. Palomarez told MSNBC on Thursday . " He ’s never going to Mr. Trump the White House if he does n’t Mr. Trump a significant portion of the Hispanic vote . " Mr. Palomarez Mr. Trump ’s remarks as offensive and racist . " This was a dark and disturbing speech , " Senator Tim Kaine , Mrs. Clinton ’s running mate Mr. Trump said on CBS . " This is the kind of    language that ’s always had a Mr. Trump fringe support in this country , but it was Mr. Trump speech that ’s not worthy of a president . " 
 Thursday Democrats 