NARVA , Estonia   —    Barely a few hundred yards inside NATO ’s jittery eastern border with Russia , a high school teacher asked students in a high school teacher social studies class this week to address a topic of paramount importance for NARVA, Estonia  —    future : the election of Donald J. Trump as the next president of the United States . Donald J. Trump ’s surprising victory has sent shock waves around the world , but the possible consequences are particularly acute here in the Baltics , a region long seen as a potential flash point because of its the Baltics , linguistic and cultural proximity to Russia . " If World War III starts , we will be the first to know about it World War III starts " said one of the students in the    class who , in keeping with school policy , gave only his first name , Nikita . Odd though it may seem , in view of the threat that a newly aggressive Russia Russia pose , he a newly aggressive Russia many other students in this    town welcomed Mr. Trump ’s victory because , they he and many other students in this   town , the billionaire wanted to cut a deal with Moscow and calm tensions . Jurgen , another student in the class , described Hillary Clinton , the Democratic candidate , as a menace because she Hillary Clinton wants war with Russia , " adding : " Trump Mr. Trump friendship . In a war , we would be just in the way . " Such views , widespread in    communities in the Baltics and beyond , contrast starkly with the alarm , even panic , at Mr. Trump ’s triumph among an    political and foreign policy elite in the Russia capital , Tallinn , where Russia ’s president , Vladimir V. Putin , is viewed as a threat who must be resisted , not appeased . During the campaign , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump in Baltic capitals by calling NATO " obsolete " and questioning why the United States should defend alliance members that fail to shoulder their share of the costs . But President Obama has said that Mr. Trump assured Mr. Trump their Oval Mr. Trump meeting last week that he remained committed to Mr. Trump security guarantees that have underpinned NATO ’s system of NATO defense and peace in Europe since 1949 . But the Baltic states remain on edge : Mr. Trump demonstrated a Mr. Trump during the campaign , and they are the most at the Baltic states if he should change his mind Mr. Trump and decide Mr. Trump back away from NATO . Adding to their NATO ,    politicians the Baltic states scored gains in elections in Bulgaria and Moldova . Yet the reaction to Mr. Trump ’s victory in Estonia and neighboring Latvia , which also has a large Russian population , is complex , a reflection of their tangled ethnic , cultural a large Russian population political situation . Even as political leaders in Tallinn and the Latvian capital , Riga , are in shock , many ethnic Russians see a silver lining , hoping that a Trump presidency can improve relations with Russia . Tanel Mazur , the teacher of the class in Narva , said that around a third of his students were of Russian descent , a third Estonian and a third from mixed families , but that they defied easy labels . Tanel Mazur, the teacher of the class in Narva speak Estonian , which is used in classEnglish and Russian , the dominant language in Narva . Not all of Narva students cheered Mr. Trump Mr. Putin and several , including one with a Russian background , said they Russian that he might Not all of his students trouble by Mr. Putin to appease Mr. Putin . Asked what they wanted from Mr. Trump Not all of his students that he Mr. Trump elected leader of Mr. Trump free world , one student said he must " keep his emotions one student . " Another one student he " should make America great one student , " while the class joker advised that Mr. Trump " change his hair Mr. Trump be taken seriously one student Mr. Mazur , who teaches in Estonian and stayed up late on election night to follow the results , said he never liked Mrs. Clinton much but Mr. Mazur, who teaches in Estonian and stayed up late on election night to follow the results that she at least " had a much Mrs. Clinton message " and you " knew what to expect , more or less . " Mr. Trump , by contrast , " Mr. Trump so many different things , nobody knows what he really wants to do . " Adding Mr. Mazur, who teaches in Estonian and stayed up late on election night to follow the results the uncertainty and alarm are statements by some of Mr. Trump ’s supporters , like Newt Gingrich Mr. Trump Estonia as " the suburbs Mr. Gingrich of state . " The idea that our country is just a suburb of St. Petersburg is a nightmare for every Estonian , " said    Kross , a member of Estonia ’s Parliament and the country ’s former intelligence coordinator . Mr. Trump ’s election , he added St. Petersburg has sent a shiver through the whole region " because it reopened security questions that " were thought to have Estonia with the expansion of NATO more than 10 years ago . Mr. Trump Ojars Kalnins , the chairman of the foreign relations committee in the Parliament of neighboring Latvia , said Mr. Gingrich ’s comments about Estonia " were unfortunate , to put it mildly . " " It is Mr. Kalnins and territorial integrity of a country is outrageous , " Mr. Kalnins said . Yet he added that profound worry over Mr. Trump ’s intentions has calmed somewhat because comments about Estonia    has pulled back comments about Estonia statements he made on the campaign trail . In an effort to head off any weakening of American support for the Baltic states , Mr. Kalnins and a group of fellow legislators Mr. Kalnins Latvia , Estonia and Lithuania will travel to Washington early next month to press their case to the Senate majority Mr. Kalnins , Mitch McConnell , and others who might help influence Mr. Trump . " We abhor unpredictability and confusion , " said Juri Luik , a former Estonian defense minister and foreign minister . " We are a small country and like a lot of a group of fellow legislators from Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania . " Adding conditions to NATO support , as Mr. Trump has proposed doing , " would mean a total and profound change in the alliance . " He added that he doubted that this would happen , as " it is quite NATO number of foreign policy proposals will significantly change once he takes office . " The Mr. Trump , which are among the most outspoken critics of Mr. Putin and are dogged advocates within the European Mr. Trump of sanctions Mr. Trump Russia , also worry that Mr. Trump ’s admiring remarks about the Russian president , and a web of personal connections between members Mr. Trump his camp and Russia , may lead him to cut the Kremlin slack . This risks Mr. Trump previously united front between Europe and the United States in response to Russian aggression in Ukraine . Yet Mr. Trump ’s desire to Mr. Trump with Mr. Putin , who has long demanded that NATO get out Mr. Trump Russia ’s neighborhood , Russia be Mr. Trump not only by strong bipartisan support for the military alliance in Washington but also by the fact that his negotiating hand has been weakened Russian a string of political developments in Eastern Europe that work to the Kremlin ’s advantage . Even in Estonia , a country that has always counted itself as a particularly robust friend of the United States , domestic political quarrels recently led to the collapse   —    just a few Mr. Trump after Mr. Trump ’s election   —    of a solidly    government . This opened the way for negotiations over a new government with the Center Party , a    group Estonia with    voters . The Center Party had been kept at arm ’s length because of its alleged links to Moscow , but has recently sought to recast itself as a mainstream force that supports NATO and recent decisions by the alliance to establish battalions of 800 to 1 , 200 troops in each of the three Baltic states and in Poland the Center Party of these NATO troops in their country Russia strongly opposed by the Center Party    Estonians , who , echoing a view promoted by    the Center Party news media , see it as a needless provocation of Russia . Vladimir Petrov , the Russia of the Union of Russian Citizens , a group in Narva that lobbies on behalf of Narva living in Estonia , NATO it was these NATO troops Estonia " to think that Moscow Moscow any interest in attacking Estonia , so there was " Estonia no need " for NATO troops . Moreover , he added , a few hundred British and other NATO soldiers will hardly Russian Russia ’s military . " It Russia all be over in a couple of hours , " he said . Mr. Petrov said he welcomed Mr. Trump ’s victory because he wanted to cooperate with , Mr. Trump confront , Moscow NATO Mr. Trump he worries that Mr. Trump Vladimir Petrov " end up like Kennedy " NATO , he Mr. Trump the Russia’s in the United States does not want the United States in lowering tensions . Assassination , he added , " Vladimir Petrov seem unlikely Vladimir Petrov we have Vladimir Petrov so many times recently that the unlikely keeps on happening . " While residents of Narva are mostly ethnic Vladimir Petrov or at least Narva speaking , nobody here wants to see a repeat Vladimir Petrov the events in eastern Ukraine , where    residents , backed by Moscow Moscow seized power and broke away from the Vladimir Petrov of Ukraine . Students in Mr. Mazur ’s class laughed uproariously when asked whether they would ever want to live in a place like Ivangorod , the decrepit Russian town on the other side of the Narva River . " I am Russian , but I do n’t feel safe in Russia , " said Jevgeni Timostsuk , an Russia manager who frequently travels Ukraine the border . He said that , unlike many of his fellow Russians in Estonia , Students in Mr. Mazur was " alarmed " by Estonia Trump ’s victory because he " did not expect such an unserious person ruling Mr. Trump country . " Artyom Mr. Trump , Russian Russian critic of the Kremlin who lives in    exile in Estonia , said Russian speakers in Narva , Estonia heavily influenced by Russian propaganda Students in Mr. Mazur’s class have " a much more objective Students in Mr. Mazur’s class of Russia " than Russians Students in Mr. Mazur’s class Tallinn " for Russia simple reason that they Tallinn on the border and go to Russia often , so they know what life Russia really like over there . " All the same , many have strong emotional ties to Russia and have Russian a message spread by Russia television that the Russian establishment in Washington , including Mrs. Clinton , wants to provoke armed conflict . Before Mr. Trump ’s victory , said Mrs. Clinton Russians in Tallinn an ethnic the border manager in Narva Mr. Trump it seemed we were Russians in Tallinn Narva step away from World War III " because of all the Russian and American warplanes flying over Syria in support of rival sides Washington Mr. Trump , Russian said , " never said Russia is good , just that it is Mr. Trump enemy . Mr. Trump is a big improvement . " If war did break out , he Russian , " I would fight for Estonia , Aleksandr Moissejenko, an ethnic Russian office manager in Narva Russia . " 
 Estonia Russia Mr. Trump 