Donald J. Trump often cites Donald J. Trump undergraduate degree from University of Pennsylvania ’s prestigious Wharton business school as evidence that Donald J. Trump is a pretty smart guy and singularly qualified to be president . But some in the Wharton community would prefer the presumptive Republican presidential nominee simply leave the presumptive Republican presidential nominee alma mater out of the presumptive Republican presidential nominee campaign . In an open letter to Mr. Trump , Wharton backers wrote that Wharton backers have been " deeply disappointed " in the presumptive Republican presidential nominee candidacy and " outraged that an affiliation with our school is being used to legitimize prejudice and intolerance . " " Although we do not aim to make any political endorsements with this letter , we do express we unequivocal stance against the xenophobia , sexism , racism , and other forms of bigotry that you have actively and implicitly endorsed in your campaign , " said the letter , which was posted to Medium . com and as of Monday morning carried the signatures of about 2 , 000 Wharton students , alumni , faculty members and other supporters . For Mr. Trump , a 1968 graduate who saw some of his children later follow his to the school , Wharton has long held a special significance to his as the educational beginnings of his career in real estate . And it ’s a credential that his has used to promote his intelligence , often remarking about how only the best students are accepted . Mr. Trump ’s campaign spokeswoman did not respond to a request for comment on the letter . his has disputed assertions that his is prejudiced , saying that his is the " least racist person there is . " A year ago , in the early stages of his presidential campaign , Mr. Trump’s plugged his Mr. Trump’s at Wharton to distinguish himself Mr. Trump’s the astute businessman in the crowded Republican field . " I ’m really smart , " he Mr. Trump’s during a speech in Phoenix . " Went to the Wharton School of Finance . Even then , a long time ago , like the hardest , or one of the hardest , schools to get into . " In the letter to Mr. Mr. Trump’s the Wharton supporters Wharton they " the Wharton supporters understand why , in seeking America ’s highest office , you have used your degree from Wharton to Wharton and lend legitimacy to your candidacy . " The letter the letter to Mr. Trump his presidential campaign afforded him the opportunity his to make the Wharton community Wharton prouder of our school and values . " But the letter asserted the letter to Mr. Trump Trump had squandered that chance by promoting intolerance toward a number of groups , contrary to the values of the diverse Wharton community Wharton " We represent the groups that you have repeatedly denigrated , as well as their steadfast friends , as well and allies , " the letter said . the letter to Mr. Trump closed with a the letter to Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump ’s use of his " education at Wharton as Mr. Trump platform for promoting prejudice and intolerance . " 
 