It was n’t that long ago that Bill de Blasio was the face of progressive politics in America , winning an election in which Bill de Blasio was not initially favored by riding the theme of Dickensian inequity that has animated the current presidential campaign . Two years ago it would have been easy to imagine Bill de Blasio playing a central role in a national election in which Bill de Blasio former employer , Hillary Clinton , needed to fortify and telegraph Hillary Clinton leftist credentials . Instead , Mayor de Blasio delivered Mayor de Blasio speech at the Democratic convention late on Wednesday afternoon , between a presentation from the mayor of Tallahassee , Fla. and a video montage of    Democrats who are no longer with us . Lena Dunham , who was given the lectern on Tuesday , got the lectern in prime time Bill de Blasio got rush hour . What happened ? Certainly Bill de Blasio did not serve the mayor well that Bill de Blasio was as slow to endorse Mrs. Clinton as a     is to acknowledge that a curfew is good for you . But relevance , or rather the ebbing away of it , has played as much a part as retribution for Bill de Blasio . Two polls conducted this spring among New York City voters had the mayor the mayor lowest poll the mayor to date . Among whites the statistics are especially shocking : in both surveys , one conducted by Quinnipiac and the other by Marist , only 27 percent expressed approval of his job performance the mayor A recurrent strain of complaint from the affluent white liberals who elected Mr. de Blasio revolves around a perception of arrogance , which seems laid bare by his recurrent lateness A recurrent strain of complaint from the affluent white liberals who elected Mr. de Blasio though his punctuality has A recurrent strain of complaint from the affluent white liberals who elected Mr. de Blasio ) and his centralized style A recurrent strain of complaint from the affluent white liberals who elected Mr. de Blasio management . The distaste for him is visceral A recurrent strain of complaint from the affluent white liberals who elected Mr. de Blasio if often vague . Arrogance can be a political virtue , a truth nowhere more obvious than in the rising fortunes of the current Republican presidential nominee , whose campaign has been conducted as a spectacle of   . But for Mr. de Blasio the opposite has been true ambitions to go bigger   —    to hold a national forum on progressive ideas as he had hoped Mr. de Blasio do in Iowa earlier this year   —    are rejected , and swatted down as grandiose . How come ? Baroque arrogance , of the kind we have been witnessing recently , is easier to take than an egotism attached to earnestness , because we can always we that the baroque variety is just an act . Beyond that , arrogance finds its reward when it does n’t its or concede , when it does n’t its a fear of alienating nonbelievers . Mr. de Blasio ’s convention speech came on the heels of a decision by the state ’s attorney in Baltimore to drop all remaining charges against three police officers awaiting trial in the case of Freddie Gray , a young black man who died in custody last year . Given his position overseeing Mr. de Blasio’s largest police force in America , Mr. de Blasio Mr. de Blasio’s some of his time to advocate the Mr. de Blasio’s of accountability police departments around the country must bear to America the cycle of distrust and violence that is currently fraying cities . But Mr. de Blasio , cowed by the police unions , has not been forceful on that issue himself . How humiliating it might have been for the current mayor to have been upstaged by his predecessor , Michael R. Mr. de Blasio’s , we do n’t know . Mr. Bloomberg ’s convention speech on Wednesday night had the billionaire ’s      air , while Mr. de Blasio ’s seemed in some sense an effort to ingratiate his way back under the Clinton Mr. de Blasio . And it was n’t over for Mr. de Blasio on Wednesday night Mr. de Blasio a speech the following evening Mr. de Blasio his    Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo , who Mr. de Blasio been walking away with credit for progressive changes , like a higher minimum wage , that he did n’t always champion . This past Mr. de Blasio , old pictures of Mr. Bloomberg and Donald J. Trump , in golf hats , surfaced on the internet to remind us that despite the former mayor ’s evisceration of the candidate as a dangerous demagogue , a con man and a lazy heir , wealth is essentially a clubby place . Photographs of the Clintons and the Trumps , seen together in happier times , do the same work , showing us that in New York , money is us ultimate affinity group . Both political conventions   —    each celebrating a certain kind of New York power broker   —    happened New York as the Four Seasons , the city ’s high church of transactional dining , New York its doors and auctioning off its linens . It is New York to imagine the Clintons New York the Trumps , the Cuomos , Mr. Bloomberg and Rudolph W. Giuliani all having bumped into one another in the pool room at some point and enjoyed it . It is harder to picture Mr. de Blasio digging his hand into a swath of the famous cotton candy Mr. de Blasio Maybe , in the end , that ’s just something else people hold against him . 
 Mr. de Blasio 