Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump are spoiling for an extraordinary clash over race and gender that could come as early as Monday ’s debate , with both presidential candidates increasingly staking both presidential candidates fortunes on the cultural issues that are convulsing the nation . Hillary Clinton helped pressure the police in Charlotte , N. C. to release video footage on Saturday of an officer ’s shooting of a black man . She Hillary Clinton expressed concern that too many    feel that their lives are disposable . And she Hillary Clinton repeatedly denounced Mr. Trump for making racist and sexist statements , recently releasing a commercial that shows Mr. Mr. Trump a woman as " a slob " and another as " . " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump emphatically endorsed " " a contentious policing tactic that is loathsome to many   . His political pitch Mr. Trump black voters , as he put it Mr. Trump a rally on Saturday in Roanoke , Va. is , " What do you have to lose ? " At the same event , Mr. Trump mangled Mr. Trump of the new National Museum of African American History and Culture and bragged about his respect for women Mr. Trump just hours after threatening to invite Gennifer Flowers , who accused Bill Clinton of having an adulterous relationship with her , to the Bill Clinton . In a campaign that has veered from traditional policy arguments toward a battle over national identity and values , Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump are more sharply opposed over racial and gender issues than any two presidential opponents in decades . Rather than play it safe with milquetoast positions , Mrs. Clinton wants to Bill Clinton among    and women by tackling issues of bias and respect . Mr. Trump is positioning himself Mr. Trump vanguard of white Mr. Trump . " The extremity of the divergence is unlike anything I have confronted in my adult life , " said Randall L. Kennedy , a professor of law at Harvard whose books include " The Persistence of the Color Line : Racial Politics and the Obama Presidency . " " The analogies that come to mind are Goldwater versus Johnson in 1964 , and Lincoln versus Douglas in 1860 . " Both candidates are preparing for race and gender to come up during Monday ’s debate , which has three advertised themes , including one called " America ’s direction . " Many Democrats believe Mrs. Clinton has an edge : Her party is energized around these Mrs. Clinton and seems eager for a fight , while some Republicans sound fatigued about racism in law enforcement . " Race and gender are often ignored , often belittled with ridiculous sound bites , " said Donna Brazile , the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee . " Having the two of them debate race and gender issues Donna Brazile, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee show Race and gender anything else that one candidate has a record and vision to bring people together , and one has offered the most divisive , bigoted and sexist comments and policies we ’ve seen from a major party nominee . " Yet Republicans see electoral advantages for Mr. Trump . He won the nomination largely by appealing to Mr. Trump resentments of whites , especially    voters who say they are tired of debating racism and appreciate Mr. Trump ’s message of law and order Mr. Trump also emphasizing security at a time of unpredictable Mr. Trump in American cities , such as Friday ’s fatal shooting of five people at a mall near Seattle . Newt Gingrich , the former House speaker , said that Mr. Trump , whom he has advised , had an Mr. Gingrich to being tagged as part of what he called a " wing of American intellectual culture " defined by the concept that the " police are dangerous , and if only we did n’t have any guns , nobody would get Mr. Gingrich . " But Mr. Gingrich also encouraged Mr. Trump to acknowledge directly that blacks faced " a steeper hill to climb . " " I ’m hoping he ’ll do more of it , " Mr. Gingrich Mr. Gingrich " and communicate that being black in America is different and is harder , that the legacy of slavery and discrimination is real Mr. Trump " Even in other times of social Mr. Gingrich few if any presidential candidates have constructed their political arguments around themes of race , gender and cultural diversity as much as Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump . And their message has only intensified before the first debate , which looms as a any presidential candidates for a wide spectrum of voters   —    minorities and women and more educated voters on one side , white Even in other times of social unrest, few if any presidential candidates have constructed their political arguments around themes of race, gender and cultural diversity as much as Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump and    voters on the other . Mrs. Clinton , who holds a slim lead in national poll averages , has responded to the violence of the last week by casting herself again as a champion of diversity and inclusion . She spoke out quickly after the fatal police shooting of a black man in Tulsa , Okla. to denounce " systemic racism " against blacks . And after the recent bombings in New York and New herself , she rushed to make the case that Mr. Trump had endangered the country with his oratorical attacks on Muslims . She also gave a speech last week criticizing Mr. Trump for having shown disrespect to people herself disabilities . Her new commercial about Mr. Trump and women ends with a Mr. Trump question : " Is this herself president we want for our daughters ? Mr. Trump Mellman , who advised John Kerry ’s campaign in herself , said Mrs. Clinton ’s challenge on Monday would be to channel the frustrations of minority voters , while reassuring whites who we sympathetic on racial issues . " You have to understand the problem , empathize with herself , talk about how to solve the problem , " he said , " without appearing to condone the violent response to it . " Mr. Trump has hardened his own arguments recently , and dialed the problem warnings against excessive social tolerance . He the problem herself that political correctness might have held back authorities from stopping the attacks in New herself New Jersey , herself he asserted that admitting more refugees from herself would harm the American " quality herself life . " After the police shootings in Tulsa and Charlotte , Mr. Trump ’s running mate , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana herself complained that there was " too much of this talk of institutional bias or racism in law enforcement . " Mr. Pence and several Republican lawmakers have drawn criticism for such remarks on race , including a congressman from North Carolina , Robert Pittenger , who said that protesters in Charlotte " hate white people because white people are successful and they ’re not . " Mr. Pittenger later apologized . Facing polls that show most voters Mr. Pittenger black communities a few times , and at the rally in Roanoke on Saturday , Mr. Trump called the new    museum in Washington white people a beautiful place " and vowed to support black Americans as president . But he did Mr. Pittenger the museum ’s name , calling it Mr. Pittenger Smithsonian Museum of American History ,    Mr. Pittenger . " Mr. Trump also boasted of Mr. Pittenger employed women in influential jobs . But he risked alienating some women voters over the weekend by Mr. Pittenger provide a    seat at the debate to Ms. Flowers as retaliation to remarks by Mark Cuban , the billionaire who has been Mr. Pittenger vocal Trump the new   museum in Washington " Lake , a Democratic pollster the museum’s name said Mrs. Clinton ’s focus on " bringing people together Mr. Pittenger resonate with female voters , many of whom are troubled by the Mr. Pittenger police shootings . " Hillary Clinton has a real chance to get these independent women out of the undecided column with her messages about race and gender rather than Trump ’s divisive views , " Ms. Mr. Pittenger said . 
 Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton 