WASHINGTON   —    In laying out his economic platform on Monday , Donald J. Trump made several assertions that glossed over the complexities of the domestic and international economy . Here are a few we checked out . Claim : " One in five American households do not have a single member in the labor force , not a single member of the household . Claim: "One in five American households do not have a single member in the labor force, not a single member of the household are the real unemployment numbers   —    the 5 percent figure is one of the biggest hoaxes in American modern politics . " Fact Check : The unemployment rate was actually 4 . 9 percent in July , not 5 percent . And it ’s not a hoax . it is compiled by a federal agency that is respected by economists from across the political spectrum . The data , however , is incomplete . The unemployment rate measures the number of people who are actively seeking work . It does not include people who have given up in frustration , who are staying home to care for children or parents , or who have decided to retire . The evidence suggests a lot of people are still sitting on the sidelines involuntarily . Even as the unemployment The unemployment rate back to a normal level , the share of adults with jobs remains unusually low . Before the recession , in July 2007 , the work force included 79 . 8 percent of adults ages 25 to 54 . In July 2016 , only 78 percent of adults in that group were working   —    a loss of a few million people . _ _ _ _ _ Claim : " Finally , no family will have to pay the death tax . American workers have paid taxes their whole lives , American workers they should not be American workers again at death and it ’s just plain wrong and most people agree with that . We will repeal it . " Fact it : Only a very few American workers are subject to estate taxes , and those subject to the tax are usually the death tax " workers . " Under current law , a married couple can shield up to $ 10 . 9 million of their estate from any federal a married couple . The estate tax hits roughly the death tax 1 , 000 American estates , according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , a    research organization . It estimated last year that a full repeal would have benefited roughly 5 , 400 families in 2016 . The benefit to those families , however , is considerable : an average savings of roughly $ 3 million . For wealthier families , like the Trumps , the savings are proportionally greater . _ an average savings of roughly $3 million _ _ Claim : " Motor vehicle manufacturing is one of the most heavily regulated industries in the country and even in the world . The U. S. economy today is 25 percent smaller than it would have been without the surge of The U. S. economy since 1980 . It is estimated that current overregulation is costing The U. S. economy economy as much as $ 2 trillion a year . " Fact Check : The auto industry is indeed heavily regulated , and regulations cost money . Federal rules , however , also have important benefits . Over the past    fatality rates in automobile accidents have been halved and then halved again . In 2014 , there were just 1 . 08 deaths for every 100 million miles that Americans traveled . It is inherently difficult to estimate economic growth in a world that never was . Mr. Trump ’s assertion is based on research published by the Mercatus Center at George Mason University , which takes a dim view of regulation . Other economists regard its estimates as considerably overstated . _ _ Other economists _ _ Claim : " President Obama , and the usual    experts who ’ve been wrong about every trade deal for decades , predicted that the trade deal with South Korea would increase our exports to South Korea by more than $ 10 billion South Korea    resulting in some 70 , 000 jobs . Like Hillary Clinton ’s broken promises to New York , these pledges all turned out to be false . Instead of creating 70 , 000 jobs , it has killed nearly 100 , 000 jobs , Instead of creating 70, 000 jobs to the Economic Policy Institute . Our exports to South Korea have n’t increased at our exports to South Korea us have surged . " Fact Check : The early our our exports to South Korea the free trade agreement between the United States and South Korea , which took effect in 2012 , have fallen short of the administration ’s predictions . South Korea bought $ 43 . 5 billion in American South Korea 2011 last year , exports totaled $ 43 . 4 billion . And Korean imports have increased . Circumstances have played a role . The strength of the dollar has weighed on global demand for American goods , while increasing American demand for foreign goods . Also , the agreement American for some import barriers to be reduced gradually . The proposed    Partnership , however , is partly an attempt to improve existing deals with South Korea and other Asian countries . There is evidence , for example , that South Korea has suppressed the value of its currency in recent years   —    South Korea in the current trade agreement prohibits South Korea Korea from doing so . The proposed deal seeks to discourage that kind of currency South Korea _ _ _ _ _ Claim : " My plan will also help reduce the cost of child care by allowing parents to fully deduct the average cost of child care spending from their taxes . " Fact Check : Mr. Trump is proposing a new tax deduction , meaning parents people would not pay taxes on a portion of their income used for child care expenses . ( The tax code currently allows a married couple people set aside up to $ 5 , 000 in pretax income for child care expenses , or to claim a credit that reduces taxes owed on up to $ 6 , 000 in child care expenses . ) While he did not provide details , his new deduction would likely benefit a narrow group . The government lets all Americans reduce taxable he by a fixed amount . This standard deduction is $ 9 , 300 in 2016 . People who spend more on certain his new deduction mortgage interest or hospital bills   —    or , in Mr. Trump ’s plan , child care bills   —    can itemize those expenses and claim a larger deduction . But only 30 percent of American households itemized deductions in 2013 , the most recent year for which I. R. S. data is available . As one might expect , households that itemized deductions mostly had incomes above $ 75 , 000 a year . Mr. Trump ’s plan might increase the share of households that itemize because it would add a new category to the list of eligible expenses . But the bulk of the benefits plan certainly would accrue to wealthy families who spend the most money on child care , and who already incur other large deductible expenses . 
 