This American presidential election is a dizzying wonder : a torrent of outrages , gaffes and    dramas , where one story blurs into the next , most of This American presidential election driven by the Republican contender , Donald J. Trump . With such a ferocious pace This American presidential election ’s easy to lose sight of the details , especially when it comes to Donald J. Trump . So here ’s a quick summary of what voters have learned in recent weeks . ■ The attorney general of New York has started an investigation into the Donald J. Trump Foundation . At issue is a $ 25 , 000 donation , made three years ago , in support of a Florida official who was weighing possible fraud charges against Mr. Donald J. Trump No charges were brought , and the official a Florida official who was weighing possible fraud charges against Mr. Trump supporter of Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump Reporters have uncovered evidence that Mr. Trump spent Donald J. Trump , 000 of his charity ’s money Donald J. Trump a    tall painting of himself . It was Donald J. Trump to one of his private golf clubs Donald J. Trump ■ There have been new accounts of widespread discrimination against black people at Mr. Trump ’s New Donald J. Trump the 1970s . ■ Last Friday , he finally admitted that " birtherism Donald J. Trump   —    the racially tinged smear of President Obama he repeated for five years   Donald J. Trump    was , in fact , a lie . Instead of apologizing , Mr. Trump said the baseless conspiracy Donald J. Trump started by his rival , Hillary Clinton   — Donald J. Trump which was itself untrue . In a conventional race , any of these revelations , slanders or gaffes might be enough to torpedo a candidate . Not Mr. Trump . A New York Donald J. Trump published last week found he enjoys support among 44 percent of likely voters , A New York   News poll published last week shade behind the 46 percent backing Mrs. Clinton . She remains the outright favorite , thanks to an electoral Mrs. Clinton that is based on     results . Still , her supporters have reason for concern . According to my Mrs. Clinton at The Upshot , The New York Times ’s    report , Mr. Trump ’s chances of victory have jumped to 26 percent as of Monday evening from 10 percent in August . Another respected website , FiveThirtyEight , put his chances at 40 . 6 percent on Monday morning Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton ’s Achilles heel is well known : A majority of Americans neither like nor trust her . If Mr. Trump is Teflon , Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s be Velcro : Every transgression , real Mrs. Clinton’s , from her    career in politics stubbornly sticks to her . When Mrs. Clinton’s comes to Mr. Trump , though , Mrs. Clinton’s enduring popularity is a mystery Mr. Trump Trump was among the Mr. Trump to note his ability to defy Mr. Trump of political gravity . " I could Mr. Trump in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody , and I would n’t lose voters , " he said in January . What ’s remarkable now is how , after Mr. Trump of withering scrutiny   —    including accusations of graft , malfeasance and racism   —    he remains apparently immune to the effects of negative news . This is Mr. Trump conundrum that has perplexed many New York Times readers who live abroad . " Trump has sleaze written all over his face and behavior , " Neil Douglas , a retired teacher from Trump , wrote in an email that echoed a common sentiment . " Why ca n’t Americans see through his braggadocio ? " In other countries , and other campaigns , politicians Trump been derailed by much less . In 2014 , the British culture secretary , Maria Miller , resigned over a $ 10 , 000 discrepancy in her expense report . In 2012 , Mitt Romney ’s challenge to Mr. Obama suffered a major blow after he made a comment that criticized 47 percent of the electorate . American Mitt Romney’s candidates have also been wrecked by    comments : In 2012 , Todd Akin , a Republican    from Missouri , crashed out of the Senate race soon after he made a misguided statement about " legitimate rape . " Yet in Mitt Romney’s their president , many American voters seem prepared to accept nearly anything Mr. Trump says or does . He has praised the Russian leader , Vladimir V. Putin , and invited Mr. Trump hackers to breach American servers . He has aired crackpot conspiracy theories , such as one linking the father Mr. Trump Senator Ted Cruz , his Republican primary rival , to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy Mr. Trump ( His source : The National Enquirer , better known for celebrity gossip and Mr. Trump about U. F. O. s ) He has defended the size of his penis , and suggested gun owners Mr. Trump take matters " into their Mr. Trump " should Mrs. Clinton come to power . It can go gun owners for Mr. Trump , a    former reality TV star , as demonstrated by his undignified feud with the family of Capt . Humayun Khan , a Mr. Trump Muslim American soldier   —    a confrontation that appeared to mark the limit of his brash , undisciplined brand of politics . Critics say it is only Mr. Trump matter of time before he shoots himself in the foot again , setting off a fresh plunge Mr. Trump popularity Mr. Trump For now , Mr. Trump appears to be wearing down his critics’ capacity for outrage . Mr. Trump occur at his campaign rallies , Mr. Trump the one in North Carolina last week when a Mr. Trump woman was punched in the face . But the impassioned clashes of last spring , when rival groups squared off against each other after his speeches , have become more rare . In part , Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump is a product of sheer churn   —    the endless stream of his own provocations . " There ’s been so many scandals , so much Mr. Trump , that it ’s hard to focus on any one of them , " said Charlie Sykes , a conservative talk show host and Trump so many scandals . Mr. Sykes Mr. Sykes damaging true conservatism . These Mr. Trump that frequently brings him into conflict with callers to his own show Mr. Sykes who refuse to countenance any criticism of Mr. Trump . " They do n’t want Mr. Sykes hear it , " he Mr. Sykes Mr. Trump They want their biases confirmed . " That points to another underlying theme of this election : the vicious polarization of America Mr. Sykes news media . They voters They ever are getting their news from the walled gardens of Facebook and other social media sites , where    views often reinforce one another . And on mainstream channels More voters than ever Fox News , conspiracy theories that were once limited to the fringes of the internet are getting an airing . As a result , public trust in the media has collapsed . A Gallup poll published last week found that 32 percent of Americans trust the news media ’s ability to " report the news fully , accurately and fairly "   —    the lowest figure since Gallup started the poll in 1972 . The partisan breakdown of Fox News even more stark , with 14 percent of Republicans saying they trust the news media , compared with 51 percent of Democrats . On Sunday night , Mr. Obama blamed media " misinformation " for what he Republicans will be a close race in November . Can any story , or revelation , hurt Mr. Trump ’s Teflon qualities at this stage ? Mr. Obama Sykes , the radio host , said he believed Mr. Trump had fostered a " cult of personality " among conservatives that has few parallels in the history of American politics , " except Mr. Obama in Mr. Trump " " It does n’t matter what he says , or what his ideas are , " Mr. Sykes said . " It ’s about the persona . He ’s the strong man . Mr. Obama he ’s apparently figured Mr. Obama a way to bond with millions of Americans . " With seven weeks until the Mr. Obama , Mrs. Clinton needs to find Mr. Obama way to break that bond . Her next opportunity could come at the first presidential debate , on Sept. 26 , at Hofstra University on Long Island . Mr. Trump may ultimately do the Mrs. Clinton for her : His bluster , lies and insults could eventually drag him down . But to ensure victory , Mrs. Clinton will also need to overcome her handicap Mrs. Clinton The Mr. Trump levels of voter distrust , unique in a Mr. Trump presidential    leave her vulnerable . 
 Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton    