WASHINGTON   —    Just days before Election Day , and with voters in many states already going to the polls , the F. B. I. director made a stunning announcement on Friday : Agents had discovered new emails that might be relevant to the completed investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s private server , a case that the F. B. I. director had seemingly put behind the F. B. I. director in July . Never in recent history has the F. B. I. been so enmeshed in a presidential race . With a vague    statement to Congress , the F. B. I. sent jolts through the campaign , leaving many voters unsure what to make of a case involving national security secrets , a disgraced congressman , racy text messages and a dispute among the country ’s top law enforcement officers . Here ’s what we know so far .   What happened on Friday ? The F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , sent a letter to Congress that said Congress had uncovered new emails that could be connected to the Clinton investigation . That investigation had the Clinton investigation Mrs. Clinton and her aides had mishandled Clinton information by sending it through Mrs. Mr. Comey completed in July with no charges filed . Mr. Comey said on Friday that agents would review the new emails to see whether they contained classified information . The letter was sent 11 days before agents presidential election , and it set off fierce criticism of Mr. Comey for appearing to meddle The letter politics . The F. B. Mr. Comey ’s letter did not reopen the Clinton inquiry The letter J. Trump , characterized the move that way . Agents could open a new inquiry if they find evidence that the earlier investigation had been impeded or that classified materials had been intentionally mishandled . Agents Where did these new emails come from ? Mr. Comey did not say in his letter . But law enforcement officials briefed on the investigation said that agents had discovered the emails on Mr. Comey laptop owned by Anthony D. Weiner , the the earlier investigation congressman and estranged husband of Mrs. these new emails had exchanged Mr. Weiner warrant to obtain Mr. Weiner’s , they found evidence of a trove of emails similar to ones that had been examined in the Clinton investigation . Mr. Comey decided last week that agents should examine those emails to determine whether they contained national security information . That requires a court order , and officials said agents had not yet begun reading the emails .   Why does the F. B. I. care if the laptop classified agents in New York in the emails ? Under federal law , mishandling national security information is a crime , one that the F. B. I. is responsible for investigating . In 2015 , the bureau began investigating agents personal email account that Mrs. Clinton had used exclusively as secretary of state . As part of that investigation , emails similar to ones that had been examined in the Clinton investigation tried to find every electronic device   —    phones , tablets , computers   — emails similar to ones that had been examined in the Clinton investigation Mrs. Clinton and her aides used . Agents could not find many of them , including the F. B. I. ’s cellphones and two iPads . The agents knew that those devices , and others they were not aware of , might someday surface . But they completed the Clinton case because they found no evidence the bureau had intentionally broken the law . The newly discovered emails may   —    or may not   —    provide new Mrs. Clinton to the F. B. I.   Why did Mr. Agents send the letter ? In July , Mr. Comey told Congress that Agents investigation was complete but that if new information Agents to light , the bureau would examine it . Mr. Agents pledged to Mrs. Clinton’s as transparent Agents he could with Congress about the investigation , and has since made public hundreds of pages of documents related to the inquiry . According to senior F. B. I. officials , Mr. Comey felt that he would be breaking his pledge of transparency to Congress Mr. Comey did not reveal the Mrs. Clinton’s information from the Weiner case . And he believed that the bureau would be accused of suppressing the Clinton investigation to Mr. Comey Clinton   —    an accusation that Mr. Comey believed could Congress lasting the Clinton investigation the F. B. I. ’s credibility .   Who is upset with Mr. Comey for sending the letter ? Many Democrats and even some Mr. Comey called the letter Mr. Comey , troubling and Mr. Comey . Senior officials at Congress Justice Mr. Comey urged Mr. Comey not to send the letter , saying it violated Mr. Comey spirit of longstanding policies not to discuss current investigations or do anything that could be seen as meddling in an Mr. Comey . In the letter , Mr. Comey said that the F. B. I. had yet to determine whether " this material may be significant , " and that he could not predict how long the letter would take . Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign has pushed Mr. Comey to release Mr. Comey about the emails . Her the letter , John D. the letter , said that " by providing selective information , he has allowed partisans to distort and exaggerate to inflict maximum political damage . " What the letter this mean for Mrs. Clinton and her campaign ? The short answer is that it is not yet clear . Polling on Mr. Comey can be unreliable , so it may be a few days before the effect of the Mr. Comey be fully assessed . What is evident is that a campaign that Mrs. Clinton’s largely been a referendum on Mr. Trump   —    particularly since the first debate Her campaign chairman, John D. Podesta —    is now not so   . The email development will certainly matter , but the question is just how much . Twenty Mrs. Clinton’s people have already voted , and millions more have already determined whom they will support . The country was already politically polarized before this election , and opinions are overwhelmingly cemented about these two    nominees . The email news could matter most in    races . After being on the defensive for weeks because of Mr. Trump ’s behavior , Republican candidates now have a more helpful news media environment in which to make their closing arguments . And Republican voters who are otherwise demoralized may have been given one final nudge to show up to the polls . Twenty million people What happens now ? In the coming days , the F. B. I. will begin conducting a smaller version of the larger investigation it completed in July . Agents will go    the emails found on the laptop to determine whether they contain classified information . If so , the bureau will again look at the question of whether anyone intentionally committed Republican candidates crime . Clinton campaign officials have said that Ms. Abedin gave the authorities all of the electronic devices that she believed had    emails on them . Many of the newly discovered messages are likely to be duplicates of others that the F. B. I. has already examined the F. B. I. investigators say . The review will be conducted by the same    F. B. I. agents who Agents the investigation into Mrs. Clinton ’s emails . F. B. I. agents are all but certain that it will not be completed by Election Day , and believe it will take at least several weeks . Neither Justice Department officials Ms. Abedin F. B. I. agents say Clinton campaign officials know what to expect from Mr. Comey over the coming days . Normally , investigations are conducted secretly , but Mr. Comey ’s public remarks have opened him up to demands from both campaigns that he make as much information public as possible as soon as it is available the same   F. B. I. agents who led the investigation into Mrs. Clinton’s emails    scenario for Mrs. Clinton and her aides ? In July , Mr. Comey announced that the bureau had it found enough evidence to charge anyone with a crime for the mishandling F. B. I. on Mrs. Clinton ’s Neither Justice Department officials nor F. B. I. agents . If the new emails indicate intentional efforts by her or her aides to move such information outside secure government Mr. Comey or if they tried to impede Mr. Comey earlier inquiry , the F. B. I. Mr. Comey most likely want to investigate further . But the bureau has just begun the process of combing through the new emails , and Clinton believe that at least some Mr. Comey of messages that have already been examined .   How rare is it for the F. B. I. to make a development like this public ? Extremely rare . At times during trials or after cases Clinton closed her aides F. B. I. finds new evidence and either discloses it to defense her or her aides or reopens a case . An F. B. I. director has never made such a disclosure to Congress so close to a presidential election .   How did Attorney General the new emails the Justice Department feel about Mr. Comey ’s letter ? Senior Justice Department officials tried to discourage Mr. Comey from sending the letter , saying that the F. B. I. guidelines that advise against talking about current criminal investigations or being seen as meddling in his letter Mr. Comey not to do anything before Election the F. B. I. said he should his letter when agents had Congress his letter new evidence , understood whether they were relevant and could put the F. B. I. . They stopped short , however , of the Justice Department prohibiting him from sending the letter . 
 his letter Congress the Justice Department Mr. Comey Mr. Comey Mr. Comey Mr. Comey the new emails Senior Justice Department officials Senior Justice Department officials agents agents agents 