Good morning . Here ’s what you need to know : • The Trump administration took shape . The Transportation Department , the focus of    Donald J. Trump ’s pledge to spend billions on infrastructure , will be led by Elaine Chao . Elaine Chao is a former labor secretary and is married to the Senate ’s top Republican , Mitch McConnell . Tom Price , a    Republican congressman from Georgia who is a chief critic of President Obama ’s health care initiative , will oversee its President Obama’s health care initiative . Steven Mnuchin , a former Goldman Sachs partner who has worked in hedge funds and Hollywood finance , is Mr. Trump ’s expected choice for Treasury secretary . _ _ _ _ _ • Mr. Trump , who has been communicating with the public through social media rather than news conferences , proposed two unconstitutional measures in a single tweet : forbidding the burning of the American flag , a right under free speech , and stripping the culprit of citizenship . _ _ _ _ _ • Austria could elect Norbert Hofer , above , as the first    head of state in    War II Europe on Sunday , in what could be yet another victory for populists on the Continent . As support for    parties is rising across Europe , new research suggests that people have become more critical of democracy . " The warning signs are flashing red , " one scholar said . And another tectonic shift is coming to the European order : leaders are increasingly seeking to accommodate a resurgent Russia . _ _ _ _ _   • The ferocious offensive in eastern Aleppo , in Syria , has forced some 16 , 000 people to flee for their The ferocious offensive in eastern Aleppo, in Syria in the last few days , a United Nations official said . Leaflets warned inhabitants : " If you do n’t leave these areas quickly you will be annihilated . " John O. Brennan , the C. I. A. director , accused Russia of " disingenuous " negotiating tactics in Syria Syria an interview with the BBC . He John O. Brennan, the C. I. A. director warned that scrapping the Iran nuclear agreement would be " the height of folly . " _ _ _ _ _ • A handful of people survived after a plane crashed outside Medellín , Colombia , killing many members of Chapecoense , a Brazilian soccer team , and journalists traveling with them A handful of people Plane crashes can be uniquely devastating when a sports team is on board . Here ’s a look at other crashes , including one that involved the Manchester United team in 1958 . _ _ _ _ _ • Our correspondent returned to the Egyptian port city of Alexandria to find a place where despair had displaced the hope and anticipation of the 1960s . The country ’s parliament endorsed a law regulating nongovernmental organizations that human rights groups say effectively bans their human rights groups . _ _ _ _ _ • The price of oil fell ahead of today ’s OPEC meeting , where the rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran may sink a possible agreement to curb production for the first time in eight years . • Volkswagen has failed to reach a settlement with some American customers over its Volkswagen scandal . A hearing set for today has been postponed to   . • Drug regulators in the U. S. approved    clinical trials to study MDMA , the illegal party drug better known as Ecstasy , as treatment for    stress disorder . • The Bank of England said that the outlook on Britain ’s financial stability " remains challenging . " The The Bank of England a stress test . •   Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • Germany arrested an employee of its domestic intelligence agency . Germany man is accused of posting Islamist messages online and sharing secrets . [ Reuters ] • The Five Star Movement , the Italian party campaigning against changes to the country ’s Constitution in Germany on Sunday , has been tied to online outlets that spread conspiracy theories . [ BuzzFeed ] • The Islamic State claimed the attack on Monday at Ohio State University , calling the    American student , seen here in a recent photo , who ran over people with a car and knifed others " a soldier . " [ The New York Times ] • Britain ’s new surveillance law took effect . It requires web and phone companies Britain store a year of personal browsing data to which the authorities will have unprecedented access . [ The Guardian ] • A former youth coach has been charged with eight counts of child sexual assault over a scandal that has shaken English soccer . [ The New York Times ] • A vast arched shelter slid into place over the Chernobyl nuclear disaster site in Ukraine , intended to protect against any additional spewing of toxic material for a century . [ The New York Times ] [The New York Times] • The New York Times this year . [ Moscow Times ] • Leave or be driven out : Residents of coastal villages in Alaska are grappling with difficult decisions on how and when to relocate in the face of flooding and erosion linked to climate change . The state is warming twice as fast as the rest of the United States , Alaska to the forefront of adaptation . • Die Antwoord , the confrontational South African    Alaska , have become something entirely unexpected : Hollywood . • Germany , the land of beer , riesling and schnapps , has gone gin mad • • The Times first prepared a report on the death of Fidel Castro in 1959 . It has since cost us more hours than any other obituary we ’ve ever run . The Times And at a moment when technology has made cultivating relationships us , but also shallower , one writer considers the importance of true friendships . We told you last week about Lee    a deaf South Korean tennis player who is ranked 143rd in the world , a notable achievement in the sport ’s professional era . But a keen reader informed us that more than 100 years ago , a British player who lost her hearing was We a champion . Charlotte Cooper Sterry was a rising star at a time when female players wore dresses and used wooden rackets . Her style of attacking the net and serving overhand were rare then . A year after Charlotte Cooper Sterry her first Wimbledon title in 1895 , she went completely deaf   —    why is Charlotte Cooper Sterry clear . But Ms. Sterry won Charlotte Cooper Sterry tournament ( it was for amateurs only back then ) four more Charlotte Cooper Sterry well as an Olympic gold medal in 1900 . Ms. Sterry played into her 40s and died in 1966 at age 96 . Her achievements were Charlotte Cooper Sterry in history by Charlotte Cooper Sterry like Helen Wills Moody of the United States , Charlotte Cooper Sterry also won many Wimbledon titles , including four consecutively from 1927 to 1930 . In that stretch , she lost just one set at the tournament : in 1927 to Ms. Sterry ’s daughter . " Charlotte Cooper Sterry is this Miss Sterry ? " a Times article reported stunned spectators asking . An agitated man revealed the older Ms. Sterry ’s feats . He added , " Look up your records , you ignorant scriveners . " Sean Alfano contributed reporting An agitated man _ _ _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes . com . 
 