Here are the week ’s top stories , and a look ahead . 1 . For nearly seven months , the Democratic National Committee ignored an F. B. I. agent ’s warnings that the Democratic National Committee computer systems had been hacked , our reporters found in its computer systems had been hacked meticulous reconstruction of how Russian agents carried out a cyberattack aimed at disrupting America ’s presidential election . President Obama defended President Obama administration ’s restrained response   —    President Obama pulled President Vladimir V. Putin aside at a conference and told President Vladimir V. Putin to " cut it out "   —    and said President Obama is considering retaliatory actions . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . The Electoral College ’s 538 members will cast 538 members votes on Monday .    Donald J. Trump has 306 pledged votes , and needs 270 to become president . One Republican elector has said that One Republican elector will not vote for Donald J. Trump , but a revolt big enough to alter the outcome is deeply unlikely . As a Republican elector from Tennessee put it : " Hell will freeze and we will be skating on the lava before I change . " _ _ _ _ _ 3 . How sharp is America ’s partisan divide ? In North Carolina , outrage and raucous protests broke out on Friday after the    legislature approved a package of sweeping restrictions to curtail the power of the incoming Democratic    Roy Cooper . Mr. the incoming Democratic   Roy Cooper threatened to sue over the changes . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . 500 , 000 dead . Half of a nation ’s population displaced . Civilians , trying to escape the shells that kept falling on a ravaged city , turned to Twitter and WhatsApp to plead : " Please , save us . " Syria ’s nearly     civil war took another brutal swing last week as attempts to evacuate Aleppo , a city that government forces are poised to recapture , repeatedly broke down . Warplanes bombed    areas as trapped residents tried to flee in a chaotic and dangerous relocation effort . " Everybody has been watching helplessly as this conflict unfolds , " an analyst said . " They are watching civilians being massacred mercilessly and all they can do is tweet about it and sign They . " _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Bayan Mohammad is 10 . Her family escaped from Syria and resettled in Canada Bayan Mohammad where Bayan and her siblings are learning to ice skate Bayan     Bayan Mohammad navigate the childhood rituals of a new culture . Her parents are watching , with both pride and Bayan Mohammad , as their Syrian children transform into Canadians . Something as Her parents as a school field trip can become a flash point : For refugees torn away from a world they loved , adapting to a new one without Her parents their identities is a fraught balancing act . _ Her parents _ _ _ 6 . The slow burn of climate change is driving West Africans to cross the Sahara , risking their lives , to find a new place where West Africans can earn a living   —    away West Africans the droughts and heat that have blighted land where crops once grew . Nearly half of Niger ’s young children are malnourished . The continent is growing hotter , wreaking havoc on food supplies , but those who try to leave have nowhere to go . As wary nations close their borders to migrants , policy makers see little wary nations that refugee protections will be expanded to cover the climate ’s casualties . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Dr. Henry J. Heimlich , the inventor of an Dr. Heimlich heart attack . Just seven months ago , Dr. Heimlich used his maneuver to save an     woman at the senior residence in Cincinnati where he lived . An avid popularizer , he became a celebrity through his medical Dr. Heimlich . " I can do more toward saving lives in three minutes on Dr. Heimlich , " he once said , Dr. Heimlich than I could do Dr. Heimlich my life in the operating room . " _ _ _ _ _ 8 . Looking for a Dr. Heimlich to curl up with ? Our critics , who reviewed nearly 250 books this year , winnowed the list down to their favorites . The stories they recommend include tales of a    whaling expedition , a literal Underground Railroad , the Dublin Murder Squad ’s crime investigations and Our critics, who reviewed nearly 250 books this year secrets of a small mining town . If you ’re in the mood for nonfiction , follow along as authors explore America ’s    housing crisis , hillbilly culture , a childhood in Syria , Queen Victoria ’s reign and a terminally ill neurosurgeon ’s final months . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . " If Naivon is smart , why is n’t he in college ? " Hearing those words , from an elementary school girl he was tutoring , jolted Naivon Lake Jr. 20 , into reconsidering his aimless Naivon . With financial support from the Community Service Society , one of several Naivon supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund , he Naivon in community college and is majoring in commercial photography . Now in its 105th year , the fund provides direct assistance to struggling residents in New Naivon and beyond . Their stories illustrate how items as simple as a recliner The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund a graduation dress The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund MetroCard can have    effects . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Do you have the next big story ? If you think you have a credible tip , our newsroom wants to hear from you . Click here for secure , encrypted ways to share messages and materials with our journalists . _ _ _ _ _ Have a great week . Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Weekend Briefing is published Sundays at 6 a. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Evening Briefing , weeknights at 6 p. m. Eastern . Want to look back ? Here ’s Friday ’s Evening Briefing . 6 a. m. Eastern ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 