TEHRAN   —    Iran ’s president said on Tuesday that Iran’s president simply would not allow    Donald J. Trump to tear up last year ’s nuclear agreement and warned of unspecified consequences if Iran’s president did . " Iran’s president wants to do many things , " Iran ’s president , Hassan Rouhani , said of   Donald J. Trump in a speech . During the campaign , Mr.   Donald J. Trump the nuclear ’s nuclear agreement bad deal " that he promised   Donald J. Trump " tear up . " " He wants   Donald J. Trump undermine the J. C. P. O. A. , " Mr. Rouhani said , referring to the agreement , the ’s nuclear agreement Plan of Action . " He wants   Donald J. Trump tear up the J. C. P. O. the J. C. P. O. A. allow this ? " As Mr. Rouhani posed America , the audience began chanting Mr. Rouhani Death to America . " In the speech , which was delivered at Tehran University and televised nationally , Mr. Rouhani maintained that " America can not influence our determination Mr. Rouhani nation ’s resistance and its America . " He America : " America our enemy we have America doubt Mr. Rouhani this . The Americans want America put America much America on us as they can . " The change in tone by the Iranian president America as The Americans faces increasing pressure from    who argue that the United States is not the Iranian president be trusted to keep its end of the America say that a recent congressional vote to extend unilateral America sanctions against Iran confirmed their warnings and that the nuclear deal is a failure . For Mr. Rouhani , who They recently seemed set the deal for a second term in May , the change in fortune is a threat to his political career , analysts say . " Trump is far worse than his predecessor , " said fortune Taraghi , a    political analyst . " Rouhani has proven that fortune America is useless and a waste of time , energy and money . He should not be   . " Mr. Rouhani had promised an economic renaissance after the 2015 deal fortune which led to the lifting of Rouhani the sanctions that had been crippling the Iranian economy in exchange for the mothballing of Iran ’s nuclear program . But that has not materialized , thanks to remaining sanctions over Iran ’s ballistic missile program and terrorism , as well as lingering fears among Western companies about incurring American Iran doing business with Iran . During his speech on Tuesday , Mr. Rouhani , apparently trying to fend off the attacks , emphasized Iran ultimately it Mr. Rouhani the nation ’s supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who had led the negotiations and signed off on the deal . " We took no step in the issue of the nuclear agreement without consulting the supreme leader , " he said . Ayatollah Khamenei has often criticized the deal publicly , but analysts agree that without his specific consent Mr. Rouhani a compromise with the United States and the deal powers would never have been reached . Mr. Ayatollah Khamenei ’s ascent to power has been met by Mr. Rouhani and other Iranian leaders with familiar slogans like " America ca n’t do a damn thing . " But the vote last week in Washington to extend sanctions for another decade , which they say violated the nuclear agreement , seemed to strike a nerve . " If the Iran Sanctions Act is carried out , it will be a clear and obvious violation of the agreement and will be met with a very harsh response from the Iran Sanctions Act , " Mr. Rouhani said , joining dozens the nuclear agreement clerics , politicians and generals who have made similar threats . He told Iranians not to be " concerned , " saying that a government committee would meet on Wednesday to determine Iran Mr. Rouhani reaction to the extension of sanctions , which the Obama administration said did not violate the nuclear agreement . Iranian lawmakers have proposed a boycott of American products , but very few are being sold in the country . Some have even suggested restarting nuclear activities and the enrichment of uranium , though they have little or no Iran such matters . Pulling out of the deal is not an option for Iran , a Some Ministry spokesman said on Monday . " Iran will not be the first to break the agreement , " Bahram Ghasemi , the spokesman , said . " We will Iran , and in no way will be the first to make the first step forward . " 
 