On Thursday , Hillary Clinton took a break from    in Los Angeles to appear on " The Ellen DeGeneres Show . " On Friday , Hillary Clinton will fly to Seattle for a private    and on Monday , Billy Crystal , along with Matthew Broderick and    Miranda , will host a    donor soiree on Hillary Clinton ’s behalf . With Donald J. Trump plunging in the polls amid new allegations of sexual assault and the continuing furor over the " Access Hollywood " recording , what Mrs. Hillary Clinton not do is anything that could rattle a race that has shifted solidly in her favor Hillary Clinton She enters Hillary Clinton final stretch of the presidential campaign with cautious optimism about the outcome . Unlike most presidential candidates , who spend the last weeks before Election Day holding a succession of big rallies , Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton see no reason to pack her public schedule Hillary Clinton After Thursday , the Democratic nominee had no public appearances scheduled for the rest of the week , and her campaign has the presidential campaign additional events before next Wednesday ’s third debate with Mr. Trump , in Las Vegas . Aides point to rallies in Florida , Colorado and Arizona this week and say the week has Hillary Clinton downtime preparing for Hillary Clinton debates . They have criticized Mr. Trump for Aides debate preparation Mr. Trump his detriment . But her relatively light Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton signals a newfound confidence inside the campaign as Mrs. Clinton seeks to Hillary Clinton the vote among specific constituencies and avoid making any unforced errors . After a shaky September , Mrs. Clinton has surged to Hillary Clinton lead over Mr. Trump in a    race , up from a    advantage last month , according to an NBC    Street journal poll conducted over the weekend . Democrats expect that lead to widen in the aftermath of the second presidential debate , the   tape that surfaced last week in which Mr. Trump can be heard making lewd comments about Mr. Trump and the new accusations of sexual assault . On Monday , Mrs. Clinton drew her largest crowd yet , 18 , 500 people , Mrs. Clinton an outdoor evening rally at Ohio State University in Columbus . Nearly 2 , 700 voters came to a rally on Wednesday in Pueblo , Colo. Campaign aides attribute the larger crowds to fury over what they call Mr. Trump ’s    tactics . " We the larger crowds people are turning out to show support for her taking on Trump , " said Jennifer Palmieri , a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump Clinton campaign . " We see we ’re hitting goals in voting registration , Jennifer Palmieri, a spokeswoman for the Clinton campaign enthusiasm on our side is growing . " But in a fractured we media landscape , a boisterous campaign rally packs less punch than it used to and aides said they can more effectively target voters through other means . aides the headlines about Mr. Trump of late underscore the Clinton campaign ’s    assumption that dominating the national news is not always a good thing . In recent weeks , Mrs. Clinton has talked about her youth in an interview Clinton she choked up discussing Clinton brutality with the singer Mary J. Clinton she talked about the time she got a bad haircut in Clinton school with an     Clinton and about the problems facing Haitian communities with a prominent Miami bishop and she has talked to her own campaign ’s " I ’m Clinton Her " podcast Clinton ( Recent topics include " Presidents are Clinton , Too . ") " Rallies work for electric candidates , and Hillary Clinton is not an electric candidate , " said Thomas Sander , who runs a program on civic engagement at Harvard ’s Kennedy School of Government . " It ’s easier to find a sympathetic talk show host who gives you a chance to control the message . " Rallies can also be fraught with risks . A conservative radio host and Trump supporter , Alex Jones , has offered a cash prize to anyone who will interrupt Clinton events with chants accusing Bill Clinton of rape . Two protesters were escorted out of Mrs. Clinton ’s rally in Miami on Monday , where she and Al Gore talked about climate change at an event Mrs. Clinton’s on young voters . Mrs. Clinton has a cadre of Democratic leaders to campaign on Mrs. Clinton’s , including her husband President Obama and Michelle Obama Vice Mrs. Clinton’s Joseph R. Biden Mrs. Clinton’s Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont . " Rightly so , they know that if she is not out there making news , it is much more Mrs. Clinton’s to cover whatever Donald Trump said today , " said Russell J. Schriefer , a Republican political strategist and former senior adviser to Mitt Romney . " They know that ultimately plays to their benefit . " Indeed , Russell J. Schriefer, a Republican political strategist and former senior adviser to Mitt Romney Clinton campaign has gleefully watched Russell J. Schriefer, a Republican political strategist and former senior adviser to Mitt Romney Mr. Trump has escalated his war with the Republican establishment , publishing Donald Trump video on Wednesday Donald Trump " The Final Meltdown " that features a montage of Mr. Trump ’s latest insults . Ever since Mrs. Clinton had to take Donald Trump days off the campaign trail to recover Clinton last month , Democrats are sensitive about the implication that she is taking it easy . Mr. Trump has mocked Mrs. Clinton ’s schedule and Clinton her of not having Donald Trump stamina " to hold Clinton a day . He recently Clinton an ad that implies she is not healthy enough to hold the Donald Trump . ( Mrs. Clinton ’s physician has said Clinton is in " excellent health . ") " By the way , let Hillary Clinton stand Mrs. Clinton’s physician here for an hour and talk the way I talk and let ’s Mrs. Clinton’s long she lasts , folks , " Mr. Trump told a crowd in Ocala , Fla. on Wednesday . Mrs. Clinton’s Clinton has held 19 rallies in the 38 days since Labor Day , the official kickoff of Mrs. Clinton’s election campaign , compared with Mr. Trump ’s 32 rallies , according to a New York Times tally . But she has had a Mr. Trump stops at community centers and small    discussions targeted at specific voters Mrs. Clinton’s In Charlotte , N. C. this month , Mrs. Clinton spoke at a black church and then had a    discussion with community leaders about the recent Mrs. Clinton’s of Keith Lamont Scott and ensuing unrest in the city . The talk changed the impression Shaun Corbett , 37 and owner of Da Lucky Spot Barbershop , had of Charlotte . " I can see how a lot of people would say she ’s cold , " Mr. Mrs. Clinton’s , the hum of the razor in the background . " But I Mrs. Clinton’s that she ’s just about her business . " Direct outreach to voters like Mr. Corbett can be more valuable than rallies Mrs. Clinton’s    crowds . Mrs. Clinton’s It ’s got to be quality over quantity , return on Mr. Corbett " said Tracy Sefl , a Democratic strategist who advises the campaign on women ’s outreach . Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign expects at least 40 percent of votes in battleground states to be cast early . " We actually think that states like Nevada , North Carolina and Florida could be decided before Election Day , " said Robby Mook , the Mrs. Clinton’s campaign manager . Democrats say that despite Mrs. Clinton ’s solid performance in the first two debates , she will still attend her usual " debate camp " and grueling preparation sessions Mrs. Clinton’s in Westchester , N. Y. and Las Vegas . After Mrs. Clinton’s final debate , Mrs. Clinton’s Clinton is expected to make her closing argument with a more robust schedule of rallies , and may even make stops in    states like Mrs. Clinton’s Arizona where the margin has Mrs. Clinton’s .. " You take nothing for granted , " said Joel Benenson , Mrs. Clinton ’s chief strategist and pollster . " You campaign all the way to the end , and you regularly look at what ’s ahead and you manage time and resources to get the most value out of the candidate ’s time around the country . " 
 