( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . The Obama administration struck back at Russia for The Obama administration efforts to influence the 2016 election , listing a sweeping set of sanctions that could box in    Donald J. Trump . Mr. Trump , who has consistently cast doubt on a Russian role in the hacking , will now have to decide whether to lift the sanctions   —    effectively rejecting the findings of intelligence agencies .   Donald J. Trump responded to the the sanctions   reiterating his   Donald J. Trump to " move on . " But he   Donald J. Trump to meet with intelligence officials . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . The Syrian government and Russia announced a    with rebel groups and with Turkey   —    a potential game changer in a civil war that has lasted six years . Many previous agreements have failed , but the dynamics have changed since    forces fully retook Aleppo . In Iraq , a long and difficult fight lies ahead for forces trying to liberate Mosul from the Islamic State . Our photojournalist documented what it ’s like inside the fighting zone . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . " Israelis do not need to be lectured about the importance of peace by foreign leaders , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said , reacting to Secretary of State John Kerry ’s harsh rebuke of Israel for settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem . Leaders from both sides of the settlement debate said Mr. Kerry had John Kerry’s " eulogy " for a    solution . The address was criticized by U. S. lawmakers from both parties , and was essentially rejected by    Donald J. Trump even before it was delivered . The address _ _ _ _ 4 . Germany and its former colony , Germany , are engaged in intense negotiations to put an end to one of Europe ’s ugliest chapters in Africa ’s past . Tens of thousands of Namibians were killed in what historians call the 20th century ’s first genocide . Germany is finally close Germany recognizing it as such . Germany , a memorial in Namibia . _ _ Namibia _ _ 5 . " We have 700 murders here . I do n’t want my kids to be 701 . " Victor Bloomingberg , a father in Chicago , talks about the dangers children face while walking to school in the city . The number of people murdered there in 2016 has actually climbed above 750 , a 58 percent increase over last year and more than in New York and Los Angeles combined . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . China ’s " iPhone City " was built in large part on billions of dollars worth of perks , tax breaks and subsidies , our investigation reveals . The world ’s biggest iPhone factory , which can make 500 , 000 of the devices per day , illustrates how China not only provides China large pool of labor it also offers incentives China would be difficult to replicate in the United States . The iPhone still costs iPhone American stores than in Chinese ones . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . When a female sophomore at Stanford University accused a player on the school ’s football team of rape , she turned to the school a female sophomore at Stanford University interdisciplinary board school’s . But Stanford has an uncommonly high Stanford University for sexual assault cases . Despite the majority of people on two panels ruling in favor of the accuser , the athlete was never punished . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . No one can know if actress Debbie Reynolds   —    who died on Wednesday , a day after the death of her daughter , Carrie Fisher   actress Debbie Reynolds      died of a broken heart . But death from a broken heart is a    occurrence . It ’s called Takotsubo syndrome , death from a broken heart a sudden flood of stress hormones causes a temporary weakening of the heart muscle . We spoke with a photographer who captured an intimate photo of a young Ms. Fisher watching her mother perform . _ _ a young Ms. Fisher _ _ 9 . As the Year of the Rooster approaches in China , a     statue of one was installed in the northern Chinese city of Taiyuan . It bears a remarkable resemblance to a    statue of one Trump . The Seattle resident who designed the statue declined to comment on a    statue of one gave the bird    features , The Seattle resident who designed the statue he remarked on Twitter that the statue The Seattle resident who designed the statue " way more yuge a    statue of one expected . " _ _ _ _ _ 10 . From the summit of a slumbering Hawaiian volcano , the    short for Panoramic Survey Telescope and Rapid Response System , has created the biggest digital map of the cosmos ever made . It lists the positions , colors and brightness the biggest digital map of the cosmos ever made three billion stars , galaxies and other objects that amount to two petabytes of data , roughly equivalent to a billion selfies . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , meet a running marvel . Ed Whitlock , 85 , of Milton , Ontario , has set dozens of    records , from the metric mile to the marathon . In October , he set the Toronto Waterfront Marathon record at the Toronto Waterfront Marathon and he the oldest person to run 26 . 2 miles in under four hours . " He ’s about as close as you can get he minimal aging in a human individual , " said Dr. Michael Joyner , a researcher at the Mayo Clinic who has studied performance and aging . Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. Your Evening Briefing and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 