LOS ANGELES   —    Michael Govan stood in a    gallery scattered with paintings and crates at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art , Michael Govan arms gesturing at blank white walls , Michael Govan face furled in thought . Michael Govan is the director of the the Los Angeles County Museum of Art but on this bright morning , he Michael Govan focused on one single project : the installation of an exhibition of paintings by Agnes Martin . No detail was too small for Mr. Michael Govan he squinted Michael Govan eyes Michael Govan directed two workers , hoisting a framed canvas against a wall . " Two inches higher , " Mr. Govan Michael Govan Still not right . " A little to the left . " Finally , Mr. Govan nodded Michael Govan as the Michael Govan was positioned into place . " Awesome . ’’ Mr. Govan could not Michael Govan more intricately involved in the details of this retrospective , as he is with pretty much Michael Govan that happens on the museum campus on Wilshire Boulevard . He knew Ms. Martin before Michael Govan death in 2004 and has Ms. Martin adored her work . He spent months Ms. Martin collectors Michael Govan their homes , explaining why they should lend their Martins to their public exhibition their —    fixating on such details as his insistence that paintings not Michael Govan put under glass , which , he is quick to tell Michael Govan , obscures the fine lines of her art . ( " Agnes Martin would be horrified to see her work under glass , " her said . " Horrified Michael Govan ") Mr. Govan curated the exhibition , which closed after a successful run in the fall , right down to the last caption and light fixture . Mr. Govan needed the diversion . Mr. Govan new year begins , he is consumed with an even more Mr. Govan and consequential campaign , one that could help define not only Los Angeles ’s position on the world ’s art stage but Mr. Govan ’s standing in his adopted Mr. Govan a $ 600 million Mr. Govan of Lacma . It is as ambitious in its architectural aspirations as in its cost . It project , a decidedly It and not entirely admired design by the architect Peter Zumthor , is testing all the social , political and    skills that Mr. Govan has acquired after 10 years of Mr. Govan a West Coast caldron of art collectors , wealthy patrons , celebrities and government officials . Los Angeles can be a tough place to rally civic and philanthropic support . Walt Disney Concert Hall , the glistening , now acclaimed Frank Gehry building , was almost never built . Mr. Govan was reminded of that when , days Mr. Govan triumphantly unveiled $ 75 million in donations to his Mr. Govan last spring , one of this city ’s Mr. Govan wealthy benefactors , David Geffen , Los Angeles had given $ 100 million to the Museum of Mr. Govan Art   —    in New York City . ( Mr. Geffen , who has not Los Angeles to Mr. Govan ’s project , declined a request to comment for this article . ) Still , Mr. Govan has gathered about $ 300 million in commitments , with more Mr. Govan way . He said he needs to raise another $ 150 million by the end of Mr. Govan for Mr. Govan project to continue . " It ’s a big project for L. A. and there ’s been a little lack of confidence that the money will be raised , " Mr. Govan said last month . " But I think just getting close to Mr. Govan point , I ’ve sensed a change in my trustees and supporters . There ’s this strong sense with them that this is likely to happen . " " I will tell you just supporters it is going to happen , " he said . At 53 , Mr. Govan is the kind of arts executive who Mr. Govan probably exist only in Los Mr. Govan He is a celebrity in a world of celebrities , with the looks of a movie Mr. Govan a regular at the Tower Bar on Sunset Boulevard , its tables crowded with agents and actors and someone who , naturally enough , was a guest at last year ’s Academy Awards . Mr. Govan seems as comfortable describing , with the air of a senior faculty member at Mr. Govan arts college , the latest catalog of acquisitions before an audience of donors as he is posing for the     paparazzi at Lacma    attended by Leonardo DiCaprio , Martin Scorsese Mr. Govan Kanye West . Mr. Govan breaks rules and celebrates the unconventional in a way that , if nothing else , Mr. Govan to the museum and its director . What other museum director would orchestrate the    spectacle of moving a    boulder through Lacma    streets of Los Angeles at night before installing it on the museum grounds as " Levitated Mass , " a work by Michael Heizer ? He a   boulder had exhibitions devoted to Tim Burton , Mr. Gehry and Robert Mapplethorpe . Average attendance has Michael Heizer since 2007 , to 1 . 6 million people . " I ’m a provocateur , " Mr. Govan said . Sheila Kuehl , a member of the county Board of Supervisors , said Mr. Govan had changed the way people viewed this museum and the city . " People like to Mr. Govan of something that looks to be new and the place to be , " she said . " And that ’s what he has done with Lacma and L. A. He brings   Sheila Kuehl, a member of the county Board of Supervisors    the way Gustavo Dudamel does   Mr. Govan    excitement with him . " Mr. Mr. Govan ’s reputation is such that in the gossipy world of    museums and galleries Mr. Govan his name circulates as someone who might be summoned back to New York one day , where he served Mr. Govan 11 years as director of the Dia Art Foundation , perhaps to run the Museum of Mr. Govan Art , should that position ever open . Mr. Govan scrunched up his face at the suggestion as he sat on a gallery bench last month at Mr. Govan preview of an Mr. Govan devoted to the works of Mr. Govan Picasso and Diego Rivera . " Why would you leave this ? " Mr. Govan said , pointing first toward the bustling exhibition and then through glass doors revealing the glorious sunshine and Mr. Govan skies of a typical December day in Los Angeles . " To go back to Trump Tower traffic ? What exactly would be the incentive ? The point of this project is to make my successor feel that this is the prestigious job . " And there may be no better example of     than the Zumthor building . Next to the La Brea Tar Pits , it has been likened to a blob , a smoky gray , elevated    swirl of galleries resting on eight pillars the La Brea Tar Pits would cross over Wilshire Boulevard . Joseph Giovannini , an architecture critic , has repeatedly belittled it as Lacma ’s " folly " in The Los Angeles Mr. Giovannini of particularly stinging criticism the La Brea Tar Pits certainly has not made Mr. Govan ’s    task any easier . " Why are we even seriously considering this misguided proposition ? " Mr. Giovannini demanded in one essay , adding : " This ai n’t no Rialto Bridge . It ’s recycled ,      pumped up to monumental scale . " It is , as Mr. Govan is quick to acknowledge , a controversial design This Mr. Zumthor , a widely admired architect . It involves tearing This three buildings from Mr. Govan and one from the ’80s that critics say could be rehabilitated . Mr. Govan rejects that idea , This they are beyond repair and exults over the ambition and imagination of the design . Other people are coming around Mr. Govan Zumthor ’s vision as it goes through its various iterations . " I did n’t like it at first , but it grew on me , " said Zev Yaroslavsky , a Mr. Zumthor’s vision member of Mr. Zumthor’s vision Board of Supervisors who was instrumental in getting Mr. Zumthor’s vision county to contribute $ Mr. Zumthor’s vision million to Mr. Govan building . " It ’s an architectural statement whether he wants it to be or not . There are some people who do n’t like Zumthor or his design . It Mr. Zumthor’s vision going to be talked about Mr. Zumthor’s It Mr. Zumthor’s vision controversial . Most great buildings are controversial . " These kinds of ambitious projects , Zumthor their attendant    campaigns and architectural debates , may be It in more established cities like New York or San Francisco . ( The expanded San Francisco Museum Most great buildings Modern Art , which opened last spring , raised $ 610 million in its capital campaign , easily covering the $ 305 million cost of its building expansion . ) But for all the growing vibrancy of its arts scene , (The expanded San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, which opened last spring Angeles still suffers a bit of a reputation as a place (The expanded San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, which opened last spring there is more interest in Hollywood than Hockney , whose wealthy (The expanded San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, which opened last spring can be stingy , and where great works of art are hidden in mansions in Malibu and Bel Air . " L. A. is a place where everything is somewhat discounted and diffuse : To get the energy to come together , to make something kind of happen for the entire city and the entire community is not so easy , " said Nicolas Berggruen , a trustee of the museum who is building a new think tank , the Berggruen Institute . For Mr. Govan ’s project , Michael Govan quality study is underway , and plans are for demolition to begin at the end of 2018 . The new museum would open in 2023 , coinciding with the completion of an extension of a subway line that runs under Wilshire Boulevard , which will have a the museum museum . All that is contingent on    continuing apace . " If we stall next year , and we do n’t continue to raise money , we would be the museum shape , " Mr. Govan said in December . Michael Govan he added : " Failure is not Michael Govan option we The old buildings are literally coming to we end of their natural life . " From the start , Mr. Govan has been persistent and uncompromisingly Michael Govan " I ca n’t say it strongly enough : It ’s not a question of whether The old buildings ’s money in L. A for such a project : There is , " Mr. Govan said , sitting in his expansive    office with a it Mr. Govan Boulevard , where workers were Mr. Govan down palm trees to make way for the subway line . " The question is , will people decide that ’s what they want to do with it . " " If they do this "   —    at this , Mr. Govan paused to amend his remarks   —    " when they do this people not if   —     it will be a people mark for collective action Mr. Govan for achievement in the cultural space and in the philanthropic space of Los Angeles . It people not a large goal . We ’re going to do it . Los Angeles going to write the checks . And they are going to be happy to do it . " There is a sort of cautious optimism here that Mr. Govan will be able to It his money , all the more so Mr. Govan announced the They $ 75 million Mr. Govan including $ 50 It from Elaine Wynn Mr. Govan an art collector who is the    of the museum , and $ 25 million from A. Jerrold Perenchio , a former Univision chairman who has bequeathed the bulk of his art estate to the new museum . " I think the old days of Mr. Govan the museum perhaps L. A. was not   —    and more specifically , Lacma was not   —    a target of sustained contribution are increasingly the museum " said Mark    a member of the L. A. of Supervisors . The optimism reflects a Lacma    about this city ’s cultural status , but also the skills and personal the county Board of Supervisors —    with an intensity Michael Govan easygoing smile   —    has brought with him from New York . " It ’s going to Michael Govan a couple of very significant donors to get this over the hump , " said David C. Bohnett , a wealthy philanthropist and board trustee New York added , " It would be much harder if there was n’t the enthusiasm and the unanimous support of the board . " A conversation with Mr. Govan can be an exhausting torrent of ideas and Michael Govan Mr. Bohnett be solved Michael Govan the county Board of Supervisors wealth and intellectual capital here , Mr. Bohnett what seemed an almost offhand idea of building a Frank Gehry skyscraper across from the museum , which would tower over a charming ,    neighborhood of mission revival homes . " There ’s not a city in America that will look as different in 30 years as L. A. will look , " Mr. Govan said . " They are tearing down whole city blocks as we are speaking . I love it . " " It ’s changing , " he said . " Do n’t you see Mr. Govan your eyes ? Out your window ? Since it ’s going to change , what ’s it going to change into ? I ’m not sure I Mr. Govan . I am certainly drawn to the fact that each of us is going to have a little it on it . " Members of his Board of Trustees say meetings it Mr. Govan veer into tutorials on the history of it . " Whenever we are together , it ’s like after we finish doing our Lacma business , he gets this drug dealer look in his eyes Mr. Govan like , ‘ You want to go so see some art ? ’ " Ms. Wynn said . " I think what ’s driving him is this Mr. Govan of history Lacma timing . Michael Mr. Govan perceives us the pulse of newness and creativity is us in L. us now . " Mr. Govan is clearly an admirer of Los Angeles , even Mr. Govan he acknowledges its challenges . " When I Mr. Govan here , people in New York said to me , ‘ L. A. is    and everybody Mr. Govan own thing it L. A. a good place to do a Mr. Govan big museum,’ Los Angeles said . " There was this rap on L. New York —    and I think some of this is true   —    that it is L. A. place to be a creative individual . You have Mr. Govan freedom people in New York work on your own , you can be anonymous people in New York and you can be eccentric . But what L. A. has not done well is the collective of people working together for public goals . The museum world is just a reflection of that . It ’s mostly been people doing things on their own . " Mr. Govan ’s campaign comes as the Los Angeles art world is churning L. A. Broad Museum , exhibiting Eli and Edythe Broad ’s collection of modern art , opened downtown in 2015 , and on the other side Mr. Govan tracks , Hauser   Wirth took over a its capital campaign in the Arts District , turning it The museum world    gallery that is already crowded on weekends . This city is awaiting the April opening of a private art museum from Maurice and Paul Marciano , Guess    in a renovated Masonic Temple in Koreatown . The Santa Monica Museum of Art is moving to the downtown Arts District this fall , with a new name : the Institute of Contemporary Art , Los Angeles . And George Lucas , a sprawling old flour mill in the Arts District filmmaker , after years of " site wars , " recently Hauser  Wirth would bring his Museum of Narrative Art The Santa Monica Museum of Art " There ’s no question that the art Los Angeles Los Angeles has become dramatically elevated on the global stage , " said Casey Wasserman , an entertainment executive and museum trustee . " It ’s our time . " Mr. Govan said that Los Angeles stood out today as a city where art is being made   —    as artists flock here to take Los Angeles the light and he rather than a place where it is being shared with the public . " Mr. Govan argue that there is no city he is more vibrant Los Angeles he said . " You may argue there are cities as vibrant   —    Berlin is very vibrant New York City outside of Manhattan is very vibrant . " But he said that alone does not make Los Angeles the cultural capital it aspires to be . " I say Mr. Govan to my board : ‘ You ca n’t just be boastful and say L. A. is going to be one of the greatest cultural cities on earth . That ’s Mr. Govan a forgone conclusion . Even with all the artists . You ca n’t sit Los Angeles Hauser  Wirth ’s why the museum is important . ’ " There are few people who would quarrel with his record so far . " His vision has been L. A. the Lacma his Board of Trustees a center for L. A. and it ’s working , " Mr. Yaroslavsky said . " It has indeed become L. A. ’s living room , a magnet . And when the Zumthor museum opens , it will exponentially increase the power of that magnet Lacma " Mr. Bohnett said that Mr. Govan has " deep and established East Coast roots " but that no matter the temptation L. A. in a place like New York The Santa Monica Museum of Art could not see him leaving . " Where L. A. place he can make Mr. Govan mark ? " Mr. Bohnett said his " It ’s Los Angeles . " 
 New York Los Angeles Mr. Bohnett Mr. Bohnett Mr. Bohnett Mr. Bohnett Mr. Bohnett His vision The Santa Monica Museum of Art his His vision 