On Nov. 8 , American voters for the first time in history will see a woman ’s name on the ballot as a major party ’s nominee for president . A broad majority of voters   —    men and women   —    say A broad majority of voters  —   men and women  —    are happy this milestone has been reached , but fully half of A broad majority of voters  —   men and women  —    say fully half of them would have preferred that that first woman not be Hillary Clinton , according to the latest New York    News poll . the latest New York   News poll looked closely at women ’s political views and broader outlook on American life , as well as how the wider society views the role of women . The the latest New York   News poll that women think more progress has been made toward ending sexism than racism in society . They value the latest New York   News poll more than marriage . They think the latest New York   News poll sexual harassment is a significant issue in the workplace . And they think the latest New York   News poll greatest problem facing American women is inequality in pay and career opportunities . Mrs. Clinton is supported by 52 percent of women likely to vote in November , while 39 percent back Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump with women are significant : 55 percent of female respondents say he does not Mr. Trump women and about half think a Trump presidency would Mr. Trump bad for women . Only 11 percent think electing him would be Mr. Trump for women , while 45 percent of women say Mrs. Clinton ’s election would benefit them . Mrs. women ’s Mrs. Clinton little to reverse women ’s perceptions of gender discrimination in America , and in many cases , their views differ sharply from women’s ’s .    percent of women   —    but just 35 percent of men   —    think there are more advantages in being a man than in being a woman in society today . Majorities of women with a college degree , those who identify as Democrats , those younger than 30 , those with household incomes of at least $ 100 , 000 , and black women all say men hold an advantage . Asked to name the most important problem facing women today , women cited issues related to gender inequality in the workplace , primarily pay , more than any other . Gender divisions were particularly pronounced on issues related to the workplace .    of women said women in the United States are paid less than men doing similar work , while 55 percent of men held the same opinion . " What I see that as a reflection of is that we have a done a good job on the awareness issue , " said Teresa Boyer , executive director of the Center for Women and Work at Rutgers University . " The negative is that it still exists . " Women were also more likely than men to say there is " a lot " of sexual harassment in most American workplaces today   —    fully    said so , compared with 18 percent of men . But the same number of men and women , 53 percent , acknowledge that there is " some . " Younger women and    women are most likely to say there is a lot of sexual harassment . A poll of women conducted for Virginia Slims in 1994 found virtually the same result :    of women said there was some sexual harassment or a lot in the workplace . By a ratio of almost two to one   —    51 percent to 27 percent   —    American women think more progress has been made in overcoming sexism than racism in the past 20 years . But Joyce Coleman , an    Mrs. Coleman interview that there had been less progress toward ending sexism . " I ’m 71 years old and I was born in Mississippi , so I ’ve experienced racism from several different quarters , " Mrs. Coleman said . She said that although racism had not disappeared , there is " a lot more tolerance , " and Mrs. Coleman could not say the same about sexism because of " things that continue to happen to women in Mrs. Coleman workplace . " The nationwide poll was conducted from Sept. 9 through 13 on landlines and cellphones with 1 , 770 adults and has an overall margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points . Men are significantly more likely than women to see themselves as ever being leaders in business or government . Nearly half of men say they could achieve this Men less than a third of women do .    women are much more likely Nearly half of men white women to see themselves as leaders ( 40 percent versus 26 percent ) . Likewise , women younger than 45 and those women more education or higher incomes are the more likely than other women to think this high level of leadership is achievable . Carla Lytle , a       manages election officials at the Election Commission in Shelby County , Tenn. and is one of the survey participants who sees herself as a leader . " Initially I was a     mom , and I have a large family : eight children , " Ms. Lytle said . " I    them . I think the leadership skills and things I learned at Carla Lytle was able to bring to the workplace . It ’s just hard work and being able to be structured and organized and sustain a vision : having a vision and working for something . " Women rate success at work as much more important than their appearance in determining how they feel about themselves , but significantly more think that society places a higher emphasis on looks than on their their at work their    percent of women say their appearance is very important in how they view themselves their while 71 percent say society judges them by their percent of women appearance .    women are far percent of women likely percent of women rate their appearance as very important . percent of women percent percent of women women think Mrs. Clinton is a good role model for women women By contrast , in 2007 , during her first campaign for the presidency , a    News poll found that 70 percent considered her a good role Mrs. Clinton . Willa Speiser , 68 , a freelance editor in Warwick , N. Y. plans Mrs. Clinton vote for her but does Ms. Speiser much of what she Mrs. Clinton because of who she Mrs. Clinton , " Ms. Speiser said . " Mrs. Clinton do n’t think she ’s Mrs. Clinton good role model for Mrs. Clinton because it ’s not a life path that a lot of women Mrs. Clinton available to them . " Significantly more men than women consider marriage to be very important . While 58 percent of men said being married is very important , just 47 percent of women a lot of women said so . Most women with household incomes over $ 100 , 000 , those who identify as Republicans and those between the ages of 30 and 45 said marriage is very important to them . But in roughly equal numbers ( almost   ) both men and women said being a parent was very important to them . Women under the age of 30 were Most women with household incomes over $100, 000, those who identify as Republicans and those between the ages of 30 and 45 said likely to rate parenthood as very important , but still , 59 percent hold this belief . Nancy Brownell , a     both men and women teacher in Houston , said : " I ’ve been married 47 years , and I have a good marriage . But it was another time . Marriage was another thing on your list . You could n’t at that time go to a hotel and check in by yourself . When I went to college , they locked a good marriage into the dorms at 11 at night . " Today , she said , " I think a woman can do Nancy Brownell, a    retired teacher in Houston well on her own . " 
 a good marriage they a woman 