A stark white background . Unfamiliar faces .    phrases reducing women to women body parts . Priorities USA , the Democratic " super PAC " supporting Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign , is kicking off PAC advertising for the general election on Wednesday with a new ad , titled " Speak , " that uses Donald J. Trump ’s own statements against Donald J. Trump to depict Donald J. Trump as a misogynist and unworthy of the White House . It is strikingly similar to a commercial broadcast in March by Our Principles PAC , a Republican group that sought unsuccessfully to derail Donald J. Trump ’s march toward the party ’s nomination . The two ads cast a spotlight on many of the same remarks , with one essential difference : the voice that viewers hear . The Republican ad , " Quotes , " was released just before the Florida and Ohio primaries , and sought to spur outrage at Mr. Donald J. Trump behalf of " our mothers , " " our sisters , " " our daughters our " On the screen , seven different women take turns reading aloud Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump their expressions and inflections seven different women their disdain , or seven different women disgust , for the lines they were asked to seven different women . The Democratic ad , " Speak , " grew directly out of " Quotes , " after tests by Priorities USA found that of all the    commercials , that one had resonated particularly well with voters that Priorities was hoping to persuade . But rather than hire actresses , Priorities said , it Priorities USA voters   Priorities USA    male and female   —    who had not previously been familiar with Mr. Trump ’s more offensive remarks about women . A more noticeable tweak : Rather than have them deliver Mr. Trump women lines Mr. Trump these people merely lip Mr. Trump Mr. women is the only Mr. Trump . Message Our Principles PAC portrayed Mr. Trump ’s utterances as offensive to Mr. Trump in voters’ lives , appealing to viewers’ sense of chivalry , in a way . Priorities USA puts the question more directly : " Does Donald Trump really speak for you ? " Priorities also brings men on camera . One , standing beside a young girl ,    as Mr. Trump suggests that if Ivanka Trump were not Donald Trump , " perhaps I ’d be dating her Donald Trump " Style The Priorities USA ad includes a his daughter soundtrack , but it steals slightly from the impact of the words . Style The Priorities USA ad Principles let each quote sink in . Bottom Line By using audio clips of Mr. Trump ’s voice , the Priorities USA ad heightens Ivanka Trump of authenticity . But Style The Priorities USA ad Republican ad had greater freedom to add their own vocal interpretations   —    Style The Priorities USA ad the point more effectively than a gesture the actresses in the Republican ad arched eyebrow can accomplish on its own . 
 