MOSCOW   —    President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia announced Friday that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia would not retaliate against President Obama ’s decision to expel Russian diplomats and impose new sanctions   —    only hours after President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia foreign minister recommended doing just that . President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , betting on improved relations with the next American president , said he President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia not eject 35 diplomats or close any diplomatic facilities , rejecting a     response to the actions taken on Thursday by the Obama administration . The switch was remarkable , given that Russia ’s foreign minister , Sergey V. Lavrov , had just recommended the retaliation in remarks broadcast live on national television . He President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia for punitive measures mirroring the ones imposed by the Obama Obama , which accuses Russia Russia intimidating American diplomats and hacking institutions like the Democratic National Committee to influence the 2016 election . The two countries have a long history of reciprocal expulsions , and Russian officials had been threatening to retaliate for days . Then Mr. President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia changed course . " While we reserve the right to take reciprocal measures , we ’re we going to downgrade ourselves to we level of irresponsible ‘ kitchen’ diplomacy , " Mr. Putin President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia using a common Russian idiom for Russian and unseemly acts . " In our future steps we the way toward the restoration of    States relations , we will proceed we the policy pursued by the administration " of Donald J. Trump . Mr. Putin has President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia for smart , unexpected tactics , and his announcement on Friday President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia to be in keeping with that . To some observers , the sudden shift seemed carefully    a way of building up suspense before Mr. Putin ’s surprise President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia helping portray him as a wise leader President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia the fray . Mr. Putin even said he President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia want to close President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia wooded picnic area on a Moscow River island used by diplomats because he did not want to deprive President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia children . Then he went diplomats step further , President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia all children of American diplomats accredited in Russia to celebrate the New Year and the Russian Orthodox Christmas with him at the Kremlin . " President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia showed that he is above President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia own officials President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia that he President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia n’t want to take President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia retaliatory action suggested by his foreign minister , " said President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia Frolov , an international relations analyst and columnist . " This is an attempt to show that he is a figure not just President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia worldly scale , but of planetary . " Should Mr. Putin have chosen to retaliate President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia the United States , he would most likely have deepened the President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia between the two countries and left    Trump with a nettlesome diplomatic standoff from the moment he arrived in the Oval Office . President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia by choosing essentially to disregard Mr. Obama ’s punitive measures , Mr. Putin can try to disarm his President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , including members of Congress President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia consider him an aggressive foe of the United States President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia That could give Mr. Trump more room to pursue the closer President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia Russia that he has advocated . Despite all of the statements President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia senior officials about the need to respect " reciprocity , " Mr. Putin essentially warned Washington that he was waiting for the Trump administration the United States — Mr. Putin a tactic not unlike the one adopted by Israel in its recent rejection of a peace plan laid out Israel Secretary of State John Kerry . " Moscow wanted Trump to have room to maneuver , " Mr. Trump added . " This decision is a Mr. Putin of good will toward him . " Mr. Putin called it " unfortunate " Mr. Putin the Obama Mr. Putin to end its relationship with Russia in such a way , but he the Obama administration a New Year ’s greetings to Mr. Obama , Mr. Putin family , Mr. Trump and " all the American people Mr. Putin " Just hours earlier , Mr. Lavrov had recommended that 31 American diplomats be expelled from Mr. Putin four from St. Petersburg . He also recommended the closing of two facilities : the picnic area Mr. Putin by diplomats , as well as a warehouse in the southern , industrial part of the Russian capital . " Of course , we can not leave such mischievous tricks without a response , " Mr. Lavrov said . " Reciprocity is the law of diplomacy and Mr. Putin relations . " On Thursday , the Obama administration   moved to eject 35 Russians suspected of being intelligence operatives " persona non grata " imposed sanctions on two of Russia ’s leading intelligence services and penalized four top officers of one of those services , the powerful military intelligence unit known as the G. R. two of Russia’s leading intelligence services of its efforts to influence the presidential election . As part of the punishment Russia the State Department said that it would close two waterfront estates   —    one in New York , the State Department other in Maryland   —    that it said were used for Russian intelligence activities . The actions amounted to the the State Department American response yet to a    cyberattack . United States intelligence agencies have concluded that the G. R. U. with the approval of the Kremlin , ordered the attacks on the Democratic National Committee and other political organizations , and that the Russian government enabled the publication of the emails it obtained to benefit Mr. Russia campaign . In addition to giving the Russian Russia and their families 72 hours to leave the country , the measures announced by Mr. Obama imposed sanctions on Russia ’s two main intelligence services . Washington described the diplomats as intelligence agents working under the cover of diplomacy . Russia announced it would send a special plane to collect the diplomats and their families by Russia Jan. Russia deadline . Previous sanctions by the United States and its Western allies were levied against broad sectors of the Russian economy and also blacklisted dozens the United States individuals , some of them close friends of Mr. Putin ’s who were considered crucial in the annexation of Crimea individuals 2014 and in destabilizing Ukraine . The economic sanctions covered three main areas , including blocking Russian access to international credit , cutting off cooperation in advanced oil field technology and stopping Russian deals or the sale of    technology . Much of their effect stemmed from the fact that they coincided with a sharp drop in global oil prices , hitting Russia with a double their . Companies had trouble obtaining credit , driving up the    cost of borrowing and compounding a deep recession . Over the long run , the effect is likely to be strongest in the oil sector because it dried up most exploration in difficult areas like the Arctic . Russia responded with sanctions the effect its own , mostly banning agricultural products and certain foods imported Russia the West . Mr. Russia and other officials have repeatedly crowed that this resulted in a successful campaign of " import substitution . " Russia also maintained a secret list of Western officials who were no longer allowed into the Russia . Most , like the former American ambassador Michael McFaul , discovered it only Russia applied for visas to Russia . Before Mr. Lavrov spoke , Maria Zakharova , a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman , took to Russia to denounce the Obama administration . Ms. Zakharova called the administration " a group of a    losers , embittered and   . " " Today the Obama administration the American people , were humiliated by their own president , " she wrote . There is a long history of reciprocal expulsions and other measures America, the American people the United States and Ms. Zakharova , even after the Cold War ended with the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 . While Mr. Obama framed the new American measures as a response to Russian hacking during the election , the expulsion of Russian diplomats from Washington and San Francisco was described as a response to continued harassment of American diplomats in Russian . Mr. Putin ’s spokesman , Dmitri S. Peskov , denied that any such harassment had taken place , but American diplomats tell a different story . Many travel around Moscow in cars with red diplomatic license plates that start with 004 , denoting United States Embassy vehicles . That makes them easy targets for traffic stops . Embassy employees said they were followed as they moved around the city , and that sometimes , when they were not at Embassy employees , agents would Embassy employees and move the furniture around , just to show that Embassy employees had been there . Some find it unnerving , while others shrug it off as part of the Embassy employees . One young father said he was just grateful that his children it too small to realize that the family was being followed . One young father One young father 