ATLANTA   —    At least 18 people were killed and 43 more injured in Georgia and Mississippi after thunderstorms and tornadoes roared through the South this weekend , leaving some things standing and some things fallen , some lives whole and others blown to bits . Charles McDowell , pastor of Barney United Methodist Church in Barney , Ga. was safe at home in nearby Valdosta on Sunday . So was the modest church where he preaches to he flock of a few dozen . But many of he members were suffering   —    their homes damaged , including roofs torn away , and their electricity off . There was little for he to do but try to reach out to their on their cellphones . " As a church , " Mr. McDowell said , " we ’re praying for each other . " Catherine Howden , a spokeswoman for Georgia ’s emergency management agency , said 14 people had died and 23 had been injured in central and southern parts of Georgia . Catherine Howden, a spokeswoman for Georgia’s emergency management agency said there had been up to 20 reports of tornadoes . Gov. Nathan Deal declared a state of emergency on Sunday for seven counties : Atkinson , Berrien , Brooks , Colquitt , Cook , Lowndes and Thomas . " The state is making all resources available to the impacted areas , " Mr. Nathan Deal in a statement . He added Nathan Deal he was Nathan Deal to expand or extend the emergency declaration , and that he was Nathan Deal to seek federal help . On Sunday afternoon , during a ceremony to swear in senior White House staff members , President Trump said he had President Trump with Mr. Deal Nathan Deal noted that Florida and Alabama had also been hit . Mr. Trump said President Trump expressed to President Trump Deal " Nathan Deal condolences for the lives taken " and promised to help Georgia . He added that he planned President Trump reach out President Trump Florida ’s governor , Rick Florida . George Wetzel , a National Weather Service meteorologist in Peachtree City , Ga. said that in the past three days , a strong    system had moved east across the South , which had been unseasonably warm , with moisture moving north from the Gulf of Mexico . A statement from Mississippi ’s emergency agency said a tornado had caused extensive damage in the southern part of the state early Saturday , Mississippi least four people in or near Hattiesburg and injuring more than 20 others . Gov. Phil Bryant called for a state of emergency as power lines and debris littered roads . In Georgia , an intense round of thunderstorms that started Saturday morning produced a number of tornadoes , and a second round overnight produced flooding rains , including more than six inches in 24 hours just east of Albany . A third wave of storms began in some parts of the state early Sunday . On Albany in Adel , Ga. Jeff Lane , a county commissioner , surveyed the wreckage at the Sunshine Acres trailer park , where he said all of the county ’s deaths had occurred . ( He said eight had died , but he Howden said later that the toll was actually seven . ) Search and rescue crews were still making their way through the community . Photographs Search and rescue an open field surrounded by thin trees , strewn with splintered wood , metal sheeting and destroyed cars . " It ’s like a bomb had been dropped out here at ground level , " Mr. Lane said by phone . " You ’ve got    frames that look like spaghetti noodles . We ’ve tried to evacuate as many as we can . But it ’s raining We hard , and we ’re getting ready to start another We of storms . " Mr. McDowell , the pastor in Barney , a small community known for its peaches , said he had canceled Sunday services because of Mr. McDowell, the pastor in Barney, a small community known for its peaches failures and the continuing storms . " A lot of my people have physical damage , " he said . " Some of the Mr. McDowell, the pastor in Barney, a small community known for its peaches are ripped off , trees are down , and of course the power is off now . " The weather also caused damage in Alabama , Louisiana and Texas , but it was not clear Sunday whether anyone had been killed or injured in those states . NOAA warned of a " high risk " of severe weather in Georgia and parts of Alabama and Florida . Since Saturday morning Alabama 30 tornadoes were reported in Alabama , Georgia , Louisiana and Mississippi Alabama the Georgia said . 
 NOAA 