WASHINGTON   —    Senator Marco Rubio of Florida is leaning heavily toward running for    to the seat WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida swore WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida was giving up after six often frustrating years and a failed presidential run , associates said on Friday , a reversal that would upend one of the most competitive races in the country . WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida could make his WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida public early next week after he WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida the weekend with his WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida in Florida weighing the personal , political and financial considerations of another campaign . One adviser who described the senator as " all in " said Mr. WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida members had already begun scouting a site for a possible announcement . The likelihood of a    bid seemed to grow on Friday when one of Mr. Rubio ’s WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida Representative David Jolly , suddenly dropped out of the race and said he would seek another term WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida the House instead . Earlier in the day , Mr. Jolly foreshadowed his move David Jolly CNN , David Jolly Marco is saying he ’s WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida in . WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida Ever restless , strategic and ambitious   —    and only 45 years old   —    Mr. Rubio has spent the WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida weeks discussing with his friends and colleagues the difficulties WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida would face maintaining his political WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida if he left WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida Senate . He WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida like to run for WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida presidency again , either in 2020 or 2024 , and is concerned that his opportunities would be far more WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida if he were no longer in office WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida Mr. Rubio ’s desire to get into the race and his reasons for doing so were described Mr. Rubio’s three people inside his political operation , two of whom Mr. Rubio’s spoken with him directly in recent days . All Mr. Rubio’s on anonymity because Mr. Rubio had not yet completely made Mr. Rubio’s mind . A spokesman for Mr. Rubio Mr. Rubio’s no comment . There are Mr. Rubio’s drawbacks , none of which Mr. Rubio is naïve about , these people said Mr. Rubio’s is one of the few states with a true purple political hue , a quintessential swing state in which Democrats and Republicans often win in statewide elections largely depending on the national mood . And like many Republicans who face election on the same ticket as Donald J. Trump , the presumptive presidential nominee , Mr. Rubio is said to be concerned about the possibility Mr. Rubio’s Trump could drag him down to defeat . Mr. Trump ’s poor standing among Mr. Trump could be especially problematic Mr. Trump , a state with 1 . 8 million registered Hispanic voters , or 15 percent of the state ’s total electorate . And it is a group that has become less Cuban and Republican and more Puerto Rican , Mexican and Democratic in recent years . Still , despite his misgivings about Mr. Trump ’s politics and temperament , Mr. Rubio Mr. Rubio said he will vote for Mr. Trump and speak at the Republican convention Mr. Rubio July if asked Mr. Trump’s Rubio has personal factors to consider , as well . He Mr. Rubio people that he is eager to spend more time with Mr. Rubio four children and that Mr. Rubio wants to make enough money to be Mr. Rubio to provide for them Mr. Rubio well into the future . He had been planning to spend the his four children few years giving speeches and Mr. Rubio other civic and political work that would allow for that . To help sift through the offers coming in , he retained the    Washington lawyer Robert B. Barnett . Mr. Rubio ’s Mr. Rubio has taken a quick and dizzying turn from just last month , when he was still insisting that he had no desire to run again . On Mr. Rubio’s 16 , he wrote Mr. Rubio’s sarcastic message on Twitter : " I have only said like Mr. Rubio’s , 000 times I will be a private citizen in January . " He has often complained   —    privately to his colleagues , and publicly Mr. Rubio’s he was a presidential candidate   —    Mr. Rubio’s the stagnant and highly polarized Mr. Rubio’s frustrated him . He lamented the inability to get much done in Congress , saying Mr. Rubio’s one Mr. Rubio’s , " We ’re not going to fix America with senators and congressmen , " words that are sure to come back to haunt him in Democratic attack ads if he chooses to run . Mr. Rubio ’s Mr. Rubio’s have said that his distaste Mr. Rubio’s the job could be seen in his absenteeism . Mr. Rubio Mr. Rubio’s up the worst attendance record in the Senate Mr. Rubio’s he was Mr. Rubio’s president , another potentially damaging issue for Democrats to use against Mr. Rubio’s . Without Mr. Rubio on the ballot , though , Republicans stand a greater Mr. Rubio’s of losing Mr. Rubio’s to Democrats and jeopardizing their majority in the Senate . He and his aides have carefully set the stage for Republicans possible    the Senate First Mr. Rubio’s he Mr. Rubio’s the idea on Monday on the radio show of Hugh Hewitt , a respected Mr. Rubio’s radio host , saying he had been " deeply impacted " by the massacre at a gay club in Orlando Mr. Rubio’s Sunday . Then , one of Mr. Rubio ’s friends and potential rivals in the race , Lt . Gov. Carlos    said in an interview that he would bow out if Mr. Rubio wanted to run . But by the time Mr. Mr. Rubio’s stepped in front of a Mr. Rubio’s reporters at the Capitol on Wednesday to announce that Mr. Rubio’s reconsidering , the challenges he faces were immediately apparent . Before he could utter a word about Mr. Rubio’s , he was asked about Mr. Rubio’s Trump . 
 Mr. Rubio’s Mr. Rubio’s Mr. Rubio’s 