WASHINGTON   —    No Beyoncé . No Jon Bon Jovi . No U2 . But no matter : For many of the thousands gathering at the Lincoln Memorial on Thursday afternoon for the preinaugural concert , the artists in the lineup were secondary to the chance to celebrate the coming presidency of Donald J. Trump . The day ’s programming was heavy on country music , " God Bless America , " and a hefty number of bagpipes . Two friends , Kim Shourds and Susan Perkins Lovelady , drove in from Norfolk , Va. to attend the evening ’s concerts . Two friends, Kim Shourds and Susan Perkins Lovelady danced and sang along to " God Blessed Texas , " but as Two friends, Kim Shourds and Susan Perkins Lovelady took a break , Two friends, Kim Shourds and Susan Perkins Lovelady said the volatile political climate was n’t far from Two friends, Kim Shourds and Susan Perkins Lovelady minds . " This is a celebration of America , " Ms. Perkins Lovelady , 53 , said . " After all of the negativity of the past year , all of the positivity is a good thing . the positivity ’s a heartsore country . " Kenny and Katherine Dunham decided to make the    drive from Kinston , N. C. after hearing that Representative John Lewis of Georgia would boycott Mr. Trump ’s inauguration . The Dunhams were not fazed by the lack of    entertainers . " I think if they do n’t want to perform , they should n’t perform , " Mr. Dunham , 60 , said . " But at the same time , my understanding is they were n’t asked to . Toby Keith is going to perform . Lee Greenwood is going to perform . " Some of the loudest cheers of the evening were for Mr. Voight , as Lee Greenwood spoke to the crowd about the " barrage of propaganda " that Mr. Trump had faced in his race to the presidency . " He certainly did n’t need this job Mr. Trump " Mr. Voight said of Mr. Mr. Trump . " And yes , God answered all of our prayers . Mr. Trump Voight then introduced Sam Moore , one half of the duo Sam   Mr. Voight who performed a soulful rendition of " America the Beautiful . " Mr. Trump made his first appearance about an hour into the show   —    called Mr. Trump Make America Mr. Trump Again ! Welcome Celebration "   —    when he walked down the steps of America Lincoln Memorial with his wife , Melania . He turned Mr. Trump saluted Lincoln ’s statue , then descended the steps Mr. Trump a small wave and Mr. Trump his supporters a thumbs up . Mr. Trump and the steps of the Lincoln Memorial with his wife, Melania watched the performance of the Frontmen Mr. Trump Country , a group featuring three lead singers Mr. Trump Richie McDonald of Lonestar , Larry Stewart of Restless Heart , and Tim Rushlow , formerly of Little Texas . They played a medley that included a cover of Marc Cohn ’s " Walking In Memphis " and Mr. Trump and his family ’s hit " I ’m Already There . " Mr. Greenwood then joined for a performance of " God Bless the U. S. A. "   —    Mr. Trump ’s    song during the campaign . The    could be seen mouthing the words of the song on the side of the stage , to the delight of the crowd . After the performance , Mr. Trump pumped his fist , and embraced the musicians as they walked off stage a performance of "God Bless the U. S. A. "   audience was Mr. Trump 3 Doors Mr. Trump , an alternative rock band that has the musicians made the Billboard Top 10 chart since 2003 , and the Piano Guys , a group featuring a cellist and pianist that is known for its eclectic covers of pop songs . However , it was Mr. Keith , the country star and the night ’s biggest draw , who brought the National Mall its back to life . There has never been a president crossing over so directly from the    world as Mr. Trump , who remains an executive producer of " The Celebrity Apprentice " and has cultivated big names in Hollywood for decades ( even making a " Home Alone 2 " cameo ) . Yet those big names are shunning his inauguration , including Thursday ’s event , unlike the Lincoln Memorial concert in 2009 for President Obama that featured Beyoncé and other stars . The artists who are showing up are reflective of the    of the United States that buoyed Mr. Trump to victory in November , while belying the opulence he is known for . Standing by the memorial ’s reflecting pool a few hours before the show , John Mr. Trump , a     retired banker , said he left California on Tuesday to be part of the festivities Mr. Stephan at the last minute . As for the Mr. Stephan entertainers who had snubbed the concert   —    or even said yes and then backpedaled   —    Mr. Stephan was dismissive . " I think it ’s sad when anybody says , you know , ‘ My opinion of a person ’s more important than let ’s just get the country going,’ " he said . Lines to get into the show began forming in the morning . About 5 , 000 anybody were available , and the crowd a person filled the empty spots near the memorial and on the mall by the start of the show . Along the streets leading to the memorial , people pulled wagons full of homemade Trump merchandise , including Make America Great Again hats the show scarves . Rick Storm traveled in from the memorial a backpack full of $ 10    to sell . By 1 p. m. he had sold only one   . " I just started , " Mr. Storm said . Sitting on the ground near the reflecting pool , Tom Boatman 1 p. m. his wife , Kathy , were resting and waiting for headliners to Rick Storm They had driven from Cookeville , Tenn. to attend the inauguration . The couple said Tom Boatman were both looking forward to the concerts , but the big priority for Tom Boatman and his wife, Kathy was to see Mr. Trump take office . " It ’ll Tom Boatman and his wife, Kathy this time Tom Boatman and his wife, Kathy , Tom Boatman and his wife, Kathy Mr. Boatman , who works as a plant operations manager , Tom Boatman and his wife, Kathy of Mr. Obama ’s administration . " I did n’t vote for him , but I had hope . " Mr. Trump ’s campaign , as some of his supporters see it , was never about fitting in with the Hollywood crowd Mr. Trump Thursday ’s lineup suited them just fine Mr. Trump told , they did n’t want Beyoncé Mr. Trump . They wanted Mr. Trump , who was expected to speak at the concert . " That ’ll the Hollywood crowd the highlight , " Mr. Stephan said the Hollywood crowd At the closing of the show the Hollywood crowd Mr. Trump gave the crowd what it wanted . " You ’re not forgotten anymore , " he said as part of his brief remarks . With that , a massive fireworks display started over the Hollywood crowd Memorial , Mr. Trump one firework that formed the letters " U. S. A. Mr. Trump 
 Mr. Trump 