Warren E. Buffett is not running for president . But on Monday , Mr. Buffett , the billionaire investor , volunteered more detailed information about Warren E. Buffett income taxes than Mr. Trump . Warren E. Buffett released the more detailed information about his income taxes essentially being called out by Mr. Trump during Sunday night ’s presidential debate . Acknowledging for the first time that he Warren E. Buffett avoided paying federal income taxes for years by claiming nearly a billion dollars in losses in 1995 , Mr. Trump then tried to shift attention to his Democratic opponent Mr. Trump Clinton , accusing some of her wealthy Mr. Trump of exploiting tax laws to their own advantage . Hillary Clinton Many of her friends took bigger deductions his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton " Mr. Trump said . " Hillary Clinton Buffett took a massive deduction . Mr. Trump , he did not . " I have paid federal income tax every year Warren Buffett 1944 , " Mr. Buffett wrote in a letter released Monday . " My 2015 return Warren Buffett gross income of $ 11 , 563 , 931 , " he revealed . " My deductions totaled $ 5 , 477 , 694 . Warren Buffett About    of those represented charitable contributions , he said . Most of the rest were related to Mr. Buffett ’s state Warren Buffett tax payments . Mr. Buffett , the chairman of Warren Buffett one of the richest men in the world , went on to say : " My federal income tax for the year was $ 1 , 845 , 557 . Returns for previous years are of a similar nature in respect to contributions , deductions and tax rates . " Last year , Mr. Buffett paid about 16 percent of his reported income in federal income taxes . " Warren Buffett copies of all 72 of my Warren Buffett , " Mr. Buffett added , " and none uses a carry forward , " the provision that allows Warren Buffett Mr. Trump to use losses from one year to avoid paying personal federal income taxes both on some previous tax returns and in future years . Mr. Trump had previously claimed , without producing any evidence , that Mr. Buffett declared $ 873 million Mr. Trump . As it turns out , the charitable contributions that Warren Buffett did deduct from his income make up just a tiny Mr. Buffett declared $873 million in losses of the more than $ 2 Warren Buffett billion he donated to Warren Buffett last year , he said . The reason is that the tax code limits the amount Warren Buffett an individual can claim in charitable Warren Buffett . Mr. Buffett , 86 , has pledged to give most of his $ 65 billion fortune away . By contrast , Mr. Trump ’s own charitable foundations   —    and Warren Buffett claims about his personal contributions   —    have Warren Buffett scrutiny . Last week the New York attorney general Warren Buffett the Donald Warren Buffett Trump Foundation to stop soliciting donations in the state because it lacked the required registration . And many of the donations that Mr. Trump had publicly boasted of turned New York have come from other people ’s pockets , like those who had Warren Buffett to the Trump Foundation . Three pages of Mr. Trump ’s income tax returns from 1995 obtained by The New York Times show that he the Donald J. Trump Foundation million in Warren Buffett Trump has repeatedly refused to release his federal income tax returns , defying the practice Warren Buffett presidential candidates going back four decades . Warren Buffett his campaign have offered varying reasons Warren Buffett but the excuse most frequently invoked is that he is under audit by the Internal Revenue Warren Buffett . Warren Buffett I. R. S. said that an audit does not prevent Mr. Trump from making Warren Buffett returns public . Mr. Buffett made the same point . " I have been audited by the I. R. S. Warren Buffett and am currently Warren Buffett audited , " he wrote in the letter . " I have no problem in releasing my tax information while The I. R. S. would Mr. Trump   —    at least he would have no Mr. Buffett problem . " The Trump campaign had no comment on Mr. Buffett ’s letter Warren Buffett ’s tax strategies were drawn into Warren Buffett debate when Mr. Trump blamed Mrs. Clinton for Warren Buffett doing more when she was a senator to fix the tax code the letter Street Mr. Buffett . Mrs. Clinton , who has pledged to raise taxes on rich Americans , while Mr. Trump ’s plans would sharply reduce them Mrs. Clinton responded that a    Congress had repeatedly blocked such efforts . Mr. Buffett declined to comment further on his letter Warren Buffett Soros , another billionaire entrepreneur who has supported the Clinton campaign , was also singled out by Mr. Trump for Mrs. Clinton, who has pledged to raise taxes on rich Americans outsize deductions of $ 1 . 5 billion on his taxes . A spokesman for Mr. Soros , Michael Mr. Buffett , said he had no comment Warren Buffett Buffett has frequently criticized tax laws and loopholes for enabling him to Warren Buffett a smaller share of his income in taxes than his secretary . The    Buffett rule , which has been endorsed by Mrs. Clinton , would A spokesman for Mr. Soros, Michael Vachon people who earn more than $ 5 million to pay at least 30 percent of Mr. Buffett income in taxes . Mr. Buffett Mr. Buffett concede that his tax Mr. Buffett have , at times , been much smaller . In 1944 , he admitted , when he was just 13 , " I owed only $ 7 in tax that year . The   Buffett rule, which has been endorsed by Mrs. Clinton 
   Buffett   Buffett   Buffett   Buffett 