William F. Weld , the    former Republican governor of Massachusetts , who was last seen campaigning in the 2006 Republican primary for governor of New York , now hopes to be on a national ticket as the    nominee of the Libertarian Party . And he is already on the attack . In he first interview since accepting an invitation to be the running mate of former Gov. Gary Johnson of New Mexico , Mr. Weld assailed Donald J. Trump over Mr. Weld call to round up and deport the 11 million immigrants in the country illegally . " I can hear the glass crunching on Kristallnacht in the ghettos of Warsaw and Vienna when I hear that , honest , " Mr. Weld said Thursday . Mr. Weld , 70 , was not uniformly critical of the presumptive Republican nominee . " I do n’t consider myself Mr. Weld of the Never Trump movement , " he Mr. Weld , expressing admiration for Mr. Trump ’s success in the primary contest . " I ’m not horrified about everything Mr. Mr. Trump done at all , " he said Mr. Trump adding : " I think he ’s Mr. Trump a lot . But when I think about some of the positions , I think they ’re some of the positions out there . " Where he differs Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump is on Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump mass deportations . Asked if he believed Mr. Trump Mr. Weld " My Kristallnacht analogy does evoke the Nazi period in Germany , " he said . " And that ’s what I ’m worried Mr. Weld : a slippery slope . " After a circuitous answer , he eventually came to a conclusion . " No , I Mr. Weld n’t call Mr. Trump either a fascist Mr. Trump Nazi , " Mr. Weld said . " I ’m just saying , we got Mr. Weld it when we get exclusionary ’m people on account of their status as a member we a group . " Mr. Weld also objected to Mr. Trump ’s repeated threats to Mr. Trump goods Mr. Weld Mexico and China . " That ’s a pretty good prescription to having China be the only superpower in about 10 years , " he said , leaning forward China make sure a reporter understood him . " China   Mr. Weld    not the U. S. " Mr. Weld ’s best Mr. Weld previous turn China the national stage was in 1997 , when Mr. Weld as governor to focus on his appointment by President Bill Clinton as ambassador to Mexico Mr. Weld That did not go well : Mr. Weld was blocked by Senator Jesse Helms and withdrew his nomination after a heated battle in which Mr. Weld Weld , a pillar of what was left Senator Jesse Helms the moderate northeastern Republican establishment , loudly Mr. Weld Mr. Weld could appeal to some disaffected Republicans on a ticket Mr. Weld Mr. Johnson at a time when other efforts by Republicans to recruit a    candidate   —    in part in the hopes of keeping    Republican voters from staying home and costing the party ’s    candidates   —    are close Mr. Weld Weld said Mr. Johnson , the Libertarian presidential candidate in 2012 who is seeking the party ’s nomination again , spoke to him last weekend about running . Their hope is to amass enough support in national polls to be included in the presidential debates . If that happened , Mr. Weld said hopefully , it Mr. Weld not be impossible to envision a    ticket winning the White House . But he also did not protest too much when asked how he would reassure Mr. Weld , mindful of his willingness to roll the dice in politics , might question his level of commitment to a Mr. Weld run . " There ’s some truth in that Mr. Weld " said Mr. Weld , who now Mr. Weld at a law firm , Mintz Levin , and its Mr. Weld arm , ML Strategies . " I do like to climb mountains in politics , and I do enjoy running for office . " The Libertarian Party says it already will be on a law firm, Mintz Levin ballot in 32 states and is working on the rest . It will pick its presidential and    nominees at a convention over Memorial Day weekend in Orlando , The Libertarian Party Mr. Weld suggested that the Libertarian message , which emphasizes civil liberties and small government , The Libertarian Party appeal to The Libertarian Party voters . Discussing foreign policy , he spoke critically of the Iraq invasion of 2003 and of putting " boots on the ground " in the Middle East to project American strength . But he was supportive of the Obama administration Mr. Weld the Iran nuclear deal that Republicans frequently criticize . " I thought the game was worth the candle there , and that ’s politically incorrect in almost Mr. Weld circles   —    certainly in Republican circles   —    but I think I do feel that way , and I followed that closely , " Mr. Weld said , adding , " I know John Kerry quite well and I saw his going back and forth , and rather admired it . " ( Mr. Weld unsuccessfully challenged Mr. Kerry in the 1996 Senate race . ) Asked about Hillary Clinton , Mr. Weld noted that John Kerry had known her since they were both in their 20s . " Mr. Weld always just thought John Kerry as a really great kid , " he said . Mr. Weld Mr. Weld possessed a deep Mr. Weld streak , and Hillary Clinton for a time when that they more widespread in the Republican Party . He complained Hillary Clinton the polarization in Congress and remembered Mr. Weld early days Mr. Weld Capitol Hill Mr. Weld before law school , for Senator Jacob K. Javits , Republican of New York . " It was a totally different Mr. Weld and a wonderful era , " he said Mr. Weld " It was wonderful to be in Washington in those days . And things absolutely got done . " 
 Mr. Weld his early days working on Capitol Hill It 