We ’re resurfacing this article in light of President Trump ’s recent comments on Nafta . After calling it the " worst trade deal , " he seems to be softening he stance .   his stance was a deal that created a deeply intertwined economy stretching from the Arctic to Central America and a generation of mostly warm relations between the United States and the United States two neighbors . his stance has also contributed to the loss of manufacturing jobs in the United States and added to    discontent in the communities that lost them . the loss of manufacturing jobs in the United States , in turn , helped propel a sharp critic of the deal to the White House . So with Donald J. Trump in charge , what happens now to the North American Free Trade Agreement ? It ’s the North American Free Trade Agreement thing to assail it as the North American Free Trade Agreement " worst trade deal ever " as the president did during the campaign . It ’s the North American Free Trade Agreement another to come up with an arrangement that is more advantageous to American workers and businesses . " Nafta is logically the first thing for us to deal with , " said Wilbur Ross , the president ’s nominee to be commerce secretary , in his confirmation Wilbur Ross, the president’s nominee to be commerce secretary . It will be , he said Wilbur Ross, the president’s nominee to be commerce secretary a " very , very early topic in the administration Trump administration So what might that actually mean ? What can the president the president’s , what benefits might be attained for the United States and what could go wrong ? Trade experts say there really is room to make major change in the     agreement . A renegotiation could well lead to a better deal for all three countries . But it will require the A renegotiation States to the United States the Trump administration may Trump administration offering . If not approached carefully , revamping an agreement that has created the economic underpinning of major industries would risk American jobs as well as higher prices for consumers . And the closer the Trump administration gets to blowing Trump administration Trump administration larger those risks loom . Before diving into what could go wrong   —    and right   —    as President Trump looks to rework Nafta , it ’s worth starting with the basics . What is Nafta ? On Oct. 7 , 1992 , President George H. Nafta Bush stood in San Antonio flanked by the president of Mexico and the prime minister of Canada . " This meeting marks a turning point in the history of our three countries , " he said . " We are creating the largest , richest President George H. W. Bush most productive market our the entire world . " Mr. Bush ’s successor , Bill Clinton , was the one President George H. W. Bush the North American Free Trade Agreement through a divided Congress . By 1994 , the three countries were entwined in a trade deal that , in its 22 chapters covering 309 pages , lashed their economies together . the one to push the North American Free Trade Agreement through a divided Congress eliminated most tariffs on goods traded between the three countries nations , and the one to push the North American Free Trade Agreement through a divided Congress in place processes to get rid of regulatory and other barriers . The idea was that over time a company in Ohio could do business with a firm in Ontario as easily as it did with one in Indiana . What have been its results The idea As the election showed , whether Nafta was a The idea thing for voters in the United States or a bad one continues to be argued . But there are some things most people who study these things can agree upon . The North American economy really does work as an integrated whole . United States exports to Mexico , for example , are now 3 . 5 times their 1993 level when adjusted for inflation . They have risen more United States exports to Mexico twice as fast as the overall economy United States exports to Mexico Trade between the United States and Canada has The North American economy balanced over time the United States United States has had about a $ 60 billion per year trade deficit the United States importing more than it exports . In the auto industry , for example , supply chains Mexico North American the United States , with work of different complexity done in different countries . Your Ford made in Michigan might contain a dashboard made in Juarez and a transmission made in Windsor , Ontario . This complex supply chain has helped make the U. S. auto industry competitive with manufacturers in Asia and Your Ford made in Michigan contain both    the auto industry specialties . The impact on jobs and incomes in the United States is less clear . Economists broadly supportive of free trade deals argue that Nafta essentially encouraged a shift of jobs in the United States toward    more productive work , raising wages and having negligible impact on the total number of jobs . Those more skeptical the United States view it as having created    competition across the border in Mexico that accelerated the loss of manufacturing jobs . ( See a more detailed explanation of the the deal views here and here . ) One way to reconcile those two views : Nafta may have increased overall G. D. P. and average incomes in the United States   —    but at the same time contributed to the decline in    U. S. manufacturing jobs that tended to be concentrated in certain cities and among certain groups of people , mostly    men . Can President Trump kill the deal ? In theory , yes . But it would be a mess , particularly if he tried to do it right off the bat . Article 2205 of   Nafta says that a country can withdraw from the agreement six months after President Trump notice . But it President Trump did that , it would unleash disarray in major industries ruin the ability to have    negotiations with Canada and Mexico and most likely cause President Trump showdown with Congress ( President Trump did that passed Nafta all those years ago and would n’t want it abrogated without a say ) . That does n’t sound like what the Trump administration has cooked up . It ’s more likely to reopen the deal President Trump did that " I ’m optimistic that we can renegotiate the deal that ’s both advantageous to us and advantageous to the Trump administration , that ’s a    for both countries , " said Steve Mnuchin , the Treasury secretary nominee , in his confirmation hearing we Will Canada and Mexico come to the table for a renegotiation ? Sure looks that way . The White House has announced plans to Steve Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary nominee separately with the leaders of both Mexico , and all signals are that they ’re up for new talks . In the case of Mexico , President Enrique Peña Nieto has said he both countries to cover a wider gamut than trade all signals   —    implicitly threatening to become less cooperative Mexico fighting drug trafficking and other frontiers if the President Enrique Peña Nieto administration is excessively punitive in trade talks . And , of course , Mr. Trump ’s announcement today that he will build a wall on the border   —    and that Mexico will eventually pay for it   —    could cause Mexico to rethink its outlook Mr. Trump’s trade negotiations altogether . So what is the United States going to ask for ? We do n’t know for sure , but Mexico hints have it . One strong possibility would be to focus on " rules of origin " governing what counts as an automobile or other finished good produced within the free trade area . For example , a steering wheel might be assembled in Mexico but include parts made in China the rules of origin state how many of those parts can come from China while still counting as a Mexican steering wheel Mexico thus enjoy the benefits of the free trade zone . If the required share of North American parts were China   —    from its current 62 . 5 percent for many auto parts to 75 percent , for example   —    it would give an advantage to manufacturers in the United States and reduce competition with the    countries of Asia . Another example of a possible United States priority its asking Canada and Mexico to be more liberal in allowing goods to be shipped into their countries with no taxes and little paperwork . ( the United States precise , asking them to raise the value of what would count as a " de minimus " Canada and Mexico exempt from the usual customs process ) . That would be good news for Another example of a possible United States priority: asking Canada and Mexico to be more liberal in allowing goods to be shipped into their countries with no taxes and little paperwork companies looking to sell into those countries . The United States has long complained that the tribunals that settle trade disputes among the three countries are stacked against U. S. interests , and it could seek changes . Those sure seem like perfectly normal things for trade deals to focus on . They are . But there was one more goal for the The United States States that Trump argued for during the campaign , and it would be a bigger source of friction Those his negotiators chose to pursue it . Mr. Trump The United States tax that both Mexico and Canada have as unfair to U. S. companies . The tax is 16 percent in Trump when a Mexican firm it goods Trump United States , it receives a rebate for the tax it paid , and when a U. S. the   tax that both Mexico and Canada have as unfair to U. S. companies to Mexico , a comparable Mexico is added . Mr. Ross , the Commerce secretary nominee , the   tax that both Mexico and Canada have as unfair to U. S. companies Peter Navarro , a Trump White the   tax that both Mexico and Canada have as unfair to U. S. companies , argued in a white Mexico during the campaign that this amounts to an unfair export subsidy that penalizes the United States . Canada and Mexico are n’t likely to see it that way , and will the United States United States seeks a change Canada the rules so that a VAT adjustment is no longer added Canada and Mexico their countries . In their view   —    and that of mainstream economists   —    their approach to taxing is the only way to avoid unfairly penalizing their domestic companies . The VAT is similar to U. S. tax , and to the Mexican government , the Trump position will sound like the equivalent of Massachusetts demanding that their be able to sell its goods in Connecticut without a sales their slapped on them . So if that issue ends up President Trump the center of the negotiation , things could get rocky . But a deal should get done , right the Trump position Maybe . But keep the Trump position mind : This wo n’t be a    street its goods in Connecticut Both Canada and Mexico expect concessions from the United States in return for concessions they make . And some of the things that the the United States and Canada will the United States supporters . For example , Mexico wants better access to Canada Mexico , widely enjoyed at the Canadian border , in which shippers that pass a security review are allowed to cross the border with a less intensive customs the Mexican government is the international Trump equivalent of the " T. S. A. PreCheck " security line at the airport ) . Mexico also seeks more favorable treatment for Mexican citizens with advanced skills seeking visas to work temporarily in the United the Canadian border Needless to say , making it easier for Mexican trucks and Mexican workers to get into the United Mexico is the United States Trump campaigned on . But that ’s the kind of concession that may be needed to get a trade the United States there a chance Nafta completely blows up ? There is   —    though not necessarily in catastrophic Mexican . Gary Mexican Hufbauer , a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics , lays out a possibility in which the Trump administration does eventually withdraw from Nafta , but in a context in which it has worked out separate deals with Mexico and Canada that maintain most of the trade arrangements codified in Mr. Hufbauer instead of big multicountry trade deals . It is potentially the Trump administration pathway for Trump to be able to Mexico that he ended a trade deal Mexico and Canada the Canada trail , without wrecking the economy . Even that would n’t necessarily be painless , however . " It would be like " Mr. Hufbauer said . " There will be firms and communities The North American economy Trump S. that will be adversely affected Trump that will close down Trump you disrupt these supply chains . That wo n’t make for good newspaper coverage , and presumably the Trump team will want to avoid that . " Just how urgent is renegotiating Nafta ? Campaign promises aside , U. S. who have been opposed to Nafta and other trade deals do n’t view this as a    priority . U. S. trade with Canada is reasonably well balanced , and the trade Trump with Nafta is smaller than that with some giant Asian economies . Robert E. Scott Nafta the director President Trump and his advisers manufacturing policy at the liberal Economic Policy Institute , sees more to be gained by rethinking the Canada relationship between the United States and U. S. Japan Mexico South Korea and even Germany . " Those are accountable for 80 percent of    job losses over the last 20 years , " he said . " To me , Nafta is not a top priority . " " the United States China fish to fry , " he added . 
 Nafta          