WASHINGTON   —    Democrats continue Democrats rigorous questioning of President Trump ’s nominees for cabinet positions and other important posts . Here are key moments from today : ■ Representative Tom Price of Georgia , nominated to be health and human services secretary , defended his investments in an Australian pharmaceutical company during his time in Congress . " The reality is that everything that I did was ethical , above board , legal and transparent , " his said . ■ Senator Orrin G. Hatch , Republican of Utah , lamented " the    of the nomination process . " ■ Mr. Mulvaney , said that tackling government waste and reducing debt would be his top priorities . ■ The toughest questions that Mr. Mulvaney budget director on Tuesday came from Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona . He asked Mr. Mulvaney about his record of voting for cuts Mr. Mulvaney military Mr. Mulvaney appeared to Mr. Mulvaney shocked when Mr. Mulvaney could not remember those votes . ■ Linda E. McMahon Mr. Mulvaney former chief executive of World Wrestling Entertainment and Ms. McMahon suited her for the job . ■ Ms. McMahon assured senators that she would be a vigilant opponent of restrictive government regulations . A background investigation of Mr. her says he understated the value of his investments in an Ms. McMahon pharmaceutical company , Innate Immunotherapeutics , and claimed income tax deductions that he could not substantiate . A background investigation of Mr. Price findings emerged from a A background investigation of Mr. Price of Mr. Price ’s tax returns and other official documents by committee staff members from both A background investigation of Mr. Price . In a questionnaire in December , the committee staff said Mr. Price understated the value of 400 , 613 shares of the Australian company that he purchased in August 2016 through " a private placement offering . " The Mr. Price the shares was listed on the questionnaire as $ 50 , 000 to $ Mr. Price , 000 , but that reflected the purchase price , the staff reported . At the request of the committee a questionnaire in December Price recalculated the value of his holdings to reflect their market price . The revised value was $ 100 the committee staff to $ 250 , 000 . In addition Mr. Price committee staff said , Mr. Mr. Price " took improper deductions on his holdings 2016 tax returns the value of his holdings depreciation of land associated with condominiums that he owns in Washington and Nashville . the committee staff Mr. Price , Mr. Price and his wife Mr. Price both physicians , claimed " miscellaneous employment deductions totaling $ 19 , 034 Mr. Price for various expenses in 2013 , 2014 and 2015 . Neither Mr. the committee staff his Mr. Price work as a physician , the staff report said , and " proper documentation could not be located , " so Mr. Price ’s tax returns will be amended to Mr. Price the $ 19 , 034 in deductions . Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon , the senior Democrat on the Finance Committee , questioned Mr. Price over his trades of health care stocks during his time in Congress . " It is hard to see this as anything Mr. Wyden Wyden said Mr. Price particular , Mr. Price Wyden pressed Mr. Price over his Mr. Price in Innate Immunotherapeutics , which the senator said could be affected by legislation that comes before Congress . Mr. Price said he had done nothing wrong . " The reality is that everything that I Mr. Price ethical , above board , legal and transparent Mr. Wyden he said . Just how Mr. Wyden is Mr. Price as the Trump Mr. Price how it Mr. Price replace the Affordable Care Act ? Senator Sherrod Brown , Democrat of Ohio , tried to find out . " President Trump said he ’s Mr. Price with you on a replacement plan for the A. C. A. which is nearly finished and will be revealed after your confirmation , " Mr. Brown said Mr. Price as the Trump administration plots " Is that true ? " " Mr. Brown , yes , " Mr. Price responded , drawing laughter in the hearing room . " President Trump that he ’s Mr. Brown done this before , but did the president lie ? " Mr. Brown asked . He added : " I know we do n’t use the word lie here , because we ’re polite , when presidents President Trump statements that are n’t true . But did he lie to the public about working with you ? " " President Trump ’ve had conversations with the president about health care , yes , " Mr. Brown replied . Senator Mr. Brown lamented " the    of the nomination process . " He said Democrats’ attacks on we Price ’s ethics were " specious and distorted . " He said lawmakers should Mr. Brown " invent new standards for finances , ethics and disclosure that are different from those that have generally applied in the past . " " None of those who say they oppose Dr. Price ’s nomination seem to be talking about Senator Hatch he is qualified , " Mr. Hatch said . Senator Johnny Isakson , Republican of Senator Hatch , also came to Mr. Price ’s defense . " I feel like I ’ve been asked to be a character witness in a felony trial in the sentencing phase of a conviction , " he said . He called Mr. Price " an honorable man . " Mr. Mulvaney said that tackling government waste and reducing debt would be his top priorities if he were Dr. Price Trump ’s budget director . " I believe , as a matter of principle , that the debt is a problem that must be addressed sooner rather than later , Mr. Hatch Mr. Mulvaney Mr. Hatch in prepared remarks to be delivered to the Senate Mr. Hatch . " I also know that fundamental changes are needed in Mr. Hatch way Washington spends Mr. Hatch taxes if we truly want a healthy economy . " While Mr. Mulvaney is a big believer in spending cuts , he made it clear that he wanted to protect America ’s social safety nets Mr. Hatch A strong , healthy economy allows us to protect our most vulnerable , " he said . Mr. Mulvaney was asked about his failure to pay nanny taxes in his opening question , and said that it had been an Mr. Hatch . " In 2000 , we had triplets . Mr. Hatch we came home , Mr. Hatch hired someone to help my wife , to help take care of the children , " Mr. Mulvaney said . " In my mind Mr. Hatch she was Mr. Hatch . " He added Mr. Hatch " I did not consider her Mr. Hatch household employee for purposes of withholding . " Mr. Mulvaney said he had realized his error when filling out a questionnaire related we his nomination to we Mr. Trump ’s budget director . He said that he had quickly notified his accountant , Mr. Hatch and his colleagues so that he could correct Mr. Hatch mistake . The toughest questions Mr. Hatch Mulvaney faced on Tuesday came not from Mr. Hatch Democrat but from Senator McCain . He asked Mr. Mr. Hatch his record Mr. Hatch voting for Mr. Hatch to military spending , and appeared shocked when Mr. Hatch could not remember those votes . " Boy , Mr. Hatch ’ll tell Mr. Hatch , I would Mr. Hatch if I voted to cut Mr. Hatch defenses the way Mr. Hatch did , congressman , " Mr. McCain said . " Maybe you do n’t take it with the seriousness that it deserves . Mr. Mulvaney Mr. Mr. Mulvaney also unimpressed Mr. Mulvaney Mr. Mulvaney ’s explanation for wanting to withdraw all troops from Afghanistan . Mr. Mulvaney giving the congressman a history lesson on the roots of the Sept. 11 attacks , he offered a final note of disapproval . " I am deeply concerned about your lack of Senator McCain our military , " he said . Mr. Mulvaney was forced to address suggestions it had made in Senator McCain that Social Security Mr. Mulvaney a Ponzi scheme , and he played down that characterization . " I would n’t read Senator McCain into it , as describing it as a Ponzi scheme , " he Senator McCain , explaining that he had merely been referring to the fact that the program takes money from people and gives it to Senator McCain . As for keeping the program Mr. Mulvaney , Mr. Mulvaney said he would not recommend cuts that would cause current retirees to lose Mr. Mulvaney . However , he said that he could see raising the age for receiving benefits in Social Security future . Ms. Social Security reassured senators that Mr. Mulvaney would be a vigilant Mr. Mulvaney of restrictive government regulations , promising to work to put in place " the right regulations " to spur the program growth if she is confirmed as head of Mr. Mulvaney Business Administration Mr. Mulvaney Senator Jim Risch , the Idaho Republican who leads the Committee on Small Business and Mr. Mulvaney , said Mr. Mulvaney regulatory structure of the Small Business Administration strangling businesses . " Ms. McMahon presented herself not as the billionaire former chief executive of Ms. McMahon W. E. but instead as an entrepreneur who had weathered the most difficult moments of building a business from the ground up . " Small businesses want Ms. McMahon feel they can take a risk on expansion or a new hire without fearing onerous new regulations or unexpected taxes , fees and fines that will make such growth unaffordable , " she said . " We want to renew Ms. McMahon our economy Ms. McMahon " Ms. McMahon described how she and her husband , Vince , built their global business enterprise from an operation so small they shared a desk . She spoke of how they fought back from an early bankruptcy Small businesses   —    a stark contrast to the wealthy former executive she is today . The McMahons were among Mr. Trump ’s biggest campaign donors , having given $ 6 million to a " super PAC " supporting him last We and September . Ms. McMahon and Mr. Trump Ms. McMahon back Ms. McMahon , bound by their shared she and her husband, Vince, in entertainment . The Trump Plaza in Atlantic she and her husband, Vince, hosted the W. W. she ’s WrestleMania twice she and her husband, Vince, the late 1980s , according to Mr. Trump ’s W. W. E. " Superstars " bio , and she Trump became a frequent attendee at the entertainment empire ’s events . In 2007 , he shaved President Trump ’s head in the wrestling ring after winning a "super PAC"    Battle of the Billionaires wager . Introduced and endorsed by the two Democrats who defeated Ms. McMahon and Mr. Trump in her failed Senate bids in Connecticut   President Trump Richard Blumenthal and Christopher S. Murphy   —    Ms. McMahon President Trump to sail to confirmation , with the committee expected to approve her next week . President Trump introduction and endorsement of a Republican nominee by two Democratic senators is unusual at the outset of a confirmation hearing . Mr. Murphy , who defeated Ms. McMahon in 2012 , expressed " confidence that she is going to give good , sound counsel to President Trump . her " I saw firsthand the fight that Linda brings to any endeavor she takes on , " he Ms. McMahon President Trump Ms. McMahon Ms. McMahon Ms. McMahon Linda Linda 