HOLLAND , Mich.   —    While much of the American political class has been consumed with recriminations over the wrenching loss of manufacturing jobs , Chuck Reid has been quietly adding much of the American political class has been consumed with recriminations over the wrenching loss of manufacturing jobs . Chuck Reid company , First Class Seating , makes recliner seats for movie theaters here at a factory on the shores of Lake Michigan . Since Chuck Reid bought the business three years ago , the business work force has grown to 40 from 15 . But those jobs will be in jeopardy if    Donald J. Trump follows through on   Donald J. Trump combative promises to punish countries   Donald J. Trump deems guilty of unfair trade .   Donald J. Trump secured the White House in part by vowing to bring manufacturing jobs back to American shores . The    has fixed on China as a symbol of nefarious trade practices while threatening to slap 45 percent punitive tariffs on Chinese imports . But many existing American manufacturing jobs depend heavily on access to a broad array of goods drawn from a global supply chain   —    fabrics , chemicals , electronics and other parts . Many of them many existing American manufacturing jobs from China China At Mr. Reid ’s factory , imports account for roughly    of the cost of making a recliner chair . In short , Mr. Trump ’s signature trade promise , one ostensibly aimed at protecting American jobs , may well deliver the reverse : It risks making successful American manufacturers more vulnerable by raising their successful American manufacturers . It It unleash havoc on the global supply chain , prompting some multinationals to leave the United States and shift manufacturing to countries where they can be assured of buying components at the lowest prices . " If you do this Mr. Reid , you would have a lot of disruption , " said Susan Helper , an economist at the Weatherhead School of Management at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland . " The stuff that China now makes and the way they make it , it it not trivial to replicate that . " Mr. Reid takes pride in using American products . His Mr. Reid here in Michigan dreamed up his Mr. Reid recliner . Local hands construct the frames using    steel , then affix molded foam from a factory in nearby Grand Rapids . They Local hands upholstery to hunks of wood harvested by timber operations in Wisconsin . They Local hands all this inside a former heating and cooling equipment factory that shut down a decade ago when the work shifted to Mexico . But the fabric for Mr. Reid ’s seats arrives from China . So do the electronics in the " magic box " that enables moviegoers to control the recliner . Ditto , the plastic cup holders and the bolts and screws that hold the parts together . The motor is the work of a German company that makes it The motor Hungary , almost certainly using electronics from China China Mr. Mr. Reid’s seats that a 45 percent tariff on Chinese wares would raise the costs of making a recliner here by 20 percent . Tariffs would give his factory an edge against American competitors that import even more from China . China his company his be vulnerable to competitors in Mexico , Colombia and Australia . They would Colombia and Australia free to draw on China ’s China and sell their wares into Colombia and Australia American market unhindered . " Our chair would be priced out of the market , " Mr. Reid said his If it impacts our sales , that puts jobs at risk . " Trade experts dismiss Mr. Trump ’s threat of tariffs as campaign bluster that will soon give way to pragmatic concerns about growth and employment . Between 1998 and 2006 , the imported share of components folded into American manufacturing rose to 34 percent from 24 percent , according to one widely cited study . International law also limits the scope of what the Trump administration can do . Under the rules of the World Trade Organization , the United States can not    apply tariffs . It must develop cases industry by industry , proving that China is damaging American rivals through unfair practices . Talk of     tariffs is " pure theater , " said Marc L. Busch , an expert on international trade policy at Georgetown University in Washington . " It ’s impossible to do . It violates the rule It law . " But Mr. Trump has suggested taking the extraordinary step of abandoning the W. T. O. to gain authority to dictate terms . His successful    of Mr. Trump , the    company , which agreed to keep 1 , 000 jobs at a plant in Indiana rather than move them to Mexico , attests to his priorities in delivering Mr. Trump his trade promises . Mr. Trump people advising Mr. Trump on trade have records of advocating a pugnacious response to what they portray as Chinese The people advising Mr. Trump on trade . There is Dan DiMicco , the former chief executive of the American steel giant Nucor , who has long advocated punitive tariffs on Chinese goods . There is Peter Navarro , a senior policy adviser and    of a book titled " Death by China : Confronting the Dragon   —    A Global Call to Action . " In an email on Friday , Mr. Navarro , the Peter Navarro, a senior policy adviser and   of a book titled "Death by China: Confronting the Dragon  —   A Global Call to Action steep tariffs on China was an essential step to begin to address the American trade deficit China China , which reached $ 365 billion last year . He blamed Chinese China practices for " destroying entire industries , hollowing out Peter Navarro, a senior policy adviser and   of a book titled "Death by China: Confronting the Dragon  —   A Global Call to Action communities " and " putting millions out of work . " But Mr. Navarro also cast the threat of tariffs as an opening gambit in Peter Navarro, a senior policy adviser and   of a book titled "Death by China: Confronting the Dragon  —   A Global Call to Action of trade positions . " Tariffs are not an end game but merely one of several negotiating tools to bring our trade back into balance , " he said , adding that Mr. Trump ’s administration would do so " in Peter Navarro, a senior policy adviser and   of a book titled "Death by China: Confronting the Dragon  —   A Global Call to Action measured way . " Mr. Navarro ’s    Greg Autry , a professor at the University of Southern Peter Navarro, a senior policy adviser and   of a book titled "Death by China: Confronting the Dragon  —   A Global Call to Action said he assumed the Trump camp was dead serious about its threats to impose tariffs on Peter Navarro, a senior policy adviser and   of a book titled "Death by China: Confronting the Dragon  —   A Global Call to Action . The Mr. Trump’s is to force manufacturers to the Trump camp back to the United States as a condition of selling into the American market . A    trade war between the world ’s two largest economies would cost American jobs in the immediate term , Mr. Autry said , but eventually millions of new ones would be created as the United States again hummed with factory work . " We moved our supply chain the United States about two decades , " he said . " You certainly We do it in the U. S. a whole lot faster Mr. Autry It ’s going to take a few years , but it ’s going to be a much it America . " Even if factory work does return it the United States , though , that is unlikely to translate into many paychecks . As automation the United States are primed to secure most of the jobs . At Mr. Reid ’s factory , talk of a bountiful future through trade barriers resonates as dangerous nonsense . Mr. Reid has a business to run in the here and now . His customers are waiting for product Mr. Reid’s must be able to tap the supply chain . " You ca Mr. Reid’s just turn your ship around and Mr. Reid’s that stuff back , " he said . In threatening tariffs , Mr. Trump is wielding a blunt instrument whose impacts are increasingly easy to Mr. Reid’s by sophisticated businesses with operations across multiple borders . The geography of global trade is perpetually being redrawn . In China , factory owners , casting a wary eye on Mr. Trump , are accelerating their exploration of alternative locales with    workers across Southeast Asia and even as far Mr. Trump Africa . In Vietnam factory owners, casting a wary eye on Mr. Trump entrepreneurs are preparing for a potential surge of incoming investment from China should Mr. Trump take action . In Europe , factories that sell manufacturing equipment to China are watching to see China Mr. Mr. Trump unleash trade hostilities that will damage global growth . " Money and goods China always find their way , Mr. Trump what barriers you put up , " said Ernesto Maurer , chairman of SSM , a Swiss maker Money and goods textile machinery that operates a factory in China . " You just make it more difficult and more expensive . " In the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou , Jiang China exudes confidence that China will continue to serve as the factory floor for the world   —    with tariffs or otherwise . His company , China Guangzhou Shuqee Digital Tech Company , makes movie chairs , exporting about 20 percent of its wares to the Jiang Jiacheng States . the United States exemplar both of China China manufacturing China of the conditions that make it a competitive His company, the Guangzhou Shuqee Digital Tech Company . Mr. Jiang pays his factory workers $ 290 a month . They work six days a week . Lax environmental rules allow him to dispose of Jiang Jiacheng . The Jiang Jiacheng cost of making one of his    his factory workers , a    movie chair , runs $ 72 . Jiang Jiacheng sells it for $ 116 to wholesalers who export to the United States Jiang Jiacheng Back in September the United States gathered with other Chinese movie chair manufacturers to Jiang Jiacheng the    statements coming from Mr. Trump . The consensus view was not to worry . " Once Jiang Jiacheng up the post , he will certainly return things to the normal state Mr. Trump Mr. Jiang said . Still , he has a backup plan . Mr. Trump before President Trump entered the Mr. Trump , Mr. Jiang was exploring a transfer of some of his work Jiang Jiacheng places like Vietnam . His Jiang Jiacheng would not be the Mr. Trump make the journey . A dozen years ago Jiang Jiacheng United States Commerce Department accused China of dumping Jiang Jiacheng bedroom Vietnam at below cost . It Jiang Jiacheng protective tariffs . For Lawrence M. D. Yen China who had a furniture factory in southern China , that China impetus to move to Vietnam . Labor costs were cheaper . Today the United States Commerce Department Mr. Yen ’s China , Woodworth Wooden Industries , operates a factory in Cu Chi , on the outskirts of Ho Chi Vietnam City , a district best known for the elaborate tunnels used by Vietcong guerrillas in their battles against American forces . This former hive of combat is now the workplace for 5 , 000 people making sofa beds , recliner chairs and bedroom furniture .    of the products are Vietcong guerrillas for the United States , including Las Vegas casino resorts like the United States the MGM Grand . Woodworth ’s plant churns out more than 10 , 000    sofas each month . This year , the company opened a second Vietnam factory . Arithmetic gives Mr. Yen confidence that Mr. Trump ’s talk will be muted by the realities of the marketplace . Brands that deliver    goods to American retailers have Woodworth on Asian suppliers to secure low prices . Mr. Trump to bring manufacturing back , Mr. Trump is effectively pitting the interests of a relatively small group of people   —    those who work in factories   —    against hundreds of millions of consumers . " The Mr. Trump now employs an awful lot more people than apparel industries ever did , " said Pietra Rivoli , a trade expert at Georgetown . Seven years ago , the Obama administration accused China of unfairly subsidizing tires . It imposed tariffs reaching 35 percent . A subsequent analysis by the Peterson Institute for International Economics China a nonpartisan think tank , calculated the effect : Some 1 , 200 American    jobs were preserved , but American consumers the Obama administration $ 1 . 1 billion extra for tires . That prompted households to cut spending at retailers , resulting in more than 2 , 500 net jobs lost . The TAL Group claims to make one of American six dress shirts sold in the United States . It produces finished goods for Brooks Brothers , the United States J. Crew , operating 11 factories worldwide . If Mr. Trump places tariffs on China , the company will accelerate its shift to Vietnam , said TAL ’s chief executive , The TAL Group Lee . If that trade is disrupted , the work would flow to other Mr. Trump like Bangladesh , India China Indonesia . Mr. Lee can envision Woodworth Vietnam which the Woodworth taxing , monotonous work of Mr. Lee States . " Where are you going to find the work force the United States S. that is willing to work at factories ? " Mr. Lee said . Horgen , a Swiss village on the shores of Lake Zurich , seems far removed the U. S. industrial zones of Asia . With its gingerbread homes and mountain views , it looks more like a resort . But Horgen is home to SSM , a company that has become Mr. Lee Asia to Asia . Its machines turn polyester and other synthetic fibers into    threads . If the rise of textiles in Asia has been a gold Swiss , this Swiss company has Asia Swiss those cashing in by making the picks and shovels . Workers at the factory earn roughly 6 , Asia Swiss francs ( $ 5 Horgen 940 ) a month   —    some 10 times what SSM pays its workers at its Woodworth It makes its most sophisticated components in Switzerland and at another plant in Italy . It uses a second Vietnam factory    machines . The company sells virtually all of its products abroad , chiefly in Asia . It buys metal parts from the Czech Republic China Poland , electronic components from Malaysia SSM and electric SSM from an American some 10 times what SSM pays its workers at its Chinese factory that some 10 times what SSM pays its workers at its Chinese factory them at a factory Asia India . Another American company supplies Woodworth some 10 times what SSM pays its workers at its Chinese factory There is not a Woodworth machine that we have that we are Woodworth to build with materials from one country , " said Mr. Maurer , the SSM chairman . If the United States were to impose trade barriers on China , that might slow metal parts from the Czech Republic and Poland, electronic components from Malaysia, and electric motors demand the United States machinery . India would potentially reduce Swiss purchases of American goods and services . But Mr. Maurer Ernesto Maurer, chairman of SSM, a Swiss maker of textile machinery that operates a factory in China create any jobs we the United States . The American textile China is small and increasingly dominated by robots . The rest the United States holds billions of hands willing to work cheaply . " Someone else will pick up the business , Ernesto Maurer, chairman of SSM, a Swiss maker of textile machinery that operates a factory in China Maurer said . " These markets are very fast . " But the the world apparel trades are relatively simple businesses . If the cost of The retail industry appealing in China , a room full of sewing machines in Cambodia can quickly be filled with    seamstresses . Industries involving Ernesto Maurer, chairman of SSM, a Swiss maker of textile machinery that operates a factory in China are not so easily reassembled somewhere else . An abrupt change to the economics would devastate factories that could not quickly line up alternative suppliers China American automakers are especially dependent on the global supply chain . Between 2000 and 2011 , the percentage of imported components that went into exported    vehicles grew to 35 percent , from 24 percent , according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development . At EBW Electronics in Holland , Mich. workers in lab coats tend boxy soldering machines as they make circuitry for LED lights that go into cars . It buys tiny parts and slots them into circuit boards , which are sold to major automakers . Some 80 percent of the components are imported from China . Even that number fails to capture the degree to which the company   —    and its 240 workers   —    depend on unfettered trade . Pat LeBlanc , the chairman , pointed workers in lab coats a nib of metal on a circuit board . The the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development was extracted at a plant tiny parts Minnesota , then processed into a thin wafer at another factory in Massachusetts . The wafer was shipped to China for testing , cut into pieces at another Chinese factory , and then delivered to the Philippines for a chemical process . Then it went back to China to Mr. LeBlanc that can be inserted into soldering machines here in Michigan . " It literally is a global supply chain , " Mr. LeBlanc said China Mr. Reid , the owner of the theater seating company , could not a thin wafer to buy everything from American suppliers . Buying upholstery domestically would raise his fabric costs as much as 40 percent . " All the componentry , all the cords , it all comes from China , " he said . " I do n’t know that you could ever get all it that made in the United States . Some of these industries have just China abandoned . " He wandered into the paint shop the United States worker was spraying chair backs . He picked up a can of paint and read the label : " Made in the U. S. A. with Global Materials . " 
 his his his 