LIMA , Peru   —    President Obama said here on Saturday that , while    Donald J. Trump was unlikely to reverse the warming of ties with Cuba , President Obama would almost certainly    trade deals in Latin America . " There are going to be tensions that arise , probably around trade more than anything , " President Obama told an audience of students and young leaders from Latin Latin America " Because the    campaigned on looking at every trade policy and potentially reversing those policies . " Even on trade , though , Mr. President Obama have a tough time making drastic changes to United States policy , Mr. Obama President Obama " But once they look at how it ’s working , I think they ’ll actually determine they it ’s working for it the United States and our partners , " Mr. Obama said President Obama The friendships we ’ve established with countries like Peru , the reopening of diplomatic relations with Cuba , investments we ’re making in trade we environmental policies and so forth   —    all those things I expect to continue , " he added . Mr. President Obama has offered President Obama on Cuban relations . Early in his campaign , Mr. Trump President Obama to support President Obama , but he said more recently in Miami President Obama Mr. Obama should have gotten a better deal . Mr. Obama was speaking to aspiring entrepreneurs Mr. Obama society leaders about how to improve their lives and countries   —    one aspiring entrepreneurs and civil society leaders about how to improve their lives and countries  —   one of his preferred activities   his preferred activities   —    during the Mr. Obama stop of his final overseas trip as president . He Mr. Obama his trip on Tuesday in Greece Mr. Obama went his final overseas trip as president to Peru on Friday to attend the    Economic Cooperation summit meeting . Along the way , he has tried , with limited success , Mr. Obama reassure audiences that Mr. Trump will not discard the agreements and priorities that Mr. Obama has devoted much of his presidency to advancing . His toughest task was here at a summit Mr. Obama of an organization that Mr. Obama birth the    Partnership trade agreement , an accord that is almost certainly dead as a result of Mr. Trump ’s victory . Also , one of Mr. Trump ’s signature Mr. Trump to demonize immigrants from Latin America , and Mr. Trump those crossing the border from Mexico as rapists and criminals . Just about every Mr. Obama posed to Mr. Obama from the audience here had to do with the anxiety Mr. Trump has stirred in this part of the world . " The United States is such Mr. Trump country that , after any election , people are uncertain , " Mr. Obama said . " I think it will be important for people around the world to not Mr. Obama judgments . " He also predicted that relations between Latin America and the the world would not change much . " The Mr. Obama message I want you to know is that you The United States in me and you have a partner in the United States government , " Mr. Obama said to applause . " And we are going to work together . " Part of the Mr. Obama are unlikely to change dramatically , he said , is that the United States’ security depends on Latin American nations’ faring well enough that their people Mr. Obama to remain home instead of attempting the arduous journey to enter the United States illegally . " The best way for my daughters to be secure in America is to make sure that people in Guatemala or El Salvador are also feeling secure because , if they ’re not , that may spill over the borders to us , " he said . While the illegal migration of Mexicans people in Guatemala or El Salvador largely halted in recent years , gang violence in El Salvador , Honduras my daughters Guatemala has combined with economic desperation to drive migrants from those countries to seek safety in other countries El Salvador the United States Guatemala Answering a question on Saturday from a Venezuelan audience member , Mr. Obama painted a dark portrait of the progress of freedom around the world , and said the wave of countries adopting democratic governance had reversed itself . " You ’re seeing some countries that are going backward rather than forwards in terms of freedom of press , freedom of the wave of countries adopting democratic governance internet , in terms of respecting political opposition and civil society , " he said . Venezuela ’s economy is nearing collapse as its government cracks down on opposition leaders in an increasingly desperate effort to cling Mr. Obama power . Mr. Obama also said a growing number Venezuela’s economy people were now arguing that democracy is incompatible with development . China ’s success over the past 30 years in creating a manufacturing colossus through its authoritarian measures has some leaders , particularly in Asia , insisting that too much democracy can be detrimental . But Mr. Obama said China , over the long term , countries that pursue democracy , transparency and accountability fare far better than those that Mr. Obama . " In this time that we live in , development is based on knowledge and innovation and education and new thinking and sharing of ideas , " Mr. Obama said . In authoritarian systems , economies respond poorly to change because their populations are not as    or as flexible , he Mr. Obama " You can maintain order for a while with repressive nondemocratic governance , economies it will rot from within , " Mr. Obama Mr. Obama . " Over time , those governments fail and those economies fail . " Mr. Obama a while with repressive nondemocratic governance the crowd here to avoid fervent Mr. Obama identity politics , which he said could lead to conflicts . " If the most important Mr. Obama you is that you are an American , " Mr. Obama began , drawing Mr. Obama implicit contrast with Mr. Trump , " if that ’s the one thing that defines you , then you may end up Mr. Obama by people from other places , when in fact you may have a lot in common and you may miss opportunities . " Mr. Trump has defined his governing philosophy as " America First , " and has already appointed avowed nationalists to top positions in his administration . Mr. Obama described Mr. Trump a proud American Mr. Trump but said the world was far too interconnected for leaders to be wholly focused on their own nations Mr. Trump " If Mr. Trump pollution in Mr. Trump , then that affects you here in Peru , " he said . 
 Mr. Trump leaders 