David Samson , a longtime friend of Gov. Chris Christie , pleaded guilty to a felony count of bribery on Thursday and admitted that David Samson, a longtime friend of Gov. Chris Christie had pressured United Airlines to operate a weekly flight to South Carolina for David Samson, a longtime friend of Gov. Chris Christie personal convenience . The plea , which was offered before Judge Jose L. Linares of United States District Court in Newark , appears to put an end to Mr. Samson ’s career as a public official and power broker . And it casts a shadow over the political fortunes of Mr. Christie , a New Jersey Republican who until this week had been considered a potential running mate for Donald J. Trump , the party ’s presumptive nominee for president . " One of the problems with Chris Christie is there are skeletons in Chris Christie closet that still have skin on the bones , " Patrick Murray , director of the Monmouth University Polling Institute , said . The prosecution of Mr. Samson grew out of a federal investigation into the closing of access lanes   to the George Washington Bridge in 2013 . Federal prosecutors contend that allies of Chris Christie at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey conspired to tie up traffic on the New New Jersey of the bridge to punish a local mayor for declining to endorse Mr. Chris Christie bid for    as governor . Mr. Samson , who was Mr. Christie ’s appointee as chairman of the Port Authority at the time of the lane closings , has not been charged in that case . But two of the governor ’s former allies , Bill Baroni and Bridget Anne Kelly , are scheduled to stand trial in September for their alleged roles former allies, Bill Baroni and Bridget Anne Kelly the    scheme . A third , David Wildstein , has already pleaded guilty in that case . that case Fishman , Mr. Fishman whether Mr. Samson was cooperating with the prosecution of the    case . that case is the nexus of the two matters because it operates the bridge and the three big commercial airports in the New York City area The Port Authority Mr. Fishman said that Mr. Samson , 76 , had abused his position at the agency by coercing United to reinstate a canceled route between Newark Liberty Mr. Fishman Airport and Columbia , S. C. near one of Mr. Samson ’s homes . He said Mr. Samson had threatened to block the construction of a maintenance hangar for United Mr. Fishman the Mr. Samson’s the airline restored the " " flight . Tall and    United Samson Newark Liberty International Airport former New Jersey attorney general , spoke on Thursday in a soft voice when the judge asked if he understood that he could spend up to two years in prison and that Judge Linares to practice law Judge Linares be affected Judge Linares He said he did . Judge Linares scheduled a sentencing Judge Linares for Oct. 20 . Mr. Fishman said he Judge Linares saddened Judge Linares " David Samson was a major force in the legal community in New Jersey . Mr. Fishman He added , " This kind of case shakes public confidence in our institutions of government , when people Mr. Fishman are so accomplished and who have occupied so many positions of public trust misuse their authority to get something for themselves . " Mr. Fishman also announced that Jamie Fox , a former people who are so accomplished and who have occupied so many positions of public trust of the Port Authority and people who are so accomplished and who have occupied so many positions of public trust transportation commissioner Mr. Fishman Jersey appointed by Mr. Christie , had been charged with conspiring to commit bribery in connection with the flight . Mr. Fox , who was a lobbyist for United , advised Mr. Samson on how to pressure the airline to acquiesce to his demand , Mr. Fishman said . In one email exchange , he said , Mr. Fox told Mr. Samson Mr. Samson " You Mr. Samson dancing . " Mr. Samson wrote back : Mr. Samson Good . Mr. Samson they dance Mr. Samson tune   —    let me know if there Mr. Samson way to keep the pressure on this issue : them will save me a lot of heartache . " The Port Authority staff had recommended that its board of commissioners approve a lease this issue with United for the hangar . But Mr. Samson , who controlled the agendas of the Port Authority ’s meetings , pulled the matter off the agenda in November 2011 , Mr. Fishman said . Mr. Fox then advised Mr. its board of commissioners it up for a vote at the December 2011 meeting to demonstrate his clout to United , Mr. Fishman said . Less than a year after the hangar deal was approved , United started flying a plane every Mr. Fox evening from Newark to Mr. Fishman a short drive from Mr. Samson ’s home in Aiken , S. C. Every United morning , United flew a plane back to Newark . Mr. Fishman Mr. Fishman 27 times . Mr. Fishman said Mr. Samson and other agency United called the route " the Newark ’s flight , " adding Mr. Samson Fox referred to it as " Samson Air . " Mr. Fox Mr. Fishman , faces a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $ 250 , 000 fine . " They both should have known better , " Mr. Fishman said of Mr. Samson and Mr. Fox . " They both did know better . " Although Mr. Fishman said United " caved " to the pressure from Mr. Samson , neither the airline nor any of its executives will be charged in connection with the case . United agreed to pay Mr. Fishman of $ 2 . 25 million , he said . Mr. Fishman said United had cooperated and responded just United prosecutors would have wanted . He noted that among the United the airline took were the dismissals of several executives , including Jeff Mr. Fishman , its Mr. Fishman and chief United . United stopped flying the route soon after Mr. Samson resigned Mr. Fishman the agency in 2014 . United last year from Wolff   Samson , the law firm he helped found United The firm had been very close United the state ’s government for decades and had served as outside counsel to state agencies Mr. Samson It had also lobbied agencies on behalf of clients seeking state Mr. Samson , favorable regulation Wolff   approval for large development projects . The firm immediately changed its name to Chiesa , Shahinian   Giantomasi . Jeff Chiesa , Wolff   of the partners , worked for Mr. Christie in the United States attorney ’s office , and as his chief counsel and Wolff   . He was Wolff   by the governor to temporarily fill the United States Senate seat left open when Frank R. Lautenberg died in 2013 . After the hearing on Thursday , Mr. Samson exhaled Mr. Samson , Mr. Christie Walder , escorted him away from the courtroom . He and Mr. Walder declined to comment . Another of Mr. Samson ’s lawyers , Michael Chertoff , the former secretary of homeland security , said , " The next you ’ll Mr. Samson from us is at the sentencing Mr. Samson " 
 Mr. Samson Mr. Samson 