Near the end of his interview with Bill Murray , Howard Stern turned an already somber discussion about missed career opportunities into an existential grilling . " Is there something that you question in your own life , " Howard Stern asked , " like why have n’t I found that great love of my life ? " Bill Murray audibly exhaled and let a pensive moment of silence pass . " Well , I think about that , I do think about that , that um , you know . I ’m not sure what my   —    what I ’m getting done here , " he Bill Murray , sounding like a man questioning his Bill Murray purpose . Dating seemed like a bad idea , he Bill Murray on , given that he Bill Murray such a mystery to himself Bill Murray and a mystery that he Bill Murray not very eager to solve . " What has stopped you from getting in touch with you ? " asked Robin Quivers , Mr. Stern ’s longtime   . " What stops us from looking at ourselves and us ourselves is us we ’re us of ugly , if we really us if we look us hard , " Mr. Murray replied . " We ’re us who we think us are us We ’re us , uh we ’re us as wonderful as we think us are us " As an irregular listener of " The Howard Stern Show , " I found this conversation , which took place in 2014 , a bit startling . For years , Mr. Stern was known principally for pushing the limits of taste as the ringmaster of a raunchy circus of pranksters , oddballs and strippers . During his decades Mr. Stern terrestrial radio , his main Mr. Stern seemed to be , in no particular order , boob jobs , prostitutes , lesbians and flatulence . Introspection and empathy were not fortes . What I did n’t appreciate , until hearing Mr. Murray lay bare his deepest Mr. Murray , is that since settling in to his new Mr. Murray on satellite radio , which he did Mr. Murray 2006 , Mr. Stern and his show Mr. Murray gradually taken on an improbable new dimension . Scattered among the gleefully vulgar mainstays are now long , starkly intimate live exchanges   —    character excavations that have made Mr. Stern one of the most deft and engrossing celebrity interviewers in the business and a    stop for stars selling a movie or setting the record straight . " He ’s Mr. Murray serum , " said the comedian Amy Schumer , who has been on the show four times in the last five years . " It ’s like you ’re under contract to be totally honest in there , and even though it ’s being broadcast , it feels it intimate and protected , even though you definitely are n’t . " By all accounts , the metamorphosis has been slow   —    the result of a combination of therapy , his second Mr. Murray , mainstream acceptance and a sixth sense Mr. Stern has about how to evolve with the times . " I could n’t have done the show I ’m doing now 20 years ago , " Mr. Stern Mr. Stern the phone . " I ’ve changed a lot . I ’d be sort of pathetic if I ’d reached this point in my life and I had n’t . How else do you have longevity ? There are so many guys who started out with me in radio , who have disappeared , because they ca n’t broaden their view of they entertainment should be , or get in touch with what they find to they exciting and fun and funny . " Mr. Stern , 62 , has not dropped the    material , and the freedom of satellite radio allows him and his crew to him an unconditional love for profanity . But he seems warmer him and his interest in him has never had greater depth or range . The interviews give the show a heft that it did n’t the show have , turning his New York him at SiriusXM into a destination of choice for those who a decade ago might have steered clear . " Today , if you go on a TV talk show and give a great six or seven minutes , people will link to it , if a TV talk show ’s incredible a TV talk show " said Lewis Kay , who oversees media for Tracy Morgan , Amy Poehler and others . " But if you kill on Stern , it moves the needle . " Sometimes the results are concrete . Ms. Schumer ’s interview on " Howard Stern Stern Stern seek her out , resulting in a Judd Apatow that produced " Trainwreck . " But it ’s far more common for celebrities to get the amorphous , though palpable , sense that by appearing on the show they have climbed a few rungs celebrities the fame ladder . This has something to do with the fervor of Mr. Stern ’s fans , and Stern " Aside from the fact the fervor of Mr. Stern’s fans millions of people hear you , the cross section of who hears you is what blew me away , " said Ike Barinholtz , an actor and comedian who has appeared on the show three times since 2014 . " When you have a head of a movie studio in Los Angeles and a New York City police officer both tell you that it was good when you made fun of Ronnie the Limo Driver , "   —    Mr. Stern ’s chauffeur and an    regular   —    " you know you ’re dealing with a special entity . " Revelations on the show sometimes make news , as happened the show when the " Modern Family " star Sofia Vergara discussed the feud with her    over frozen embryos . ( All four the "Modern Family" star Sofia Vergara major morning TV shows turned that into a story . ) But more often , Mr. Stern just elicits the most interesting version of his visitors , through curiosity , patience and the benefits Mr. Stern huge and    blocks of time . The interviews are too long for anyone to fall back on jukebox answers they ’ve been playing for years . Conan O’Brien described The interviews on the show as " somewhat medicated " in Mr. Stern discussion about his    depression . Lady Gaga talked about the days Mr. Stern used to snort cocaine all by herself , while Lady Gaga wrote music . John Goodman admitted Lady Gaga he turned Lady Gaga drunk a few times on the set John Goodman " The Big Lebowski . " In the era of the    celebrity , where public image is carefully tailored on social media and authentic candor is rare , the interviews are an almost radical rebuttal to the    games and singalongs popularized by Jimmy Fallon on " The Tonight Show " Mr. Stern believes his approach is n’t just better radio , but also Mr. Stern for whatever product his guest is promoting . " If someone comes in Mr. Stern the audience feels like ‘ Oh my god , I love this person,’ they will want to see their movie , " he said . " It ’s they strange thing to Mr. Stern to someone trained in P. R. but it ’s the God ’s honest truth . If someone It an hour to sit and talk about their life and at the end they say , ‘ By the way , that ’s their brought me to this movie , or to write this book,’ it ’s such a powerful vehicle for promotion . " this movie was n’t easy convincing Mr. Stern to do an interview about his skills as an interviewer . Initially he said no Mr. Stern and a week later , when Mr. Stern changed his mind , he would talk only on Mr. Stern phone Mr. Stern The irony Mr. Stern not elude him . " But I feel like it ’s a Mr. Stern    for me to participate in this , " he said . " It ’s one thing for you Mr. Stern say I ’m doing a good job as an interviewer . It almost takes away from it for me to say , ‘ Yeah , I It . ’ " Mr. Stern started in radio in the    and by 1986 he had a nationally syndicated show , one that would Mr. Stern reach 20 million listeners . To his most ardent fans , he loomed so large that Mr. Stern seemed like a lifestyle Mr. Stern as much as an Mr. Stern . They followed him as he ventured into books ,     events , Mr. Stern and Mr. Stern . The government was less enamored and fined him often enough to make him a First Amendment hero Mr. Stern Tired of free speech Mr. Stern , he signed a five year , $ 500 million deal Mr. Stern Sirius and started swearing with élan in 2006 . Some worried that Mr. Stern would disappear once he went off     radio , and for many he Mr. Stern . But Sirius   —    now SiriusXM Mr. Stern after merging with Sirius biggest rival   —    currently has 30 million SiriusXM . Exactly how many are listening to Mr. Stern the company wo n’t say , but his Mr. Stern Sirius are a significant part of his appeal Mr. Stern This is especially true in Los Angeles , where Mr. Stern have been known to be delayed because people are sitting in the parking lot , waiting for the last question . " One of the most common conversations I have about Howard is Howard Stern like , ‘ I was stuck in my car because Sia was on,’ or ‘ He was finishing up an interview with Jeff Bridges,’ " said Jeff Sia was on,’ , the host of " Survivor " and    Stern Mr. Probst meeting based on where Howard is Howard Stern his interview Howard Stern " It makes sense that the celebrity capital of the world would be so interested in celebrity chatter . " Among showbiz types , being a Stern fan is something like belonging to a secret society , " Mr. Stern Andy Richter , the longtime sidekick of Conan O’Brien . " So when I bump into someone Conan O’Brien say , Jonah Hill , one of us will invariably say ‘ Did you hear Stern interview?’   —    and then you fill in the blank of the last big interview he did . " Stars have been invited on the air by Mr. Stern Mr. Stern as long as he ’s been Mr. Stern radio , but Stern interview?’  — kept their distance . " The show had a reputation for being nutty and off the show and people did n’t want to be associated with it , Stars said Jackie Martling , known as the Jokeman the show who left the show in 2001 , after nearly 20 years . " the show got there , they found out that the bark was much worse than the bite . " There were exceptions . Back in 1983 , when Mr. Stern worked at WNBC they his interview with Gilda Radner ended with her in tears Mr. Stern the time , Mr. Stern Mr. Stern the emotional I. Q. to pick up signals that his guest was unnerved , Mr. Stern was too late Gilda Radner Most interviews ended his guest but you often Mr. Stern the sense that Mr. Stern was more Mr. Stern entertaining himself and his crew than Mr. Stern guests his crew . Then there were the    that he probably assumed would never Mr. Stern on his show and whom he Mr. Stern n’t mind ridiculing Mr. Stern in absentia . " the show n’t think you guys liked me , " Madonna said on the air last year , explaining why she had avoided the show for so long . " last year bad things about me . " the show explained to her : " I used to say the air about everyone . I was angry Madonna quite frankly . I Mr. Stern angry young man . " Mr. Stern still claims on the show to be an anxious Madonna , but he sounds calmer and more content . the show roots for all Mr. Stern and his questions reflect sensitivities unimaginable even a few years ago . Recently Mr. Stern he asked Tina Fey if " Mr. Stern are you wearing ? Mr. Stern is a Mr. Stern question to ask women    at the Oscars . ( Nah , Mr. Stern said . ) Lena Dunham called him " an outspoken feminist " on " The Tonight Show . " This is the same guy who , for years , traded misogynistic the show who "The Tonight Show , Donald J. Trump . Tina Fey a 2005 phone interview , the two rated the looks of the cast of " Desperate Housewives . " " Would you go out with Marcia Cross , " Mr. Trump asked , " or would you turn gay , Howard ? Howard Stern " She ’s got a good body , " he answered Howard Stern " Just put a bag over her head . " Pinpointing when Mr. Stern started his deep interview phase Donald J. Trump easy . It certainly was after he joined Sirius and it has intensified in Marcia Cross last two and a half years , according Mr. Stern longtime producer Mr. Stern Gary Dell’Abate . " Marcia Cross never sat Sirius and said , Mr. Stern This is what we ’re going to do,’ " his deep interview phase said . " It was organic . his deep interview phase caliber of guests got a little better , Howard ’s Howard Stern a little better , publicists out there started saying , ‘ Wow , Mr. Stern was a great interview . ’ " We and fans attribute Mr. Stern ’s evolution in large part to his marriage , in 2008 , to Beth Ostrosky Stern , a former model who not only has left him lovestruck , but turned him into Mr. Stern rescue advocate . Serving as a judge Mr. Stern NBC ’s " America ’s Got Talent , " which he did for four years , also proved Mr. Stern his days as an Mr. Stern scrabbling for mainstream credibility were behind him . " For a long time , he was an underdog , he was Mr. Stern fighting the establishment , " Mr. Probst said Mr. Stern " Being a judge on ‘ America ’s Got Talent’ Mr. Stern to him , ‘ You are deserving Mr. Stern you are legitimate.’ I Mr. Stern it is one reason Howard said to Howard Stern , ‘ Howard Stern K. people really do like me . People really respect me.’ And maybe that chip on his shoulder is America America Therapy has also been key Got Talent’ For years , Mr. Stern was in      psychoanalysis , as he frequently reminds listeners . ( He ’s since cut back . ) Not only has this given him a modicum of inner peace , it has me.’ with a set of tools that he Mr. Stern on guests the way a Mr. Stern safecracker opens a vault . To the extent that Mr. Stern Mr. Stern competitors it is the short list of shows that Mr. Stern celebrities at length . That includes Mr. Stern radio ’s " Fresh this , " though its host , Terry Gross , has only Mr. Stern of the appetite for the intensely personal questions that are Mr. Stern ’s bailiwick . ( When was the last time she asked a pop star about groupies ? ) His nearest rival is perhaps WTF , the podcast of comedian Marc Maron , who fearlessly plumbs Mr. Stern of his guests and has a special fascination with the way parents warp their children . The difference between the two hosts is stylistic . When Mr. Stern sounds like a shrink , he has the physician ’s discipline to keep the conversation about the patient . Mr. Maron is more like a fellow His who wants to compare notes in the waiting room Mr. Stern of parents show is the host Mr. Stern on his own struggles , which by now are pretty familiar . If Mr. the show a weakness as an interviewer it ’s his tendency to interrupt guests , who sometimes seem one second of quiet away from a breakthrough . This occasionally gives the show an almost prosecutorial Mr. Maron , and suggests Mr. Stern n’t fully Mr. Maron his audience ’s attention span . Mr. Stern the show instances when a guest is n’t willing to bare all   Mr. Stern has a weakness as an interviewer    Stevie Wonder comes to mind   —    Mr. Stern can take a little too Mr. Stern to grasp that sex Mr. Stern personal income questions are n’t working . Most of the time , though , Mr. Stern probes exactly where you would if you had the nerve . He asked Mr. Stern if he wished there had been "   sex scenes " in " Breaking Bad . " ( Answer : yes . ) He gave Katherine Heigl Mr. Stern to describe getting snubbed at a restaurant by her " Knocked Mr. Stern "    Seth Rogen Mr. Stern she had    the movie in a Vanity Fair interview . These    interviews are also strategic , as Mr. Stern Mr. Stern intuited that outrageousness wo n’t suffice on satellite radio , a realm without limits , and therefore a place where nothing is outrageous . Keep in mind Katherine Heigl Mr. Stern could once cause a stir by Katherine Heigl to masturbation on Mr. Stern . No set schedule is kept for interviews , which Mr. Stern conducts Monday through Wednesday , the only days he now works , after a contract renegotiation in 2011 Mr. Stern prepare , he and a couple staffers will read and compile notes over the course of days . Mr. Stern might strategize for Mr. Stern as a week , figuring out what he would Mr. Stern to hear if he were listening . Right before the interview begins , Mr. Stern point man will read aloud the team ’s collective jottings . " And then it Mr. Stern in my head and I memorize it , " Mr. Stern said . Mr. Stern I do n’t love the Mr. Stern . I get very anxious and uncomfortable because I want it to be so good . I want the audience to enjoy it , I want the performer to feel comfortable . It ’s a whole Mr. Stern . " collective jottings chunks of the show are more grown up collective jottings ever , sex and strippers remain a preoccupation . The Wack Pack , an unpaid the show cast of eccentrics , still have plenty the process time to heckle one another and the staff , though some the process been rechristened with less offensive names . ( Wendy the process Retard is now Wendy the Slow Adult , for instance . ) Prank phone calls remain a staple . Not long ago , a Hillary Clinton    called a skywriting company and asked if it would spell out a derogatory slogan about Bernie Sanders ’s bathroom habits . Still , the show now includes enough lengthy interviews , delving into enough serious topics , to annoy some longtime fans . They fume on the show They also call the show . Mr. Stern will occasionally put them on the air and let them vent . Enough with the talk about regrets and the show they will say . We want naked women . 
 Mr. Stern the air some longtime fans some longtime fans some longtime fans some longtime fans some longtime fans 