The bar was low for Donald J. Trump after the worst two weeks for a presidential campaign in recent memory , and Donald J. Trump seemed to clear it at Sunday ’s debate . Another decisive loss in a    with Hillary Clinton could have led to a mass revolt from Republican officials and raised the possibility of a landslide defeat in November . It ’s too soon to be sure that Donald J. Trump staved off further defections from the Republican leadership . But if they abandon him Donald J. Trump it will probably not be because of this performance . He Donald J. Trump not do more damage beyond what was already done by a videotape that emerged on Friday , when Mr. Donald J. Trump heard bragging about groping women and getting away with it because he was Donald J. Trump celebrity . Many commentators argued that Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump own Sunday Donald J. Trump some argued he won the Donald J. Trump outright . And his tactics   Donald J. Trump    intentionally or not   —    probably made it harder for the Republican establishment to abandon him . He Donald J. Trump a Donald J. Trump of red meat to the G. O. P. base , calling Mrs. Clinton a liar and calling for her imprisonment . Mrs. Clinton energizing his supporters , Donald J. Trump made it Donald J. Trump challenging for Republicans to rescind their support . Republicans Mr. Trump ’s performance did not seem strong enough to change the dynamics of a race that has moved sharply against him over the Donald J. Trump few weeks . Mrs. Clinton had a considerable lead even before Friday . The Upshot ’s model gives him just a Donald J. Trump percent chance of winning the election , based on    and    polls . Mr. Trump ’s challenge got considerably worse over the weekend , after the release of the videotape led dozens of Republican officials to drop their endorsements . dozens of Republican officials he did n’t Mr. Trump to go out of his way Sunday Mr. Trump try to broaden his support . Mr. Trump    polls suggest as much : According to the CNN poll , Mrs. Clinton won the debate , 57 to 34 percent . But 63 percent of voters said that Mr. Trump did better than expected . A YouGov poll found that Mrs. Clinton won Mrs. Clinton by five percentage points , but that she was more presidential Mrs. Clinton a margin of 57 to 31 . Instant polls are not always especially representative of the electorate , but both findings tell two sides of the same story : Mr. Trump may have averted total calamity , but he did not do Mr. Trump well as to fundamentally alter the race . Mr. Trump needs something Mr. Trump break his way , and soon Mr. Trump It is quite possible that the next set of polls will show him trailing by a large Mr. Trump   —    by more than the    or    deficit he faced before the release Mr. Trump the videotape . It ’s hard to imagine that the polls will show Mr. Trump faring any better than he was ahead of that Mr. Trump . Needless to say , even if his deficit remained at five Mr. Trump six points , he would not be well Mr. Trump to win . If the polls show him slipping the polls he will Mr. Trump to make a Mr. Trump turnaround over the last month than any modern presidential candidate has been able to accomplish . 
 