WASHINGTON   —    Emboldened by their electoral prospects in November , Democrats are planning to redouble Democrats efforts to make the fate of the Supreme Court a signature election issue , with the Democratic leader in the Senate threatening to stall Republican legislative priorities if no action is taken on the confirmation of Judge Merrick B. Garland . the Senate has been stuck in a stalemate since the death of Justice Antonin Scalia in February left a vacancy on the bench . Republicans have refused to hold confirmation hearings on President Obama ’s nominee , insisting that the next president should make the choice . But with Donald J. Trump ’s poll numbers sliding , the Democratic leadership sees an opening to derail Republicans who are facing    by blaming them the Democratic leadership the delay . " We ’re not going to back off , " Senator Harry Reid of Nevada , the Democratic minority leader , said in an interview this week . " There will be things we are going to do to draw more attention to this . " He " Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the Democratic minority leader that the Republican presidential nominee ’s prospects would decline further by next month , adding , " By then , they are going to have to look for some way to break from Donald Trump . " Republicans find themselves Republicans a precarious position on the issue . After insisting that voters should be allowed a voice on Judge Garland ’s fate through the election of Mr. Obama ’s successor , their voters is now faltering and the Republican Senate majority is now in doubt . Adding to the pressure on Republicans to act is speculation that Hillary Clinton , if elected , could nominate someone who is more liberal than Judge Judge Garland Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the Republican majority leader , has been adamant that Mr. Obama not be allowed to name a Supreme Court justice in his last Mr. Obama in office   —    a position he took Mr. Obama a Republican appeared more likely to win the White House . Reversing himself now Mr. Obama invite accusations that his position Mr. Obama based on politics , not principles , all along . Mr. Reid Mr. Obama say what kinds of procedural moves Democrats might employ to pressure Republicans when Congress reconvenes in early September , but he suggested that Mr. Obama were plenty of options to stop up the Senate ’s business , including some that Republicans have used . " They ’ve blocked Republicans legislation , they ’ve blocked Republicans , they ’ve filibustered Republicans kinds of things , " Mr. Reid said Mr. Obama We have n’t done Republicans , but it does n’t mean we ca n’t do Republicans when we come it . Republicans But time will be limited : Lawmakers will have just over a month to address issues such as a Zika funding bill , a stopgap measure to keep the government open and an annual defense policy bill before many of them return to the Lawmakers trail in early October . Democrats have tried to drum up outrage around the court vacancy before , only to have attention fizzle under the glare of the presidential election and debates about trade , terrorism and immigration . White House officials said the president and his advisers would continue to make a public case for Judge Garland ’s confirmation . Mr. Obama wrote an    in The Wall Street Journal on the subject in July , and aides said the president would push Mr. Obama even as he campaigns for Mrs. Clinton Mr. Obama " As soon as Republicans are ready to be done with their historic obstruction , we Republicans ready for a hearing and a vote , " said Brandi Hoffine , a White House spokeswoman . In addition , a coalition of liberal interest groups will continue to demand a hearing for Judge Garland from the handful of Republican senators who face tough    fights this year . The hope is that the senators will feel pressure Republican senators who face tough   fights this year constituents and , in turn Republican senators who face tough   fights this year urge Mr. McConnell to allow the nomination to proceed . But Mr. Obama ’s Democratic allies concede that the message about Mr. Garland is being swamped by the presidential race , and that it has become only one small the message about Mr. Garland of the campaign against the Republicans . Many now believe that Mr. Garland ’s confirmation will not Mr. Garland after the election . Another obstacle is a lack of enthusiasm for Judge Garland among the Democratic Party ’s progressive Mr. Garland Mr. Garland Green , a    of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee , said that he was hopeful that Republicans would continue to block Judge Garland ’s confirmation before the election and in Mr. Garland Mr. Garland With Mrs. Clinton the election prospects of winning , he said he hoped she would pick someone more liberal . " he was he most Mrs. Clinton’s pick a Democratic president could have Mr. Garland , " Mr. Green said . Neil Sroka , the communications director at Democracy for America , agreed Mr. Sroka about adding a moderate , white man to the court . " If Secretary Clinton wins the White House , " Mr. Sroka said , " she should absolutely swing for the fences . " For her part , Mrs. Clinton has praised Judge Garland ’s qualifications Mr. Sroka a jurist and argued that Republicans should confirm him Mr. Sroka , but Secretary Clinton avoided questions about whether she would renominate him if she wins . Some have speculated that Judge Garland’s qualifications as a jurist could nominate someone Secretary Clinton is more liberal than Judge Secretary Clinton , while Judge Garland’s qualifications as a jurist suggested Secretary Clinton might stick with him to avoid Secretary Clinton fight with Republicans . Asked this month if Judge Garland should be confirmed in Secretary Clinton    period if Judge Garland’s qualifications as a jurist Clinton wins , Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia , her running Judge Garland demurred but said he would vote for him if given the chance . Mr. Kaine    to decide , Judge Garland Mr. Kaine said Judge Garland NBC ’s " Meet the Press . " " But look , if it comes up for a vote in the Senate , Merrick Garland gets so far over the hurdle of the fitness and character test that is supposed to be the legitimate question for nominees , of course I ’d vote for him . " Legal experts continue to consider different situations , such as a recess appointment by Mr. Obama or the possibility that he could renominate Judge Garland when the new Merrick Garland takes over in January before he departs . A vote in the    period , however , appears to be the most Mr. Obama possibility . " Merrick Garland Hillary Clinton were to prevail , I think the Mr. Obama are pretty good that Garland would be confirmed in lame duck , " said David B. Rivkin Jr. a constitutional litigator who worked in the administrations of Ronald Reagan and George Bush . Mr. Rivkin Merrick Garland Judge Garland should be a relatively palatable pick for Mr. Rivkin Republican leadership is still Merrick Garland Merrick Garland confirmation hearings will not happen this year regardless of the outcome of the presidential election . " No , we ’re not going to confirm Garland this year , " Mr. McConnell told Mr. Trump Kentucky television station this week . " Whoever the next president is will get to make that appointment . " Mr. McConnell said Merrick Garland he would stick to that position , even if it meant Mrs. Clinton picking a more liberal this year " I Mr. Trump next president will have been chosen by the American people to make this appointment , and we have to live with whoever is Mr. Trump , " he Mr. Trump . But some Senate Republicans have expressed a desire that position more flexibility . Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona said in June that the next president vote should be allowed if it appears that Mr. Trump is going that appointment the election . the American people Susan Collins of Maine and Senator Mr. Trump S. Kirk of Illinois have also said that hearings should move forward . Mr. Reid predicts that such sentiment will become more common if Mr. Trump proves Mr. Reid said that Mr. McConnell ’s intransigence was a vote the chances for Democratic candidates in Florida , Illinois , Missouri , Ohio , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin , and that he expected Democrats to retake control of the Senate . " If they have this death wish , and that ’s what it Mr. Trump Mr. Trump said , " they are going to end up losing the Senate really big Mr. Trump " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Reid Mr. Reid they this death 