VIENTIANE , Laos   —    President Obama has grown accustomed to having President Obama foreign travels overshadowed by terrorist attacks or police shootings . This might be the first time one of President Obama trips has been marred by bad manners . On President Obama final visit to Asia as president this week , President Obama had intended to confront America ’s wartime legacy in Laos and to reaffirm his President Obama pivot to the region . Like all presidential trips , it has been meticulously planned to showcase achievements : a    partnership with China and vigorous American engagement with China China . But in four messy days , the president lost the clear message choreographed by his advance the president . There was the chaotic arrival ceremony in China , China which missing aircraft stairs unexpectedly trumped the theme of global warming . And then , an ugly personal outburst that prompted Mr. Obama to cancel a meeting with the new leader of the Philippines , an ally the United States will need in the coming contest with China for China influence . On Tuesday , the White House scrambled to limit the fallout from skipping a meeting with Rodrigo Duterte Mr. Duterte Obama Mr. Obama plug after hearing that Mr. Duterte had unleashed a profane diatribe against him , threatening Mr. Obama repeat it to Mr. Obama ’s Mr. Obama he dared the plug him Mr. Obama recent extrajudicial Mr. Obama in his country . Mr. Mr. Obama is dealing Mr. Obama headwinds , not least that he is a    leader Mr. Obama the last five months of his term . Back home Mr. Obama his struggles are viewed through Mr. Obama unforgiving lens of    politics . Donald J. Trump , the Republican nominee , tweeted that the Chinese snubbed Mr. Obama and that Mr. Duterte called him a " ’u2009‘son of a whore.’ Terrible ! " Mr. Obama a president eager to burnish his legacy , the trip has in fact yielded progress Mr. Obama several fronts , most notably climate change . But the miscues illustrate how poor planning , or even plain bad luck , can undermine a president ’s performance abroad . Worse , the dispute with Mr. Duterte carries genuine risks for the United States , Mr. Duterte sensitive role of the Philippines as an American treaty ally that is engaged in an increasingly dangerous standoff with Beijing over maritime claims in the South China Sea . Scrapping the meeting , American officials insisted , was less an expression of Mr. Obama ’s pique than a recognition that the news media would treat it as a spectacle . " All of the focus was the news media those comments , " said Benjamin J. Rhodes , the deputy national security adviser . " Mr. Rhodes for a bilateral meeting . " Mr. Rhodes insisted that Mr. Rhodes alliance between the United States and the Philippines was " rock solid " the two countries work together on a range of issues , from drug interdiction to counterterrorism . He said it was possible that Mr. Obama might run into Mr. Duterte anyway , since the two are Mr. Rhodes a meeting of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations here in Vientiane . Hillary Clinton said Mr. Obama ’s decision to cancel the meeting was " exactly the right choice . " She said the Mr. Obama likely to raise concerns about a meeting of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations of alleged drug dealers , " and when the Hillary Clinton Mr. Obama Philippines insulted our president , it was appropriate in a very    way to say , ‘ Sorry Mr. Duterte Mr. Obama Mr. Duterte seemed eager to defuse the situation . In a statement , he said he regretted that his comments " came across as a personal attack on the U. S. president . " He said he had overreacted to Mr. Duterte that Mr. Duterte Mr. Obama Mr. Duterte to lecture him in their meeting about his unorthodox methods in combating the drug trade Mr. Duterte " Mr. Duterte look forward to ironing out differences arising out of national priorities Mr. Duterte perceptions , " Mr. Mr. Obama said , " and working in mutually responsible ways for both countries . " For Mr. Obama , it was an unseemly distraction from what he hoped would be a somber day of remembrance and reconciliation . The first president to visit Mr. Obama Mr. Obama came with a pledge to double American Mr. Obama , to $ 30 million a year over three years , to help Laotians find unexploded bombs in Mr. Obama and fields . The United States dropped more than two million tons of explosives on this country during its secret war from 1964 to 1973 , a Laotians Mr. Obama said too few Americans understood . " As one Laotian said , the ‘ The United States like rain,’’u2009 The United States he said to a polite audience at the Lao National Cultural Hall . There was no evidence that Mr. Duterte ’s tiff with Mr. Obama mattered much to Laotians . Laotian it could matter more to    relations than Mr. Rhodes ’s reassuring words suggest . Mr. Duterte appears determined to carve out Mr. Obama independent foreign policy than his reliably    predecessor , Benigno S. Aquino III . He has talked about trying to settle an Mr. Duterte China over the Scarborough Shoal , a disputed clump of rocks in Mr. Duterte South China Sea . The United States worries that Mr. Duterte will use its influence to pressure its neighbors into agreements over disputed reefs and shoals throughout the South China Sea that could eventually hinder the freedom of navigation for American ships China Mr. Rhodes China the United States China give the Philippines leeway to negotiate an agreement with the South China Sea important caveat that it adhere to international law . That is a message Mr. Obama would likely have The United States in person . " The United States prepare for a wild ride since the constantly changing outbursts of President Duterte undermine China stability of the government ’s foreign policy , including U. S.   relations , " Ramon Casiple , head of the Institute for Political and Electoral Reform in Manila . The diatribe against Mr. Mr. Duterte he said , was " kneejerk as an outburst , but calculated to produce a certain breathing space for negotiations with China . " Mr. Obama had his own awkwardness with the Chinese when he arrived at a Group Mr. Obama 20 summit meeting Saturday . A    dispute over who would drive the staircase to the doorway on Air Force One forced him Mr. Obama from a Mr. Obama in the plane ’s belly . Mr. Obama House officials attributed the dispute to inexperienced , overzealous security officials rather than any premeditated effort to humiliate Mr. Obama . But the images of Chinese guards Mr. Obama at reporters and hassling the president ’s national security adviser , Susan E. Rice , A   dispute over who would drive the staircase to the doorway on Air Force One the sense that the Chinese were sticking a thumb in his eye . As with the Philippine affair , administration officials said the airport scene would have no spillover effect . Mr. Obama himself described the visit as " extraordinarily productive , " noting that he and President Xi Jinping had Mr. Obama himself their landmark collaboration on climate change . " None of this detracts from the broader scope of the relationship , " he said . And yet , administration officials showed delight in the fact Mr. Obama himself when Mr. Obama left Hangzhou on he and President evening , the Chinese moved a shiny staircase with blue lighting to the side of Air Force One . 
 Mr. Obama himself Mr. Obama himself 