It was , in Gary Johnson ’s own words , another " Aleppo moment . " During a town    interview on MSNBC on Wednesday night , Mr. Johnson , the Libertarian candidate for president , was asked by the host Chris Matthews to name his favorite foreign leader . Gary Johnson , appearing flustered , was at a loss to come up with a name . He Gary Johnson at a former president of Mexico , Vicente Fox , who has been critical of Donald J. Trump , but was unable to remember his Gary Johnson without help   —    or the name of any sitting leader of a foreign country . " I guess I ’m having an Aleppo moment , " he Gary Johnson . Mr. Gary Johnson referring to a remarkably similar episode earlier this month when , during another interview on MSNBC , he was Gary Johnson how he would Gary Johnson with the continuing situation in Aleppo , the ravaged Syrian city at the center of that country a foreign country crisis . " What is Aleppo ? " Aleppo Johnson Gary Johnson the time . Mr. Matthews , who Mr. Matthews to give Mr. Johnson more Gary Johnson the candidate repeated the initial question , looking slightly panicked . " Any one of the continents , any country , name one foreign leader that you respect and look up to , anybody , " Mr. Matthews said . Mr. Johnson exhaled loudly Gary Johnson Mine was Shimon Peres , " Mr. Weld interjected . Mr. Matthews clarified that he was looking for someone who was still alive . He then named various countries and continents   —    Canada , Mexico , Europe , Asia   — Mr. Matthews an apparent attempt Mr. Matthews jog Mr. Johnson ’s memory . Mr. Johnson then Mr. Matthews the " Aleppo moment " comment , indicating that he was having trouble coming up with Mr. Fox ’s name . " But I ’m giving you the whole world Mr. Johnson’s Mr. Matthews shouted , interrupting him . Mr. Weld eventually supplied Mr. Mr. Matthews , apparently having given up on the presidential candidate , asked the eager Mr. Weld to name his own favorite foreign leader , Mr. Johnson’s conclude a painful Mr. Matthews that felt significantly longer than the 50 seconds or so that it lasted . Mr. Mr. Matthews for half a second . " Um , Merkel ? " he said , referring to the German the eager Mr. Weld , Angela Merkel . " Ca n’t argue with that , " Mr. Matthews said , as the crowd applauded . 
 Mr. Weld Mr. Weld Mr. Weld 