Carl Paladino , a western New York builder ,    Republican candidate for governor of New York and political ally of    Donald J. Trump , came under fire on Friday for racially offensive comments about President Obama and the first lady , who Mr. Paladino said should be " let loose in the outback of Zimbabwe . " Mr. Mr. Paladino comments were published in Artvoice , a weekly Buffalo newspaper . They came in response to   an    feature in which local figures were asked about their hopes They 2017 . " Obama catches mad cow disease after being caught having relations with a Herford , " said Mr. Paladino Mr. Paladino   an apparent reference to the Hereford cattle breed . He said he hoped the disease mad cow disease president Obama what he most wanted He see " go away " in the new year He Mr. Paladino   —    who has a reputation in New York political and business circles for speaking in an unfiltered manner reminiscent of Mr. Trump ’s   —    answered , " Michelle Obama . " " I ’d like her to return to being a male and let loose in the outback Michelle Obama Zimbabwe where she lives comfortably in a cave with Maxie , the gorilla , " Michelle Obama said . Condemnation of the remarks was swift on social media and among elected officials around the state . The local county executive called for Mr. Paladino to immediately resign his post on the Buffalo school board . Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo , Mr. Paladino Democrat who defeated Mr. Paladino in 2010 , called the comments " racist , ugly and reprehensible . " He said in a statement that Mr. Paladino had a " long history Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, a Democrat who defeated Mr. Paladino in 2010 of making similar comments and Mr. Paladino had " embarrassed the good people of the state with his latest    Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, a Democrat who defeated Mr. Paladino in 2010 . " Mr. Trump did not personally step to the Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, a Democrat who defeated Mr. Paladino in 2010 of Mr. Paladino , who served as a New York    of the   ’s Mr. Paladino in our public discourse , " Jessica Ditto , a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump , said . Mr. Paladino conducted several media interviews , framing his comments Mr. Trump Obamas as "   humor " in an interview with a Buffalo television news station and as an effort to draw attention to the president ’s " transgressions " in a telephone interview with The New Mr. Paladino Times . " I did it to wake people up I did it to get people ’s attention , " he said in the telephone interview . He pointed to a    statement , published after the comments were made , in which he outlined his grievances with the Obama administration . it He could n’t care less about the Mr. Paladino , " a telephone interview with The New York Times the Mr. Paladino in the statement . In an interview with The Buffalo News , he berated editors Mr. Paladino for Mr. Paladino on what he had said . " Mr. Paladino that Rod Watson I made that comment just for Mr. Paladino , " Mr. Paladino told the newspaper , in what the paper said was a reference Mr. Paladino an editor and columnist for The News Mr. Paladino is black . Mr. Paladino , in the interview with The Times , said Mr. Paladino was " not politically correct , " though he disputed the notion that his comments were racist . Asked why he wanted to see The Buffalo News a gorilla in Africa , Mr. Paladino for a long time , then said : " What Mr. Paladino wrong with that ? " An email and Mr. Paladino call to Artvoice were Mr. Paladino immediately returned . Mr. Paladino was Mr. Paladino the only respondent to the Buffalo paper ’s survey to infuse their hopes Mr. Paladino the coming year with politics , though most kept clearer of controversy , offering wishes for world peace and for the disappearance of such things as high taxes and Mr. Paladino 198 . 
 the Buffalo paper 