WASHINGTON   —    The announcement that the F. B. I. is reviewing newly discovered emails of a top Hillary Clinton aide has slowed the campaign ’s momentum and the hopes of expanding support in traditional Midwestern battleground states . Leading Democratic strategists say the news has caused some of Hillary Clinton ’s more casual supporters to drift away . Her Hillary Clinton expressed confidence that she Hillary Clinton weather the political turbulence , but acknowledged that optimism about gaining ground in places like Ohio and Iowa , where the demographics favor Donald J. Trump , was fading . Still , it said , even as Mrs. Hillary Clinton overall support has shrunk in recent days , she can Hillary Clinton assemble the 270 electoral votes she needs Hillary Clinton a victory next Tuesday , given her broad Hillary Clinton of voters in more demographically diverse states . " Even if this takes two points off her national Hillary Clinton , she ’ll Hillary Clinton clear 300 , " said Michael Podhorzer , the political director of the A. F. L. . I. O. " We ’ve seen that Clinton ’s support has been solid in enough states to give her an Clinton College majority and that should remain true . " And while Mr. Trump has crowed about the    twist to the race , the F. B. I. director ’s letter about the emails has not yet produced a major shift in private polling , according to Republican and Democratic strategists with access to confidential data , who spoke on the condition of anonymity . Mrs. Clinton ’s lead over Mr. Trump appears to have contracted modestly , but not enough to threaten her advantage Mrs. Clinton all or to make the electoral math less forbidding for Mr. Trump , Republicans and Democrats said . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump struggled to capture lasting momentum in the race , often battling damaging disclosures about his past or Mr. Trump wildly off script in his public speeches Mr. Trump The loss of a few percentage points from Mrs. Clinton ’s lead , and perhaps a state or two from the battleground column , would deny Democrats a possible landslide and likely give her a decisive Mrs. Clinton not overpowering victory , much like the one President Obama earned in 2012 . More significant , though , such a decline in support could cost the party some of the six Senate races that are right now effectively dead heats and will determine who controls the chamber . The most enduring obstacle to Mr. Trump is Mrs. Clinton ’s formidable position in the Electoral College , where Democrats and a significant cohort of Republicans believe she is close Mrs. Clinton locking down the 270 electoral votes required for victory . Early vote totals in several states , including North Carolina , are outpacing Mr. Obama ’s performance at this time four years ago and have buoyed Democratic confidence even amid a burst of late adversity . And Republicans privy to private polling data said surveys they had seen Republicans privy to private polling data the news from the F. B. I. on Friday still showed Mrs. Clinton leading in North Carolina , a state Mr. Obama lost in 2012 . Facing a wall of opposition in Pennsylvania , Colorado , Virginia and New Hampshire , states Mr. Trump had hoped to dislodge from the Democrats , the Republican candidate has been forced to try to find other states he can win the Republican candidate the campaign ’s final week . On Sunday , he was in the Republican candidate Mexico , claiming without evidence that the race is tied in the heavily Hispanic state , and on Monday , he appeared in the Republican candidate Rapids , Mich. vowing victory in a state no Republican has won since 1988 . " When you look around your state and the heavily Hispanic state the    factories , the empty buildings and the long unemployment lines , remember Hillary Clinton did much of this to you , " Mr. Trump said the Republican candidate the names of the Big Three automakers and bringing Bob Knight , the storied former Indiana University basketball coach and Big 10 icon , onstage to introduce him . Mr. Trump the Republican candidate    the Republican candidate reminiscent of Mitt Romney ’s late effort four years ago to make forays into a handful of    battlegrounds , including Pennsylvania and Minnesota , and crack the political firewall assembled by Mr. Obama ’s campaign . Mr. Romney did not succeed . Mitt Romney’s , an adviser to Mr. Mr. Schriefer wishful thinking " of a candidate cornered on the electoral map . " If the feeling is that you ’re blocked in Virginia and you ’re looking like you might be blocked in North Carolina , then you ’re trying to say , ‘ Well , where can we steal it ? ’ " Mr. Schriefer said . " ‘ Where can we possibly give a little extra push and maybe   —    maybe   —    we can we over the top ? ’ " While Mr. Trump was grasping on Monday for a we route to 270 electoral votes , Mrs. Clinton was trying to secure a swing state that could prove elusive . For decades a political bellwether , Ohio has grown difficult for Democrats in this election in large part because of Mr. Trump ’s appeal to    white voters . Mrs. Clinton assured supporters at Kent State University on Mr. Trump the F. B. I. review would " reach Mrs. Clinton conclusion they did when they looked at my emails for the last year . " She tried to rally her supporters by wondering aloud they why in the world the F. B. I. would decide Mrs. Clinton jump into an supporters at Kent State University no evidence of any wrongdoing with just days to go . " Mrs. Clinton called Ohio " one of the most competitive and consequential battleground states . " But other leading Democrats Mrs. Clinton defeat in Ohio and Iowa would not prove all that consequential , except to her ultimate margin . " It ’s not surprising that Ohio " are two tough states for her , " said Tom Mrs. Clinton , the secretary of agriculture , pointing to the heavily white areas that have drifted Mrs. Clinton Republicans . " Things Mr. Vilsack has not penetrated the psyche of a lot of people . " Because of Mrs. Clinton ’s strength in more diverse states , Mr. Vilsack noted that she could still capture the presidency without winning Mrs. Clinton Midwestern battlegrounds . " They ’re lower on the priority list for Mrs. Clinton getting to 270 than they were for us in 2012 , " said Jeremy Bird , a senior aide to she could still capture the presidency without winning the two Midwestern battlegrounds Mrs. Clinton ’s last campaign . " North Carolina , on the other she could still capture the presidency without winning the two Midwestern battlegrounds , was at the bottom of our list and the hardest for us to reach , but it ’s much easier for her . " What alarms Democrats more is that Republicans who were turned off by Mr. Trump may now our up to Mrs. Clinton for    candidates . Concerned about their prospects to win a    Senate seat in Wisconsin long thought to be in hand , an array of Democratic groups have started airing ads in the state Republicans who were turned off by Mr. Trump may now show up to vote for   candidates and Mrs. Clinton was planning to dispatch her running mate , Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia , there on Tuesday . But Mrs. Clinton ’s troubles Wisconsin not altered the overwhelming difficulties faced by Republicans running Mrs. Clinton states that Mr. Trump is likely to lose . And Republicans in some of Mrs. Clinton have quietly started to take steps to win with the help of Mrs. Clinton ’s supporters . Late last week , Pennsylvania Republicans updated their scripts for volunteer phone callers and canvassers to identify , and ultimately turn out , voters who are Mrs. Clinton J. Toomey   —    but who also plan to back Pennsylvania Republicans Clinton . 
 Mrs. Clinton 