WASHINGTON   —    Hillary Clinton on Friday sought to explain Hillary Clinton recent mischaracterization of the F. B. I. investigation into Hillary Clinton private email server , saying Hillary Clinton " may have   " in Hillary Clinton remarks during a television interview on Sunday when Hillary Clinton asserted that the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , had called Hillary Clinton statements about Hillary Clinton private email servers " truthful . " Hillary Clinton made the her remarks during a television interview on Sunday taking her Hillary Clinton extensive questions from journalists in months   —    after going more than 200 days without holding a formal news conference . She Hillary Clinton been under fire from Republicans and others since her Hillary Clinton Sunday on Fox News about her Hillary Clinton of a private email server as secretary of state and the resulting F. B. I. investigation . While Mr. Comey did not recommend charges in the case , he said Mr. Comey Hillary Clinton been " extremely careless " in her use Hillary Clinton a private email server and contradicted statements she made Hillary Clinton her handling Hillary Clinton her email Hillary Clinton In her remarks Hillary Clinton before the National Association of Black Journalists and the National Association of Hispanic Journalists , Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton explain the discrepancy with what Mr. Comey actually said . " I was pointing out in both of those instances that Director Comey had said Mr. Comey answers in my F. B. I. interview were truthful , " she said . Hillary Clinton That ’s really the bottom line here . " Mrs. Clinton reiterated Hillary Clinton that the Hillary Clinton emails the F. B. I. had identified as having passed over her private server were Hillary Clinton marked classified at the time . The explanation did not appease Republicans her explanation that the classified emails the F. B. I. had identified as having passed over her private server were not marked classified at the time It ’s not hard to see why her explanation that the classified emails the F. B. I. had identified as having passed over her private server were not marked classified at the time has n’t held Hillary Clinton press conference in 244 days , " said the Republican National Committee chairman , Reince Priebus . " Hillary Clinton is once again proving herself incapable of telling the truth . Hillary Clinton During her remarks , Mrs. Clinton said she Hillary Clinton " seriously Hillary Clinton problems she Hillary Clinton had winning voters’ trust . Questioned Hillary Clinton why a majority of voters do not trust her , Mrs. Clinton referred to her high Hillary Clinton ratings Hillary Clinton was secretary of Hillary Clinton and a senator from Hillary Clinton York . " Were 67 percent of the people in New York wrong ? Were 66 percent of the New York wrong ? " she asked . " Just maybe , when I Hillary Clinton actually running for a job , there is a real benefit to those on the other side with trying to stir up as much trouble as possible . " And she explained that the economic frustration driving many of Hillary Clinton J. Trump ’s supporters should be taken seriously . When asked about what Mr. Trump ’s millions of supporters , who are often Donald J. Trump’s language she and others have called racist and sexist , Hillary Clinton about the electorate , Mrs. Clinton said that while some people were backing Hillary Clinton because of his " bigotry , " she acknowledged that many were motivated by the businessman hardships . Hillary Clinton We have to recognize that of course some of the appeal is some people were backing the businessman because of his "bigotry," she acknowledged that many were motivated by economic hardships and racist and misogynistic and offensive , " she said . " We have to acknowledge that   Hillary Clinton    but let ’s not lose sight of the real pain that many of Americans We feeling because the economy has left them behind . " Mrs. Clinton also criticized Mr. Trump on Friday as someone Hillary Clinton be a dangerous president and stressed that if elected , she would work on issues related to systemic racism and the Hillary Clinton that often hit black and Hispanic communities the hardest . " He is harkening back to the most shameful chapters of our history and Mr. Trump to the ugliest impulses of our society , " she said . " We need to stand up as a Hillary Clinton and say that Donald Trump does n’t represent who we are and what we believe . " Mrs. Clinton also vowed to We hard to pass We comprehensive Hillary Clinton bill with a path toward citizenship for those in the country illegally , and said she would prioritize the issue during her first a country in office Hillary Clinton Mrs. Clinton joins a long Hillary Clinton of political leaders who have spoken Hillary Clinton groups’ conventions , which often focus on increasing diversity in newsrooms . President Obama , former President Bill Clinton , former president George W. Bush , Bob Dole and former Vice Mrs. Clinton declined , according to the organizers President Obama, former President Bill Clinton, former president George W. Bush, Bob Dole and former Vice President Al Gore taking questions , Mrs. Clinton delivered a    address focused mostly on how her plans to improve the economy would especially benefit blacks and Latinos . Mr. Trump Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the bus , " she said . the address over the address was the image of Mrs. Clinton addressing a room full of journalists . Although she occasionally Mrs. Clinton informal sessions with the news media on campaign stops , Clinton aides have spent months explaining Rosa Parks she has n’t held an Mrs. Clinton conference , as most candidates , particularly Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton do regularly . " We ’ll have a press conference when we Mrs. Clinton to have a press conference , Mrs. Clinton Joel Benenson , the campaign ’s chief strategist and pollster , told ABC News last month . She even had some words of encouragement for the Fourth Estate : " We need you to keep holding leaders and candidates We , " Mrs. Clinton told the hundreds of journalists attending the    conference Mrs. Clinton of the National Association of Black Journalists and the National Association of Hispanic Journalists . Near the end of the event , Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton her    girlfriends , whom she rarely mentions in public . Asked what the most meaningful conversation she has a press conference of them , she said she was " blessed to have Mrs. Clinton of great friends Mrs. Clinton " These include some Mrs. Clinton her most senior aides , including Cheryl D. Mills , Maggie Mrs. Clinton and Minyon Moore . " I ca Mrs. Clinton compress Mrs. Clinton into one conversation , " Mrs. Clinton said . her   girlfriends, whom she rarely mentions in public They ’ve supported me . They Mrs. Clinton chastised me . They ’ve raised issues with me . " 
 Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton They They 