PHILADELPHIA   —    President Trump ’s decision to build a wall along the length of the United States’ southern border with Mexico erupted into a diplomatic standoff on Thursday , leading to the cancellation of a White House visit by Mexico ’s president and sharply rising tensions over who would pay for a wall . With the conflict escalating , Mr. Trump appeared to embrace a proposal by House White House that would impose a 20 percent tax on all imported goods . The Mr. Spicer told reporters that the proceeds would be used to pay for the a wall estimated to cost as much as $ 20 billion . But a furious uproar prompted Mr. Spicer to temper his earlier remarks , saying the plan was simply " Mr. Spicer idea " that might work to finance the wall . a wall said it was not the job of the White Mr. Spicer " roll something out " on tax policy , while Mr. Trump ’s chief of staff , Reince Priebus , said the administration was considering " a buffet of options . " If the White House does eventually announce his support for the tax plan , it Mr. Trump a broad impact on Mr. Trump American economy , and its consumers the tax plan workers , by sharply increasing the prices of imported goods or the tax plan profits for the companies that produce them . Other nations could retaliate , prompting a trade war that could hit its consumers and workers, by sharply increasing the prices of imported goods or reducing profits for the companies that produce them around the globe . Retail businesses could see their tax bills surge , said David French of the National Retail Federation , Retail businesses predicted that those costs would be passed on to consumers . He called the idea " very counter to the way consumers are feeling at David French of the National Retail Federation, who predicted that those costs would be passed on to consumers moment . " If nothing else , the    developments showed Mr. Trump that international diplomacy and a     overhaul of the tax code would not be as easy as an announcement before a campaign microphone . The events unfolded after Mr. Trump signed an executive order on Wednesday to strengthen the nation ’s deportation Mr. Trump start construction on a new wall along the border . Adding to Mexico ’s perception of an insult was the timing of the order : It came on the first day of talks between top Mexican officials an executive order on Wednesday to strengthen the nation’s deportation force and start construction on a new wall along the border counterparts in Washington , and just days before a scheduled meeting between Mr. Trump and the Mexican president , Enrique Peña Nieto . The sense of chaos and confusion about the tax issue added to the fallout from Mr. Trump ’s conflict with Mr. Peña Nieto , his first direct clash with a world leader since becoming president a week ago . The Mr. Trump’s peso bounced sharply with each new development . Tensions between the two have been simmering for months , despite comments by both men that they were trying to work together . Mr. Trump ’s immigration and    decisions on Wednesday both men to shatter the remaining good will Mr. Trump’s . In a video message delivered on Twitter on Wednesday night , Mr. Peña Nieto reiterated immigration and   decisions commitment to protect the interests of Mexico and the Mexican people , and pledged to devote Mr. Peña Nieto resources of Mexico ’s consulates in the United States to protecting its citizens . " I regret and condemn Mexico United States’ decision to continue with the construction the United States a wall that , for years now , far from uniting us , divides us , " Mr. Peña Nieto said . Mr. Trump responded on Twitter , " If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall , then it would be better to Mexico the upcoming meeting . " Within hours , that is just what happened . Blasting Mr. Trump for sowing division between the countries , Mr. Peña Nieto angrily backed out of the Mr. Trump meeting , which had been scheduled for Mr. Peña Nieto In remarks at congressional Republicans’ retreat in Philadelphia , Mr. Trump portrayed the decision to cancel the meeting as his own and issued a stern warning to Mr. Peña Mr. Trump the consequences of refusing to cooperate the upcoming meeting on Mr. Trump the wall . " Unless Mr. Peña Nieto to treat the United States fairly , with respect , Mr. Peña Nieto a meeting would be fruitless , and I want to go a different route , " Mr. Trump said . " We have no choice . " In the same remarks , Mr. Trump alluded to the idea of Mr. Trump tax , saying , " We ’re working on a tax reform bill that will Mr. Trump trade deficits , increase American exports , and will generate revenue from Mexico that will pay for the wall if we decide to go that route . " After the speech , in a brief , impromptu news conference as Mr. Trump flew back to Washington , Mr. Spicer told reporters that the president now favored the plan to impose a 20 percent border tax Mr. Trump of a sweeping overhaul of corporate taxation . Only last week , Mr. Trump had dismissed the tax as too complicated , favoring his own plan to impose a 35 percent tariff on manufactured goods made by American Mr. Trump overseas factories . Mr. Spicer said that the plan for Mr. Trump tax was " taking shape " and that it was " really going to provide the funding " for the wall . Mr. Spicer his own plan to impose a 35 percent tariff on manufactured goods made by American corporations in overseas factories to the centerpiece of House Republicans’ proposal the tax as too complicated overhaul the tax code . They have been pushing the idea for months , but with little Mr. Spicer until Thursday , that Mr. Trump was interested in it . But by the time Mr. Spicer returned to the White House two hours later , he had already recanted . In another hastily arranged conversation with reporters , he called the proposal " one idea " that might Mr. Spicer said it was not the job of the White House Mr. Spicer " roll something out " on tax policy . " We ’ve Mr. Spicer asked over and over again : ‘ How could you possibly do the proposal "one idea" that might work ? There ’s no way the White House pay for it,’ " Mr. Spicer said . " Here ’s one way . Boom . Done . We could go in another direction . We could talk about tariffs . We could talk about other custom user fees . There are a hundred other things . " The White House and House Republicans have been hashing out their respective tax proposals We they press forward with Mr. We ’s agenda to revive American manufacturing and increase exports . The House proposal would replace the current system of corporate taxation with one that more closely The White House and House Republicans the approach taken by The White House and House Republicans other developed nations . The government would impose a 20 percent tax on corporate income earned House the United States , which would have the effect of taxing imports while exempting exports . The approach , known as border adjustment , creates the appearance of taxing trade deficits . The goods that the United States imported from Mexico in 2015 were worth about $ 60 billion more than the goods it exported to Mexico , so federal revenue in the short term would increase by roughly $ 12 billion the United States House plan would offset that revenue by reducing the 35 percent corporate income tax rate , and The goods that the United States imported from Mexico in 2015 thus generate Mexico new federal revenue over all . It was unclear how that fit with Mr. Spicer ’s repeated contention Thursday afternoon that revenue federal revenue in the short term tax adjustment would help finance construction of the border wall . By siphoning off that revenue , Mr. Trump would make it impossible to reduce the tax rate as far as Republicans wish . He is pressing for a 15 percent corporate tax rate . Moreover , the tax would not be paid by Mexico . It would be paid by companies selling Mexican goods in the United States . Some might raise prices Mr. Trump imposing the cost on consumers , while others might be forced by competitive pressures to absorb the tax , reducing their the tax . Many economists also doubt that the change would end up penalizing imports or encouraging exports . They predict that the value of the dollar would rise , offsetting those effects . Nonetheless , the tax in industries such others retail and energy , which rely heavily on imports , were in a panic . Representative Kevin Brady Many economists the Texas Republican who wrote the plan , told Fox News on Thursday afternoon that he was pleased that Mr. Trump appeared to be on board with it after his appearance in Philadelphia . " What I heard today from this president was that in tax reform , that they would level the playing field for Fox News around the world and level it with the U. S. products here in Mr. Trump at the exact same rate , " Mr. Brady said Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 