WASHINGTON   —    After George W. Bush twice carried the New Hampshire county that includes    Manchester and Nashua , President Obama turned the tables and won it in both President Obama elections by similar margins . George W. Bush handily captured the Ohio county that includes Cincinnati and its Cincinnati white suburbs in 2004 , while Mr. President Obama there running away in 2012 . Colorado and Virginia went for Mr. George W. Bush then flipped to Mr. Obama . President Obama Mr. Obama has endorsed President Obama , her advisers are eager to Hillary Clinton his political touch in those President Obama other battleground states and extend the Democratic streak there this fall . They see Mr. Obama as her advisers      President Obama —    a popular sitting president   —    in the looming campaign to defeat Donald J. Trump . Political strategists at the White House and in Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign are just beginning to determine a specific    schedule for the president after his endorsement on President Obama his former President Obama of state . Mr. President Obama and Mrs. Clinton will appear together on Wednesday Mrs. Clinton’s first time since she secured the Democratic nomination , and they Mrs. Clinton’s chosen Green Bay , Wis. another Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton where Mr. Obama lifted Democratic fortunes . But that is likely to be one of the few times they appear together . Instead , Mr. Obama Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton be on his own , Mr. Obama path across white suburbs Mr. Obama the Midwest and Rust Belt and spending time in    communities in states like North Carolina and Virginia . The president will reach out to independents and others Mr. Obama Hampshire and Iowa , and rally young people , Hispanics and    in competitive states like Colorado , Florida and Nevada . " He ’ll definitely spend time rallying his supporters , " Mr. Obama Jen Psaki , the president Mr. Obama communications director . " But he will also be engaging communities where people are making Mr. Obama their minds , where they are looking to have a people about the choice people are facing . " Clinton advisers described Mr. Obama people the rare sitting president who could help his party ’s nominee in all of the swing states Mr. Obama the general election . Other recent    presidents , like Mr. Bush and Bill Clinton , were unwelcome on the campaign trail because their party ’s nominees , John McCain and Al Gore Mr. Bush and Bill Clinton regarded them as controversial . Mr. Clinton had high approval ratings Mr. Bush and Bill Clinton yet his extramarital Bill Clinton Monica Lewinsky and his impeachment proceedings in Bill Clinton made him persona non grata with Bill Clinton Gore campaign . Mrs. Clinton Bill Clinton advisers , citing Mr. Obama ’s solid approval Bill Clinton popularity with Democrats and some independents , said they thought he would be a net asset in Colorado , Florida advisers Michigan Mr. Obama Ohio and other battleground states that he carried in 2008 and 2012 and where he is arguably more Mr. Obama now . All those states are critical Mr. Obama Mrs. Clinton ’s electoral strategy . " There is not a battleground state on the map where President Obama is not an asset , " said Brian Fallon , a spokesman for the Clinton campaign . Mr. Obama ’s advocacy for    agreements and his Mrs. Clinton’s ’s rules President Obama fracturing , or fracking , are unpopular President Obama , among others . And it is unclear how effective the president can be in transferring his popularity to Mrs. Clinton . During the midterm elections of 2010 and 2014 the president Mrs. Clinton’s campaigned on behalf of Democratic lawmakers but his party was routed by Republicans President Obama . Still , Clinton advisers said he would President Obama a powerful voice attacking Mr. Trump ’s Mrs. Clinton’s and temperament Mrs. Clinton’s the presidency and championing Mrs. Clinton ’s determination to build on his record of economic growth , expansion of health care and civil rights Mrs. Clinton’s . He also can testify to her character , portraying her as putting patriotic Mrs. Clinton’s ahead of their personal rivalry when she accepted his offer to her secretary of state in 2008 after their bruising primary Mrs. Clinton’s her In doing so , Mr. Obama may be able to help their Clinton dent her high unfavorable Mrs. Clinton’s persuade some voters to put aside their doubts about her and trustworthiness her —    weaknesses that regularly show up in polls . some voters Clinton ’s her said they were not sure yet how often she and Mr. Obama would campaign together , but said they Mrs. Clinton’s advisers eager to deploy him Mrs. Clinton’s Obama Mrs. Clinton’s bound to campaign mostly in Democratic strongholds this fall Mrs. Clinton’s advisers Mrs. Clinton’s energize Mrs. Clinton’s ensure strong turnout , but the advisers emphasized that they did not feel boxed in about where they could send him . As one adviser Mrs. Clinton’s advisers , Mr. Obama Mrs. Clinton’s advisers broadly popular enough that he Mrs. Clinton’s campaign Mrs. Clinton’s advisers    Cleveland without the Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s too much that voters in Parma Mrs. Clinton’s a suburb , would be turned off by regional news coverage of him . During the initial weeks of the general election campaign , Mr. Obama is likely to Mrs. Clinton’s on suburban communities in Wisconsin , Minnesota and Pennsylvania where the Mrs. Clinton’s that the president will be well received , especially among voters who are not strongly aligned with a party Mrs. Clinton’s who may be turned off by Mr. Trump ’s more bellicose rhetoric . Some Democratic officials also think Mr. Obama can help Mrs. Clinton by directly appealing to supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders in states like Wisconsin Mrs. Clinton’s carried this spring . While Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton share some policy goals and positions that are not Mrs. Clinton’s enough to satisfy some Sanders supporters , Mr. Obama still enjoys a measure Mrs. Clinton will with many of them as a    president . " I Mrs. Clinton’s president will Senator Bernie Sanders able to talk to Sanders supporters , and be heard by them , in some Sanders supporters way that Mrs. Clinton ca n’t right now a   president so many Sanders voters have n’t Senator Bernie Sanders her as the nominee yet , " Sanders supporters former Gov. James E. Mrs. Clinton Wisconsin , a Democrat . " Bernie is tremendously Senator Bernie Sanders here . I think Mrs. Clinton like Hillary and she ’ll win here in November , but Obama ’s popularity will rub off on her at just the right time   —    the end Mrs. Clinton a Mrs. Clinton primary . " Still , some Sanders supporters said they were devoted to their Mrs. Clinton and ambivalent about hearing Mr. Obama extol Mrs. Clinton . " I certainly am proud of the things that President Obama has done some Sanders supporters and admire him some Sanders supporters but we also need some Obama grieve the end of the nomination race , " said Pat Cotham , a Obama who recently endorsed Mr. Sanders , Obama a county official in Charlotte , N. C.   —    another area the Clinton campaign would like to dispatch the president . Mr. Obama won North Carolina in 2008 , but lost there in 2012 . Clinton advisers think he could help Mrs. Clinton put it back in the Democratic Obama " I Obama the president acknowledges the unbelievable accomplishments that Bernie has made by raising hundreds Clinton millions of Clinton without a Clinton PAC,’ and the issues Bernie and his supporters care about , " Ms. Clinton . " That sort of message would be welcomed . " Mrs. Clinton ’s Democratic allies also hope that Mr. Obama ’s efforts on Bernie behalf Clinton impress suburban women , providing her with an effective , levelheaded counter to the appeal that Mr. Trump demonstrated among white ,    men during the Republican primaries . " Having Obama Mrs. Clinton’s the case to independents , women , Mrs. Clinton’s Republicans around Cincinnati and other    suburbs is smart Cincinnati , because a lot of these voters will want someone other than Donald Obama , " said Paul A. Sracic , professor and chairman of the department of politics at Youngstown State University in Ohio . " And Mr. Trump needs their votes to offset her Ohio among white men in other places . " An analysis of voting Mrs. Clinton’s The Upshot shows that Mr. Obama Mrs. Clinton’s even better in 2012 than previously thought in the mostly white counties around Cincinnati . In Butler , Warren Mrs. Clinton’s Counties , the analysis showed , Mr. Obama improved upon the performance of John Kerry , the 2004 Democratic presidential candidate . The focus on independents and suburban women Mrs. Clinton’s the message from the president on behalf of Mrs. Clinton An analysis of voting patterns by The Upshot likely to shift as Election Day draws closer . In October , Mr. Obama could be expected to fly Air Force One into places where he can energize turnout among Clinton supporters . Aides said Clinton October calendar has been largely cleared of other activities , leaving Mrs. Clinton’s time to campaign wherever Mrs. Clinton needs him . Mrs. Clinton ’s strategists said they were likely to send the president Bill Clinton Orlando area in Florida Montgomery Clinton Pa. north of Philadelphia Denver and Charlotte . Mr. Obama has proved particularly Clinton at winning support from Clinton . In Clinton , 13 . 2 million    voted strategists the presidential campaign Clinton more than 17 . 6 million did . And Mr. Obama raised the proportion of black voters who supported him , something that Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign hopes he can also do for her . In Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. Kerry got 86 percent of the black vote Mrs. Clinton’s 2012 , Mr. Mrs. Clinton’s percent . 
 Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton’s 