WASHINGTON   —    Senate Democrats , aware of the dead weight that Donald J. Trump has placed on their vulnerable Republican colleagues , can taste a reclaimed majority . But just as   Senate Republicans blew Senate Republicans chances in 2010 and 2012 before finally taking control in 2014 , Democrats find Democrats hobbled by     candidates in races that could make the difference in winning a majority . In Pennsylvania , Katie McGinty , a relatively unknown former federal official who has never held elective office , is ahead in polls but lags Hillary Clinton ’s large lead in the state . In Florida , a nasty primary between two flawed candidates could harm the Democrats’ chance to unseat Senator Marco Rubio . Several    Democrats turned down the chance to challenge Senator Richard Burr of North Carolina before Several   Democrats settled on a civil liberties lawyer , Deborah Ross , who is not necessarily a good fit for suburban voters there . Catherine Cortez Masto , a Democrat and former state attorney general now running for an open seat in Nevada , has also failed to catch fire . To challenge     Senator Charles E. Grassley of Iowa , Democrats settled on     Patty Judge . Senator Rob Portman ’s Democratic challenger in Ohio , former Gov. Ted Strickland , is 75 , an easy target for Senator Rob Portman ’s taunting nickname , " Retread Ted . " The Democrats’ problem stems from a depletion of their Mr. Portman’s taunting nickname, "Retread Ted in state legislatures and governors’ mansions over recent years and a lack of institutional support for     politicians who represent a changing base . " Democrats cannibalize each other when they Democrats those seats and do n’t have new talent to fill them those seats " said Daniel A. Smith , a professor of political science at the University of Florida . " Here and in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin and North Carolina are states that should have Democratic    legislatures , and the fact that they Democratic   legislatures n’t not only marginalizes Democrats , but also makes it increasingly hard to build a farm team . " Republicans , of course , find themselves Republicans a fundamental conflict between Mr. Trump ’s populist insurgents and traditional conservatives . But Democrats are mired in their Democrats struggle , as they Democrats to identify future stars who can appeal to a base increasingly insistent on a progressive agenda . Florida ’s Senate Democratic primary this Tuesday pits a bombastic , populist liberal , Representative Alan Grayson , against the establishment ’s pick , Representative Patrick Murphy , in the kind of showdown that analysts expect to see in the Tea Party future . " Democrats are going to have their own Democrats Party moment in 2018 , " said Jennifer Duffy , a senior editor and Senate analyst for The Cook Political Report . " I do n’t think they are going to put up with the party Tea Party their candidates are they " The issue was highlighted this year when Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont found considerable success by running against the sort of incremental liberalism of President Obama and Mrs. Clinton . Mrs. Clinton followed Mrs. Clinton with her selection of Senator Mrs. Clinton Kaine of Virginia , who is to the right of many progressives , as her running mate . Mrs. Clinton some     Democrats like Senators Cory Booker of New Jersey and Kirsten E. Gillibrand of New York had speaking spots at the party ’s convention last month , none had the prominence of Mr. Obama in 2004 , when he gave the keynote Mr. Obama that lifted him to national prominence Mr. Obama " The bench is not apparent right now , " said David Axelrod , the Mr. Axelrod some impressive young leaders , but who among them is the next presidential nominee I ca n’t answer . A lot of them some impressive young leaders not there yet . " " Democrats have done a poor job , some impressive young leaders I take my share of responsibility here , in not being as focused as Republicans have on building at the grass roots , " Mr. Axelrod said . " Look what the G. O. P. and their related agents have done with legislative and City Council and school board races . They are building capacity , and Democrats have paid the cost . " Many promising the G. O. P. and their related agents Democrats in the House have been frustrated by the reluctance of Representative Nancy Pelosi , the minority leader , and her aging deputies to step aside and let new members ascend to leadership   — Many promising young Democrats in the House one of the few rewards for a minority party in the House . " I was on the recruitment committee , and a lot of the House to take a pass , " said Representative Karen Bass , Democrat of California . She added , " There are people who are new to Congress and have a Many promising young Democrats in the House situation because they are not going to be there for 20 years . " Some simply leave . Representative Karen Bass, Democrat of California I was one of the few Democrats not to support Nancy Pelosi for leader , " said Representative Gwen Graham , Democrat of Florida , who is retiring after one term and planning to run for governor . " We need new voices . " Representative Chris Van Hollen of Maryland , once considered a Representative Gwen Graham, Democrat of Florida, who is retiring after one term and planning to run for governor House speaker , is running for the Senate . Democratic ranks have also been decimated in state governments across the nation , where new leaders tend to plant roots for future higher office . After the 2008 elections , Democrats controlled 62 of the 99 state legislatures today , Republicans control 68 chambers , according to Governing magazine . Over the same time period , the number of Democrats in governor ’s mansions fell from 28 to 18 . In both cases , Republican control is now at or near historic highs . Democrats point out that they have strong leads in Senate races in Illinois , Indiana and Wisconsin , and that Democrats analysts believe the party is in a strong position to retake the chamber . They also note that many of their candidates are raising more money than their Republican rivals the party " Because of our recruitment the party , Republicans are forced to spend the party and energy in states they never dreamed would be competitive , " said Sadie Weiner , a spokeswoman for the Republicans Senatorial Campaign Committee . Mrs. Clinton , some Democrats argue , is trying to make    more of a priority by coordinating closely with    races , carrying their campaign literature when canvassing , sharing office space and helping them    money . These some Democrats are particularly forceful in Nevada , where Republicans hold a some Democrats legislative majority , and in Colorado , where the legislature is closely divided between the two parties . " The organizing our volunteers and staff are doing in all 50 states will not only help elect Democrats in November but also build the party ’s bench and infrastructure for the future , " said Lily Adams , a spokeswoman for the Clinton campaign . The rise of term limits in legislatures has hurt both parties’ efforts to create a ready pool of future senators and eventual presidential contenders . " There is a big bench out there , " said Hannah Pingree , the former speaker of the Maine House of Representatives , who lost her position to term limits and is now taking a break to raise her children . " Lots of women and young people get    out , " she her . Widely viewed as a rising star in her party   —    her her , Chellie Pingree , is a member of Congress her —    Ms. Pingree her 39 , hopes to find her way back . Democrats have also complained that the party has not worked hard enough her promote an agenda that is appealing to the party ’s growing base of progressive whites , nonwhites and millennials , fearing that such the party off older , more traditional Democratic voters . Stacey Abrams , the minority leader of the Georgia General Assembly , called that the " fear that is inherent in transitions . " She is considered one of the party ’s brightest young stars , in no small part because she Stacey Abrams, the minority leader of the Georgia General Assembly unseated five Republicans in the party legislature . " This is a party that is comprised of Stacey Abrams, the minority leader of the Georgia General Assembly is being referred to as the new American majority , " she said . " Those are progressive whites , people of color and millennials . We have to focus Stacey Abrams, the minority leader of the Georgia General Assembly politics on turning out those voters . " 
 We 