BUFFALO   —    Immigration enforcement agents were supposed to be targeting the restaurant owner . But Antonio Ramos Salazar , a cook , was the one with guns pointed at his head . One morning last month the officers burst through the back door at La Divina , a    Mexican market and taco counter in suburban BUFFALO , capping a    investigation into the labor practices of the restaurant ’s owner , Sergio Mucino . According to the authorities , Mr. Mucino , 42 , a legal permanent resident from Mexico City , along with two associates , had been harboring undocumented workers in homes around BUFFALO , transporting undocumented workers in homes around Buffalo to jobs at his restaurants and paying undocumented workers in homes around Buffalo off the books . Sergio Mucino was arrested at his Sergio Mucino on Oct. 18 . But two dozen of his Sergio Mucino were swept up in simultaneous raids that morning at all four of his his restaurants It amounted to one of the largest immigration workplace sweeps in recent years . In the days after the presidential election , immigrant rights advocates and supporters of immigration restriction alike wondered whether these raids were a preview of the stricter enforcement policies that    Donald J. Trump promised during his campaign   Donald J. Trump The sweeps hark back to the workplace actions of President George W. Bush ’s administration , and deviated significantly from the Department of Homeland Security ’s longstanding enforcement strategy of avoiding roundups of unauthorized workers and instead targeting abusive employers . During the raids , the authorities discovered that nine workers had    the country after having been deported , which is a federal crime . Three more , including Mr. Salazar , were charged with immigration violations   —    which are administrative offenses only   —    and were ordered deported . The remaining nine workers . " The targets of the investigation were the employers , " a homeland security spokesman , Khaalid Walls , said . " After investigating the case , we alleged that many of the employees were either subject to criminal charges or immigration violations , and we charged accordingly . " we Mackler , the legal Ms. Mackler ’s always collateral damage in a criminal investigation , but the workers in this case are victims . the case , Ms. Mackler added , workers and advocates fear that this could be the blueprint for future raids under Mr. Trump   —    " and that would be on the small side . " Mr. Trump pledged that in his first year in office he would deport unauthorized immigrants with criminal records , putting their number at Mr. Trump   , while increasing enforcement Mr. Trump   to deal with an Mr. Trump   population of more than 11 million people in the unauthorized immigrants with criminal records States . " I do n’t see Mr. Trump as the kind of individual who is going to make such a large promise and neglect to keep it , " said Mr. Trump   , a Buffalo native and conservative talk show host on WBEN , who voted for Mr. Trump . " I expect the law Mr. Bauerle cheering the actions by Immigration and Customs Enforcement . " At the same time , " he added , " they are disappointed because apparently these places made awesome tacos . " The authorities said the raids were set in motion more than two years ago , thanks , in part , to a tip from a former employee who Mr. Bauerle fired . According to the workers and their lawyers , Mr. Mucino paid weekly salaries for    days the raids out to be below the minimum hourly wage of $ 9 . Two workers interviewed said salaries started at $ 450 a week for a dishwasher and increased at different positions in the kitchen . The federal complaint stated that each restaurant grossed $ 50 , 000 per week , which was not reported for state or federal taxes . The authorities said Mr. Mucino operated some of the business on the books , endorsing payroll checks to 28 employees . " Building and supporting a business through the intentional use of people not lawfully authorized to work here is a model that H. S. I. will not tolerate , " said Kevin Sibley , the acting special agent in charge of the Homeland Security Investigations office in Buffalo . He added that such practices undermine competition and " often come at the peril of the workers . " But the United States attorney ’s office for the Western District of New York did not charge Mr. Mucino or his associates with human trafficking , Kevin Sibley, the acting special agent in charge of the Homeland Security Investigations office in Buffalo have tax evasion or labor violation charges been filed . Nicole Hallett , a University at Buffalo law professor the Homeland Security Investigations office in Buffalo ’s actions counterintuitive . " If Kevin Sibley, the acting special agent in charge of the Homeland Security Investigations office in Buffalo are concerned about the exploitation of workers , you should not be prosecuting or deporting worker victims , because that discourages workers from coming forward in situations where they are being exploited , " Professor Hallett said . In interviews , four workers three workers they were not mistreated at the restaurants . They noted that the pay was better than that at agricultural or factory jobs they held previously . Mr. Salazar , the head cook at La Divina , is now wearing an electronic workers monitor as he awaits deportation proceedings , though he is charged only with a civil four workers . " If this is just from four workers here to work , " Mr. Salazar said , speaking in Spanish through four workers interpreter , " what would happen if I actually committed a crime ? " He said he had earned a law Mr. Salazar, the head cook at La Divina in Mexico , but was Mr. Salazar, the head cook at La Divina to find work there to support his family of three . Sergio Roblero , 19 , said he had paid a recruiter in Mexico $ 4 , 480 for a guest worker ’s visa and travel expenses to pick blueberries in Georgia . Mr. Salazar was Mr. Salazar he would be making $ 10 . 59 an hour he made only $ 3 , he Mr. Salazar . Mr. Roblero was unable to leave the farm unless Mr. Salazar paid $ 1 , 000 Mexico get his passport back . To recoup his losses , he moved four months ago to Buffalo , where Mr. Salazar friend from Mr. Salazar was working for Mr. Mucino ’s restaurants . " Mr. Salazar ’m afraid that other people Mr. Salazar going to go through what I did , " Mr. Roblero Mr. Roblero . " I know that the economy Mr. Roblero Mexico is always going to Mr. Roblero bad and Mr. Roblero are always going to come to this country . " According to statistics from 2014 released this month by the Pew Research Center , nearly eight million undocumented people in the United States were part of the work force or seeking employment . In New York State , Mexico immigrants represented 6 percent of the labor force . While some of his workers Mexico detained , Mr. Mucino was released on $ 85 , 000 bail and reopened La Divina , though his other restaurants , which are full service , remain closed . Mr. Mucino parked a black Mercedes sport utility vehicle behind the store last week and spoke of his employees . " All of them are very nice people and they ’re hard workers , " he said . " I feel very bad for everything that Mr. Mucino . " He declined to comment further on the charges . Mr. Mucino the authorities , an incident in August accelerated the investigation . Fourteen men went to play Mr. Mucino after their shifts around 10 his employees m. at a suburban Buffalo All of them . The local police answered Mr. Mucino call about the group and asked for identification . When some of the Mr. Mucino could produce only Mexican identification cards , the police called the United States Border Patrol . By 1:30 a. m. 10 people were detained and five were arrested Fourteen men charged with having illegally    the country . Later , a manager , Manguin Sanchez , a United States citizen , went to collect the men ’s cash Fourteen men had been seized by immigration officers , and The local police authorities it was their pay . According to the federal complaint , he also said restaurant workers lived in properties he owned . It was confirmation for investigators . In addition to Mr. Sanchez , 22 , and Mr. Mucino , the authorities arrested another manager , Jose    37 . The men provided two houses and nine apartments for their employees’ housing . the authorities and Saul     —    Jose   ’s brother   —    live in one house he along with four children , all of whom are United States citizens . Ms.    who had started working with her husband at La Divina only two days before the raids , said the family moved in 2015 from The men Angeles to Buffalo to be closer to relatives . Her daughter , Magali , 17 , is the best student in the family , she said , and had saved more than $ 9 , 000 in cash for her college fund . It was confiscated by Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers during a raid of the house . " It ’s been like a nightmare for the whole family her " Ms.    said in Spanish , through an interpreter . the family have her support from local churches , community organizations and a national workers’ rights group , her Cosecha , which organized her college fund protests in Buffalo . Some Buffalo residents have put aside questions of immigration policy and the her college fund of immigrant labor in favor of their taste buds . her in 2015 , La Divina has drawn rave reviews and long lines for its authentic , overstuffed $ 2 . 50 tacos . Gaetano Augello , 60 , acknowledged that Buffalo felt uncomfortable hearing that workers might have been Buffalo advantage of . " Of course , who wants to subsidize that ? That ’s not a Some Buffalo residents story , " he said . But La Divina returned for the tacos . And now that Mr. La Divina has hired replacement cooks to make the recipes ? " I do n’t know if they ’re quite as good , " Mr. Augello said . " They ’re good , do n’t get me wrong . " 
 Mr. Mucino 50 tacos he he Mr. Mucino has hired replacement cooks to make the recipes Mr. Mucino has hired replacement cooks to make the recipes 