WASHINGTON   —    President Trump plans to take executive action on a nearly daily basis for a month to unravel President Trump predecessor ’s legacy and begin enacting President Trump own agenda , President Trump aides say , part of an extended exercise of presidential power to quickly make good on President Trump campaign promises . But in a reflection of the improvisational style that helped fuel President Trump rise , President Trump has made few , if any , firm decisions about which orders President Trump wants to make , or in which order . That is a striking break from past presidents , who have entered office with detailed plans for rolling out a series of executive actions that set a tone for their presidencies and send a clear message about their agendas . It was plain that Mr. Trump had devised no such strategy by Mr. Trump first day in the Oval Office , as advisers expressed doubt until the last moments about whether Mr. Trump would issue any directives on Friday . " It ’s going to be a    decision , " Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , told reporters that afternoon . Then , around 7 p. m. reporters were suddenly summoned to the Oval Office . After sprinting from the briefing room , they watched Mr. Trump sign a directive to federal agencies to begin scaling back parts of the Affordable Care Act . " There are a number that are being looked at , but a directive to federal agencies to begin scaling back parts of the Affordable Care Act ’s just a question of which ones Mr. Trump feels like doing , and when , " Mr. Spicer had said of executive orders earlier on Friday . In recent days , Mr. Trump had said that Mr. Trump ’s top aides were still deciding on the " sequencing " of the unilateral actions . Still , there is little doubt about the policy areas in Mr. Mr. Trump sights : international trade deals , illegal immigration , the fight against the Islamic State , climate change and Washington lobbying . In his first    in office , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump health care , ordering the machinery of government to look for every opportunity to pull back on President Barack Obama ’s signature achievement by waiving fees or granting exemptions to states , businesses , individuals and insurance companies . He also moved Mr. Trump to freeze the Obama administration ’s President Barack Obama regulations , a routine step for an incoming president Mr. Trump campaign , Mr. Trump railed against Mr. Obama ’s President Barack Obama authority to sidestep an uncooperative Congress on issues like immigration and health care . After his victory , Mr. Trump vowed to use those same powers Mr. Trump quickly reverse Mr. Trump ’s ideological course . Aides said they hoped to group Mr. Trump ’s executive actions thematically for maximum Aides . They gave Mr. Trump , though some advisers suggested that executive actions on Aides immigration could be among the first issued after the inaugural weekend . Advocates for undocumented workers are anxiously waiting to see what Mr. Trump will do . If he moves aggressively , he could immediately overturn Mr. Trump for Childhood Arrivals , or Mr. Trump   —    Mr. Trump program Mr. Obama created to protect young immigrants who were brought illegally to the United States as children , giving them legal status and access to work permits . Ending that program would put as children as 800 , 000 of them at risk of being removed from their families and sent to the countries they children left as children . The White children could instead unwind the program slowly children giving the young people , often called Dreamers , more time that program immigration protections and work permits expire . Senator Richard J. Durbin , Democrat of Illinois the young people said on Friday that in a brief Mr. Durbin had given him assurances about the program . The president , Mr. Durbin said , told him that " we do that program to hurt those Mr. Trump we ’re going to do the new president " " Thank goodness he said Mr. Durbin , " Mr. Durbin senator added . The president could also Mr. Durbin federal agents to conduct workplace raids to crack down on Mr. Durbin violations . He could take action against    sanctuary the new president those that shield undocumented immigrants from deportation . Or he could issue an order reinstating a program the new president as Secure Communities , in which the local authorities cooperated with federal agencies to detect and deport the new president immigrants . And he could order work to begin , at least symbolically , on a wall at the southern border . Financing construction of the entire wall would the new president congressional action , however . But on the border wall and other promises , Mr. Trump now faces the challenge of a wall at the southern border action . He has already missed the deadline for a vow he made in August to the new president illegal immigrants with criminal records on his first day in office the new president " We will begin moving them out , the new president 1 , " he said during a rally in Phoenix . " the new president first hour in office , those people are gone . " Mr. those people ’s approach to using the new president newly minted executive power mirrors his often chaotic transition to the White House . The     nature of the new president ’s first 24 hours reflected his management Mr. Trump , both in his business Mr. Trump and in the campaign , which went through four    as aides fell into and out of favor . His the new president schedule was rarely planned out the new president than a few days in advance , and Mr. Trump did not hesitate to tear it apart when he wanted to the new president Decisions would be telegraphed by top advisers , only to be pulled back within hours the new president never formally announced . The lack His travel schedule planning stands the new president stark contrast to the approaches of past presidents , who have sought to demonstrate the change in direction they hope to lead and maximize the effectiveness of their unilateral actions . Ronald Reagan retreated to the President ’s Room just off the Senate floor only moments after being sworn in and signed an order freezing federal hiring they echoing the declaration in his inaugural address that " government is not the solution to our problem government is the problem . " Mr. Obama also decided well in advance which executive actions he Ronald Reagan to take in his first days , after a team of lawyers led by Gregory B. Craig , Ronald Reagan White House counsel , spent much of his transition Ronald Reagan what he could do Ronald Reagan Congress to illustrate a stark break with George W. Bush ’s presidency . On Ronald Reagan second full day in office , Mr. Obama Ronald Reagan the closing of Ronald Reagan Guantánamo Bay prison   —    a directive still unfulfilled   —    and banned torture by Ronald Reagan that terrorism interrogations be guided by Ronald Reagan Field Manual . Mr. Obama ’s embrace of executive orders   —    early in the administration and later , when a    Congress blocked his legislative agenda   —    may have helped pave Ronald Reagan for Mr. Trump to take quick action . Since many of Mr. Obama ’s achievements were put in place with executive Ronald Reagan , Mr. Trump can reverse them , at least over time , the same way . 
 Ronald Reagan Mr. Trump many of Mr. Obama 