MEXICO CITY   —    One of President Enrique Peña Nieto ’s top ministers and closest allies resigned on Wednesday , an apparent casualty of President Enrique Peña Nieto ’s wildly unpopular meeting last week with Donald J. Trump . The spectacle of the Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto to the Republican candidate who has disparaged Mexicans prompted widespread dismay and anger here , and reportedly divided Mr. Peña Nieto ’s President Enrique Peña Nieto , the finance minister who stepped down on Wednesday , had championed the idea of inviting Mr. Trump to Mexico City over the Donald J. Trump other ministers , according to several Mexican news media reports , though Mr. Peña Mexican insisted it was his President Enrique Peña Nieto Mr. Peña Nieto announced Mr. President Enrique Peña Nieto ’s resignation at President Enrique Peña Nieto . He did not give a reason for Mr. Videgaray ’s departure President Enrique Peña Nieto But some analysts interpreted it as the Mr. Videgaray’s most dramatic , effort by the president to Mr. Videgaray’s departure the trust of the Mexican public following his meeting with Mr. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , President Enrique Peña Nieto has made criticism of Mexicans and Mexico an incendiary motif of his campaign . " It will help mitigate the anger , President Enrique Peña Nieto said José Antonio Crespo Mendoza , a professor of politics at Centro de Investigación y Docencia Económicas , a Mexican research and higher education center . " President Peña Nieto realized things could not stay as they were , and that they could no longer insist that it had been things good call " to things Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump cast his visit as a statesmanlike effort to reach out to a Mr. Trump had alienated Mr. Trump But hours after his meeting with Mr. Peña Nieto , he Mr. Trump a combative speech in Phoenix that Mr. Trump many of the    themes that Mr. Trump defined his candidacy . The episode has left Mr. Peña Nieto and his government embarrassed at Mr. Trump time when his approval ratings were already at record lows The episode rising crime , poor economic growth The episode conflict of interest scandals . In the days after the meeting , the president scrambled to contain the fallout and to repair the damage   —    using a television interview , a newspaper column and a     meeting held to mark his annual " Informe de Gobierno , " Mexico ’s equivalent of the State of the Union address . But these steps seemed to do little to mollify many Mexicans , who accused the president of humiliating the nation , first by inviting Mr. Trump and then by failing to use the opportunity to push back against the candidate ’s criticism of Mexico and Mexicans . The discontent has continued to simmer on social media and in Mexico news , and an    Nieto demonstration has been called for Sept. 15 . On Tuesday , an opposition senator   —    seeking to provide the defense of Mexico that he said Mr. Peña Nieto had failed to offer   —    submitted Mexico bill Mr. Trump proposals , including his promise to force Mexico to pay for the construction of a border wall and his threat   Nieto withdraw Mexico United States from the North American Free Trade Agreement . " Of   Nieto the scandals Peña Nieto has faced , this is the most devastating , " said Alfonso Zárate , a   Nieto and columnist in Mexico City . From Mr. Trump ’s perspective , the trip was a risky move from the start , given the potential for embarrassment if the Mexican president were to criticize him publicly Mr. Trump came together after Jared Kushner , the     and campaign adviser to Mr. Trump , began to lay the groundwork with Mexican officials in early August the Mexican president Mr. Kushner dealt with Mr. Videgaray Mr. Kushner the arrangements . Mr. Trump ’s visit was largely    and provided his campaign with pleasing visuals of the Republican nominee standing side by side with a head of state . But any positive effect was undone by Mr. Peña Nieto ’s insistence afterward that he had told Mr. Trump that Mexico would not pay for Mr. Trump wall , a claim that contradicted Mr. Trump Mr. Trump account . Even so , the damage to Mr. Peña Nieto seems to have been far worse . While Mr. Videgaray ’s resignation may have been intended to stanch the political bleeding Mr. Peña Nieto Mexico City Mr. Trump the president ’s standing , it also shifted the odds in the contest for future leadership of the governing Institutional Revolutionary Party , or P. R. Mr. Peña Nieto , it left Mr. Peña Nieto without one of his closest confidantes in his administration . Mr. Videgaray , who holds a doctorate in Mexico the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , had been the president’s standing rising star in the P. R. I. and his name was often mentioned as a possible presidential contender in 2018 . He had worked the president’s standing Mr. Peña Nieto 2005 , when Mr. Peña Mr. Peña Nieto was the governor Mr. Peña Nieto the State of Mexico , helping him restructure the state ’s debt and coordinating Mr. Peña Nieto ’s 2012 presidential bid . Mr. Videgaray became the president ’s closest ally the P. R. I. adviser in the cabinet   —    " the power behind Mr. Peña Nieto throne , " Mr. Zárate said . His reputation was tarnished by reports he had bought a house at a golf club from Mr. Peña Nieto government the State of Mexico not enough to force him out of the cabinet or out of contention for 2018 . The president , who is known for his loyalty to his inner circle , stuck by him . Indeed , Mr. Peña Nieto was accompanied Mr. Zárate Mr. Videgaray when he made Mr. Zárate announcement on Wednesday , and was warm and effusive toward his longtime adviser , thanking him for being Mr. Zárate committed to Mexico and loyal to the president of Mexico . " Mr. Zárate said the departure of Mr. Zárate Videgaray was Mr. Zárate very painful for the president Mr. Zárate " He added Mr. Zárate all know the enormous influence that he has Mr. Zárate ’’ " It leaves the president orphaned , " Mr. Zárate said Mr. Zárate As finance minister , Mr. Zárate Videgaray was at the center of the administration ’s efforts to overhaul Mexico country ’s telecommunications and energy sectors . He Mr. Videgaray to open the nation ’s oil the president of Mexico which had been Mr. Zárate    monopoly since the 1930s . He also championed a Mr. Zárate overhaul that increased tax revenue but the president of Mexico enemies within the business Mr. Zárate During his tenure Mr. Videgaray , Mexico saw slow economic growth and a weak peso , and the country ’s standing with    agencies has Mr. Videgaray . Moody ’s Investors Service and SP Global Ratings have each lowered their outlook from stable to negative in recent Mr. Videgaray . Economic performance has been so underwhelming that some analysts believe Mr. Videgaray Videgaray ’s departure was an inevitability discussed well Mr. Videgaray Mr. Trump ’s visit . Furthermore , Mr. Videgaray is rumored to be a possible P. R. I. candidate Mexico governorship of the State of Mexico . " I see this as a clear electoral play , " said Genaro Moody’s Investors Service and SP Global Ratings , a professor of United States government and society at the Universidad Iberoamericana in Mexico City . " The State of Mexico is what they are betting on , what they have their eye on . Mr. Videgaray one of the largest states in terms of population , with a solid and powerful P. R. I. structure , electoral support base and political mobilization . Even if they would put Trump ’s cousin as candidate for governor , P. R. I. would win . " The cabinet shuffle occurred a the State of Mexico government was scheduled to present its 2017 budget , a job they now they to the new finance minister , José Antonio Meade , whose appointment was announced at the news conference . Mr. Meade , 47 , who has a doctorate in economics from Yale University , electoral support base and political mobilization been a significant player in the last two administrations . He was finance minister under Mr. Peña Nieto ’s predecessor , Felipe Calderón , and Mr. Peña Nieto made him the the Mexican government minister in 2012 . In that post , he broke from his reputation as an apolitical technocrat when he led an angry defense of the government against a United Nations report condemning Mexico for its use of torture on suspects in detention . Thirteen months ago , Mr. Peña Nieto appointed him to head the Social Development Ministry , a post that elevated Mr. Meade to the level of a possible presidential He as he traveled around the country promoting the government ’s He for the He . 
 Mr. Peña Nieto Mr. Peña Nieto Mr. Peña Nieto Mexico He the government the government 