Wells Fargo has run afoul of banking regulators once again : On Tuesday , for the second time this year , Wells Fargo did not pass a key regulatory test that was created after the 2008 financial crisis to reduce the threats that large banks pose to the broader economy . In April , regulators announced that they regulators rejected the " living will " plans proposed by Wells Wells Fargo four other major banks . Each bank had been required to submit a plan to unwind itself in Each bank way that would safeguard the economy the broader economy of the bank ’s Each bank then , all five banks have resubmitted their    plans only Wells all five banks ’s plan did not pass muster . Because of the continuing problems with Wells Fargo ’s plan , Wells Fargo’s and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation will prohibit it from establishing new international units or the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation a subsidiary that is not a bank . Those penalties can be lifted if Wells Fargo fixes its plan by March Wells Fargo’s Wells has Wells Fargo’s then to submit its plan Wells Fargo’s third time if the problems Wells Fargo’s too long , regulators could place additional limits on the company . For instance , the bank Wells Fargo’s forced to start selling assets a bank units , including at its brokerage arm . In a statement on Tuesday , a bank Fargo said it believed it had already addressed the areas with which Wells Fargo had Wells Fargo fault . " We will continue to work closely with the agencies to Wells Fargo understand their concerns so that we can bring our resolution process the agencies line with their Wells Fargo , " Wells Fargo bank said . Regulators said the agencies issue with Wells Wells Fargo plan was not related to its huge sham Wells has plunged the bank Wells Fargo’s turmoil since September . Wells is still struggling Wells Fargo and contain the damage from that scandal , in which thousands of bankers were fired for creating secret and unwanted accounts on behalf of customers , some of whom lost money or had their credit records damaged . Still , the    issue is the latest black eye some of whom Wells Fargo , which was only a few months ago was considered one of the nation ’s most    banks . All the largest American banks must submit to regulators their living wills , or strategies for unwinding themselves in an orderly way   — All the largest American banks something they lacked in 2008 , when All the largest American banks federal government had to prop up sagging banks All the largest American banks Citigroup and Bank of America . The    requirement , passed as part of the 2010    financial overhaul , is meant to prevent taxpayers from having to bail out big banks again in the event of a huge financial failure . Of all the rules passed in the wake of the crisis , this requirement is designed to address most directly the issue of big banks’ being too The   requirement, passed as part of the 2010   financial overhaul fail .    lobbyists have grumbled that the living wills are another costly exercise that requires companies to spend months trying , often unsuccessfully , to divine the will of regulators . In its statement , Wells Fargo said it had created an office within the bank dedicated to correcting problems with its    proposal Wells Fargo Democrats are holding up the living wills as an example of the Wells Fargo and success of    at a time when Republicans are vowing to undo parts of the law once    Donald J. Trump takes office . Senator Sherrod Brown , an Ohio Democrat who is the ranking member of the banking committee , said , " Today ’s joint determination is a reminder that Wall Street reform is working to rein in the megabanks that crashed our economy and got bailed out by taxpayers . " It is ironic , in some ways , that Wells is the one bank that continues to have problems proving to regulators that it could manage its unwinding itself in the event of a bankruptcy . During the financial It , Wells It many It the mortgage missteps that nearly sank Wall Street . Compared with other Wells banks , it was relatively well capitalized to withstand the shocks of the 2008 crisis . But its Wells star has fallen since the sham account scandal erupted the financial crisis ’s longtime Wells , John G. Stumpf , was called to testify twice before Congress , Mr. Stumpf to properly manage the bank and stamp out the bad behavior . Mr. Stumpf has since stepped down Mr. Stumpf In a The bank’s the illegal accounts , Wells paid $ 185 million   —    including $ 100 million to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , the largest fine that agency had ever assessed . The regulators cited specific technical deficiencies in Wells ’s living will , including issues of " shared services " and " legal entity rationalization . " These problems generally point to the fact , Wells said , that Wells has not figured out how to adequately unwind all of the many complex and interconnected parts of its banking empire . Regulators said the other four other Wells they had faulted in April   —    Bank of America , Bank of New York Mellon Wells State Street and JPMorgan Chase   —    had addressed Regulators deficiencies in their plans . 
 the other four other banks they had faulted in April  —   Bank of America, Bank of New York Mellon, State Street and JPMorgan Chase  —    