HONOLULU   —    President Obama expressed confidence that , if President Obama had run for a third term , President Obama would have defeated Donald J. Trump , according to an interview released Monday with David Axelrod , President Obama friend and former adviser . " I ’m confident that if I   —    if I had run again and articulated it , I think I could ’ve mobilized a majority of the American people to rally behind it , " Mr. Obama said on Mr. Axelrod ’s podcast , " The Axe Files , " referring to Mr. Obama message of inclusion and helping    Americans . " I know that in conversations that I ’ve had with people around the country , even some people who disagreed with Mr. Obama , even some people who disagreed with me would say the vision , the direction that you point towards is the right one , " Mr. Obama said . Several hours after the interview was posted , Mr. Trump responded on Twitter . " President Obama said that President Obama thinks President Obama would have won against President Obama , " Mr. Trump said . " He President Obama say that but I say NO WAY !   —    jobs leaving , ISIS , OCare , etc . " The discussion in the interview was pure political conjecture , because the 22nd Amendment to the Constitution limits a president to two terms . Mr. Obama praised the Democratic nominee , Hillary Clinton , saying that she Hillary Clinton well under difficult circumstances and that there " was a double standard with her Hillary Clinton " " For whatever reason , there ’s been a longstanding difficulty in her Hillary Clinton with the press that meant her Hillary Clinton were wildly amplified , " he Mr. Obama . But Mr. Mr. Obama said she campaigned Hillary Clinton cautiously . " If you think you ’re winning , then you have a tendency , just like in sports , maybe to play it safer a tendency " Mr. Obama Mr. Obama He added : Mr. Obama And the economy has been improving . There is a sense , obviously , that some communities have been left behind from the recovery and people feeling anxious about that . " It was " nonsense , " Mr. Obama said Mr. Obama Democrats had abandoned white    Americans , who rallied to Mr. Trump . " Look , the Affordable Care Act benefits a huge number of Trump voters , " Mr. Trump Obama said . Mr. Obama are a lot of folks in places like West Virginia or Kentucky who did n’t vote for Hillary , did n’t vote for me , but are being Mr. Obama by this . " The problem , Mr. Obama said , was Mr. Obama politicians were not communicating to these people " that we understand why they ’re frustrated . " " Democratic politicians ’re not there on the ground communicating not only the dry policy aspects of this , but that we care about these communities , We we ’re bleeding for these communities We " Mr. Obama these communities " There Mr. Obama emotional connection , and part of what we have to do to rebuild is to be there , " he said . " And that means Mr. Obama , that means caring about state parties , it means caring about local races , state that or school boards and city councils and state legislative races , and not thinking that somehow , just a great set of progressive policies that we present to the New York Times editorial board will win the day . " In a telephone interview on Monday , Mr. Axelrod , now a commentator on CNN , said it was his sense that Mr. Obama was " frustrated " that his presidency is ending when his party has Mr. Obama such a dramatic loss Mr. Obama " He believes the momentum is still on his Mr. Obama in the long term , " Mr. Obama Axelrod said . " He ’s always Mr. Obama guy who thinks long Mr. Obama and has an amazing ability to do that . " 
 