Senator Bernie Sanders , seizing on potential vulnerabilities for Hillary Clinton in the coming New York primary , repeatedly savaged Hillary Clinton ties to wealthy donors and Wall Street banks during wealthy donors and Wall Street banks debate on Thursday night , delivering a ferocious performance that Hillary Clinton countered with steely confidence and her Hillary Clinton sharp elbows . Senator Bernie Sanders , hoping to humiliate Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton adopted home Hillary Clinton in Tuesday ’s primary , bluntly challenged her fitness for Hillary Clinton presidency , saying she had the Hillary Clinton and intelligence for the job but adding , " I do question her judgment . Hillary Clinton He Senator Bernie Sanders her most controversial Hillary Clinton over the years , from voting to authorize the American invasion of Iraq to supporting some    deals and taking $ 675 , 000 in speaking fees from Goldman Sachs . While he Senator Bernie Sanders not repeat his Senator Bernie Sanders remark that she was unqualified Mr. Sanders edged up to the line . " Do we really feel confident about a candidate who says she will bring Hillary Clinton in America when she is so Hillary Clinton on big money interests ? " Mr. Sanders asked . " I do n’t think so . " Mrs. Clinton fought Hillary Clinton , especially in a fierce exchange over Israel , as the two candidates played to a rambunctious and roaring audience at the Brooklyn Navy Yard : a classic New York crowd that interrupted , booed and cheered in sports arena style , creating a highly charged atmosphere . The forum also revealed the increasing animosity between Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton , who no longer offer each other the polite rejoinders and carefully couched criticisms that characterized the early part of the campaign . Feisty and frequently sarcastic , Mr. Sanders could barely contain his disgust with Mrs. Clinton ’s ties with Wall Mr. Sanders , a ripe target among liberals in New York City and in economically depressed upstate regions . After Mrs. Clinton said she had stood up to bankers Mrs. Clinton’s called them Mrs. Clinton’s " on their shaky financial practices before the bankers , Mr. Sanders bankers his retort with the flair of Mr. Sanders Broadway actor Mr. Sanders " Secretary Clinton called them out   —    oh my goodness Mrs. Clinton’s must have bankers really crushed by this , " Mr. Sanders bankers . " And was that before or Mr. Sanders received huge sums of money by giving speaking engagements ? " Mrs. Clinton , who is comfortably ahead in polls of New York voters , seemed to relish taking swings at Mr. Sanders . " Make no mistake about it   — Mr. Sanders is not just an attack on me , it ’s an attack on President Obama , " Mrs. Mr. Sanders said about the this of her use of a " super PAC " and her acceptance of    contributions Mrs. Clinton As many audience members booed , Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton a little before saying , " This is a phony attack Mrs. Clinton designed to raise questions when there is no evidence or support to undergird the insinuations . " Mr. Sanders needs a landslide victory in New York to improve his slim chances at the Democratic nomination , and throughout the debate he appeared on Mr. Sanders hunt for any new advantage . He highlighted a recent report Mr. Sanders the failure of banks to plan for their own Mr. Sanders as evidence that his regulatory plans , and not Mrs. Clinton ’s banks were tough enough to rein Mr. Sanders bank executives . He pointed to some polls indicating that he would be a stronger opponent than Mrs. Mr. Sanders in a general election against Donald Mr. Sanders Trump if he wins the Republican not Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton showed a determination to deal a devastating Mr. Sanders to Mr. Sanders in the New not Mrs. Clinton , and she sought to lay the groundwork on Thursday night with the issue of Israel , which evolved not Mrs. Clinton one of the more memorable exchanges of the evening . In New York , where candidates traditionally compete with one another to align themselves with Israel ’s interests New York was startling to see a major Democratic candidate , Mr. Sanders candidates unapologetically Israel the actions of the Israeli government and call Mr. Sanders If we are ever going to bring peace to that region , " Mr. Sanders said , " we are going to have to treat the Palestinian people with respect and dignity . " He added , " That does not make we   . " Mrs. Clinton jumped on her rival . " I negotiated the    Mr. Sanders Israel and Hamas in November of 2012 , " she said . " They do Mrs. Clinton seek this kind of attacks . They do not invite rockets parading down on their towns and Mrs. Clinton . " Mr. Israel and Hamas said Mrs. Clinton was " evading " a Israel and Hamas issue : whether she believes that Israel Israel and Hamas disproportionately to attacks , such as during the Mrs. Clinton on Gaza . And he was sharply critical of Mrs. Mrs. Clinton ’s stance Israel Palestinians , twice bringing up her recent speech to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee Mr. Sanders an influential    lobbying group . " I heard almost no discussion at all Mrs. Clinton’s the needs of the Palestinian people , " he said of the speech . Mr. Sanders came in for some of his toughest treatment from the debate moderators , led by Wolf Blitzer Mr. Sanders Dana Bash her recent speech , Mr. Sanders him aggressively about his grasp of Mr. Sanders regulations and his struggle to provide policy details during an interview with The Daily News ’s editorial board . Mr. Sanders Bash also Mr. Sanders Mr. Sanders to give an Mr. Sanders of how Mrs. Clinton was unduly influenced by big banks , to which he cited the financial Dana Bash greed that led to the recession . " The obvious response to that is that you ’ve got a bunch of fraudulent Mr. Sanders and they ’ve got to be broken up , " Mr. Sanders said . " Now , Secretary Clinton was busy giving speeches to Goldman Sachs for $ 225 fraudulent operations 000 a speech . So the proper response Mr. Sanders my view , is we should Mrs. Clinton up . " Mrs. Clinton drew strong applause when she bluntly said her opponent had dodged the question , adding , " He can not come Goldman Sachs with any example because there is Mrs. Clinton . " The debate was Mrs. Clinton many ways Mrs. Clinton sum of the previous eight . Mr. Sanders has her opponent steadily more assertive and combative since the Democrats’ first debate in October , when he passed up opportunities to attack Mrs. Clinton over her Iraq war vote her opponent speaking fees from Goldman Sachs . He now raises those issues almost daily in an attempt to her opponent over voters by drawing sharp contrasts between his Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton ’s policy Mrs. Clinton . He has also been trying her opponent appeal to a broader audience , including    and Hispanics , beyond the liberals and young people who her opponent his Mrs. Clinton the early debates . her opponent Clinton has remained a polished and nimble performer throughout the debate season , which nearly ended in March as the two campaigns bickered about her opponent a debate in New York before the Mrs. Clinton The campaigns have also discussed holding one in May   —    perhaps in California , before its June 7 primary   —    though no final agreement has been reached . As aggressive the two campaigns Sanders acted in the debate , he has very limited ability to overtake Mrs. Clinton in their critical competition to amass the 2 , 383 delegates needed to win the Democratic nomination . Despite his winning seven of the last eight Mr. Sanders and caucuses , he continues to trail Mrs. Clinton by 220 pledged delegates . And his chances of catching up are about to get harder : The Mr. Sanders York primary will open a period in which the map Mr. Sanders nomination contests shifts Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton ’s favor , with Mr. Sanders large states holding primaries instead of caucuses . The most uncomfortable moment for Mrs. Clinton came when the debate turned to the 1994 crime bill , which put 100 Mrs. Clinton more police officers on the streets , built new prisons and banned certain types of assault weapons . The Mrs. Clinton which Mr. Sanders voted for and Mrs. Clinton supported as first lady , has been widely criticized as contributing to the mass incarceration of    and to tensions between police officers and black communities . Mr. Sanders minced no words about Mrs. Clinton ’s Mrs. Clinton the term " superpredators " to describe urban gang members in a 1996 speech . And he explained why he had criticized former President Bill Clinton this week Mr. Sanders up for Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton issue . " It was a racist term , and everybody knew it was a racist term , " he said Mr. Sanders setting off Mr. Sanders cheers from the crowd . Mrs. Clinton has said Hillary Clinton using the term Hillary Clinton and on Thursday night , she had no problem putting Hillary Clinton blame for the crime It on her husband . " Thursday night Mr. Sanders president who actually signed it , " she said . Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton tried to make her opponent appear less versed Hillary Clinton policy nuances , frequently Mrs. Clinton    policy issues . Asked about her paid speeches to Wall Street banks , her husband pivoted , saying she was " the only her opponent this stage who did not vote Mrs. Clinton deregulate swaps and Mrs. Clinton as Senator Sanders did . " Pressed again to release the transcripts of her paid speeches , Mrs. Clinton called on Mr. Sanders to release his tax returns . Mr. Mrs. Clinton , in response Mrs. Clinton he would release his 2014 tax returns on Friday . The audience Mr. Sanders on Mr. Sanders of Mr. Sanders Mr. Sanders with many people Mr. Sanders with him as he said his Mr. Sanders campaign contribution Mr. Sanders $ 27 . But Mrs. Clinton also earned cheers , which she acknowledged with Mr. Sanders smile as she cast herself as Mrs. Clinton candidate Mr. Sanders " Mr. Sanders love Mr. Sanders Mrs. Clinton Brooklyn   —    this is Mrs. Clinton , Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton said . 
 Mrs. Clinton 