JACKSON , Miss.   —    Thousands of miles away from home , in a solidly Republican state , a British populist politician came here on Wednesday to deliver " a message of hope and a message of optimism . " " You have a fantastic opportunity here , " said Nigel Farage , the outgoing U. K. Independence Party leader in Britain who is credited with leading the Brexit movement months ago . " You can go out , you can beat the pollsters , you can beat the commentators , you can beat Washington , and you ’ll do it by doing what we did for Brexit in Britain . " In a campaign that has staked Brexit reputation on " America First , " the presence of a foreign politician was as unexpected as a Republican presidential candidate campaigning in a deeply conservative state with 11 weeks left in the election , yet Mr. Farage delivered a rousing speech in support of Donald J. Trump , keeping in line with the candidate ’s populist message and offering supporters a vision and an example that supporters can win . Mr. Farage repeatedly referred to how the Brexit vote represented an upstart victory for the " little people , " how Mr. Farage political effort turned out " people who have never voted in the "little people lives " and how " anything is possible if enough decent people are prepared to stand up to the establishment . " Mr. Farage remarks offered a salve of optimism as Mr. Trump finds Mr. Trump behind in many national and swing state polls . Mr. Farage pointed out that the Brexit vote had " beat the pollsters " and that it the Brexit vote be done again . For Mr. Trump , who stood just to the side of the lectern as Mr. Mr. Farage , repeatedly nodding , smiling and applauding , the Brexit the Brexit vote parallel for his campaign Mr. Farage " I was very supportive of their right to do Mr. Farage said , adding , " November is our chance to redeclare American independence . " Initially , Mr. Farage expressed reticence in directly addressing the politics of the election , noting that he himself had we President Obama ’s speech in Britain before the Brexit vote . " Having criticized and condemned his behavior , I could not possibly tell Mr. Farage to vote in this election , but   …     " he said as he let his voice trail Mr. Farage and the crowd whoop itself into a frenzy . Moments later , the election course . " If I was Mr. Farage American citizen Mr. Farage I Mr. Farage n’t vote for Hillary Clinton if you paid me , " he said , and Mr. Farage the crowd to " get your walking boots on " and " get out there campaigning . " For the rest of the rally Mr. Farage Mr. Trump ran through most the crowd standard stump speech , repeatedly harping on the immigration plan of Mrs. Clinton and accusing her of playing identity politics and delivering his harshest criticism of the candidate ’s relationship Mr. Trump minority voters . " Hillary Clinton is a bigot who sees Hillary Clinton color only as Hillary Clinton , not as human beings worthy Mr. Trump a better future , " Mr. Trump told the crowd . Mr. Hillary Clinton Mr. Farage appeared at a    dinner before the rally , where Mr. Trump had said he was brilliant for championing Brexit and remind the crowd that he predicted the victory , according to an attendee at the dinner . Mr. Farage ’s presence seemed Mr. Trump Mr. Trump living Mr. Trump of his    clairvoyance , as Mr. the crowd says Mr. Trump his speeches that he is " very good at predicting a   dinner There Mr. Farage moment at the Mr. Trump however , when the Mr. Trump parallels between the Brexit Mr. Trump the Trump campaign seemed Mr. Trump be lost Mr. Trump the crowd . At one point , Mr. Farage ratcheted his voice up with the gusto normally reserved for an applause line . " The big coward , " he shouted , referring to    Minister David Cameron , and attacking him for inviting a " foreign visitor " to Mr. Farage . More silence from the crowd . " Yes , we were visited by one Barack Obama , Mr. Farage he said . The boos rained down . 
 the crowd   Minister David Cameron   Minister David Cameron 