Donald J. Trump unveiled a pledge on Thursday to create 25 million jobs over the next decade , but Donald J. Trump offered few details on how Donald J. Trump would achieve that ambitious goal as president . In remarks that may stir new consternation abroad , Donald J. Trump told the Economic Club of New York that he Donald J. Trump pay for his Donald J. Trump agenda in part by requiring allies to shoulder the full cost of American military resources deployed in their allies . Mr. Donald J. Trump long criticized the country ’s defense arrangements , but on Thursday , he drew Donald J. Trump uncommonly straight line between his    Donald J. Trump and the " billions and billions of dollars " currently spent on " defending other people . " He specifically Donald J. Trump Germany , Japan , Saudi Arabia and South Korea as " economic behemoths " that the United States should not pay to protect . " You could ask yourself , how long would Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia there if we were n’t defending them ? " the United States should not pay to protect Trump said in his speech . Mr. Trump And I think we should defend we , but the United States should not pay to protect have to we compensated properly . " He added , Mr. Trump I ’m sure they ’ll be the United States should not pay to protect to hear that . " Speaking at the Waldorf Astoria , Mr. Trump largely Mr. Trump broad economic vision he outlined in Detroit Mr. Trump month , vowing to slash taxes on business and scale back federal regulations , and to redraft or void trade agreements he views as disadvantageous Mr. Trump the United States . But Mr. Trump ’s remarks Mr. Trump the opaque and improvisational nature of his policy agenda , which Mr. Trump been defined by a few grand promises but few concrete details . By putting a hard number on his    promises   — Mr. Trump even if     —    Mr. Trump may be aiming Mr. Trump a campaign message that has been light on policy outside the issues of immigration and trade . And Mr. Trump has now twice revised Mr. Trump proposals during the campaign , Mr. Trump sharply scaling back plans for a $ 10 trillion tax cut and then , on Thursday , backing away from several ideas that drew criticism and mockery in the past . He partly rolled back his earlier proposals Mr. Trump reduce corporate taxation Mr. Trump Mr. Trump still proposes a 15 percent Mr. Trump on corporate income , but it would no longer apply to business income reported on personal taxes , generally limiting the lower rate to the largest corporations . He also reduced a tax break that generated Mr. Trump because it would particularly benefit real estate developers . Mr. Trump also now proposes to cut federal Mr. Trump $ 4 . 4 trillion , not $ 10 trillion he insists the plan would ultimately cost the government Mr. Trump $ 2 . 6 trillion in revenue , with the difference made up in economic growth . Mr. Trump spoke loosely and plainly enjoyed himself , Mr. Trump the    crowd about their own Mr. Trump and business ventures . He put his audience on notice that he would enlist Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump in government , to Mr. Trump renegotiate deals far larger their any they had dealt with before . " Hate to say their , " Mr. Trump joked , " but your companies are peanuts . " But Mr. Trump also continued to cast himself as a champion Mr. Trump interests , and in his Mr. Trump invoked nostalgia for the heyday of the American auto Mr. Trump , steel manufacturing and coal mining . And Mr. Trump attacked his Democratic rival , Hillary Clinton , for Mr. Trump some of Mr. Trump supporters as " deplorables " for holding views she called bigoted Mr. Trump " My economic plan rejects the cynicism that says our labor force will keep declining , that our jobs will keep leaving and that our economy can never grow our it did once before , " our Trump said . " And our economy , oh boy , did it used to grow . " Mr. Trump ’s description of an economy growing more slowly than it Mr. Trump World War II until 2000 is accurate . But his Mr. Trump to return to that postwar growth rate and add 25 million Mr. Trump over the next decade would be difficult to attain , given the nation ’s shifting demographics . Part of the downshift in the growth rate since 2000 was caused by a    population that has grown less rapidly than in earlier eras . And that trend is unlikely to reverse , despite Mr. Trump ’s criticism in his speech of " cynicism that our labor force will keep declining . Mr. Trump The Congressional Budget Office projects employment will rise by 7 . 1 million over current levels by 2026 amid an increase in the labor force of eight million people . In effect , to add 25 million jobs by then , the number of people who seek to work would have to increase more than three times as much as the economists at the budget office think likely . One way would be to encourage more    Americans who neither work nor look for work to do so . This group includes     parents and those who see few possibilities in the work force , and their numbers have risen substantially since 2008 . But even if the percentage This group working    to     returned to its peak of the spring of 2000 , that would add only about 5 . 2 million more potential workers compared with current levels . Another way would be to encourage people to retire later , extending the length of their careers . A third option would be to increase immigration levels sharply people the next decade so there are more potential workers born elsewhere . Beyond promising to put many more people to work , Mr. Trump pledged to attain 3 . 5 percent annual growth in gross domestic product over the next decade   —    versus the 2 percent that has been routine in recent years and that the Congressional Budget Office projects for the decade ahead such growth would require a steep increase in businesses’ productivity . While not articulated in these terms , his plan imagines that the     slump in productivity will reverse itself if Mr. Trump Trump ’s agenda of lighter regulation and lower taxes was his plan into effect . The revised version of Mr. Trump ’s tax plan would still substantially reduce federal taxation , replacing Mr. Trump with three and taxing most income at lower rates . Under the plan , a married couple with $ 50 , 000 in taxable income would Mr. Trump’s tax plan percent in taxes , or $ 6 , 000 , rather than 13 percent , or $ 6 , 572 , under current law . Families with more income would save more . The top tax rate would drop to 33 percent from 39 . 6 percent . More Americans would avoid paying taxes entirely , although not as many as under Mr. Trump ’s earlier proposal . Mr. Trump said he wanted a $ 30 , 000 standard deduction for married couples instead Mr. Trump $ 50 Mr. Trump 000 in his last plan . He also proposed a new limit of $ 200 , 000 on deductions Mr. Trump wealthy couples . Mr. Trump Trump ’s proposals drew a friendly reception from his audience , particularly for his plan to Mr. Trump businesses . But he also offered reminders of Mr. Trump distance that separates him Mr. Trump many of the financiers and business leaders who Mr. Trump fund Republican campaigns . He repeatedly attacked foreign Mr. Trump in harsh language , and for the second time this week questioned the independence Mr. Trump legitimacy of the Federal Reserve . Mr. Trump charged that rather than simply doing what is right for the economy , the Fed made " the political decision every single time . " And there was perhaps a subtler reminder of the divisive nature of Mr. Trump ’s campaign : Terry J. Lundgren , the chief executive of Macy ’s and the chairman of Mr. Trump of New York , did not attend the speech . Under Mr. Lundgren , Macy ’s pulled    merchandise from its shelves last year , after Mr. Trump   —    who retaliated by repeatedly Macy Mr. Lundgren from the campaign Macy   —    described undocumented Mr. Trump as rapists and drug smugglers . 
 Mr. Lundgren 