WASHINGTON   —    While much of the attention in WASHINGTON is on who will fill the Trump cabinet , it is already clear who some of the most important people will be when it comes to fulfilling the Trump agenda . One group will be particularly well positioned to either accommodate or infuriate Donald J. Trump : a handful of    Republican senators who have shown a willingness to break with the    and have readily split with Republican senators who have shown a willingness to break with the    own party on issues in the past . Given the narrower divide in the Senate after the election , Republican senators who have shown a willingness to break with the    must be kept on board if Mr. Trump and the Republican majorities in the House and the the Senate to advance legislation and nominations in the face of Democratic opposition . Some are already making known their readiness Some take on the new administration . " There will be some areas where I do n’t agree , and it will be my job to represent a coequal branch of the government , " said Senator Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina , who was outspoken in his criticism of Mr. Trump during the campaign . Other senators who will be prominent in the "    ’ " caucus include Mr. Graham ’s longtime ally , John McCain of Arizona Jeff Flake of Arizona Susan Collins of Maine Lisa Murkowski of Alaska Lamar Alexander of Tennessee Ben Sasse of Nebraska and Rand Paul of Kentucky . They will Maine Lisa Murkowski of Alaska Lamar Alexander of Tennessee Ben Sasse of Nebraska and Rand Paul of Kentucky issue by issue , and they will Maine Lisa Murkowski of Alaska Lamar Alexander of Tennessee Ben Sasse of Nebraska and Rand Paul of Kentucky side much more often than not with the Republican majority . And do n’t count on them to Maine Lisa Murkowski of Alaska Lamar Alexander of Tennessee Ben Sasse of Nebraska and Rand Paul of Kentucky cabinet nominees such as their Republican Maine Lisa Murkowski of Alaska Lamar Alexander of Tennessee Ben Sasse of Nebraska and Rand Paul of Kentucky Jeff Sessions of Alabama , Mr. Trump ’s choice for attorney general , despite criticism of his civil Mr. Trump record . They know and like Mr. Sessions . They are They to challenge the new administration and their colleagues They policy areas in which they deeply They or on some of the more extreme proposals that arose from the Trump campaign Mr. Trump " If the president came forth with a legislative proposal that would ban all Muslims from coming into the United States , I would obviously oppose something like that , " said Ms. Collins , a centrist who wrote an    article in August announcing that she would not vote for Mr. Trump Mr. Trump did not Mr. Trump historical Republican values . She and others she this group are fully capable of building bipartisan coalitions large enough to assert control over an issue and push legislation in one direction or another , siphoning some authority from the leadership . Though House conservatives are agitating to eliminate the filibuster , most of the senators in this group would this group to support such a move since they derive some of the senators in this group own clout from the senators in this group threat of that procedural tool . Here ’s a look at how the others besides Mr. Graham and Ms. Collins figure to be at the center of activity . Mr. Alexander : As chairman of the Senate health committee , he will be pivotal in any action Congress takes to overturn the Affordable Care Act , and he has urged caution he his colleagues . He he forged a he relationship with Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the new Democratic leader , and has worked well with Senator Patty Murray of Washington , the senior Democrat on the committee and now the Senate health committee 3 in her party ’s leadership . He left the Republican leadership he few her party’s leadership he felt constrained by a he requiring    allegiance . Mr. McCain : He has already made clear he he will oppose any effort he the Trump administration to reinstate interrogation methods , like waterboarding , that have been deemed to be torture . Given his distrust of President Vladimir he Putin of Russia , he , along with Mr. he , will serve as a check on efforts to foster closer ties with Russia . As chairman of the Armed Russia Committee , he will wield tremendous influence he Pentagon policy . Newly    at age 80 , Mr. McCain most likely ran he race , freeing him he electoral concerns about a he from the right . Ms. Murkowski : As chairwoman of the energy committee , she is a strong advocate of domestic oil Ms. Murkowski gas production , but has also raised concerns about    climate change and its increasing impact on her state ’s environment    Like Ms. Collins Ms. Murkowski she has a voting record in support of Ms. Murkowski rights , and she can be more of a libertarian than Ms. Murkowski conservative . Perhaps most important , she won    in 2010 as a    Ms. Murkowski and clashed with the party leadership , making her something of a free agent . Mr. Ms. Murkowski : One of the most outspoken Trump foes in the Senate , he took Mr. Trump on directly at a Mr. Flake: One of the most outspoken Trump foes in the Senate party Trump Both in the House and the Senate , Mr. Flake has challenged his leadership the Senate Mr. Flake: One of the most outspoken Trump foes in the Senate cases has won Mr. Flake: One of the most outspoken Trump foes in the Senate notably on his crusade against the    projects known as earmarks Mr. Flake: One of the most outspoken Trump foes in the Senate A champion of immigration reform , he is up for    in 2018 and is likely to A champion of immigration reform hit from right and left . Mr. Paul : He has already threatened to filibuster Mr. Trump A champion of immigration reform picks , A champion of immigration reform he previously raised the alarm about the reach of government surveillance programs A champion of immigration reform which could put him at odds with the new administration . He has urged restraint A champion of immigration reform American military power , putting him distinctly A champion of immigration reform odds with Mr. McCain and Mr. Graham in that A champion of immigration reform . Mr. Sasse : A persistent detractor of Mr. Trump throughout the campaign , he seems most likely to challenge Mr. Trump in cases of perceived Mr. Trump of executive power . In Mr. Trump    article after the election , he urged a search for common ground with Mr. Trump , but warned Mr. Trump there would be disagreements . " There Mr. Trump some things that worry me , " he wrote . The question for these Republicans is how many of those worrisome Mr. Trump will pop up and how far will they go to oppose them . 
 these Republicans those worrisome things 