How does a former senator . .. stateswoman . .. hoping to build a financial stockpile . .. find a way to make it worth a former senator donors’ while ? " Hamilton " tickets . At a special Tuesday matinee ,    supporters of Hillary Clinton filed into the Richard Rodgers Theater for a special performance that was , in a rare turn , a touch more expensive than a typical show . But with seats available for $ 2 , 700   —    and status as " event chair " on offer for $ 100 , 000   —    the gathering , held for the Hillary Victory Fund , did include an uncommon guest : Mrs. Clinton , who took the stage after the final bows of a show she has now seen three times . " I cry every time , " she said , after embracing a show she has now seen three times ’s creator ,    Miranda , who left his role as the title character over the weekend but returned on Tuesday to introduce her she Mrs. Clinton , who first attended last year off Broadway , at the Public Theater , took care to establish her she Hamilton " bona fides , to a point . She she rapped nor rhymed , but she she often to some of the show ’s signature numbers . " As Washington tells us , history ’s eyes are on us us " she she at one point , invoking " History Has Its History On You . " " Let ’s us throw away our us , " she she later , nodding to perhaps the show ’s most famous song . The musical has become something of a bipartisan cause   —    " the only thing , " President Obama has joked , " that Dick Cheney and I agree on . " The President Obama a Democratic    last year at the theater . Mr. Miranda has his own Mr. Miranda roots : His father The younger Mr. Miranda longtime Democratic strategist in New York . The younger Mr. Miranda has , in recent months , urged Congress to assist Puerto Rico in its financial crisis . In his remarks , Puerto Rico Miranda , his    Hamiltonian mane now shorn , made his his preference for the November election , criticizing his J. Trump without saying his name . " Are you going to Donald J. Trump for the guy who wants to build a wall or for someone who ’s building bridges ? " asked Mr. Miranda , whose Tony    show is Mr. Miranda , or at least alluded to , the first four presidents . " Right now Tony    " he whose Tony   show " you ’re going to hear from the 45th president . " Mrs. Clinton , taking the stage to Tony    cheers , hugged Mr. Miranda and thanked him for advocating on behalf of Puerto Rico and the families of victims of the massacre last month in Orlando . Speaking Mr. Miranda about four minutes , Mrs. Clinton lingered on the message of the show ’s final number , " Who Lives , Who Dies , Who Tells Your Mrs. Clinton " and the meaning of legacy . " It really is true that it matters whose stories are told , " she said , " and heard . " 
 Mrs. Clinton It 