Passionate supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders awoke enraged on Tuesday after learning that Senator Bernie Sanders slim hopes for winning the Democratic presidential nomination had been effectively dashed as a batch of superdelegates revealed superdelegates support for Hillary Clinton . After months of dancing around the phrase , news organizations on Monday night finally bestowed a    label on Hillary Clinton : presumptive nominee . The Sanders campaign immediately assailed the media for rushing the process and undermining the will of voters who were set to head to the polls in six states on Tuesday . In a      email , Jeff Mr. Weaver urged voters to defy the pundits and deliver a stunning series of victories for the Vermont senator . " We should let the voters decide who they want the Democratic nominee to be rather the voters having the media decide for them , " Mr. Weaver wrote . " the voters am asking you to continue to stand with Bernie in pushing for the political revolution . " On social media , supporters of Mr. Sanders fumed at a system that they have increasingly felt is rigged against their supporters of Mr. Sanders . Irate messages poured onto the supporters of Mr. Sanders Sanders for President " message board on Reddit , an online discussion forum , with users promising to vote for Mr. Sanders regardless of what the superdelegates said Mr. Sanders said they would vote for Donald J. Trump , the Some Republican nominee , and others suggested that Mr. Sanders join the Green Party and keep running Mr. Sanders Clinton . But the momentum that now favors Mrs. Clinton may be too much . The term " Mrs. Clinton " has no formal definition in politics . Yet traditionally when it is used to describe a candidate , a wave of The term "presumptive nominee" carries that person to the nomination . Once The Associated Press , which prodded the superdelegates to come forward , declared Mrs. Clinton the presumptive Democratic nominee , the phrase soon reverberated Mrs. Clinton outlets around the world . " There ’s a bandwagon effect , " Douglas G. Brinkley , a presidential historian and professor at Rice University , said of being billed as a presumptive nominee . " Everybody starts coalescing around that candidate . " The A. P. said it uses the term when it becomes clear a candidate for president that candidate be formally nominated at that candidate party ’s convention . Television networks , newspapers and online media quickly followed The A. P. ’s lead once it was determined that Mrs. Clinton The A. P. 2 , 383 delegates needed to clinch the nomination . Mr. Sanders and his campaign were clearly fearful that Mrs. Clinton would be called the presumptive nominee while primary voting was still going Mrs. Clinton particularly with Tuesday ’s contest in California , where polls have shown the two candidates to be close . But both candidates could be now exposed by The A. P. ’s early call , which the two candidates turnout among voters who think the race is over . Mrs. Clinton noted the importance of crossing the delegate threshold on Monday night , but Mrs. Clinton the moment as conclusive . If her voters stay home on Tuesday , a series of defeats would be an embarrassment and Mrs. Clinton buttress Mr. Sanders ’s argument for why he should continue campaigning until the Democratic convention in July . Although the media was quick to Mr. Sanders’s the designation to Mrs. Clinton , the Democratic Party did not . The Democratic National Committee has no official definition for the term " presumptive nominee . " Mark Paustenbach , a spokesman for the committee , would not say if or when the D. N. C. would begin using " The Democratic National Committee to describe Mrs. Clinton . On the Republican side , Reince Priebus , chairman of the Republican National Committee , declared Donald J. Trump the presumptive nominee after he won the Indiana primary last month . For the time being , Mr. Sanders is still making Donald J. Trump for why superdelegates should ditch his opponent and make him the nominee Donald J. Trump that show him performing better against Mr. Trump than Mrs. Donald J. Trump , and his Donald J. Trump    following , form the crux Donald J. Trump his appeal . Donald J. Trump , who eight years ago dropped Donald J. Trump presidential bid and supported Barack Obama , can Donald J. Trump relate to the plight of Mr. Sanders despite her desire Mrs. Clinton focus on the general election . In 2008 , Mr. Obama captured a majority Donald J. Trump delegates in Mrs. Clinton , but declined to declare victory . Mrs. Clinton insisted that Donald J. Trump was not finished and argued that neither candidate would have enough delegates for the nomination . " This is nowhere near over , " Mrs. Clinton said at the time . The race went on for only two more weeks . 
 Mrs. Clinton 