Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton have been more secretive and selective than many recent presidential nominees in providing     details about Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton personal health   —    a particularly striking departure , experts say , given the candidates’ age . No American election has ever featured two    nominees as old as Mr. Trump , 70 , and Mrs. Clinton , 68 , and Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton have kept a grueling pace for more than a year . Yet Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton have declined to share the latest information about Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton health or to make Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton doctors available for interviews . Each released a brief medical statement in 2015 neither has added to it since . Mr. Trump has been especially unforthcoming , even as Mr. Trump has sought to turn health into an issue in the presidential race , questioning Mrs. Clinton ’s " physical and mental strength and stamina " as Mr. Trump allies push unfounded rumors that Mrs. Clinton is ill . Hope Hicks , a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump , said Monday that he Mr. Trump have " no problem releasing additional records " about his Mr. Trump if Mrs. Mrs. Clinton the same . Advisers to Mrs. Clinton , who has released more details than Mr. Trump , said the onus was on him Mr. Trump match her disclosures Mrs. Clinton Republicans from Ronald Reagan to Mitt Romney have released details in the months before Election Day or directed their doctors Republicans from Ronald Reagan to Mitt Romney field questions . John McCain allowed some reporters to review more than 1 , 100 pages of his medical John McCain . Among Democratic nominees , Al Gore and John Kerry spoke openly about their health Al Gore and John Kerry Kerry John Kerry prostate cancer . Bill Clinton and Barack Obama were more reticent : Their aides argued Bill Clinton and Barack Obama the two were young men with no health problems , though Mr. Clinton granted Bill Clinton on his health in 1996 Bill Clinton pressure from his Republican opponent , Bill Clinton Dole . Mr. Trump , who regularly eats fast food and says he does not sleep Bill Clinton or take long vacations , has provided only a    statement from his gastroenterologist last December Bill Clinton It contained no details about his heart rate , Bill Clinton rate , cholesterol level , past medications or family medical history . It did include several It declarations , describing Mr. Trump ’s blood pressure ( ) and laboratory test results as " astonishingly excellent . " The doctor , Harold N. Bornstein of Manhattan , concluded that Mr. Trump , if Mr. Trump’s " will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency "   —    a claim that was widely mocked as unprovable and unscientific . Mrs. Clinton issued a significantly more detailed    letter from her physician in July 2015 Mrs. Clinton included information about a concussion Mrs. Clinton suffered in 2012 Mrs. Clinton left her with a blood clot in Mrs. Clinton head and double vision . Mrs. Clinton doctor , Lisa Bardack of Mrs. Clinton Kisco , N. Y. said those symptoms were resolved within two months . Mr. Clinton , however , has Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton " required six months of Mrs. Clinton work to get over " the concussion   —    a statement that helped feed conspiracy theories among Republicans that Mrs. Clinton ’s concussion was worse than disclosed Mrs. Clinton is no medical evidence to support that conclusion . Doctors and medical experts said they had rarely seen so few details or updated information Doctors and medical experts the health of presidential nominees . " Voters deserve far more information from Clinton and Trump about their health than we have now Clinton " said Dr. Voters Lee , who was the elder George Bush ’s personal physician during his four years as president . " The public has the elder George Bush’s personal physician right to know , but you just do n’t have transparency with these two candidates on much of anything . That ’s a given . " Lawrence O. Gostin , a lawyer on the faculty of medicine at Georgetown , said Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump had both fallen short of releasing     medical information , which he described as " extremely important , " given their Mr. Trump . " A person ’s fitness , particularly Lawrence O. Gostin, a lawyer on the faculty of medicine at Georgetown an older age , can change very quickly , and the rigors of a campaign   —    all the speeches , travel , long days and nights   —    can take a toll on your health as well , " said Mr. Gostin , who worked with Mrs. Clinton on her health insurance overhaul effort in 1993 and 1994 . Mrs. Clinton The campaign is a kind of trial run on a patient ’s ability to serve as president , so the public deserves details on their health after a year of running . " Mr. the public , who is supporting Mrs. Clinton , said Mr. Gostin, who worked with Mrs. Clinton on her health insurance overhaul effort in 1993 and 1994 health problems . Advisers to Mrs. Clinton said Monday Mr. Gostin, who worked with Mrs. Clinton on her health insurance overhaul effort in 1993 and 1994 she had provided sufficient information Mrs. Clinton her personal health in the 2015 statement Mrs. Clinton no plans to release Mrs. Clinton , though they pointed to Mrs. Clinton last week by Dr. Bardack reiterating that Mrs. Clinton " is in excellent health and she had provided sufficient information about her personal health in the 2015 statement and had no plans to release more to serve as president of the United States . " Mrs. Clinton last week was a response to fake documents , purportedly by Dr. Bardack , claiming that Mrs. Clinton the 2015 statement seizures last week loss after her concussion . Her advisers pushed back forcefully Dr. Bardack if Mrs. Clinton or her doctor would give an interview about Mrs. Clinton health , Mrs. Clinton that the 2015 statement disclosed far more details about past Mrs. Clinton , vital signs and incidents like Mrs. Clinton Clinton ’s concussion than Mr. Trump ’s medical summary last year . " Hillary Clinton is the only candidate in the race who has met the standard expected of presidential candidates , " said Glen Caplin , Mrs. Clinton’s spokesman . " Donald Trump needs to produce a real doctor ’s letter , written by a credible doctor , that details the state Mrs. Clinton’s his health for voters . " Trump campaign advisers said Mr. Trump had no plans to grant interviews about his health , insisting that his Donald Trump was not an issue . They said he was Donald Trump shape , disputing the opinion of some friends Donald Trump Mr. Trump that he Donald Trump gained weight recently . The Trump Trump campaign advisers declined Donald Trump request for an interview with Dr. Bornstein . For much of American Donald Trump presidents and Donald Trump were secretive about their health . Donald Trump Wilson suffered a severe stroke in 1919 that largely incapacitated him , a condition that he and his advisers hid for a time presidents and candidates Franklin D. Roosevelt was rarely photographed in his wheelchair , and John F. Woodrow Wilson ’s chronic back pain Woodrow Wilson regimen Woodrow Wilson medications were concealed . Mental health issues emerged as a liability , too Franklin D. Roosevelt Thomas F. Eagleton gave up the 1972 Democratic    nomination after acknowledging his past electroconvulsive therapy for depression . But since Reagan ’s nomination in 1980 at age 69   —    then the oldest    nominee to date Thomas F. Eagleton —    candidates’ medical histories have been routinely disclosed and scrutinized . Tad Devine , a veteran Democratic strategist , recalled that Lloyd Bentsen , the 1988    nominee , provided extensive details about his health " because he Mr. Devine old at the time . " " I think health transparency is important and candidates have to take that responsibility seriously , " Mr. Devine his . " As transparency goes , Trump ’s    statement is preposterous . " Steve Schmidt , a Republican strategist who was a senior adviser to Mr. McCain in 2008 , said most presidential campaigns want to disclose as little as possible while providing enough information to claim to be transparent . But he suggested that the balance should tilt toward more disclosure this year . " You have two candidates around 70 years old , and while it has n’t happened since 1974 , you Steve Schmidt, a Republican strategist who was a senior adviser to Mr. McCain in 2008 had many vice presidents succeed to the office of the presidency , " Mr. Schmidt said . " When you have candidates at their ages , the disclosure should be on the burdensome side . " 
 Steve Schmidt, a Republican strategist who was a senior adviser to Mr. McCain in 2008 candidates 