Gov. John Kasich of Ohio , a moderate voice who tried to portray John Kasich as the adult in the Republican primary field but failed to win any state but John Kasich own , ended John Kasich    quest for the presidency on Wednesday , cementing Donald J. Trump ’s grip on the presidential nomination . Mr. Kasich ’s departure , a day after Donald J. Trump’s ’s victory in the Indiana primary , leaves Mr. Donald J. Trump’s the only candidate remaining in the Republican race . His closest Donald J. Trump’s , Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , dropped out Tuesday night . In remarks in Columbus , Ohio , that lasted about 15 minutes , Mr. Kasich recalled the emotional moments he had Mr. Kasich the campaign trail and stressed the need to " live a life bigger than ourselves . " He did Mr. Kasich mention Mr. Trump or explain why he was Mr. Kasich the race . " I have always said that the Lord has a purpose for me , Mr. Kasich he has the Lord everyone , " Mr. Kasich said . " And as I suspend my campaign today , I have renewed faith , deeper faith , that the Lord the Lord me the way forward and fulfill the purpose of my life . " A conventional candidate in an unconventional race , Mr. Kasich , 63 , outlasted the other governors in the Republican field . But his longevity was Republican a testament to his unbending refusal Republican drop out long after it became clear that voters were not flocking to his campaign . Republican rarely wavered Republican his     approach Republican his rivals , Republican as they racked up far more delegates . When they attacked one they , Mr. Kasich struck a sunny tone and told people that they were made people by the Lord . While Mr. Trump and Mr. Cruz emphasized their outsider status Mr. Trump and Mr. Cruz he ran unapologetically Mr. Trump and Mr. Cruz a candidate with experience . Mr. Kasich , Mr. Kasich , had insisted that he was the only Mr. Kasich Republican candidate who could win in November . But while he expressed hope that Mr. Kasich in the Northeast would embrace him , he was Mr. Kasich by Mr. Kasich Trump in the five states that held primaries last week , and he never matched Mr. Mr. Kasich as the main alternative to Mr. Trump . In Mr. Trump deal with Mr. Cruz , Mr. Kasich Mr. Cruz to compete in Indiana , a critical state for those hoping to stop Mr. Trump . Mr. Cruz Mr. Trump exchange , agreed Mr. Cruz compete in two states with later contests , Oregon and New Mexico . Mr. Kasich had hoped that neither opponent would Mr. Kasich delegates to clinch the nomination before the Republican convention in July . In that case , many delegates could potentially vote as they wished , regardless of which candidate voters in many delegates home states preferred . Mr. Kasich said he many delegates his track record in Mr. Kasich his favorable Mr. Kasich numbers Mr. Kasich hypothetical matchups against the Democratic Mr. Kasich Hillary Clinton , would win over those delegates . But Mr. Trump ’s victory in Indiana many delegates in a commanding position to officially secure the nomination on Mr. Trump 7 , when the last Republican contests will be held . Mr. Kasich had been set to fly to the Washington area on Wednesday to hold a news conference , meet with a newspaper editorial board and attend    for his campaign . He got on his plane in Columbus , Mr. Kasich to campaign Mr. Kasich , but Mr. Kasich reservations about pressing on . The plane never took off , and within hours , Mr. his plane in Columbus announcing the end of his bid . A Mr. Kasich of the House Budget Committee and Mr. Kasich governor of a large and electorally critical state , Mr. Kasich did not lack in credentials . And his tenure as Mr. Kasich Ohio , a job he entered on the Mr. Kasich of the recession , offered him an alluring Mr. Kasich of economic turnaround . He set himself apart from Mr. Kasich Republican field through his moderate views   Mr. Kasich    Mr. Kasich the Affordable Care Act , he Mr. Kasich Medicaid in Ohio , and he talked frequently about the need Mr. Kasich help people " in Ohio shadows Mr. Kasich " like those with drug addiction or mental illness . At times , he expressed dismay about the direction of his party , asking last week Mr. Kasich " Do the Republicans actually think Mr. Kasich they can win an election by scaring every Hispanic in this country to death the Republicans " Mr. Kasich presented himself as the optimistic candidate in a gloomy race , refusing to unleash the Mr. Kasich of personal attacks that have been a defining characteristic of this year ’s campaign . Before the New Hampshire primary , he described himself as " the prince of light and hope . " Mr. Mr. Kasich planted Mr. Kasich in New Hampshire , holding more than 100 town    Mr. Kasich the state Mr. Kasich He New Hampshire with a    finish , which his campaign hoped would New Hampshire Mr. Kasich prominence . In the months that followed , Mr. Kasich continued holding town    Mr. Kasich in state after state , taking questions from voters Mr. Kasich His events often felt more like group therapy sessions than campaign stops . Audience members Mr. Kasich up to him about deeply personal subjects , and Mr. Kasich dispensed hugs . " The people Mr. Kasich our country changed me , " Mr. Kasich said on Wednesday . " They changed me with the stories of their lives . Mr. Kasich March 15 Ohio primary was a The people of our country bright spot for him   — The people of our country a victory over Mr. Trump , and one that kept his    bid alive The March 15 Ohio primary But Mr. Kasich ’s soothing message never caught on in a campaign that The March 15 Ohio primary exposed the anger and frustration coursing through the electorate . He found himself stuck in fourth place in a    race , trailing Senator Marco Rubio of Florida Mr. Kasich the Mr. Kasich count , even though Mr. Rubio had ended his bid in March . In recent weeks , Mr. Kasich ’s great achievement Senator Marco Rubio of Florida be showing off Senator Marco Rubio of Florida impressive appetite at a variety of restaurants Mr. Kasich    prompting Mr. Trump to deride his eating habits Mr. Kasich Mr. Kasich has often been talked about as a possible    candidate , and on Mr. Kasich , Mr. Trump Mr. Kasich that he was interested in vetting Mr. Kasich for a potential spot on his ticket . Mr. Mr. Trump repeatedly insisted that he Mr. Trump not be Mr. Kasich running mate . " If George Washington came Mr. Trump Mr. Kasich dead , I might think Mr. Kasich it with him , " he said last week . " But that ’d be about it . " Mr. Kasich ’s team had high hopes George Washington the Northeast George Washington believing Mr. Kasich , who grew up near Pittsburgh , would Mr. Kasich moderate voters there . But Mr. Trump dominated the five states that voted last week in the Northeast and   . Mr. Kasich acknowledged last week that he considered dropping out of the race after Mr. Trump routed him last week contests , but decided Mr. Kasich . Until the very end last week Kasich stuck to his message , even as it Mr. Kasich Mr. Trump was not a winning one . " My job is to provide Mr. Kasich a sense of Mr. Kasich , of unity , of healing , " he his message last week . " That ’s what I ’m going to do . And if that does n’t take me to a road to Mr. Kasich , so be it . " 
 