Raising the prospect of lasting fissures in the party , Senator Bernie Sanders rebuffed pressure on Tuesday to rein in Senator Bernie Sanders supporters after his supporters disrupted a weekend Democratic convention in Nevada , throwing chairs and later threatening the state chairwoman in a fight over delegates . The uproar comes as Hillary Clinton is struggling to turn Hillary Clinton and the party ’s attention to the fall . Mr. Sanders ’s supporters showed no sign of backing down on Tuesday . In interviews , several threatened to disrupt the party convention in Philadelphia in July with protests and nonviolent disobedience over a nominating system that they say has treated Mr. Sanders Mr. Sanders’s In emails , on social media and on websites , his supporters have Mr. Sanders’s advice about protest tactics and legal services in case of mass arrests . Alarmed by the unrest in Nevada , Senator Harry Reid , the minority leader , said that he spoke with Mr. Sanders on Mr. Sanders’s that the Vermont senator faced a " test of leadership " over his supporters’ actions . Mr. Sanders’s Reid , who represents Nevada , said he Nevada confident that he Sanders would " Mr. Sanders’s right thing . " But Mr. Sanders showed no sign Mr. Sanders’s down , releasing a statement that , while condemning violence , accused the Democratic leadership in Nevada of using " its power Nevada prevent a fair and transparent process from taking place . " The fight in Nevada underscored the determination of Mr. Nevada ’s supporters to undermine Mr. Sanders’s     march to the nomination . On Tuesday she lost the Oregon primary but declared victory Mrs. Clinton’s     Kentucky , where she held a    edge according to complete Mrs. Clinton’s     unofficial returns . Mrs. Clinton spent Monday campaigning in Kentucky , Mrs. Clinton’s     the battle against Mr. Sanders Kentucky to distract her campaign even as she turns her fire on Mrs. Clinton’s     J. Trump , Mrs. Clinton’s     presumptive Mrs. Clinton’s     nominee . And leading Democrats have become increasingly vocal about the need to unify the party for the general election   —    while being careful not to anger Mr. Sanders by urging him to quit the race Mr. Sanders Barbara Boxer of Mr. Sanders said she had reached out to Mr. Sanders about the need Senator Barbara Boxer of California unity . " I Mr. Sanders a couple of calls to Bernie , " Ms. Boxer said . " He ’s my friend . He Senator Barbara Boxer of California my friend for Mr. Sanders , many , many Mr. Sanders , and I have n’t heard back from Bernie , and I would hope that Bernie will be a leader Bernie make sure that everybody understands what Bernie at stake . And what is at stake is the future of our nation . Nothing less . " Ms. Boxer , who was in Nevada for the convention on Saturday Ms. Boxer ca n’t have a repeat of that in Philadelphia because it ’s distressing , " Ms. Boxer said . " Ms. Boxer have a message to the Bernie people who are planning to be disobedient because the system is rigged . Here is the thing : They should support the Democratic candidate who got the most votes . They should support the Democratic candidate who got the most delegates . There is nothing to protest the Bernie people who are planning to be disobedient because the system is rigged " But Sanders supporters remained defiant , raising the possibility of the Bernie people who are planning to be disobedient because the system is rigged on the streets outside the convention . " You are going to see a variety of tactics , " said Elizabeth Arnold , 32 , a former staff member for the Sanders campaign in Philadelphia who said she planned to demonstrate . " I personally do n’t like being arrested . But it ’s essential that we speak our minds Sanders assert our First Amendment rights . Our system is terribly flawed and terribly unjust   —    so very just actions often end in arrests . we Ms. Arnold , we helped found EDGE , we environmental justice group based in Philadelphia , said she did not condone violence and hoped that people would find a Elizabeth Arnold, 32, a former staff member for the Sanders campaign in Philadelphia who said she planned to demonstrate leaders attending the convention " should worry about what is going to happen Philadelphia " Nina she , a prominent surrogate for Mr. Sanders , said that she had seen several emails from people planning she of civil disobedience , and that talk of dissent in the Republican ranks over Mr. Trump masked the searing divisions among Democrats . " People are talking about the Republicans having a brokered convention she I think we are sleeping on the Democrats , " Ms. Turner said . " And if Democrats believe that that ’s not going to happen , they are just sadly mistaken . They have blinders on . " " It is going to be progressives who will disrupt , " she said . " And when I say disrupt , I do n’t mean in a violent or a Democrats believe that that’s not going to happen way , but I just Democrats believe that that’s not going to happen upset the apple cart . " April Mellody , a spokeswoman for the Democratic National Convention , Ms. Turner in a statement that the convention ’s security team would work with the Philadelphia police and the Secret Service " to ensure the safety and security of all of our delegates and participants . " After the meeting of Nevada Democrats on Saturday ended in mayhem when the Democratic National Convention Sanders delegates were deemed ineligible , Roberta Lange , the state party chairwoman , said she had received death threats against her and her family after Sanders supporters spread her cellphone number online . " The Sanders campaign helped incite everything that happened , " she said . " Instead of attacking me , they should be publicly apologizing Roberta Lange, the state party chairwoman me for the part that Roberta Lange, the state party chairwoman played Roberta Lange, the state party chairwoman I ’m Sanders disappointed . Roberta Lange, the state party chairwoman makes me feel like it is Sanders being taken seriously . " On Tuesday , Roberta Lange, the state party chairwoman Nevada State Democratic Party issued a formal complaint The Sanders campaign the Democratic National Committee in Roberta Lange, the state party chairwoman to the behavior of The Sanders campaign Sanders ’s supporters Roberta Lange, the state party chairwoman Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida , the It party chairwoman , also expressed her concern Tuesday . " We will be reaching out to the leadership of both of our campaigns to ask them to stand with the Democratic Party in denouncing and taking steps to prevent the type of behavior on display over the weekend in Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, the national party chairwoman Vegas Tuesday " she her concern . But the protest effort enjoys some institutional support . her concern DeMoro , executive both of our campaigns of National Nurses the Nevada State Democratic Party union that has endorsed Mr. Sanders and that has been busing its members across the country to campaign for him , also said Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, the national party chairwoman group planned to take part in demonstrations at the convention . " We will be a significant force inside and a significant force outside , " she said . " The focus is that to be how disenfranchised the voters felt Mr. Sanders this election by Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, the national party chairwoman D. N. C. " 
 Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, the national party chairwoman her group 