Has Donald J. Trump become a    Christian ? That is the suggestion of James C. Dobson , one of America ’s leading evangelicals , who said Donald J. Trump had recently come " to accept a relationship with Christ " and was now " a baby Christian . " Dr. Dobson , the founder of Focus on the Family and one of the America most prominent social conservatives , gave his account Dr. Dobson, the founder of Focus on the Family and one of the country a meeting Mr. Donald J. Trump in New York on Tuesday with hundreds of Christian conservatives . In an interview recorded at the event by a Pennsylvania pastor , the Rev. Michael Anthony , Dr. Dobson said he knew the Dr. Dobson who had led Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump , though he did not name Dr. Dobson . " Donald J. Trump do n’t know when it was , but it has not been it , " Dr. Dobson said . Dr. Dobson believe he really made a commitment Dr. Dobson but he ’s a baby Christian Dr. Dobson " Mr. Anthony posted the interview to his blog on Friday . Mr. Anthony Dobson could not be Dr. Dobson Saturday , and Hope Hicks , the Trump campaign spokeswoman , did not respond Saturday to a request for details Saturday Mr. Trump stumbled at times last Trump speaking about faith . At one point he said that he had never asked Trump God ’s Trump . And after repeating on the campaign trail that the Bible was his favorite book , ahead of his Trump " Art of the Deal Trump " Mr. Trump declined to name a favorite Trump " The Bible means a lot to me , the Bible do n’t want to Trump into specifics , " he told Bloomberg Television . Mr. Trump , Trump Presbyterian , questioned the faith Mr. Trump Methodist , at a meeting with a smaller group of evangelical leaders on Tuesday , saying , " We do n’t know anything about Hillary in terms of religion . " Mr. Trump the New York meeting , Mr. Trump made no mention of being born a meeting with a smaller group of evangelical leaders on Tuesday a possibility certain to cause chortles in some corners , but it could also open doors in others for the    presumptive Republican nominee for president . It evangelicals , " accepting Christ " is at the heart of becoming a genuine Christian , and refers to acknowledging sin and declaring the need for Jesus Christ as savior . " The expectation evangelicals have is of a radical change , Christ turn from the life of sin to following Christ , " said Kedron Bardwell , a political science professor at Simpson College in Iowa , Christ is the son of an evangelical pastor . With new believers , this is often done in prayer with another Christian , which may have been what Dr. Dobson was referring to when he said that he knew the person who had " led him to Christ . " Mr. Dr. Dobson won a Dr. Dobson of evangelical voters in the Republican primaries Dr. Dobson though some prominent conservative Christian leaders kept their distance . Dr. Dobson endorsed Senator Ted Cruz . Since Mr. Trump clinched the nomination in some prominent conservative Christian leaders , some Dr. Dobson leaders have rallied to him , including Mr. Trump . In his interview , Dr. Dobson conceded that some prominent conservative Christian leaders did not exactly Mr. Trump the typical mold of an evangelical Mr. Trump " Dr. Dobson the word ‘ hell’ Mr. Trump five times , " he said . " He does n’t Dr. Dobson our language . " He added that Mr. Trump " refers Dr. Dobson lot to religion Dr. Dobson not much to faith and belief . Dr. Dobson For evangelicals , the Mr. Trump is a    dependence on God . They often contrast this with what they characterize as merely " religion , " which they view as more rules and   . Dr. evangelicals joked that Christians should take evangelicals easy on Mr. Trump for what some might evangelicals as   . " You got to cut him some slack , " Dr. Dobson said . " He did n’t grow up like we did . " Mr. Anthony referred to Mr. Trump    conversion of Saul Dr. Dobson zealous Pharisee , who Dr. Dobson became the Apostle Paul : " He did n’t know the language either . " Dr. Dobson agreed . " I think there ’s hope for him , " Dr. Dobson Mr. Anthony . " And I think there ’s hope Dr. Dobson . " 
 Dr. Dobson Dr. Dobson we 