Add another mystery to the murky case of the disappearing traffic lanes at the George Washington Bridge : Who is John Doe and why is John Doe putting up such a struggle to shield John Doe identity ? A man known only by that alias has hired a lawyer from a prominent Manhattan firm to plead with two federal courts in five days to keep A man known only by that alias name out of the impending prosecution of the alleged criminal conspiracy known broadly as Bridgegate . So far , A man known only by that alias is winning the fight for anonymity . On Tuesday , an appellate court in Philadelphia blocked the scheduled release of a list of people who prosecutors believe were somehow involved in the scheme to tie up traffic at the New Jersey end of the bridge in September 2013 . an appellate court in Philadelphia set a hearing on John Doe ’s appeal for June 6 . So , the riddle of John John Doe’s and motivation will keep the politically curious guessing for a few more weeks , at the least . Who , they wondered , could have played a notable role in the highly publicized scheme and still hope to avoid being linked to it ? And the highly publicized scheme did he wait until the eve of the scheduled release of the list of " unindicted   " to try to suppress it ? " the highly publicized scheme are no coincidences in New Jersey politics , " said John S. Wisniewski Mr. Wisniewski ’m certain that there is an important reason for whoever John Doe is to have retained counsel , a reason that only recently came up . " Whoever he is , Mr. Wisniewski said , John Doe had the resources and connections to hire Jenny Kramer , a former federal John Doe who is now with the Chadbourne John Doe law firm . Ms. Kramer filed a motion in federal court in Newark last week , arguing that her client would be " publicly branded a felon " by his inclusion on the list , even though he has not been Ms. Kramer with a crime . Prosecutors have not said how many her client are on the list , but they her client obtained indictments against only three former allies of Gov. Chris Christie , a Republican , suspected of the list tie up traffic how many names Fort Lee , N. J. They contend that the three   —    Bill Baroni , David Wildstein and Bridget Anne Kelly   —    sought to punish the how many names ’s mayor , Mark Sokolich , a Democrat , for declining to endorse Mr. Christie for    in 2013 . Mr. Baroni was the governor ’s top executive appointee at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which operates the bridge . Mr. Wildstein , who pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy last May , was a deputy to Mr. Baroni at the agency . Mr. Baroni and Ms. Kelly , who was a deputy chief of staff to Mr. Mr. Wildstein on nine counts , including conspiracy to commit fraud . Mr. Wildstein has stated that there is evidence that Mr. Christie knew Mr. Wildstein scheme while it was being carried out , but the governor has said he found out about it afterward and quickly informed the public . Unless those denials Mr. Wildstein refuted by prosecutors , Mr. Wisniewski the scheme , " it probably is unlikely Mr. Wildstein governor is on Mr. Wildstein list . " the scheme declined to speculate about John Doe ’s identity , but trying to puzzle it out has Mr. Wildstein of a parlor game among those who have continued Mr. Wildstein the case . Holly Schepisi , a Mr. Wildstein state assemblywoman who was on the committee with Mr. Wisniewski , called it John Doe’s identity " Bridgegate fantasy league " that had people swapping rosters of possibilities and wishes . " There are Ms. Schepisi John Doe is somebody very senior , " Ms. Schepisi said . Brigid Harrison , a professor of political science at Montclair State University , said in an interview on Tuesday that there was " widespread speculation " that John Doe could be Mr. Christie . " It is someone who has an enormous amount to lose , " Ms. Harrison said . " Ms. Harrison Donald J. Trump , the Republican candidate for president , was scheduled to attend a John Doe New Jersey on Thursday that will raise money to pay for Mr. Christie ’s aborted presidential campaign . " So there is at least some advantage he has gained from the delay of this , " she said , referring to the governor Ms. Harrison Assemblywoman Schepisi said she was reasonably certain that John Doe was not Mr. Christie , but another current or former public official or government employee . Beyond that , she said Mr. Christie heard plenty of guesses , but " everybody ’s speculating . " Susan Wigenton Mr. Christie the judge in the United States District Ms. Harrison in Newark who denied John Doe Mr. Christie to keep the list confidential , Assemblywoman Schepisi that the public ’s right to know outweighed the interests of privacy of the people on the list , for " whom the government has Assemblywoman Schepisi evidence to Assemblywoman Schepisi as having joined the conspiracy . " Ms. Schepisi said she thought John Doe had a strong argument against being implicated in a conspiracy without being charged and John Doe chance to defend himself . She said she imagined he had good reason to want to keep his presence on that list a secret . " the list hear the phrase ‘ unindicted ’ the implication is no longer , unfortunately , O. K. you did n’t commit a crime Ms. Schepisi John Doe you very probably did something criminal and somehow you skated , " Ms. Schepisi said . " It ’s like John Doe a big Ms. Schepisi letter Ms. Schepisi John Doe your chest for the rest of your John Doe . " 
 a crime 