For Mitt Romney , Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina was a natural ally   —    perhaps even an ideal running mate . A young , conservative woman of Indian descent , Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina endorsed Mitt Romney early in the 2012 race and campaigned alongside him Mitt Romney the    to his Mitt Romney of a    candidate . This year , Ms. Haley Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina even in the hunt for a spot on the Republican ticket . As Donald J. Trump prepares to select a running mate , he has whittled Donald J. Trump list of potential partners to a slim few , including Newt Gingrich , a former House speaker , and Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , with whom he campaigned on Donald J. Trump . Entirely absent are virtually all of the Republicans who were seen , as recently as a few months ago , as the bright stars of the party : young officeholders who by virtue of their background or the bright stars of the party biography , or the states they represented , the bright stars of the party primed to expand the party ’s the party By dismissing much of the party ’s    talent the party    people who would probably have been on the    short list for a different nominee , like Jeb Bush   —    Mr. Trump has reaffirmed his determination to go his own Mr. Trump , ignoring the Mr. Trump impulses of the Republican establishment . It is a mark , too , of Mr. Trump ’s extraordinary isolation within Mr. Trump , even as he is poised to claim its nomination Mr. Trump that there is no the party among its most popular and diverse young officeholders the party enlist one of their own in the race against Hillary its most popular and diverse young officeholders , the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee . Tim Pawlenty , a former Minnesota governor , said Mr. Trump ’s short list was notable for the absence of virtually all of the people regarded in Washington as the Republican Party ’s most electable figures . " In their private moments , candidates acknowledge that the pick has a lot to do with who they think could help them win , candidates said Mr. Pawlenty candidates a Republican    contender in 2008 and 2012 . " That ’s the traditional analysis , but I ’m not sure that will apply in the nontraditional Trump campaign . " Mr. Trump has declined to consider a Trump     Hispanic Republicans , including Govs . Brian Sandoval of Nevada and Susana Martinez of New Mexico , as well as Senator Marco Rubio of Florida . People close to all three , on the condition of anonymity , confirmed that they were not being vetted for vice president People close to all three He has skipped over leaders who might have they were not being vetted for vice president a crucial state in the Electoral College : Ohio . Gov. John Kasich and Senator Rob Portman , Ohio politicians with deep experience in Washington , Ohio not under consideration , according to aides . Nor is Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin , who became a hero to conservatives for his clashes with organized labor . Mr. Trump Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin, who became a hero to conservatives for his clashes with organized labor also overlooked prominent Republican women , including Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , a foreign policy hawk who is well regarded by national party leaders . Neither she nor Ms. Haley is being vetted . Rob Godfrey , a spokesman for Ms. Haley , said the governor declared in Ms. Haley she did Mr. Trump the job and had not Mr. Trump . " Since the governor made it clear that she was not Mr. Trump serving as anyone ’s vice Mr. Trump , there was no reason for her to participate in the vetting process , " he Mr. Trump . But the mutual estrangement between Mr. Trump Mr. Trump many of the party ’s rising leaders is more than a matter of individual job preferences . Mr. Trump has mainly considered people who can be made to fit his political mold , like Mr. Gingrich and Gov. Chris Christie Mr. Trump New Jersey , who have been publicly solicitous of him , as well as Mr. Pence and Senator Joni Ernst Mr. Trump Iowa ,    Midwestern conservatives with little demonstrated appeal to    groups . His top criterion , Mr. Trump has said , is someone Mr. Trump can help him Mr. Trump legislative branch . His advisers have been dismissive of Mr. Trump that he seek to broaden Mr. Trump appeal with a female or nonwhite running Mr. Trump . Depending on Mr. Trump ultimate choice , Mr. Trump ’s    selection may put the Mr. Trump to what had Mr. Trump article of faith for many Republicans : that the party ’s bench was meaningfully deeper heading into 2016 than at any point in recent memory , with an array of diverse personalities and talents that would help Republicans recover from     electoral thrashings by President Obama . The brightest prospects who went up against Mr. Trump in the primaries were soundly defeated . Nearly all of the rest appear to have been sidelined heading into the general election . Yet there is little sense of chagrin among those excluded from consideration for the vice presidency . Several who would probably have been finalists in another nominee ’s vetting process have withheld their support from Mr. Trump , as Ms. Martinez and Mr. Kasich have vetting others have Mr. Trump only grudging or limited support . For these Republicans , many of whom Mr. Kasich popular in their home states and have their own political futures to consider , being asked these Republicans join Mr. Trump ’s these Republicans would have forced them to balance the pressures of party Mr. Trump near term against the risks of these Republicans shackled for many years to the most divisive figure in modern Republican politics . Already , mainstream Republicans who have aligned themselves with Mr. Trump have suffered by association : Mr. Christie ’s dismal poll numbers in Republicans Jersey Mr. Trump after his embrace of Mr. Trump . Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee , an early    prospect who Mr. Christie withdrew from Mr. Trump suffered through multiple embarrassing television interviews in the spring , when he struggled to defend Mr. Trump ’s ideas and readiness for the presidency . Mr. Kasich , whose Mr. Christie will host the Mr. Trump week , has had no such trouble . His top political adviser , John Weaver , said there had never been any possibility that Mr. Kasich would join Mr. Christie with Mr. Trump . The governor has opted instead to defend his own brand of Republicanism , and has leveled pointed Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Kasich last round of contested primaries in Mr. Kasich spring . " We made sure there were no expectations Mr. Trump May , " Mr. Weaver said . " No avenue . No way . Not happening . Forget about it . " 
 