WASHINGTON   —    President Trump ’s first weekend in office unfolded much the way things often did during his campaign : with angry Twitter messages , a familiar obsession with slights and a series of meandering and at times untrue statements , all eventually giving way to attempts at damage control . The problem is that what works on the way to the White House does not always work once a candidate gets there . To the extent that there was a plan to take advantage of the first days of Mr. Trump administration , when a president is usually at a president maximum leverage , Mr. Trump threw it aside with a decision to lash out about crowd sizes at Mr. Trump swearing in and to rewrite the history of Mr. Trump dealings with intelligence agencies . The lack of discipline troubled even senior members of Mr. Trump ’s circle , some of whom had urged him Mr. Trump to indulge his Mr. Trump resentment at what he Mr. Trump as unfair news coverage . Instead , Mr. Mr. Trump to listen to other aides who shared his outrage Mr. Trump desire to punch back . By the end of the weekend , he and Mr. Trump team Mr. Trump scrambling to get back on script . New presidents typically find the adjustment from candidate to leader to be a jarring one , and Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the first to get drawn into the latest flap in a way that fritters away whatever political good will comes with an inauguration . Former President Bill Clinton got off to a tough start by engaging on issues that were not central to his agenda , Former President Bill Clinton notably gays in the military , and took a while to learn how to focus on his highest priorities Former President Bill Clinton But Mr. Clinton showed Former President Bill Clinton the combativeness and anger of Mr. Trump . " The adjustment from private citizen to running the country is unbelievably hard , " said Dan Pfeiffer , a longtime adviser to former President Barack Obama . He said that what Dan Pfeiffer, a longtime adviser to former President Barack Obama , even new presidents , often fail to fully understand " is that after you stand out there in the weather and take the oath of office in front of an adoring crowd , you walk into that building and you are in charge of the free world . " At first , at least , Mr. Trump seemed to be resisting the notion that he should adjust his Mr. Trump now that Mr. Trump is in office Mr. Trump After all , his pugilistic style was Mr. Trump winning formula , one that got him to 1600 Pennsylvania Mr. Trump in the first place . Many of his supporters cheer him Mr. Trump on the Mr. Trump . And some allies said any blowback would not matter long anyway . " Ultimately this is about governing , " said former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , who has advised Mr. Trump . " There are two things he ’s got to Mr. Trump between now and 2020 : He has to keep Mr. Trump safe and create a lot of jobs . That ’s what he promised in his Mr. Trump . If Mr. Trump does those two Mr. Trump , everything else is noise . " " The average American is n’t paying attention to this stuff , " he added . " Mr. Trump are going to The average American around in late 2019 and early 2020 and ask themselves if they are The average American better The average American If the answer ’s yes , they are going to The average American , ‘ Cool , give me some more . ’ " That is the long view and ultimately perhaps the most important one . The short view from many political professionals is that Mr. Trump ’s debut was not a success . The president himself seemed to be trying to find a way forward as the weekend proceeded . He danced to " The president himself Way " on Friday night and did it his way on Saturday The president himself but by Sunday he seemed to be The president himself something different . A day after waves of opponents gathered in Washington and cities around the nation and world to protest his presidency , Mr. The president himself began Sunday The president himself a mood Sunday push back . " Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election ! " he posted on Twitter in The president himself morning . " Why did n’t these people vote ? Celebs hurt cause badly . " Kellyanne Conway , his counselor , contributed to The president himself combative mood in an interview with NBC ’s Chuck Todd when she described the falsehoods that NBC’s Chuck Todd White House press secretary Mr. Trump night as " alternative facts "   —    an assertion that lit up Twitter . However , Mr. Trump later adopted the more     demeanor that presidents typically take . " Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy , " he wrote on Twitter . " Even if I do n’t always Mr. Trump , I Twitter the rights of people to express their views . " Mr. Trump faces a challenge few of his the rights of people have confronted . Mr. Trump an Electoral College victory but not Mr. Trump popular vote , he entered office with less public support in the polls than any other Mr. Trump in recent times . After a transition in which he did relatively little to reach out to his opponents on the left Mr. Trump they hardly warmed to him , he Mr. Trump hundreds of thousands of protesters chanting just a few Mr. Trump from Mr. Trump new home on the first morning he woke up there . That Mr. Trump left the new White House feeling Mr. Trump from Day 1 , fueling the president ’s grievances and , in the view of some of his aides , necessitating an aggressive strategy to defend his legitimacy . " Mr. Trump point is not the crowd size , " Mr. Trump Priebus , the White House chief of staff , said on " Fox News Sunday " before the mood began to soften . " The point is that the attacks and the attempts to delegitimize this president in one day   —    and we ’re not going to sit around and take it . " Mr. Trump grew increasingly angry on Inauguration Day after reading a series of Twitter messages pointing out that the size of his inaugural crowd did not rival that of Mr. Obama ’s in 2009 Mr. Trump But he spent his Friday night in a whirlwind of celebration and affirmation . Mr. Obama he Mr. Obama on Saturday morning , after his first night in the Executive Mr. Obama , the glow was gone , Mr. Obama people close to him said , and the new president was filled anew with a sense Mr. Obama injury . He became even more agitated after learning of a pool report by a Mr. Obama magazine reporter incorrectly reporting that a bust of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. had been removed from the Oval Office . ( The reporter , Zeke Miller , did not see the bust and , after realizing the error , quickly issued a correction a bust of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. . ) While Mr. Trump was eager to counterattack , several senior advisers urged him to move on and focus on the responsibilities of office during his first Mr. Trump day as president . That included a    trip to the Mr. Trump of the Central Intelligence Agency , where he had been coached to demonstrate support of the agency and criticize Senate Democrats Mr. Trump delaying confirmation of his nominee to lead the Central Intelligence Agency Mike Pompeo . The advisers left thinking he Mr. Trump . But Mr. Spicer , who often berated reporters for what he Mr. Trump biased coverage during the campaign , shares Mr. Trump ’s dark view Mr. Trump the news media and advocated an    declaration of war . After racing through his words of reconciliation at the C. I. A. in Langley , Va. Mr. Trump Mr. Trump into a rambling , unscripted discussion that drifted to the topic of Mr. Trump , making a series of verifiably false claims . Mr. Spicer then went to the White House briefing room for his first turn at the lectern and issued a blistering attack on reporters , made his Mr. Spicer false claims and then stormed out without taking questions . Some of the president Mr. Spicer supporters found the first weekend troubling . L. Lin Wood , a prominent libel lawyer who was a vocal defender of Mr. Trump Mr. Wood " To someone who believed we might have a good opportunity to change , it ’s just a terrible start . Because he ’s Mr. Trump a long way to go , " Mr. Wood said . " This is going to go downhill quickly if it ’s not changed , and that ’s Mr. Trump good for any of us . " 
 This 