WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump has offered the position of secretary of the interior to Montana ’s freshman representative , Ryan Zinke , a former Navy SEAL commander , two officials familiar with Donald J. Trump decision confirmed on Tuesday . The appointment of Mr. Zinke would round out Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump to lead the four agencies that will shape the future of the nation ’s energy and climate change policies . Last week , he named Scott Pruitt , the Oklahoma attorney general who has built a career out of suing the Environmental Protection Agency , to lead that office . Scott Pruitt, the Oklahoma attorney general who has built a career out of suing the Environmental Protection Agency , transition officials said he would name he Perry , the former Texas governor who vowed to eliminate the Energy Department , to run that agency . Mr. the Environmental Protection Agency also chosen Rex W. Tillerson , the chief executive of Exxon Mobil , to head the State Department , which negotiates international climate change agreements . Mr. Zinke , 55 , called Hillary Clinton " the Antichrist " as he campaigned for the House Mr. Trump 2014 . Asked that year about the established science of    climate change , Mr. Zinke was quoted in the Billings Gazette , a Montana newspaper , as saying , " It ’s not a hoax , but it ’s not proven science It . " Scientists overwhelmingly hold that    climate change is proven . Mr. Zinke was an early Mr. Zinke Mr. Trump . His wife , Lolita , is Mr. Zinke Mr. Trump ’s transition team for Mr. Trump Veterans Affairs . In some ways , Mr. Zinke appears to be an Mr. Zinke to lead the agency that oversees energy exploration on the nation ’s public lands and waters . As interior secretary , Mr. Zinke would be charged with carrying Mr. Zinke aggressive    agenda that Mr. Trump championed on the campaign trail . Mr. Zinke Mr. Trump most of his life Mr. Zinke military , and he ran Mr. Zinke office largely on a national security Mr. Zinke . He played football at the University of Oregon and Mr. Zinke a degree in geology before joining the Navy . He later became a member of the SEALs . Mr. Zinke has served in Iraq , Bosnia , Kosovo Mr. Zinke the Pacific . His autobiography , " American Commander , " was Mr. Zinke recently . Mr. Zinke conforms with Mr. Trump ’s love of military figures . He would join two retired generals , John F. Kelly and James Mr. Zinke Mattis , in the cabinet . Another , Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , has been named national security adviser . Mr. Zinke would be a continuation of the long tradition of interior Mr. Zinke western states , where the agency oversees millions of acres of federal lands . A    Montanan who grew up in Whitefish , a small railroad and logging town , he has defended keeping the nation ’s public lands in federal hands , Mr. Zinke he would never advocate their sale or transfer . But he has also Mr. Zinke a staunch advocate Montanan who grew up in Whitefish, a small railroad and logging town mining and logging on those Mr. Zinke . He has also consistently voted in favor of maintaining the public lands in federal hands Water Mr. Zinke Fund , which is funded by royalties from oil and gas exploration on public lands but intended to preserve other natural habitats . Mr. Trump hopes his interior secretary will reverse the Interior Department ’s role Mr. Zinke Obama , Mr. Zinke used the agency to advance his climate change , land conservation and renewable energy agenda . Under Mr. Obama Mr. Zinke interior secretary , Sally Jewell , the department put forward plans to Mr. Zinke on expanses of public the Interior Department’s water , freeze new leases for coal mining on public lands , and promote the development of renewable energy on federal property . Mr. Zinke would have the authority to reverse most of those initiatives , although some changes could take as long as three or four years to put in effect . Environmental groups said they feared that Mr. Zinke would be prepared to carry out Mr. Trump ’s agenda . " Though Mr. Zinke Environmental groups expressed support Mr. Zinke Land and Water Conservation Fund and opposes the sale of public lands , he Mr. Zinke the development of oil , gas and other resources over the protection of clean water and air , and Mr. Zinke , " said Theresa Pierno , president and chief executive of National Parks Conservation Association . " Mr. Zinke has advocated for state control of energy development on federal lands , a move that threatens our national parks . " But his confirmation could help Democrats in the Senate . Senator Jon Tester of Montana is one of 10 Democrats up for    Mr. Zinke 2018 in states carried by Mr. Trump . If the Interior post suits Mr. Zinke , Mr. Tester has lost a formidable challenger . 
 Senator Jon Tester of Montana 