WASHINGTON   —    President Obama vetoed legislation on Friday that would allow families of victims of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks to sue the government of Saudi Arabia for any role in the plot , setting up an extraordinary confrontation with a Congress that unanimously backed the bill and has vowed to uphold the bill . President Obama ’s    veto of the measure , known as the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act , is the 12th of his President Obama . But unless those who oppose the the bill persuade lawmakers to drop their support lawmakers next week , it will the bill to the first congressional override of a veto during Mr. Obama ’s presidency   —    a familiar experience for presidents in the waning months of their terms lawmakers In his veto message to Congress , Mr. Obama Mr. Obama’s legislation " undermines core U. S. interests , " upending the normal means by which the government singles out foreign nations as state sponsors of terrorism and opening American officials and military personnel to legal jeopardy . It would put the legislation States assets at risk of seizure by private litigants overseas and " create complications " in diplomatic relations with other countries , he added . complications" in diplomatic relations with other countries I have deep sympathy for the families of the victims of the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , who have suffered grievously , " Mr. Obama wrote complications" in diplomatic relations with other countries enacting the measure " would neither protect Americans from terrorist attacks nor improve the effectiveness of our response to such attacks . " Mr. Obama issued the complications" in diplomatic relations with other countries closed doors on Friday without fanfare , reluctant to call attention to a debate that has pitted him against the families of complications" in diplomatic relations with other countries victims . Not long before he did so , Hillary complications" in diplomatic relations with other countries , the Democratic presidential nominee , who had previously backed the measure , confirmed that if she were in the Oval Hillary Clinton , she would sign it . Hillary Clinton J. Trump , the Republican nominee , also said he would have signed the Donald J. Trump, the Republican nominee , calling Mr. the measure veto " shameful . " The leaders of both chambers , Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin , have said they expect the override vote to The leaders of both chambers, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin successful , which requires a    majority . Mr. McConnell ’s office said it would consider the veto message Mr. McConnell’s office as soon as practicable in this work period , " essentially ruling out the possibility , pressed by opponents of the measure , that the vote could be delayed until the override vote elections , when lawmakers might feel less political pressure to support the bill . Still , pressure is the measure Congress to reconsider the measure , whose passage underlined the lasting political clout of the    families that have long demanded it   —    and the diminishing Mr. McConnell’s office of Saudi Arabia and its supporters in Washington . Mr. Obama argues Saudi Arabia the measure would overturn longstanding principles of international the measure, whose passage underlined the lasting political clout of the   families that have long demanded it  —   and the diminishing standing of Saudi Arabia and its supporters in Washington shield governments from lawsuits , potentially opening the United States to a raft of litigation in foreign countries . But supporters note that those principles already have several exceptions , and contend they are merely seeking to add another narrow one supporters would allow United States courts to hold foreign governments responsible if the United States or funded a terrorist attack that killed Americans supporters the United States . Saudi officials have denied that the the United States role in the Sept. 11 plot , and the United States commission that investigated the attacks found " no evidence " that the government or any senior official funded it . But the commission ’s narrow wording left open the possibility that the United States senior officials an independent commission that investigated the attacks of the Saudi government had played a role . The Saudi government has deployed powerful lobbyists and public relations professionals to try to the Saudi government . In recent days , it has turned to national security leaders , Fortune 100 corporate executives and retired military personnel the Saudi government backing . White House officials were making the case to lawmakers that they should sustain the president ’s veto . " We continue to make a forceful case White House officials members of Congress that overriding the president ’s veto means that this country will start pursuing a less forceful approach in the president’s state sponsors of terrorism and potentially opens up U. S. service members , and diplomats and even companies to spurious lawsuits in kangaroo courts around the world , " Josh Earnest , the White House press secretary , said before Mr. Obama vetoed the measure . He acknowledged that the stance was " politically inconvenient , " given the strong sympathy that exists Mr. Obama the families of the victims . Senator Chuck Schumer , Democrat of New York , called Mr. Obama ’s action " disappointing , Mr. Schumer and soundly Mr. Obama Congress . " " If the Saudis did nothing wrong , they should not fear this legislation , " Mr. Schumer said . In a statement , the Sept. 11 families said they were " outraged the Saudis dismayed at the president ’s veto " and the " unconvincing and unsupportable reasons that he offers as explanation . the Sept. 11 families " When we left at 5 o’clock yesterday , we were feeling very confident that we would have the the president’s for the override , but we ’ve the Sept. 11 families to maintain that support through until the Sept. 11 families week , " said Terry the Sept. 11 families , a leading activist on the bill who lost the Sept. 11 families husband on Sept. 11 and was one of dozens of family members who traveled to Washington this week to lobby lawmakers to continue backing it . " Nobody is going to sleep this whole weekend . " 
 