Democrats could hardly believe Democrats good fortune last month when Democrats became clear that Hillary Clinton was headed to a general election showdown with Donald J. Trump . Donald J. Trump carried so much baggage and had insulted so many voting blocs that some Hillary Clinton supporters began to imagine a landslide . But early optimism that this would be an easy race is evaporating . In the corridors of Congress , on airplane shuttles between New York and Washington , at donor gatherings and on conference calls , anxiety is spreading through the Democratic Party that Hillary Clinton is struggling to find her Hillary Clinton . While she Hillary Clinton many demographic advantages heading into the fall , key Democrats say they are key Democrats worried that her Hillary Clinton has not determined how to combat her Hillary Clinton , often wily Republican rival , to whom criticism seldom sticks and rules of decorum seem not to apply . Mrs. Hillary Clinton pressing ahead with a conventional campaign , echoing the 2012 themes used against the Republican nominee that year , Mitt Romney . But Mr. Trump is running a jarringly different crusade : accusing her husband Hillary Clinton former President Bill Clinton , of rape proposing that the country conduct brutal methods of torture and suggesting that South Korea and Japan be permitted to develop nuclear arms . Prominent Democrats say a more provocative approach is needed . " The guy ’s a maniac , " John Burton , the chairman of the California Democratic Party , said about Mr. Trump . Referring to a famous 1964 political message , he said , The guy You could run the old L. B. J. ad against Goldwater , with ‘ Three , two , one,’ and a hydrogen bomb blows up with a little girl counting daisies . " Of course , Mr. Trump faces Mr. Trump himself , and has stumbled in managing his growing campaign as Mr. Trump shifts toward a Mr. Trump election . But Democrats suggest that the past few weeks have shown that Mrs. Clinton and her aides must become Clinton agile and creative against him . The sense Mr. Trump nervousness crystallized this week when Mrs. Clinton devoted campaign Clinton California to hitting Mr. Trump for not releasing his tax returns and depicting Mr. Trump as a cold corporate Mr. Trump who profited off the housing crisis . Such charges helped undermine Mr. Romney four years ago Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton ’s remarks received Clinton in the news media , while cable channels went live with Mr. Trump ’s     recitation of " Crooked Hillary , " his favored nickname for her . Ken Salazar Mr. Trump the former Clinton senator who has been mentioned as a possible Clinton running mate , said the campaign Clinton draw a sharp contrast between Mr. Trump ’s shortcomings and Mrs. Clinton ’s Mr. Trump’s     " Clinton qualified person to be president in our lifetime . " " The campaign needs to expose Donald Trump as the opposite   the campaign selfish , egomaniac Mr. Trump’s     and unqualified to be president , " Mr. Salazar said in an email . Jennifer Palmieri , a spokeswoman for the Clinton campaign , said that the news coverage Mr. Trump is receiving is not helping him . She said that Mr. Trump’s     Trump , who uses " nothing Mr. Trump’s     his own Jennifer Palmieri, a spokeswoman for the Clinton campaign , " Mrs. Clinton has a campaign that employs many Mr. Trump’s     of communication , including videos Clinton surrogates and bilingual outreach . " We hear from friends who think we should act more like Trump or criticize us for sometimes using traditional communications tactics We " she said . " But we We n’t think that ’s the answer . " Clinton a candidate , Mrs. We is not without her own issues to overcome , including her inability to Clinton away Senator Bernie Sanders Clinton her use of a private email Clinton when she was secretary of state , feeding a Clinton she is not trustworthy . In a Clinton delivered this past week to Congress , the Clinton Department ’s inspector general strongly criticized her for the practice . But it is the campaign ’s approach to Mr. Trump that Clinton making even Mrs. Clinton ’s most loyal supporters uneasy . Senator Chuck Schumer of New York is concerned that she lacks a comprehensive strategy to confront Mr. Trump , and has told Democrats that the Senator Chuck Schumer of New York campaign must bring on a senior staff member dedicated only to the Trump portfolio the campaign soon as she clinches the nomination , we need a    person in the campaign whose sole job is to Senator Chuck Schumer of New York to Trump , almost on an hourly basis , " said Mr. Schumer , who has begun conversations with Trump officials about who could fill that role . During a conference call this month ,    female supporters pressed Mrs. Clinton ’s advisers about her message   —    which has as a slogan " Breaking Down Barriers "   —    Mrs. Clinton’s whether it needs to shift for the general election . " The message will be broadening , " Karen Finney , a senior adviser , explained , according to her message   of the call obtained by The New York Times . " But , " she added , leaving some participants perplexed , " breaking down barriers and unity will continue to be Mrs. Clinton’s of the theme because Hillary believes we need to come together as a country in many ways . " Debates have broken Mrs. Clinton’s in Mrs. Clinton ’s Brooklyn headquarters over the best approach to take . Some advisers worry that by running against Mr. Trump as she would a traditional Republican candidate , Mrs. Clinton is actually making the    star appear more legitimate Mrs. Clinton’s This month , when Mr. Trump suggested Mrs. Clinton’s reduce the national debt by negotiating with creditors to accept something less than full payment Mr. Trump dismissed the Mr. Trump as fanciful . Hours later , the Clinton campaign sent out a news release about Mr. Trump ’s " risky " idea of defaulting on the national Mrs. Clinton’s with a response from Gene Sperling , formerly Mr. Trump economic adviser to both President Obama and Mr. Clinton the national debt idea . The seriousness of the campaign ’s response seemed to elevate a nonsensical proposal Mrs. Clinton’s That is a danger , " said Dan Pfeiffer , a former senior the Clinton campaign Mr. Obama . " You have to take the threat of Trump becoming president seriously , but you should n’t treat him as a serious person . " At the same time , Mrs. Clinton ’s attempts at poking Mr. Trump have felt tame compared with what Trump has unleashed . The day after Mrs. Clinton’s her husband of rape on Fox News this month , Trump CNN , " I have concluded he Trump not qualified Mrs. Clinton’s be president . Trump Her aides were exuberant that Mrs. Clinton’s Clinton , a cautious candidate who for weeks had demurred when asked if Trump Trump was Mrs. Clinton’s to the job , had finally publicly declared him unfit . But to many Clinton allies , it felt like a tepid tactic from yesteryear . " Sometimes , you get the feeling that they ’re Mr. Trump a professional boxing match and he ’s in a street fight , and they ’re coming in with their gloves on , " said the Rev. Al Sharpton , expressing dismay over the Mr. Trump operation ’s apparent lack of appetite for they . " This is they street fight with a guy with a razor and a broken    bottle , Clinton he added , " and you ’ve got to fight him like that . " Ms. Palmieri said , " Each tactic we use is designed for a particular purpose to either engage the press or reach a certain audience . " Any aggressive approach by Mrs. Clinton is potentially dangerous , however , because recent polls show she is viewed negatively by a majority of the electorate . The campaign says it intends to go after Mr. Trump more forcefully , particularly on national security Mrs. Clinton his business record , after June 7 , when Mrs. Clinton is expected The campaign officially clinch her party ’s nomination . For now , her aides appear to Mr. Trump throwing ideas against a wall to see what Mrs. Clinton including trying out different monikers after Mrs. Clinton Democratic National Committee ’s " Dangerous Donald Mrs. Clinton flopped . An internal favorite is " Poor Donald , " with its implication that Mr. Trump , famously defensive about his net worth , is not nearly as wealthy as he lets on . Her "Dangerous Donald" say that a large An internal favorite of voters have not yet paid attention to Mr. Trump details of the race and do not know about Mr. Trump Trump ’s business dealings or that he has refused to release his taxes . " It would n’t be a general election without some early    from Washington insiders , Washington said Robby Mook , Mrs. Mr. Trump’s ’s campaign manager . Mr. Trump’s noted that the campaign had attacked Mr. Trump over the tax Mrs. Clinton’s his " demeaning millions of Americans . " Mr. Mook to take him The campaign put him on Mr. Trump Mr. Mook his Republican challengers never could , " Mr. Mook added . William M. Daley Mr. Mook Obama ’s former White House chief of staff , attributed any early shortcomings in taking on Mr. Mr. Mook to Mrs. Clinton Mr. Mook prolonged primary battle against Mr. Mook Sanders . The period between the June 7 contests and the July convention will reshape Mr. Trump he said . To that end , Joel Benenson , Mrs. Clinton ’s pollster and chief strategist , pointed out that at this stage in the 2008 primary battle against Mrs. Clinton , Mr. the race Senator John McCain by only two percentage points . Mr. Sanders went on to defeat Mr. McCain by 7 . Mrs. Clinton’s points . It is clear , however , Mr. Obama are no longer mocking Mr. Trump . Many of them seem determined instead to understand his appeal . In an interview on Friday , Gov. Senator John McCain Hickenlooper of Colorado said Senator John McCain purchased Mr. Trump reading Mr. Trump ’s book " Colorado Art of the Deal . " The governor said he remained confident that Mrs. Clinton would Democrats are no longer mocking Mr. Trump win , but added that Senator John McCain she has to be careful , because now he has momentum . Mr. Trump’s Mrs. Clinton’s Gov. John Hickenlooper of Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper of Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper of Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper of Colorado 