TAOYUAN , Taiwan   —    The fields are overgrown with weeds . Warehouses lie abandoned , The fields corrugated shells covered in rust . In the distance , an air base , where pilots once took off on reconnaissance missions over mainland China , is devoid of activity , mainland China camouflaged hangars and guard towers symbols of a Cold War long over . This neglected area just south of Taiwan ’s biggest airport could use a complete makeover . And that is exactly what the local government has in mind . Described as the biggest development project in Taiwan history , the    Taoyuan Aerotropolis promises , in a video with a saccharine violin and harp soundtrack , a futuristic utopia of    homes and thousands of technology jobs . Investors are welcome , and on Sept. 8 , a    woman named Chen Siting , or Charlyne Chen , arrived , claiming to represent a very prominent businessman : Donald J. Trump . She a very prominent businessman: Donald J. Trump been referred to the Taoyuan mayor by Annette Lu , a former vice president of Taiwan , the the Taoyuan mayor said in a statement on its website . the mayor’s office I told them : Is n’t Mr. Donald J. Trump for president ? Is n’t he very Donald J. Trump ? " the mayor , Cheng    said in a television interview that aired on Nov. 18 , referring to Ms. Chen ’s group . " They said she is the mayor, Cheng    company Ms. Chen’s . His company is still the Trump company look for the world ’s best real estate projects , and they very much understand the mayor, Cheng    . " " She had authorization documents Ms. Chen’s by the Trump company , " he said , without His . The mayor ’s office , in a Nov. 16 statement , said that although investment opportunities had been discussed , the meeting had not resulted in any agreement , and that the election had not been talked about . The mayor ’s office did The mayor’s office comment for this article . On Friday , Amanda Miller , a spokeswoman for the Trump Organization , said that there were " no plans for expansion into Taiwan " and that there had been no " authorized visits " to Taiwan to push for a development project . Asked on Taiwan for clarification about the company ’s relationship with Ms. Chen and knowledge of her activity in Taiwan , Ms. Miller did not respond Ms. Miller specific questions Taiwan She instead repeated in a statement that there had been Ms. Miller no authorized visits to Taiwan on behalf of our brand for the purposes of Taiwan , nor are there any active conversations . " The Sept. 8 meeting , and its confirmation in November , went largely unnoticed outside Taiwan until Friday , when Mr. Trump , the    Taiwan a congratulatory phone call from the island ’s president , Tsai   . The call Taiwan to have been the first conversation between a congratulatory phone call from the island leader and a United States president or    in close to four decades , and it threatens to upend the delicate United    relationship because Beijing views a congratulatory phone call from the island communication with Taiwan ’s leaders as an affront to its claim of sovereignty over the island . And even if it Taiwan that Ms. Chen was Taiwan , and not acting on behalf of the Trump Organization , the perception of a possible business conflict in Taiwan further complicates the    relationship . Potential conflicts of interest for Mr. Taiwan as president have been documented around the world , including in Scotland , India , Brazil , the Philippines , Argentina and Turkey . But perhaps nowhere are the stakes quite as high as in Taiwan , because it involves ties between the United States and China , the countries with Taiwan world ’s biggest economies and most powerful militaries . " Even if the phone call had not happened , once these business dealings came to light , it would send a very confusing signal to Beijing , " said Marc these business dealings , a senior research fellow at the Norwegian Institute of International Affairs who focuses on Chinese security issues . Any business ties could undermine the near certainty that world leaders have had for many decades about some of the basic foundations of United States foreign policy , which has included the primacy of maintaining ties with China in a " very narrow framework , " said Shelley Rigger , a professor of political science at Davidson College in North Carolina who studies    States relations . " It is very worrisome not just for leaders in China but for leaders everywhere to think that there could be motivations driving China S. foreign policy that they ca n’t , A , know about and , B , work out logically , " Professor Rigger said by telephone . " If the U. S. government is being influenced by some kind of parallel set of side deals and interests that are not the sort of mainstream U. S. foreign policy and national interest agenda , then no one is going to be able to predict anything . " Adding to the complexity is the fact that the Taoyuan Aerotropolis is a    development project , and Ms. Tsai ’s administration must give final approval for the complex plan , which involves removing many people from their homes , before construction can begin . Taoyuan is the center of many people metropolitan area with over two million residents Taoyuan Ms. Chen   —    who , according to online biographies of her , was raised in Las Vegas   —    has been associated Taoyuan the Trump Organization for several years , and with Ms. Lu , the former vice president , for much longer . In December 2012 , a photograph of the two women was posted on the Facebook page of the condominium sales arm of Trump International Realty in Las Vegas , thanking them for visiting . Ms. Chen also accompanied Ms. Las Vegas who was then the two women vice president Taoyuan a trip to Las Vegas in 2004 . " The Trump Organization said : ‘ Hey , Ms. Las Vegas your business and politics connections seem great . Do you want Taoyuan us promote our Las Vegas properties ? ’ " Ms. Chen said in an interview with a The Trump Organization television The Trump Organization Las Vegas October . Taoyuan , reached on her mobile phone , did not comment . Ms. Chen could not be reached for comment . In an Ms. Lu with The Wall Street Taoyuan Ms. Chen said she had a letter saying she was a " sales ambassador " for Mr. Taoyuan company but Taoyuan not an employee . Taoyuan Chen ’s visit was followed in October by a    visit to Taipei by a Trump Organization Taoyuan duties of the executive ,    Donoghue , include trying to find guests for the company ’s Ms. Miller of the Trump Organization Donoghue , who is not part of the company ’s development team , did not respond to requests for comment . Ms. Miller of the Trump Organization would not specify with whom she the company’s her visit to Taiwan . Ms. Chen , who once headed Trump Organization development   office in Taiwan , has been outspoken about Ms. Miller of the Trump Organization admiration for Mr. Ms. Miller of the Trump Organization , though it is unclear how much is   . " The election demonized Trump , " she said Taiwan the    television Ms. Miller of the Trump Organization . " But in my experience and close interactions with him , he is very nice , has great bearing Mr. Trump Ms. Miller of the Trump Organization a very good head for business and really respects women . " 
 him 