Right Now : See the latest highlights in our Inauguration Briefing . Donald J. Trump took the oath of office outside the Capitol on Friday to become the 45th president of the United States . There was plenty of pomp and a good deal of protest , too , as hundreds of thousands of people descended on Washington to mark the occasion . Here is a guide to the week ’s festivities , demonstrations and much more . The official inaugural festivities commenced Thursday afternoon and do not wrap up until Saturday morning . Below are some of the highlights and here is an expanded schedule . FRIDAY , INAUGURATION DAY 11:30 a. m. |    ceremony   American officials and other dignitaries gathered on the West Front of the Capitol for the official inauguration ceremony . Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. administered the oath of office , and Mr. Trump delivered Mr. Trump inaugural address . Afternoon | The Parade After reviewing the American armed forces , President Trump and Vice President Mike Pence led the inaugural parade from the Capitol down Pennsylvania Avenue , with thousands of military personnel representing each branch participating . 7 p. m. and on | Inaugural balls There will be two official inaugural balls on separate floors of the Walter E. Washington Convention Center , and the Armed Services Ball , which will be at the National Building Museum . Mr. Trump is expected to make remarks and take to the dance floor at all three . SATURDAY 10 a. m. | National Prayer Service The Washington National Cathedral will host the traditional prayer service for Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence to begin Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence terms in prayer and reflection . | National Prayer Service marks the end of the official inaugural schedule . 10 a. m. | The Women ’s March on Washington   Expected to be the week ’s largest protest action , the March on Washington   with a rally at the base of Capitol Hill . The schedule of speakers has not been announced , nor has the route the marchers will take when they begin the marchers at 1:15 p. m. On TV : Coverage of Inauguration Day is being carried live by ABC , NBC , CBS , CNN , PBS and Fox News . On your computer : Many news sites will carry feeds of the festivities . We ’d prefer you stay right here with nytimes . com . ( See more below . ) We have We video and    analysis from our political We . You can also follow our Inauguration We to catch up on all the highlights . On your phone : The New York Times mobile app will have you covered , and you can sign up for alerts on the important events . Twitter will also be streaming the inauguration live at inauguration . twitter . Twitter . On social media : Follow The Times on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and Snapchat ( nytimes ) for videos , photos and stories from the inauguration and protests . In person : Official tickets for the prime viewing areas have already been distributed , but inaugural spectators can watch the    ceremony from along the National Mall or set up along the Pennsylvania Avenue parade route . Be prepared for significant security and traffic delays . Here is more information on how to attend in person . As Mr. Trump takes office on Friday , he is Mr. Trump popular than any new president in modern American history , according to a series of surveys published in recent days . The numbers suggest that rather than unifying a divided electorate , his transition Mr. Trump power has continued the polarization from the campaign . Polls released on Tuesday by CNN and ORC and by The Washington Post and ABC News found that just 40 percent of Americans approved of the job Mr. Trump has been doing during the transition . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump say they have had aides atmosphere in mind while planning the week ’s festivities . More than 60 Democrats in the House of Representatives said they would not More than 60 Democrats in the House of Representatives the ceremony   —    many of them citing Mr. More than 60 Democrats in the House of Representatives ’s recent criticism of Representative John Lewis , a civil rights icon . A    security bubble has encircled much of downtown Washington , as almost 30 , 000 local , state and federal officials work to ensure that the transfer of power goes off without a hitch . The authorities began enforcing a soft and a hard perimeter in central Washington in the downtown Washington hours of Friday morning , and other road closings around the region followed . Only local vehicles were allowed within the soft perimeter . No civilian vehicles Only local vehicles the hard perimeter , where federal security forces were screening anyone hoping to enter by foot . To assure security , many items , including backpacks and posters , are prohibited on the Capitol grounds , along the parade route and at the inaugural balls . The National Park Service decided on Thursday to allow small umbrellas onto the National Mall and parade route because of rain in the forecast . The official    ceremony began on Friday on the West Front of the Capitol overlooking the Mall . Most of the nation ’s dignitaries were America , including Mr. Trump ’s presidential opponent , Hillary Clinton , and her husband , former President Bill Hillary Clinton . Jackie Evancho , a     singer best known from " America ’s Got Talent , " performed the national anthem . And six religious leaders chosen by Mr. Trump offered blessings . As Mr. Trump’s Roberts administered the oath of office , Mr. Trump rested his hand on two Mr. Trump’s his childhood Mr. Trump’s and the Lincoln Bible , Mr. Trump’s Mr. Obama also used . Mr. Trump recited the 35 words mandated by Mr. Trump’s : He then delivered his inaugural address . After they Mr. Trump’s review the Mr. Trump’s services Friday afternoon , Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence will lead a parade on Pennsylvania Avenue from the Capitol to the White House . A tradition since Thomas Jefferson ’s inauguration in 1801 , the parade is one of the inauguration ’s highlights a parade on Pennsylvania Avenue from the Capitol draws large crowds and TV viewers around the country . More than 8 , 000 people will march behind the president and vice president , according to the Presidential Inaugural Committee , including representatives of each branch of the American armed services , as well as high school , college and police bands that have volunteered to perform . This year ’s parade is expected to be considerably shorter   —    about 90 minutes   —    than those celebrating Mr. Trump ’s recent predecessors . It will also pass a certain conspicuous building that bears the name of the 45th president . Come nightfall , many of the inaugural revelers will dress in their best evening wear to attend balls across the capital   —    including some to galvanize resistance to Mr. Trump . All in all , the night should Mr. Trump than eight years ago , when the Obamas attended 10 official inaugural balls and supporters held scores of others . Mr. Trump will attend just three official balls himself . Two Mr. Trump , " Liberty " and " Freedom , " will take place at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center and are available to supporters who donated to his inauguration or purchased tickets . The third , the " Salute Mr. Trump Our Armed Services Ball , " will be at the National Building Museum for active duty and reserve military members , wounded veterans , emergency medical workers and Medal of Honor recipients . Mr. Trump will deliver remarks at all three balls and , as is customary , he will oblige the attendees with a ceremonial first dance with his Mr. Trump , Melania . Protesters are not unusual at an inauguration Mr. Trump but Mr. Trump ’s is expected to attract many more than usual . Mr. Trump officials said they were expecting 99 groups to carry out demonstrations of all sorts over Law enforcement officials inaugural period , including 63 on Friday . The largest event by far will be the Women ’s March on Washington , which is on Saturday and is expected to attract several hundred thousand people . Beginning with a rally at 10 a. m. at Independence Avenue and Third Street SW , near the Capitol , the march is intended to raise awareness about a variety of social issues the Women’s March ’s what you need to know . Other protests will be scattered throughout the city . Two of the largest are Inaugurate the Resistance and # DisruptJ20 . The New York Times has dozens of reporters around Washington and across the country providing live , comprehensive coverage of Inauguration Day online , on social media and in print . Here are some of the highlights : LIVE COVERAGE Get     reporting , photography and video from across Washington and around the country . LIVE CHAT Join Times journalists for updates and Washington beginning at the country m. THE INAUGURAL ADDRESS Find an annotation of Mr. Trump ’s inaugural address by our politics and policy reporters . WHO ’S WHO Senators , family and former presidents : See who stood on the inaugural platform alongside Mr. Trump . THE    Listen on Saturday to a special Inauguration Mr. Trump our political podcast . 360 VIDEO Step into Saturday heart of Washington with    videos from around the capital and the National the National Mall BALLS Flip through Washington of the official and nonofficial inaugural balls being held around Washington . MOBILE ALERTS Sign up for mobile news alerts about the day ’s most significant moments Washington nytimes . . SOCIAL MEDIA Follow us on Twitter at Twitter , on Instagram at @nytimes and on Snapchat at Snapchat (nytimes) . nytimes updates and live interviews on Facebook at facebook . . 
 