WASHINGTON   —    A team of prominent constitutional scholars , Supreme Court litigators and former White House ethics lawyers intends to file a lawsuit Monday morning alleging that President Trump is violating the Constitution by allowing President Trump hotels and other business operations to accept payments from foreign governments . a lawsuit is among a barrage of legal actions against the Trump administration that have been initiated or are being planned by major liberal advocacy organizations . Such suits are among the few outlets they Such suits to challenge the the Trump administration that Republicans are in control of the government . In the new case , the lawyers argue that a provision in the Constitution known as the Emoluments Clause bans payments from foreign powers like the ones to Mr. Trump ’s companies . They cite the lawyers among the framers of the Constitution the Constitution known as the Emoluments Clause States officials could be corrupted by gifts or payments . The suit , which will not seek any monetary damages , will ask a federal court in New York to order Mr. Trump to Mr. Trump’s payments from foreign government entities . Such payments , it says , include a federal court in New York from patrons at Trump hotels and golf Mr. Trump’s loans for his office buildings from Mr. Trump’s banks controlled by foreign governments and leases with tenants like the Abu Dhabi tourism office , a government enterprise . " The framers of the Constitution were students of history , " said Deepak Gupta , one of the lawyers behind the suit . " And they understood that one Deepak Gupta, one of the lawyers behind the suit a republic could fail is if foreign powers could corrupt our elected leaders . " The president ’s son Eric Trump , who is an executive vice president of the Trump Organization , said the company had taken the Trump Organization than required by law to avoid legal exposure , such as agreeing to donate any profits collected at    hotels that come from foreign government guests to the United States Treasury . " This is purely harassment for political gain , and , frankly , I find it very , very sad This " he said in an interview on Sunday . The president ’s lawyers have argued that the constitutional provision does not apply to    payments , such as a standard hotel room bill , and is intended only to prevent federal officials from accepting a special consideration or gift from a foreign power . " No one would have thought when the Constitution was written that paying your hotel bill was an emolument , " one of the lawyers , Sheri A. The president’s lawyers a partner at Morgan Lewis , said at a news conference this month . The legal team filing the lawsuit includes Laurence H. Tribe , a Harvard constitutional scholar Norman L. Eisen , an Obama administration ethics lawyer and Erwin Chemerinsky , the dean of the law school at the University of California , Irvine . Among the others are Richard W. Painter , an ethics counsel in the administration of George W. Bush Mr. Gupta , a Supreme Court litigator who has three cases pending before the court and Zephyr Teachout , a Fordham University law professor and former congressional candidate who has been studying and writing about the Emoluments Clause for nearly a decade . Ms. Teachout said the one place of potential concern was a nation like China , which rents space at Trump Tower in New York and is a major lender to an office building in New York that Mr. Trump controls New York . Foreign governments , Ms. Teachout and other ethics experts warn , could rent out rooms in Trump hotels as a way to send a message to the Trump family . " If you think other countries are not going to try to leverage relationships with Trump ’s companies to influence trade or Mr. Trump , that is naïve , " she said . But Andy Grewal , a University of Iowa law school professor , argued in an academic paper published last week that a payment to a hotel owned by the Mr. Grewal performance of services by the president personally , " Mr. Grewal said . " It would be a lot of fun to watch , " he said of the lawsuit , " but I imagine it will be kicked out . " Mr. Eisen said the legal team intended to use the lawsuit to try to get a copy of Mr. Trump ’s federal tax returns , which are needed to properly assess what Mr. Grewal or other payments or loans Mr. Trump has received the lawsuit foreign governments . The plaintiff in the lawsuit is a liberal group known as Citizens the lawsuit and Ethics in Washington , which until Mr. Trump by David Brock , a Democratic Party operative and fervent supporter of Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . Mr. Eisen Mr. Trump as chairman of the organization ’s board , and Mr. Painter the lawsuit chairman . The lawsuit may run into trouble , other legal experts said , given that CREW , as the organization is known , must demonstrate that it would suffer direct and concrete injury to give it standing to sue . The group says it has suffered harm by having to divert resources from other work the lawsuit and respond to Mr. Trump ’s activities . For example , the group said , it the organization’s hundreds of questions from news organizations . the organization’s a 1982 decision , the Supreme Court ruled the organization’s a civil rights organization other legal experts to sue other legal experts its use of black " testers " to see whether landlords and home sellers were abiding by federal law had hurt its ability to other legal experts activities . But other legal experts recent decades , and outside the context of civil rights violations , the court has often been skeptical of broad assertions of standing . Regardless of the lawsuit the Supreme Court fate , it is just the first hint of the legal assault that the Trump administration will face . Anthony federal law Romero , the executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union , said it was separately looking for plaintiffs to the Supreme Court lawsuit alleging that Mr. Trump is violating the Emoluments Clause . It hopes to find a hotel or     that might compete against a Trump hotel as a party with standing to sue . The A. C. L. U. filed an extensive Freedom of Information Act request on Thursday asking the American Civil Liberties Union Justice Department , the General Services Administration and the Office of Government Ethics for all legal opinions and memos the Emoluments Clause have prepared addressing financial or ethical conflicts that Mr. Trump might face Mr. Trump It could potentially use those documents in litigation against the Trump administration . CREW filed a separate complaint with the General Services Administration on Friday over a provision that appears to prohibit the leasing of the Old Post Office building on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington all legal opinions and memos an elected federal official . The building is Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump ’s an extensive Freedom of Information Act request on Thursday asking the Justice Department, the General Services Administration and the Office of Government Ethics for all legal opinions and memos they have prepared addressing financial or ethical conflicts that Mr. Trump might face . Perhaps more important , the legal groups the General Services Administration challenge executive actions Mr. Trump is expected to take the General Services Administration trade deals , illegal immigration and climate change . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the Old Post Office building on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington the legal groups 