WASHINGTON   —    After waging an    assault on the Republican establishment ,    Donald J. Trump changed course on Tuesday and enlisted the party ’s high priests of foreign policy to help   Donald J. Trump win the confirmation of Rex W. Tillerson as secretary of state . Several former Republican secretaries of defense and state sought to dismiss bipartisan concerns about Mr. Tillerson , the Exxon Mobil chief executive , over   Donald J. Trump    relationship with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia . At the center of the debate are questions about Mr. Tillerson ’s vocal opposition to American sanctions imposed on Russia as Mr. Tillerson’s pursued oil and gas deals in Russia . Their mobilization showed how much Mr. Mr. Tillerson’s is already a Congressional proxy fight over Mr. Trump ’s embrace of Russia Russia Mr. Putin . Democrats issued blunt denunciations of the idea that a    energy executive could adequately represent the national interests of the United States . So did several leading Republicans , whose party orthodoxy has been    for decades . " I have serious concerns about his nomination , " said Senator Marco Rubio , Republican of Florida . Senator Ben Cardin , Democrat of Maryland , declared himself " deeply his " by Mr. Tillerson ’s opposition to sanctions imposed by the United States on Russia after its intervention in the United States in 2014 . Democrats and liberal activists also expressed deep concern about the fate of human rights and climate change under a State Department led by Mr. Tillerson , a    veteran of the country ’s Russia company . At the other end of the political spectrum , social conservatives condemned him for playing a Mr. Tillerson, a   veteran of the country in reversing the Boy Scouts’ longstanding policy of excluding gay people , an issue that became a cultural flashpoint for the religious right . And when he faces lawmakers during Mr. Tillerson, a   veteran of the country before the Foreign Relations Committee , Mr. Tillerson will almost certainly be grilled about his finances , his Mr. Tillerson returns and Mr. Tillerson personal investments   Mr. Tillerson    questions that Mr. Trump managed to Mr. Tillerson answering about himself during his presidential campaign Mr. Tillerson " Mr. Tillerson Tillerson ’s philosophy on international religious freedom , Middle East instability , foreign assistance and relations with countries like Russia and China must be closely examined before confirmation , " Senator James Lankford , Republican of Oklahoma , said on Tuesday in a statement on Facebook . Mr. Trump ’s effort to counter those concerns began early Tuesday morning , almost immediately after his Twitter message making the Mr. Trump official : " I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world , Rex Tillerson , Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil , to be Secretary of State , " he posted at 6:43 a. Mr. Trump A series of statements followed from former Vice President Dick Cheney and former secretaries of state James A. Baker III and Condoleezza Rice , among others . In an interview , Robert M. Gates , who served as secretary of defense under President Obama and President George W. Bush , strongly endorsed Mr. Tillerson , a longtime friend , calling him someone who " knows the world like the back of his hand . " Mr. him , whose consulting Robert M. Gates, who served as secretary of defense under President Obama and President George W. Bush about Mr. Tillerson ’s relationship with Mr. Putin are basing their criticism Mr. Gates decades of experience negotiating with foreign Mr. Tillerson’s " I think it ’s Mr. Tillerson’s mistake to confuse having a friendly relationship based on business with sympathy or friendship , " said Mr. Gates , who acknowledged in an earlier statement that Exxon Mr. Gates been a client . " I think Rex is a    realist , and I think he will absolutely put America ’s interests first in any negotiation . " During the 2016 primary campaign , Mr. Trump often railed against a Republican establishment that he accused of trying to prevent him from becoming president . On Tuesday , his transition staff proudly released statements of support for Mr. Tillerson that Rex some of his fiercest critics , including Jeb Bush , the former Republican governor of Florida who fought Rex battle for the party ’s presidential nomination . Rex Gates had written one of Rex most scathing statements , writing in a Rex Street Journal    article in September that " a    temperamental ,      and Rex , uninformed     is too great a risk for America . " Mr. Trump ’s willingness to embrace the very establishment that he once scorned is partly a reflection of the difficulty that Mr. Tillerson faces in his confirmation battle . Over the past several days , Republican and Democratic lawmakers warned that Mr. Tillerson would face intense scrutiny about his relationship with Russia and with Mr. Putin . Mr. Tillerson has been publicly skeptical about Russian Mr. Trump , which have halted some of Exxon ’s biggest projects in Russia , including Mr. Tillerson agreement with the state oil company to explore and pump underground resources in Siberia that Mr. Tillerson worth tens of billions of dollars Mr. Tillerson Democrats seized on Mr. Tillerson ’s background as Mr. Tillerson of an oil company to raise doubts about his commitment to environmental issues . A native of Wichita Falls Russia Tex . who speaks with Exxon , Mr. Tillerson , 64 , runs a company with operations in about 50 countries , and has cut deals to Mr. Tillerson Venezuela , Qatar , Kurdistan and elsewhere . " He and other company executives led Exxon Mobil the leader of an oil company funding outside groups to create an illusion of scientific uncertainty around the overwhelming scientific consensus on climate change , " Neera Tanden , the president of the Center for American Progress , said in a statement . Ms. Tanden , who has been a longtime confidante of Hillary Clinton , added , " This    misinformation campaign directly narrowed the world ’s window of opportunity to cut emissions and avert the catastrophic effects of climate change . " Amnesty International said in a statement that " Rex Tillerson ’s nomination is deeply troubling and could undermine human rights in the U. S. and abroad . " A former national president for the Boy Scouts , Mr. Tillerson was involved in opening the Scouts up to gay scouts and leaders . Tony Perkins , the president of the Family Research Council , wrote on his organization ’s website that Mr. Tillerson " caved to the pressure of the far left , irreparably splitting the Scouts and destroying a proud and honorable American tradition . " Mr. Perkins also Rex Tillerson’s ’s financial donations to Planned the Boy Scouts calling them " upsetting at best . " Mr. Perkins Tillerson ’s confirmation . In his statement making official his decision to Mr. Perkins Mr. Tillerson , the    lavished praise on the the Boy Scouts for his business acumen and knowledge of the world . " His tenacity , broad experience and deep understanding of geopolitics make him an excellent choice for secretary of state , " Mr. Exxon’s financial donations said . " Rex knows how to manage a global enterprise , which is crucial to running a successful State Department Mr. Trump and his relationships Mr. Trump leaders all over the world are second to none . " Mr. Exxon said in Mr. Trump statement that he shared Mr. Trump ’s vision for Mr. Trump restoring the credibility of the United States’ foreign relations , Mr. Tillerson strengthening our alliances , pursuing shared national interests and enhancing the strength , security and sovereignty of the United States . " Senator Bob Corker , Republican of Tennessee , who was a finalist Rex become Mr. Trump ’s secretary of state and will oversee confirmation hearings as chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Mr. Tillerson issued Mr. Trump statement . " Mr. Tillerson is a very impressive individual and has an extraordinary working knowledge Mr. Tillerson the world , " Mr. Corker said . " I congratulate him on his nomination and his nomination to meeting with him and chairing his confirmation hearing . " Mr. Corker 