Join us for New York primary live updates . It may be Indiana or bust for Donald Trump . If the polls are right , Donald Trump will dominate in New York on Tuesday and in the coming races across the Eastern Seaboard . He Donald Trump win nearly all of the delegates at stake   —    keeping him Donald Trump a narrow path toward the Republican nomination . That would set him Donald Trump for what will probably be the most important test of the race : Indiana on May 3 . It may sound strange , but when you start gaming out the rest of the primary contest , it ’s hard to avoid the conclusion that his Donald Trump to reach a majority of delegates before the convention could all turn on Indiana Indiana If you divvy up the states by expected results , Mr. Trump wins big in the East and West Virginia , loses the     rural Western states , and earns his Mr. Trump share of proportional delegates in Washington , Oregon and New Mexico . That puts him Mr. Trump 175 delegates short of the required 1 , 237 . Only two real tossup states remain : California ( 172 delegates ) and Indiana ( 57 ) . You can see the basic issue : If he Only two real tossup states remain: California (172 delegates) and Indiana (57) n’t win Indiana , he Only two real tossup states remain: California (172 delegates) and Indiana (57) to sweep California California get some lucky breaks elsewhere , which is n’t realistic . He Only two real tossup states remain: California (172 delegates) and Indiana (57) need an upset in a state like Montana , in a region that has been hostile to him Only two real tossup states remain: California (172 delegates) and Indiana (57) But even though Indiana Indiana be pivotal   —    it Indiana its Indiana on a     basis by congressional district and statewide   —    the Indiana a big mystery because there has n’t been a single poll there . That ’s not just because of East Coast media bias ( although it may be part of it ) it ’s it tough state to poll . Indiana law prohibits automated polling , the    method for many    pollsters . The state Indiana have party registration , which makes it modestly more Indiana and costly for pollsters to conduct surveys of the voter registration file . Many of the prolific public pollsters employ the    dialing method , like Quinnipiac , and have no history in the state . Indiana that a few pollsters will ultimately field surveys , but there wo n’t be many . At first glance , the state looks as Indiana should be a good Indiana for Mr. Trump . It ’s a mostly    Indiana with    educational attainment among white voters , which has been a strong correlate for Trump support . He has Mr. Trump well in Mr. Trump along or near the Ohio River , including Illinois , Missouri and Kentucky . He lost Ohio , but Mr. Trump was John Kasich ’s home state . Mr. Trump also won Michigan Mr. Trump borders Indiana to the north . According to an Upshot demographic model of Mr. Trump ’s support , Indiana Mr. Trump tick beneath his national Indiana   —    he ’s Mr. Trump to win around 40 percent Mr. Trump the vote , compared with the 43 percent support he holds nationwide . It ’s not a Mr. Trump like Wisconsin , where Mr. Trump was in obvious danger . That Mr. Trump better educated than Indiana , it Indiana marriage rates , and it Indiana more Indiana with an ancestry rooted in predominantly Indiana countries in northwest Europe , all factors that have hurt Mr. Trump in prior contests . The problem for Mr. Trump is not that Indiana ’s a tough state Mr. Trump it ’s that it ’s Indiana better state for Ted Mr. Trump than The problem for Mr. Trump of the The problem for Mr. Trump liberal states in the Midwest . And it ’s a worse state for Mr. Kasich . A more consolidated The problem for Mr. Trump vote would give Mr. Cruz a far better chance of victory here than in Illinois Ted Cruz . The split between Mr. Cruz and Mr. Kasich is always tough to predict . But in general , the Mr. Kasich breaks along the lines of cultural liberalism and conservatism . Mr. Cruz does better ( and Mr. Kasich does worse ) in areas Ted Cruz evangelical Christians , more white Republicans Mr. Kasich people with postgraduate educations . Mr. Cruz also does better in areas that look more like the " traditional Ted Cruz Party   —    conservative areas with more families and married couples and people whose heritage is Protestant northwest Europe . Many of these factors have hurt Mr. Cruz in the blue states of the Midwest . He has often finished third Ted Cruz liberal places like the Detroit or Chicago metropolitan areas Ted Cruz It ’s also why he ’s poised to fare poorly in the Northeast . But Mr. Cruz has not had Ted Cruz problem in less liberal metropolitan areas in the Midwest , Ted Cruz Grand Rapids , Mich. Kansas City , Mo. and St. Louis , or in the Midwest in central Illinois like Springfield , Peoria , Bloomington or   . Mr. Kasich was no threat to Mr. Cruz in these areas , and indeed Mr. Cruz wound up beating Mr. Trump in most . The Indianapolis area is somewhat more like Milwaukee , St. Mr. Cruz Kansas City and Grand Rapids than Detroit or Chicago . Most obviously , the Indianapolis area   —    and the state of Indiana   —    is conservative and tends to vote Republican . That ’s underpinned by the demographic characteristics of the state : It ’s more evangelical , less educated and , in particular , has fewer people with postgraduate degrees . The tilt toward evangelicals and conservatism should allow Mr. Cruz to do better in Indiana than he did in Illinois or Michigan . It could be more like Missouri , which was almost a tie Indiana or Mr. Cruz Carolina , where Mr. Trump won by a slight margin . Mr. Trump also won by a slight margin in Illinois outside of the core of the Chicago metropolitan area . That Mr. Trump seem like a bleak precedent for Mr. Illinois . But the upside for him is that all of those contests occurred before Marco Rubio left the race . The results in Utah and Wisconsin suggest Mr. Cruz many of Mr. Rubio ’s remaining voters broke to Mr. Cruz . In Wisconsin , it was probably most of them . If the Marco Rubio out in Indiana , Mr. Cruz will probably win the state Wisconsin The Upshot ’s    model estimated many of Mr. Rubio’s remaining voters broke to Mr. Cruz the March 15 primaries that Mr. Trump would Mr. Cruz , 41 percent to 37 percent Wisconsin Mr. Cruz , with Mr. Kasich at 14 percent and Mr. Rubio at 8 percent . Mr. Cruz would then become a clear favorite Mr. Cruz —    similar to what happened in Wisconsin   —    if he won the Mr. Cruz Mr. Rubio ’s voters or benefited from a slide in Mr. Kasich ’s support . And indeed Mr. Cruz now has Mr. Cruz slight edge in the same demographic model Mr. Rubio for Mr. Cruz to 40 percent for Mr. Trump , with Mr. Cruz to Mr. Kasich , after adding the results from Arizona , Wisconsin and Utah and Mr. Cruz variable to account for the absence of Mr. Rubio . But the split between Mr. Cruz and Mr. Kasich’s in Indiana should be considered nothing more than a rough guess . The same approach estimated that Mr. Kasich would win 21 percent of the vote in Wisconsin in the end , he won just 14 percent and Mr. Cruz ran up the score . Mr. Cruz could easily gain at Mr. Kasich ’s expense again   —    especially if he receives    endorsements from trusted Mr. Kasich figures , the way he did in Wisconsin . But there ’s Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz . Mr. Mr. Kasich to post a series of relatively strong showings in the Mr. Cruz , which could give him new strength heading into Indiana Mr. Cruz Indiana Wisconsin abuts Mr. Kasich ’s home the Northeast Ohio Mr. Cruz Mr. Kasich help him as well . Mr. Ohio did a bit better in the southern part of Michigan and Mr. Kasich the northern part of Indiana , Indiana Mr. Kasich , Mr. Kasich have guessed from demographics alone . Ohio Michigan Mr. Kasich proves Mr. Kasich weak as Mr. Cruz hopes , Mr. Trump could still win . Mr. Trump figures to be around 40 Ted Cruz the vote   —    and if it ’s a Mr. Trump on the higher side of Mr. Trump which Mr. Kasich possible , it will probably be enough for him to beat even a relatively strong Mr. Cruz . The bottom line is that it ’s very hard to be confident about Indiana forecasts . My Mr. Trump is that we still would n’t be confident even if there were polls because it ’s hard to see a large advantage for any candidate . What ’s clear is that if Mr. Trump wins The bottom line , the drama continues on Indiana California California he does n’t , even California California wo n’t be enough for him to secure Mr. Trump by primary season ’s end . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 