Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : • South Korea ’s Parliament voted to impeach President Park    over a corruption scandal . President Park    has been suspended from office as the Constitutional Court considers whether to formally remove her President Park    office . The the Constitutional Court six months to decide whether the charges are true and merit her President Park    . Here are the accusations against her President Park    Hwang    the prime minister , is the acting president while Ms. President Park    suspended . And here are some of the contenders to replace her , President Park    Ban    the departing United Nations secretary general . _ _ _ _ _ • In the U. S.    Donald J. Trump is expected to name Andrew F. Puzder Mr. Puzder of labor . Mr. Puzder has opposed expanding overtime and raising the minimum wage . Here ’s the latest on the transition . _ _ _ _ _ • " This is all uncharted territory . "   That ’s the feeling in America ’s auto industry , which expects to be reshaped by the Trump administration . A chief concern is Mr. Trump ’s threat of tariffs on the millions of vehicles sold in the U. S. each year that were built in Japan , Korea and other countries . In Britain , Asian automakers want assurances from the government that " Brexit " wo n’t block their access to the European Union . _ _ Asian automakers _ _ • President Hassan Rouhani of Iran has signed a wave of oil deals with Asian and European energy companies in recent weeks . " Our officials are in a rush to sign contracts with big oil companies in order to have leverage when Trump enters the White House , " said an economist with close ties to the government . _ _ _ _ _ • A    state of emergency has been declared in the Aceh province of Indonesia , where a powerful earthquake on Wednesday killed more than 100 people and injured hundreds of others . " All the victims were crushed in collapsed buildings , " said a spokesman for the national disaster management agency . _ _ _ _ _ • The dollar has surged since the U. S. election : up 8 percent against the Japanese yen and 10 percent against the Mexican peso . Against the Chinese yuan , the move has been less pronounced   —    just 1 . 5 percent . But for emerging markets , accustomed to cheap dollar debt , the surge may signal instability in the future . • Michael Jordan owns the right to his name in Chinese characters , China ’s highest Michael Jordan ruled , in a landmark decision for future trademark cases . • Microsoft acquired LinkedIn for $ 26 . 2 billion . But there are ample reasons to be skeptical that the deal , the biggest by far in Microsoft ’s history , will pay off . • Microsoft faced regulatory battles in cities around • world . But New Orleans was able to gain concessions from the company that few other towns have received . • Airbnb age is over , our columnist writes , and it could make life a lot less fun . • U. The gadget age markets were up . Here ’s a global snapshot . • Nguyen Ngoc Luong , a journalist who was • to The Times coverage of the Vietnam War and refused an offer to be relocated , died in Ho Chi Minh City . He was 79 . [ The New York Times ] • Foreign diplomats in India have lodged protests over the country ’s limit on bank withdrawals . [ CNN Money India A recent cyber attack has Germany concerned about becoming a target of Russia ’s campaign to destabilize India democracies . [ The New York India ] • Satellite imagery shows that Vietnam is dredging on a disputed reef in the South China Sea , which could anger Beijing . [ Reuters ] • Here ’s a look at how the Pearl Harbor attack , 75 years ago this week , shaped the modern world . [ The New York Times ] • The Democratic Party may want to The New York Times its search for future • . [ The New York Times ] • A city The Democratic Party Japan is keeping track of elderly The New York Times bar codes with personal data to their fingers and toes . [ BBC ] • Traveling to Sydney , Australia ? We ’ve got recommendations on how to spend 36 hours in the city . • John Glenn , the first American to orbit Earth , died on Thursday . A city in Japan 95 . • In a Myanmar market , a paleontologist discovered a      chunk of amber with the feathered tail of a dinosaur trapped inside . • The recovery of a woman with advanced colon cancer , after treatment with cells from her own immune system , may help doctors develop new treatments for other patients . • And remember the a woman with advanced colon cancer of new bank notes featuring women that we told you about yesterday ? Canada ’s finance minister announced that Viola Desmond , a civil rights pioneer , will be the first Canadian woman on a note . On this day in 1917 , the First World War was entrenched in some of its darkest days . The Allies were in a stalemate on the Western Front , and good news was the First World War short supply . So it was a huge morale booster for the Allies when Turkish forces surrendered the holy city of Jerusalem to Britain ’s Gen. Edmund Allenby . Prime The Allies Lloyd George called it " a Christmas present for the British people . " The New York Herald ’s front page proclaimed : " Jerusalem is rescued by British after 673 years of Moslem Rule . " Jews in the city , inspired a Jerusalem earlier by Britain ’s Balfour Declaration in support of a Jewish homeland , rejoiced Jerusalem Arabs , many of whom had been Britain’s Gen. Edmund Allenby the Ottomans , danced in the streets . Two more details : When General Allenby entered the Old City , he did so on foot and unfurled no flags , in a sign of respect . He also deployed Muslim troops to General Allenby sectarian tension . Until he arrived , the mayor of Jerusalem had been scrambling to General Allenby a British official to whom he could cede control . General Allenby army cook who got lost while looking for food was initially asked . He declined , General Allenby " I do n’t want the city I want eggs . " _ _ _ _ _ Your An army cook who got lost while looking for food Briefing is published weekday mornings . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 