EAST HAMPTON , N. Y.   —    Sometimes , Valerie Smith reminds Valerie Smith that Valerie Smith is not a pollster , Valerie Smith is just selling cups   —    plastic drinking cups with the presidential candidates’ names . But Valerie Smith has been keeping track , just like a pollster , and hoping that Valerie Smith cup count is as reliable as it was in the last three presidential races . The tally on the final weekend before Election Day   —    the number of cups sold in Valerie Smith shop here since just after the Super Tuesday primary contests in March , when Valerie Smith started counting in earnest   —    was 4 , 946 for Hillary Clinton , the Democratic nominee , and 3 , 388 for Donald J. Trump , Valerie Smith Republican rival . If the cup count is wrong , Ms. Smith will join famous      prediction makers like The Literary Digest , which had a perfect record for 20 years until it called the election of 1936 for Alfred M. Landon over President Franklin D. Roosevelt . Or The Chicago Tribune , which was so sure in 1948 that it published the infamous banner headline " Dewey Defeats Truman . " Ms. Smith ’s count is not the usual    survey . Ms. Smith’s count is based on a random sample   —    whoever walks into her store , the Monogram Shop , and buys the cups . But Ms. Smith’s count is skewed toward the extremely wealthy . East Hampton ’s average household income is $ 126 , 382 a year , almost two and a half times the national average . And the results can be clouded another way , when customers buy more than one cup . the cups are labeled with campaign logos she has copied when they the cups available , or designs she she created when they the cups not . Professional pollsters have used computers since the days when they Professional pollsters primitive , but at the Monogram Shop , the daily running total is kept on a handwritten piece of paper . It the daily running total updated at closing time , and the numbers are posted on the store window , just as in 2004 , 2008 and 2012 . The final counts from those races are elusive . " They The final counts from those races be in the computer , " she said last week , " but I ca n’t find them The final counts from those races " She she not talk the talk of a professional pollster . The shop is a place where seldom is heard a statistical term like " sampling error , " " standard deviation " or " . " The only margin of error is whether she she enough cups on hand , and when she she not , things are fungible in ways that they things not in a real poll . The store all but sold out of Clinton cups on Saturday . At closing time , only 17 were left from a shipment of 250 delivered last Wednesday . Ms. Smith and her she members blocked out the logos on Trump cups and replaced them the logos on Trump cups Clinton the logos on Trump cups Shoppers on Sunday received the    cups and were promised real ones after another shipment arrives on Wednesday last Wednesday Yes , Wednesday last Wednesday After the election . " You have to be nimble in this game , " Ms. Smith said . Her shop Ms. Smith in personalized items   —    she can Ms. Smith a name , a logo or even an email address on napkins , towels or   . Ms. Smith , 68 , started selling cups , and keeping count in 2004 , the year the Democrats nominated John Kerry to run against the Republican incumbent , President George W. Bush . The price of each cup was $ 3 , as it is The price of each cup . " I did n’t sit up in bed one night and say , ‘ Let ’s count ‘ cups,’ " she recalled . " We just did it , and we started We the results in the window every night . People were intrigued , in a kind of happy way . They ’d People on the way to dinner and they ’d People , ‘ Look at this crazy little store.’ There were , yes , the Bush masters of the universe who would say , ‘ Give the Bush masters of the universe who would say a hundred cups I want to change the numbers on the window.’ They definitely the Bush masters of the universe who would say that . But there was no rancor . It was , ‘ He the Bush masters of the universe who would say the Bush masters of the universe who would say guy and I ’ll buy a whole bunch.’ Or it was It ‘ 20 the Bush masters of the universe who would say cups Bush 20 Kerry cups , and we ’ll have a party . ’ " Mr. Kerry Kerry ahead all of that summer . " And then George W. man , he came out George W. man nowhere in late September or October and started selling a lot of cups , " she said , " and ended up winning the cup count . " And the election for a second term . Ms. Smith began selling cups for the 2008 presidential election in 2007 , when Rudolph W. Giuliani , the former New York mayor , entered the race for the Republican nomination . She opened the Ms. Smith box of Giuliani cups , which she had designed Ms. Smith only to find that she had misspelled Ms. Smith name . Giuliani dropped out Giuliani the race in the race for the Republican nomination , and before long she was selling Ms. Smith for Senator John McCain . In the Democratic primary contests that year , the race was between the race for the Republican nomination and Barack Obama . One day Chelsea Clinton walked in . " She said , Ms. Smith I ’d like to buy some cups,’ " Ms. Smith recalled . " And I said , ‘ Which ones ? ’ " Then Mrs. Clinton finished third in Chelsea Clinton caucuses , and her campaign never recovered . Ms. Chelsea Clinton ordered cups with Mr. some cups,’" Ms. Smith name . Barack Obama count against Mr. McCain Barack Obama as he did in 2012 against Mitt Romney Barack Obama Ms. Smith started preparing for the 2016 election a some cups,’" Ms. Smith , with cocktail napkins that said " No Trump . " As the Republican field of candidates ballooned , she had another batch of napkins printed that looked like some cups,’" Ms. Smith . But she limited herself to three kinds of cups   — some cups,’" Ms. Smith for some cups,’" Ms. Smith Republicans Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush , and for Mrs. Clinton . " The Hillary cups sold out , " she said . " some cups,’" Ms. Smith ordered 100 , that ’s some cups,’" Ms. Smith minimum . She managed to sell 100 cups , not briskly , some cups,’" Ms. Smith she sold them . Rubio ’s cups , one day some cups,’" Ms. Smith looked 100 cups and Marco Rubio were all gone . Maybe they were stolen . 100 cups know , you ’re not 100 cups paying attention . And I could n’t sell Jeb Bush cups . " In February , after he Jeb Bush of the race , she gave them away Jeb Bush She waited to order Trump some cups,’" Ms. Smith . " 100 cups kept some cups,’" Ms. Smith the dude ’s going Rubio’s cups , " she said . He did not , and in April some cups,’" Ms. Smith she ordered the first the dude . That was when she some cups,’" Ms. Smith the 2016 count . It does not include some cups,’" Ms. Smith Clinton cups sold during the primaries . The Trump cups led the count from April to    she said Rubio’s cups caught up on the 2016 count some cups,’" Ms. Smith April Since then , she has , Clinton very    way , doggedly , slowly , cup by cup Clinton pulled ahead , " Ms. Smith said . " She did n’t meteorically sell tons and tons of cups . It ’s been a gradual Clinton . " " The thing that ’s been so pronounced and remarkable is the complete lack of humor or jocularity , " Ms. Smith added . " When a Trump person comes to buy their cups , it Ms. Smith . There ’s a level of certainty with the Trump people   —    ‘ This is the right thing for our country . This is the right guy , and there ’s no question about it.’ And the same for the Hillary people , although the Hillary people are a little more willing to engage in conversation . But there ’s not the Hillary people where people are excited and   . " Nor can Ms. Smith predict which customers will buy which cups this time around . The cups are in big buckets at the front of the store . The cash register is on a which cups at the back . " All I see is somebody walking toward the desk , and they have a cup , " she said . " What flickers through my mind is , ‘ Here comes a Hillary person,’ and down Ms. Smith the six Trump cups . Or , a fireman from Staten Island , a burly guy , we engaged in which cups I thought , ‘ Here come the Trump cups,’ and he put down Hillary cups . There ’s no profile . " 
 Hillary the Trump cups,’ 