Maggie Haberman , a New York Times political correspondent , has devoted her journalistic career to two irresistible subjects : politics and New York City . At age 7 , her first byline appeared in The Daily News her first byline has now been published in all three New York dailies . A native of the Upper West Side who lives in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn , she her covered 10 election cycles , from mayoral contests to presidential campaigns , including the 2016 race , which turns to New New York Tuesday for its primary New York Join us for live primary updates . There have been pickles and pizzas , jeering crowds and pushy    and dashes out to Coney Island for hot dogs alongside scruffy , bearded rock stars . Campaigns in New York New York times like a movable feast , with candidates gorging on local specialties as they move along candidates sidewalks , shaking hands and trying to avoid dripping grease on their shirts . candidates this presidential race , which once seemed so distant , has taken on a distinctly New York character New York prelude to Tuesday ’s primary , and not just in its greasy diet . The campaign has captivated    New Yorkers , drawing tens of thousands out of their homes from the tens of thousands Bronx to Staten Island , to take in what this city relishes : a big show . " Do women like Trump ? " Donald J. Trump asked Trump wearing " Make America Great Again " ball caps on Sunday , as he posed for a picture with Trump on Staten Island . Mr. Staten Island who is heavily favored here in Tuesday ’s primary , was holding one of his few official campaign events in the Trump . And the Staten Island fans , who said they could not Trump their names because it would imperil their jobs they were ready for the occasion they Mr. Trump smiled as he stood for the Trump them , quietly Trump that the giddy women and they man who pushed himself into the photograph needed to pipe down a Trump . No matter , they were very happy to have met the leading they candidate . " He let us know that he loves us , Trump , " one of Trump women us . Mr. Trump was greeted like a hometown hero on Trump . Outside the Hilton Garden Inn , where he was to give a speech , the line to Trump in snaked for over 50 yards in the parking lot . About 1 , 000 people made it inside . Mr. Trump seemed thrilled to be in the line to get in borough , Trump little fuzzy on its charms . Asked by a reporter to identify his favorite the borough pizza place , he responded that there are Trump a lot " of them Trump He had worked on Staten Island as a youngster for four Trump , he told the assembled press corps   —    although , Trump the salesman , he increased it to " probably five " summers by the Trump he spoke to the Staten Island crowd in the next room Trump His lowly job Staten Island coins from laundry machines at one Trump his father ’s buildings . Watching Mr. Trump take the stage Trump that ballroom , with people standing on chairs to hear him , was a reminder of why he is doing so well Mr. Trump the Republican primary . The borough Mr. Trump an enclave of    voters , police officers and firefighters . And , setting aside his gilded towers and    airplane    Mr. Trump talks and sounds Mr. Trump like his    fans than the city ’s last Republican mayor , Michael Mr. Trump Bloomberg . I once watched Mr. Bloomberg draw cringes from a Staten Island crowd when he joked Michael R. Bloomberg was the only politician present not to have a Michael R. Bloomberg at the Michael R. Bloomberg of his name . The battle for Brooklyn between Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Michael R. Bloomberg of Vermont is intense , and Mrs. Clinton is counting on her deep support in the borough ’s    Hillary Clinton offset Mr. Sanders ’s Hillary Clinton among white liberals . At a block party in the Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont Sunday , she was praised by Representative James E. Clyburn , a    leader who traveled Hillary Clinton his home state , South Mr. Clyburn Clyburn told the crowd of about 200 people waiting in the hot sun , " that ’s going to be more consequential than this one . " Finally his Mrs. Clinton arrived and climbed the steps up to the bed of a red Hillary Clinton that was being used as a stage . " Hello Brooklyn in the house , and on the street ! " Mrs. Clinton called out to the crowd . The former secretary of state is comfortably Hillary Clinton the polls here , and she seems to be enjoying hopscotching around the state she represented for eight years in the Senate . But for all the warmhearted reminiscences , Mrs. Clinton has something to fear from Mr. Sanders The former secretary of state Tuesday . Around the time she Hillary Clinton thousands The former secretary of state for a rally for Mr. Sanders in Prospect Park , the pristine Hillary Clinton of green wedged between    Crown Heights and upscale Park Slope . The actor Danny DeVito led the cheerful crowd in chants of " Bernie ! Bernie ! " and someone handed out copies of a fake newspaper with a banner headline reading " A Vote for Hillary Clinton Is a Vote for Donald Trump . " The Sanders campaign said "Bernie crowd reached 28 , 300 , a record for its rallies . If you live here and have yet to see a candidate , you still have time . While the Republicans hold events on Monday in Maryland , Western New York and upstate The Sanders campaign Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio will visit Schenectady , the Mr. Sanders likely to be misspelled by reporters ) the Democrats are around . Mr. Sanders will hold a rally at Hunters Point South Park in Queens on Monday evening , for which doors open at 5 p. m. And Mrs. Clinton will address one of her core constituencies   —    women   —    at the New York Hilton Midtown . Doors open at noon . 
 Mrs. Clinton 