Donald J. Trump ’s support among white men , the linchpin of Donald J. Trump presidential campaign , is showing surprising signs of weakness that could foreclose Donald J. Trump only remaining path to victory in November . If not reversed , the trend could materialize into one of the most unanticipated developments of the 2016 presidential campaign : That Hillary Clinton , the first woman at the head of a major party ticket and a divisive figure unpopular with many men , ends up narrowing the gender gap that has been a constant of American presidential elections for decades . Surveys of voters nationwide and in battleground states conducted over the last two weeks showed that Mr. Trump was even with or below where Mitt Romney , the Republican Party nominee four years ago , was with white men when Mr. Trump won that demographic by an overwhelming 27 percentage points . For Mr. Trump , who has staked much of Mr. Trump legitimacy as a candidate on Mr. Trump strength in the polls , the numbers are a dose of cold , dangerous math . If Mr. Trump does not perform any better than Mr. Romney did with white men , Mr. Romney will almost certainly be unable to rally the millions of disaffected white voters Mr. Romney says will propel Mr. Romney to the White House . All along , one of the central questions of the election has been whether there are enough white men who will turn out to vote to lift Mr. Trump to victory . And there may be enough , demographers and pollsters said . But for now it appears that after a ceaseless stream of provocations , insults and reckless remarks , Mr. Trump has damaged himself Mr. Trump with the one demographic that stands as a bulwark to a Clinton presidency . " If you set out to design a strategy to produce the lowest popular vote possible in the new American electorate of 2016 , you would be    to do a better job than Donald Mr. Trump , " said Whit Ayres , a pollster who has advised Republican presidential and Senate candidates for more than 25 years . " This is an electoral disaster waiting to happen . " There are still nearly three months before Election Day , ample time to shift the dynamics of the race . But the question that Republicans inside and outside the Trump campaign Mr. Trump asking is whether or not the damage Mr. Trump Mr. Trump himself over the Mr. Trump few weeks is irreparable . Interviews with voters found that Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump behavior was rubbing many in his key voting bloc Mr. Trump wrong way . " I liked Trump until he opened Mr. Trump mouth Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump Phil Kinney , a Mr. Kinney attacks Mr. Trump has unleashed Mr. Trump his criticism of the family Mr. Trump a Muslim soldier killed in Iraq , left Mr. Kinney disappointed . Faced with the choice of voting for Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Kinney said he may just stay home . Two national polls conducted this month have Mrs. Clinton catching Mr. Kinney Mr. Trump Mr. Kinney men over all . An NBC    Street Journal poll shows Mrs. Mrs. Clinton 43 percent support among men to his 42 percent . A Bloomberg Politics survey put Mr. Trump with Mrs. Clinton lead among men , according to the pollster Mr. Trump conducted the survey , Ann Selzer . Mr. Mr. Trump on his    edge among white men to carry the male vote over all , but Mr. Trump is even Mr. Trump on them because Mr. Trump how poorly he performs with nonwhite voters . If Mr. Trump is only doing Mr. Trump or worse than Mr. Romney did the male vote white men , he Mr. Trump never make up the votes he Mr. Trump among women and nonwhites . Mr. Trump ’s troubles Mr. Trump men do not end there . Mr. Trump data reveal a huge gap in Mr. Trump who have a college education and those Mr. Trump not . As Mr. Trump saw in the Republican primaries , he is most vulnerable with white men who have a college education or higher . Mr. Romney won that group Mr. Trump votes at a higher rate than those Mr. Trump college degrees , by 21 points . Recent national polls have put Mr. Trump Mr. Trump with them far lower . " We ’re looking at a margin among    white men for him that ’s less than half what Romney won Mr. Trump Gary Langer , an Recent national polls pollster who conducted an ABC    Post survey this month that showed Mr. Trump losing Mr. Trump all to Mrs. Clinton . " Mr. Trump that is problematic for Trump given his need to appeal to whites . " Mr. Trump ’s difficulties with men are Mr. Trump a larger vulnerability : disapproval that runs deeply through many segments and subgroups of Mr. Trump voting Mr. Trump .    Republicans , white women , Mr. Trump and    people of all races are turning their backs on him . Two national polls have recently put his support from    at an astonishing 1 percent . Separate Wall Street      surveys in Ohio and Pennsylvania from July found that Republicans, white women, the wealthy and   people of all races percent of black voters said they planned to vote for him . The latest poll of Latinos , conducted within the last week by Fox News , had Mr. Trump with just 20 percent support , below the 27 zero percent of black voters that Mr. Romney received him 2012 . Even under the rosiest projections of white turnout , Mr. Trump would still lose the popular vote if his poll numbers among whites do not improve considerably . him Frey , a demographics expert with the Brookings Institution , a nonpartisan think tank Mr. Trump several simulations that tried to determine how much Mr. Trump turnout among white men without college educations would have to increase for Mr. Trump to win . He used the most recent ABC    Post poll of registered voters that had Mrs. Clinton beating Mr. Trump in a nationwide    race , 50 percent to 42 percent . Mr. Trump among the better polls Mr. Trump Mr. Trump lately . Mr. Frey tested different turnout assumptions , including improbably optimistic ones , Mr. Trump 99 percent of white ,     men turned out to vote . None of the chain of events produced a Mr. Trump . In fact , even if virtually all of the white ,     men eligible to vote did so , Mr. Frey found , Mrs. Clinton would still win the popular vote by 1 . 1 million Mr. Trump And Mr. Frey said he did not account for the expected growth in Hispanic turnout . " Once you build that Mr. Frey " he said , " it ’s even worse for Trump . " By not appealing more broadly Mr. Frey Hispanics and Mr. Frey minority groups , Mr. Trump is precariously reliant on a segment of the population that is a shrinking portion Mr. Frey the electorate . White voters were 88 percent of the electorate in the 1980 election , a figure that has declined a few percentage Trump four years since then . By 2012 , the white vote was down to 72 percent . Most estimates for 2016 put it at or below 70 percent . And if Mr. Trump keeps alienating more of them like Gary Williams , a lifelong Republican and    owner from Lexington , Tenn. his base will continue to shrink . " He cusses in front of women and children and everybody else . He Trump a Christian . Everything about him makes me sick , " Mr. Williams said in an interview . He plans Trump vote for Mrs. Clinton or Gary Johnson Trump the Libertarian Party candidate . An especially worrisome problem for Mr. Trump lies in some of the white , Trump    states he hopes to Trump play , like Ohio . Mr. Trump is nearly tied there with Mrs. Clinton among men , with 42 percent to her 41 percent , according to an NBC    Street    poll conducted the first week of August Trump Illustrating just how much Mr. Trump ’s deterioration with Mr. Trump him in an electoral hole , Mr. Romney won men in Ohio by seven percentage Mrs. Clinton four years ago . But that was still not enough . President Obama won the state , capturing 51 percent of the Mr. Trump Mr. Romney ’s 48 percent . Mr. Trump Mr. Romney Ohio 