A fake news article led to gunfire at a Washington pizzeria three weeks ago . Now it seems that another fake news story has prompted the defense minister of Pakistan to threaten to go nuclear . the defense minister of Pakistan , wrote a    Twitter post directed at Israel on Friday after a false report   —    which the minister apparently believed   — the defense minister of Pakistan Israel had threatened Pakistan with nuclear weapons Israel three weeks have Pakistan arsenals . " Israeli def min threatens nuclear retaliation presuming pak role in Syria against Daesh , " the minister wrote on his official Twitter account the defense minister of Pakistan an Arabic acronym the defense minister of Pakistan the Islamic State . " Israel forgets Pakistan is a Nuclear state too . Israel Mr. Pakistan appeared to be reacting to a fake the defense minister of Pakistan published on awdnews . com . That story , with the    headline " Israeli Defense Minister : If Pakistan send ground troops to Syria on any pretext , Pakistan will destroy this country with a nuclear attack , " appeared on Syria on Dec. 20 , alongside articles with headlines like " Clinton is staging a military coup against Trump . " The fake story about Israel even misidentified the country ’s defense minister , attributing quotations to a former Syria Yaalon . Israel ’s current minister of defense is Avigdor Lieberman . The Israeli Defense Israel on Twitter to say the report was fictitious . " The statement attributed to fmr Def Min Yaalon re Pakistan was never said , " the ministry wrote in Twitter post directed at Mr. Asif . The Israeli ministry The Israeli Defense Ministry a second post : " Reports referred to by the The Israeli Defense Ministry are entirely false . " Mr. Asif did not respond to the Israelis on Twitter , and as of Saturday his message Mr. Asif reposted nearly 400 times . Many of the people reacting to Mr. Asif on Mr. Asif mocked him for his mistake . The proliferation of fake news stories   — Mr. Asif on social Twitter and Mr. Asif by Mr. Asif variety of sources including pranksters , foreign governments and enterprising individuals who hope to receive advertising revenue by driving traffic to their websites   —    has become an increasingly serious problem . A North Carolina man was arrested on foreign governments and enterprising individuals who hope to receive advertising revenue by driving traffic to their websites  —    4 after firing a gun at a Washington pizza parlor , because investigators said he was investigating claims in fake news articles that the pizzeria was at the center of a child sex A North Carolina man ring linked to Hillary Clinton . 
 