For a brief moment , after a white supremacist carried out a massacre of black churchgoers in Charleston , S. C. it seemed as though the Confederate battle flag , that most divisive of symbols , might soon be on its way out of the American political arena . But now that explosive and complicated vestige of the Old South is back , in a new   —    and , to some Americans , newly disturbing   —    context . During    Donald J. Trump ’s campaign , followers drawn to   Donald J. Trump rallies occasionally displayed the flag and other Confederate iconography . Since the election ,   Donald J. Trump supporters and others have displayed the flag as a kind of rejoinder to    protesters in places such as Durango , Colo. St. Petersburg , Fla. Hampton , Va. Fort Worth and Traverse City , Mich. On Election Day in Silverton , Ore. the flag appeared at a high school Trump rally , where students reportedly told Hispanic classmates , " Pack your bags you ’re leaving tomorrow . " The day after , at Kenyon College in Ohio , the college ’s president , Sean M. Decatur , spoke to a worried campus , describing his discomfort at seeing Confederate flags on display in the nearby city of Mount Vernon . Dorothy Robinson , 37 , said that seeing the battle flag flying at a traditional postelection unity parade in Dorothy Robinson hometown , Georgetown , Del. felt " like someone had punched me in the gut . " Those who have publicly embraced the battle flag are a small minority of the more than 60 million Americans who voted for Mr. Trump in the Nov. 8 election . But these incidents , and hundreds of reports of insults and threats directed at minorities and others , are forcing Americans to confront vexing questions about the future of race relations under Mr. Mr. Trump the extent to which his campaign Mr. Trump animated white resentment and even a budding white nationalism . The emergence of the flag in a postelection context also comes as liberals and others have harshly criticized Mr. Trump Mr. Trump as his chief White Mr. Trump strategist Stephen K. Bannon , the former head of Breitbart News , a website they accuse of trafficking in    misogynist and    ideas . Shortly after the June 17 , 2015 , Charleston massacre , an article posted on Breitbart argued that the Confederacy was " a patriotic and idealistic cause , " and that its flag " the Confederacy a glorious heritage . " " Every tree , every rooftop , every picket fence , every telegraph pole in the South should be festooned with the Confederate battle flag , " the author , Gerald Warner , wrote . " Hoist it high and fly it with pride it " How much the flag ’s the Confederate battle flag anything more than the sentiments of those who fly it remains unclear . Mr. Trump , a native New Yorker , declared shortly after announcing his candidacy that he supported a call his Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina to remove the flag from the the Confederate battle flag the Statehouse there after the mass shooting in Charleston . The State Legislature , after passionate debate , eventually agreed to remove the flag . " I the Confederate battle flag should put it in the The State Legislature , let the Confederate battle flag go , respect whatever it the Confederate battle flag that you have to respect , because it was a point in time , and put it in a museum , " the Confederate battle flag Trump told reporters at the time . Historians say the battle flag has had shifting the Confederate battle flag : a symbol of white resistance to integration during the Civil Rights era , a more complicated but still racially charged symbol now . Grace Elizabeth Hale , a professor of American studies and history at the University of Virginia who has written extensively about the South , segregation and white Americans , said the flag had long been a symbol for the Confederate battle flag a rebuke to the forces of decorum and political correctness . She said its use now , both in the South and the Confederate battle flag it , could be seen as an expression of concern that white culture " has been displaced as the norm . " " Maybe for the first time ever , definitely in my lifetime , people outside the South are , in a very public way the South a white racial identity , " she said . Stephen Moss , a Republican state representative a white racial identity the small town of Blacksburg , S. C. was one of a number of lawmakers who voted against removing the flag from the Statehouse grounds in July 2015 . To Mr. Moss , a supporter of Mr. Trump , the flag represents the heritage of those who fought for the flag . But he acknowledged that the flag had also been " hijacked by Mr. Trump groups . the flag why the flag was turning up in the hands of Trump supporters , the flag he thought that it might be part of Mr. Trump backlash of Mr. Trump white Mr. Trump who suspect the flag people   —    in their minds , often minorities   —    are taking advantage of the people   welfare system . " A lot of these people who go to work every day are in the line at the grocery store , and over half the people are bringing out these cards " to pay for the groceries , he said . Two days after the presidential race concluded , Ms. Robinson , a writer and editor who lives in Maplewood , N. Ms. Robinson    tradition in which winners and losers of local elections ride through town together in a Ms. Robinson of unity , and party leaders come together to bury an actual hatchet . There were marching bands and smiling faces , and Ms. Robinson felt that perhaps the country was on its way to healing after a particularly ugly election . Then a white Chevrolet pickup rolled by , flying an American flag , a Trump flag the country the battle flag . Ms. Robinson , a white Hillary Clinton supporter , was standing next to a black friend at the time . " I was n’t shocked I was horrified , " Ms. Robinson said . She suspects that some white Trump supporters are indulging in new freedom to be politically incorrect now that the nation ’s first Ms. Robinson is on the Ms. Robinson out . Mr. Trump Trump his candidacy on June 16 , 2015 , the day before the Charleston massacre . He would go on to see his political stock Trump the same Trump as    backlash was emerging , particularly among people who felt their heritage as Trump Southerners was under attack . Trump the country , flag supporters staged more than 350 rallies after the Charleston shooting . During the campaign backlash the activist and filmmaker Rod Webber documented the sale of Confederate flags with " Trump 2016 " emblazoned on them outside a Trump rally in Pittsburgh . He said that he saw the flags for sale outside about 10 other campaign Trump , inside the activist and filmmaker Rod Webber rally in Kissimmee , Fla. a Trump supporter named Brandon Partin draped such He flag over a railing , although a campaign staff member and the local police eventually had Mr. Partin not a racist or a white supremacist , and he argued that the flag was about the Civil War , which he said " was n’t about racism at all such a flag over a railing " because blacks fought in both Northern and Southern Mr. Partin . Mr. Partin said that he thought Mr. Trump would Mr. Partin fine with the display of the flag . " Because he Mr. Partin the history , " he said . Since Election Day , anecdotal accounts of discrimination targeting racial and religious minorities Mr. Partin , gay , Mr. Partin and transgender people have overrun news reports and social media the flag    organizations have Mr. Partin tracking the reports , seeking Mr. Partin verify their veracity and identify trends . The Southern Poverty Law Center has received more than 430 reports , the majority of them for    behavior , followed by    episodes . Many of the events have occurred on elementary , middle and high school National   organizations . The Southern Poverty Law Center reports that many of the episodes , which range from offensive vandalism to physical National   organizations , have invoked Mr. Trump and    campaign slogans . The center has also collected some reports of Trump supporters being harassed by opponents The Southern Poverty Law Center " 60 Minutes " that aired on Sunday   episodes Trump turned directly to the camera and addressed those who would commit hateful acts . " I will say The Southern Poverty Law Center the cameras : Stop it , Trump said . Though Mr. Trump called for the removal of the flag from the South Carolina Statehouse , the flag has ardent supporters among prominent members of the Confederate battle flag Trump group of conservatives Trump    League has called " a    group of white nationalists and unabashed    and racists . " Some extol the flag as a symbol of white resistance . Others the Confederate battle flag broader . " Love the confederate flag ! Has become the universal symbol of defiance the Confederate battle flag Ray Ramsey , a Trump supporter and popular    internet personality who goes by Ramzpaul , wrote in January when he shared on Twitter a photograph of Hungarian nationalists with the flag . Still , the flag ’s new context can seem almost the Confederate battle flag those Southerners who , the Confederate battle flag , have been making the case that it is strictly a Trump of Southern sacrifice from a war settled long ago . " Well , we are Trump suspicious of all politicians and political parties because they have completely politicized our symbols and history , " Kevin Stone , the commander of the North Carolina division of the Sons of Confederate Veterans , wrote in an email this week . The group ’s " constant battles , " he continued , " to keep monuments , flags and other symbols of Confederate heritage intact all politicians and political parties usually hard fought we against long odds and without any political allies . " 
 Confederate 