Donald J. Trump proudly acknowledges Donald J. Trump did not pay a dime in federal income taxes for years on end . Donald J. Trump insists Donald J. Trump merely exploited tax loopholes legally available to any billionaire   —    loopholes Donald J. Trump says Hillary Clinton failed to close during Hillary Clinton years in the United States Senate . " Why did n’t Hillary Clinton ever try to change those laws so I could n’t use those laws ? " Mr. Trump asked during a campaign rally last month . But newly obtained documents show that in the early 1990s , as Mr. Trump scrambled to stave off financial ruin , Mr. Trump avoided reporting hundreds of millions of dollars in taxable income by using a tax avoidance maneuver so legally dubious his Mr. Trump lawyers advised him Mr. Trump the Internal Revenue Service would most likely declare it the Internal Revenue Service if he Mr. Trump audited . Thanks to this one maneuver , which was later outlawed by Congress , Mr. Mr. Trump escaped paying tens of millions of dollars in federal personal income taxes . It is impossible to know for sure because Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to release his tax returns Mr. Trump or even a summary of his returns , Mr. Trump a practice followed by every Republican and Democratic presidential candidate for more than four decades . Tax experts who reviewed the newly obtained documents for The New York Times said Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump maneuver , conjured from ambiguous provisions of highly technical tax court rulings , clearly pushed the edge of the envelope of what tax laws permitted at the time . " Whatever loophole existed was not ‘ exploited’ here , but stretched beyond any recognition , " said Steven M. Rosenthal , a senior fellow at the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center who helped draft tax legislation in the early 1990s . Moreover , the tax experts said the maneuver trampled a core tenet of American tax policy by conferring enormous tax benefits on Mr. Trump for losing vast amounts of other people ’s money   —    in this case , money investors and banks had entrusted to him to build a Mr. Trump empire in Atlantic City . As that empire floundered in a casino empire in Atlantic City 1990s , Mr. Trump pressured his Mr. Trump to forgive Mr. Trump of millions of dollars in debt he could not repay . Mr. Trump the cancellation of so much debt gave new life to Mr. Trump ’s casinos , Mr. Trump potentially crippling problem with the the cancellation of so much debt gave new life to Mr. Trump’s casinos Revenue Service . In the eyes of the I. R. S. a dollar of canceled debt is the same as a dollar of taxable income . This meant Mr. Trump faced the painful prospect of Mr. Trump report the hundreds of millions of dollars of canceled debt as if it were hundreds of millions of dollars of taxable This . But Mr. Trump ’s audacious    maneuver gave him Mr. Trump to simply avoid reporting any of Mr. Trump canceled debt to the I. R. S. " He ’s getting something for absolutely nothing , " Mr. Trump L. Buckley , who served as the chief of staff for Congress ’s Joint Committee on Taxation in 1993 and 1994 , said in an interview . The new documents , which include correspondence from Mr. Trump ’s tax lawyers and bond offering disclosure statements , might also help explain how Mr. Trump reported a staggering loss of $ 916 million Mr. Trump’s 1995 tax returns , portions of which were first published Mr. Trump’s The Times last month . United States tax laws allowed Mr. Trump to use that $ 916 million loss to cancel Mr. Trump’s equivalent amount of taxable income . But tax experts have been debating how Mr. Trump could have legally declared a deduction of that magnitude at Mr. Trump’s Among other things , they have noted that Mr. Trump ’s huge casino losses should have been tax experts by the hundreds Mr. Trump’s of dollars in taxable income he surely must have reported to the I. R. S. in the form of Mr. Trump’s casino debt . By avoiding reporting his canceled casino debt in the first place , however , Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s 916 million deduction would not have been reduced by hundreds Mr. Trump’s of dollars . He could have preserved the deduction and used it instead to avoid paying income taxes Mr. Trump’s might otherwise have $916 million deduction books , TV $916 million deduction or branding deals . Under Mr. Trump’s rules in effect in 1995 , the $ 916 million loss could have been used to wipe out more than $ 50 million a year in taxable income for 18 years . Mr. Trump declined to comment for this article . " Your email suggests either a fundamental misunderstanding or an intentional misreading of the law , " Hope Hicks , Mr. Trump ’s spokeswoman , said in a statement . " Your thesis is a criticism Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump , but of all taxpayers who take the time and spend the money to try to Mr. Trump the dizzyingly complex and ambiguous tax laws without paying more tax than they owe . Mr. Trump does not think that taxpayers should file returns that resolve all doubt in favor the dizzyingly complex and ambiguous tax laws the I. Mr. Trump And any tax experts that you have consulted are engaged in pure speculation . There is no news here . " Mr. Trump financed his three Atlantic City gambling resorts with $ 1 . 3 billion in debt , most of Mr. Trump the form Mr. Trump high interest junk bonds . By late 1990 , after months of escalating operating losses , New Jersey casino regulators were warning that " a complete financial collapse of the Trump Organization was not out of the question . " By 1992 , all Mr. Trump of millions of dollars in debt to salvage at least part of their investment . The story of how Mr. Trump sidestepped a potentially ruinous tax bill from that forgiven debt emerged from documents recently discovered by The Times during a search of the casino bankruptcy filings all three casinos The documents offer only a partial description of events , and none of Mr. Trump ’s tax lawyers agreed to be interviewed for this article . At the time , Mr. Trump would have been documents recently discovered by The Times during a search of the casino bankruptcy filings pay tens of millions of dollars in taxes . According to Mr. Trump his financial stability by New Jersey casino regulators , there were times in the early 1990s Mr. Trump Trump had no more than a few million dollars in his various bank accounts . He was so strapped Mr. Trump cash that his creditors were apoplectic when they learned that Mr. Trump had bought Marla Maples Mr. Trump ring estimated to be worth $ 250 , 000 . Mr. Trump is unclear who first Mr. Trump a way for Mr. Trump to Mr. Trump a huge tax bill . his creditors the Mr. Trump he used was essentially a new twist on a contentious strategy corporations had been using for years to avoid taxes created by canceled debt . The Mr. Trump known among tax practitioners as a "    swap , " relies Mr. Trump mathematical sleight of hand . Say a company can repay only $ 60 million of a $ 100 million bank loan . If the bank forgives the remaining $ 40 million , the company faces a large tax bill because it will have to report that canceled $ 40 million debt as taxable income . Clever tax lawyers found a way around this inconvenience . The company would simply swap stock for the a company million in debt it could not repay a company This way , it would look as if the entire $ 100 million loan had been repaid , and presto : There would be a company bill due for $ 40 million in canceled debt . Best of a company , it did not matter if the This way market value of the stock was considerably less than the $ 40 million in canceled debt . ( Stock in an effectively insolvent company could easily be next to worthless . ) Even in the opaque This way rarefied world of gaming impenetrable tax regulations , this particular maneuver was about as close as a company could get to waving a magic wand and making taxes disappear . Alarmed by the obvious potential for abuse , Congress and the I. R. S. made repeated efforts during the 1980s to curb this brand of tax wizardry before banning its use by corporations altogether in 1993 . But while policy makers were busy trying to stop corporations from using this particular ploy , the endlessly creative club of elite tax advisers was inventing a new way to circumvent the ban , this this brand of tax wizardry through the use of partnerships . This was the twist that was especially beneficial to Mr. Trump . Wealthy families like the Trumps often own real estate and other assets through partnerships rather than corporations . Mr. Trump , for example , owned all three of his Atlantic City casinos through partnerships , an arrangement that allowed casino profits to flow directly to his personal tax returns when times were good . But what if times were bad ? Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s casino partnerships could not repay hundreds Mr. Trump millions of dollars they owed to bondholders ? And what if the bondholders were persuaded to Mr. Trump this debt ? Would n’t that force the partnerships   —    i. e. Mr. Trump   Mr. Trump report hundreds of millions of dollars of taxable income in the form Mr. Trump’s casino partnerships canceled debt ? Enter the tax advisers bondholders audacious plan : Why not eliminate all that taxable income from canceled debt by swapping " partnership equity Mr. Trump in exactly the same way corporations had been swapping company stock for debt ? True enough , the I. R. S. and Congress had clearly signaled their disapproval of the basic concept the I. R. S. , who was the I. R. S. commissioner under George Bush , recalled in an interview that the I. R. S. frowned on partnership     swaps for the same reason it objected to corporate     the I. R. S. fiction is that the partnership interest the I. R. S. and Congress the same value as the debt , " he said . Lee A. Sheppard , a contributing editor to Tax Notes , wrote in 1991 that trying to find a legal justification for this tactic was akin to proving the I. R. S. frowned on partnership    swaps for the same reason it objected to corporate    swaps the existence of the Loch Ness monster . " On the campaign trail , Mr. Trump boasts of his mastery of tax loopholes Fred T. Goldberg, who was the I. R. S. commissioner under George Bush claims no other candidate for the White House has ever known more about the tax code . This background , he argues with evident disgust , gives him special insight into the way wealthy elites buy Mr. Trump and hire    Mr. Trump and accountants to rig the tax system   —    just as , he claims , they rig elections . That insight was on display Mr. Trump 1991 and 1992 when he was Mr. Trump the groundwork to make a    tax bill disappear . Before proceeding with his plan , Mr. Trump did what most prudent taxpayers do : He sought Mr. Trump formal tax opinion letter . Such letters , typically written by wealthy elites paid lawyers who special insight into the way wealthy elites buy off politicians and hire   lawyers and accountants to rig the tax system  —    mastering the roughly 10 , 000 pages Mr. Trump    statutes that make up the United Mr. Trump tax code , can provide important protection to taxpayers . As long as a tax adviser blesses a particular tax strategy in a formal opinion letter , the taxpayer most likely will not face penalties even if the I. R. S. ultimately rules the strategy was improper the I. R. S. in tax opinion letters has a specialized meaning understood by all tax professionals . So , for example , when a tax lawyer writes that a shelter is " more likely than not " going to be approved by the I. R. S. this means there is at least a 51 percent chance the shelter will withstand scrutiny . ( This is known the I. R. S. L. T. N. " letter in the vernacular of tax lawyers . ) A " should " letter means there is about a 75 percent chance the I. R. S. will not object . The gold standard , a " will " letter , means the I. R. S. is a shelter certain the I. R. S. avoidance strategy . But this opinion letters Mr. Trump received from his tax lawyers at Willkie Farr   the I. R. S. the gold standard . The letters bluntly warned that there was no statute , regulation or judicial opinion that explicitly permitted Mr. Trump ’s tax Mr. Trump " Due to Mr. Trump lack of definitive judicial or administrative authority , " his lawyers wrote , " substantial uncertainties exist with respect to many of the tax consequences of the plan . " One Mr. Trump pages long , analyzed seven distinct components of Mr. Trump ’s proposed tax maneuver . It found only " substantial authority " for six of the components . In the stilted language of tax opinion letters , the phrase " substantial authority " is a red flag that the his tax lawyers at Willkie Farr   Mr. Trump R. S. can be expected to rule against the taxpayer roughly    of his plan . In other words , Mr. Trump ’s tax lawyers were telling him there were at the I. R. S. the I. R. S. would probably cry 25 pages if he were audited . In anticipation of that possibility , the lawyers even laid out a fallback plan that would have allowed Mr. Mr. Trump spread the the I. R. S. tax hit over Mr. Trump years if the I. R. S. ultimately balked . It is unclear whether the I. R. Mr. Trump ever challenged Mr. Trump ’s use of this specific tax maneuver . According to a financial disclosure statement prepared by Mr. Mr. Trump accountants the I. R. S. audit by the tax authorities as of 1993 , only the I. R. S. avoided reporting hundreds of millions of dollars the lawyers income because of this legally suspect tactic . But Mr. Trump of that audit are unknown , and the agency declined to comment on Monday . Regardless of Mr. Trump R. S. objected , Mr. Trump Trump ’s tax avoidance in this case violated a central principle of American tax law Mr. Trump said Mr. Buckley , the former chief of staff for Congress ’s Joint Committee on Taxation , who later served as chief the I. R. S. on the House Ways and Means Committee . " He deducted somebody else ’s losses , " Mr. Buckley said . Mr. Trump , Mr. Buckley meant that only the bondholders who forgave Mr. Trump ’s unpaid casino debts should have been allowed to use those losses to offset future income and reduce their taxes . That Mr. Trump used the same losses to reduce his taxes ultimately increases the tax burden Congress else Mr. Buckley 1993 to ban     swaps by corporations , it acted in 2004 to ban     Mr. Trump partnerships . Among the members of Congress Mr. Trump voted to finally close the loophole : Senator Hillary Clinton of New York . 
 Mr. Trump Congress Congress Mr. Buckley Mr. Buckley Mr. Buckley only the bondholders who forgave Mr. Trump’s unpaid casino debts Just as Congress acted in 1993 to ban    swaps by corporations 