NACO , Ariz.   —    John Ladd has two old pickups John Ladd uses to bang around John Ladd ranch , which rambles for 10 miles beside the Mexico line . One ’s a red Chevy that not long ago carried the body of yet another border crosser who had died on John Ladd property . The other is a blue Dodge with better shocks , and that ’s what John Ladd is driving now , along an unpaved road in an unincorporated place called Naco . To John Ladd immediate right , cattle roam the mesquite and grass of John Ladd family ’s    ranch . To John Ladd left , a     set of interlocking fences slices into the distance , this one 12 feet high , this one 18 feet high , this one a metal mesh , this one a vertical grille , section after section after section . Mr. Ladd , 61 , looks and acts the way a rancher is expected to , with brush mustache , hard squint and     affect , all kept tight under a    cowboy hat . Bouncing westward , John Ladd points to spots where fencing had been peeled in the past like an upturned can of Spam . In the last four years , John Ladd says , more than 50 vehicles have rumbled through fence cuts and across John Ladd property . What is the protocol when you encounter armed drug smugglers driving on your land ? " You pull over and say , ‘ Adiós,’ " Mr. Ladd says . " You do n’t get in their way , because their ’ll kill you . " Here is one aspect of everyday life along the southern border , where national demarcations are blurred by the supply and demand for what the United States continues to crave : drugs and cheap labor . The attendant casualties include human rights , property rights , civil discourse and the security of sovereignty . But is the Great Wall of Trump , as proposed by the Republican candidate for president , the solution to the problems of ranchers like Mr. Ladd ? If pixie dust sprinkled into the dry earth could make all the    obstacles disappear , beginning with the    cost , would a concrete divide constructed to Donald J. Trump ’s aesthetics ( " beautiful , " with " a big beautiful door " ) and    specifications ( 25 feet high ! 35 feet high ! ! 55 feet high ! ! ! ) serve its intended purpose ? The answer heard time and again from Mr. Ladd and others along the border is a weary no . " The wall ? " says Larry Dietrich , a local rancher . " I mean , The wall ’s silly . " But what if this beautiful wall   —    and " wall " is the term used in the Republican Party platform   —    had a foundation deep enough to discourage tunneling ? What if the beautiful concrete panels were designed to thwart climbing over or plowing through ? And what if it stretched for hundreds of miles , it beauty interrupted only by rugged , virtually impassable terrain ? " It is n’t going to work , " Mr. Ladd says . Ed Ashurst , 65 , an outspoken rancher who manages land about 20 miles from the border , is more assertive , but Ed Ashurst, 65, an outspoken rancher who manages land about 20 miles from the border needs to address something else first . " I ’ll be straight up with Ed Ashurst, 65, an outspoken rancher who manages land about 20 miles from the border , " Ed Ashurst, 65, an outspoken rancher who manages land about 20 miles from the border says with a scowl . " If Hillary Clinton gets elected , I ’m moving to Australia . " Time will tell whether the Arizona rancher is forced to blend into the Outback , but the Arizona rancher assessment of Mr. Trump ’s plan is just as succinct . " To say you ’re going to build a wall from Brownsville to San Diego ? " the Arizona rancher says . " That is the most idiotic thing I ’ve ever heard . And it ’s not going to change anything . " The solution favored among ranchers is infused with a fatalism that nothing will change   —    government being government , and the cartels always one step ahead   —    so why bother . But here it goes : Intensive ,     patrols along the border are required for a fence or wall to work otherwise , those determined to cross will always find a way . But , those determined to cross argue , if you have boots on the ground , you will have no need for anything so beautiful as the Great Wall of Trump . It is easy , from a distance , to dismiss the ranchers along the border as    Chicken Littles whose complaints hint of racism . Too easy , in fact . Ranchers will say they Ranchers people with backpacks trekking across their Ranchers last week , last night , early this morning . Some will say they Some grudging agreements of access with drug cartels , as long as trespassers stay far from their Some . Dogs bark , motion lights flicker , things go missing . The unnerving has become everyday life , Mr. Ashurst says , and then he Mr. Ashurst my colleague and me where we live . Metropolitan New York , we we . Nice , Mr. Mr. Ashurst , still scowling . " But how would you like it ? " he asks Mr. Ashurst referring to the     parade of strangers , some armed , past his door Mr. Ashurst " Do you think you ’re more important than the poor moron who has the misfortune to live along the border ? " True , the overall number of migrants has plummeted in the last 15 years or so . Here , in what the Border Patrol categorizes as the Tucson sector   —    about 90 , 000 square miles , with 262 miles of border   —    there were 63 , 397 arrests in the 2015 fiscal year , compared with 10 times that in the 2001 fiscal year . Paul Beeson Mr. Beeson the drop to an increase in officers and tactical equipment , an improvement in the Mexican economy , and the fencing erected along the border about a decade ago . But Mr. Ladd and other ranchers say there has been an unsettling swap : fewer migrants , but many more drug traffickers . Mr. Beeson acknowledges the change in demographics , and the challenge in facing an adversary with comparable intelligence and surveillance abilities . " They do n’t have to move their product today , " he says of the cartels . " They They move it tomorrow . Mr. Beeson can sit and watch , and They do that their product Watching us They Watching us watching them . " They he says the Border Patrol continues to us its They tactical infrastructure " Mr. Beeson —    higher resolution cameras , for the Border Patrol , and an increased use of drones . " It ’s unacceptable to us that folks along the border should be experiencing this type of activity us " Mr. Beeson says . " We ’re doing all we can . " It is telling , though us that Mr. Ladd us used to carry a gun or a cellphone . That changed six years ago , when his friend Robert Krentz Jr. known to help people no matter their nationality Mr. Ladd was shot to death on his family ’s ranch after people his brother that he had come upon his friend Robert Krentz Jr. migrant in distress . His his friend Robert Krentz Jr. murder caused his friend Robert Krentz Jr. national outcry , and it led to state his friend Robert Krentz Jr. intended to crack down on illegal immigration . His unsolved murder also prompted Mr. Ladd ’s wife to demand that he carry a His unsolved murder and a his friend Robert Krentz Jr. , really , what is a his friend Robert Krentz Jr. going to do ? About 100 miles northeast of Naco , in a New Mexico dot called Animas , a few people gathered recently to sip iced tea and discuss where things stand . The Elbrocks   —    Tricia and Ed   —    set the tone by recalling how drug smugglers kidnapped one of their ranch hands a few months ago . According to the Elbrocks , the smugglers drug smugglers to kill his family , loaded his pickup with packs of marijuana drug smugglers him and the drugs 75 miles to the his town of Willcox . Then they tied his up and abandoned him and the truck the next morning . A spokesman drug smugglers the his B. I. in his said the kidnapping remained under investigation . Ms. Elbrock , " He ’s in counseling . " The fear , the frustration , the sense of being forsaken   —    it can be exhausting Ms. Elbrock " Nothing seems to work , because we keep buying what they bring to sell , " said Crystal Foreman Brown , 62 , an artist and the host of this    chat . " But Trump ’s fence issue at least brings up the issue that there is an issue . For officials in Washington to act like we ’re being silly and hysterical   —    it ’s kind of inconceivable . " Back in Naco , Mr. Ladd continues his    ride between Mexico and his ranch , along a    road called the Roosevelt Easement . His family has been in Naco Mr. Ladd more than a century   Mr. Ladd    before there was a Naco , in fact . Some Mr. Ladd the name comes from Naco the last two letters of Arizona and Mexico , but Mr. Ladd Naco n’t so sure . Naco is a drowsy dog of a place that seems not to have benefited much from being a sanctioned port of entry to Mexico Naco Adding to the stillness is a collection of abandoned barracks , built a century ago for American troops who chased after the Mexico revolutionary Pancho Villa after he attacked the New Mexico town of Columbus . They never caught him . Mr. Ladd says his the Arizona town of Willcox citizenship   —    but Mr. Ladd seen more border sorrow than joy . Over the years , Mr. Ladd says Mr. Ladd bodies His family Mr. Ladd trying to get someplace else have been found on Ladd property . The last was in September . A party of six got Mr. Ladd in flooding five were rescued , and the body of the sixth was found several days Mr. Ladd . Mr. Ladd waited for the authorities , but it was getting dark . So he moved the man ’s body in his red pickup to Route 92 , where a funeral Mr. Ladd custody . He recalls the event in that same measured way that underscores Mr. Ladd common the body of the sixth the border Mr. Ladd Rumbling west along the rutted road , Mr. Ladd points to his left Mr. Ladd , referring to the cartels , says , " This is where they cut the wall down the cartels trucks through . " He is like an Mr. Ladd denizen who has Mr. Ladd the history of the permanent exhibits , commenting on the changing fence designs as he drives , noting the insignia of the military units who Mr. Ladd some of them on behalf of the Department of Homeland Security . The truck stops suddenly . the cartels Well lookee there , " Mr. Ladd Ladd says , pointing to his right . " I got the truck fence . " Snipped again , and Lord knows how many times his cows have wandered off as a result . The Mr. Ladd work gloves over his rough Mr. Ladd and reaches for a ball of blue    string . Soon he is the Arizona rancher together what has been broken , as gunmetal Lord clouds move east from the Huachuca Mountains and the wind whistles through the mesh divide . 
 