The words " Madonna " and " concert " hardly conjure images of an intimate gathering , but on the eve of Election Day in the heart of Greenwich Village , that is what a few hundred people got . On Monday evening , Madonna announced online a surprise concert in Washington Square Park in Manhattan with just enough time for fans to drop their forks , reroute their their and arrive to see her Madonna onstage in a bomber jacket with fluorescent green sleeves and a winter hat sprinkled with stars . Madonna stood in the middle of the round fountain at the center of the square , holding a red guitar and pledging her Madonna for the Democratic presidential nominee . She Madonna everyone to " a surprise , impromptu rally for Hillary Rodham Clinton . " And the crowd , which had been huddled around the edges of the the round fountain leapt to its feet the round fountain She Madonna broke into her Madonna " Express Yourself , " modifying the lyrics to say , " Make her Madonna herself Madonna " The Material Girl ’s message was decidedly feminist and    J. Trump , the Republican nominee . " Women are marginalized , let ’s face it , " Madonna said The Material Girl’s songs . " As far as I ’m concerned , we still live in an extremely chauvinist , sexist , misogynist country . And that ’s why Hillary Clinton needs to be president . " The show was just five songs long : Madonna ’s The Material Girl’s " Express Yourself , " " Like a Prayer " and " Do n’t Tell Me " as well as " Imagine " and a    of " If I Had a Hammer " and her " The Material Girl’s Heart . " It was mainly a singalong , in the folk music tradition of the Village . People held signs , shouted " I ’m with her " and appeared to know all of the words . Those in attendance included unsuspecting tourists in the right place at the right time ,    New Yorkers who had gotten texts while leaving work and volunteers for Mrs. Clinton , many of them young leaving work and volunteers for Mrs. Clinton , who had spent the day calling and texting voters in battleground states . There were also some super fans . " I literally stalked this for 48 hours , " said David Yontef , 46 , who lives in Chelsea and works in advertising . For more than a day , he said David Yontef, 46, who lives in Chelsea and works in advertising there had been false leads on the location of the secret concert . " I was going to hop on a train to Philly then it seemed like it might it in Michigan   —    I was refreshing the browser every 10 minutes , " he said David Yontef, 46, who lives in Chelsea and works in advertising " Then suddenly at 7 p. m. they said 7:30 here . We left they on the table , threw money on the table the table in a cab . This is history . This is Madonna This and she ’s trying Madonna get the first woman in the White House . " Was he satisfied with the show ? " Oh my God , " he said , he it was everything . " 
 