PUEBLO , Colo.   —    After obliging a request for a selfie from a woman in the lobby , Bill Clinton left Bill Clinton hotel here on Friday and rode to Bill Clinton rally , where Bill Clinton made the case that Bill Clinton cared more about restoring jobs to forgotten workers than Donald J. Trump did . Mr. Bill Clinton that his wife Bill Clinton things done , as evidenced by " a lady in a hotel lobby right here . " " I said , ‘ Who do you think we ought his wife got things done, as evidenced by "a lady in a hotel lobby right here elect ? ’ " Mr. Clinton Bill Clinton supposedly recounting his conversation with Bill Clinton woman . " She said , the woman You do n’t have to ask me that . I ’m from Belfast . I remember what she did to the woman make the peace in Northern Ireland . ’ " It was Mr. Clinton , not his wife , who played a major role in brokering a peace accord . And the woman in the lobby , Lorraine Gordon , who immigrated from Belfast and is Belfast an American citizen , never said those things . Like so many white Americans who adored Mr. Clinton but despise his wife , Mr. Clinton Gordon and her husband have already cast their ballots for his wife, Ms. Gordon and her husband Trump . " I do n’t trust Hillary , " said Ms. Gordon , 57 , who added that she resented illegal Hillary because she went through Hillary long and expensive naturalization process . Her husband , Hillary , 62 , an engineer , added that " there ’ll be more jobs " with Mr. Trump in Mr. Trump , Mr. Clinton has done nearly 500 public events , a good deal of them designed to capture the affection white    voters had for him and then transfer it to Mr. Clinton Clinton . But    happens Mr. Clinton the demographic that constitutes Mr. Trump ’s base . Indeed Mr. Trump who was arguably the greatest political mind of his era has become something of a peripheral player the man who was arguably the greatest political mind of his era even within his wife ’s campaign . He has spent much the man who was arguably the greatest political mind of his era his time seeking support the man who was arguably the greatest political mind of his era the Democratic margins among the man who was arguably the greatest political mind of his era white voters he refuses to believe have abandoned him   — the man who was arguably the greatest political mind of his era and his wife   — the man who was arguably the greatest political mind of his era for good . " the man who was arguably the greatest political mind of his era took a leave of absence from normal politics because , you know , they went a long time without a raise , They Mr. Clinton explained in a brief ,    interview with a reporter in the hotel lobby . " So that ’s cyclical . " Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign managers and pollsters , aided Mr. Clinton models and experience in the elections of 2008 and 2012 , have shifted their focus away from the " Bubba " voters and to Mrs. Clinton’s campaign managers and pollsters, aided by sophisticated data models and experience in the elections of 2008 and 2012 winning Obama coalition of    young progressives and Hispanics who are powering Mrs. Clinton . And while members of his campaign say they Mr. Clinton imagine a more valuable political spouse to have , members of his campaign interviews as well as hacked emails released by WikiLeaks , Mr. Clinton has sometimes come off as an old master struggling to Mr. Clinton the new program . According to two advisers to the Clintons , who declined to be identified because they were describing internal conversations , Mr. Clinton has at times doubted the two advisers to the Clintons, who declined to be identified because they were describing internal conversations approach of her campaign manager Mr. Clinton Mook , and has required mollifying assurances from senior Mr. Clinton members . Sometimes    staff members , or one of his numerous Democratic allies in the country , have gone to Mr. Clinton to    about decisions being made by Mrs. Clinton ’s top campaign Mr. Clinton causing irritation all around . One of the Mr. Clinton said Mr. Clinton feared that her primary opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont Mr. Clinton would commit Mr. Clinton in the Iowa Mr. Clinton by busing college students into the state , and urged the campaign to divert valuable energy away from organizing and onto defense Vermont tricks . Mr. Clinton saw his wife ’s coming blowout loss in New Hampshire , where his unexpectedly strong Mr. Clinton 1992 helped Mr. Clinton him to the nomination , as a crisis that desperately Mr. Clinton to be staved off , despite polling Mr. Clinton showed Mrs. Clinton would quickly rebound as the race moved to more diverse states . " He still thinks Mr. Clinton should be spending more time in     —    earlier in January , " Mr. Clinton chief of staff emailed Mr. Mook last December . Mr. Clinton ’s travel schedule , while robust , Mr. Clinton operated on a second tier , with Clinton surrogates Mr. Clinton Obama and his wife , Michelle , Mr. Sanders and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts appearing in the most prime locations . At Mr. Clinton , the campaign even seems to prefer him off the radar . Before Mrs. Clinton ’s debate with Mr. Sanders in October 2015 in Nevada , Jake Sullivan Mr. Clinton Mrs. Clinton ’s top policy aide Clinton to an email from Huma Abedin , her top personal aide , confirming that Mr. Clinton be joining his wife on the plane to Las Vegas with the words , Clinton This is not a positive development Clinton Asked about Mr. Clinton Clinton role and standing in the campaign , his aides said his trips to Massachusetts and Missouri , both of which Mrs. Clinton Clinton in the primaries , were based on his feedback Clinton that the Clinton ’s data showed Mr. Clinton was decisive in delivering Clinton And Mr. Mook said Mr. Clinton has been nothing but Clinton . " He the campaign integral part Clinton campaign throughout , " said Mr. Mook in a statement . Clinton or twice a day I ’m able to Clinton his feedback and advice , and I could the campaign more grateful to have someone Mr. Mook at once a mentor , a political junkie and a brilliant tactician Clinton our campaign . " Mr. Clinton acknowledged that he was glad the campaign was finally drawing to a close but added , " I ’m having a good time , as you the campaign " But it Clinton not always seemed like much fun the campaign of Mr. Clinton ’s closest allies said he had been demoralized by an election that had resuscitated talk of his sexual affairs , alleged and the campaign . He has generally stuck Clinton script but sometimes unintentionally causes Clinton , as when he met with Loretta Lynch , the attorney Clinton , on a tarmac in Phoenix , Clinton encounter Mr. Trump has used to accuse Ms. Lynch of rigging the State Department Clinton investigation for Mrs. Clinton . In a January email , Mr. Clinton ’s press secretary , Angel Ureña , let Mrs. Clinton ’s staff know that one trip by Mr. Clinton to New Hampshire had resulted in no such drama : " Fair to say we did n’t break anything . " And on the trail , Mrs. Clinton can show , with drifting sentences coming out Mrs. Clinton dried mouth . At a rally at the New Belgium brewery in Fort Collins , Fair where a propeller plane with the words " Go Trump " Mrs. Clinton under its wings buzzed overhead , Mr. Clinton relayed how he had told hurting coal miners who disliked his wife , " You guys did well when I was president , let ’s come in and talk . " But his few applause lines came Mrs. Clinton mentioned the Black Mrs. Clinton Matter movement and Mr. Sanders , and Mrs. Clinton he doled out progressive red meat about free college . In a Denver coal miners who disliked his wife , Mr. Clinton made his case under Mrs. Clinton giant disco ball . Brooke Mrs. Clinton , 24 , said she was impressed , but found his attention Mrs. Clinton the white working classes " a dying   . " Still , she said Mrs. Clinton He ’s Mrs. Clinton there . " And yet when Mr. Clinton returns to form , he Brooke McReynolds something to behold . At Mrs. Clinton Pueblo rally , Mr. Clinton had the crowd    as he lamented Mr. Trump Brooke McReynolds degradation of politics Mrs. Clinton ( " It looks more like reality TV Mrs. Clinton n’t do anything to change Mrs. Clinton . ") He got them laughing Mrs. Clinton he told men Mrs. Clinton a female president to get over Mrs. Clinton because when women work on weekends , " We ’ll have more time to watch football . " And a hush fell over the crowd when Mrs. Clinton Clinton the crowd    inside the Mrs. Clinton of the white voters who had left his family to support Mr. Trump . " Look , his base the crowd    where I grew up . I was born in Arkansas to a mother of    lineage , Mrs. Clinton Clinton said . These were good , trustworthy people , he said Mrs. Clinton " but always Mr. Trump we have been manipulated Mrs. Clinton scoundrels . " Mr. Trump , he Clinton followed in Mr. Trump line of Mr. Trump who " just   Clinton    rub   —    salt   —    in our wounds . " A white    man standing beside his young son in the back shouted the refrain often heard at Mr. Trump ’s rallies : " Lock that bitch up . " Mr. Clinton continued as if he had not heard a thing . 
 we Clinton Mr. Trump 