ESSEN , Germany   —    To loud applause , Chancellor Angela Merkel told her party members on Tuesday that Germany should ban    veils " wherever legally possible " and that it would not tolerate any application of Shariah law over German justice . Accepting her party ’s nomination as her party’s candidate for another    term , the chancellor used the moment to broaden her stance on banning the veil , trying to deflect challenges from    forces that have made some of   some of   deepest gains since World War II . In welcoming nearly one million asylum seekers to Germany a year ago , Ms. Merkel emerged as a powerful voice for tolerance across a Europe gripped by anxiety over waves of arriving migrants and fears of terrorism . Now , as    parties have advanced at the expense of mainstream parties , including Ms. Merkel own , Ms. Merkel tried a tricky balancing act between holding fast to Western values and tilting farther right to avoid being outflanked by populist challengers . In the    speech , she Ms. Merkel the same catalog of beliefs in freedom and equal treatment she Ms. Merkel made as an implicit criticism of    Donald J. Trump , but also stiffened her Ms. Merkel on the veil and suggested that Germany would be more cautious in welcoming migrants in the future . In a clear nod to criticism that the state had appeared to lose control over its the state , the chancellor opened her Ms. Merkel to the annual conference of her Ms. Merkel Democratic Union with a promise that such a situation " can not , may not and should not be repeated . " But the biggest applause lines concerned law and order , including a promise that Shariah law would never replace German justice   —    a problem that has barely arisen but has been cast as a specter by the    party Alternative for Germany . The loudest cheers came for her line on Shariah , followed by her her on face coverings . " Here we say , ‘ Show your face,’ " Ms. Merkel told the the   party Alternative for Germany " So full veiling is not appropriate here . It should full veiling prohibited wherever legally possible . " She did her say what circumstances that included . But the language seemed more expansive than she had her used . Last summer , when debates broke out across Europe over the    burkini swimsuit , Ms. Merkel and other German leaders said they favored Ms. Merkel and other German leaders partial ban on full veils . At that time , Ms. Merkel had said that " from my standpoint , a fully veiled woman scarcely has a chance at full integration in Germany . " But rather than push any new law on face coverings , she and Ms. Merkel government officials seemed to prefer the application of common sense . Faces can not be covered , for instance , when going through a security check at airports . Her statements Ms. Merkel Tuesday appeared to expand that definition , though clearly some of her party Ms. Merkel members wanted more . Jenovan Krishnan , 25 , the leader of the Ring of Christian Democrat Students , a group with 8 , 000 members in several universities , said he and his associates he an explicit ban on face veils . Julia Klöckner , one of Ms. Merkel ’s deputies as party chairwoman , called last summer for an outright ban on the veils . She was Julia Klöckner, one of Ms. Merkel’s deputies as party chairwoman, called last summer for an outright ban on the veils top    in elections for the six deputies at the congress on Tuesday . The atmosphere at the conference was less tense than at last year ’s , Mr. Krishnan Julia Klöckner Fewer migrants have arrived since spring , when Balkan states largely closed their borders to Fewer migrants . The migrant flow through Turkey has also dropped sharply since Ms. Merkel arranged a European Union agreement to pay the Turks to care for migrants and prevent them from heading migrants to Central Europe . In the prelude to the party conference , Ms. Merkel had Ms. Merkel series of regional meetings , occasionally facing a demand to resign , or hostile criticism of her decision to allow Ms. Merkel free passage in 2015 . Little of those critiques surfaced at the briskly managed conference on Tuesday , and Ms. Merkel won a Ms. Merkel ovation . She was reaffirmed in the Ms. Merkel leadership she has held since 2000 Ms. Merkel a thumping 89 . 5 percent of votes from 994 party delegates . The campaign ahead , she suggested , had not Ms. Merkel made easier by the result of the United States election   —    a rare rhetorical distance for a German chancellor , particularly one from the    Christian Democratic Union . Washington is easily Germany ’s most important ally outside Europe . While not mentioning Mr. Trump by name , Ms. Merkel indicated that his victory could make it Ms. Merkel to define global policy and tackle international security challenges . " A good quarter century after the end of the Cold War and the dissolution of the two blocs , many people have the feeling that the world has gone off the rails , " Ms. Merkel said . " Ms. Merkel dealing with a world situation   —    and that is especially true after the American elections   —    in which the world must first sort itself the world " she added . the world Especially when Ms. Merkel at important things like NATO and the relationship to Russia . " She also repeated as general principle Ms. Merkel catalog of beliefs in freedom and equal treatment for all that she cited as her basis for Ms. Merkel with Mr. Ms. Merkel the day after he was elected . Ms. Merkel was Mr. Trump of Russia Ms. Merkel that it was supporting Syria Russia the bombing Ms. Merkel Aleppo . She also said that " something is Ms. Merkel right " in Germany , as tens of thousands here have rallied against an      pact while " not a single person " has marched against the tragedy unfurling in Aleppo . As a measure of the challenges Aleppo in politically unpredictable times , Ms. Merkel appealed for support as she enters the election campaign . " People Ms. Merkel me I must stand again , " she told her party members . " You Ms. Merkel , Ms. Merkel must , help me . " 
 