( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Floodwaters have begun to recede in Louisiana , where at least 13 people are dead , tens of thousands more have been displaced and 40 , 000 homes are damaged . These photos and maps show the scale of the disaster . Emergency officials and ordinary citizens are going     to offer help , 1 , 000 Red Cross workers joined aid efforts and shelters were packed . " The sheltering effort is actually greater than what we saw for Hurricane Katrina , " a local official near Baton Rouge said . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Donald Trump shook up Donald Trump campaign with moves that suggest Donald Trump intends to stick with Donald Trump aggressive style . Donald Trump brought in a combative media executive as campaign manager : Stephen Bannon , from the conservative website Breitbart News . Paul Manafort , whose efforts to shift Donald Trump to a more presidential tone were hobbled by concerns over his Donald Trump business dealings in Ukraine , retains the title of campaign chairman . Mr. Donald Trump received his first Donald Trump briefing , at the F. B. I. ’s Manhattan field office and held his own Donald Trump security roundtable , above , at Trump Tower . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Hillary Clinton flew to Cleveland to offer a granular critique of Mr. Trump Donald Trump and promised to shift more of the tax burden upward . " We ’re going to tax the wealthy who have made all of the income gains in the last 15 years , " she said . " Hillary Clinton    corporations , Wall Street , they ’re going to The   corporations, Wall Street to invest in education , in skills training , in infrastructure . " Our election model currently gauges Mrs. Clinton ’s likelihood Hillary Clinton at 88 percent to Mr. Trump ’s 12 percent . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . U. S. intelligence agencies are scrambling to determine if the National Security Agency was hacked , after    code used to break into foreign systems showed up on websites this week . Edward Snowden tweeted from exile in Moscow that Russia was a likely suspect , and that the disclosures might be intended to " influence the calculus of    wondering how sharply to respond to the DNC hacks . " Here ’s what we know about the cyberattacks on Democratic officials . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . At the Rio Olympics , the host country , Brazil , goes for a fourth gold tonight ( 11 p. m. Eastern , NBC ) with the beach volleyball team above , pictured after beating the U. S. in the semifinal . The U. S. women ’s water polo team advanced to the final after beating Hungary . Check out our interactive on just how brutal the sport can be . The Brazilian authorities found evidence contradicting parts of Ryan Lochte ’s account of a gunpoint robbery and pulled two U. S. swimmers , Jack Conger and Gunnar Bentz , off their flights home . Mr. two U. S. swimmers, Jack Conger and Gunnar Bentz had already left Ryan Lochte . And several boxing referees and judges were barred from Olympic service a day after an Irish bantamweight , Michael Conlan , raged over losing a fight that he , and the crowd , Michael Conlan he had won . _ _ Ryan Lochte _ _ 6 . France ’s battle over the burkini swept in a top government official . Prime Minister Manuel Valls said the    swimsuit worn by Muslim women reflected the " enslavement of women . " But Muslim women , reacting to bans by several mayors , have complained to community groups that they are being singled out , Muslim women their choice of swimwear is now Muslim women dividing line in France ’s increasingly fraught relationship with its Muslim population , Europe ’s a dividing line in France . France , with its determinedly secular France , already France    veils in public and headscarves in schools . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . A team of researchers at the University of Chicago cast light on one of the big puzzles in evolution . They found a surprising biological link A team of researchers at the University of Chicago the fin and the human hand , in the form of genes that tell a clump of embryonic cells to end up at the far end of an appendage . " Honestly , you could have knocked me over with a feather , " one scientist said . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . A wildfire near San Bernardino , Calif. " hit hard , it hit fast , it hit A wildfire near San Bernardino, Calif. " an intensity that A wildfire near San Bernardino, Calif. " have n’t seen before , " the county fire chief said . High winds , high temperatures and low humidity in the state ’s fifth year of drought drove the flames to flare from five acres to 30 , 000 in less than 24 hours . Officials ordered the evacuation of about 82 , 000 residents in an estimated 34 , 500 homes . Experts say wildfires are getting bigger and more destructive . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . The latest headlines about " The Birth of a Nation , " the slavery revolt film due in 1 , 500 theaters on Oct. 7 , are not about its chances to prevent another # OscarsSoWhite debacle . Instead , the attention is on details of a     rape case involving Nate Parker , the film ’s writer , director and star . Vitriol has poured out on social media , and in Los Angeles , promotional posters of Mr. Parker as Nat Turner were altered to read , " Rapist ? " _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Michelangelo ’s David is having joint trouble . More specifically , his     ankles have become riddled David , leaving the masterpiece at risk of collapse in the eventuality of a serious earthquake   —    a real possibility in Florence . In one of our most popular stories today , our magazine writer , mulling over his our obsession with the statue and our magazine writer concept of perfection , notes that Italy has stalled on the known solution : an antiseismic base . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , Americans , especially those avoiding gluten , are increasingly turning to ancient grains like quinoa , amaranth and millet . Now there ’s a surge of interest in teff , a staple for Ethiopia ’s legendary distance runners . It is high in protein and iron , has more calcium and vitamin C than almost any other grain and is rich in a beneficial form of starch . Try it in pancakes or as polenta . It _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at Your Evening Briefing Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 