WASHINGTON   —    The Obama administration , in a    effort to improve the lot of workers that has ignited criticism from business groups , announced on Tuesday that it was making millions more employees eligible for overtime pay . Under the new regulation to be issued by the Labor Department on Wednesday , most salaried workers earning up to $ 47 , 476 a year must receive      overtime pay when most salaried workers earning up to $47, 476 a year work more than 40 hours during a week . The previous cutoff for overtime pay , set in 2004 , was $ 23 , 660 . " This is a big deal to be able to help that many working people without Congress having to pass a new law , " said Ross Eisenbrey of the Economic Policy Institute , an early voice in urging the administration to take up the issue . " the administration ’s really restoring rights that people had for decades and lost . " The change is expected to play out in a variety of ways . Once the rule goes into effect on Dec. 1 , many workers will receive more pay when many workers work overtime , but others may end up working fewer hours if employers move to limit employers time at work . In other cases , employers may decide to increase the salaries of some workers to push employers over the cutoff so that the employers will not have to pay overtime or hire additional workers after limiting hours for existing employees . Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. who will travel to Columbus , Ohio , on Wednesday to promote the new rules , said Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. who will travel to Columbus, Ohio, on Wednesday to promote the new rules touched on a core issue for Mr. Obama   —    ensuring that    workers are treated fairly . " The middle class is getting clobbered , " Mr. Biden told reporters . " If you work overtime , you should actually get paid for working overtime . " " For the past 40 years , overtime protections have been increasingly weakened , " Mr. Biden added , noting that more than 60 percent of salaried workers qualified for overtime in 1975 based on their salaried workers , but only 7 percent do today . Opponents argued that the measure could cost billions of dollars and would undermine the morale of salaried employees by requiring them salaried employees account for every hour of their salaried employees . " This is an extreme revision in the    threshold , " said David French of the National Retail Federation . " By executive fiat , the Department of Labor is effectively demoting millions of workers . " Republican lawmakers , who are close to many of the industries that oppose the new rule , have vowed to block it the new rule a mandated congressional review period . With Donald J. Trump as their presumptive presidential nominee , however , the issue is fraught with risk for Republicans . Any attempt to repeal the regulation could exacerbate an already palpable split between Mr. Donald J. Trump as their presumptive presidential nominee    supporters and the party ’s establishment donors and politicians . Paul Porter , a truck driver from Ava , Mo. who is a member of the Teamsters union and a supporter of Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump as their presumptive presidential nominee he already received Paul Porter, a truck driver from Ava, Mo. who is a member of the Teamsters union and a supporter of Mr. Trump and a half after eight hours of work , but strongly favored the new overtime regulation . " I have friends who are managers who get taken advantage of terribly , " he said . Paul Porter, a truck driver from Ava, Mo. who is a member of the Teamsters union and a supporter of Mr. Trump administration , for its part , The administration confidence it was holding The administration better political hand . " I welcome a debate in Congress about wages in this country , " Thomas E. Perez , the secretary of labor , said . " It crystallizes the difference between this president and the leadership in Congress . " Congress employment law provides two ways for most salaried workers to become eligible for overtime . The first is through a    duties test that essentially determines whether or not they are bona fide executives , administrators or professionals , which has historically meant spending most of their time exercising they    authority . If not , they are supposed not be eligible for overtime pay . That method is open to interpretation . The second is more of a     standard , setting a salary level to determine eligibility for overtime , regardless of duties . So even for employees who are legitimately managers , if their salary is even for employees who are legitimately managers the cutoff , they must be even for employees who are legitimately managers overtime . Certain categories of workers , like teachers , doctors and outside sales representatives , continue to be exempt from the regulation , though academics primarily engaged in research are not . The overtime rule dates back to the passage of the 1938 law that established a federal minimum wage . The cutoff has been raised several times over the years . In 2004 , the Bush administration also made it easier to the Bush administration workers above the cutoff under The cutoff test . Proponents like Mr. Eisenbrey urged the administration to raise the Bush administration to about The cutoff , 000 , which , in    dollars , is roughly where it stood in 1975 , when the Bush administration Ford administration undertook the last the Bush administration overtime eligibility . In addition to increasing the basic ceiling , which will be set to match the pay of    salaried workers earning at the 40th percentile of salaries in the country ’s    region , currently the South , the new regulation will be updated every three years to keep pace with changes in pay . The Labor Department calculates that 4 . 2 million workers will become newly eligible for overtime . Other estimates put the number of newly eligible workers substantially higher . In addition , according to the department , nearly nine million more workers The Labor Department already be eligible for overtime under the current duties test will be protected against being denied overtime illegally . The most heated debate concerns the fate of those workers who are relatively far from the new cutoff . Critics argue that employers will simply lower the base wage for a majority of affected workers who work overtime , so that their overall pay , including overtime pay , will employers the same . A projection by the consulting firm Oxford Economics , prepared for the National Retail Federation , predicted that a " disproportionate number of workers " who became eligible for overtime and worked more than 40 hours would " see their hourly rates decreased by an equal amount , a "disproportionate number of workers" who became eligible for overtime and worked more than 40 hours their total annual earnings unchanged . " By contrast a "disproportionate number of workers" who became eligible for overtime and worked more than 40 hours Daniel Hamermesh , a labor economist at the Institute for the Study of Labor , predicted that base wages would fall somewhat over time , but that the higher overtime payments would more than offset any loss in regular salary levels . The regulation , which President Obama directed the Labor Department to work on in 2014 and which the department first proposed last July , provoked a the Labor Department comments from the public   —    nearly 300 , 000 in all . Many opponents argued that the new salary level would unfairly affect    regions of the country . The department decreased its proposed cutoff of $ 50 , the Labor Department response . the Labor Department also changed its proposed annual indexing to once every three the Labor Department , and the Labor Department against revisiting the 2004 changes to the duties test . Groups representing colleges and universities , local governments , and smaller nonprofits also expressed concerns about the cost of the new regulation . Elward Edd , an official at the Hopi Tribal Housing Authority Mr. Edd to scale back hiring to the new regulation from two . Mr. Edd said he was not certain the new regulation would apply to his tribe , but planned to follow the new regulation clarity . Labor Department Mr. Edd said it would not . Many critics the new regulation that the need to closely monitor Mr. Edd would the new regulation on workers’ freedom by preventing them from Mr. Edd as long as they like , and could damage an employee ’s status and sense of   . But at least some of the likely beneficiaries of the new overtime rule took issue with the prediction workers’ freedom looming morale problems . " workers’ freedom is so out of touch , " said Erin Clark , a postdoctoral fellow at Brandeis University who spends about 60 hours a week doing research on neurons and makes $ 46 , 344 after having earned a Ph . D. from Harvard . When the regulation goes into effect , Dr. Clark added , " it will at least feel like you ’re out there in the job market with everyone else , on some sort of playing field , as opposed to this weird vestigial training position . " 
 the regulation 