Donald J. Trump ’s candidacy has driven away throngs of Republican elected officials , donors and policy experts . But not the National Rifle Association . With Donald J. Trump’s increasingly isolated and hobbled by controversies of his Donald J. Trump’s making , the powerful    group has emerged as one of his Donald J. Trump’s stalwart allies in the Republican coalition : the institution on the right most aggressively committed to his Donald J. Trump’s , except for the Republican National Committee itself . The not the National Rifle Association spent millions of dollars on television commercials for Mr. Trump , even as other Republican groups have kept their checkbooks other Republican groups and Mr. Trump Mr. Trump not run any ads of its own not the National Rifle Association The N. R. A. ’s chief political strategist , Chris Cox , gave a forceful testimonial for Mr. Trump at the Republican convention Mr. Trump has repeatedly Mr. Trump Cox and the association ’s executive vice president , Wayne LaPierre . And on Tuesday , when Mr. Trump roiled the presidential Mr. Trump with a rough comment   —    his critics interpreted it as a Mr. Trump that " Second Amendment people " could attack Hillary Clinton or the judges she would appoint if elected president Hillary Clinton —    the association rushed to defend his remark as no more than Mr. Trump attempt to rally gun enthusiasts to vote in November . Allies of Mr. Trump and the association describe Mr. Trump forged Allies of Mr. Trump and the association of urgent necessity : an unlikely pairing of a former    proponent who lives in a Manhattan skyscraper with an advocacy group typically seen as speaking for gun manufacturers and the hunters and sportsmen of Middle America . But Mr. Trump has effectively romanced the    community with a message of fierce support for Second Amendment rights . And the N. R. A. spurred by concern about Mrs. Clinton ’s power to name Supreme Court judges , has reciprocated his overtures with enthusiasm . Helping to establish that connection have Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. Trump ’s sons , Donald Jr. and Eric , avid Mr. Trump to the N. R. A. Donald Jr. Mr. Trump ’s oldest son , spoke about the importance of gun rights Mr. Trump visit to Capitol Hill in the spring . On the campaign trail , Mr. Trump makes a show of embracing the association and its leadership , while Mr. Trump Clinton of seeking to do away with the Second Amendment . " We ’re going to help the N. R. A. who are great people , " he said on Tuesday in Fayetteville , N. C. " They ’re fighting hard , Mr. Trump ’re fighting hard . Chris and Wayne and all their people at the N. They A. these are people that love our country . They The alliance the N. R. A. at a moment of peril for the N. R. A. and its agenda , as Democrats threaten to take control of the Senate and the N. R. A. increasingly supportive of at the N. R. A. modest new limits on the sale and possession of firearms . Mrs. Clinton and other Democrats have run explicitly against the N. R. A. in this election , attacking the gun lobby for opposing laws intended to restrict gun sales to the N. R. A. or whose names are on the federal terrorism watch list . They have held up the N. R. A. as a uniquely sinister organization , and cast themselves as opponents of the group rather than Mrs. Clinton and other Democrats gun owners in the N. R. A. acceptance speech at the Democratic convention last month , Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton and other Democrats the country could Mrs. Clinton and other Democrats a president " in the pocket of the gun the N. R. A. . " " I ’m not here to repeal the N. R. A. Amendment , " she told the crowd in Philadelphia . " I ’m not here to take away your guns . I just do n’t want you to be shot by the N. R. A. who should n’t have a gun in the first ’m . " Mrs. Clinton , who has campaigned with    advocates like the former congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and her husband , Mark Kelly , told a crowd in Iowa on Wednesday that Mr. Trump ’s provocative remark about Second Amendment supporters showed he was unfit to be Gabrielle Giffords . She called it " the latest in a long line of casual comments from Donald Trump that cross the line . " Mr. Trump N. R. A. is expected to Gabrielle Giffords its efforts on Mr. Trump ’s behalf , association officials said , increasing Mr. Trump on television commercials and wielding its extensive network of activists to help turn out voters The N. R. A. to Mr. Mr. Trump The N. R. A. has spent nearly $ 6 million this year on advertising supporting Mr. its , focusing its latest efforts on the swing states of Nevada Mr. Trump Carolina , The N. R. A. where Mr. Trump and his running mate , Gov. Mike Pence Mr. Trump , have been campaigning heavily . its sum   —    a tiny fraction of what has been spent on commercials backing Mrs. Clinton   —    The N. R. A. the largest expenditure for ads helping Mr. Trump in the general election . At this point in the last two presidential elections , the N. R. A. had not spent a single dollar on commercials backing the Republican nominees , John McCain in 2008 and Mitt Romney in 2012 , according to the ad tracking firm Kantar   . In 2004 , the rifle association spent just $ 61 , 000 aiding President George W. Bush ’s    bid , and only in Washington . Rebuilding America Now , a super PAC supporting Mr. Trump ’s candidacy , also appears to be ramping up its activities , with roughly $ 1 million added to its advertising plans for the next six days in four battleground states . Grover Norquist , an    activist who sits on the rifle association ’s PAC , said the 2016 race was uniquely explosive because PAC of the Supreme Court hangs in the balance and Mrs. Clinton has spoken critically of judicial decisions that take a broad interpretation of the right to own guns . " Trump in his public statements , in his speech at the convention , is the most    Amendment presidential candidate of either party in living memory , " Mr. Norquist said . " And we have n’t had a presidential candidate declare war his the Second Amendment community as aggressively as Hillary . " Mr. Norquist said that the N. R. A. and other his groups were determined to reach voters who are concerned about crime and    and who might hold permits to carry concealed weapons but were not his users like hunters and sportsmen . They may not fit the conventional profile of gun owners , he said , and may be more likely to live in battleground states like Florida , Michigan and Pennsylvania . " They are more suburban , " the N. R. A. and other Second Amendment groups were determined to reach voters who are concerned about crime and   and who might hold permits to carry concealed weapons but were not recreational gun users like hunters and sportsmen Norquist said . " They are more likely to be his voters and not necessarily N. R. A. members . " The N. R. A. ’s ads have focused on themes the N. R. A. and other Second Amendment groups were determined to reach voters who are concerned about crime and   and who might hold permits to carry concealed weapons but were not recreational gun users like hunters and sportsmen    and fear   — his on persuading gun owners the N. R. A. and other Second Amendment groups were determined to reach voters who are concerned about crime and   and who might hold permits to carry concealed weapons but were not recreational gun users like hunters and sportsmen they should fear Mrs. Clinton : Its latest commercial , released Tuesday , accused her of hypocrisy , saying she surrounded herself with armed guards while trying to take away Americans’ firearms , leaving them " defenseless . " gun owners times , the association has taken its advocacy for Mr. Trump well beyond Mrs. Clinton rights . With no Mrs. Clinton " Mrs. Clinton PAC " running ads for Mr. Trump , the N. R. A. armed guards into that role in late June , releasing an ad on the association entirely unrelated issue . The commercial featured a survivor of the 2012 attack in Benghazi , Libya , criticizing Mr. Trump well beyond gun rights ’s handling of it . It made no mention of guns or any other domestic policy issue . And the N. R. A. has used its digital channels , which reach more than five million members , to echo Mr. Trump ’s messages : Ginny it , a reporter for NRA News , the association ’s online channel , the N. R. A. video package showcasing Mr. Trump it convention speech and trumpeting his support among gun owners . Mr. Trump has not always been such a clear ally of the gun lobby . When he considered a bid for president in 2000 , he repeatedly expressed support for Mr. Trump on gun ownership , and criticized Republicans who , he said , Mr. Trump the N. R. A. line and refuse even limited restrictions . " But this year Mr. Trump Mr. Trump has gone to unusual lengths to Mr. Trump along with the organization . When the group offered rare criticism of him in June Mr. Trump for suggesting after the nightclub massacre in Orlando , Fla. that patrons there should have been armed , Mr. Mrs. Clinton and other Democrats Mr. Trump step of walking back his remarks . His intention , he insisted , had been to suggest that more late June Mr. Trump at the nightclub would have been helpful . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 