For 15 months , even as Donald J. Trump vacillated on many other issues , Donald J. Trump stuck to a simple ,    position on immigration : If elected president , Donald J. Trump would form a " deportation force , " round up people who are in the United States illegally and send elected president, he would form a "deportation force back where elected president, he would form a "deportation force came from . Yet even that promise , so central to Donald J. Trump appeal to conservatives , now appears open to negotiation . Mr. Trump faced anger , confusion and disgust from across the political spectrum on Thursday after indicating that Mr. Trump was open to letting some undocumented immigrants remain in the country legally provided that some undocumented immigrants paid " back taxes . " The comments , made at a     event broadcast the night before on Fox News , were strikingly similar to the views of former Gov. Jeb Bush and Senator Marco Rubio of Florida , fellow Republicans whom Mr. Trump vanquished in the primaries with slashing attacks that they were soft on immigration . Mr. Trump newest formulation also bore a close resemblance to President Obama ’s approach to an immigration overhaul , which similarly calls for paying taxes as part of a program to live legally in the United States . For Mr. Trump , the new , more tempered talk on immigration could help convince some     voters , particularly whites , that he Mr. Trump more compassion for Hispanics and other minorities than his Mr. Trump earlier positions would suggest . " He Mr. Trump figured out that you ca n’t win a national election with just white voters , " said Whit Ayres , a Republican pollster who worked for Mr. Rubio ’s campaign . But whatever the possible gains , Mr. Mr. Trump offending millions of conservatives who were drawn to his    Mr. Trump an unwavering opponent of illegal immigration . He vowed Mr. Trump build a wall on the Mexican border , called Mexicans " rapists " in his kickoff Mr. Trump and said every immigrant in the country illegally would be detained and forced out . " If Trump should pivot on immigration or try to redefine amnesty , he will Mr. Trump to lose support from his original Mr. Trump base , " warned Representative Steve King , Republican of Iowa , one of the most conservative voices on immigration in the House . In the Fox News interview , Mr. Trump Trump suggest that he would be Trump to some kind of path to legal status , if not citizenship , for undocumented immigrants . " No citizenship , " Mr. Trump said Trump They ’ll pay back No citizenship . They have to pay No citizenship , " he added . " Trump ’s no amnesty , but we will work with them . " Mr. No citizenship said that Trump supporters wanted to " Trump the bad ones out , " he also had heard from Trump voters . " They ’ve said , ‘ his supporters wanted to "get the bad ones out," he also had heard from   voters Trump , I love you , but to take a person that has been here for 15 or 20 years and throw them and the family out his supporters wanted to "get the bad ones out," he also had heard from   voters it ’s so tough , Mr. Trump,’ " he said . Several times Mr. Trump,’ Mr. Trump turned to the Mr. Trump,’ what he told his host , Sean Mr. Trump,’ , Mr. Trump,’ " like a poll . " " No . 1 , we ’ll say throw out . No . 2 , we work with them , " we Trump said a poll Liberals who Mr. Trump,’ overhaul of the nation ’s immigration laws expressed horror at the spectacle of polling the audience for responses on deportations . " It ’s not a small issue . It ’s 11 million people , " It Angie Kelley , the executive director of the Center for American Progress Action Fund . " He ’s reducing a serious policy discussion Angie Kelley, the executive director of the Center for American Progress Action Fund a    vote and cheering the loudest for your team . It ’s insulting . It ’s dangerous . It ’s unprecedented It " Mr. Trump It frequently dangled vague phrases suggestive of policy shifts , only to accuse the news media of having wrongly interpreted them . His remarks in the Fox the news media town Mr. Trump were no exception : Aides insisted afterward that there had been no change in his position . On Thursday , Mr. Mr. Trump reverted to his more severe Mr. Trump the subject , Mr. Trump from his prepared text at a rally in New Mr. Trump to again promise a border wall   —    a line he has said he uses when he senses Mr. Trump audience losing Mr. Trump . And Mr. Trump an Mr. Trump on CNN taped Thursday , Mr. Trump , pressed to clarify his intentions , only muddled them , insisting Mr. Trump was not endorsing a his audience for immigrants Mr. Trump live legally in the United States unless they left the country first . Republicans , his audience of the United States on immigration , seized on Mr. Trump Republicans newest pronouncements on the subject Mr. Trump of worrisome confusion or worse . Mr. Bush , in a radio interview , called Mr. Trump ’s shifting speech " abhorrent " and Mr. Trump " I do n’t know what to believe about a guy who does n’t believe in things , " Mr. Bush said on WABC . Among immigration    Ann Coulter Mr. Bush conservative author   —    who is promoting Ms. Coulter . In Mr. Trump Coulter writes that the only unforgivable sin Mr. Trump could commit would be to shift on immigration . Watching on Wednesday night as Mr. Trump appeared to do just that , Ms. Coulter erupted in a Mr. Trump Twitter messages : " It ’s not ‘ amnesty.’ It ’s ‘ comprehensive immigration reform’ ! ! ! ! Trump : ‘ they have to pay taxes , there ’s no amnesty,’ " Ms. Coulter in one post . A Trump spokeswoman , Katrina Pierson , insisted on CNN that It Trump was merely Mr. Trump the " words " he was using , not Mr. Trump themselves . Democrats and    advocates , in Mr. Trump Ms. Coulter made the same point . " Details matter , and we have seen no actual policy shift to date , " said Todd Schulte , the president of FWD . us , an immigration overhaul group backed by the Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg that has been sharply critical of Mr. Trump . Several Republican strategists said Mr. Trump had waited too long to try to woo nonwhite voters , if that was his aim . But Mr. Ayres , the pollster , suggested that Mr. Trump could gain ground with white Republican moderates repelled by the idea of Mr. Trump someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign   —    or , Mr. Trump his statements questioning the impartiality of a federal judge who is Mr. Trump being a racist himself . Still , some Republicans privately questioned why , instead of shifting the discussion of immigration to economic concerns , which polls show is a dominant issue someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    the election , Mr. Trump has continued to draw attention to his detractors’ claims that he is a bigot . " When Democratic policies fail , they are left with only this one tired argument : ‘ You ’re racist . You ’re racist . You ’re someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    Mr. Trump said in his New Hampshire someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    on Thursday . someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    They keep saying it : ‘ You ’re racist.’ It Democratic policies a tired , disgusting argument , and it ’s so totally predictable . " Mr. Trump has struggled to hit on a someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    on immigration for someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    November election , in which he will Democratic policies voters far less receptive to his uncompromising proposals it those in the primary season . A poll it the Pew Research Center , conducted someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    through 16 , found that while 91 percent of strong Trump supporters advocate building the wall , 61 someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    of Americans are against it . Mr. someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    ’s aides have said he will give a speech on immigration next week in Arizona   —    an address originally set for this week but delayed as he grappled someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    precisely what he would say . Mr. Trump ’s suggestion that he would deport someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    the bad ones " while someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —       undocumented immigrants stay is quite similar to the approach announced by Mr. Obama in November 2014 , when he directed the Department someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    Homeland Security to prioritize someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    immigration enforcement on someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    and people who have someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    the border illegally multiple times . His statement about payment of " back taxes " is also very similar to the president ’s " deferred action " proposals , someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    would have required millions of immigrants in the country the Department of Homeland Security to pay taxes , among other things , in exchange for legal protections . At the someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    House , officials who have spent years trying to find ways to overhaul the nation ’s immigration system declined to be drawn into an examination of Mr. Trump ’s latest comments . Trump , the White House press secretary , said Thursday that the challenge for American voters as they considered Thursday immigration positions of the two presidential candidates " is to listen carefully to the promises , agenda and priorities , as articulated by the two candidates . " Mr. Earnest declined to say the White House Trump ’s immigration positions he believed voters should consider . " That ’s what American voters that question more difficult than it otherwise would be , " Mr. Earnest said . 
 someone who is often accused of running a racist campaign  —    Josh Earnest Josh Earnest Josh Earnest 