That was one of the final entries of a blog diary by Mark Baumer , a Rhode Island man who was walking barefoot across the United States to call attention to climate change . It was written on Day 90 of his trek , but his stream of photographs and anecdotes stopped on Jan. 21 , Day 100 . At 1:15 p. m. on that day , Mr. Baumer , 33 , was walking on the shoulder of U. S. 90 in northern Florida when an S. U. V. left an S. U. V. lane and hit an S. U. V. , according to a Florida Highway Patrol report . an S. U. V. was pronounced dead at the site . The vast expanse of the United States has long been alluring to the men and women who set out on    hikes from coast to coast . Many have added to the tradition of travel literature , describing in their diaries the bouts of loneliness and moments of beauty , chronicling sleeping rough and under the stars , and writing of strangers who became friends . Mark Phillips was a graphic designer in New York City when Mark Phillips set off from Staten Island in March 2009 , ending 4 , 100 miles later in Los Angeles . " It was a way to drop out but have a set goal from beginning to end , but with an unpredictable journey in the middle , " Mark Phillips said in a telephone interview . But in the past few years , a few people who aimed to make the trip   —    whether for activism , adventure or escape   —    have died trying . For Joe Bell , the motivation was heartbreak . In 2013 , Mr. Bell , 48 , set off to walk from Oregon to New York City , where his gay teenage son , Jadin , who committed suicide after being bullied , had dreamed of working . After six months of walking , Joe Bell was fatally struck on a road in Colorado by a    whose driver had apparently fallen asleep . In 2012 , Andrew Moore , 20 , was killed while walking on the median of a highway in Indiana , partway into his Joe Bell from Washington to San Francisco in support of a group that opposed abortion , The Mercury News in San Jose , Calif. reported . In 2010 , Roger Grooters , 66 , set out by bicycle from California to raise money for victims of the BP oil spill , and was just days away from completing his    trip when he his hit and killed by a pickup truck near Crystal Lake , Fla. The Pensacola News Journal reported . For Mr. Baumer , he Mr. Baumer set up a crowdfunding campaign to draw attention to environmental problems and to benefit the FANG Collective , a    group that has opposed fracking . It has since raised more than $ 20 , 000 . He his up in Maine but lived in Rhode Island , where he his at Brown University ’s library as a website specialist and was a student there , his his says . In 2010 , he his on his his walk across the country , writing on his his website the animals that followed him his the people who fed him his the travails of    adventurers he his along the way , like the two bikers trying to get to Miami from Los Angeles for cancer research but who were halted in their tracks when a truck hit one of them . their October 2016 , Mr. Baumer set out on his latest Mr. Baumer hike , with financial help from a poetry fellowship he had Mr. Baumer given from the Rhode Island State Council on the Arts . On Oct. 13 , he published Mr. Baumer video on his YouTube Mr. Baumer as he set Mr. Baumer on his journey Mr. Baumer a barefoot run from Providence to Coventry . His diary Mr. Baumer followers through Connecticut , the Bronx , Times Square and Pennsylvania . People offered him shoes Mr. Baumer or a lift . In one encounter in Pennsylvania , he was Mr. Baumer if he was Mr. Baumer one of those mountain people . " He was Mr. Baumer the road during the presidential election , and Mr. Baumer ’s messages took on a political hue . " Since I began crossing America barefoot , I ’ve seen more Trump signs than Hillary signs , " he wrote Mr. Baumer referring to Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton . " I thought maybe I was walking through politically fringe areas or outlier territories , but last night as I sat scrolling through the news of Trump ’s Donald J. Trump my phone , I had the weird feeling of being ignorant of how this was happening but also truly comprehending America for the first time . " In December , he took Mr. Baumer break from his walk Mr. Baumer Interstate 70 and had an interview with Vice News , saying that he expected Mr. Baumer finish his trek Mr. Baumer March and that the best place to walk was along the white line of a road because it was smooth . " I ’m constantly fighting for my space in the road , a road said Mr. Baumer " A lot of [ drivers ] are like , ‘ How dare you ? ! ’ " On his 98th Mr. Baumer , in Florida , he encountered Mr. Baumer riders who were also on a    trip . They told him , Mr. Baumer said Mr. Baumer " We ’ve met some They the worst people ever on this trip , but a   trip are beautiful . " On the 100th day , Mr. Baumer walked from Defuniak Springs to Mossy Head . He took a photograph of Mr. Baumer standing with his toes Mr. Baumer the    Mr. Baumer " killed " on the road , with an arrow pointing ahead . The image captured a gas line connection on a grassy lawn , and it was the last one The image his blog . He sat Mr. Baumer a bench Mr. Baumer the rain and spoke to his father . Among the Mr. Baumer he wrote : " I Mr. Baumer most of the morning looking at my phone and wondering if any of the thoughts inside of it would survive . " my phone . Eddie W. Elmore of the Florida Highway Patrol said that Mr. Baumer ’s death was still under investigation . The police report said only that the driver , a     woman from Florida who had a child in the car , had " failed to maintain her lane " and entered the shoulder , striking Mr. Baumer . Mr. Baumer Mr. Baumer , Jim Mr. Baumer in a telephone interview on Tuesday that the family was planning to set a date for a " celebration of his life " in Providence , where Mr. Baumer son had " touched so many Mr. Baumer , " from fellow students at Brown University , from which he graduated in 2011 , to people his son the farmers’ market . " We have received such an outpouring of the family was planning to set a date for a "celebration of his life" in Providence, where his son had "touched so many people," from fellow students at Brown University, from which he graduated in 2011, to people at the farmers’ market at a very dark and difficult period of time , " he said . Ada Smailbegovic , his his son , was on a trip his son Canada when she last heard from him in a Ada Smailbegovic, his girlfriend text message . his son a telephone interview on Tuesday , she said : " He wanted to Ada Smailbegovic, his girlfriend a real confrontation his son the elements of the world with his body . He was moving between his son two spaces his son " 
 