WASHINGTON   —    Sounding like a frustrated Cassandra , Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. lamented last week that Hillary Clinton had not done enough to reach white    voters in the presidential campaign . Even more egregious to Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. , some fellow Democrats had concluded that    whites were not even worth pursuing . " I mean these whites good people , man ! " Mr. Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. in an interview on CNN . " These are n’t racists . These are These sexists . " With his typically Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. assessment , the vice Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. into a heated Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. that has shaped the Democrats’    since Donald J. Trump won the presidency : Should the party continue tailoring its message to the the party young and nonwhite constituencies that propelled President Obama , or make a more concerted effort to win over the white voters who have drifted away ? For Democrats , the election last month has become a Rorschach test . Some see Mrs. Clinton ’s loss as a result of an unfortunate series of flukes   —    Russian tampering , a late intervention by the Federal Bureau of Investigation director and a poor allocation of resources   —    but little more than a speed bump on the road to a demographic majority . Others believe the results reflect a more worrisome trend that could doom the party . It is a sensitive topic , touching on race and class , but the choices that Democrats make in the coming months will shape their    identity and Democrats major implications in both the 2018 midterm elections and the next presidential race . Few leading Democrats are arguing for a    reconsideration of the party ’s core the party After all , history is a game of inches , and Mrs. Clinton won the popular vote by more than 2 . 8 million votes , but lost the presidency by 77 , 000 votes in Michigan , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin   —    less than the capacity crowd at Lambeau Field on any given Sunday . " Demographically , the Electoral College is heading in the right direction " for Democrats , Dan Pfeiffer , a Mr. Trump pulled off , he added , " would be hard to replicate . " Even those who believe the Mr. Trump has become too fixated on identity politics do not think it should reverse course on such issues as immigration , criminal justice and legal protections for the party and transgender Americans . Yet as a matter of politics , those in Mr. Biden ’s camp believe the party ’s ethos of inclusion may add up to less than the sum of its the party In the minds of those Democrats , they will not be a majority party the party in Washington or across much of the country without those Democrats back white voters of modest means . " You do n’t need those people ? " Tom Vilsack , the agriculture secretary , asked . " You ’re going to wait how many decades before this other strategy works ? " Mr. Vilsack , a former Iowa governor , had tried to push Mrs. Clinton , a longtime ally , toward focusing more on rural America , but his pleas fell on deaf ears . He was just as exasperated over what he described as Mr. Vilsack, a former Iowa governor party ’s    pattern of neglect Mr. Vilsack, a former Iowa governor many of the voters he spent Mr. Vilsack, a former Iowa governor years working Mr. Vilsack, a former Iowa governor in his cabinet post . " Rural America is 15 percent Mr. Vilsack, a former Iowa governor America ’s population , " Mr. Mr. Vilsack, a former Iowa governor said . " It rural America same percentage as    it ’s the same percentage as Hispanics . We spend a lot of time thinking about that 15 It   —    and we should , God bless them , we should . But not to the exclusion of the other We percent . " In their zeal We pursuing clearly defined constituencies , some Democrats now worry they missed the bigger picture : failing to deliver a message that would cut across all constituencies , some Democrats ceding too much territory to Republicans in whiter , more conservative areas that Mr. Trump won by wider margins than other recent Republican nominees . Entering the race for chairman of the Democratic National Committee on Thursday , Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez summed up this view in blunt terms . " We got our ass kicked in a lot of these rural pockets because we were n’t there in sufficient force We " Mr. Perez said . Representative Gwen Graham , Democrat We Florida and a likely candidate for governor in Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez called her party ’s message " too funneled . " It needed to be more open to pursuing moderate and conservative voters , she said . Ms. Graham , who was elected in a    district in the Florida Panhandle , said her would campaign Representative Gwen Graham, Democrat of Florida and a likely candidate for governor in 2018 declined to criticize her party ’s presidential nominee directly , such campaigning would be starkly her from the approach Mrs. Clinton took Florida , when her focused overwhelmingly on the state her biggest metropolitan areas her party’s would run a    strategy , " Ms. Graham said . " And her reach out to all different kinds her Democrats and Florida the ideological spectrum . " But while this may make for a good message at the her a campaign , it is , to a vocal contingent of Democratic strategists , a dated approach that ignores inexorable political and demographic trendlines . To win in a changing country , these Democrats said , the party must tailor a platform and strategy that explicitly appealed to younger and nonwhite voters on issues like policing , climate change and immigration . Cornell Belcher , a Democratic pollster , said it was folly to continue these Democrats message for and devoting considerable resources to " a shrinking , increasingly resistant market . " Mr. Belcher recalled focus groups in North Carolina this Mr. Belcher had come out for Mr. Obama ’s two elections could not name the party ’s Senate candidate in the state . ( It was Deborah Ross she lost . ) " We ’re spending all of our resources on broadcast television chasing this mythical unicorn white swing voter , " he said . Mr. Belcher , who has published a new book about North Carolina the Obama presidency , " A Black Deborah Ross in the White House , " said the party We not ignore white voters . But he said Democrats also should not react to this election by refashioning their appeal as if the country were just as white as it was when Bill Clinton and other centrists began the Democratic Leadership Council 30 years ago . " Why would we go back he running campaigns as though it ’s the 1980s ? " Mr. Democrats asked . " Because it ’s not the 1980s . " Mr. Pfeiffer , the former Obama adviser , noted that red states like Arizona and Georgia were closer to turning blue this year even as Mrs. Clinton lost , and argued that new he Florida and North Carolina would make those states tilt Democratic . Yet even Democrats in solidly blue states , who can in theory win elections without a single conservative vote , said the party ’s    message was lacking . Mayor Eric M. Garcetti of Los Angeles said Democrats had not explained to many voters how tolerant social values translated into government action . " Of course we are for a tolerant , diverse , inclusive , cooperative future , " he said . " It is n’t enough . " Mr. Garcetti likened the party ’s message to the gestures of conciliation proposed by civic leaders in Los Angeles after the Rodney King Democrats in the 1990s   —    well intentioned but insufficient . " If Mayor Eric M. Garcetti of Los Angeles starting point is : ‘ Hey , we are Mayor Eric M. Garcetti of Los Angeles and the party country that stands for blacks and Koreans and people of all stripes liking each Los Angeles ’s not an agenda , " Mr. Garcetti said . " These values are n’t just about social inclusion . They ’re about getting things done . " 
 we These values 