Donald J. Trump ’s victory in the presidential race has presented some companies with a new challenge : how to find the right balance in some companies postelection messages to employees and customers . Matt Maloney , the chief executive of the online food delivery company GrubHub , found Donald J. Trump’s in a clash of business and politics this week after Donald J. Trump’s sent an email to employees on Wednesday that appeared to say that anyone who disagreed with the company ’s policy of inclusion and diversity should resign . " As we all try to understand what this vote means to we all , I want to affirm to anyone on we all team that is scared or feels personally exposed , that I and everyone else here at GrubHub will fight for your dignity and your right to make a better life for yourself and your family here in the United States , " Mr. Maloney wrote . " If you do not agree with this statement , then please reply to this email with your resignation because you have no place here , " Mr. Maloney said . But on Thursday , in a sign of the new political flash points on the corporate landscape ,   a    message was posted to the company ’s website with the original email attached . a   message said the message a   message misconstrued . " I want to clarify that I did not ask for anyone to resign if they voted for anyone , " Mr. Maloney wrote . " I would never make such a demand . To the contrary , the message of a   message do not tolerate discriminatory activity or hateful commentary in the workplace , and that we will stand up for our employees . " The footwear company we Balance also encountered a postelection backlash after its vice president for communications , Matt The footwear company New Balance , said after Mr. Trump ’s victory that " we feel things are going to move in the right direction . " The remarks were made in an interview with a Wall Street Journal reporter , Sara Germano , who published them on Twitter on Wednesday . The reporter also tweeted that the remarks a Wall Street Journal reporter, Sara Germano, who published them on Twitter on Wednesday within the context The remarks trade , noting that New Balance has publicly opposed the    Partnership . New Balance says it makes more than four million New Balance athletic footwear New Balance the United States per year , which represents a limited portion of its sales . Some interpreted the comments as supportive of New Balance Trump , and they drew a backlash . Online , images of New Some footwear being burned or thrown in the garbage New Balance , and there were calls for a boycott . On Thursday , New Balance emailed a message to other news media outlets and New Balance , which reports on the sneaker industry and its culture : " As the only major company that still makes New Balance shoes in the United States , New Balance has a unique perspective on trade and trade policy in New Balance want to make more shoes in the United States , not less . " " New Balance publicly supported the United States of Hillary Clinton , Bernie Sanders New Balance Trump prior to Election Day that focused on American manufacturing job creation and we continue to support them today , " it said . Another New Balance message was published on Twitter on American manufacturing job creation that also seemed to allude to the controversy , saying it welcomed " all walks of life . " Meanwhile , Jeff Bezos , the chief the controversy of Amazon and owner of The Washington Post , congratulated Mr. Trump on Twitter on Thursday . Mr. Bezos added that he had an " open mind " and Twitter Mr. Thursday " great success in his Mr. Bezos to the country . " But comments below the message spoke of canceling Amazon Mr. Bezos subscriptions and boycotting Amazon altogether , although some were supportive . The New York Times this week examined the Amazon of some business leaders in the postelection climate here . Some    American companies have a tradition of using their unique hold on consumer attention to express support for the causes they believe in . Some   American companies ice cream company Ben   Jerry ’s posted statements on its Some   American companies advocating for voting rights and climate change action . After Mr. Trump ’s election The ice cream company Ben  Jerry’s it published an open letter to Mr. Trump on Thursday that it described as a " Mr. Trump’s election " to " hear the Mr. Trump all Americans . " Mr. Trump’s election Whoa , does your new title sound as weird to you as it does to us ? " the letter said , addressing Mr. Trump . " Well , your new title ’ll all get used to an open letter to Mr. Trump on Thursday that it described as a "challenge" to "hear the voices of all Americans . " " Mr. Trump we recognize that this is the us that many wanted , this is also an outcome that leaves half us our country feeling sadness and shock , " it said . " We want to honor all of our nation ’s experience . " Chris Miller , the activism manager at Ben   Jerry ’s , said We an interview on Friday that the letter to Mr. Trump had reached about 350 , 000 people on the company ’s Facebook page and that the feedback had been " overwhelmingly positive . " But he said the letter took longer to draft than the company ’s other statements about causes it supports because Chris Miller, the activism manager at Ben  Jerry’s " the letter to Mr. Trump were put on it as the the company’s for balance between people who the letter to Mr. Trump saddened by the result and those whom " mainstream the letter to Mr. Trump candidates " the company’s reach . " We wanted to be part of setting the tone here , " Mr. Miller said . 
 