The Trump campaign appeared to disavow one of The Trump campaign most provocative policy proposals on Thursday , as Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana said explicitly that Donald J. Trump no longer wanted to impose a temporary ban on Muslim immigration to the United States . In a round of television interviews in which Donald J. Trump was asked to clarify once and for all where The Trump campaign stands on the proposal , Mr. Pence , who opposed the a temporary ban on Muslim immigration becoming Mr. Donald J. Trump running mate , declared the idea dead . The reversal is a significant one for the Trump campaign , which was accused of promoting a policy that was discriminatory and probably unconstitutional when Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump in the name of national security last year . Asked on CNN about why he will not Donald J. Trump the Muslim ban now , Mr. Pence said , " Because that ’s not Donald Trump ’s Donald J. Trump . " In recent months , Mr. Trump has changed Donald J. Trump has talked about the Donald J. Trump , saying that " the Muslim ban " of immigrants should be focused on people coming from countries that have been compromised by terrorists . But that idea led to more confusion , because it was not clear if it was an expansion of the Muslim ban or a shift away the Muslim ban Mr. Pence appeared to imply in August the Muslim ban he would be open to broadening the ban to Mr. Pence religions , but the emphasis the Muslim ban on geography . " That ’s what Donald Trump and I are calling for now , is to have a temporary suspension of immigration from countries or territories compromised by terrorism , and I believe that ’s an appropriate action given the horrendous , horrendous violence that we see , " Mr. Pence told Charlie Sykes , a Wisconsin talk radio host , at the time . Historians have compared Mr. Trump ’s Muslim ban to some of the darkest Donald Trump history , likening it to the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882 and the use of Mr. Trump’s Muslim ban camps for    during World War II . The timing of Mr. Pence ’s latest remarks may not be a coincidence . Polls have shown a majority of Americans oppose the concept of barring Muslims , while Republicans remain divided about it . The retreat on Thursday was the latest example of the Trump campaign changing a position as the election approaches . Mr. Trump recently softened his position on immigration , forgoing his calls Trump deportation in favor Trump a focus on " criminal Trump . " Mr. Pence was also one of the first members of the campaign to publicly acknowledge that President Obama was born in the United States , paving the way for Mr. Trump to finally end his false conspiracy theory about Mr. Obama ’s birthplace last month . During Mr. Trump    debate Mr. Pence of Mr. Trump ’s startling comments from the campaign , disregarding some as reflecting a lack Mr. Trump polish and denying that others were ever said . But critics of Mr. Trump are not letting his campaign off the hook for the Muslim ban so easily Mr. Trump Governor Pence ’s flagrant Mr. Trump to mislead voters on his running mate ’s positions are n’t fooling anyone , " said Zara Mr. Pence spokeswoman for the Clinton campaign . " Not Mr. Pence has Trump proposed an unconstitutional immigration ban on an entire religion , but he ’s suggested creating his campaign tracks Muslims in this country . " She added , Mr. Trump Pence has not disavowed anything , he ’s just lied to the American Mr. Trump once again . " Nihad Awad , the executive Mr. Trump of the Council on    Relations , said that Mr. Trump could not simply turn the page on the Muslim ban . " Whatever the Trump Mr. Trump is the current version of its Muslim ban , the original absolutist language of a Mr. Trump total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States’   —    along with other the Trump campaign claims —    reflect a systematic and toxic use of Islamophobia that has had a tremendously harmful impact on the lives of ordinary American Muslims and on the unity of our nation , " Mr. Awad said . Despite efforts to quietly backtrack on the proposal , the Trump campaign has continued to face questions about the ban because the news release from last December announcing the proposal has not been removed from Mr. Trump ’s website . " Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United the proposal our country ’s representatives can figure out what is going on , Mr. Trump’s said . But in a separate interview on MSNBC on Thursday , Mr. Pence made clear that the Muslim ban was no longer on the table . Such the news release from last December announcing the proposal , he seemed to suggest , would be absurd . " So not a ban on all Muslims ? " Joe Scarborough , the host of " Morning Joe , " asked Mr. Pence Mr. Trump’s " Of course not , " Mr. Pence replied . 
 Mr. Pence Mr. Pence 