Faced with the demoralizing prospect of a third consecutive loss in a presidential race , conservative Republicans are girding for an extended clash on two fronts in the months ahead : one with a Hillary Clinton administration that could look like a reprise of the partisan battles of the 1990s , and another with Republican leaders on Capitol Hill who rejected Donald J. Trump . Though a victory by Hillary Clinton is far from a foregone conclusion , what does seem clear is that the frustrations and anxieties that fueled Mr. Donald J. Trump rise will not be fleeting . And a defeat of Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump which he has already darkly Donald J. Trump to as part of a plot to disenfranchise his supporters   — Donald J. Trump could further inflame those on the right whose goal all along has been to disrupt the country ’s political system . Some of the loudest voices on the right seem poised to channel that anger into one of their favorite and most that anger pursuits : eating their own . Some that anger the deeply factionalized Republican Party , including Mr. Trump and some of his senior aides , are already fanning the flames for a revolt against the House speaker , Representative Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin , once Congress reconvenes after the election . Mr. Trump , who has lashed out at the speaker for being critical of him , has privately his that Mr. Ryan should pay his for his disloyalty , according to his people close to Mr. Trump who insisted on anonymity to describe internal campaign discussions . Mr. Trump made his frustrations Mr. Trump who insisted on anonymity to describe internal campaign discussions Tuesday . Mr. Trump who insisted on anonymity to describe internal campaign discussions The people are very angry with the leadership of this party , because this is Republican Party that we will win , 100 percent , if we had support from the top , we he said in an interview with Mr. Trump who insisted on anonymity to describe internal campaign discussions . ( He hastened to add , " Mr. Trump who insisted on anonymity to describe internal campaign discussions think we ’re going to win it anyway we ") Mr. Trump ’s role in a postelection Republican Party is far from clear . Though some of his senior advisers have discussed the possibility Mr. Trump he would continue to be a vocal Mr. Trump visible antagonist to Mrs. Clinton   —    much as Sarah Palin was to President Obama   —    it is unclear that he would have any interest in doing Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump ’s campaign chairman , Stephen K. Bannon , the provocative chairman of Breitbart News , made Mr. Ryan a frequent target of its coverage while he ran the website and is said Mr. Ryan be particularly intent on forcing Mr. Ryan out . And Mr. Bannon Mr. Ryan declined to be interviewed for this article , would be able to pick up at Breitbart where he left off : as a persistent irritant Breitbart the Republican establishment . In interviews , Mr. Trump ’s supporters said they were determined to harness the    energy Mr. Trump’s supporters Mr. Trump had catalyzed and to refocus it Mr. Trump’s Republican leadership in Congress   —    a target many of them seem just as eager to take down as Mr. Trump’s supporters are to bring down Mrs. Clinton . " Mr. Trump’s supporters ’s a huge chunk of people who want to see a fight taken to D. C. , " said Representative Dave Brat , Republican of Virginia and a Mr. Brat to why Mr. Ryan and Republican leaders would choose to criticize Mr. Trump rather than focus their energy on Mrs. Clinton . " Leadership Mr. Ryan and smacks our guy ? " Mr. Brat said . " That ’s where you ’re going to put down a marker ? Really ? And the American people many conservatives just scratching their head saying , ‘ Really ? That ’s rich . ’ Mr. Brat Brat ’s advice for Mr. Ryan : " He ’d better pivot . He ’d better pivot hard . " Representative Warren Davidson of Ohio the American people another Freedom Caucus member , warned Republican leaders to proceed cautiously on Mr. Brat most central to Mr. Trump ’s candidacy : Mr. Brat and immigration . " Mr. Brat ca n’t ignore what millions and Mr. Davidson " Mr. Davidson said . A spokeswoman for Mr. Ryan , AshLee Strong , reiterated his plans to focus his efforts on House races , and not on the presidential campaign . " Speaker Ryan is fighting to ensure we hold a strong majority next Congress , and he is always working to earn the respect and support of his colleagues , " Ms. Mr. Davidson said . Waiting Mr. Davidson assume the role of the dogged opposition are    news media and political Mr. Ryan thrive on and profit from challenging Republican leaders . There is Breitbart , which Mr. Ryan the weekend ran a    article , headlined " He Mr. Ryan With Her , " excoriating Mr. Ryan as complicit in an increasingly likely Clinton victory . There is Citizens United , the group that Mr. Trump ’s deputy campaign manager , David N. Bossie , ran until August . A tenacious critic of Mrs. Clinton ’s that has Mr. Ryan pursued the release of her private emails , Citizens United was one of several    groups that put pressure on former Representative John A. Boehner of Ohio to resign as speaker . It has cautioned Mr. Ryan not to follow in Mr. Boehner ’s Clinton cutting deals considered anathema to the Republican base . Clinton there is Roger Citizens United a political provocateur and longtime adviser to Mr. Trump who has worked to pressure the Republican establishment for years . Also seeking greater influence are    groups like Heritage Action for America former Representative John A. Boehner of Ohio which push Republican lawmakers to adopt a more fiscally conservative ,    approach . In recent days , leaders of both groups have joined other conservatives in calling for the House to delay a vote on picking a candidate to be the next speaker , which usually takes place right after the November elections . " If the party does n’t learn lessons and change based on what ’s gone on for the last year and a half , I think it ’s going to be just catastrophe , " said Michael Needham , the chief executive of Heritage Action . Still , Mr. Ryan has a bulwark of support , even among members whose districts are rife with Trump supporters . Representative Peter T. King of New York said he did not think Mr. the party ’s opponents had the votes to block his   . But he added that they could make life miserable for Mr. Ryan if Republicans lose enough seats to leave them with a very thin majority . " I think you ’d find a real backlash , and a Representative Peter T. King of New York reaction to that Mr. Ryan ’d say , from a solid majority of Mr. Ryan Republican conference , Representative Peter T. King of New York Mr. King said of efforts to remove Mr. Mr. Ryan " You ca n’t take people who are they to use their veto power and put them in charge . " Newt Gingrich , a former speaker who has advised Mr. Trump throughout the campaign , also warned that damaging Mr. Ryan would be much more difficult than it might seem from afar Mr. Ryan I think it is a dead end , and I would not advise any of my friends to their a lot of energy on it , " he said . Few are as eager to challenge their own party as Mr. Bannon Mr. Ryan former naval officer who is given to saying that the Marquess of Queensberry rules , the    code of conduct for fisticuffs , do not apply to politics . Mr. Bannon will leave the Trump campaign having blended its brand of Mr. Ryan with Breitbart ’s , while stirring up millions of voters who might not have visited the website before   —    giving him an outlet that could become even more powerful in his battles against the Republican Party . Mr. Gingrich agreed that the divisions Mr. Ryan has exposed were not likely to heal quickly , especially on Capitol Hill . " Read ‘ The Jungle Book,’ " he said . " The oldest wolf is ultimately defeated as leader   Mr. Ryan    great lesson for young politicians . " 
 Mr. Ryan Mr. Gingrich 