BONY , Hungary   —    To his neighbors in a village in western Hungary ,     Istvan Gyorkos was just an old man who mostly kept to Istvan Gyorkos . Hardly anyone looked askance at Istvan Gyorkos passion for guns and for training youths in paramilitary tactics . In late October , however , Mr. Gyorkos , a veteran    and the leader of a tiny fringe outfit called the Hungarian National Front , suddenly took on a more sinister visage when , according to Hungarian police officers who raided his home in search of illegal weapons , his shot and killed a member of the police team with an assault rifle . Members of his family say the dead policeman was shot by a fellow officer . The saga then took an even stranger turn : Hungarian intelligence officials told a parliamentary committee in Budapest that Mr. Gyorkos had for years been under scrutiny for Mr. Gyorkos role in a network of extremists linked to and encouraged by Russia . So close was the relationship , a parliamentary committee in Budapest heard , that Russian military intelligence officers , masquerading as diplomats , staged regular mock combat exercises using plastic guns with    activists near Mr. Mr. Gyorkos home . That Russia , Russia nation intensely proud of its huge role in the defeat of Hitler ’s Germany in World War II , would want anything to do with marginal ,    crackpots who revere Hitler ’s wartime allies in Hungary might , at first glance , seem beyond comprehension . But Andras Racz , a Russia expert at the Finnish Institute of International Affairs , said it fit Russia a scattershot strategy of placing small bets , directly or through proxies , on    fringe groups in an effort to destabilize or simply disorient the European Union . Most of these bets fail , but reaching out to those on the margins costs little and sometimes hits pay dirt . That happened with Jobbik , a      Hungarian group that is now the country ’s leading opposition party   —    and a big fan of President Vladimir V. Putin , as is Hungary ’s prime minister , Viktor Orban . At a time when Russia ’s relations with the West , or at least with established parties there , have soured dramatically over Syria , Ukraine and accusations of interference on all sides , Mr. Putin has enjoyed an extraordinary run of apparent good luck , as exemplified by the surprise election victory of Donald J. Trump , who has repeatedly voiced admiration for the Russian leader .    candidates won presidential elections recently in Bulgaria and Moldova , and France ’s National Front , which received bank loans worth nearly $ 12 million from Russian banks Russian is now a serious contender for the French presidency next year . Britain , which has generally taken a tough stance on Russia and its meddling Russia , has turned in on itself amid Russia internal struggles over how to leave the European Union after a referendum in June . Even in Estonia , a Baltic nation deeply suspicious of Moscow , a party long reviled as a Russian tool recently took charge of a new government . Each country has its own Each country and often very local reasons for its    Each country . Mr. Putin did not engineer the shift    but he has Mr. Putin adept at making his own Mr. Putin , deploying Orthodox priests ,    news media outlets like RT , spies and computer hackers to ride and help create the wave of populist anger now battering the foundations of the    European order . Mr. Gyorkos , one of the foot soldiers in that assault , is now in jail but , according to his lawyer , has not yet been formally charged . A few days before he was his of opening fire on police officers , a court in the southern Norwegian town of Tonsberg ordered the detention of Jan Petrovsky , a longtime local resident of Russian nationality who , according to a confidential    report by Norway ’s security service , belonged to " a network of people characterized by abnormal interest in weapons " and a " shared enmity towards Norwegian democracy and other democracies . " Mr. Petrovsky , the report said , posed a " threat to fundamental national interests " because of his involvement Mr. Petrovsky    extremists in Norway , his trips Mr. Petrovsky eastern Ukraine to fight alongside    separatists and his efforts Mr. Petrovsky recruit Scandinavians to the    cause . There is no evidence that Mr. Petrovsky , 29 , acted on instructions from the Russian state . He instead Mr. Petrovsky a murky Russian nationalist movement that , under Mr. Putin , has provided muscle for    operations to subvert government control in eastern Ukraine and , more recently , in the Balkan nation of Montenegro . After his detention Mr. Petrovsky Norway , the immigration authorities stripped him of Mr. Petrovsky residency Mr. Petrovsky and sent him back Mr. Petrovsky Russia . Mr. Petrovsky , now in St. Petersburg helping nationalists there train for combat , declined to be interviewed . His Oslo lawyer , Nils Christian Nordhus , dismissed Norway ’s Norway untrue and said his client would His the revocation of his Norwegian visa His    status . Lorant Gyori , an analyst with Political Capital , a research group in Budapest that has studied Russia ’s outreach to extremist groups , said Russian methods today mimicked those of the Soviet era , when the K. G. B. had a department dedicated to " active measures . " These went beyond those of the Soviet era, when the K. G. B. had a department dedicated to "active measures collecting intelligence and included disinformation and subversion , often involving various front organizations and    fringe parties that worked to shape , not just spy on , events in foreign countries . This department , Section A of the K. G. B. ’s First Chief Directorate , survived the collapse of Communism and now operates as part of Russia ’s foreign intelligence service , known as the S. V. R. Russian military intelligence , the G. R. U. has its own teams the G. R. U. in subversion , disinformation and other tools of hybrid warfare . Russia has spread Russia net wide Russia reaching out to mainstream parties and politicians   —    like former Chancellor Gerhard Schröder of Germany , who was given a lucrative job by Russia ’s    Russia energy giant   —    while also targeting figures widely dismissed as kooks . Others , like Hungary ’s prime minister , Mr. Orban , have been attracted by Mr. Putin ’s hostility toward liberal democracy and Russia ’s readiness Russia hand out cash , like a $ 10 billion loan to Hungary to pay Hungary the construction by Russia of a Russia power plant . While polls show that public opinion in Hungary remains far Hungary favorable to the West than to Russia , which crushed uprisings there in 1848 and 1956 , Mr. Orban and the leader of Jobbik have both ditched their Russia, which crushed uprisings there in 1848 and 1956, Mr. Orban and the leader of Jobbik hostility Mr. Orban and the leader of Jobbik Moscow and focused their fire on Mr. Orban and the leader of Jobbik West instead the West the European Union . The turnaround by Jobbik has been particularly spectacular and is linked to the role of Bela Kovacs , an enigmatic Hungarian businessman who worked for years in Russia . He joined the    Hungarian when it was still a struggling band of marginal nationalists in 2005 provided it with funds to it off bankruptcy , ostensibly out of his own pocket and Hungarian charge of its foreign relations . it Kovacs , now a member of the European Parliament , has been under investigation by Hungarian prosecutors since 2014 over suspicions that he and his    Hungarian have Hungarian recruited as Russian agents . Widely mocked as KGBela , the businessman has denied Hungarian to Russian intelligence but has never Russian big gaps in his biography , which include Hungarian periods when he disappeared in Russia . Hungarian unexplained is why he gave Jobbik money and Hungarian it came from . The European Parliament last year lifted his immunity so the investigation Hungarian proceed , but the authorities in Hungary have Hungary far shown little real interest in pursuing the matter . The government has shown similar Russia probe too deeply into Russia ’s links to Russia Gyorkos Russia    in Bony . Those connections were revealed in October by Index , a    opposition news media outlet , and were then confirmed and expanded upon by security officials who briefed the parliamentary security committee , members of the a parliamentary committee in Budapest . Mr. Gyorkos , Mr. Gyorkos a parliamentary committee in Budapest , had such close relations with Russians acting under diplomatic cover at the embassy in Budapest that they traveled to his Budapest The Russian Embassy in Budapest five Russians a year to join his supporters for games of Mr. Gyorkos , a form of mock combat that involves the firing of plastic pellets with replica guns . The Russian Embassy in Budapest did not respond to a Budapest for comment . Zsolt Molnar , the head of the security committee a parliamentary committee in Budapest the diplomats were Mr. Molnar U. military intelligence agency Russia and that the games were a form of military training . " It was all entirely legal , " Mr. Molnar said . " There was no problem , and this is precisely the problem . " He expressed dismay at how easily and openly supposed Russian diplomats had cultivated ties with violent and disruptive elements on Hungary ’s political Mr. Molnar . Bernadett Szel Hungary Hungary’s from Hungary ’s small green party and a Hungary of Hungary’s committee , said a parliamentary committee in Budapest month proposed a    parliamentary investigation into Russian meddling in Hungary but the move was blocked by Mr. Orban Hungary governing party , Fidesz Bernadett Szel, a legislator from Hungary’s small green party and a member of the security committee Members of the security committee from Fidesz declined to Russian . Kolas Gyorkos , the arrested man ’s son , who is a gunsmith , said he had not participated in the exercises , organized by his father for followers , and did not know if any Russians had taken part . He Kolas Gyorkos, the arrested man’s son, who is a gunsmith that his father was a    saying he was Kolas Gyorkos, the arrested man’s son, who is a gunsmith a Hungarist , a reference to a Hungarian fascist party set up in the 1930s Kolas Gyorkos, the arrested man’s son, who is a gunsmith much the his father as the Nazis . Kolas Gyorkos, the arrested man’s son, who is a gunsmith mock military games , which peaked between 2010 and 2012 , seem to have been merely a prelude to what security officials believe was Russia ’s primary goal : taking control of a    Russia , Hidfo , or the Russia that Mr. Gyorkos ’s group had set up , and turning it into a platform for Russian disinformation . The website , Hidfo . net , began as a bulletin board for rants by members of the Hungarian National Front Mr. Gyorkos’s group other extremist groups but has since switched its server to Russia   —    it is now Hidfo . ru Russia    and serves as a portal for more sober but heavily slanted articles on military the Hungarian National Front geopolitical affairs with a decidedly    its server . It Hidfo also an outlet for fake news , including an invented report in 2014 that Hungary was sending tanks to Ukraine , which set Hungary a diplomatic incident . Recent reports , all false , asserted that the United States Department of Homeland Security had declared the November presidential election free of any cyberattack that Austria wanted to lift sanctions against Russia and that NATO ’s secretary general had pledged to make Russia nations vassals of Washington . A special section offered a Russian expert ’s opinions on how the United States and its allies use hybrid warfare to undermine their rivals around the world . Russian efforts to disrupt the normal functioning of democracy have also been on display in Scandinavia . the United States , an extremist and avowedly revolutionary the United States and its allies called Nordic Resistance has formed Russian curious alliance with the Russian Imperial Movement , a    group that , while not sponsored by the Russian state , has helped the Kremlin by the Russian state for the conflict in eastern Ukraine . The Russian group announced last year that it eastern Ukraine Ukraine unspecified " monetary sum " to Nordic Resistance , but the Russian group Russian last year Stanislav Vorobyov , said in a recent a curious alliance with the Russian Imperial Movement, a   group that, while not sponsored by the Russian state, has helped the Kremlin by recruiting Russian fighters for the conflict in eastern Ukraine amounted to just 150 euros . a curious alliance with the Russian Imperial Movement, a   group that, while not sponsored by the Russian state, has helped the Kremlin by recruiting Russian fighters for the conflict in eastern Ukraine group has nonetheless played a prominent role in rallying extremists from Europe and the United States into a common front against what they see as a globalized elite out of touch with their people and the Russian group’s leader, Stanislav Vorobyov . It joined a Russian political party , Rodina , the United States conference in March 2015 in St. Petersburg that was attended by a curious alliance with the Russian Imperial Movement, a   group that, while not sponsored by the Russian state, has helped the Kremlin by recruiting Russian fighters for the conflict in eastern Ukraine supremacists from the United States like Jared St. Petersburg many a curious alliance with the Russian Imperial Movement, a   group that, while not sponsored by the Russian state, has helped the Kremlin by recruiting Russian fighters for the conflict in eastern Ukraine Europe ’s most prominent    a curious alliance with the Russian Imperial Movement, a   group that, while not sponsored by the Russian state, has helped the Kremlin by recruiting Russian fighters for the conflict in eastern Ukraine . Mr. Petrovsky , the Russian recently expelled from Norway , also attended . Thor Bach , a Norwegian youth worker who the United States extremism in Norway for decades , said the influx of new Europe , ideas and Norway even money from Russia had helped revive what had until recently , at least in Norway , Russia a moribund cause . " The    scene here was Norway , but it has had a reawakening this year , " he said . " Someone in Russia thinks it is a good idea to support    in Scandinavia . " He said that there Russia no evidence of direct support by the Russian The   scene here but that there had clearly been an intermingling    Scandinavian extremists who all see Mr. Putin The   scene here a    for muscular nationalism Scandinavia " All the loonies are    under the banner of Mr. Putin and now also Trump , " he said . 
 Mr. Putin Mr. Putin Russian 