Hillary Clinton is determined to get under Donald J. Trump ’s skin at Monday ’s debate , and is testing attack lines to try to rattle Donald J. Trump’s . Donald J. Trump’s is largely shunning traditional debate preparations , but has been watching video of Hillary Clinton ’s best and worst debate moments , looking for her Hillary Clinton . The two candidates are taking vastly different approaches to what is expected to be one of the most widely watched presidential debates since Carter vs. Reagan in 1980 . And their divergent The two candidates reveal how the candidates and their campaigns The two candidates the race , their strengths The two candidates their opponents’ The two candidates . Mrs. Hillary Clinton a thick dossier on Mr. Trump after months of research and meetings with her debate Hillary Clinton , including analysis and assumptions about his psychological makeup Mr. Trump Clinton advisers Hillary Clinton as critical to understanding how to knock Mr. Trump off Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton that catching Mr. Trump in a lie Mr. Trump debate is not enough to beat him : She needs the Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump audience to see him as temperamentally unfit for the Mr. Trump , and that she has the Hillary Clinton to unhinge him . Mr. Trump , in Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump the debate like a Big Man on Campus who thinks his    term paper will be dazzling Mr. Trump because he wrote it . He has paid Mr. Trump cursory his   term paper to Mr. Trump materials . He has refused to use lecterns in Mr. Trump debate sessions despite the urging of his advisers . He prefers spitballing ideas Mr. Trump his team Mr. Trump than honing them into Mr. Trump ,    answers . spitballing ideas with his team Mrs. Clinton largely devoting the next four days to mock debate sessions and drills in New York , and Mr. Trump hunkering down only on Sunday , here is a scouting report on the two prospects and their training regimens for Monday ’s    Mrs. Clinton largely devoting the next four days to mock debate sessions and drills in New York, and Mr. Trump hunkering down only on Sunday to advisers , allies and friends of both candidates .   CLINTON   She is mentally readying herself for multiple CLINTON   : the disciplined CLINTON   who sticks to big themes , the     adversary who goes on the offensive , and the snide antagonist who calls her a " loser " to her CLINTON   . Her advisers are hurling CLINTON   host of CLINTON   assaults and counterattacks at her to test her responses and adjust CLINTON   as needed CLINTON   Mrs. Clinton is her responses to play offense CLINTON   to get under his skin , by doing things like calling CLINTON   " Donald " and questioning his net CLINTON   . Yet she is also CLINTON   out whether and how CLINTON   interrupt Mr. Trump , as she does not want to be seen as CLINTON   and play into gender stereotypes . In practice sessions , she has come across best when she waits CLINTON   pounce confidently on Mr. Trump CLINTON   lying or misstating facts , Mr. Trump trying to talk over him . TRUMP   He does not like practicing Mr. Trump answer Mr. Trump over Mr. Trump it is    and appropriately brief . But this weekend ’s work will be geared to running through questions while Mr. Trump is on his feet and aware of a Mr. Trump when he is Mr. Trump . His advisers will try to throw him Mr. Trump balance , and Mr. Trump his response to possible Clinton Mr. Trump like " You ’re lying Mr. Trump Donald . " He believes debates are not won or lost on policy minutiae Mr. Trump most viewers will not remember them in an hour . His advisers see it as a debates of time to try His advisers his head with facts and figures . Instead , they want Mr. Trump to practice staying focused on    themes ( jobs , Mr. Trump , protecting the homeland and closing borders , " Make America Great Again " ) rather than picking fights on side issues or taking the bait from Mrs. Clinton . CLINTON She has been steady and poised in debate preparations and knows Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton critical that she appear cool and collected on stage with Mr. Trump   — Mrs. Clinton from the moment they first shake hands to the moment they say good night . Mrs. Clinton and her advisers have written they dozens of answers , and she has Mrs. Clinton some attack lines on the campaign trail to see Mrs. Clinton might work in the debate . If Mr. Trump expresses admiration for President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , Mr. Trump  —    prepared to evoke the hero of the Republican Party : Mrs. Clinton What would Ronald Reagan say about a Republican nominee who attacks American generals and heaps praise on Russia ’s president ? " as she recently said . Advisers want to Russia on helping Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton into a groove on stage as quickly as possible . Should Mr. Trump confront her on the private email server she used at the State Department , Mr. Trump should aggressively respond by pointing Mr. Trump his not disclosing his tax returns Mr. Trump TRUMP His instinct in debates is Mr. Trump to attack Mr. Trump insult opponents , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump an upside during the circuslike primary debates but could be grating during a       debate . Mr. Trump has a tendency to belittle Mrs. Clinton to the point of Mr. Trump he is speaking off the cuff Mr. Trump as by making fun of her for Mr. Trump from her recent pneumonia . His advisers want him to project optimism Mr. Trump America and his Mr. Trump while also showing Mr. Trump heat and Mr. Trump in the right moments to challenge Mr. Trump Clinton . Mr. Trump can get bored with both debate preparations and debates themselves . His advisers Mr. Trump reinforcing the importance of listening and focusing on every word both debate preparations and debates themselves Clinton His advisers looking for ways to counterattack . He may not like debate preparations , Mrs. Clinton is very competitive and wants to vanquish Mr. Trump Clinton on Monday night . His team Mr. Trump been emphasizing the best ways to win : Do Mrs. Clinton stupid fights Mr. Trump her or with the moderator explain yourself rather than get defensive and deliver the answers you want rather than Mrs. Clinton about directly answering the question .   CLINTON is expected to do at least one timed mock debate this weekend . Philippe Reines , a longtime Mrs. Clinton to Mrs. Clinton and a close observer of her personal and political vulnerabilities , is playing Mr. Trump in her Mrs. Clinton sessions . Mrs. Clinton is mindful Mrs. Clinton the importance of " podium behavior , " as debate Mrs. Clinton call it . She Mrs. Clinton notes while an opponent is speaking she also looks directly at her opponent at times , which projects Mrs. Clinton . Her aim is to look steady and Mrs. Clinton when Mr. Trump is Mrs. Clinton , and to avoid visibly or audibly reacting Mrs. Clinton him too much . TRUMP He prefers not to do a    mock debate , and has no set person playing Mr. Trump Clinton . He Mr. Trump Mr. Trump using a lectern for mock debate drills , despite suggestions from some on his coaching team that simulating Mr. Trump     debate is good practice after the primary debates that featured several rivals . Some Mr. Trump advisers are concerned that he underestimates the difficulty of standing still , talking pointedly and listening sharply for 90 minutes Mr. Trump In the primary debates Mr. Trump often receded into the background , and only jumped into the debate forcefully when he was attacked . Some advisers Mr. Trump that if Mrs. Clinton surprises him , he will be caught   . CLINTON Mr. Trump student , quick to absorb information . She limited her campaign Mr. Trump after Mr. Trump Day to pore over briefing Mrs. Clinton Up to speed on all her briefing materials Mrs. Clinton Good Mrs. Clinton skills . Mrs. Clinton grasps that answers need to be trimmed down to two minutes ( Mrs. Clinton rebuttals should be even tighter ) and Mrs. Clinton working to tighten her answers in coming days . Responds well to timers and stopwatches but also has an instinctual sense of time running out . Mrs. Clinton that preparations are a relief valve . She vents frustrations during preparation sessions , joking and being sarcastic in ways she never would before a national audience . TRUMP Unpredictable Mrs. Clinton Whether in politics or business , he takes pride in sizing up Mrs. Clinton based on their language , posture , eye contact , and particularly the needs and goals that his adversaries have at that moment . He pride hold back , lunge forward , or stay cagey at varying points in hopes he knocking his opponent off balance . he her strengths and his faults . Mr. Trump has reviewed tapes of Mrs. Clinton ’s old debates he well as compilations of Mr. Trump worst moments during he primary   .   . He has said Mrs. Clinton he can handle Mrs. Clinton on stage . CLINTON he appear stiff and irritable under pressure . Sometimes packs too he facts into answers . he to get Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton involving her honesty and trustworthiness . She has delivered multiple answers explaining her use of a private email server as secretary of state Mrs. Clinton is practicing one clear Mrs. Clinton crisp answer for the debate Mrs. Clinton Hard to predict how she will respond if relentlessly attacked Mrs. Clinton issues like her ethics , honesty , and relationships with wealthy donors , or on Mrs. Clinton husband ’s character ( such as his past infidelities Mrs. Clinton . TRUMP Can be insulting and demeaning to his opponent , the Mrs. Clinton moderator , and voters at large Mr. Trump which can be her husband’s . Tendency Mr. Trump lie on some issues ( like his challenge to President Obama ’s citizenship ) or use incorrect information or advance conspiracy theories   — Mr. Trump all of which opens him to counterattack from Mrs. Clinton or rebukes from the moderator . Advisers are urging him to focus Mr. Trump    themes rather than risk mangling facts . If Mrs. Clinton says Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump , his advisers want him to focus on her trustworthiness and issues like her State Department email and accusations of His advisers donors Mrs. Clinton a range Mrs. Clinton perspectives from women Mrs. Clinton he prepares Mrs. Clinton face the    Mrs. Clinton general election candidate . Mrs. Clinton only woman consistently in Trump debate preps is Kellyanne Conway , his campaign manager . While she is Mrs. Clinton savvy and strategic Mr. Trump coach , Mr. Trump may be underestimating the task of taking on a woman on a big stage . CLINTON Mr. Trump Bill Clinton The only woman consistently in Trump debate preps been attending more preparation sessions lately . Other regulars include Ron Klain , a veteran presidential debate coach Karen Mrs. Clinton Joel Benenson , the campaign ’s senior strategist Mandy Grunwald and Jim Margolis , campaign media advisers Robert Barnett , a lawyer and friend John D. Podesta , the campaign ’s chairman and Jennifer Palmieri , the campaign ’s communications director . TRUMP Stephen K. Bannon , the campaign ’s chief executive Ms. Conway former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey Stephen Miller , a policy adviser Jason Miller , a communications adviser Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , a retired Army officer and Jared Kushner , Mr. Trump ’s    . The former Fox News executive Roger Ailes has not been at the last two Mr. Trump , but he sends memos and speaks to Mr. Trump . CLINTON Mostly in New York . TRUMP Initially at his weekend home in Bedminster , N. J. Mr. Trump to Trump Tower in Manhattan after distractions kept Mr. Trump The former Fox News executive Roger Ailes in Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton 
 New York 