The holidays mean large extended family gatherings , hours of cooking and a group of people who do n’t typically interact in person , all confined to one location and trying to act festive . It ’s the reality show version of your family . When you return from your holiday visit , you may be exhausted for days afterward , finding it hard to focus and return to your regular routine . It feels as if you took the    from Phoenix , but in reality it was a quick    flight from Cleveland . This is family jet lag . As with traditional jet lag , the problem is the result of a disruption of your normal routine . Family jet lag works both ways , affecting both travelers and those who receive     relatives . It ’s not that you do n’t want to see your family , but the fact that you see your family in person only once or twice a year means that you have a limited opportunity to discuss difficult issues best dealt with    .    ’s more than just the tryptophan , two kinds of potatoes and three kinds of pie that wear you out during family celebrations . According to Dr. Adam Fried , a clinical psychologist in Scottsdale , Ariz. the connection between emotional stress and physical exhaustion is not in your head . " Many times we may not even realize the level of our anxiety   —    or the resulting consequences , like extreme fatigue   —    until well after the event has passed , " until well after the event has passed explained . Only adding tension is the fact that for people who have to travel to spend time with people who have to travel to spend time with their family family , this typically means using precious , limited vacation days . Again , it ’s not that we do n’t want to use we time off to see we family , but given the fact that the trip can be tiring , doing so in lieu of a vacation hits hard . Dr. Fried said many clients describe many clients family jet lag and holiday stress as " an overwhelming ,      sense of dread and avoidance , " and the first step is to identify what , specifically , about the holidays is stressful . " For some , it ’s the pressure   —    whether consciously or not   —    felt by many to create what many believe to be the ‘ perfect’ holiday experience , "    explained . Some believe that Some have to make every aspect of Some family celebrations conform to Some preconceived notion of what the " perfect " holiday experience entails , Dr. Fried said . And the divisive presidential election did n’t help , adding an extra sprinkle of tension to families that include both Trump and Clinton voters . So how is it possible to not only survive the holidays this year with your family , but enjoy your family ? Dr. Fried emphasized that different strategies like daily mindfulness and meditation techniques may provide relief for some , while for others ,    strategies , exercise or pharmacological interventions may be most effective . Specifically , he Dr. Fried thoughtful planning well before the family gathering , including establishing rules   —    that you may or may not communicate to your family   —    of how you will handle potentially    interactions . It may also help to inform your family that certain topics are absolutely " " for discussion throughout the trip ( see : picks for the incoming cabinet positions , your lack of a spouse and children , whether or not there should be sour cream in mashed potatoes ) . Of course , all the thoughtful planning in the world will not always cut it all the thoughtful planning in the world " Often it all the thoughtful planning in the world easiest just to fall into the same patterns of interacting with family , even if these are emotionally destructive , " Dr. Fried said . " Indeed , the hardest part can be establishing   —    and sticking to   —    new responses and behaviors . " And like traditional jet lag , family jet lag can also have a big impact on your sleep , said Dr. Dr. Metzger " During holiday travel , it is so easy to start sacrificing hours of sleep to get that    packing in , rise before the sun for that 6 a. m. flight or even just to have a late night catching up with loved ones , " Dr. Metzger explained . " Those lost hours of sleep will have our bodies ( and minds ) running on fumes before dinnertime . " Disrupted sleep patterns also make us prone to reduce normal activity levels and gain weight , according our Dr. Richard Rose , chief executive of Sommetrics , a company focused on sleep quality . " Our sense of    is diminished , " he said . The decreased sleep time and quality results in irritability    problems concentrating , anxiety and even sad feelings for some , Dr. Metzger noted . " Holidays are already hectic and can be    for some   —    especially those dealing with loss . " Despite the festive chaos , there are steps you can take to improve your sleep   —    and ideally , your overall experience   —    while you ’re traveling to visit family . The first is not to be afraid to ask for help . " You have made it to your family ’s house for the holiday and they ’re so excited to see your kids . Now use that support your family’s hand those kids over and get some more rest , " Dr. Metzger suggested your kids Fried suggested establishing firm departure dates and not being afraid to stay in Dr. Metzger if it provides the respite you need . Dr. Metzger ’s final tip is probably the firm departure dates : Learning to say no . Dr. Metzger yes to things that fit into your schedule with the rest you need , " she said . " You ca n’t do everything . " 
 Dr. Metzger 