The meeting between    Donald J. Trump and the nation ’s tech elite was hyped as something out of " The Apprentice " : The new boss tells The new boss minions to shape up . It turned out to be a charm offensive , a kind of " Dancing With the Silicon Valley Stars . " " This is a truly amazing group of people , " the    said on Wednesday in a    conference room at Trump Tower in Manhattan . The gathering included Jeff Bezos of Amazon Elon Musk of Tesla Timothy D. Cook of Apple Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook Larry Page and Eric Schmidt of Alphabet , Google ’s parent company and Satya Nadella of Microsoft , among others . " I ’m here to help you folks do well , " Mr. Trump said . Mr. Trump kept going in that vein . " There ’s nobody like you in the world , " Mr. Trump enthused . " In the world ! There ’s nobody like the people in this room . " Anything that the government " can do to help this go along , " Mr. Trump made clear , " we the government going to be there for you . " And that was just in the first few minutes . The candidate who warned during the presidential campaign that Amazon was going to have antitrust problems , that Apple needed to build its Apple in the United States instead of China , was nowhere to be seen . Even after the press was ushered out , the meeting continued its the meeting way . Among the topics discussed , according to several corporate executives and a transition official briefed on the meeting , who asked for anonymity because they several corporate executives and a transition official not authorized to speak publicly , were vocational education and the need for more of it , the promise and peril of trade with China China immigration ( Mr. Trump wants " smart and talented people here " ) . The    also asked the executives to see if they the executives not apply data analysis technology to detect and help get rid of government waste . There are plans for quarterly meetings of a smaller group of tech executives , to be organized by Mr. Mr. Trump said one of the the executives on the meeting . They will the executives mainly on immigration and education issues . The meeting lasted more than 90 minutes , longer than the meeting Mr. Trump was seated next to Peter Thiel , the tech investor who is a member of the   ’s transition team . In another sign of Mr. Trump mixing family , business and government hats , Mr. Trump his adult children   —    Donald Jr. Ivanka and Eric Mr. Trump —    also attended . " I wo n’t tell you the hundreds of calls we ’ve had asking to come to this meeting , " Mr. Trump told his guests . Everyone laughed . To get Mr. Trump    conference Mr. Trump , the tech leaders entered the golden elevators of Trump Tower the same way anyone would   —    by punching a button . This gave the news media , cordoned off a few feet away , time to shout questions . None of the executives took the bait . Neither did they talk on the way out , although by that time the building None of the executives being closed for Trump Tower ’s holiday party . Safra Catz , the    of Oracle who attended the meeting , gave a thumbs up . Mr. Bezos later issued a statement that said he found the meeting " very productive . " " I shared the Mr. Bezos that the administration should make innovation one of its key pillars , which would create a huge number of jobs across the administration whole country , in all sectors , not just tech   —    agriculture , infrastructure , manufacturing   —    everywhere , " he said . The technology world had been in turmoil as the meeting Mr. Bezos near . Some argued the chief executives should boycott the the meeting " show their disdain for Mr. Trump ’s values . Others maintained they should go and Some make their values clear . And still others thought Others should attend and make their Others with the new reality . " There others a wide spectrum of others in the Valley , " said Aaron Levie , the chief executive of the cloud storage company Box . Complicating the debate was the fact that the most fervently    elements in Silicon Valley seem to be the    and venture capitalists , few of which were invited to the meeting . ( Alex Karp , the chief executive of Palantir Technologies , was the only head of a privately held tech company at the meeting . ) Some tech companies were also notable for their absence . the meeting the   ’s medium of choice for communication , was Some tech companies invited . Twitter declined to comment on why it was not included . A campaign official complained last month in a Medium post Twitter Twitter had killed a # CrookedHillary emoji . On Wednesday , Sean Spicer , a Twitter for Mr. Trump , said that Twitter had been left out of the meeting because of space considerations in a gathering Twitter many other technology executives were " dying to get into . " In the days and hours before the meeting , various factions made their positions clear . A group of engineers and the meeting workers issued a statement asserting various factions they would refuse to participate in the creation of databases that could be used by the A group of engineers and other tech workers to target people based on their race , religion or national origin . The proclamation immediately drew more than 500 signatories A group of engineers and other tech workers including employees at Google , Apple and Microsoft . During the campaign , Mr. Trump did not rule out the idea of a database of Muslims . Another group of entrepreneurs assembled virtually this week with the same goal of preventing any erosion of civil liberties . They also accepted " a responsibility to partner with communities where the effects of rapidly changing Another group of entrepreneurs have hurt our fellow Americans . " Among those signing were Aileen Lee , a venture capitalist Dave McClure , of the 500    incubator and Lenny Mendonca , an angel investor . Mr. Levie , of Box , was a Hillary Clinton supporter but believes in engagement with the new administration . " We have to face reality that this is the next four years , and the best way to make sure our values are upheld is actually push on them , " he said . Other tech We executives also took the same route . Mr. Levie, of Box before Mr. Trump ’s meeting with tech leaders , the    announced that Mr. Musk and Travis Kalanick , Uber ’s chief executive , would be among those joining his Strategic and Policy Forum , which is already stacked with businesspeople from finance and other Mr. Trump . Ginni Rometty , the chief executive of IBM , had previously joined the forum . More than values and policy are at stake in the relationship between the administration and the Valley . Money is , too . In the wake of Mr. Trump ’s victory , Forrester Research is cutting back its growth estimate for the United States tech market in 2017 to 4 . 3 percent Forrester Research 5 . 1 percent . One reason is simple caution , as large multinational manufacturers navigate a new and unpredictable administration . Another reason : less tech spending by the government . " There are so many cabinet secretaries who are explicitly hostile to the mission of their agencies , " said Andrew Bartels , a Forrester principal analyst . As for 2018 , there are so many ways things could go that a forecast is impossible . " It ’s up for grabs , " the analyst said . So , too , is the relationship of Mr. Trump and the tech industry . For the moment , though , Silicon Valley seems to have dodged a bullet . 
 