WASHINGTON   —    Kellyanne Conway , one of    Donald J. Trump ’s senior advisers , was about to board a flight back to New York on Monday morning when Donald J. Trump caught a glimpse of the headline crawling across television screens in the terminal . " SOURCES : Donald J. Trump ‘ FURIOUS’ OVER CONWAY COMMENTS ABOUT ROMNEY , " screamed the headline on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe " program . CONWAY quickly dialed Mr. Trump , as well as Jared Kushner , his     and confidant , seeking reassurance that the the headline on MSNBC’s "Morning Joe" program wrong . She CONWAY it . the headline on MSNBC’s "Morning Joe" program Conway , the Republican pollster and strategist who managed Mr. Trump ’s improbable campaign , said the    Mr. Trump surprised nor angered by her CONWAY excoriation a day earlier of former Gov. Mitt Romney of Massachusetts , a top prospect for secretary of state in the Trump administration . " When he ’s upset with someone , they know it , " Ms. Conway said in a telephone interview late Monday afternoon . While her public display Ms. Conway have bothered some members of Mr. Trump ’s transition team , by all accounts , her close relationship Ms. Conway the next occupant of the Oval Office remains secure . Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump’s statement emailed Monday evening by his spokeswoman , Hope Mr. Trump’s , said : " Kellyanne came to me and asked whether Mr. Trump’s not she could go Ms. Conway with her thoughts on Ms. Conway matter . I encouraged her to do Ms. Conway . Most importantly she fully acknowledged Ms. Conway is only one person that makes the decision . She has always Ms. Conway a tremendous asset and that will continue . " To those on the outside of the Trump transition , her remarks on Ms. Conway had all the hallmarks of a political staff member gone rogue . Amid reports of intense    deliberations over who should be secretary of state , Ms. Conway had Ms. Conway on committing a heretical political act by an aide : boxing in her boss . She Ms. Conway on Twitter Ms. Conway a " deluge " of concerns from conservatives and appeared repeatedly on television , insisting that a Romney appointment would be seen by Mr. Trump ’s supporters as a " betrayal . " But little in Mr. Trump ’s universe is Mr. Trump’s In fact , people familiar with the dynamic inside Trump Tower   —    who were granted anonymity to discuss the unusual process that Mr. Trump has allowed for his Mr. Trump’s —    said Ms. Mr. Trump’s had been neither insubordinate nor acting directly on the   ’s instruction . By denouncing Mr. Romney even as Mr. Trump was preparing for their second Mr. Trump’s this time over dinner on Tuesday , Ms. Conway was simply doing what she knows Ms. Conway likes : encouraging a public Ms. Conway Mr. Trump’s views when he is unsure of what path to take . Mr. Trump’s The    would never need to turn on a TV station to find out how I feel about anything or anyone   —    he would already know it , " she said Mr. Trump’s noting that she had not said anything Ms. Conway that she had not Ms. Conway shared with Mr. Trump privately . Ms. Conway It would be a mistake to think that I communicate with him through the TV . " What some saw Mr. Trump’s the weekend as an act of political defiance by Ms. Conway   —    undermining a potential cabinet nominee   —    was seen by Mr. Trump as a demonstration of loyalty , according to Mr. Trump had talked to him . Her criticism of Mr. Romney articulated a view her Mr. Trump had Ms. Conway   times expressed : that Mr. Romney had Ms. Conway   to " hurt " him during the Mr. Romney had yet to fully acknowledge it or Mr. Romney . " There was the Never Trump movement , the campaign then there was Gov. Mitt Romney , " she said on ABC , adding later , " I only Ms. Conway   Governor Romney had been as critical of Hillary Clinton " during the Gov. Mitt Romney . During the primaries , Mr. Romney called Mr. Trump a " fraud " and a " phony Gov. Mitt Romney A decision on the secretary of state position could come this week , although Mr. Trump sent more mixed signals on Monday after interviewing retired Gen. David H. Mr. Trump the post . " Was very impressed ! " Mr. Trump posted on Twitter after the hourlong meeting . But if it is still Mr. Trump will lead the State Department , it is virtually certain that Ms. Conway will remain close to Mr. Trump , whether as it is still unclear who will lead the State Department influential West Wing aide or , in a move that Mr. Trump likely , as an outside adviser with guaranteed access to the president . After initially working for a " super PAC " supporting Senator Ted Cruz ’s Mr. Trump , she has become one of the few calming influences on Mr. Trump , and someone he sees as Ms. Conway loyal to him . Her allies describe her job as " the Kellyanne role Mr. Trump " a position in which Mr. Trump precise Ms. Conway does not Ms. Conway capture the duties she is performing or the sway she has . Ms. Conway has a direct line to Mr. Trump Ms. Conway and she has said that Ms. Conway is supportive Ms. Conway her on television . The    is also well aware Ms. Conway she is one Ms. Conway his only female surrogates Ms. Conway and one who has become his ambassador to the news Ms. Conway . " She ’s the first person who was able to develop a his internally and articulate that strategy externally , Ms. Conway said Frank Luntz , a Republican pollster who worked with Ms. Conway in the early 1990s . " She put a context to everything where there was no context before . " Mr. Trump made clear throughout Ms. Conway campaign when he was unhappy with those speaking for him on television . Some cable bookers have been quietly told not Mr. Trump refer to someone as a " Mr. Trump " for the campaign on a given day if the person has fallen out of favor . On a conference call with top supporters at one point , Mr. Trump denounced some of his own aides and said they did not speak for him . That is Mr. Trump problem that Ms. Conway Mr. Trump encountered . Ms. Conway some of his own aides on Monday that she Mr. Trump spoken with Mr. Trump a number of times over the weekend , Ms. Conway range of topics . She Ms. Conway several conversations Mr. Trump , she said , about how to be " a face of the administration , " Ms. Conway what that precisely Mr. Trump remains unclear Ms. Conway And so far , her style of service on Mr. Trump ’s behalf has left many who are used to a more traditional definition of spokeswoman Ms. Conway about what to Mr. Trump Joe Scarborough , the MSNBC host whose show is closely watched by Mr. Trump , accused Ms. Conway of trying to " intimidate the " adding that " now all world leaders will be Mr. Trump see if a President Trump can be bullied by his staff . " Ms. Conway responded to Mr. Scarborough on Twitter by saying , " Repeating 100th time decision is his   I a President Trump respect it , Ms. Conway adding , Joe Scarborough already have the job I want . " 
 Joe Scarborough 