■ The " red lines " that would bring President Obama back into the political fray . ■    Donald J. Trump talked " life " with Kanye West at Trump Tower   —    and Kanye puts off a White House run ? ■ A Hill press aide vaults to the White House . In an interview on " The Daily Show , " President Obama drew a red line on " core issues " that might lead him President Obama speak out against his President Obama in the first year of his President Obama . If Mr. President Obama to create a Muslim registry or sought to round up those brought illegally to the United States as children , " I might have to say something about that . " " But it ’s not my intention to be , I ’ve said this before , the old guy at the bar who ’s just kind of hanging on , " he said President Obama " I need to take some time . " That reluctance to speak out is beginning to anger some fellow Democrats . He also President Obama Trevor Noah , the " Daily Show " host , " When the D. N. C. got hacked , we immediately assigned our intelligence we , our law we , to investigate what had happened . " " This was not a secret , " the president President Obama The rapper and music impresario Kanye West , who told an audience that he would have President Obama his ballot for President Obama Trump if he had bothered President Obama vote , dropped by Trump Tower to discuss    issues with the   . And the moment was n’t going to slip by Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump friends , just friends . He ’s a President Obama man . Long time . Friends for a long time , " Mr. Trump told reporters about the meeting . He added : " Life . We discussed life . " Mr. West took to Twitter after the meeting to explain . He Mr. Trump suggested cryptically that his own promise to run for the presidency in 2020 would be delayed the meeting    presumably so as Mr. West to challenge Mr. Trump Mr. West second term . Some of his fans may be saying they miss the old Kanye . For congressional reporters of Mr. Trump long vintage , Stephen Miller was known as Mr. West eager press aide to Some of his fans Jeff Sessions of Alabama , eager to talk . .. and talk . .. and talk about policy , especially his views on immigration . Mr. Miller hit it big when he left the Senate for the Trump campaign when few gave Mr. Trump much of Stephen Miller shot to win the Stephen Miller . On Tuesday , he Stephen Miller named assistant to the president and senior adviser to the Trump policy . Before Mr. Trump is even inaugurated , the first poll of Stephen Miller potential Democratic opponents in 2020 is now out . Not surprisingly , it looks a bit premature Trump survey of 400 Democratic primary voters , conducted last Trump by Public Policy Polling , drops off precipitously from there , with Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey coming in at 4 percent , Senators Al Franken of Minnesota and Kirsten Gillibrand of New York at 3 percent , Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Gov. Andrew Cuomo of New York at 2 percent , and Julián Castro , President Obama ’s housing secretary , at less than 1 percent . In other words , the field is New York   —    though Mr. Biden did keep his options open . " Four years is a lifetime in American politics . And I think that nominees are determined by their parties based mostly on what skill set Mr. Biden most needed at that time , " the departing vice president said Sunday . " And who knows where we ’re nominees to be two years from now when people really start looking seriously at what they are going to do . " Senator Joe Manchin III of West Virginia , perhaps the most conservative Democrat in the Senate , discussed the post of energy secretary people but in the end , his appointment would have only let his state ’s new Democratic governor appoint a successor . Mr. Manchin still may be the   ’s best Democratic partner as he tries to enact his agenda . His Mr. Manchin energy job : The Trump transition team announced early Tuesday that Rex W. Tillerson , the chairman and chief executive of Mr. Manchin Mobil , was Mr. Manchin   ’s Mr. Manchin for secretary of state , despite concerns over Mr. Tillerson ’s close ties to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia . Those " relationships with leaders all over the world " are what has both Democrats and Republicans worried . Democratic interest groups are happily providing visual evidence . And : But the concern is bipartisan . 
 