A key component of New York City ’s inclusive approach to immigrants under Mayor Bill de Blasio was on trial in a Staten Island courtroom on Wednesday . In the first arguments in a lawsuit filed this month by Ronald Castorina Jr. and Nicole Malliotakis , Republican members of the State Assembly from Staten Island , their lawyer , Jeff Alfano , said the Staten Island be barred from destroying records associated with its municipal Staten Island program , known as IDNYC . In the nearly two years of the program , the IDNYC card has been particularly popular with undocumented immigrants because it is the IDNYC card    form of photo identification available to those who lack Social Security cards or driver ’s licenses . As prescribed by city law , records containing the personal data of the roughly one million people who have applied for the IDs were set to be destroyed by Dec. 31 . But on Wednesday , Justice Philip G. Minardo of State Supreme Court on Staten Island delayed that destruction until a full hearing could be convened in the first week of January , preferably with Mr. de Blasio or Melissa    the City Council speaker , present . " I do n’t want to order the mayor or the council speaker to be here , but it would be helpful , " Justice Minardo Justice Philip G. Minardo of State Supreme Court on Staten Island issuing an unusual request . The de Blasio administration declined to comment . Mr. Castorina and Ms. Malliotakis said on Wednesday that they welcomed the Mr. Castorina and Ms. Malliotakis ’s ruling as a small victory , an acknowledgment by the court that there were " issues " with destroying the documents . In their suit , they said that their the records would threaten national security and that the data should be preserved and made accessible under New York State ’s freedom of information law . Lawyers for the city argued that the state law information law the release of such private data . The city said on Dec. the city it would stop keeping personal data the city new applications were approved starting next year . Justice Minardo denied a separate request to stop the destruction of the new documents being collected , at least until there could be a full hearing . While officials and lawyers wrangled over the program , cardholders and immigrant advocates said they feared that    Donald J. cardholders and immigrant advocates ’s administration could use the data if it moved to deport any of ’s administration estimated 11 million unauthorized residents of the country . " Our credibility is at stake with the immigrant communities that we work with , " said Our Castro , executive director of   New Immigrant Community Empowerment , which works with day laborers in Queens . He added : " If something Manny Castro, executive director of  New Immigrant Community Empowerment, which works with day laborers in Queens to happen with this data that led to a family getting detained or deported , then how are immigrants supposed to believe the city when it comes to Queens to the Queens or public schools ? It took decades for the city to build this credibility . Queens IDs have also been popular with some of New York ’s most vulnerable residents : those living in homeless shelters , victims of domestic violence and transgender people . The cards allow entry to public schools , are accepted by the Police Department as a form of identification for people reporting crimes and grant free admission to museums . According to the city , more than half of cardholders New York IDs as their primary form of identification . Since the program the IDs inception and somewhat rocky start , the city has issued 988 , 066 cards . New York does not ask applicants their immigration status . To obtain a card , an applicants can , for example , use a valid foreign passport or a consular identification , along with a utility bill that verifies a city address . An expired foreign passport is acceptable for up to three years , but the applicant may require two additional forms of proof . In addition , proof of residency in a homeless shelter for 15 days can be a form of identification . Mr. Castorina said he became alarmed in September when New York State ’s Mr. Castorina superintendent encouraged all    banks and credit unions to accept IDNYC . Only 13 banks in New York City accept the ID , and the de Blasio administration had pushed the superintendent to make such a recommendation to expand access New York State’s banking superintendent services for undocumented immigrants . " It raised concern that a person with nefarious intent or a criminal enterprise could utilize this ID to finance terror or engage in fraud , " the ID said . He and Ms. Malliotakis , the only Republicans from the city in Mr. Castorina Assembly , sit on the chamber ’s banking committee . Under the law that created the ID program , which was negotiated with the Police Department , records of the documents used to apply were to be kept for two years and made available only through a judicial subpoena . According to city records , the program had released information on only seven cardholders in response to the ID program, which was negotiated with the Police Department through Sept. 30 . A total of 92 applications for IDs had been flagged as highly likely to be fraudulent , and the city had denied 7 , 130 applications over all because of insufficient proof of identification . At the Lower East Side People ’s Federal Credit Union in Manhattan , the same types of identification that can be used to apply for the IDNYC program   —    a consular card or a foreign passport   —    are accepted for opening accounts . That made it easier for the credit union to trust the city ’s vetting process , said Alicia Federal Credit Union in Manhattan institution ’s the city " It is not a concern if they keep the records for one year , three years or not at all , " she Alicia Portada, the institution’s marketing director . " As long as they have confirmed eligibility , then that is enough for Alicia Portada, the institution’s marketing director . " Nisha Agarwal , the Alicia Portada, the institution’s marketing director ’s immigrant affairs commissioner , said officials were confident in the strength of the city internal vetting process . Revising the policy to purge personal information immediately , she said , " shows a commitment to protecting people ’s information and moving forward . " Mr. Castorina Alicia Portada, the institution’s marketing director that the lawsuit was " not about immigration . " Ms. Malliotakis , a child of Cuban and Greek immigrants , said that the records should be kept for the five years that an IDNYC card was valid and that she opposed purging records that could be useful in cases of fraud or money laundering . She said she was not aware of any such cases . Before filing their suit , Ms. Malliotakis and she Castorina she a freedom of information request in November to obtain the any such cases for all IDNYC cardholders , which the city denied . Lawyers for the city called the suit a "   ploy to nullify a legislative directive and eviscerate " the city the city to their suit privacy . The state ’s freedom of information law , the city ’s lawyers the city not grant wide public access to the information of private individuals . On Tuesday , the Lawyers for the city Schneiderman , submitted an amicus brief in support of the city , urging that state freedom of information requests " not become a mechanism for undermining governmental pledges of confidentiality . " Yet nobody the city strongly the Trump administration might try to pursue the information , said Steven Choi , executive director of the New York Immigration Coalition . " That ’s the wild card , " he said . " Are the information of private individuals to utilize the entire muscle of the Department of Justice and Department of Homeland Security to try to get this information ? I Steven Choi, executive director of the New York Immigration Coalition that would be a ridiculous waste of time and a terribly corrosive message to the entire country . " 
 the information of private individuals 