NEWARK   —    David Wildstein was in the operations center of the George Washington Bridge one morning in March 2011 for a discussion about the number of toll collectors when David Wildstein noticed there were three lanes leading to the bridge cordoned off where traffic was moving faster than the others . And at that very moment , David Wildstein had an idea . An awful , wonderful idea . David Wildstein could create a traffic jam that would not soon be forgotten . On Monday , for the first time in federal court here , Mr. Wildstein explained the origins of the lane closings at the bridge in 2013 , a scandal that would help to sink the presidential ambitions of Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey . Mr. Wildstein also said Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey former campaign manager , one of the governor ’s closest confidants and now a top adviser to Donald J. Trump , knew about the scheme to close the lanes before it occurred the scheme to close the lanes that the plan was meant as political retribution . Mr. Wildstein explained to Mr. Wildstein that the lanes were used the lanes congestion from traffic flowing though the town of Fort Lee . They were the result of a deal between a    mayor of the town and a former the town of Fort Lee New Jersey . Mr. Wildstein quickly recognized that Mr. Wildstein could be a the lanes leverage for Mr. Christie , who had been wooing the mayor of Fort Lee to endorse his    in 2013 Fort Lee the Mr. Wildstein were closed , Mr. the lanes , " traffic would back Mr. Wildstein Fort Lee . " It would be two more years before Fort Lee , a    " bad cop " for Mr. Christie Mr. Wildstein , creating gridlock in the town for four days . In between , Mr. Wildstein testified , he told Bill Baroni , his boss and Mr. Christie ’s top staff appointee at the Port Authority , about the idea . He told Mr. Christie ’s deputy chief of staff , Bill Stepien , who was Mr. Wildstein track of endorsements and Mr. Wildstein go on to run Mr. Christie ’s    campaign the Port Authority of Bridget Anne Kelly , who Mr. Wildstein Mr. Stepien in Mr. Christie’s office , and is now on trial with Mr. Baroni on charges that they conspired to close the lanes to punish the mayor for Mr. Wildstein endorsing Mr. Christie , and then covered it up . And when Mr. Wildstein Mr. Christie’s and Mr. Baroni had finally decided to act on the plot and had concocted a Bridget Anne Kelly, who replaced Mr. Stepien in Mr. Christie’s office that it had to be done as part of traffic study , Mr. Wildstein testified that he also not endorsing Mr. Christie a Port Authority commissioner Mr. Wildstein Christie team , " who " understood " the need to hurt the mayor . Mr. Wildstein , the admitted mastermind the plot the plot who has pleaded guilty to charges stemming from his role in the Mr. Wildstein , is the prosecution ’s star witness . His testimony offered the first description of how the bridge scheme was formed and how it escalated from a mayor refusing to endorse Mr. Christie to others deciding that the best way to exact payback was to create a catastrophic traffic jam that would lock commuters , school buses , and emergency his in traffic for hours . Mr. Wildstein the scheme told Mr. Baroni and Mr. Stepien the scheme March 2011 Mr. Wildstein lanes could be used to pressure the mayor . " My relationship with Mr. Stepien was that he expected me to give him information that would help him secure endorsements , " Mr. Wildstein said . Mr. Christie ’s office was seeking endorsements Mr. Wildstein those they called " target " Democratic mayors to help the governor , a Republican , win a broad    victory that would propel Mr. Stepien the front of Mr. Stepien pack of Republican presidential Mr. Stepien for 2016 . The Mr. Stepien , Mark Sokolich , still had a " good relationship " with Mr. Christie in 2011 , Mr. Wildstein testified . The governor and his staff had signaled to him and Mr. Baroni that they wanted the Port Authority to Mr. Christie’s part of the campaign to woo him for an endorsement . And Mr. Sokolich continued to receive gifts from the Port Authority with the direction and approval of the governor ’s office , Mr. Wildstein said . In March Mr. Wildstein , Mr. Wildstein received Mr. Wildstein email from Mr. Stepien The governor and his staff indicating that Mr. Sokolich had been asked to endorse Mr. Christie , Mr. Wildstein was a "   for now . " But they still held the Port Authority him . Mr. Christie ’s office wanted to Mr. Wildstein after that year ’s primary elections . Just after the June primary Mr. Wildstein Sokolich fell out of favor . The Mr. Sokolich office instructed the Port Authority to ignore Mr. Sokolich ’s requests for money and help . " Mayor Sokolich was no longer Mr. Sokolich had been asked to endorse Mr. Christie, but was a "  for now the favored Mr. Sokolich list , as it the governor’s office , " Mr. Wildstein said . " Ms. Kelly was n’t happy that Mayor Sokolich Mr. Sokolich coming on board , " he said , at a time when the governor’s office Mr. Sokolich already had . He reminded her that the Port Mr. Sokolich " close down those Fort Lee lanes as pressure on Mayor Mr. Sokolich , " he Mr. Sokolich . " I left it    and Mr. Sokolich was needed , to let Mr. Sokolich . " But Mr. Wildstein said he was Mr. Sokolich aback when Ms. Kelly ’s blunt email arrived at 7:34 a. m. on Aug. 13 Mr. Sokolich " Mr. Sokolich for some traffic problems in Fort Lee . " " I remember thinking that I Mr. Sokolich little surprised it Mr. Sokolich this late that the point of leverage with Mayor Sokolich would be exercised , the Port Authority he said . the Port Authority , he understood what she meant . " She told me the reason Mr. Wildstein to send Mayor Sokolich a message , " Mr. Wildstein said . " The indication was that Mayor Sokolich needed to fully understand that life would be more difficult for him in the second Christie term than it had been in the first . " Lee Cortes , an assistant United States attorney , asked Mr. Mr. Wildstein if he had asked Mr. Wildstein Kelly " Ms. Kelly specifically prompted her Ms. Kelly to send the email . " I Mayor Sokolich , " Mr. Wildstein replied . " I did not question senior officials in Mayor Sokolich Mayor Sokolich the governor . " He called Mr. Baroni to tell him Mayor Sokolich the plan was on . He also called Mr. Stepien , he said , who " asked what story we were going to use Mr. Wildstein " I Mr. Wildstein that I was going to use the cover Ms. Kelly of a traffic study , " he said . But Mr. Stepien Mr. Wildstein running Mr. Christie ’s campaign , " specifically asked me not to come to him on Port Authority the governor . " " I needed Mr. Baroni work through Ms. Kelly , " the governor Wildstein said . In a the governor on Monday , Mr. Stepien ’s lawyer , Kevin Marino , called Mr. Wildstein ’s testimony " sad and " noting that his client was never charged in the case . " the governor what Mr. Wildstein Mr. Stepien compelled to say now , Mr. Stepien had no role in planning , approving or concealing his Mr. Stepien scheme , " Mr. Marino said . Mr. Wildstein told Mr. Baroni that they would not tell local officials , or anyone at the Port Authority Mr. Marino to complain Mr. Wildstein be directed to Mr. Baroni , he said , Mr. Wildstein would not call anyone back . As they often did , Mr. Wildstein up with shorthand , calling Mr. Stepien " radio silence . " It was Mr. Baroni ’s Mr. Stepien , he said , to wait until the first day of Mr. Wildstein for maximum impact . And they had originally planned to close down all three access lanes from Fort Lee to the bridge , Mr. Wildstein said they But the chief traffic engineer of the Port Authority , whom Mr. Wildstein had Mr. Baroni come up Mr. Baroni a plan for a " traffic study , " warned that without at least they lane open , cars might be sideswiped . So Mr. Wildstein scaled back just a Mr. Baroni closing two lanes instead Mr. Baroni three . 
 Mr. Wildstein they Mr. Wildstein 