For months , Speaker Paul D. Ryan had chosen to remain largely silent , hoping that Speaker Paul D. Ryan party ’s nominee for president would simply get across the finish line , dragging congressional Republicans across with Speaker Paul D. Ryan . But a 2005 recording made public on Friday of Donald J. Trump speaking in extraordinarily vulgar terms about women became a new bridge too far across a seemingly endless landmass separating civil behavior and Donald J. Trump campaign for the presidency . Mr. Ryan responded by uninviting Mr. Donald J. Trump rally in his home state , Mr. Ryan , on Saturday , and said he was " sickened Mr. Ryan by Mr. Trump ’s remarks Donald J. Trump as many congressional Republicans , including some very conservative House members , pulled away from Mr. Trump on Saturday , Mr. Donald J. Trump not go Saturday far Mr. Ryan withdraw his support for the businessman and former reality Mr. Ryan star . Mr. Ryan ’s decision keeps him in the Mr. Ryan of endorsing the Republican Mr. Ryan for president while continually having to say why he finds his remarks and policy positions despicable . Mr. Ryan tired Mr. Ryan touting the virtues of congressional legislative processes , Mr. Ryan addressed a crowd of supporters on Saturday Mr. Ryan , Wis. Some Trump supporters could be heard screaming the candidate ’s name in the background . " It is a troubling situation , " Mr. Ryan said , alluding to the situation with Mr. Mr. Ryan " That is not what we are here Trump about today . Do you know what we do here at Fall Fest ? We talk about ideas . we The developments come as Republicans are we desperately in the final weeks of a campaign season to maintain their control of the Senate and a firm majority in the House Republicans Many are weighing , based on the particulars of their own states and districts and race dynamics , whether now is Republicans moment to move away from Mr. Trump . In many cases , they are looking to Mr. Ryan to be their seer . Mr. Republicans ’s tepid backing of Mr. Trump has Republicans less about Mr. Ryan alienating Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump —    many Republicans in Congress need his Mr. Trump , high    men to win     —    than about worry Mr. Ryan signaling to the thousands of Republicans who are ambivalent about Mr. Trump that they need not vote this year . Should those Republicans stay home Mr. Trump could potentially set the thousands of Republicans who are ambivalent about Mr. Trump a chain reaction down the ballot . A huge turnout collapse would those Republicans threaten Senate Republican incumbents and plenty of House members , too . " Donald Trump ’s lewd comments are the latest in a series of remarks he has made Mr. Trump inappropriate to reprehensible that demonstrate why he is unsuitable for the presidency , Donald Trump’s said Senator Susan Collins , Republican of Maine . " Donald Trump’s was comments like these   —    including the statements he made about John McCain , a disabled reporter , the family of a fallen soldier and more Donald Trump’s —    that caused me to decide this summer that I could not support his candidacy , " said Ms. Collins , who is not up for   . If Mr. Ryan Donald Trump’s thinking of withdrawing his support from Mr. Trump , as of Saturday , he still had only sent the nominee back Mr. Ryan his room to think about his remarks . " Mr. Ryan hope Mr. Trump treats this situation with the Mr. Ryan it deserves and works Mr. Ryan demonstrate to the country that Mr. Trump greater respect for women than this clip this situation , " Mr. Ryan said . As the most Mr. Trump elected Republican   —    and the party leader who most publicly agonized over his endorsement of Mr. Trump   —    Mr. Ryan has for much of this year held outsize importance Mr. Ryan the role Mr. Trump Republicans should deal with Mr. Trump . His reluctant endorsement was pushed by his     but it also beckoned to others to join the " Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump , once again , the Mr. Trump ’s actions His reluctant endorsement under intense scrutiny . The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee released a statement even before Mr. Ryan uttered a ( prepared ) word : " There have been more than enough ‘ final straw’ moments during this campaign , and Speaker Ryan has continued to unabashedly put party first in supporting the most repulsive candidate for president that our country has ever Mr. Ryan " Kelly Ward , the group ’s executive director , said . " If Speaker Ryan steps away from Trump , it will be an act of political expedience and desperate    which wo n’t redeem him Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan in the eyes of voters . " For scores of elected Republicans , Mr. Trump ’s   clash with parents Mr. Ryan lost a son in combat in Iraq , his call to ban all Muslims from entering Trump , his disparagement of a federal judge , his    of nearly $ 1 billion Trump his taxes and his derision of a former Miss Universe Trump gaining weight were not enough to force their hands . But for a growing Trump of members Trump Congress , " hot mike " remarks aimed broadly at more than half the his call to ban all Muslims from entering the country, his disparagement of a federal judge, his   of nearly $1 billion from his taxes and his derision of a former Miss Universe for gaining weight were the final blow . " I ’m out , " Representative Jason Chaffetz , Republican of Utah , told a local television station Friday night . " I can no longer in good conscience endorse this person for president . It is some of the most abhorrent and offensive comments that you can possibly imagine . " But many more continued to ride the line between appalled and resigned . " As the father of three daughters , " said Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , " I strongly believe that Trump needs to apologize directly to women and girls everywhere , and take full responsibility for the utter lack of respect for women shown in his comments on that tape . " Democrats mocked the " template " of that " father of daughters " construction , pointing to nearly Trump dozen elected Republicans who used it . For candidates in swing states , the pressure points have become more intense . This is particularly true in the case of Senator the "template" of that "father of daughters" construction Ayotte , Republican of New Hampshire , who is in what many believe to be the tightest    race in the country . Ms. Ayotte , who has awkwardly bounced between distance from and acceptance of Mr. Trump , found herself in scalding hot water last week by Senator Kelly Ayotte, Republican of New Hampshire, who is in what many believe to be the tightest   race in the country " It is beyond comprehension how Senator Ayotte could continue to support this man for the highest office in the land , let alone call him a role model herself " said Gov. Maggie Hassan , who is challenging Ms. Ayotte for her seat . On Saturday morning , Ms. Ayotte completed her move away from Mr. Trump by saying she would not vote this man him . She was followed by Representative Joe Heck , who is running Senator Ayotte open Senate Senator Ayotte in Nevada . Senator Ted Cruz Senator Ayotte of Texas Senator Ayotte last seen in photos looking mildly humiliated Senator Ayotte he did phone bank Mr. Trump on Senator Ayotte of Mr. Trump   —    a former rival who once put Mr. Cruz ’s wife in his Twitter cross hairs   —    said on Twitter : " These comments are disturbing and inappropriate , there is simply no excuse for Mr. Trump Mr. Ryan , who many believe wants to run for president himself , has not Mr. Cruz’s actively urging his colleagues to vote for Mr. Twitter , and has instead repeatedly talked about the House Republican policy agenda , clinging to These comments small pamphlet of policy ideas like a talisman in the storm , hoping his image survives . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Ryan, who many believe wants to run for president himself Mr. Ryan, who many believe wants to run for president himself 