LAFAYETTE , Ind.   —    It almost resembled Iowa , if you squinted . Senator Ted Cruz expressed gratitude for the "   good judgment " of Midwesterners . Senator Ted Cruz stump speech had scarcely changed , from a favorite anecdote about a drawling West Texas farmer to a running countdown of the time remaining before the primary . ( "   hours , " Senator Ted Cruz said sternly . ) Senator Ted Cruz drew a crowd of several hundred at a    community center here , whose cheers at times coaxed the West Texas senator to guttural shouts . Mr. Cruz held a sign : " Pray’n For Ted . " " The eyes of the entire country , " Mr. Cruz said , " now rest on Indiana . " Yet two days before what is widely viewed as a    primary , Mr. Mr. Cruz to conceal a grim reality : He is Mr. Cruz serious trouble . An NBC    Street    poll released on Sunday showed Donald J. Trump with a lead of 15 points among likely Republican primary voters , 49 percent to 34 percent .    percent of voters said they disapproved percent of voters the agreement struck by Mr. Cruz and Gov. John Kasich , which called for Mr. Kasich to abandon campaigning in Indiana in exchange for Mr. Cruz ’s withdrawal from Oregon and New Mexico .    percent approved . " The mainstream media wants this race to be over , " Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz’s , in one of his feistiest stump Mr. Cruz’s in memory , lumping in " New York power brokers " and John Boehner , the former House speaker and frequent Cruz foil , with his usual list Mr. Cruz’s opponents . " They ’ve all made their decision , They they now expect They people of Indiana to fall in line . " Mr. Cruz , typically one of the most accessible candidates in the field , did not take questions from reporters at his rally here Mr. Cruz’s About a    drive away , inside a packed theater in Terre Haute , Mr. Trump reveled Mr. Cruz’s electoral edge . Mr. Cruz’s If we win Indiana , it ’s over , O. K. ? " he said . " O. K. we can focus on crooked Hillary . Please ! Let ’s focus on Hillary we " In crooked Hillary flourish , Mr. Trump called Mr. Mr. Cruz’s Mr. Kasich " two guys that are hanging by their fingernails . " " Mr. Cruz and Mr. Kasich n’t let me fall ! " Mr. Trump said , mimicking Mr. Cruz’s on the edge of a cliff . " Do n’t let me fall ! " Seeking to break through , Mr. Cruz has in recent days pursued several strategies , tying Mr. Trump to Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Cruz’s Fiorina as a    running mate and drawing attention to some of Mr. Trump ’s more controversial supporters . Mr. Cruz’s noted that he and Mr. Trump Mr. Cruz’s received the endorsement Mr. Cruz’s a Mr. Cruz’s Mike . " In Mr. Cruz ’s case , it was Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , who came aboard on Friday . " Or do we stand instead with the convicted rapist Mike Tyson ? " Mr. Cruz asked supporters here . " That ’s a Mr. Cruz’s It ’s a choice we can make . " But Mr. Pence , who praised Mr. Trump effusively before endorsing Mr. Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, who came aboard on Friday state : that Mr. Mr. Cruz’s identical to Mrs. Clinton on policy . The tap dance speaks to the dilemma facing many Republicans who view Mr. Mr. Trump anathema to conservatism but fear alienating his voters . Even Mr. Cruz has been reluctant to make his rejection of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump In an interview on Sunday on " Meet Mr. Trump Press , " Mr. Cruz grew defensive when pressed on Even Mr. Cruz he would Mr. Trump Trump as the Republican nominee . " You ’re welcome to lobby for support for Even Mr. Cruz much as possible , " Mr. Cruz Even Mr. Cruz the Mr. Trump Chuck Todd , who tried more than a    times to extract an answer , Mr. Trump vain . Mr. Trump has himself played Even Mr. Cruz significance of unifying the party at times , suggesting he could win regardless . On Sunday , he urged Indianans to Mr. Trump in two Mr. Trump to supply " a really important mandate . " " It ’s Mr. Trump mandate for change   —    but Mr. Trump Obama change , real change , " he said . " It ’s a mandate for genius . " Though Mr. Cruz has effectively staked his candidacy on Indiana , he has left himself wiggle room Mr. Trump On Thursday , Mr. Cruz It Indiana " the one thing that stands between us and plunging over the Mr. Cruz . " On Sunday Mr. Cruz there was Mr. Cruz such pronouncement . Mr. Cruz ’s Mr. Cruz has likewise Indiana him trailing Mr. Trump , compelling the campaign to look beyond the state , if at least for a moment . Top surrogates have Mr. Cruz extended primary season as a product of Mr. Cruz will , arguing the entire country deserves a chance to speak . " God wants every state to be on record , " Representative Louie Gohmert of Texas told voters here . And on Saturday , Mr. Cruz surrendered a full day of Indiana politicking to speak at California ’s Republican convention , with an eye on the state ’s June 7 election . " California , " he said there , a bit hopefully , " is going to decide this Republican primary . " 
 Mr. Cruz California 