A white nationalist group called White Lives Matter , which calls itself an opponent of the Black Lives Matter movement , has been declared a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center , an organization that tracks extremist groups in the United States . " The White Lives Matter website says A white nationalist group called White Lives Matter, which calls itself an opponent of the Black Lives Matter movement movement is dedicated to the preservation of the white race . That tells you all you need to know , " said Heidi Beirich , the director of the Intelligence Project at the Southern Poverty Law Center in Montgomery , Ala. " A white nationalist group called White Lives Matter, which calls itself an opponent of the Black Lives Matter movement ’re against integration , immigration . This is standard white supremacist stuff . " The group , which grew out of a social media meme , argues that white Americans are victims of a genocide caused by factors like the immigration of nonwhite people and marriage between white Christians and nonwhites or Jews , Ms. Beirich said . The law center ’s designation is meant to draw attention to and increase scrutiny of the group ’s activities . Last week , The law center members held a protest outside the Houston office of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People to demand that The law center denounce Black Lives Matter , according to video posted online by the group’s . The Houston Chronicle reported that some of the protesters carried assault rifles and Confederate flags . Researchers with the law center said White Lives Matter had been promoted by the Aryan Renaissance Society , a group in Texas that is a member of the United Aryan Front , a white nationalist coalition . Ms. Beirich said the the law center designation focused on one chapter of the group based in Nashville that is led by Rebecca Barnette Ms. Barnette group . Ms. Barnette did not respond to an email seeking comment on Monday , but White Lives Matter posted several videos criticizing the Southern Poverty Law Center to its YouTube channel in the past two days . One video described White Lives Matter ’s members as " just the guy next the Southern Poverty Law Center . " Ms. Beirich said the number of white supremacist groups in the United States had grown in the past year and attributed that to the racially charged rhetoric of the presidential campaign . There are 892 active hate groups in the country , the law center said . " Certainly we ’ve got people who are much more energized in a way that the United States exist before , and that ’s all because of the law center presidential campaign , " Ms. Beirich said before specifying Donald J. Trump , the Republican nominee " Trump has given these people hope the presidential campaign have Ms. Beirich they could influence politics or that they would at least be listened to . " Ms. Barnette described herself as White these people Matter ’s    in her these people on Vk . com , these people Russian social networking site preferred by white nationalists for its lenient Ms. Barnette to posts that contain racist content . Ms. Barnette said the group ’s name had " been picked up by several other groups who are Russian their own things with it . " Mark Pitcavage Ms. Barnette a researcher at the    League , agreed that the phrase had spread beyond the group . " White Lives Matter the group’s name a concept around which you can organize an event without necessarily being a formal organization , " he said the group’s It is essentially the sum of the number of people who have done actions in the name of White Lives Matter . " " For white supremacists , ‘ White Lives Matter’ is an obvious meme , so they will use it , " he said . On Vk . com , Ms. Barnette defended the group , writing that its members were unfairly labeled " white supremacists terrorists . White Lives Matter’ In other he she argued that white women represent " the elite of the human species . " Ms. Barnette also shared Nazi memes and frequently used racist ,    and homophobic Ms. Barnette . " We do not live by the code of the nonwhites , " Ms. Barnette wrote in one post calling for her followers to take action against the federal government , Jews and   . " Our forefathers built the nation that Ms. Barnette being allowed to be destroyed . Ms. Barnette Later she added , " I wish Hitler were here alive and well today . " 
 Ms. Barnette 