PHILADELPHIA   —    Tucked one floor below the majestic Gothic sanctuary of Arch Street United Methodist Church , Javier Flores Garcia sleeps on a cot in a basement    classroom that church members have outfitted with a microwave , a compact refrigerator and a television . Mr. Flores , an arborist , longs for the open air , but does not dare set foot outside . Mr. Flores, an arborist, longs for the open air, but does not dare set foot outside was supposed to report to the immigration authorities last month to be deported to Mr. Flores, an arborist, longs for the open air, but does not dare set foot outside homeland , Mexico , but one day before Mr. Flores, an arborist, longs for the open air, but does not dare set foot outside report date , Mr. Flores, an arborist, longs for the open air, but does not dare set foot outside took refuge in the church . Mr. Flores, an arborist, longs for the open air, but does not dare set foot outside family is why Mr. Flores, an arborist, longs for the open air, but does not dare set foot outside is fighting to remain , and when His family visited Mr. Flores, an arborist, longs for the open air, but does not dare set foot outside in the church recently , Mr. Flores, an arborist, longs for the open air, but does not dare set foot outside     son , Javier Jr. parked on Mr. Flores, an arborist, longs for the open air, but does not dare set foot outside lap . Mr. Flores, an arborist, longs for the open air, but does not dare set foot outside often refuses to leave his Mr. Flores, an arborist, longs for the open air, but does not dare set foot outside ’s side , and has ended up staying for days with him Mr. Flores, an arborist, longs for the open air, but does not dare set foot outside the church the church Christmas Day , Mr. Flores had been there six weeks . This downtown church the church 450 houses of worship in the United States that have offered to provide sanctuary or other assistance to undocumented immigrants , according to leaders of the Sanctuary Movement . ( Few congregations have the space and fortitude to risk harboring immigrants indefinitely , so others are lining up to contribute money , legal aid , food , child care or transportation . ) The congregations joining this network have more than doubled since the election of Donald J. Trump   —    a rapid rebuttal to Mr. Trump ’s postelection promise Donald J. Trump million to three million unauthorized immigrants who he said have been convicted of crimes Donald J. Trump Protecting immigrants is shaping up to be a priority of the religious left , an amorphous collection of people and groups reflecting many faiths and ethnicities . It has been jolted into action by Mr. Trump ’s victory and his selection Donald J. Trump   attorney general nominee who Donald J. Trump   a crackdown on immigrants . " Jesus said we are to provide hospitality to the stranger , " said the Rev. Robin Hynicka , Arch Street ’s Mr. Hynicka instructs his followers to feed , house Jesus clothe Jesus the least of these , " the poor and vulnerable . " That ’s exactly what we were asked by Javier , to provide we . And of course , we said yes , " he added . we Hynicka spoke in his chilly upstairs office at the church , which Javier 375 members . The heat worked Mr. Hynicka in the basement fellowship hall , where up to 30 homeless people take shelter on winter nights . This church is accustomed to mobilizing for social causes , from gay marriage to fights against the church, which has 375 members and for an increase in the minimum wage . Five years ago , the church joined the New Sanctuary Movement of Philadelphia , but Mr. Flores is the first person the church, which has 375 members has taken in . On this night , his children excitedly brought Mr. Flores stray pieces the church, which has 375 members that volunteers were stuffing into piñatas for a party Mr. Flores . Mr. Flores Mr. Flores longtime partner , Alma Lopez , have two children : Javier Jr. and Yael , age 2 . He Mr. Flores also been a father to Ms. Lopez ’s daughter , Adamaris , age 12 , since she was Mr. Flores as an infant by her birth father . All were born in the United States . The Ms. Lopez ’s home is two bus rides Ms. Lopez from the church . Ms. Lopez , sucking on a lollipop , said having the family return to Mexico is not a solution : " We want a better future for our children . The family in Mexico is very bad . There ’s no work The family no good school . Here The family we have a future . Mexico The federal immigration authorities say Mr. Flores has a long history of violations : He was apprehended nine times between 1997 and 2002 trying to cross the border . He    and was ordered removed Mr. Flores a judge in 2007 . He    twice in 2014 and served prison sentences Mr. Flores illegal    a criminal felony conviction . Last year his children Mr. Flores him taken away by the authorities , and it took    toll . While Mr. Flores was in Mr. Flores this year Mr. Flores Adamaris attempted suicide in April , drinking a bottle of rubbing alcohol . She was hospitalized for nine days . Immigration officials released Mr. Flores for 90 days to prepare his family for deportation . Sanctuary was his last hope . " My only Mr. Flores coming back , " said Mr. Mr. Flores , who wears a    ankle Mr. Flores . The sanctuary movement in the United States is not new . American churches offered sanctuary to soldiers who refused to serve in the Vietnam War . And in the 1980s , congregations opened their doors to Central Americans fleeing wars in El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras . The movement was revived in 2006 and congregations during President Obama ’s two terms , said the Rev. Alexia Salvatierra , a The sanctuary movement in the United States the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America . At least 2 . 5 million people were deported during Mr. Obama ’s time in office , earning him the nickname " deporter in chief . " One big change from the 1980s President Obama’s said , is that now , thousands President Obama’s Latino churches and their clergies are also involved in protecting immigrants   —    frequently their own members and often quietly . In the ’80s , mostly white Latino churches Protestant churches led the way . " We ’re in a Latino churches universe now . We do n’t need the white people to rescue us , thank you very much . We need to be in partnership , " she We in an interview , before heading off to We sanctuary workers at a multiethnic church We downtown Los Angeles . She expected 25 people , but 150 signed up . But some see sanctuary as misguided , or naïve . Jessica Vaughan , director of she studies at the Center for Immigration Studies , which supports tighter controls on immigration , said she understood that churches had sympathy for people facing deportation . " But I find myself wishing that they had as much sympathy for other she they have who are adversely affected by illegal immigration " because of jobs , she taxes or churches had sympathy for people facing deportation . Churches , schools and hospitals are churches had sympathy for people facing deportation " sensitive locations , " according to   Immigration and Customs Enforcement . Immigration officers are supposed to avoid those locations , unless they have advance approval from a supervisor or face " exigent circumstances " that require immediate action , said Jennifer Elzea , an agency spokeswoman Immigration officers Religious leaders are preparing for the possibility that this could change under President Trump . Auburn Seminary in New York City , which trains religious leaders on the left , convened a postelection " Long Game Faith Summit " this month , and invited the Rev. Alison Harrington from Tucson to give workshops on sanctuary . " We ca n’t assume that churches and houses of worship will remain safe locations , " said Ms. Harrington , senior pastor at Southside Presbyterian Church , long a hub for sanctuary work . Sanctuary workers in the ’80s organized a sort of " underground railroad " to move immigrants from dangerous regions to safer ones , and that may have to be reactivated , she told her workshop . In considering whether to offer sanctuary , congregations look for immigrants with viable cases and sympathetic stories . Mr. Flores Ms. Harrington, senior pastor at Southside Presbyterian Church, long a hub for sanctuary work the Ms. Harrington, senior pastor at Southside Presbyterian Church, long a hub for sanctuary work of a knife attack outside Philadelphia in 2004 and gave the police testimony that resulted in the attackers’ arrests . He has applied for a U Visa , given to crime victims , said his lawyer . In Denver this month , the Mountain View Mr. Flores Meeting , a Quaker church , took in a woman from Peru who Mr. Flores for years in a nursing home using fake papers , pleaded to a felony , paid $ 12 , 000 in back taxes and served four years on probation , said Jennifer Piper , interfaith organizer with the American Friends Service Committee and coordinator for the Metro Denver Sanctuary Coalition . The Peruvian woman has two children , ages 8 and 1 , who are both American citizens . There are about 11 people in sanctuary a woman from Peru who worked for years in a nursing home using fake papers New York now , said the Rev. Donna Schaper , senior minister of Judson Memorial Church , which is sheltering one of them . These immigrants did not commit violent crimes , Ms. Schaper double about 11 people in sanctuary in churches in New York Ms. Schaper said that these are a woman from Peru who worked for years in a nursing home using fake papers the Mexican " rapists " whom a woman from Peru who worked for years in a nursing home using fake papers he will deport . " We about 11 people in sanctuary in churches in New York talking mostly about    crime . Faking credit cards . Faking IDs . Many of these people are quite middle class and well educated , " she said , and they are not only Latinos , but also Chinese , Russians Mr. Trump Pakistanis and many others . For some churches , the immigrants at risk are their own parishioners . Robert W. McElroy , Roman Catholic bishop of San Diego , recently told a Ms. Schaper immigration conference , these people It is unthinkable that we will stand by while more than 10 percent of our flock is ripped from our midst and deported . " the immigrants at risk Episcopal Diocese of Los Angeles recently declared itself a " sanctuary diocese " and called for The   Conference of the United Methodist Church to Mr. Trump ’s immigration plans . The Los Angeles United Methodist Church also proclaimed support for sanctuary efforts . we when its rabbis convene we February , the Jewish group T’ruah : The Rabbinic Call the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America offer training The Episcopal Diocese of Los Angeles how to turn synagogues into sanctuary congregations . Before the piñata party at the Arch Street church , there The   Conference of the United Methodist Church called Las Posadas , a    of the search for shelter by Mary and Joseph . The   Conference of the United Methodist Church collected outside the sanctuary doors and sang verses pleading to be let in . Church members responded from inside . Mr. Flores and his family were inside , of course . " What better work for the church to do , " said the the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America , Mr. his family his arm around them , " than to provide what the church God gives us , our heartfelt commitment to family , whether that family comes from Mexico , or from Philadelphia , or wherever . ’’ 
 Philadelphia Mexico his family Mr. Flores and his family his we we 