" In the Trumpian sense of the term , she ’s the ultimate ‘ nasty woman.’ An inspiration . Volcanic . When I start to write about she , I always feel ,   . " Volcanic referred to is Emily Dickinson , as described by the contemporary poet Susan Howe in the catalog for an exhibition , " I ’m Nobody ! Who are you ? The Life and Poetry of Emily Emily Dickinson " opening on Friday at the Morgan Library   Museum . The show The Life and Poetry of Emily Dickinson," opening on Friday at the Morgan Library  Museum of the largest gatherings ever of prime Dickinson relics Emily Dickinson and it comes with The Life and Poetry of Emily Dickinson," opening on Friday at the Morgan Library  Museum aura the size of a city block . It instantly turns The Life and Poetry of Emily Dickinson," opening on Friday at the Morgan Library  Museum Morgan into a pilgrimage site , a literary Lourdes , a place to come in contact with one aspect of American culture that truly can claim greatness , which we sure can use in an    political moment . The show has a mission : To give    audiences a fresh take on Dickinson . Gone is the    Puritan nun , and that infantilized charmer , the Belle of Amherst . At the Morgan we get a different Dickinson , a person among people : a member of a household , a    a citizen . She was born a different Dickinson, a person among people: a member of a household, a   a citizen 1830 to rural gentry in Western Massachusetts , and one of the earliest items in the show gives an impression of modest Yankee privilege . It ’s a portrait of Dickinson at around age 10 with her older brother Dickinson Austin , and young sister , Lavinia , done by a local artist , Otis Allen . It ’s sort It a big deal to have it here : It is the first time it has left It Library at Harvard since it arrived there It 1950 . And the Morgan displays it well , It    wallpaper that replicates the original , only recently uncovered , in Emily ’s Amherst bedroom . In a sweet coincidence , the roses on the paper echo the flower the     holds in her portrait . Emily the daughter of a     —    her father , Emily , was elected to the United States Congress in 1853   —    and a lifelong consumer of newspapers and periodicals , Dickinson had a good sense of what was happening in the world . She went to Dickinson school , and was a bookworm , but had friends and a poised , dry sense of humor , as some teasing early letters to her brother suggests Dickinson In 1847 , she spent a Dickinson as a boarding student at Mount Holyoke Female Seminary , her one stint Dickinson higher education . And from that time came what many devotees will consider the exhibition ’s star attraction : the    daguerreotype of the     Dickinson with her pale skin Dickinson    eyes . It ’s another rare visitant   —    it last left It at Amherst College in 1986   —    and it ’s almost It shock to see how small it is : It like a    card or a talisman . Dickinson said that the    Dickinson liked Mount the    Dickinson , but I do n’t know . It had its It . It of the curriculum was religious , with students expected to make a profession of faith before graduating . The school informally divided potential candidates into three categories : those who would readily comply those who would need some persuasion and " " to whom they paid special potential candidates . Dickinson , who had developed an allergy to orthodoxy , was a    and proud . It ’s important , in presenting a revisionist view of her , especially a normalizing one , to note that from the start , resistance was her natural mode her and one that grew increasingly pronounced , and eventually acute . The end of her schooling signaled her start of a new phase of her life . her was again her home and beginning to work in a serious way on poetry , which required concentration and a degree of isolation : a commitment , the willingness , I guess you could say , to make a vow . I think it was n’t easy . The 1850s were a period of personal tumult . Her school friends her dispersed . Several had married . Among them was Susan Her school friends , with whom she had forged her tight emotional and intellectual bond , and whom she relied on her a first reader and editor of her poetry . her 1856 , Gilbert   —    there ’s a picture of her here   Gilbert  —       married Austin and lived with him in the married Austin next door to the family homestead . By 1858 , Dickinson had accumulated Gilbert  —    poems to begin collecting them in handwritten enough poems    booklets known as fascicles . And from around this time comes what is thought to be another portrait , a daguerreotype that surfaced in 2012 and is on    public view    the Morgan . It ’s a portrait of two seated women , the one on the left tentatively identified as Dickinson the other Gilbert  —    as her friend , Gilbert  —    possible romantic partner , Kate Scott Turner . In the show , it ’s placed It by side with the earlier , authenticated photograph . The Dickinsons in each , with their candid , unguarded gaze , share a clear , if inconclusive , resemblance . And her pose in the dual portrait is extremely moving . Far from being the timid , removed figure of myth , she looks directly her the camera and reaches , in a    to touch the back of her friend . her of Dickinson ’s poetry her this time has an experimental , incendiary flair images of combat and violence occur . It ’s as if she were experiencing her Civil War before it happened . the Civil War when it did happen It her production soared her Oddly , in the midst of the conflict , war was rarely the Civil War active theme her But like Walt Whitman , who began working as the equivalent of a psychiatric nurse in a military hospital in Washington , Dickinson seems to have been caught up in the    atmosphere that gripped the nation , a mood probably not entirely different from the one found in a divided America now . Whitman was permanently shaped by the war and its waste . Whitman Dickinson was , Dickinson do n’t know . But when it was over , her life changed Dickinson She began to Dickinson . Communication was through writing : letters as intricately composed as puzzles , notes as brief as tweets , poems sent out like gifts . The primary relics from this time forward are her manuscripts of Dickinson . Nearly 1 , 800 survive 24 examples are in the show , organized by Mike Kelly , head of archives and special collections at Amherst College , and Carolyn Vega , assistant curator in the Morgan ’s department of literary and historical manuscripts . The manuscripts come her manuscripts of poems of legibility . Dickinson ’s penmanship grew eccentric over time , as did her compositional methods . Dickinson her work has become Dickinson complex science , particularly in the matter of rendering the alternative phrases and words she included in drafts Dickinson It was as if she were deliberately creating Dickinson that demanded reader participation , poems that could be endlessly rewritten . And maybe as her conviction grew that Dickinson would always be Dickinson own best audience Dickinson she turned poems into Dickinson objects , sculptures and pictures : A draft of a poem that begins " The way hope builds his house " is composed on a bit of paper   —    an envelope flap ?   —    shaped like a house . In the show ’s catalog , aptly titled " The Networked Recluse : The Connected World of Emily Dickinson , " the art historian Marta Werner analyzes the visual nature of the manuscripts . Yet what matters most in Dickinson is the element Emily Dickinson easily passed over in an exhibition : words . And they warn us , whenever we focus on them us against trying they normalize Dickinson , against trying Emily Dickinson make her acceptable and explicable Emily Dickinson She was an outsider Emily Dickinson and as such a disrupter . Was she a feminist ? Emily Dickinson in the modern sense , though an idea of female power as a protean force was central to her thinking , as Emily Dickinson was to the writers she loved : Emily Emily Dickinson , Elizabeth Barrett Browning , George Eliot . Central , too , was her disdain for the Emily Dickinson power of churches , fathers , governments , God , ego . Even her most    poems Emily Dickinson like the one for which the show is named , slice away at that power : This little anthem to outsider solidarity , delivered with a    lift , is both cute and furious , a joke and a call to arms . Some of its references translate neatly into the present of ethical bogs , Pepe the Frog , a new    . Its paranoia is of its moment , too , for many with a grain of Otherness in their makeup . Dickinson many with a grain of Otherness in their makeup , Dickinson a woman who said no to a culture that wanted her to be Dickinson wife , a mother , a social creature on its terms , when its had other Dickinson . And to pursue them she assumed the Dickinson of a Nobody : invisible , independent ,    ignoring the knock on the door . The fringe for her was a Dickinson of strength , not deprivation . This truth should not be lost in the rebranding campaigns periodically conducted on her behalf . Dickinson should it be forgotten that This truth difference took a lifelong fight , one which she was willing Dickinson able   —    supremely able   —    to wage . That ’s a revolutionary talking . And her voice carries Dickinson subaudibly explosive , through this show . 
 the show 