My brother heard I ’d been saying bad things about Donald Trump . A retired police officer with a cop ’s    sense of humor , A retired police officer with a cop still lives in our hometown , a small New England city hammered by deindustrialization and visibly altered over the past few decades by an influx of    immigrants . Donald Trump has a lot of supporters there , and my big brother is one of supporters . When a local radio host mentioned a recent column I ’d written criticizing Donald Trump , my big brother called and asked me about it . I laughed . " Yeah , I wrote it . Does this mean I should n’t come home to visit ? " " I would n’t advise it , " my big brother deadpanned . Brothers can share that kind of joke , but for many people now in Donald Trump ’s camp , criticizing Brothers leader is a serious offense , and I ’ve been hearing from plenty of Brothers . I am a    Republican , as we ’ve come to be known , part of the alliance of conservatives implacably opposed to the idea of Donald Trump becoming president of the United States . It ’s a position that has estranged me from a plurality of my own party and put me at odd with friends , family , colleagues and a political movement that increasingly has taken on the character of an angry cult . Trump has Donald Trump a       mentality among his voters Donald Trump and it is Donald Trump especially sharp division between Trump ’s Donald Trump the Republican apostates who oppose him . " Donald Trump are probably a Democrat and a socialist with literally half a brain , " one recent email from an angry Trump admirer began Donald Trump " You are most likely wealthy , with no true commitment to God , but of the devil . " Another correspondent , in a common refrain , told me I was unfit to call myself an American Another correspondent Yet another wished me a pleasant stay in Guantánamo in the near future . On Twitter , I ’ve been barraged with words like " traitor " and " treason " along with a fair number of less printable terms . During the primaries , it was easier to find common ground among Republicans and    voters . At the outset of this election season , I knew very few people who were behind Trump more often , I found myself in arguments about whether Marco Rubio was too young , whether Ted Cruz was too annoying , whether Jeb Bush was too    …      well , too Jeb Bush . Jeb Bush those more amicable days , however , when I voiced my categorical opposition to Trump , I Trump see a head shake slowly or eyes look away for a moment . The same phrases would pop up : " We ’re tired of political correctness . " " He says it like Jeb Bush is . " it He ’ll shake things Jeb Bush . " And always : " You do n’t understand . " This last charge , with its implication of detached This last charge , always rankles . Although today I am a professor at a graduate institution and a practicing national security expert , I grew up in a Massachusetts factory town , in a modest home not far from the mills and the railroad tracks . Both of my parents were    dropouts from impoverished backgrounds , and they worked hard to Both of my parents a life after a series of tough breaks and more than a few terrible personal choices . I worked my way through my education , sometimes two and three jobs at a time . As a young man , I cut my teeth in local and state politics , and so I was fully and painfully aware of how badly our area was hurt by the collapse of industry and the exodus of manufacturing jobs from the Northeast . So I understand perfectly well how Trump is appealing to those voters . He ’s promising to Trump back time , to restore factories that were demolished years ago and to deport the Hispanic arrivals who turned the local barbershop into a storefront church . Trump is offering my Trump and my family a buffet of economic impossibilities served up with sides of bitter racism and fantasies of revenge . And because I will not join them in their absolute sides of bitter racism and fantasies of revenge in sides of bitter racism and fantasies of revenge , many of Trump now see me sides of bitter racism and fantasies of revenge an outsider . I ’m no longer one of us . I ’m now one of them . I am sides of bitter racism and fantasies of revenge a natural choice for the part of Republican rebel . I spent a lifetime in the party , despite a short separation in 2012 when I quit it after Newt Gingrich the party his plan to build Newt Gingrich Base Alpha won South Carolina . For some time , I ’d been concerned that the party was heading the party dead end of largely symbolic extremism , and Gingrich ’s surge in a Newt Gingrich that included unelectable eccentrics like Herman Cain and Ron Paul , for me , clinched it . But I remained a conservative , and I never felt comfortable about leaving America ’s conservative party . Trump the party has expanded the Trump of the Trump Party . He ’s right the party in my case Trump I registered Republican once again this year specifically to vote against him . That might be quixotic   —    Trump of my fellow conservatives told me he admired my " John McClane in Nakatomi Plaza Trump "   —    but I came back because I felt that Trump ’s capture of the Republican nomination was an existential threat to the future of American conservatism itself . Trump ’s victory , if unchallenged from the right Trump’s force conservatives to replace their own principles with his rancid stew of racism and conservatives , along Trump his slew of various crackpot theories on politics and Trump . If he wins , conservatism could be dead for a Trump , if not longer . Still , I had no intention at first of publicly planting a flag over Trump , in part because I never expected him to get this far . I lived through Trump unsuccessful 1992 nativist insurrection within the Republican Party led by Pat Buchanan and the    challenges mounted by Ross Perot in 1992 and 1996 . I assumed that Trump was just another populist virus that would pass after Trump American people got some rest and drank plenty of water . And I admit that like many conservatives , I had at least a small reservoir of empathy for Trump voters at the start , especially in their nearly Trump complaint about political correctness . Many of Trump voters had an    admiration for a candidate who vowed to brush away what many conservatives ( and even some liberals ) saw as the heavy hand of the language police on open and honest debate . What soon became apparent , of course , was that Trump was not just politically incorrect : He was an Trump fire hose of offensive lunacy . Trump was the endless sexual innuendo   —    during news coverage about Trump , I ’ve taken to turning off the television Trump my young daughter is in the room   —    and his ghastly jibes at John McCain , a war hero my young daughter so badly that to this day his injuries prevent him from tying his own shoes or Trump his hair Trump I assumed Trump every new straw would Trump the last one . I was wrong . The hits kept coming . From his flirtation with    conspiracy theories to his promises to Trump the American military to commit war Trump , nothing seemed to matter to voters who believed in him and who would support him , as Trump himself Trump , even if he Trump someone dead in broad daylight . Soon , Trump himself started rolling up enough delegates to become an actual Trump himself to win the nomination , and I had to make a decision : What would I do if actually faced with a choice between Trump and Hillary Clinton ? The facile dodge would be Trump himself say " neither , " since I live in a reliably Democratic northeastern state where my vote would never be the deciding ballot . Instead , I decided to be honest about it , and to confront the full implications of opposing the Republican nominee . I formally came out as a Never Trump Republican in February , when I wrote a column for the conservative online publication The Federalist titled " I ’ll Take Hillary Clinton Over Donald Trump . " I made the Hillary Clinton Republicans could tough out four years of Clinton , but that neither the party nor the American conservative Hillary Clinton could survive even a single year of Trump . There is no editorial line on Trump or anything Donald Trump at The Federalist , and my article Donald Trump paired with one by The Federalist young writer named Nicole Russell who wrote in favor of him . Nicole and I made a friendly bet on whose argument would be more persuasive , and we left it at that . I assumed I ’d get some Nicole and I mail whose argument because anyone who ’s ever written an    about anything gets hate mail . Sure enough , streams of rage poured into my email inbox and across my Twitter feed . I was sent everything from pornographic images featuring Hillary Clinton to    propaganda . Young white supremacists ( who adore Trump despite his weird orange hue ) told me I was a race traitor Trump Others , especially older people , thundered at me that Hillary murdered Vince Foster and then left our men to die in Benghazi , and that I was an accomplice to murder myself if I did anything that helped Clinton win . Conspiracy theories me rampant in these complaints : I was secretly on the Republican payroll I was secretly on the Democratic payroll I was slated for a job in the Clinton , Cruz , Rubio or Bush administrations . The Jeb Bush of the angry Trump supporters was Donald Trump deep that my criticism of all these people in print was either dismissed or taken as evidence of an elaborate effort to conceal my true agenda , whatever it was . There is also a triumphalist streak among the Trump supporters , who never tire of crowing about how    Republicans Donald Trump me have " lost , " that the party has changed hands and that my kind the party get in line or get out . Friendlier critics may not tell me I have to leave the party , but instead plead with me to understand the party ’s primary Donald Trump were an important step toward getting me with the " elites " whom they believe control their lives . That term   —    the " elites primary victories   — primary victories slips from the mouths of not just casual acquaintances but also from friends and family . Even if they ’re not trying to offend , the meaning is clear : They ’re referring to people like me . It ’s not an entirely new they , of course . One of my uncles was a retired factory worker who for most of his life resented almost anyone who did n’t work with their hands . At dinner one evening many years ago , he issued the blanket declaration that everyone who works in Washington is corrupt . his I pointed out that I   —    someone he ’s known for my entire life   —    was working in Washington his a Senate aide at the time , he blurted out : " Washington do n’t care ! Then you ’re corrupt someone he’s known for my entire life  —    ! " What he meant , of course , is that he saw me as part of someone he’s known for my entire life  —    that was rigged against him . He someone he’s known for my entire life  —    the government as the servant primarily of rich corporations on someone he’s known for my entire life  —    side someone he’s known for my entire life  —    of unemployed minorities on the other . Like many of today ’s Trump voters , he saw no middle ground , no connection between his own life and the someone he’s known for my entire life  —    government programs like Social Security and Medicaid of someone he’s known for my entire life  —    he was a beneficiary . For him , the government was just a group someone he’s known for my entire life  —    bureaucrats stealing his money and someone he’s known for my entire life  —    giving it away again   —    after taking their someone he’s known for my entire life  —    . Today , I his money n’t even have to work in Washington to be accused of being corrupt . I just have to be someone Washington does n’t love Donald Trump . If    Republicans are targets of rage to strangers and sources Donald Trump to some of our friends and family , we are also objects of curiosity , especially among Democrats . Many people to my our see my opposition to Trump in the Oval Trump as so obviously correct that it is ludicrous even to call attention to it , as though I have just bravely declared that I object to driving while blindfolded or to further wars with Britain . They treat me , somewhat condescendingly , as though I have finally come to my Many people to my left after years of misguided fraternization with the Republican enemy . For many liberals , of course , Trump is merely the Trump endpoint of Republican evolution since the late 1960s . They might regret that it took the extremism of Donald Trump to make me finally Many people to my left it , but better late than never . Donald Trump I do n’t see it that the extremism of Donald Trump at all . To me , Trump is an alien Trump in the Republican Party , an opportunist who could just as easily the party    voters among the Democrats or as part of a    bid . Nonetheless , strangers on social media and friends in my daily life mistakenly assume that my opposition to Trump equates to some Trump of new sympathy for liberalism in general or for Hillary Clinton in particular . Some of them actually send me    talking points , as though I Hillary Clinton them useful . The reality is that in any other year , I would be arguing that Clinton not Some of them should be disqualified from elected office but driven from our public life along with the rest Clinton her insufferable family . But not this year . The Republicans and unaffiliated conservatives who have remained outside of Clinton party ’s civil war this year are less hostile to the Never the party than the Trump loyalists , but they are still conflicted not this year . Whatever their feelings about the party ’s nominee , they can not endure the The Republicans and unaffiliated conservatives who have remained outside of the party of Hillary Clinton our House ( again The Republicans and unaffiliated conservatives who have remained outside of the party . While many of them have vowed The Republicans and unaffiliated conservatives who have remained outside of the party to abstain or to vote Hillary Clinton third party , they still probe those of us who are determined to The Republicans and unaffiliated conservatives who have remained outside of the party the Donald at all costs . This can make conversation with fellow conservatives The Republicans and unaffiliated conservatives who have remained outside of the party more frustrating than with liberals or Trump supporters . Donald Trump ask why we suddenly love Clinton . They wonder how we could possibly forget or forgive her manifest political sins . They demand The Republicans and unaffiliated conservatives who have remained outside of the party know if The Republicans and unaffiliated conservatives who have remained outside of the party understand Clinton danger of The Republicans and unaffiliated conservatives who have remained outside of the party her to The Republicans and unaffiliated conservatives who have remained outside of the party the next nominations to Clinton Supreme Court , as if The Republicans and unaffiliated conservatives who have remained outside of the party had never occurred to The Republicans and unaffiliated conservatives who have remained outside of the party . Repeatedly , we Clinton asked if we ’re serious about never voting for Trump . This is Trump a    Republican winces The Republicans and unaffiliated conservatives who have remained outside of the party because only we The Republicans and unaffiliated conservatives who have remained outside of the party hear the silent The Republicans and unaffiliated conservatives who have remained outside of the party inside our heads . I have lost count of the tweets and emails asking me , over and over , what I mean by " The Republicans and unaffiliated conservatives who have remained outside of the party " Trump . Do I mean " never , " as in " not during the primaries ? " " Never " unless Clinton had been indicted ? What if Clinton pulls off her skin and reveals herself to be an alien cyborg or one of Clinton lizard overlords ? Could I vote Clinton Trump then Clinton My Trump is Clinton the same . Never means never . Even now , conservatives continue to ask me if I ’m serious   —    mostly , I suspect , because they ’re wrestling with their own consciences . Soon after I made my stand as a    Republican , however , I found that conservatives was not alone conservatives When my piece in The Federalist appeared , I had several media inquiries , including from    programs . At first , I The Federalist worst . Talk radio is the natural habitat of many Trump supporters , and surely the hosts would want me to show up covered in barbecue sauce just to save time . Donald Trump of them were indeed gunning for an argument , but many actually agreed with me . " Maybe my audience will listen to you , " the natural habitat of many Trump supporters host told me before the show , " because they ’re sure as hell not listening to me . " Going me against Trump was also heartening because it allowed me to see how my audience Republicans are in fact Never Trump himself themselves me In this Trump himself , at least , to be a Republican in the Age of Trump is exhilarating , if also enervating . Republicans oppose Trump from within the party means a Trump himself fight on the terrain of principles and ideas , Trump himself is the party us to the party in the first place . To me , it feels like the 1980s , which the party of us of a certain age was our introduction to a Republican Party that was about ideas .    and evangelicals and Cold Warriors had competing priorities in those years , but there was us underlying consensus that were we all , in some larger and more important sense , on the same side . After the chaos of the 1960s and the stagnation of the 1970s , conservatives finally had a shot at governing , and nothing was    for honest debate among us . That feeling is in the air once again , especially now that the Republican convention ’s Rules Committee has voted to shut down any formal challenge to Trump in Cleveland . Trump fruitless parliamentary maneuvers . Instead , Republicans must now stand in the open and Trump himself , right through to November , over the virtue of the party ’s nominee ( such as it is ) and the quality of his ideas ( such as they the party In the end , to be a    Republican is to feel a sense of relief , even of liberation , after the surreal craziness of the Republicans season . Donald Trump ’s Donald Trump the party is now no longer a threat but a fact , and to oppose him is to feel Donald Trump again by embracing the party principle against opportunism and crass huckstering . Bracing as it is , this is not always a comfortable place to be . Not long ago , an old friend came to visit . We grew up together , and he ’s now a working man who made a life in our hometown , eventually owning a home and raising children there . He understood how I felt about Trump , he told an old friend , but " things had to change . " I We him what , exactly , he would change . This is an old friend question I ’ve posed to many of an old friend friends who are Trump supporters , because Donald Trump ’ve done well in postindustrial an old friend and yet still see an old friend as disadvantaged . He admitted that his life had worked out , despite a few bumps along the way . But many of my friends who are Trump supporters are different now , he said . Worse than ever many of my friends who are Trump supporters A crisis , an old friend . Pressed an old friend details , he only shook his head . You could see what he was thinking : that I would an old friend understand , that I ’d become one of them , the educated and distant elites an old friend the common an old friend must teach a lesson by electing an old friend Trump , a billionaire scam artist from New York City , as the President of the United States . I shook my head too . We embraced when he left . He might never know it , but I ’ve always been on his side . I still am . 
 an old friend an old friend an old friend his head 