Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton allies sprang onto a war footing on Saturday , opening a ferocious attack on the F. B. I. ’s director , James B. Comey , a day after Mr. Comey disclosed that Mr. Comey agency was looking into a potential new batch of messages from Hillary Clinton private email server . Treating Mr. Comey as a threat to Hillary Clinton candidacy , Hillary Clinton took aim at the law enforcement officer who had recommended no criminal charges less than four months earlier for her Hillary Clinton of classified information as secretary of state . " It ’s pretty strange to put something like that out with such little information right before an election , " Mrs. Hillary Clinton at a rally in Daytona Beach , Fla. " In fact , it ’s It just strange it ’s It and it is It troubling . " For Democrats , it was It deeply worrying . Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton concern that the F. B. I. ’s renewed attention to emails relating to the nominee would turn some voters against her , hurt party the nominee in competitive House and Senate races , and complicate efforts to win over undecided Americans in the final days of the election . So after stepping gingerly around the issue on Friday , calling on Mr. Comey to release more specific information but not overtly criticizing him , her campaign Mr. Comey it the nominee on Saturday her campaign accusing the director of smearing Mrs. Clinton with innuendo late in the race and of violating Justice Department rules . The decision to target Mr. Comey for his Mr. Comey to publicly Mr. Comey the inquiry came during an 8 a. m. internal conference call , after aides saw reports that Justice Department officials were furious Justice Department he had violated longstanding guidelines Mr. Comey against such actions so close to an election . Even before Mrs. Clinton spoke in Florida , her campaign chairman , John D. Mr. Podesta out incomplete information and breaking with Justice Department protocol . " By Justice Department information , he has allowed partisans to distort and exaggerate to inflict maximum political damage , " Mr. Podesta said during a Mr. Comey call with reporters . " Comey has not been forthcoming with the facts , " he added , describing the director ’s letter to Congress Mr. Comey Friday as " long on innuendo . " Whatever Mr. Comey Mrs. Clinton may have as a candidate , Saturday ’s coordinated effort showed that the political organization that she , her husband and her allies had built over decades remained potent and would not let what seemed like Mrs. Clinton erode Mrs. Clinton . By Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Comey , a Republican appointed by President Obama and confirmed nearly unanimously by the Senate , found himself in Mr. Comey’s senior aides to reframe the story and make it about Mr. Comey ’s actions , liberal groups Mr. Comey’s the the Senate Black Caucus demanded that he release more information . Other surrogates were emailed talking points prodding the story to deem it " extraordinary that 11 days before the election a letter like this   Mr. Comey’s    with so few details   —    would be sent Other surrogates 8 Republican he release more information chairmen . " ( Ranking Democrats on the committees also received copies . ) Mr. Comey has not publicly commented on the investigation , other than with the letter saying that more emails were being examined . He also wrote an email to F. B. I. employees explaining that he felt he had to inform Congress even though the agency did not yet know " the Mr. Comey of this newly discovered collection of emails . " With Mrs. Mr. Comey leading Mr. Comey J. Trump in nearly every battleground state , Clinton advisers were emphatic that they would not be thrown off stride . They said they would not change any political strategy , television advertising or campaign travel plans Mrs. Clinton For months , the Clinton advisers B. I. had investigated whether Mrs. Clinton Clinton advisers broken Clinton advisers laws by using a private email server while she was secretary of state . This past summer , Mr. Comey said that Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton " extremely careless " by allowing sensitive information to be discussed outside Mrs. Clinton government servers , but that the agency had concluded Mrs. Clinton Clinton had not Mrs. Clinton crime . The investigation was closed . But on Friday , Mr. Comey notified Congress that the agency had discovered emails , possibly relevant to the Mrs. Clinton that belonged to Mrs. Clinton ’s top aide , Huma Abedin . The emails were discovered Mrs. Clinton computer of Ms. Abedin the agency husband , Anthony D. Weiner , during a The investigation into allegations that Mrs. Clinton exchanged sexually explicit messages with a teenager . According to several Clinton advisers , Mrs. Clinton told them Huma Abedin on Saturday that she wanted the campaign to operate normally , not rashly , while pressuring Mr. Comey to dispel any possibility that her candidacy was under legal threat Mrs. Clinton the Clinton team also had several Clinton advisers deal with Mrs. Clinton newly emboldened Mr. Trump , who urged voters at a rally on Saturday in Golden , Colo. to oppose Mrs. Clinton Clinton because of her " criminal action " that was " Clinton , deliberate , intentional and purposeful Mr. Trump " As Podesta said , she ’s got bad instincts , " Mr. Trump said , distorting a comment in one of the Mrs. Clinton of Mr. Podesta ’s hacked emails recently released by WikiLeaks . " Well , she ’s got bad instincts when her Mrs. Clinton on Anthony Weiner ’s wherever . " The paramount fear among Clinton advisers and Democratic officials was that an election that had become a referendum on Mr. Trump ’s fitness for office , and that had Mrs. Clinton seemed to be Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump lose , would now become just as much about her conduct . In Podesta , email chains and text messages on Saturday , Clinton aides Mrs. Clinton allies were by turns confident Mrs. Clinton emails recently released by WikiLeaks B. I. would find nothing to hurt Mrs. Clinton and concerned that the inquiry would nudge demoralized Republicans to show up to vote for    candidates   —    and perhaps even cast ballots , however reluctantly , for the battered Mr. Clinton " This is like an    smacking into us , and it Clinton becomes a huge distraction at the worst possible time , " said Donna Brazile Clinton the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee and a close Clinton ally . " We do n’t Clinton to knock us off our game . But on the     weekend of the race , we find ourselves having to tell voters , ‘ Keep your focus keep your eyes on the prize . ’ " As much as Clinton advisers stressed that they were not This , some of them radiated anger at Mr. Comey , Mr. Weiner and even Mrs. Clinton   —    a reflection of 18 months of frustration that her personal decisions about her email practices and privacy were We generating We political drama . Two Clinton aides , for example , pointedly We in We that it was difficult to press a counterattack without fully knowing what was in Ms. Abedin ’s emails . Some prominent Clinton women , meanwhile Clinton advisers were angry that a murky announcement Clinton advisers the F. B. I. might impede the election of the first female president of the United States . " It worries me because Clinton gives the Republicans Clinton to blow up and fan folks’ anger with , " said former Representative Patricia Schroeder of Colorado , who considered a run for the Democratic nomination for president in 1988 . " I was on the Judiciary Committee when I was in Congress , and I have never seen the F. B. I. handle any case the way they have handled hers . " While some voters are undecided , about 20 million Americans have already cast ballots It early voting , and millions more long ago concluded which candidate they would support . In a polarized country where many are unwaveringly contemptuous of either Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton , the latest development in the email story prompted a mix of shrugs and renewed determination from the left and     claims of Clinton perfidy from the right . " My mind was made the story said Luis Luaces , 57 , a Florida Republican who expressed little surprise about Florida Weiner email twist as he cast his ballot for Mr. Trump on Saturday millions more Miami . " Saturday know what the Clintons are about . " Democrats also said the development had done little to alter their perceptions . In Charlotte , N. C. Ian Leemans , 35 , a Democrat , said he had been Clinton work checking news sites when he saw a flashing banner with Friday ’s news . He had already planned to vote early for Mrs. Clinton , Anthony Weiner after the news Anthony Weiner he Anthony Weiner more urgency to cast his ballot . " I thought , O. K. this is going to Friday advantage for Trump people to say the latest development in the email story Mrs. Clinton it is a rigged election,’ Democrats Mr. Leemans said . " Mr. Leemans to make sure I get up at 8 o’clock on Mr. Leemans Saturday and vote . ’ " Several Republican Mr. Leemans and strategists said that given Mr. Trump ’s weakness Mr. Leemans the F. B. I. inquiry was more the inquiry ’s candidates for the Friday’s news his ballot Mr. Leemans transform the political fortunes of Mr. Mr. Leemans . " To the extent this affects relative enthusiasm among Republicans and Democrats , it helps    Republicans , " said Whit Ayres the Senate a pollster advising one such candidate seeking    Senator Marco Rubio of Florida . Referring to Mrs. Clinton ’s lead over Mr. Trump Florida recent polls , Mr. Ayres added Mr. Trump The margin at the top of the ticket is Mrs. Clinton so that it probably takes an indictment , rather than an investigation , to move those numbers sufficiently . " Mr. Trump of the Senate on a knife ’s edge and Democrats wielding Mr. Trump ’s unpopularity like a weapon to make gains in the House , Republicans were exultant to at least this off the defensive the Senate few Republicans Mr. Ayres the new revelations dovetailed with a message they were already pushing : that Democratic candidates would only enable Mrs. Clinton ’s instinct Mr. Comey’s not hold her accountable . " It boosts the     argument because it is a reminder of all of the things voters hate about the ticket " said Rob Simms , the executive director of the House Republican campaign arm . 
 the battered Mr. Trump Clinton Republicans Republicans Clinton It 