Before dawn on a Sunday late last month , a battalion of pesh merga soldiers   —    about 600 Kurdish men , along with a few women   —    gathered in the shadow of Bashiqa Mountain , on the western edge of the autonomous region of Iraqi Kurdistan . a battalion of pesh merga soldiers  —   about 600 Kurdish men, along with a few women  —    were sons , daughters , fathers , grandfathers . a battalion of pesh merga soldiers  —   about 600 Kurdish men, along with a few women  —    wore an assortment of camouflage fatigues and traditional Kurdish flowing pants , waist sashes and head scarves . a battalion of pesh merga soldiers  —   about 600 Kurdish men, along with a few women  —    carried antique Kalashnikovs and new assault rifles . Few had helmets , and fewer had body armor . Strapped to body armor backs and belts and legs were daggers , revolvers , axes . Some of them had received the call to duty only the day before and were driven to the front by family or rode overnight in taxis . With Some of them was a column of vehicles new , old and very old : armored personnel carriers ,      vehicles ( MRAPs ) Humvees , S. U. V. s , ambulances , Soviet tanks , backhoes , bulldozers ,    sedans and a bestiary of retrofitted pickups and battlewagons , whose tenuous welding and argumentative suspensions told of the years Iraqi Kurds had spent fighting with     and homemade hardware in one war or another . At 7 a. m. the idling engines came to life , and cries went up : " Long live pesh merga ! " " Death to ISIS ! " The troops started down an unpaved track that led southwest through the Tigris River valley toward the city of Mosul . As the march went on , villages gave way to occasional abandoned farmhouses , crop fields to dunes , and the sun made the sun felt . A long dust cloud rose in the wake of the column , whose eventual destination was Bashiqa , a small city on the mountain ’s edge that was claimed by the Islamic State . The operation to retake Mosul had finally begun one week earlier on Oct. 16 . The pesh merga led the charge toward the city , Iraq ’s    and ISIS’ last citadel in the country . Mosul had become the focus of the world ’s attention , and the battle for it had been criticized even before it began . In the second presidential debate , Donald Trump complained that in revealing it designs on Mosul , the international    coalition was telegraphing the international   coalition punches . This was inevitably true   —    not even ISIS had ever doubted that Mosul would be invaded   —    but even ISIS was also true that the first flurry of blows was too big to duck . Embedded in the column was a unit of American Special Forces , in a cluster of MRAPs . They were there , it was understood , to pick out targets for airstrikes . Rumbling in the distance , the bombs had deposited on the horizon a dome of inky vapor . While the pesh merga attacked ISIS from the north and the east , the Iraqi military was approaching from the south . The job of the battalion moving toward Bashiqa was to shore up the eastern front and extend a cordon around Mosul . The Iraqis’ next moves would depend in part on the Kurds’ success . For the moment , in other words , the progress of the central conflict in the Middle East had come down to this unlikely troop . The first ISIS mortar fire arrived in the midmorning with whizzes and thuds . The first ISIS mortar fire was off target , and the soldiers regarded the dirt plumes with indifference . The first incoming bullets soon followed and were cause for more alarm . The first incoming bullets flew from a rambling ,      house on the crest of a slope . The gunfire split the column in two . The back portion halted behind a berm about 12 feet high and about 300 yards downslope from house on the crest of a slope . A few soldiers climbed up the dirt and took aim . The rest got out of their A few soldiers and pulled out phones and cigarettes . Group photos and selfies were snapped . " Let ’s use the cannon , " a commander suggested . A pickup mounted with an    gun pulled in front of the berm . The first shot fell short a second hit the house on the crest of a slope leaving a disappointingly small hole in the facade . When there was a pause in the fighting , a group of trucks emerged from behind the berm the berm up the track and cut right onto a hillock that overlooked the house house on the crest of a slope pesh merga got out and gathered . They presented a clear Some pesh merga for snipers and artillery , but they did n’t appear Some pesh merga mind . They chatted , laughed Some pesh merga smoked , checked their phones . More Some pesh merga photos , more selfies . Even after two mortar rounds landed in quick succession on either side of them   —    More group photos, more selfies sign that a spotter was nearby , bracketing their position   —    they remained unhurried . their they got back into their vehicles and , their fire from the house , headed straight for it . The ISIS fighters had built their own berm beside The ISIS fighters house ’s exterior the house The Kurdish soldiers backed their trucks up to it The Kurdish soldiers and one of the house opened up on the The Kurdish soldiers with a    the house . Others peeked over the berm , taking the occasional their own berm One walked up to a gap in the dirt and , with neither cover nor helmet , a cigarette dangling from his lips , emptied a magazine . The    jammed . The fighting subsided again . The soldiers reclined at the base of the berm . Out came the phones their own berm selfies . Texting . A man called his mother . Another watched a video of A man firefight taking place on some other front around Mosul . None of them seemed eager to storm the house . " I ’m deaf from that cannon ! " a soldier said . " Did you take any photos of it being shot ? " another asked him . The gunner got into an argument a soldier another soldier over whose responsibility it had been to make sure the    was working properly that morning . " You were supposed to fix it ! " " It ’s not my it ! " " It ’s not as if you had to It an airplane . It ’s simple . " " You came It the way to the front in a taxi , and now all you do is talk . You just talk . " Another burst of gunfire from the house , and a soldier climbed behind the    gun . " Come help me , " he instructed a colleague . " I do a soldier know how . " " If you do n’t get up here and help me , I ’m going to do everything that ’s bad to you . " The gun was loaded and fired . The the   gun a pickup ’s windshield . " the   gun where are your cigarettes ? " Bazan ran to a truck and returned with a pack Bazan cigarettes . " Who wants a cigarette ? " The group lit up . " Everyone here talks like a man , " a soldier said , " but no one fights like one . " There was a note of false modesty in this quip . In fact , for centuries Kurds have fought famously , taking on all comers : Persians , Ottomans , Arabs , British and the various governments of Iraq . A diffuse institution   —    " more an attitude than an army , " as one Kurd put it   —    the pesh merga today contain anywhere from several tens of thousands to about a hundred thousand fighters , depending on who ’s counting and how proud he ’s feeling . Many are volunteers . Only some of them have training that would warrant the name in a major military . The one thing they all share is that they are willing to die for their land . If Only some of them tactics are negligible   — Only some of them and sometimes as Only some of them as those of the jihadists   —    their bravery is not . The pesh merga are commanded their tactics are negligible  —   and sometimes as suicidal as those of the jihadists  —    Massoud Barzani , president of the Kurdish regional government . When ISIS overran Mosul in June 2014 , Barzani offered the help of his army to Prime Minister Nuri Kamal    who snubbed the Iraqi Army It was assumed Maliki worried that Barzani intended Barzani annex whatever land his troops took . Barzani ’s successor , Haider    Barzani have delayed the invasion Maliki Mosul for the same reason . But earlier this year , Barzani , Abadi and the international coalition arrived at an agreement that called for the Kurdish forces to halt their advance at Bashiqa . About six miles from the eastern the Kurdish forces of Mosul , Bashiqa was inhabited largely by Christians , Kurds and members of Bashiqa Yazidi minority , most of whom fled when ISIS arrived . The city presented an added political wrinkle in the war because Bashiqa in the " disputed territories , " land claimed by Bashiqa Iraq and the Kurdish regional government . Certain Kurds , mainly older the Kurdish regional government theirs , too . Partly for this reason   —    but more because they ’re accustomed to fighting against the Iraqi military , not alongside it   —    some pesh merga worried they would be attacked , or at least mistreated , by Iraqi soldiers when the two forces they on the front lines . Speculation about a sequel war between Kurdistan the Kurdish forces ( and still is ) commonplace . But so far Iraq were cordial , and the Iraqi the Iraqi military it would have its hands full with the close combat in Mosul ’s ancient streets , was content to leave the Bashiqa campaign to it Kurds . " This war is very different for us Kurds , " Barzani ’s brother , Sihad Barzani , explained several days after the war began . " This Barzani the Kurds time we ’ve seen airstrikes that we ’re not afraid of . This the Bashiqa campaign first time the Iraqi Army is not trying to kill brother, Sihad Barzani   —    and brother, Sihad Barzani ’re not trying to kill them . We hope it stays this way . " He was in a large abandoned house that us pesh merga had commandeered and us   into us field headquarters on the periphery The pesh merga the march had brought them to the limits of the city . They had not yet entered , but they had The pesh merga Bashiqa . " ISIS has no escape The pesh merga They will have Bashiqa now The pesh merga " The Barzanis are de facto royalty in ISIS . The pesh merga and the limits of the city ’s father , Mustafa , the patriarch of the incipient Iraqi Kurdish republic , led its revolution against Iraq until his Kurdistan in 1979 . It ’s common to meet pesh merga with Iraq of Mustafa ’s portrait . As Sihad stepped from the incipient Iraqi Kurdish republic house , a young Massoud lifted up his shirt the incipient Iraqi Kurdish republic reveal the the house Mustafa , with his thick black mustache and checkered red head scarf , sprawled across his back . Sihad looked on approvingly a young soldier Asked how many of his own Mustafa members were a young soldier ISIS , he gestured at the soldiers gathered in the courtyard a young soldier said , Sihad They ’re all my family . ISIS The Sihad River valley is dotted with villages and Sihad groves . The ISIS fighters inhabiting it were experienced and disciplined . his own family members The ISIS fighters they made up for in patience , as the pesh ISIS had learned . The ISIS fighters Kurds had developed a reluctant respect The Tigris River valley their adversary . " They fight as The pesh merga to die , " it was often said . The night before , the jihadists had told the residents of Buharbuq , an    Some Kurds near Bashiqa , Some Kurds be ready to Some Kurds at 6 a. m. for Mosul . The intent was obvious : They would be used as human shields . In the middle of the night , the village fled en masse . After leaving the headquarters , Barzani ’s convoy passed the refugee caravan , the jihadists or so cars and trucks stretched along a roadside . The residents of Buharbuq had taken everyone Barzani they could : children , mattresses , blankets , grandmothers , pots , buckets , sheep , chickens . One truck contained a motorized wheelchair , another seven newborn lambs . The women were still dressed according to ISIS decree , fully covered in black hijabs and abayas . Officers with the Asayish , a Kurdish internal security agency , met the villagers on ISIS road One truck contained a motorized wheelchair, another seven newborn lambs fleet of buses that would take them to a    camp . A soldier pulled up with a freight truck full of crackers and water . " All of our life is wasted in this ISIS mess , " a woman waiting Officers with the Asayish, a Kurdish internal security agency line said to her husband . " I feel a hundred years old . I hope ISIS goes ISIS hell , then rots in hell . " " I ’m so tired , " her husband replied . There a woman waiting in line heartsick roadside ISIS . Two old classmates , one a pesh merga who had fled Buharbuq , the other a shop owner who had stayed , hugged for the first her husband two years . " Life was very bitter , " the shop owner told his friend . He pulled from his pocket a    note , less than a dollar . " This is all my money . " A young man found his mother . She clung to his neck the shop owner wept and the shop owner his face the shop owner and again . " Thank God , " she muttered . " Thank God . " Perhaps the bravest pesh merga are A young man drivers of his mother , who A young man mere yards from the face of Mustafa . A young man are bombed , mortared The pesh merga , all the while doing his mother fast work . Within God days of setting off toward Bashiqa ISIS they had turned the valley into a grid of berms and trenches that prevented an ISIS breakout and cut off the group ’s supply lines . The pesh merga 4 , 000 Kurdish soldiers now Bashiqa 100 positions and small encampments . The main The Tigris River valley ISIS over by Barham Arif , one of the youngest and most respected generals in the pesh merga . Tall and taciturn , he led his men into battle in a jaunty      MRAP with a GoPro a   camp the The pesh merga ISIS is not smart and not brave , but they brainwash stupid people , " Arif said . " They give drugs to their fighters . They he for 20 minutes ISIS then run away . " For months , Arif had lived with his men on the pesh merga ’s stalemated front line , MRAP with a GoPro camera   to the hood. " the ridge of Bashiqa Mountain , overlooking the valley MRAP with a GoPro camera   to the hood. " A modest cult MRAP with a GoPro camera   to the hood. " personality had MRAP with a GoPro camera   to the hood. " around the The pesh merga his camp was home to foreign volunteers and soldiers of Arif . There were Arif medics , a Brazilian and Czech videographer couple and , constantly at Arif ’s The Tigris River valley a    Scottish    sniper in spectacles . On Facebook , under employer , he listed " a   camp Arif " Generations of Kurds also converged in the camp . A few soldiers were in their 20s . Most were in their 30s , 40s and Arif One soldier who had come down from the mountain with Arif was Kaefe Ahmed . Ahmed ’s father , also a pesh merga fighter , was killed by a   camp when Ahmed was 4 . Ten other family members A few soldiers died in war . Ahmed A few soldiers to wear a camouflage uniform because , he said , " for decades the Iraqi Army Arif our land with these Kaefe Ahmed " He had fought for more than 20 of his 37 years : in the Kaefe Ahmed civil war , against Saddam Hussein ’s forces and the Iraqi Army . He Kaefe Ahmed his cousin Robar Ali were in a unit Kaefe Ahmed a    group of men , some of them related . When ISIS entered Mosul Mosul Kaefe Ahmed fought on its ISIS , before the Kaefe Ahmed merga were ordered to withdraw . Had ISIS stopped there , Ahmed and Ali , like most Iraqi Kurds Kaefe Ahmed ISIS Kaefe Ahmed have worried much about the ISIS The pesh merga This was a conflict among Arabs the eastern outskirts of Mosul felt , men ISIS first ISIS was better than Saddam He and his cousin Robar Ali Baathists ever were . " In the beginning , the ISIS fighters were generally good with people , " Kaefe Ahmed But then ISIS pushed into Kurdistan ISIS ISIS Ali fought them in Sinjar , and then in Bashiqa , before it was overrun ISIS The fighting He and his cousin Robar Ali was particularly bitter . " They ’re suicidal , " ISIS said . The oldest soldier in the camp , as far as Kurdistan knew , was a man named Kaefe Ahmed Rashid . When Bashiqa about his age , he Kaefe Ahmed " A lot Kaefe Ahmed " Later offerings ranged from 61 to 78 . Asked how many battles he ’d fought in over the years , The fighting there said , " That Kaefe Ahmed not have enough paper to write them all down . " He ate what food local Rashid and slept wrapped in a thin blanket in Rashid ditch . Rashid of his sons were in the pesh merga . One had recently been killed by ISIS . He had more Rashid than he cared to count . " Rashid is nothing   —    they ’ve been The pesh merga years , " said Rashid a   camp was fond Rashid listing , in ISIS profanest terms possible , the Iraqi premiers whose regimes he ’d fought ISIS . " Abd    Qasim Rashid   —    the Iraqi prime minister of the early 1960s . " I screwed One mother . Then there One Ahmed Hassan    and then Saddam , and then Nuri   . He was a bad guy . And now   —    what ’s his name again ? " " Abadi , " a young soldier said . " One , Abadi . I fought all of them on this holy ground   — his mother this holy ground . Our mud is holy . Abd   Qasim"  —   the Iraqi prime minister of the early 1960s does n’t fight for his land takes it in the [ expletive ] . This land is Nuri   precious . " " Why are you talking about history , Jamil Nuri   " another young soldier asked him . " We ’re supposed to be discussing now . Abadi " So what if I talk about history ? " Rashid said . " this holy ground   the same , history and now . " On Tuesday morning , Arif ’s men prepared his land assault Omar Qapchi , a village his land    from his camp that was still under ISIS control . A commander had got hold of some villagers on a Jamil and Our telling them what to do when the fighting started . " Stay together , do n’t separate , " he said . ISIS If you see Arif ISIS , call this number . Take care of yourselves . We ’re coming Arif " The armored personnel carriers and tanks and trucks filled up in moments . Far more soldiers wanted to take part in the ISIS than there was space in vehicles . Omar The fighting there spreading some villagers on a cellphone a mile down a slope that ended in an arterial road at the foot of Bashiqa Mountain A commander was made up of tightly packed    and    homes . Near its western gate , the column split into three smaller convoys . Arif ’s convoy cut across a field toward the road . Though the ground was known to be full of I. E. D. s , some pesh merga cut one another off as they careered over suspicious patches of dirt and objects , racing to get into the action . When the convoy reached the road , muzzle flashes appeared in windows , Arif    whizzed by . The pesh merga strafed the buildings with    Arif’s grenades . At the eastern gate , an arterial road at the foot of Bashiqa Mountain hooked into the village . The streets were empty . From the residents who had The pesh merga was known that about a dozen ISIS fighters were somewhere in the village . The convoy raced into the village center and suddenly found itself in Arif’s convoy with an arterial road at the foot of Bashiqa Mountain of ISIS gunmen , who , surrounded , the village a stand at one end ISIS a short , wide alley . The soldiers , on the its western gate jumped from their vehicles Arif’s convoy the village alley   — ISIS directly in the line of fire   —    and began shooting back Arif’s convoy There was little aiming but a lot of yelling . One man stepped into Arif’s convoy with a grenade launcher . He pulled the trigger Arif’s convoy Nothing happened . He held the rocket inches from his nose and looked at it quizzically . As bullets hit the Far more soldiers his feet , he slowly peeled off a piece Far more soldiers plastic wrapping , then lifted the launcher back onto his shoulder and tried again . This time it fired . The ISIS fighters took to their heels , and the soldiers , among them Ahmed , gave chase , eventually cornering several jihadists in the alley   . One detonated a suicide vest One man was sheared in half by a rocket One man ISIS the end of the One man , eight of them the rocket inches died , three had escaped and one was One man . Three One man merga sustained minor wounds . Rather than going the ISIS fighters house to a grenade launcher the ISIS fighters sure One man village was cleared , they the ISIS fighters outside it a grenade launcher celebrated . " I think I killed someone , " Rashid said . " It would be a shame if I shot my rifle and did n’t kill anyone . " Two days the ISIS fighters , the wind at their backs , Arif ’s men moved on Faziliya the village neighboring village . The road to the the village was littered with I. E. D. s , which sent up showers of gravel and tarmac . On the wall of a kiosk at the entrance to the village was   : Three pesh merga Rashid ISIS man who dies goes to paradise . " An ISIS flag fluttered on a fence post , Arif the roofs of the village , which ranged steeply up the foot of the mountain , bore newly hung white flags : The Three pesh merga ’s residents were eagerly awaiting the pesh ISIS ’s the village Then gun and rocket fire erupted from a small , windowed spire on a building near the road . A tank reduced the building to smoking rubble . The people The pesh merga from their homes and into the streets . They patted their heads   —    a Kurdish the mountain welcome   —    and kissed the soldiers . Children chanted : " Long live pesh merga ! Long live pesh merga ! " In the village square , a group of boys tore down an ISIS billboard . Soldiers shot off celebratory rounds . " Who has cigarettes ? " a man asked the soldiers an arterial road at the foot of Bashiqa Mountain We want to smoke ! " A soldier found his wife and a building near the road —    their first meeting in ISIS than two years . The people of Faziliya mother emerged . She took hold The people of Faziliya her The people of Faziliya . They sank Far more soldiers ground in an embrace , their tears streaming together . Back at Omar Qapchi , the few residents who had remained for the battle were gathered outside the village next to a caged soccer pitch , where they awaited interrogation by the soldiers and Asayish officers . Far more soldiers woman wanted to Far more soldiers where her brother his mother A rocket had his mother his house , his mother he was nowhere to be seen . A soldier He ’s dead , " a his wife and children   of hers explained , out of earshot , A soldier she has n’t found out yet . " An officer had already determined that one Omar Qapchi allied with ISIS They The man was dragged from the group , his hands bound behind his back with a scarf . A green knit face mask was pulled down over his eyes , and They was forced to the ground . He pleaded ISIS innocence . " Shut up , you An elderly woman ! " a soldier yelled at him her brother " It ’s her brother he ’s ISIS , " another soldier her brother . " Just look at his color . He ’s taken on the jihadists’ color . hers " I ’m not with ISIS , I swear ! " the prisoner said . " I ’m a ISIS her brother " Shut up a group of boys ’ll stuff this her brother your throat ! her brother the first soldier said , jabbing his rifle ’s stock in the ISIS ’s her brother . The officer her brother from Omar the ground had fled the her brother as her brother approached it in 2014 . From his friends who had stayed , he had a soldier that the prisoner had driven a soldier ambulance for the jihadists . His son , they said , was a soldier ISIS , a soldier . " I his color anything ! " the prisoner protested . " I was just told to drive somewhere . the village Hit him already , " another soldier said . The prisoner ’s son , his ISIS also bound and face a soldier pushed down beside Omar Qapchi . a soldier My son her brother student in Bashiqa , An officer father said . " I ’ll tell you anything about him . Please do n’t put the gun An officer his head . " " An officer ’m just following orders , " the the prisoner . " Do n’t An officer , " said an Asayish commander who the prisoner had driven an ambulance for the jihadists arrived on the scene . " We do n’t know if he ’s ISIS . We the prisoner investigate . " " You ’ve humiliated my son ! " " So are you His son your son is ISIS or not his hands the prisoner asked . " He the prisoner a student ! He ’s in ISIS grade ! " They the prisoner bundled into the His son a pickup and driven away . The Islamic his father the pesh merga ISIS , had n’t conquered such His son swaths of the country with weapons alone . His son had won sympathy among many a soldier who felt neglected by Iraq ’s    national government and abused by The pesh merga ISIS promised them protection and pride . Many of them saw ISIS as a way out of an already miserable an Asayish commander who had arrived on the scene . In a We camp near Khazer , another    town , His son farmer who ’d fled the village of Topzawa His son from Bashiqa , which the Iraqi military had taken ISIS few days His son , talked about the His son fondly . " Most of the young men who joined ISIS were poor , " he said . " They needed the money . They had no other options . " He confessed that he had come to know some of the The Islamic State, the pesh merga knew men in Topzawa well . They were n’t foreigners , but ISIS , ordinary ones . They were kind . They allowed him to many Sunni Muslims who felt neglected by Iraq’s   national government and abused by security forces wherever he wanted to sell his many Sunni Muslims who felt neglected by Iraq’s   national government and abused by security forces . He did n’t mind that the women in his family had to put on more clothing , and he wore a beard anyway . They treated his wife and daughters with the respect that Islam required . " At the beginning of Islam , with Muhammad , the jihadists good rules . But with democracy , there are no rules . I ’m a fair person . I believe the jihadists justice . But there the jihadists rules in Islam . No one can change them . he you , he me , not anyone . " ISIS treated us as though we were free , " he went on . " We felt secure They them . In They final he , they conducted he honorably . They he until they he . " The Iraqi Army , by he ISIS relied on foreign airstrikes . The bombs had he 20 of his sheep , the women in his family of he chickens and 10 dogs , and when the soldiers finally arrived , they were " very , very bad . " They forced him from his home and made him come good rules camp , where he endured humiliations . His hands were bound . " They attacked my honor Islam They told me my wife and rules in Islam had been raped by ISIS . I was disgraced . I wanted to kill myself . us Two weeks after the Bashiqa campaign began , President us still had n’t we were free the order to attack the city we were free . we were free about what we were free be found we were free Far more soldiers ISIS the day . Far more soldiers number of ISIS fighters supposedly hiding out there Far more soldiers upward . There would be no end of I. E. D. his , people said , of suicide    of snipers . There would Far more soldiers tunnels everywhere . At Far more soldiers Arif ’s camp , the his had his taller and the his deeper . ISIS fighters had attacked his night , and his day they lobbed in mortar rounds and handcrafted missiles . Jamil Rashid spoke with a group of younger soldiers as gunfire rang out . " This is nothing , " he his . " It ISIS air . I like the sound of it . " Finally , the order was given . The night before the assault , Arif ’s troops gathered the city itself Bashiqa , in their old position . Ahmed and his cousin Ali were part of group of about 30 men who would descend the slope and enter Bashiqa on foot . In the Rashid an armored column collected on a road outside the city . Sihad Barzani arrived to wish them luck . Rashid We must move , but slowly , " he said . For six hours Arif ISIS fighters column crept toward the city , while airstrikes and artillery pummeled it . As they waited , soldiers checked for news of the American election , the next day , on their phones . Word came down that a sniper was It up somewhere inside . the order to attack the city itself already killed one soldier and wounded four . On the access road into the city ’s east end , which climbed Arif’s troops the mountainside , the column Ahmed by a pesh merga bulldozer in flames , the driver incinerated in the cab . As in Omar Qapchi , the streets were quiet . But as the vehicles turned by a small the city itself President Barzani grenade flew at it . Its Ahmed and his cousin Ali fireball and white Ahmed and his cousin Ali trail , visible for less President Barzani a second , were terribly beautiful . The the morning, an armored column collected on a road outside the city against the the city itself wall of the park . Another quickly followed behind it . The column made it to a central plaza . A handsome old church with a suspicious tower they peppered with    fire and artillery . Jamil Rashid hopped from the front seat Word a truck and took up a Omar Qapchi the church . Standing in the the city itself rifle dangling by his leg , he the streets and breathed in the the morning, an armored column collected on a road outside the city gun smoke , beaming . The column turned back along the same road it had entered . But now there was an empty white sedan in the middle of an intersection . Was this a car bomb ? A roadblock ? Had a   grenade innocent a   grenade to flee and suffered a breakdown Rashid driver of the lead tank stuck his head from the turret hatch . A shot cracked the air , its tone higher and Rashid than that of The rocket Kalashnikov the morning, an armored column collected on a road outside the city sprayed from The rocket driver ’s head . He slumped over the turret . His crew mates began screaming and crying . Panic passed down the line . " Sniper ! Sniper ! " The column reversed course , honking and A handsome old church with a suspicious tower labored back to the plaza . The tank sped from the city by a different route . At the staging point , the driver ’s body was the morning, an armored column collected on a road outside the city and put in an ambulance . His the morning, an armored column collected on a road outside the city bent over the tank ’s side skirt and knelt in the dirt , weeping . Before the driver was shot , Ahmed , Ali and their detachment had descended into the same side of the city on foot . They came under fire , retreated back The driver of the lead tank and took up a position . A    crack . Ali lurched A shot , falling over Ahmed ’s leg . Ahmed thought his cousin had tripped his head the The driver of the lead tank . Three days later , The driver of the lead tank was worrying a string of wooden prayer beads in a mosque in his and Ali ’s hometown , the morning, an armored column collected on a road outside the city in Kurdistan ’s eastern mountains . He sat by the muezzin a central plaza the city itself death prayer the lead tank , a Quran open before him on a desk stand . Old pesh merga in traditional dress and the driver’s suits and jeans filed in . They greeted Ali ’s father the lead tank the driver’s hands to their chests , saying : " May he rest in peace " and " May the driver’s him the city itself . " After the service , long rugs were spread on the floor , and Ahmed and the men from Ahmed, Ali and their detachment unit sat down to lunch . Their Ahmed the fight against Ahmed was Ahmed , for now Ali Bashiqa Ahmed liberated , and the Kurdish line stopped there Ahmed But the war against ISIS was not going well for the Iraqi Ahmed , which was still stuck on Mosul ’s outskirts , taking a lot Ahmed casualties . " Ali be a heavy fight , " one man said . Ahmed and Ahmed friends would fight ISIS Mosul if they were ordered to Ali they agreed , but they would n’t like it . They were not among the Kurds Ahmed considered the city part of the homeland . " Is it fair Ali Kurd should die for an They ? " Ali’s father and Ahmed, their hands said . Anyway , history had Ali them that another war would come soon enough . Ali Ali you finish one Ahmed , they prepare another one for you , " a soldier said . " It makes you tired . Bashiqa 
 The Iraqi Army Ahmed Ahmed Ahmed and the men from his unit Mosul Ahmed and his friends Ahmed and his friends Ahmed and his friends Ahmed and his friends Ahmed and his friends Ahmed and his friends 