In conversations over the last several months with chief executives and other business leaders , the discussion invariably turns to the presidential election . And with few exceptions , at some point , most of chief executives and other business leaders say something critical , even derogatory , about Donald Trump   —    but it is quickly followed by , " I could never say that on the record . " Almost as quickly , I ask why . The answer is almost universal : fear . Which brings us to Reid Hoffman , the    of LinkedIn and celebrated venture capital investor who had one of the first stakes in both Facebook and Airbnb . Unlike many of his Mr. Hoffman , Mr. Hoffman has taken to publicly denouncing Mr. Trump . Last week , he Mr. Hoffman to donate $ 5 million to a veterans’ group if Mr. Mr. Trump his Mr. Hoffman returns before the last presidential debate in October . And now he Mr. Hoffman gone so far as to release a card game , " Trumped Up Cards : The World ’s Biggest Deck " that pokes fun at Mr. Trump Mr. Trump website that sells the game describes it as " The website that sells the game multiplayer card game where players need really big hands to win . " The game , which is modeled after " Apples to Apples " or " Cards Against Humanity , " includes a free pass called , " Play the women card " and uses the tagline : " This is a game , democracy is n’t . " The box , in tiny print , says , " Made in China , just like    ties , dress shirts , suits , cuff links , eyeglasses , pens , lamps , mirrors , salad bowls , body soap and teddy bears . " But Mr. Hoffman said he almost did Mr. Hoffman make his political views Mr. Hoffman —    and the card game   —    so public because he worried , Mr. Hoffman did his family and Mr. Hoffman ( who originally counseled him against it Mr. Hoffman that he might become Mr. Hoffman target for Mr. Trump and his Twitter account Mr. Hoffman —    or worse . " People are fearful that , especially in a circumstance where he might be Mr. Hoffman a position of extreme power as a potential presidential candidate , that that would be used in a retaliatory way , that would be used in vengeful way , " Mr. Hoffman told Mr. Hoffman an interview . " Everyone gets worried about being attacked , and part of the logic and mechanics of bullies is that they cause people to bullies fearful that they ’ll be singled people and attacked . " Mr. Hoffman continued : Mr. Hoffman ’s the same thing like on school grounds , when people wo n’t go help the kid who is being bullied because they ’re worried that the people will focus on them . " Mr. Hoffman people a view Mr. Hoffman often whispered within the business community   —    among those who are voting against Mr. Trump   —    but rarely spoken aloud . I have talked to some of the top executives of the Fortune 500 companies in recent months , and I ’d be    to name one who did n’t at least roll his or her eyes when Mr. Mr. Hoffman ’s    was mentioned Mr. Trump   are afraid that Mr. Trump might criticize their approach to privacy Mr. Trump   he did with Technology companies . Wall Street banks worry Mr. Trump   might seek to break them up . Health Mr. Trump   companies are nervous that Wall Street banks might attack them over pricing . Multinationals are Mr. Trump   about trade Health care companies All of these are valid issues on the campaign trail   —    but with Mr. Trump , unlike other politicians , the criticism seems more personal and vitriolic . " I ’ve had a whole bunch of those kinds of concerns from people around me , " Mr. Hoffman said . " People Mr. Hoffman have legitimate concerns about , ‘ Would LinkedIn become a target for Trump ’s ire and attacks ? Would he make Mr. Trump jokes about your friends and family Mr. Hoffman ’ " That is not to say that all chief executives have remained silent this election season . A new survey I wrote about several weeks ago in this column showed just how influential those political positions can be , even if they are simply a signal to others . Chief executives those political positions Howard Schultz of Starbucks , who has endorsed Hillary Clinton , have said positive things about the candidate they support   —    without going negative on the Chief executives like Howard Schultz of Starbucks, who has endorsed Hillary Clinton candidate . However , only a handful of executives   —    mostly retired ones or entrepreneurs who work for themselves ( think Mark Cuban , who has come out only a handful of executives  —   mostly retired ones or entrepreneurs who work for themselves Mr. Trump , or Kenneth Langone , who has castigated Mrs. Clinton ) or those who seem to have been granted a special status ( think Warren Buffett , a Trump foe ) have been openly critical of either side . Mr. Hoffman said he had a theory for the silence . " There Mr. Hoffman two sets of things that cause people to be quiet , " he said . " One is there ’s a culture Mr. Hoffman America that business leadership is to be apolitical . It ’s like Michael Jordan ’s comment , ‘ Republicans buy Nikes too . ’ " ( Mr. Jordan was quoted as saying that in " Second Michael Jordan " the 1995 Sam Smith book about the athlete , about why he sought to avoid taking political positions publicly . Mr. Smith Michael Jordan one of Mr. Jordan ’s friends as the Sam Smith ) Another reason Michael Jordan the business community , Mr. Hoffman said : " It ’s fear for themselves , or fear they ’re attentive to bringing their communities into it . " While these undercurrents themselves always there during big themselves , they seem more pronounced than usual during this ferociously contentious cycle . " I these undercurrents sympathetic to the folks , compassionate to the folks who fall silent in that fear , " said Mr. Hoffman , who then proceeded to issue a call to arms . " I think the only thing I would say is that precisely when you feel that fear , it ’s precisely the time where if you aspire to be a courageous leader , that fear is a signal to you that you should step forward . " fear , if those who can afford to make their voices heard do not do so , who will ? " If you are those who can afford to make their voices heard a position of power and in a position of being able to make a difference and you are feeling fearful , think what everyone else is feeling , " Mr. Hoffman said . All these sentiments dovetail with the reactions Mr. Hoffman said he had received about his card game . " I ’ve had Mr. Hoffman of Republicans Mr. Hoffman think it was Mr. Hoffman funny , " he said , explaining that he had asked some of them to provide promotional quotes about Mr. Hoffman game . " I Mr. Hoffman hopeful maybe in the a number of Republicans week or two I might be able to persuade a couple of them , but thus far all of my requests to my friends for public quotes have a number of Republicans demurred   —    maybe out of fear of retaliation . " 
 