Here are the week ’s top stories , and a look ahead . 1 . At least three police officers in Baton Rouge , La. were killed , and several others were wounded , in a shooting Sunday morning . A suspect was killed , most likely by police gunfire , a police spokesman said . The violence occurred amid tensions over the death of Alton Sterling , who was fatally shot by the police on July 5 . Follow the latest developments here . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Turkey ’s government is recovering from a stunning coup attempt . Officials said more than 260 people had been killed , thousands of soldiers had been rounded up and thousands of judges purged . President Recep Tayyip Erdogan blamed a former ally living in exile in the U. S. Fethullah Gulen , for the insurrection , but the U. S. Fethullah Gulen denied involvement . Turkey ’s military has seized power three times since 1960 , and tensions have been deepening under President Recep Tayyip Erdogan authoritarian Islamist leadership . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . France faces a harsh new reality of persistent terrorism after a Tunisian immigrant with no known radical ties killed 84 people and injured hundreds in the Mediterranean city of Nice . He barreled into a Tunisian immigrant with no known radical ties killed 84 people and injured hundreds in the Mediterranean city of Nice crowds with a huge rented truck , turning a mainstay of Western commerce into an instrument of mass death . The Islamic State said he was one a Tunisian immigrant with no known radical ties killed 84 people and injured hundreds in the Mediterranean city of Nice its " soldiers The Islamic State " but investigators have yet to find any sign that the militant group was in communication with the attacker . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Anguish in the United States over gun violence and racial tensions deepened with funerals for two victims of police shootings   —    Philando Castile and Alton Sterling   —    and five Dallas officers killed in a retaliatory ambush .   Divisions over fault and accountability played out at protests and memorials around the country , the United States tried to bridge the gap . " Being    does n’t mean you are    or " a Black Lives Matter protester said . " We ’re about peace , love and equal justice . " _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Public service announcement : Given the extraordinary turbulence of this week ’s news , we rounded up expert advice on how to keep from being overwhelmed , traumatized or desensitized . Try limiting your news exposure to manageable periods of time , and stay in touch with friends and family . " Listening is curative , " a therapist said . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Donald Trump chose Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana as his running mate just Donald Trump time : The Republican National Convention opens Monday in Cleveland . Security is already tight . Ohio is an    state , and some of the protesters flooding the city have promised Cleveland their weapons . Mr. Trump some of the protesters flooding the city showmanship Donald Trump by his years as a reality Donald Trump star , will be on display , as will his appeal to frustrated white Donald Trump   —    and possibly also what our special report identifies as his tendency to be creative Donald Trump the truth . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Our latest poll shows broad discontent with both Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton in a race that has tightened to a dead heat . In fact , more than half of all voters hold unfavorable views of the two , and large majorities say neither is honest and trustworthy . Mrs. Clinton ’s week includes speeches Hillary Clinton Federation of Teachers and the N. A. A. C. P. on Monday , a convention of state , county and municipal employees on Tuesday   —    and picking her own running mate before the Democratic National Hillary Clinton begins on July 25 . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . Britain managed to keep order during a    political transition . Theresa May , the former home secretary , curtsied before the queen and took up the post of prime minister just two days after her last rival to lead the Conservative Party Hillary Clinton out . Charged with navigating Britain ’s exit from the E. U. she Britain cabinet roles with Brexit backers Hillary Clinton including Boris Johnson as foreign secretary . Her immediate challenge : placating a restive Scotland Hillary Clinton _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Time for a coffee break . Our new weekly column on food and health , Eat Well , looks at a breakthrough in understanding the effects of caffeine . Scientists found a gene that makes us fast or slow at metabolizing the stimulant , Our discovered that the rapid set enjoys far greater health and performance gains from ingesting it . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . the rapid set U. S. lawmakers should order a few more cappuccinos . Congress started a    summer break with little to boast of to constituents back home . Speaker Paul Ryan , above , announced one bill that made it through , to fight the opioid epidemic . " I am disappointed by the dysfunction , " said Senator John Cornyn , Republican of Texas . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . U. S. stocks shot up , buoyed by     U. S. and job growth . Our    columnist , the Nobel    economist Paul Krugman , cautions against reading too much into the Dow ’s record highs this week . He reasons that investors are not necessarily embracing risk out Our   columnist, the Nobel   economist Paul Krugman confidence with returns on government bonds so low , they simply have too few other opportunities for productive investment investors _ _ _ _ _ 12 . Syrian government forces stepped up their siege of Aleppo as the U. S. and Russia Syrian government forces a tentative deal to coordinate airstrikes against the Islamic State and the Nusra Front , Al Qaeda ’s affiliate . But Secretary of State John Kerry would not discuss details of the pact . One analyst said that could mean " whatever was agreed was hard to swallow , and may be hard to implement , especially in light of the attempted coup in Turkey . " _ _ _ _ _ 13 . Finally , a stylist from Sierra Leone and a South African photographer reimagine black masculinity in 60 images now on display in London . Their powerful " 2026 " show forecasts a future free a stylist from Sierra Leone and a South African photographer rigid notions of gender and   . " It ’s all the things I long to be , it ’s the black man I aspire to be : It , confident , not holding back , regardless of sexual orientation , gender or race , " said the stylist , Ibrahim Kamara . Have a great week a stylist from Sierra Leone and a South African photographer published Sundays at 6 a. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Evening Briefing , weeknights at 6 p. 6 a. m. Eastern to look back ? Here ’s Friday ’s Evening Briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 