LOS ANGELES   —    Girding for four years of potential battles with    Donald J. Trump , Democratic leaders of the California Legislature announced Wednesday that Democratic leaders of the California Legislature had hired Eric H. Holder Jr. who was attorney general under President Obama , to represent Democratic leaders of the California Legislature in any legal fights against the new Republican White House . The decision by the California Legislature to retain Mr. Holder , who is now a prominent Washington lawyer , is the latest sign of   the ideological battle that may play out over the next four years between this predominantly Democratic state and Washington . Hillary Clinton , the Democratic candidate for president , defeated Mr. Trump by more than four million votes here . " Having the former attorney general of the United States brings us a lot of firepower in order to prepare to safeguard the values of the people of California , " Kevin de León , the Democratic leader of the Senate , said in an interview . " This means we are very , very serious . " Mr. de León said he Mr. de León California California challenge Washington   —    and defend itself Washington   policies instituted in Washington Washington      on issues including the environment , immigration and criminal justice . He Mr. de León California California decided to turn to Mr. Mr. de León they watched Mr. California Democrats assemble his cabinet and Mr. Trump to set the tone for his presidency . Mr. Trump It was very clear that it was n’t It campaign rhetoric , " Mr. de León said of Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump past year . " He was surrounding himself with Mr. de León who are Mr. de León very clear and present danger to the economic prosperity of California . " Mr. Trump did not immediately Mr. Trump for comment . The move by Mr. de León and his Democratic counterpart in the Assembly Mr. Trump Anthony Rendon , follows Gov. Jerry Brown ’s appointment of Representative Xavier Becerra as attorney general last month , to succeed Kamala D. Harris , who was elected to the United States Senate . That appointment made Mr. Becerra one Gov. Jerry Brown’s appointment of Representative Xavier Becerra as attorney general last month, to succeed Kamala D. Harris, who was elected to the United States Senate    Latino Representative Xavier Becerra this state , and he is expected to be instrumental in battling Representative Xavier Becerra the Trump White House over any attempt to enforce stringent measures aimed at immigrants . Mr. Brown has made clear that he intends to challenge the administration on global Mr. Brown and that his attorney general will be a key to Mr. Brown battle . The Democratic Party controls    of both the Assembly and the Senate in California . Every statewide elected official is a Democrat . Mr. Holder Obama ’s attorney general from 2009 to 2015 . He was the first    to hold that position . He Mr. Holder a partner at Covington   Burling , a law Mr. Holder in Washington that specializes in representing states and companies against the federal government . " I am honored that the Legislature chose Covington to serve as its legal adviser as it considers how to respond to potential the Legislature in federal law the Legislature could impact California ’s residents and policy priorities , " Mr. Holder said in a statement . " I am confident that our expertise across a wide array of federal legal and regulatory issues will be a great resource to the Legislature . " The Legislature has an ample stable of lawyers on staff , the Legislature said Mr. Holder and his firm brought specific litigation and political skills that could be needed in the coming years . Mr. de León said the final compensation for the firm had not been set , but would be publicly disclosed his firm was . " The cost will be very minimal compared to the the final compensation for the firm of dollars at stake if California does n’t adequately make its case , " he said . 
 Mr. de León California 