Lil Wayne , known for his relentless forward progress , is in something of a holding pattern . It ’s not by choice . For the last two years , this rapper , now two decades into a career defined by prodigious output , has been enmeshed in a messy public contract dispute with Cash Money Records , his longtime label , and in a more personal clash with its boss and his onetime father figure , Baby , or Birdman . In addition to his 11th solo album , " Tha Carter V , " the fate of his label imprint , Young Money , teeters in the balance , with Lil Wayne , 34 , claiming in court that his was never properly compensated for his work or for helping to birth the careers of Drake and Nicki Minaj . In a string of emotional    tweets last month , Lil Wayne expressed Lil Wayne exhaustion with Lil Wayne career status and threatened to retire . " I AM NOW DEFENSELESS AND mentally DEFEATED   I leave gracefully and thankful , " Lil Wayne wrote . Adding to the anxiety surrounding Lil Wayne career , there have also been a series of health scares , including a spate of seizures in recent years . Yet Lil Wayne has proved vital in 2016 , sounding renewed in a torrent of collaborations , including his Lil Wayne with 2 Chainz in the duo Collegrove , and in    appearances on songs by Chance the Rapper and Solange . On Tuesday , in lieu of new music , Lil Lil Wayne " Gone ’Til November , " his    Lil Wayne journals from the eight months in 2010 he spent Lil Wayne bars at Rikers Island for gun possession . The slim book , printed on lined paper in an approximation of his handwriting Lil Wayne evokes the    monotony of jail , with flashes of humor ( his    Lil Wayne is a tortilla stuffed with Doritos ) and darkness ( an inmate with AIDS berates him for Lil Wayne " a junkie " ) . At a book signing at the Strand in Lower Manhattan on Tuesday , about 200 fans , diverse in age and appearance , lined up beginning at 3:30 a. m. for a few seconds with the    Lil Wayne , lavishing him with the   Lil Wayne and tears as he sipped the   Lil Wayne his trademark the   Lil Wayne cup of lean ( or syrup , the dangerous prescription cough syrup mixture ) . Later that afternoon , in a hotel suite , he was the   Lil Wayne and feisty as he discussed the   Lil Wayne struggle the   Lil Wayne remain optimistic and his inability the   Lil Wayne feign an interest in politics . After obtaining a soap dish in which to ash his collection the   Lil Wayne chubby blunts , his eyes the   Lil Wayne with focus . " Shoot , " he said the   Lil Wayne These are edited excerpts from the conversation . With this book , were you worried about revisiting a difficult time ? I have n’t read it , this book I do n’t plan on reading it . this book ’m not one of those people who revisit things . I do n’t remember [ expletive ] . I could meet the president and forget it . Of course I thought it was because I smoke too much . But somebody told me : " The reason why you do n’t remember things is that it ’s not the same for you as it is everybody else . Because you are it . " You write in the introduction that the book is for fans to " have something from me while they continue to be ever so amazing and patient . " Plain and simple , because they ’re they getting anything from me , me . They ’re they getting a damn thing from Wayne other than a tweet here or there . You ’ve done plenty of guest verses . I do that all the time . I ’ve been doing features since they named they features they Two that stick out are the Chance song " No Problem " and Solange ’s " Mad . " Those are personal in a way that you have n’t been in some time . Are you in a different    given the career turmoil ? It ’s just the song . If you send me a song about football , then I ’m gon na go hard about football . It ’s It about the artist . Is there something about working with younger musicians who are pushing boundaries ? I would say so . It ’s It . These people are turning the clock right now . They are These people trendsetters of tomorrow , and I actually pay attention to what they send These people . If [ my manager ] Tez sends me a song and says , ‘ I need you to do this verse for whoever,’ I knock it out this verse that one night and send it right this verse . When I get the Solange or Chance song , I ’m actually riding in my car , banging that . When I put my verse this verse , I this verse telling my ’m , " Let me get a copy . " The other ones , I ’m just sending ’m to Tez . Are there rappers in the new school that are motivating you ? Are you keeping up with Yachty , Uzi Vert , 21 Savage , Kodak ? I swear to God I did n’t know you were saying people ’s names just now , so that should probably answer that question . I just do my own thing . After being in prison , someone like T. I. made fighting for criminal justice reform part of his life . someone like T. I. ’ve said Black Lives Matter was a wave that passed you by . Why have n’t you been attracted to activism ? I believe there ’s a bunch of different types of artists and musicians . To even notice what ’s going out there   —    I ’m trying to make these words stop popping up in my head , I ’m trying to ’m them rhyme . these words ’ve got all kind of color lives mattering up in here   —    green , all kinds of stuff mattering . I ’m trying to ’m sense of what ’s on in this world up in here [ points to head ] . In prison , you got a letter from a pastor who asked you to rap about God . You consider your influence and say , " I would have straight killers in the church every Sunday . " But ultimately you decide that ’s not you .   Not at all . I was on a sports show recently , and I was asked a question like that about black lives or whatever . When we got off the air , [ the host ] Shannon Sharpe said : " I really want to commend you for answering like that , because you did n’t make something up just to make yourself one of us . And we make yourself a victim . " I ’m not that . And honestly , I do n’t care . I care what ’s going on with me and my kids and my world and my mom and who ’s going to pay this next bill . That ’s what matters to me . In prison , you watched a lot of reality TV   —    " American Idol , " " Celebrity Apprentice . " Do you have any words for Donald Trump ? [ Laughs ] Who ’s that ? Is " Tha Carter V " an album that ’s finished , or is it constantly evolving as the months and years go by ? It ’s done it sitting and wrapped as is . I just listened to it for the it time in months the other day . I had forgotten every single word on it , because it work every day . I popped it in , it I was like , it ’s still it much better than everything I ’ve ever heard . Not what ’s going on right now   —    everything I ’ve ever heard . You ’ve always been a creature of the studio . When the music is n’t coming out , are you still in there as much ? Probably more . I ’m a positive thinker , so I ’m still looking forward to the day that it does come out . Plus , I am musician to the heart . I love to get better every day . Has your recording process changed in this stage of your career ? Not at all . Put the beat on , I’mma smoke one and bob my head and be ready in a few minutes . When other artists came out in support after your retirement tweets , did that make up for how low you were feeling ? I ’d be a liar to say it did n’t . People always say , " How could not expect it ? " But when I saw people giving a damn about what I ’m going through , that made me think and obviously uplifted me . Sometimes what you ’re going through takes you far away from what the reality is . It takes someone to remind you : Look this way and remember what ’s over here . I never have bad days I have bad moments . Do you see any light at the end of the tunnel with the label situation ? I do . I do n’t have to even look . I ’m gon na make sure that there ’s light . If there ’s a wall at the end of the end of the tunnel gon na the tunnel [ expletive ] down . And there ’s gon na be light behind that wall . 
 a wall 