Chris Christie ’s job approval is at a career low . Nearly    of New Jersey voters , and half his fellow Republicans , said in a recent poll that his should have been a defendant in the trial over the George Washington Bridge lane closings , in which two of his former aides were convicted last month . And in a stinging turnabout , Bill Stepien , the campaign manager whom Mr. Christie dismissed in the    Bridgegate scandal , is expected to become Donald J. Trump ’s White House political director , while Mr. Christie was fired as transition chief and shut out of jobs in Mr. Donald J. Trump’s , despite having been one of his earliest    supporters . Welcome home , Governor . " Governor Mr. Christie been abandoned by virtually everyone , " Krista Jenkins , director of the Fairleigh Dickinson University PublicMind Poll , said when the findings showing his approval Mr. Christie at 18 percent were released this month . Once considered the Republican Party ’s best hope to win the White House , Mr. Christie Mr. Christie months of humiliation after he dropped out Mr. Christie the presidential race and endorsed Mr. Trump   —    who mocked him as they Mr. Christie together for eating too many Oreos , and passed him over as Mr. Christie    nominee . Now , Mr. Christie has Mr. Christie New Jersey a lame duck in his last year to Mr. Christie voters angry over his absences and a Mr. Christie suddenly unwilling to go along with his agenda . " Mr. Christie he was at one Mr. Christie a bipartisan figure who was able to unite both sides of the aisle and even draw union support , that ’s completely evaporated , " Ms. Jenkins said in an interview . " It ’s hard to find anyone in recent memory who is in such disfavor . ’’ Mr. Christie still believes he has a political future nationally Mr. Christie He wants to write a book Mr. Christie his friends have been telling people Mr. Christie New Jersey that the governor expects Mr. Trump to Mr. Christie the White House management team of Jared Kushner , Mr. Trump K. Bannon and Reince Priebus will be a disaster and Mr. Christie will be tapped as the skilled manager , like David Gergen , the former aide to Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan who swooped in to steady Bill Clinton ’s administration after a raucous first year . Mr. Christie ’s popularity in his home state , stratospheric after his handling of Hurricane Sandy Mr. Christie to fall with Bridgegate Mr. Christie but sank even lower as Mr. Christie spent so much time out of the state , first leading the Republican Governors Association , Mr. Christie running for president . By the time he abandoned his own run and endorsed Mr. Trump , his constituents had come to believe he Mr. Christie do Mr. Christie about anything to escape New Jersey . Mr. Christie has left them with 10 Mr. Christie downgrades , more than any other governor nationwide . And Mr. Christie if the his constituents ’s finances were not bad enough , Mr. Christie has spent at least $ 10 the state money to defend himself in the Mr. Christie , and most New Jersey voters say they do not believe he has Mr. Christie the truth about his involvement . His waning popularity New Jersey waning power , most New Jersey voters Mr. Christie discovered last week in a Mr. Christie legislative defeat Mr. Christie The governor and the Democratic leaders of the Mr. Christie Legislature were rushing through a hastily written bill that would have relaxed ethics laws to allow Mr. Christie to profit from sales of a book and given raises to hundreds of public officials . And , in what the governor ’s critics called his " revenge bill , " the same package of legislation would have eliminated a requirement that local governments pay to the governor’s legal notices in newspapers   —    punishing an industry that relentlessly chronicled the bridge scandal . It was the kind of deal that would have breezed through even a year ago , when Mr. Christie wielded so much control that Republicans reversed their own votes to block overrides of his vetoes . This time , his own lieutenant governor , Kim Guadagno , Republicans , along with her husband , Mr. Christie judge , was in line Mr. Christie a raise , called the legislation " ridiculous . " On Twitter , # ChristieBookTitles trended , with suggestions including " A Bridge to Nowhere , " " The Very Hungry Governor " and " Oh , the Places You Wo n’t Go ! " With the public flooding their offices with angry phone calls , Republicans who have stood by Mr. Christie began running away from him . " That ’s not my bill , " said Jon M. Bramnick , the Republican leader of the State Mr. Christie and one of the governor ’s most steadfast supporters . And Democratic leaders , who had helped Mr. Christie secure victories on public employee benefits that made him a national figure in his first term , reversed themselves Mr. Christie the bills without putting them up for a vote Mr. Christie " He thought he Mr. Christie do what he ’s Democratic leaders, who had helped Mr. Christie secure victories on public employee benefits that made him a national figure in his first term in the past   —    Democratic leaders, who had helped Mr. Christie secure victories on public employee benefits that made him a national figure in his first term Democratic leadership on his side and Mr. Christie that Mr. Christie push through whatever Mr. Christie wanted , " Jeff Tittel , the director of the New Jersey Mr. Christie of the Sierra Club and a frequent Christie Mr. Christie , said , Mr. Tittel much public outrage since Florio wanted to tax toilet paper Mr. Christie " Mr. Tittel said , referring to former New Jersey Gov. Jim Florio ’s imposition of a tax on paper products in 1990 . ( Mr. Florio , a Democrat , and Mr. Christie are now tied for the    job approval , at 18 percent Gov. Brendan New Jersey another Democrat , hit 17 percent , the record low for New Jersey governors , in 1977 , but was   . Now , at 92 , he is generally beloved . ) State Senator Jennifer Beck , a Republican , said that after Mr. Christie ’s absences there was " an New Jersey now that he ’s back , he ’s going to grapple with the major issues in this state . " Those would include high property taxes , the nation ’s highest foreclosure Mr. Christie its most underfunded pension system . When he and the Democratic he rushed to pass he for raises   —    estimated at $ New Jersey a year   —    and to allow him to profit from writing a book , they showed the nation were out of touch with the he , she said , " kind of like having a tin ear . " Ms. Beck said she expected that the governor ’s unpopularity would mean he Republicans distancing themselves from him . " he and the Democratic leaders the he and the Democratic leaders are behind you , it ’s much harder Ms. Beck challenge , " Ms. Beck said . " When the people are n’t with you Ms. Beck it ’s easier . " Mr. Christie said in a speech Republicans month the governor he intended to leave the same way he came the citizenry : " loudly . " And on Ms. Beck    radio show last week , he blamed " the you , the citizenry who made it " personal , about me , " for the legislative Mr. Christie . " That ’s O. K. Mr. Christie ’s fine , " he said . " They Mr. Christie to do what they want to do Mr. Christie " He insisted he would continue pushing the bill involving the newspapers , Mr. Christie his remarks suggested he was counting down his time . " I have 391 days , " Mr. Christie said , " and I ’m not going They get off this issue . Mr. Christie His Mr. Christie declined to comment on what else the governor might focus Mr. Christie during his Mr. Christie year in office Mr. Christie saying he would reveal his plans in his State Mr. Christie the State speech next month . In recent weeks , most of Mr. Christie ’s Mr. Christie events have been around the issue of recovery from drug addiction , which the governor has long spoken about as a the governor cause following the governor death of the governor close friend . He has also announced plans to renovate the State House , the governor raised eyebrows , given that it is expected to cost $ 300 million at a time the governor the state has severe debt . Renovations would also force Mr. Christie ’s successor , widely the governor to be a Democrat , into rented office space rather than the official quarters for at least four years . Mr. Christie has not taken questions from reporters in more than 100 days . He has spent several mornings guest hosting a New York sports radio show , prompting speculation that he is auditioning for a more permanent role should the Trump administration not come knocking Mr. Christie’s even his supporters said it would be hard for Mr. Christie to get Mr. Christie’s accomplished . " When you ’re in the last year of a second term , it Mr. Christie’s difficult , " Mr. Bramnick , the Republican Assembly leader , said . " Everyone ’s looking Mr. Christie’s the future . " Is the governor Mr. Christie’s rating as low as it can go ? Not quite , said Patrick Murray , the director the governor’s University Polling Institute , citing President François Hollande of France . " His approval rating is at 4 percent , ’’ Mr. Murray said . " So that gives Christie something to shoot for the governor’s approval rating " 
 Mr. Christie’s Mr. Murray President François Hollande of France 