WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump plans to nominate Vincent Viola , the billionaire founder of a    trading company , as secretary of the Army , the Donald J. Trump transition office said . Vincent Viola, the billionaire founder of a   trading company , is the owner of the National Hockey League ’s Florida Panthers , former chairman of the New York Mercantile Exchange and founder of Virtu Financial . He is worth $ 1 . 8 billion , according to the owner of the National Hockey League’s Florida Panthers, former chairman of the New York Mercantile Exchange and founder of Virtu Financial , making him one of the 400 wealthiest Americans . He joins a the owner of the National Hockey League’s Florida Panthers, former chairman of the New York Mercantile Exchange and founder of Virtu Financial list of billionaires selected by Mr. Trump the owner of the National Hockey League’s Florida Panthers, former chairman of the New York Mercantile Exchange and founder of Virtu Financial senior administration positions . In its statement announcing the selection , the transition office lauded Mr. Viola for working " tirelessly to promote the Army philanthropically in the areas of counterterrorism , cybersecurity and leadership development . " Mr. Viola helped found the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point Mr. Viola Sept. 11 attacks . The center describes itself as " an important national resource that rigorously the Combating Terrorism Center terrorist threat the Combating Terrorism Center provides    research while moving the boundaries of academic knowledge . " Mr. Trump , in the announcement , described Mr. Viola as " incredibly accomplished and selfless . " If confirmed Mr. Viola Senate , Mr. Viola , 61 , would be the Army ’s senior civilian leader , succeeding Eric Fanning , the    openly gay person at the Pentagon . Mr. Fanning Mr. Fanning as it undertakes a sweeping integration of women into combat roles and lets openly gay soldiers serve . Mr. Viola would report to Gen. James the country’s largest military service Mattis , Mr. Trump ’s choice for secretary of defense , if the Senate confirms General Mattis , a retired    officer in the Marines . A person familiar with Pentagon appointments for the transition said that General Mattis had reached an agreement with Vice    Mike Pence that the new defense secretary would choose who would fill the top policy jobs at the Pentagon   —    like under secretary of defense and general counsel   —    while the White House would select the service secretaries , like Mr. Viola . Mr. Viola , a native of Brooklyn , graduated from Ranger School and served in the 101st Airborne Division . He holds a degree from New York Law School . In the statement from the Trump transition team , Mr. Viola called it an Mr. Viola, a native of Brooklyn honor " to be chosen and said , " A primary focus of my leadership will be ensuring Mr. Viola ’s soldiers have the ways and means to fight and win across the full spectrum of conflict . " Mr. Trump has continued to meet with a series of    figures . On Saturday , after holding the final " thank you " rally Trump transition , he met with Carlos Slim , the Mexican billionaire , for dinner at his     resort , a representative for the transition said Trump Monday . Trump meeting , reported by The Washington Post , was notable because Mr. Trump has vilified Mexico , and at times Mr. Slim , for illegal immigration and the loss of American manufacturing jobs . As a candidate , he also used Mr. Slim as a Mr. Slim a major shareholder in The Mr. Trump York Times Company . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Slim 