When Mitt Romney traveled to Europe as a presidential candidate in 2012 , Mitt Romney created an uproar when Mitt Romney wondered aloud whether London was sufficiently prepared to host the Summer Olympics . British tabloids derided Mitt Romney as " Mitt the Twit " and CNN declared : " Mitt Romney Trip Begins in Shambles . ’’ When Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey went on a trade mission to Britain , he Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey roundly criticized for an errant comment about vaccinations amid a measles outbreak back home . " A Vaccine for Gaffes ? Chris Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey It " Chris Christie Needs the headline in Commentary . Those moments seem quaint when compared with Donald J. Trump ’s news conference in Turnberry , Scotland , a day after Britain voted Britain leave the European Union . Over the course of 40 minutes , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee made pronouncements , predictions and asides that would have set off serious backlash for almost any other candidate . But Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump’s be graded on a different curve . Here are some of his more provocative Donald J. Trump’s : A reporter asked Mr. Trump about Donald J. Trump’s from some pundits that both he and the Russian Donald J. Trump’s , Vladimir V. Putin , would be the biggest political beneficiaries of the " Brexit " vote . Mr. Trump agreed that Donald J. Trump’s could gain , and could not resist pointing out that Mr. Putin has been kind Mr. Putin . " I think he Mr. Putin be probably , because Mr. Putin know how he ’s been scorned to a Mr. Putin extent , " Mr. Trump said , adding Donald J. Trump’s " He said some very nice things Donald J. Trump’s me . I think he probably Donald J. Trump’s somewhat of a Donald J. Trump’s . " Traditionally , candidates for national office in the United States refrain from insulting their own leaders when they ’re traveling candidates for national office in the United States . But Mr. candidates for national office in the United States , who has bucked almost every other tradition , made no exception for this one . " He ’s constantly dictating to the Donald J. Trump’s what they should do . The world does candidates for national office in the United States listen to him the world " Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump’s of Mr. Obama , who was against Britain leaving the European Union . " He ’s embarrassed . " Candidates Donald J. Trump’s historically do not engage in politics about their own races when traveling abroad . Yet Candidates Trump described Hillary Clinton as a puppet Mr. Trump Obama , pointing to her support for Britain remaining in the European Union Hillary Clinton " She Britain always misread the European Union Mr. Trump said . Hillary Clinton If he said leave Mr. Trump would have said leave . Mr. Trump does whatever he wants her Hillary Clinton do . You know why Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump that ’s O. Hillary Clinton " Politicians are wary of sounding as if they ’re cheering for bad economic news , something that voters tend " Politicians respond poorly to . But Mr. Trump said that the diminished pound , which    Mr. Trump after the referendum vote , could benefit his bottom line at Trump Turnberry , his luxury resort and Mr. Trump course . " When the pound Mr. Trump down , more people are coming to Turnberry , frankly , " Mr. Trump said . " I ’ve been Trump Turnberry touch with Mr. Trump there ’s nothing to talk about , " Mr. Trump said . more people , he added , he would rather Mr. Trump who are divorced from recent Mr. Trump events . Mr. Trump I think I want to use ones that have n’t been involved , take a look at what ’s happened in the world , " Mr. Trump said . 
 Mr. Trump 