Fifty years ago right about now , the Smothers Brothers were standing in front of a CBS studio audience taping the first episode of their new variety the Smothers Brothers . They were also the Smothers Brothers to unleash the modern concept of television buzz , in a storm the likes of which the medium had not seen . They were the the Smothers Brothers Brothers , Tom and Dick , and the     story of their show , the Smothers Brothers The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour , " is worth recalling 50 years on as a case study that may prove newly relevant as a president with a habit of attacking TV shows via Twitter settles into office . That first episode , taped in late January and broadcast Feb. 5 , 1967 , was n’t incendiary , but some that came later were spectacularly so . The brothers inflamed some that came later and segments of their audience by injecting some that came later innuendo , drug references , religion and especially politics into the typically bland    format , drawing , in Season 3 , a    firing . The story of the show can seem   . The brothers were delivering some that came later that every network today covets : a lot of attention and a young audience . Why kill that     goose ? The answer lies in the newness of it all . In 1967 , no one knew quite how to exploit controversy and    conversation the way    publicists do . The    was CBS ’s latest effort to compete against " Bonanza , " the NBC staple that had owned Sunday nights for years . The brothers had a      stage act in which Tom , on guitar , played a dimwit , and Dick , on bass , was the straight man . The dynamic translated exceedingly well to TV . Dick Smothers , now 77 , who lives in Florida and advocates fitness and balance programs for older people , was a bit surprised by the show ’s popularity at first . " I did n’t think we sang that well , " he said . " Now the straight man can see the genuineness , the whimsy that we had . " The we was remarkable for its    approach , mixing The series stars with newcomers and rock acts . A September 1967 installment had Bette Davis , Mickey Rooney and the Who , whose    finale that night is said to have damaged Pete Townshend ’s hearing . The multigenerational lineups led to ratings success some weeks , the show even outdrew " Bonanza . " But the humor content increasingly reflected contentious times , and by Season 2 , clashes with CBS ’s censors were frequent . " They had something to offend everybody The multigenerational lineups " William H. Tankersley , then the executive in charge of programming standards and practices at CBS , said in a 2001 CBS with the Archive of American Television , still sounding peeved . ( Mr. Tankersley died last year at 98 . ) " They brought more complaints than any The multigenerational lineups in history on CBS . They injected politics up CBS the The multigenerational lineups . They refused to do anything that The multigenerational lineups asked . " The CBS response , though , was CBS inconsistent , evidence of how uncharted this territory was . Pete Seeger ’s performance of the antiwar " Waist Deep in the Big Muddy " was cut out of his performance in an early Season 2 episode , but five months later he was allowed to sing the his . What today seems barely saucy would be cut . One early battle involved efforts to say " frigget " instead of " ribbet " in a frog sketch , David Bianculli recounts in " Dangerously Funny : The Uncensored Story of the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour . " A sort of guerrilla war broke out in which banned material would turn up in newspapers , including this one as early as April 1967 , The New York Times reprinted a sketch by Elaine May that the network had killed . Yet some of the material that made it onto the air was pointed enough to raise eyebrows even today . A series of sketches in a December 1967 episode , for instance , mocked the American obsession with guns mercilessly . In one bit , a    contestant was to take shots at three hidden figures in hopes of killing either a stranger , a celebrity or his own wife . If the a   contestant was surprised by the show ’s success and all the controversy , people on the creative side of things were , too . " I was naïve enough to think that nobody was watching except my friends , " said David Steinberg , who was then a    comedian who had made a few " Tonight Show " appearances . " We did n’t know that we were bothering the government . We In Season 3 , Mr. Steinberg did one of his satirical " sermonettes , " Mr. Steinberg which he tweaked religion , a subject Mr. Steinberg television of the day did n’t like to touch . Some time after that appearance , he said , he dropped by Mr. Steinberg show ’s Mr. Steinberg and Tom Smothers dragged him to a room that contained Mr. Steinberg bunch of bulging duffel bags . " I said , ‘ What is this ? ’ " Mr. Steinberg recalled . " And he said , ‘ It ’s Mr. Steinberg hate mail . ’ " In March 1969 , Tom Smothers asked Mr. Steinberg to Tom Smothers sermonette , Mr. Steinberg network had banned the bit . That move is often credited with being the last straw , though it was just one of many , many That move . In any case , the network fired the Smotherses and canceled the the network though it was still pulling in decent ratings . Since the network times , networks have learned that a certain amount of boundary pushing is healthy politicians have become more adept at manipulating TV and the people on the creative side have begun to understand that being on TV , especially in network prime time , requires compromises . That learning process continues today just ask Keith Olbermann or Bill Maher ,    hosts whose mouths have landed them in hot water . Yet      content , whose mouths thing that got the Smothers Brothers in trouble , is all over prime time , even on comedies like " . " And now comes Donald J. Trump , who seems to have thin skin . The Smotherses incurred the wrath of two presidents , Lyndon B. Johnson and Richard M. Nixon . Tom Smothers , who turns 80 in February , said in an interview in 2000 that he had always believed Nixon was directly responsible for his show ’s demise Richard M. Nixon " There was a he game going on that was beyond our scope of understanding , " he said . Who knows what games lie ahead he a Twitter president takes office ? 
 