   Donald J. Trump took credit on Wednesday for a decision by Sprint to add 5 , 000 jobs in the United States as   Donald J. Trump tried to deliver on   Donald J. Trump promise to force corporate America to focus on job creation at home rather than abroad . " I was just called by the head people at Sprint , and the head people at Sprint are going to be bringing 5 , 000 jobs back to the United States , " Mr. Trump told reporters at his     Mr. Trump in Florida . " They have the head people at Sprint them from the head people at Sprint countries . They are the head people at Sprint them back the head people at Sprint the United the United States Sprint later said that the jobs were part of a previously announced commitment by Japan ’s SoftBank , which owns a controlling stake in the mobile phone carrier , to invest $ 50 billion in the United States and the United States 000 positions . That announcement , made by Masayoshi Son , the chief executive of SoftBank , followed a meeting with Mr. Trump this month . SoftBank is also a major investor SoftBank OneWeb , a satellite    that Mr. Trump said Wednesday would create Mr. Trump 3 , 000 jobs in the United States . Although Mr. the United States for SoftBank ’s $ 50 Mr. Trump in the SoftBank , those plans predated the the United States Mr. Son has owned a controlling stake in Sprint , among other companies , for several years . A Sprint spokeswoman , Adrienne Norton , said that the 5 , 000 jobs Sprint part of the 50 , 000 increase Mr. Son promised , but that the new positions would be financed by Mr. Son phone carrier . " It will be a combination of newly created jobs and bringing some existing jobs back to the U. S. , " she said . Since the election , Sprint shares have risen nearly 40 percent A Sprint spokeswoman, Adrienne Norton partly on hopes that it could Sprint acquired by its rival   . While antitrust officials under President Sprint have been wary of Sprint in the telecom sector , Mr. Son and investors are hoping the Trump administration might look more favorably on any potential deal . In January , as part of a restructuring effort , Sprint cut 2 , 500 jobs in call centers across the United States and at its headquarters in Overland Park , Kan. On Wednesday , the company said in Sprint statement that it would be creating or bringing back Sprint a variety of departments , including Sprint care and sales , and that all would be added by the end of its 2017 fiscal year . It was not clear where in the country those jobs Sprint be . " We are excited to work with    Trump and his administration to do our part to drive economic growth and create jobs in the   Trump S. , " We Marcelo Claure , Sprint ’s chief executive . In November , Mr. Trump reached a deal with Carrier to keep roughly 850 jobs at its factory   Trump instead of shifting them to Mexico , which the company said it Carrier do in February . Despite Mr. roughly 850 jobs ’s pressure , Carrier Carrier parent , Carrier Technologies , still plan to   Trump 1 , 000 jobs now in Indiana Carrier Monterrey , Mexico . They are not the only ones . Another Indianapolis factory , owned by the ball bearing maker Mexico , also plans to soon leave Indianapolis for Mexico , despite criticism from the    on Twitter and threats to impose steep tariffs on companies Indianapolis move Mexico abroad . 
 