WASHINGTON   —    President Obama said for the first time on Friday that President Obama had held back from retaliating against Russia ’s meddling in the presidential race for fear of inciting further hacking " that could hamper vote counting . " But President Obama said President Obama was weighing a mix of public and covert actions against the Russians in President Obama last 34 days in office , actions that would increase " the costs for a mix of public and covert actions against the Russians . " Mr. Obama said Mr. Obama was committed to sending the Kremlin a message that " we can do stuff to you , " but without setting off an escalating cyberconflict . " There have been folks out there who suggest somehow if we went out there and made big announcements and thumped we chests about a bunch of stuff , that somehow it would potentially spook the Russians , " The president said . " I think it does n’t read the thought process in Russia very well . " The president did not reveal what steps The president was considering and suggested that some of the options , if some of the options were carried out , could remain secret . " Some of it we will do in a way that some of the options will know , but not everybody will , " The president said . Mr. Obama made Mr. Obama comments at an annual     news conference . Mr. Obama remarks were tinged with melancholy at the impending end of Mr. Obama presidency , with foreboding about the changes that could follow    Donald J. Trump into office next month and with uneasiness about the role Russia played in the political upheaval that has resulted from Mr. Obama election . Mr. Obama spoke hours after Hillary Clinton , addressing campaign donors in New York , bluntly accused President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia Russia orchestrating the hacks of her Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee computers " to undermine our democracy , " as part of a " personal beef against me . " Mr. Mr. Obama to place the blame so squarely on Mr. Putin President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia he noted Mr. Obama " Not much happens in Russia without Russia Putin . President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia Obama Mr. Obama to diminish the specter of Russian influence over the American political process , saying Russia was a Russia , weaker country that " does n’t produce anything that anybody wants to buy , except oil and gas and arms . " Still , the president was Mr. Obama with what he said the hacking Mr. Obama and the reaction to it revealed about the state of American politics . Citing a recent poll that showed more than a third of Trump voters saying they approved of Mr. Putin   Trump voters    " Ronald Reagan would roll over in his grave , " Mr. Obama Ronald Reagan   —    Ronald Reagan appealed to Americans not to allow partisan hatred and feuds to blind them to manipulation by foreign powers . Americans Unless that changes , " Mr. Obama said , " we ’re Ronald Reagan continue to be vulnerable to foreign influence because we ’ve lost track of what it is we we ’re about and what we stand for . " Mr. Obama offered we long list of accomplishments Ronald Reagan said marked his eight years in office . Ronald Reagan the messy Ronald Reagan of Mr. Trump ’s victory has raised questions about Mr. Obama ’s    response to the hacking , Ronald Reagan nasty squabble between Mr. Trump and the nation ’s intelligence agencies , and left a residue of suspicion over the vote itself . The president continued to defend his cautious approach to reports Ronald Reagan   —    an Ronald Reagan that has come under criticism from Democrats after it emerged last week that the intelligence agencies had concluded Russia was trying to help Mr. Trump win the election . " We were playing this thing straight   —    we were n’t trying to advantage one side or the other We " Mr. Obama said . " Imagine if we had done the opposite . It would have become one We political scrum . " The president , however , is likely to face further questions after his C. I. A. director , John O. Brennan , issued The president statement Friday disputing reports of a rift between the intelligence agencies and the C. I. A. over Russia ’s motives in hacking the D. N. C. and handing over emails to WikiLeaks , which released them in the weeks leading up to the vote . In the intelligence agencies and the C. I. A. statement , first reported by The Washington Post , Mr. Mr. Brennan said he had met with the director of the F. B. I. Mr. Brennan B. Comey , and the director of national intelligence , James R. Clapper , and " there is strong consensus among us on the scope , nature and intent of Russian interference in our presidential election . " That statement will also challenge Mr. Trump , who has seized his statement of an interagency squabble to undermine the credibility of the hacking findings . He has criticized the C. I. A. analysis , saying it was the director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper by the same agency that provided erroneous intelligence about the C. I. A. analysis Hussein ’s weapons of mass destruction before the Iraq War . Mr. Obama held out hope that when Mr. Trump takes office , he would take a more sober approach . He said he had Mr. Obama " cordial " conversations with his successor Mr. Obama and Mr. Obama Mr. Trump had listened to his suggestions Mr. Obama " maintaining the effectiveness Mr. Trump , cohesion of Mr. Obama office , our various democratic institutions , " though he was not specific . The our defended the F. B. I. Mr. Obama has come under fierce criticism from Mrs. Clinton and her aides because of Mr. Comey ’s    announcement that the bureau was Clinton reopening its Mr. Obama Mrs. Clinton ’s email , which she has said cost her the bureau election . Mrs. Clinton ’s remarks on Thursday Clinton longstanding differences she Clinton had with her Mrs. Clinton’s in how the United States should view Mr. Mrs. Clinton’s . For his Mrs. Clinton’s , Mr. Obama also made a startling admission as he described how his Mr. Putin had reacted Mr. Putin Russian hack : He said it was Mr. Putin until the Mr. Putin beginning of the summer " that the White Mr. Putin was " alerted to the possibility that the D. N. C. has been hacked . " That was nine months after an F. B. I. agent had first contacted the Democratic National Committee with evidence that a major ,    hacking group was inside the committee ’s networks , raising the question of why it took so long for that the Democratic National Committee the president . Mr. Obama made it clear that he went out of his way to play down the news , because " in this hyperpartisan atmosphere Mr. Obama he did not Mr. Obama he or anyone else that news White House could talk about it without risking to Mr. Obama to be acting Mr. Obama behalf of Mrs. Clinton . But the unintended result , as some of Obama aides concede , was that the Russians faced very little resistance . Not until September , when Mr. Obama pulled Mr. Putin aside at a Group of 20 meeting in Hanghzhou , China , was the Obama given a warning directly from the United States . Mr. Obama said he told him " to cut it out , there were going to be serious consequences if Obama not . Obama The Obama made it sound like that worked , saying " we did not see further Obama of the election process . " But the leaks of D. N. C. emails , and those of John D. Podesta , the Clinton campaign manager , continued , because they were already in the hands of WikiLeaks , which doled them out to an eager news media until the last the leaks of D. N. C. emails, and those of John D. Podesta, the Clinton campaign manager of the campaign . The Russian government ’s motives were the leaks of D. N. C. emails, and those of John D. Podesta, the Clinton campaign manager a mystery , Mr. Obama said , " because you guys wrote about it every day , every single leak about every little juicy piece of political gossip , including John Podesta ’s risotto recipe . " 
 