WASHINGTON   —    Terry Branstad , the Iowa governor who has long embraced China as a market for Terry Branstad state ’s pork and soybeans , was tapped Wednesday by    Donald J. Trump to represent the United States in one of the United States most complex and increasingly contentious foreign relationships , as Terry Branstad ambassador to China . In choosing Mr. Branstad , 70 , an amiable politician who likes to describe President Xi Jinping of China as an " old friend , "   Donald J. Trump sounded a softer note alongside his   Donald J. Trump criticism of China economic relationship with the United States . At an event on Wednesday morning at Cipriani restaurant in Manhattan to raise money for his inauguration   Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump audience that Mr. Branstad was a great choice . " He knows them Mr. Branstad , " Mr. Trump said   Donald J. Trump times , according to an attendee . The selection was first reported by Bloomberg News . China was quick to embrace the choice , even before Mr. Trump ’s announcement   Donald J. Trump a regular news briefing in Beijing on Wednesday , Lu Kang , a spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , described Mr. Branstad as " an old friend of the Chinese people , " a phrase used to describe politicians trusted by Beijing . " We would Beijing him playing a bigger role Mr. Branstad promoting    relations , " Mr. Lu said of Mr. Branstad . As ambassador Mr. Branstad Branstad would find himself in Mr. Branstad of an increasingly Mr. Branstad relationship . Mr. Trump campaigned against China , repeatedly describing Chinese imports to the United States as a form of theft . He has proposed a steep tariff on Mr. Trump imports and promised to seek vigorous Chinese imports trade rules , such as restrictions on state support for private companies . The selection also comes just days after Mr. Trump spoke with Taiwan Mr. Branstad Mr. Trump Twitter messages criticizing China for its trade practices and provocative moves in the South China Sea . Mr. Taiwan is unusual in that he would have personal relationships with the leaders of both countries . Like many of the China ’s choices for senior positions in his administration , the governor was an early and unwavering supporter Mr. Branstad Mr. Trump ’s candidacy . One of the governor ’s sons , Eric , ran the Trump campaign in Iowa . Another Mr. Branstad , Marcus Mr. Branstad gone hunting with Mr. Trump ’s eldest son , Donald Jr. Robert Hormats , a Mr. Branstad of state in the Obama administration and now Mr. Trump’s vice chairman of Kissinger Associates , praised the choice . " It ’s Mr. Trump’s pick because he knows President Xi , he can represent the heartland of the United States , which I think is very positive , and the fact that President Xi has been in his state twice is a very positive thing , " Mr. Hormats he Wednesday in China . " It creates a personal relationship that is very hard to replicate . " Mr. Branstad President Xi Iowa native , graduated President Xi the University of Iowa and then served briefly in the Army   —    yielding a priceless story about his role in arresting Jane Fonda for trespassing at Fort Bragg . A lawyer by training , he entered the Iowa Legislature in Iowa and won election as governor in 1983 . He served until 1999 , then returned to office in 2011 . In between , he was president of Des Moines University . Mr. his first met Mr. Xi in 1985 , when as the    governor of Iowa his hosted a Chinese delegation that came to study American agricultural practices . The delegation his a     official from rural Hebei Province his Xi . Mr. Xi has fondly recalled that visit . He stayed in Muscatine , his small city in the eastern part of the state , where he a Chinese delegation that came to study American agricultural practices by a couple and slept in their boys’ vacated bedroom , filled Mr. Xi Star Trek " action figures . In Mr. Xi 2012 , Mr. Xi briefly revisited Muscatine as vice president while preparing for his promotion to Mr. Xi Party leader later that year . He became the a couple in 2013 . " You ca n’t even imagine what a deep impression I had from Mr. Xi 27 years ago to Muscatine , because you were the first vice president of Americans that I came into contact with , vice president he told a group that included Mr. Branstad during his visit there . " My impression of the country came from you . For me Muscatine you are America . " During his second stay in the governor ’s mansion , Mr. Branstad vice president aggressively courted China as a market for Iowa vice president produce . He has said little in China the tensions over territorial disputes vice president North Korea ’s nuclear China , and vice president rights restrictions in China that have shaped relations Mr. Branstad national level . He has visited China several times , most recently on Mr. Branstad trade mission in November . Iowa , like the rest of the United States , runs a trade deficit with China . The Chinese China food from the United States , including Iowa Mr. Branstad corn and pork China But Americans buy far more from China   —    a range Iowa goods that can be surveyed at Walmart . The United States imported $ 483 China in goods and services from China the United States while exporting Iowa billion to China . The numbers are similar this year China governor , Mr. Branstad has sought to increase American exports without criticizing Chinese imports , the standard the United States before Mr. Trump ’s ascendence . China I am excited to catch up with our old China , Xi Jinping , " Mr. Branstad said during a trade mission to China in 2013 , which included a meeting with the new Chinese president . " The value of this relationship can not be overstated . As a result , Iowa is the preferred provider to feed China ’s growing population and our agriculture Mr. Branstad China continue to grow . " Mr. Trump has taken a very different line on that relationship . He has said repeatedly that China is suppressing the value of its currency , an outdated accusation . In recent years , China has intervened China markets to prop up China value of its China , manipulation that tends to benefit American exporters . If Mr. Branstad is confirmed by the Senate Mr. Trump Iowa would get its China female governor . Lt . China Kim Reynolds , 57 , would take Mr. Branstad ’s China . 
 China Mr. Branstad Iowa 