It was the low point for a campaign that had been in steady decline for weeks . Less than 24 hours earlier , an     recording of Donald J. Trump boasting about forcing Donald J. Trump on women had surfaced and gone viral . Now , on a Saturday morning in October , Donald J. Trump closest advisers had assembled in Donald J. Trump Trump Tower apartment to discuss what to do . his closest advisers included a handful of seasoned politicians and Donald J. Trump ’s     Jared Kushner Mr. Kushner the others   —    Gov. Chris Christie , Rudolph W. Giuliani , Reince Priebus   —    emphasized the gravity of the situation , urging Mr. Donald J. Trump express contrition , Mr. Kushner reminded him of what he had built . Amid the discussions , the Republican candidate Mr. Kushner went down Mr. Kushner greet 100 or so supporters gathered in front of the building . " There ’s 2 , 500 people down there , " Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump advisers when Donald J. Trump returned . Donald J. Trump Those are the people who are going to elect you president , " Mr. Kushner replied , opting not to correct the candidate ’s crowd estimate . " Mr. Kushner worry about the other people . " the Republican candidate chaos that often seems to surround Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump churn of advisers , the Twitter wars with reporters , the daily uncertainty over who is making decisions   —    Mr. Kushner has emerged as the closest thing to a steadying influence , injecting optimism , playing down Mr. Kushner reinforcing Mr. Trump ’s perceptions , Donald J. Trump . In an    organization chart of friends and advisers , Mr. Kushner , 35 , has been the lone constant . Raised by one family that prizes loyalty above all else , he married into another . And he is well acquainted with Mr. Trump ’s personality type , with Donald J. Trump a volatile real estate magnate . Now , there he talk of his following Mr. Trump into the White House . he some Donald J. Trump as Mr. Kushner ’s greatest liabilities as an adviser   —    he lack of political experience , policy expertise or familiarity with the ways of Washington   —    the    views as his greatest strength Mr. Kushner a    devotion without a competing agenda . " Everyone else has their own constituencies , but Jared is just there Mr. Kushner protect the interests of the president , " said Thomas Barrack Jr. a longtime friend Everyone else Mr. Trump ’s who is heading up the inaugural committee . It is not clear exactly how Mr. Kushner , who is married to Mr. Trump ’s elder daughter , Ivanka , might be deployed . He is exploring the prospects of joining the administration as a formal , Mr. Trump adviser .    statutes prohibit close relatives of the president from Mr. Kushner, who is married to Mr. Trump’s elder daughter, Ivanka an active role in the government the Trump administration at the same time , the Constitution gives the president broad authority to choose his own advisers . If the Trump administration presses ahead with a Kushner appointment , the matter could wind up in court the president role Mr. Kushner may play the president the administration , he has already had a hand in helping assemble it . Both of Mr. Trump ’s most senior advisers , Mr. Kushner his new the Trump administration staff , and Stephen Kushner Bannon , his chief strategist , seek Mr. a hand ’s advice routinely , considering his    almost a prerequisite for their proposals Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , two senior Trump officials said . ( Mr. Trump deference to Mr. Kushner Kushner transition team delayed announcing the two Kushner ’s appointment until after the Both of Mr. Trump sabbath last Mr. Trump ) " Jared has Mr. Trump trust , confidence and ear of Kushner inner circle of the Trump administration , including the most important member of that group , the " said Matthew Brooks , the executive director of the Republican Jewish Coalition . He described Mr. Kushner as " one of the most important players right now beyond the    and vice   . " Inside the Trump operation , he is known as the staunchest defender Matthew Brooks, the executive director of the Republican Jewish Coalition Mr. Trump ’s judgment . When Mr. Bannon was recently accused of    and of promoting white supremacist views and conspiracy theories , Mr. Kushner reassured Matthew Brooks, the executive director of the Republican Jewish Coalition Trump team . Mr. Kushner Matthew Brooks, the executive director of the Republican Jewish Coalition criticism was a smear , according to a senior Republican official , speaking about private discussions on the condition of anonymity . Trump Mr. Kushner Matthew Brooks, the executive director of the Republican Jewish Coalition out of the spotlight throughout the Mr. Kushner , he has been more visible since the election , walking the White House grounds during Mr. Trump ’s recent meeting with President Obama and accompanying the    at a meeting at Trump Tower Mr. Kushner night with Mr. Kushner Japanese prime minister , Shinzo Abe . Mr. Mr. Kushner declined to be interviewed for this article . Although he is a newspaper owner and publisher , he has not been quoted in the media since the start of the campaign . Before that , Mr. Kushner did not have much of a public political identity , but appeared to lean left . He was Mr. Kushner in a Democratic household , and several Mr. Kushner ago , he and his wife hosted a    in their Park Avenue penthouse for Cory Booker Mr. Kushner Democratic senator from New Jersey and former Newark mayor , who has become a vocal critic of Mr. Kushner Trump . They also once hosted a    breakfast for another Democrat Mr. Kushner Eric Mr. Kushner Schneiderman , the attorney general he and his wife New York , who sued Trump University for allegedly defrauding students . ( The lawsuit was one of a series brought against the program that were settled on he and his wife for $ 25 million . ) The couple moves in a predominantly liberal Manhattan circle . " Their social politics seem more what I would expect from New Yorkers of their generation , " said Adam Silver , the National Basketball Association commissioner and a friend of Mr. Kushner ’s who has frequently contributed to Democrats . Some New York business leaders , who The couple recoiled at Mr. Trump ’s candidacy , say privately that they are The couple Mr. Kushner will be a moderating influence on the new president . But it remains to be seen how receptive he will be to their concerns . Trump officials say that Mr. Kushner underwent an ideological conversion over the course of the campaign , Some New York business leaders, who had recoiled at Mr. Trump’s candidacy that he Mr. Kushner affected by the experience of wading into the crowds at Trump rallies . Mr. Kushner projects a very different Mr. Kushner from his father Some New York business leaders, who had recoiled at Mr. Trump’s candidacy    . Mr. Trump’s speaks in a Mr. Kushner by long pauses , conveying both intimacy and awkwardness . Unlike most of Mr. Mr. Kushner ’s advisers , Mr. Kushner is unfazed by Mr. Trump ’s frequent fits of anger Mr. Kushner silently rather than flinching or fighting back Mr. Kushner he is being dressed Mr. Kushner , several campaign officials have said . The relationship between the two men is relatively uncomplicated . Unlike Mr. Trump ’s two eldest Mr. Kushner Mr. Kushner did not Mr. Trump’s live through his    ’s public and messy divorces , and the businesses that he Mr. Kushner over are his own , not part of the Trump Organization . Mr. Trump has described him as a " brilliant young man Mr. Trump’s His quiet manner belies Mr. Kushner confidence his family ’s wealth has allowed Mr. Kushner to plunge into new ventures , sometimes stumbling in the process Mr. Kushner In his    Mr. Kushner took charge of his father ’s real estate empire and bought Mr. Trump’s York Observer . Mr. Trump’s as he once courted the media mogul Rupert Mr. Trump’s as a mentor , now that Mr. Trump’s is immersing himself in politics Mr. Trump’s he has been seeking the counsel of Henry Kissinger . At the start Mr. Trump’s the Mr. Trump’s , Mr. Kushner Mr. Trump’s mostly just along for the ride , keeping his     company at the occasional Mr. Trump’s and making the odd phone call to a potential donor on his behalf Mr. Trump’s His purview Mr. Trump’s never entirely spelled Mr. Trump’s , which gave him latitude to exert influence without clear responsibility . He gradually built influence Mr. Trump’s by the end of the race , he was seen Mr. Trump’s as the de facto campaign manager . He oversaw the creation of the campaign ’s $ 90 Mr. Trump’s digital operation Mr. Trump’s including a database of millions of Trump supporters , Mr. Trump’s was developed by a Texas business that had Mr. Trump’s worked on the Trump Organization website . He also brokered important meetings Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump , including his    with Prime Minister Benjamin Mr. Trump’s of Israel , which Mr. Kushner arranged with Ron Dermer , Israel ’s ambassador to the United States . " He ’s a cool customer , " Mr. Dermer said of Mr. Kushner . Mr. Kushner ’s political inexperience Mr. Trump’s at times evident during the Trump He told Mr. Trump’s aide that he did not need to pay for traditional Mr. Trump’s because he could measure voter reaction from Israel applause at Mr. Trump ’s events . Mr. Trump’s his     he ran hot and cold Ron Dermer campaign Mr. Trump’s and played Mr. Trump’s in ousting two of them , Corey Lewandowski and the campaign , Mr. Trump’s their conduct or affiliations Mr. Trump’s them liabilities . More recently , Mr. Kushner backed away Mr. Trump’s a Mr. Trump’s transition team he had previously supported , when the man ’s work Mr. Trump’s a Mr. Trump’s for foreign governments attracted headlines . Though he is not particularly bookish , Mr. Kushner is an admirer of " senior campaign advisers Count of Monte Cristo , " the Mr. Kushner Corey Lewandowski and Paul Manafort innocent man seeking vengeance Corey Lewandowski and Paul Manafort people who have wronged Mr. Kushner . It is a story that feels particularly resonant now : In recent weeks Mr. Trump’s Kushner has been able to exact a measure of revenge against his own Mr. Trump’s ’s nemesis , Governor Christie Mr. Trump’s the campaign , Mr. Kushner opposed Mr. Christie ’s appointment to oversee the transition team , but Mr. Trump overruled him , aides have said . Mr. Trump’s past week , however , Mr. Kushner helped push Mr. Christie out . Their history Mr. Trump’s 2005 , when Mr. Christie , then the United States attorney Mr. Trump’s New Jersey , sent Mr. Kushner ’s father , Charles the campaign Mr. Trump’s for tax evasion , witness tampering and illegal campaign donations . The case Mr. Trump’s tawdry family Mr. Trump’s : At one point , Charles Kushner sought to blackmail his Mr. Trump’s was cooperating New Jersey federal authorities , by Mr. Christie’s woman to seduce him and videotape the encounter . " This had nothing the United States personalities or Mr. Trump’s " Jason Miller , Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Kushner said of Mr. Christie Mr. Kushner departure . " This was purely about putting in the best leadership and the    Mr. Kushner to form the government that the    wants in place when he ’s sworn in on Jan. 20 . " Other Trump officials were critical of Mr. Christie ’s performance as Mr. Trump’s and said his role had become untenable after the    Bridgegate scandal resulted in the convictions of two former Christie aides days before the election . Mr. Kushner Mr. Christie’s the campaign took place behind the scenes , with the notable exception of an    article in support of Mr. Trump in July in The Observer . At the the    , Mr. Trump Trump under fire for a Twitter the election included an image of Mr. Christie’s a shape resembling a Star of David next to Mr. Christie’s pile of cash , the latest in a list of actions by Mr. Trump’s that struck many as insensitive to the campaign . In defending Mr. Trump , Mr. Kushner told the story of his grandmother ’s Mr. Trump’s from the Nazis in The New York Observer Union during World War II Mr. Trump’s article provoked an angry response on Facebook from two estranged cousins , one of whom accused Mr. Kushner of exploiting their family ’s history for political purposes . Like Mr. Trump ’s children , Mr. Kushner was raised in a privileged environment . He went to a private this article in Livingston Mr. Trump’s J. and Mr. Trump’s after his parents pledged a Mr. Trump’s 2 . 5 million gift to the university . Later , he got a joint M. B. A. and law degree from New York University . His wife described him as a " Mr. Trump’s Jersey boy , " in a Vogue magazine interview last year . Mr. Trump’s couple were married at Mr. Trump’s golf course in 2009 , guests were given Mr. Trump’s    with the words " Jared " and " Ivanka " on his wife and a Mr. Trump’s reading , " A Great New Jersey " Mr. Kushner had no journalism experience when he Mr. Trump’s The Observer for The couple million in 2006 New York University a chess board in his Mr. Trump’s that former Mr. Trump’s members do n’t recall ever being used . He found himself presiding over a newspaper of reporters and editors more or less his age Mr. Trump’s and he responded with solicitousness . " ‘ This is so great I ’m getting to hang around with journalists , and they are really smart , " Nancy Butkus , the paper ’s Mr. Trump’s director , recalled Mr. Kushner saying Mr. Trump’s a cab The New York Observer Observer employees . As he sought to put his imprint on Mr. Trump’s paper , his relationship with its veteran editor , Peter Kaplan , Mr. Trump’s soured Mr. Trump’s " This guy does n’t know what he does n’t know Mr. Trump’s " Mr. Kaplan Mr. Trump’s to colleagues at the time . Sustaining declines in print advertising like others in the newspaper industry , The Observer announced this month that it would become a    publication . Mr. Kushner became the journalists face of his family ’s real estate business , Kushner Companies , when Mr. Trump’s father was sent Mr. Trump’s prison . In an effort Mr. Trump’s rehabilitate the family name , the younger Mr. Kushner oversaw a series of transactions geared toward moving Mr. Kaplan into New York . The centerpiece was the purchase of a Midtown Manhattan skyscraper for $ This guy . 8 billion . It was then as The New York Observer for a Mr. Kushner as it The New York Observer out , the Mr. Trump’s not have been worse . A Mr. Trump’s of years later , in New Jersey of recession , the Mr. Trump’s were forced to sell a New York the building to cover a secondary loan on the property . Since then , the real estate market has rebounded the Kushners have acquired $ 7 billion New York commercial and residential property over the last decade , according to real estate executives who have been briefed by the Kushners but were not authorized to discuss the matters . Charles Kushner remains an active presence in the business . The company named a new president over the summer as his son , the a New York office building E. O. became increasingly involved in the Trump campaign . Jared Kushner has found a new passion , and his     is counting on him Mr. Kushner Mr. Kushner Mr. Kushner Mr. Kushner the campaign a New York office building the Kushners the Kushners the Kushners 