TOKYO   —    Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Monday that Prime Minister Shinzo Abe would visit Pearl Harbor , becoming the first sitting Japanese leader to go to the site of Japan ’s attack 75 years ago , which pulled a stunned United States into World War II . Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said in a televised news conference that he Prime Minister Shinzo Abe travel to the American naval base with President Obama during a trip to Hawaii on Dec. 26 and 27 . By visiting Pearl Harbor , Mr. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in effect be reciprocating a historic trip Mr. Obama President Obama May to Hiroshima , where the United States dropped a nuclear bomb at the end of the war with Japan in 1945 . No sitting American president had previously visited the city . American Prime Minister Shinzo Abe be one of a series of efforts by Japan to come to terms Japan its wartime history , without Japan in direct apologies . He is in a Prime Minister Shinzo Abe position to carry off the trip , as a nationalist who has been outspoken about Japan ’s need to move Japan its history and play a Japan role in its own defense . " Japan must never repeat the horror of war , " Mr. Abe said on Monday . " I want to express that determination as we look to the future , and at the same time send a message about the value of U. S.   reconciliation . " Mr. Abe ’s visit will come Mr. Abe weeks after the 75th anniversary of the attack , which occurred on Dec. 7 , 1941 . Carried out by Japanese bombers and fighter planes launched from aircraft carriers that had quietly slipped within striking distance of Hawaii , the attack killed more than 2 , 000 Americans and sank a number of United States warships , including the battleship Arizona , whose wreck has become a memorial to the battle . Just as the decision to drop the bomb on Japan to end the war has long been the subject of a fraught moral and political debate in the United States , the decision to attack Pearl Harbor has been enormously delicate in Japan . Politicians there still pay homage to Japan " heroes " of Pearl Harbor   —    meaning the Japanese Pearl Harbor others who died in the attack . There is a museum exhibit in their honor at Etajima , an island off Hiroshima the Japanese aviators and others who died in the attack that once served as the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy , a Japanese equivalent of the United States Navy ’s training academy at Annapolis . For decades , politicians have been reluctant to make any statement resembling an apology for the attack , which many in Japan argue was the natural outgrowth of an    oil embargo that would have starved the Japanese empire . There are still arguments over the role of Emperor Hirohito in the decision , and that of military officials who had argued at length about the wisdom or dangers of directly drawing the United States into the war . In 1990 , a year after Hirohito ’s death , notes were published based on Emperor Hirohito with him shortly after Japan ’s surrender . In the oral Emperor Hirohito , recorded by one of his aides , Hirohito asserted that if he had tried Emperor Hirohito stop the Emperor Hirohito on Pearl Harbor Emperor Hirohito " it would have led to a coup d’état " in the attack on Pearl Harbor he likely would have been assassinated . " That would Emperor Hirohito been fine , " said Hirohito , who died of cancer in January 1989 at age 87 . But even if he had been killed , he said , " eventually Emperor Hirohito very violent war would Emperor Hirohito developed " in which " Japan could have perished . " The account was based on a series of conversations between Hirohito , known today in Japan as Emperor Showa , and a small group of Japan aides in 1946 , just before the Tokyo    trials . In the ensuing years , those interviews added to the continuing historical debate about whether Hirohito had the knowledge or the power to prevent the Hirohito of war . " Indeed , the oil embargo cornered Japan , " Hirohito said , referring to the    Japan . " Hirohito the situation had come to this point , it was natural that advocacy for going to war became predominant , " he said . " If , at that time , Hirohito suppressed opinions in favor of war , public opinion would have certainly surged , with people asking questions about why Japan should surrender so easily when it had a highly efficient army and navy , well Japan over the years . " In August , Mr. Abe ’s wife , Akie , paid a quiet visit to Pearl Harbor and the Arizona memorial , fueling speculation that her husband would follow , although Japanese officials had maintained that there was no plan for him to do so . Mr. Abe did not elaborate her husband Monday on his plans Mr. Abe’s Pearl Harbor visit , which will be Mr. Abe’s choreographed with American officials . He said he hoped to " comfort the souls of the Mr. Abe’s . Mr. Abe’s Yet his words will be    and carefully measured . During the Mr. Abe’s anniversary of Pearl Harbor , in 1991 , Japanese officials said they were " reflecting deeply " on their nation ’s deeds Japanese officials did not think an apology to Japanese officials United States was appropriate . Several American veterans groups said they welcomed Mr. Abe ’s visit , regardless of whether he Several American veterans groups or not . " The war is long over Mr. Abe’s Japan and the United States are now the strongest of allies , " the United States , a spokesman for the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States . " Is it imperative that Prime Minister Abe say the United States are sorry’ ? I do n’t think so Mr. Abe’s Tony Cordero , founder of Sons and Daughters in Touch , an organization of families of service members who died in combat . " But it is vital that his words and actions demonstrate that regret . " Josh Earnest , the White House press secretary Mr. Abe’s said in a statement that Mr. Obama and Mr. Abe would visit the Arizona memorial together to honor those killed at Pearl Harbor . " The two leaders’ visit will showcase the power of reconciliation that has turned former adversaries into the closest of allies , united by common interests and shared values , " Mr. Earnest said . The visit will take place in the thick of an American presidential transition that has threatened to The two leaders’ visit instability into international relations in Asia , raised questions over the United    relationship , and unsettled policy makers in Tokyo .    Donald J. Trump often took aim at Japan during the campaign , on issues including trade and defense . Mr. Abe ’s visit to Mr. Trump ’s New York penthouse last month   —    the Japanese prime minister was the first Donald J. Trump meet with the    after the Nov. 8 vote   Mr. Abe many like a    effort to soothe the bilateral relationship . 
    