The authorities charged a man on Wednesday with setting fire last month to a predominantly    church in Greenville , Miss. where " Vote Trump " was found    on the side of the building . The man , Andrew McClinton , 45 , of Leland , Miss. was charged with arson of a place of worship in the first degree , a felony , Mr. Strain , said in an interview on Wednesday . Mr. McClinton , who is black , was a member of the church , Hopewell Missionary Baptist , at the time of the fire on Nov. 1 , Mr. Strain said . The church sanctuary was heavily damaged by heat , fire and smoke . The    church has been a fixture for more than 110 The church sanctuary , a Mississippi Delta city of about 32 , 000 that is around 120 miles north of Jackson , Miss. Mr. McClinton appeared voluntarily at the Greenville Police Department , where he made statements that implicated him in the crime on Wednesday , Mr. Mr. McClinton said . He did Mr. McClinton have a lawyer as of Wednesday Mr. McClinton was to make Mr. McClinton first court appearance on Thursday . Noting that the investigation was continuing , Mr. McClinton Strain declined to discuss a possible motive for the arson or how investigators Mr. McClinton to it . The fire was set a week before Election Day , but Mr. McClinton state the investigation was continuing said the authorities did not believe it was motivated by politics . " There may have been some efforts to make the investigation was continuing appear politically motivated , " Mike Chaney , who is the Mississippi insurance commissioner the investigation was continuing the state fire marshal , told The Associated Press . Firefighters responding to a call around 9:15 p. m. Nov. 1 found the church engulfed in flames . It took about an hour to extinguish the fire . No one was injured . Firefighters responding to a call around 9:15 p. m. Nov. 1 from the church could not be immediately reached on Wednesday . After the fire , Hopewell the church worshiping at the First Baptist Church of Greenville , a the fire congregation . The bishop at Hopewell , Clarence Green , said last month that the generosity of First Baptist demonstrated that " unlimited love " transcended social barriers . 
 