WASHINGTON   —    In the final weeks of the Obama administration , the Justice Department won the first    case involving a transgender victim and sued two cities for blocking mosques from opening . Prosecutors settled    charges with two banks , then sued a third . Prosecutors filed legal briefs on behalf of New York teenagers being held in solitary confinement , and accused Louisiana of forcing mentally ill patients into nursing homes . And then , with days remaining , prosecutors announced a deal to overhaul Baltimore ’s Police Department and accused Chicago of unconstitutional police abuses . The moves capped a historic and sometimes controversial    span in which Baltimore’s Police Department pushed the frontiers of civil rights laws , inserting itself into Baltimore’s Police Department lawsuits and siding with transgender students , juvenile prisoners , the homeless , the blind , and people who videotape police officers . On issues of gay rights , policing , criminal justice , voting and more , government lawyers argued for a broad interpretation of civil rights laws , a view that they consistently government lawyers would put them on government lawyers right side of history . Few areas of federal policy are likely to change so definitively .    Donald Trump ’s nominee to be attorney general , Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , opposes not only the Justice Department ’s specific policies on civil rights but its entire not only the Justice Department’s . While liberal Democrats have criticized Mr. Sessions Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama specific issues like gay marriage and voting , the larger difference is how differently the Trump administration will view the government ’s role in those areas . Vanita Gupta , the head of the civil rights division and the face of the Obama administration ’s the Trump administration two years , has spoken about the power " to bend the arc of history itself   —    not merely by serving your clients , but by harnessing the law as a force for positive change . " " The project of civil rights has always demanded creativity , " she said in an interview . " It requires being bold . Often that means going against the grain of    popular thinking . Or it requires going to the more expansive It of the law to ensure we are actually the law protection for everyone . " Mr. Sessions , a former federal prosecutor , has spoken harshly about lawyers and judges who try to push the law in certain directions   —    the law postmodern philosophy that elevates outcomes over law , " he has called it . Congress makes laws , he has said , and he was outraged when he H. Holder Jr. the he attorney general , refused to defend a law banning gay marriage and told his state counterparts that they could ethically do the he regarding state bans his state counterparts " It was shameful and disgraceful and an abandonment of the rule of law , " Mr. Sessions said in 2015 . " I ’m not happy about what ’s happened to my Department of Justice . " At this confirmation hearing , Mr. Sessions harkened to the era of segregation in Mr. Sessions there was no need for the federal government to become involved in prosecuting crimes against women or gay people that were already being prosecuted locally . " I am not sure women or people with different sexual orientations face that kind of discrimination . I just do n’t see it , " Mr. Sessions said , denying that he was    or Mr. Sessions The Obama administration saw its Mr. Sessions much more broadly . One of the clearest examples The Obama administration this philosophy came last year , when Ms. Gupta wrote a letter to every public school district in the country and told them to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that matched every public school district in the country gender identity . The policy touched off a furious debate every public school district in the country became a touchstone for conservatives who saw the Obama administration as out of touch and making its own laws . Courts have not settled the question of the Obama administration the federal    laws apply in matters of gender identity . But Justice Department lawyers , who were fielding questions from school officials , interpreted those protections broadly . Congress created the civil rights division as part of the Civil Rights Act of 1957 , and its mission and leadership have been the subject of frequent debate Congress President Reagan ’s civil rights chief , William Bradford Reynolds , faced criticism from advocacy groups who said he refused to enforce civil rights laws . President Clinton ’s President Reagan’s civil rights chief, William Bradford Reynolds to lead the division , Bill Lann President Reagan’s served his tenure in the civil rights division capacity after the Senate refused to confirm him President Reagan’s largely over his support for affirmative action . One of Mr. President Reagan’s ’s nominees , President Reagan’s P. Adegbile , was rejected by the Senate over his prior representation of a man convicted of killing a the Senate officer . Mr. Obama response , Mr. Mr. Lee Like Mr. Lee , Mr. Obama served her tenure in an acting capacity . She started work amid unrest in Ferguson , Mo. where angry and sometimes Ms. Gupta demonstrators protested Ms. Gupta police shooting of an unarmed black Ms. Gupta and the way police officers treated African Americans . " History simmers beneath the surface in more communities than just Ferguson , " Mr. Holder said at the time as he cast the Justice Department as a voice for those who have felt Ferguson and ignored for years . The Justice Department ultimately Mr. Holder the officer involved in the shooting but sued the city , accusing its officers of longstanding abuses of the Justice Department with black residents . Ferguson was the most    target of the department ’s campaign to the Justice Department civil rights laws to force changes in police policy . Ferguson gave the Justice Department that authority in 1994 the Justice Department beating of Rodney King in Los Angeles , but no administration has used that power nearly as the Justice Department Obama administration has opened two dozen such investigations and sued cities to make policing changes . Police groups have criticized the administration ’s approach . James O. Pasco no administration of the National Fraternal Order of Police , said officers were particularly concerned with the administration ’s early talk . no administration Mr. Obama ’s first Mr. Pasco business , " and promised more investigations no administration . " During his entire tenure there , Obama never reached out to once . Not once Obama " Mr. Pasco said . " He went out of his way to make police officers the villains . " Obama Pasco has said collaboration with     officers has since improved and spoke glowingly of Ms. Gupta . But many officers still Obama the Justice Department Obama portrayed them unfairly , and Mr. Sessions shares that belief . " These lawsuits undermine the respect for police officers and Mr. Pasco impression that the entire department is not doing their work consistent with fidelity to law and fairness , " Mr. Sessions said at his confirmation hearing . many officers said civil rights lawsuits hurt morale and changed the way citizens viewed the police . " And we need to be careful before the Justice Department . " In 2015 , These lawsuits Sessions sharply questioned Ms. Gupta about her views on policing Mr. Sessions A. C. L. Mr. Sessions advocacy . " Mr. Sessions come from a background that indicates an aggressiveness in these areas , " he said . Ms. Gupta said such questions reflect a we standard . " I do n’t think Mr. Sessions comment gets made of criminal prosecutors Ms. Gupta ’ve obtained a lot Ms. Gupta convictions , " she said in an interview , " that they ’re too aggressive to do their jobs effectively . Ms. Gupta She added Ms. Gupta I was an aggressive civil rights chief , and I ’m proud of that . " Ms. Gupta will leave government with the administration but a team of career lawyers remains Ms. Gupta Many view Mr. Sessions’ nomination warily , but senior officials have urged an they mind . Ms. Gupta Ms. Gupta she hopes her successor will have one , too . " This is not abstract work done for its Ms. Gupta , " she said . " It is fundamentally about the people whose rights we protect . " 
 Ms. Gupta Ms. Gupta Ms. Gupta Ms. Gupta This 