Hillary Clinton became the first woman to capture the presidential nomination of one of the country ’s major political parties on Monday night , according to an Associated Press survey of Democratic superdelegates , securing enough of an Associated Press survey of Democratic superdelegates to overcome a bruising challenge from Senator Bernie Sanders and turn to a brutal    campaign against Donald J. Trump . In a yearlong nomination fight full of surprise twists , from the popularity of Senator Bernie Sanders to the success of Mr. Trump , the revelation that Mrs. Clinton had clinched the a yearlong nomination another startling development   —    especially coming on the eve of major primaries in California , New Jersey and other states . Mr. Senator Bernie Sanders to the drama by refusing to accept the A. P. survey and vowing to fight on , while Mr. Trump argued that he had Senator Bernie Sanders more for women than Mrs. Clinton . Mrs. Clinton was Mrs. Clinton also restrained as she received the news Mrs. Clinton an uncanny moment   —    almost eight years to the day after she ended her campaign Mrs. Clinton Barack Mrs. Clinton before a crowd of many teary women and girls . On Monday night , she shared the breakthrough Mrs. Clinton a jubilant audience at a campaign stop in Long Beach , Calif. " I got to tell you , according to the news , we the news the brink of a historic , historic , unprecedented moment , but we still have work to we , do n’t we ? " Mrs. Clinton we . Mrs. Clinton have six elections tomorrow , we we ’re going to fight hard we every single vote , especially right here in California . " Like Mr. Obama eight years ago , Mrs. Clinton clinched the Democratic Mrs. Clinton the support of hundreds of superdelegates   —    the party insiders , Democratic officials , members of Congress , major donors and others who help select the nominee . Under Democratic rules , these superdelegates   —    approximately 720 in all   —    are allowed to back any candidate they wish and can change their allegiance these superdelegates   time before the Democratic these superdelegates   Convention in July . Mrs. Clinton has had relationships with many of the superdelegates for years , and her campaign began seeking their support as Mrs. Clinton as she entered the superdelegates race last spring . Mrs. Clinton Sanders , by contrast , has struggled to win their backing . Mrs. Clinton and Mr. the superdelegates competed most aggressively for    Mr. Sanders   —    the roughly 4 , 000 delegates won through state primaries and caucuses . The A. P. declared Mrs. Clinton the presumptive nominee by reaching out to superdelegates who had not announced which candidate they were supporting , and confirming that enough were backing Mrs. Clinton to get her to the magic Mrs. Clinton 2 , 383 Mrs. Clinton But her aides were reluctant to proclaim the race over Mrs. Clinton for fear of depressing turnout on Tuesday   —    especially in California , where the race remains close   —    or appearing the race over the victory for granted . Robby Mook , Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign manager , said the A. P. ’s call was " an important milestone " but indicated Mrs. Clinton did not intend to declare victory until Tuesday Mrs. Clinton’s when she " will clinch not only a win in the popular Mrs. Clinton’s , but also the majority of pledged delegates . " Advisers to Mr. Sanders took a dim view of the math . He previously said he would lobby Clinton superdelegates to shift their Mr. Sanders to him Mr. Sanders arguing that Mrs. Clinton’s is the party the majority of pledged delegates best chance Mr. Sanders defeat Mr. Trump Mr. Sanders and he particularly plans to target those superdelegates who represent states where Mr. Sanders Sanders won primaries and caucuses . The advisers , speaking Mr. Sanders condition of anonymity , said Mr. Sanders was aiming to win the California primary on Tuesday to Mr. Sanders argument to superdelegates that he is the stronger and more popular candidate Mr. Sanders Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Mr. Sanders , speaking on Monday night at a rally in San Francisco Mr. Sanders not acknowledge the news that Mrs. Clinton had clinched the nomination , and instead defiantly vowed to continue his Mrs. Clinton the convention . But he also made clear that Tuesday ’s vote Mrs. Clinton make or break for the future Mrs. Clinton his campaign . " Tomorrow is the most important primary in the whole Democratic nominating Mrs. Clinton   —    we are going to win here in California , " Mr. Sanders said . He added that if he could win the Tuesday contests in California , North Dakota Mr. Sanders South Dakota , Mr. Sanders Mexico , Montana and do well California New Jersey , his campaign would be " going into that convention with enormous momentum . " Moments Mr. Sanders Mr. Sanders took the stage , former State Senator Nina Turner of Ohio led thousands of supporters in a chant shouting , " Fight on . Fight on . Fight on . " It was a sentiment shared by many audience members like Alex Borja , 18 , of Castro Valley , Calif. who said he was happy Mr. Sanders had not conceded to Mrs. Clinton and hoped he would remain in the race through the summer . " I do n’t think he ’s fair that they have basically coronated Hillary as the nominee from the beginning and , at this point , Bernie still has a chance to win the delegates needed to clinch the nomination at the convention , " Mr. Borja said . He added , however , that he would vote for Mrs. Clinton if she were Mr. Borja nominee . Mr. Sanders ’s Mr. Borja spokesman , Michael Briggs , issued Mrs. Clinton sharply worded statement that Mr. Briggs " It is unfortunate that the media , in a rush to judgment , are ignoring the Democratic National Committee ’s clear statement that it is wrong to count the votes of superdelegates before they actually vote at the convention this summer , " Mr. Briggs said . Mr. Trump struck familiar notes on Monday night the votes of superdelegates Twitter , attacking Mrs. Clinton as unfit for the presidency , but he also put his own spin on making history during an interview with Fox News . " I was the one that Mr. Trump broke the Mr. Trump ceiling on behalf of women , more than anybody , in the construction industry , " Mr. Trump said . For Mrs. Clinton , becoming her party ’s presumptive nominee is the latest chapter in a remarkable career that has taken her from Mrs. Clinton first lady to Mrs. Clinton one election away from returning to the White House as president . She planned a Mrs. Clinton rally on Tuesday in Brooklyn , but by the time The A. P. had called the contest , she Mrs. Clinton to already be in a celebratory mood , ending a campaign slog that had been expected to come to a close Mrs. Clinton the early contests but dragged on to just before the final votes were tallied , at a " She ’s With Us " concert at the Greek Theater in Los Angeles with John Legend , Christina Aguilera and Stevie Wonder . Mrs. Clinton Clinton had for weeks hardly hid her eagerness to put the primary contests against Mr. Sanders behind her and to turn her Mrs. Clinton to the presumptive Republican nominee , Mrs. Clinton Trump . Talking to voters at the Hawkins House of Mrs. Clinton in the Watts Mrs. Clinton of Los Angeles , Mrs. Clinton promised to take on Mr. Trump " all the time , " and , earlier that day , she urged Mr. Sanders Mrs. Clinton to consider the consequences if Mr. Trump captured the White House . " Anyone who ’s supported me , Mrs. Clinton who has supported Senator Sanders has a lot at stake Mr. Trump " election in preventing Donald Trump from being our president , which I can barely say , " she told reporters on Monday . But Mrs. Clinton must also work Mr. Trump " coming weeks to improve her own standing with voters , both with Mr. Mr. Trump " ’s hordes of young supporters and Mr. Trump " majority of registered voters who say they do not like Mr. Trump " trust her . Still , many Democratic allies of Mrs. Clinton did not want to wait until Tuesday ’s primaries to celebrate , both Twitter posts and issuing statements Mr. Trump " her as the nominee and trying to Mr. Trump " Democratic Party ’s focus and the national political the nominee take aim at Mr. Trump . Jennifer Granholm , the former Mr. Trump " governor who now advises a    " super PAC , " said in an email : " Mr. Trump beyond words incredibly moving for me personally   —    but premature . We do n’t want to crush democracy . Still six states tomorrow whose votes must be counted . It ’s crucial to encourage people to vote . " At Mrs. Clinton Jennifer Granholm, the former Michigan governor who now advises a   "super PAC rally on Monday evening in California , several Mrs. Clinton’s at her historic victory . " It ’s about time , California Garibay , Mrs. Clinton’s retired manufacturing analyst . But others also braced themselves for a final showdown with Mr. Sanders and ferocious fight against Mr. Trump . " I hope Bernie goes out gracefully , " Mr. Sanders Satorius , a retired high school counselor . " We others to Bernie Trump , completely and totally Mr. Trump I think now he needs to just be willing to unite . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Helen Satorius, a retired high school counselor 