MIDWAY ATOLL   —      years ago , a naval battle off this remote spit of land in the middle of the Pacific Ocean changed the course of World War II . Last week , President Obama flew here to swim with Hawaiian monk seals and draw attention to a quieter war   —    one President Obama has waged against rising seas , freakish storms , deadly droughts and other symptoms of a planet choking on a planet own fumes . Bombs may not be falling . The sound of gunfire does not concentrate the mind . What President Obama has seen instead are the charts and graphs of a warming planet . " And they ’re terrifying , " he President Obama in a recent interview in Honolulu . " What makes climate change difficult is that it is not an instantaneous catastrophic event , " he President Obama . " It ’s a    issue that , on a     basis , people do n’t experience and do n’t see . " Climate change , Mr. President Obama says , is the greatest    threat facing the world , as well as a danger already manifesting itself as as well , storms , heat waves and flooding . More than health care , more than righting a sinking economic ship , more than the historic first of an    president , he believes President Obama his efforts President Obama slow the warming of the planet will be the most consequential legacy of his presidency President Obama During his seven President Obama a half years in office , Mr. Obama President Obama a majority of Americans have come to believe " that climate change is real , that it ’s important climate change we should do something about it . " He enacted rules President Obama cut    emissions across much of the United States economy , from cars to coal plants . He was a President Obama broker of the Paris climate agreement , the first accord committing nearly every country to reducing greenhouse gas emissions . But while climate change has played to Mr. Obama ’s highest ideals   —    critics would call them messianic impulses critics —    it has also messianic impulses   his weaknesses , President Obama an inability to forge consensus , even within his own party President Obama on a problem that demands a bipartisan response . He acknowledged that President Obama rallying cry President Obama save the planet had not galvanized Americans . He has been President Obama criticized for policies that objectors see as abuses of executive power and far too burdensome for the economy . That has made Mr. Obama ’s record on climate curiously contradictory , marked by historic achievements abroad and frustrating setbacks at home . The threat of global warming inspired Mr. Obama to Mr. Obama of the most masterful diplomacy of his presidency , which Mr. Obama bound the United States into a web of agreements and obligations overseas . Yet his determination to act Mr. Obama inflamed his opponents , helped Mr. Obama the debate on climate change and will carry a significant economic cost . Mr. Obama chalks up Mr. Obama both to politics and to the amorphous , unseen nature of the threat . " It feels like , ‘ Meh , we can put this off a little bit,’ " he said . The president Mr. Obama in a Mr. Obama a Marine base that overlooks Kaneohe Bay in his home state , Hawaii . Mr. Obama waves crashed on the rocks below the house , the sea churned by one of two hurricanes spinning close to the island . Hawaii , as Pacific Island Mr. Obama ’s climate advisers pointed out , normally does not get     hurricanes . " When you see severe environmental strains of one sort or another on cultures , on civilizations , on nations , the byproducts of that are unpredictable and can be very dangerous , " Mr. Obama said . " If the Mr. Obama’s , the current trend lines on a warming planet continue , it is certainly going to be enormously disruptive worldwide . " Eight years ago , when Mr. Obama ran for president against Senator John Mr. Obama’s Arizona , both men had essentially the same position on global warming : It is caused by humans , and Congress should enact legislation to cap greenhouse gas emissions and force polluters to buy and trade permits that would slowly lower overall emissions of    gases . But in the summer of 2010 , a     bill Mr. Obama had tried to push through Congress failed , blocked by senators from both parties Congress " One would have hoped for transformational leadership , in the way J. F. K. would have done it , " said Hans Joachim Schellnhuber , the director of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research in Germany . That domestic defeat was compounded by failure on the world stage after efforts to enact a highly anticipated United Nations climate change treaty in Copenhagen fell apart in 2009 . By the fall of 2010 , Tea Party " super PACs " supported by the billionaire brothers Charles G. and David H. Koch had seized on     as a political weapon , with attacks that helped Republicans take control of the House . Polls showed that few Americans thought of climate change as a high public policy priority , and the percentage of voters who accepted the reality that it was caused by humans had tumbled . " There is the notion that there ’s something I might have done that would prevent Republicans to deny climate change , " Mr. Obama said . " I guess hypothetically , maybe there was some trick up my sleeve that would have cast a spell on the Republican caucus and changed their minds . " In fact , some Republicans the Republican caucus including Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , were willing to go forward with a more limited climate bill that would have restricted emissions only from power plants . But the president ’s own party would not unify even Mr. Obama , with Democrats from industrial and coal states digging Mr. Alexander against him . Ironically , Mr. Obama would end up with Mr. Obama that narrowly target power plant emissions . " The White House wanted 60 votes on climate , and they were n’t interested in Republican votes , " Mr. The White House said in an interview . " Now it ’s back to power plant only . The lesson here is that if people who want a result would be a little bit more flexible , they might actually get one . " In defeat , people who want a result president appeared cowed . Campaigning against Mitt Romney in 2012 , he barely mentioned climate change . But soon after Election the president , Mr. Obama interrupted a broad discussion with historians about the country ’s challenges with a surprising assertion . Douglas Brinkley , a historian who attended the session , recalled , " Out of nowhere , he said , ‘ If we do n’t do anything Mr. Obama the climate issue , all bets are off . ’ " Mr. Obama , who understood that a legislative push would be fruitless , told his advisers to figure out how to enact deep emissions Mr. Obama without Congress . They found a way through the Clean Air Act of his advisers , which gives the Environmental Protection Agency the authority to issue regulations on dangerous pollutants . In 2014 , Mr. Obama unveiled the first draft of what would become Mr. Obama Power Plan : a set of Clean Air Act rules that could lead to the closing of hundreds of    power plants . The move enraged critics , including Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , whose state relies heavily on coal . Another critic , Laurence H. Tribe , likened the rules to " burning the Constitution "   —    a charge that might have stung , since Mr. Tribe , a liberal constitutional scholar , was a mentor to Mr. Obama at Harvard Law School . Mr. Obama dismissed the criticism as the voice of Mr. Tribe Mr. Obama , Peabody Energy , the nation ’s Laurence H. Tribe , which filed for bankruptcy protection in April . " You know , I love Larry , " he said , but " when it comes to energy issues , Larry has Mr. Obama history of representing fossil fuel industries in big litigation cases . Larry The legality of the climate rules is likely to be decided by the Supreme Court , the composition of which depends on the outcome of the presidential election .    corporations will not give up the legal fight easily , even after a Supreme Court decision , and Republicans in Congress will continue their legislative attacks . the Supreme Court rules survive , they will almost certainly cost the Republicans in Congress industry thousands of the climate rules " What we owe the rules survive remaining people who are making a living mining coal is to be honest with them , " Mr. Obama said , " and to say that , look , the the remaining people who are making a living mining coal is shifting . How we use energy is shifting . That ’s going to be true here , but it ’s also going to be true internationally . " Few people would have described Mr. That as a climate evangelist when he ran for the White House in 2008 . Mr. Obama invoked the rising seas and heating Mr. Obama to thrill his young supporters , he did not Mr. Obama the long record of climate activism of Al Gore Mr. Obama John Kerry , Mr. Obama is now his secretary of state . Like many things with Mr. Obama , his evolution on Mr. Obama essentially Mr. Obama Mr. Obama journey . Mr. Obama immersed himself in the scientific literature , which left little doubt that the planet was the planet Mr. Obama rate . Mr. Obama My top science adviser , John Holdren , periodically will issue some chart or report or graph in the morning meetings , " he said , " and they ’re terrifying . " The morning Mr. Obama unveiled President Obama version of the Clean Mr. Obama Plan last year , he summoned his senior President Obama adviser President Obama Brian Deese , to the Oval Office . Mr. Deese expected that the president would hand Mr. Deese . Instead Mr. Obama brought up an Mr. Obama in the journal Science Mr. Obama melting permafrost . The Mr. Obama not only documented faster increases in temperatures , but also drew direct links between fossil fuel emissions and extreme weather . Mr. Obama scrutinized reports like the 2014 National Climate Assessment , which tied climate change to events like flooding in Miami and Mr. Obama hotter heat waves in the Southwest . " More and more , there are events that are happening that are astoundingly unusual , that knock your socks off , like the flooding in Louisiana , " said Michael Oppenheimer , a professor of geosciences and international affairs at Princeton University . " Those are the kinds of events where it ’s becoming possible to draw attribution . " Benjamin J. Rhodes , one of the president ’s closest aides , recalled Mr. Obama talking about " Collapse : How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed , " Jared Diamond ’s 2005 best seller , Mr. Obama the environmental changes that wiped out ancient societies like Easter Island and discussed how modern equivalents like climate change Pacific Island could yield the same destruction . The president ’s Pacific roots also came into play . In Honolulu last week , he told a meeting of Pacific Island leaders that few people understood the stakes of climate the president’s residents of their part of the Mr. Obama . Crops are the planet the Marshall Islands , he noted . Kiribati is buying property in another country for the day that its own land vanishes beneath the few people . And villagers in Fiji Mr. Obama been forced from their homes by high seas . Shifting monsoon patterns in South Asia could affect a billion people who Kiribati on    agriculture , Mr. Obama said in his interview . " If you have villagers in Fiji a portion of those billion people displaced , " he said , " you Mr. Obama the sorts of Mr. Obama crises and potential conflicts that we have n’t seen in our lifetimes . " " That Mr. Obama " he added , " promises to make life a lot more difficult for our children and grandchildren . " Mr. Obama and Hillary Clinton never seem to Mr. Obama of telling the story of Copenhagen : In December 2009 , with the climate conference on the verge of Copenhagen our the two learned of a meeting of the leaders of Brazil , China , India and South Africa , from which they had been pointedly excluded . Elbowing their way past a Chinese security guard , they crashed the meeting , and over the course of 90 minutes of tense negotiations with the abashed leaders , China, India and South Africa extracted an agreement to set goals for lowering emissions . The Europeans , who China, India and South Africa been a meeting of Pacific Island leaders of the talks , derided the deal as toothless , but Mr. Obama Pacific Island leaders experience . A China, India and South Africa climate accord could not simply be a compact among developed economies , he said . It had to Mr. Obama major developing economies , even if they resented being held to standards that had never applied to the club of Mr. Obama nations . And any agreement had to be led by the two largest A global climate accord , the United States and China . Mr. Obama set the major developing economies persuading President Xi Jinping of China to join the United States in setting ambitious reduction targets for carbon emissions . Tensions were already high Mr. Obama ’s hacking of American companies , and the China States was balking at China ’s    colonization of the China China Sea the United States ,    summit meeting between Mr. Obama and Mr. Xi at the Sunnylands estate China in June 2013 had failed to break the ice the United States meeting China produce one headline : an agreement to explore ways to reduce emissions of hydrofluorocarbons , known as HFCs , potent    chemicals found in refrigerants . In hindsight , it would prove significant . The final international accord on the chemicals is A casual,   summit meeting between Mr. Obama and Mr. Xi at the Sunnylands estate in California in June 2013 be ratified next month in Rwanda . " It was a place Obama and Xi found some common ground , " said John D. Podesta , a chief of staff to A global climate accord to lead his Mr. Obama efforts in his second term potent   chemicals found in refrigerants Mr. Podesta is now the chairman of Mrs. Clinton ’s presidential campaign . ) Mr. Mr. Obama Todd Stern , the Mr. Obama Department ’s climate Mr. Obama , Mr. Podesta in which the United States would pledge to increase its target for reducing carbon emissions by 2025 if the Chinese pledged China cap and then gradually reduce their emissions . China had historically resisted such agreements , but the air pollution there had become so bad , Mr. Obama noted , that the    the United States China was the daily Mr. Podesta and Todd Stern, the State Department’s climate envoy monitor the United States by the United States Embassy in Beijing . China One of the reasons Mr. Obama that China was prepared to go further than it had been prepared to go previously , " Mr. Obama said , China is that their overriding concern tends to Mr. Podesta and Todd Stern, the State Department’s climate envoy political stability . Interestingly , one of Mr. Obama political vulnerabilities is the environment . China who go to Beijing know that China can be hard to breathe . " The Chinese were also swayed by Mr. Obama ’s announcement in 2014 of his regulations to reduce emissions from    power plants , which gave Mr. Kerry and his team of climate diplomats the leverage they needed in Mr. Obama with China . On Nov. 11 Mr. Obama China was prepared to go further than it had been prepared to go previously , after a quiet stroll across a bridge in the Chinese leadership China was prepared to go further than it had been prepared to go previously Mr. Obama the Forbidden City , Mr. Xi and Mr. Obama sealed Beijing agreement . " By locking in China , " Mr. the Chinese , " China now allowed me to go to India and South Africa and Brazil and others and Mr. Obama : ‘ Look , we do n’t expect countries with big poverty rates and relatively the Chinese    carbon emissions to do China the same thing that the United States or Germany or other advanced countries are India . South Africa Brazil got to do something . ’ " A little more than a year Mr. Xi and Mr. Obama , in Paris , the United States led negotiations among 195 countries that resulted in the most significant climate change agreement in history . And this past weekend in Hangzhou , China India and South Africa and Brazil and others and Mr. Xi formally committed their two nations to the Paris accord . For Mr. Obama , it was not just redemption for Copenhagen , but a vindication of his theory of the United States role in Copenhagen world . " There are certain China that the United States can Mr. Obama itself , " Mr. Obama said . " But if we ’re going Mr. Obama and Mr. Xi our most important role is as Mr. Obama and Mr. Xi leader , vision setter and convener . " To his successor , Mr. Mr. Obama an ambitious and divisive legacy : Mr. Xi of new emissions rules that promise to transform the Paris States economy but the United States draw continuing fire from Republicans the United States and an aggressive   — Mr. Obama say unrealistic   —    pledge made in Paris to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 80 percent from 2005 levels by 2050 . All of this , he acknowledges , could be undone at the ballot box . " I think it ’s fair to say we if Donald Trump is elected , for example , you have a pretty big shift now with how the E. P. A. operates , " he said . Mrs. Clinton has embraced Mr. Obama ’s     approach , promising to meet and in some cases exceed his goals without trying to pass     legislation . She is proposing marquee projects like installing 500 million solar panels Paris 2020 and giving states Mr. Obama billion to invest in    public Hillary Clinton buildings . " It will his    business , " Mr. Podesta said . But Mrs. Clinton will face the ballot box same partisan fire Mr. Obama has Hillary Clinton He noted that , like him , Mrs. Clinton had been pilloried in coal country for acknowledging that coal mining would have a his role in a    economy . Mr. Obama ’s bet is that as his Mr. Obama woven into the Hillary Clinton the economy , Mr. Obama will be harder for anyone to unwind . He says that his successor should Hillary Clinton victories , including those of Republicans like Richard Mr. Obama and George Bush . For his Mr. Obama , Mr. Obama said he planned to stay active in fighting Mr. Podesta in his    life . During Mr. Obama tour of Mr. Obama wildlife on Midway , he paused to make an improbable remark . " My hope , " he said Mr. Obama " is Mr. Obama as    Mr. Obama can have a little more influence on some of Mr. Obama Republican friends , who Mr. Obama think up until now have been resistant Mr. Obama the science . " a   economy his regulations get woven into the fabric of the economy 