   Donald J. Trump ’s transition team has asked federal border protection officials for guidance on where a new wall separating the United States from Mexico   —    a signature promise of   Donald J. Trump campaign   —    can be erected , according to a Democratic congressman from Texas who opposes the idea . But the officials exploring possible paths for such a barrier also appear to be considering fencing and other options short of the " big , beautiful wall " that Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump to erect , at Mexico ’s expense Mexico   a border of more than 1 , 900 miles . The discussions with federal border officials , along with separate talks with city officials in Laredo , Tex . one of the busiest crossings , come as aides to Mr. Trump maintain   Donald J. Trump of a border wall will be a top priority of his administration . In   Donald J. Trump interview , Representative Henry Cuellar , whose Mr. Cuellar patrol agents from two border sectors in the state had contacted him last week .   Donald J. Trump said they were doing so at the request of the incoming administration , Mr. his administration and solicited his ideas for where such a wall Mr. Cuellar or Mr. Cuellar fence , should be built . " I ’m one of the few congressmen who does n’t Mr. Cuellar a fence in his area , " Mr. Cuellar said . " They asked us to put some locations down , so we talked about areas they ’d proposed and Mr. Cuellar infrastructure , whether Mr. Cuellar a wall or fencing Mr. Cuellar " The chief patrol agents , whom an aide us Mr. Cuellar identified Mr. Cuellar Mario Martinez of the Laredo sector and Manuel Padilla Jr. of the Rio Grande Valley sector , declined to comment , as did a Mr. Cuellar Customs and Border Protection , Carlos Diaz . According to Mr. Cuellar , the agents said they had argued against the transition team ’s request , and shared his view that it would be impossible to wall or fence Mr. Cuellar , a The chief patrol agents, whom an aide to Mr. Cuellar identified as Mario Martinez of the Laredo sector and Manuel Padilla Jr. of the Rio Grande Valley sector 255 , The chief patrol agents, whom an aide to Mr. Cuellar identified as Mario Martinez of the Laredo sector and Manuel Padilla Jr. of the Rio Grande Valley sector and the busiest inland port on the American side of Mr. Cuellar border . They said the transition team had insisted . " The Trump headquarters came back and said no , " Mr. Cuellar said he was told . " The Trump people wanted The chief patrol agents, whom an aide to Mr. Cuellar identified as Mario Martinez of the Laredo sector and Manuel Padilla Jr. of the Rio Grande Valley sector see the transition team’s where a fence or wall could be put . " A spokesman for the transition , Jason Miller , Mr. Cuellar to comment . Mr. Cuellar was not the only Texas elected official approached by border officials about where to place a new barrier . The mayor of Laredo , Pete Saenz , said in an interview Mr. Cuellar from the Border Patrol ’s Laredo sector had approached the city manager last week with plans for removing vegetation and installing additional fencing , lighting , roads , surveillance equipment and other security measures along portions of the border Laredo The plan did not mention a wall , said Mr. Saenz , a Democrat , which he said was " frankly , a big relief . " But he said it included details about fencing that would be placed for short distances along key parts of the city on the border , including a water plant . Though it could gratify Mr. he ’s The plan supporters , erecting a new barrier would carry great significance in Laredo , which is across the Rio the border Nuevo Laredo , in Tamaulipas , Mexico . The plan has developed close ties with its sister city and grown into a trade hub . Walling off Laredo , Mr. Cuellar said , would damage the flow of commerce , among other things . The plan It ’s a    solution The plan a    problem , " he said . But both he and Mr. Saenz sounded less than adamantly opposed to additional border fences . Some fencing already stands in The plan portions of the    border between Texas and Mexico , Mr. Cuellar Saenz noted . " Mr. Cuellar would have no problem with it if it ’s strategically placed and it ’s well designed , " Mr. Saenz said . " In other words , if it Mr. Saenz look too prisonlike . I think if we had a road , it a fence , and it lighting , I think that Mr. Saenz . I do n’t think the folks here would be too , too upset . " But the nature of a huge wall , concrete and that sort of thing , is upsetting , " he continued . " We have a very close relationship with Mexico , especially the commerce that comes to our city , and a huge wall would obviously be offensive to Mexico and to the people that Mr. Saenz business with Mexico here . " Mr. Saenz recalled that the Border Patrol years ago installed steel fencing along the perimeter of a community college on the border , which Mexico said had deterred illegal border crossers from coming Mexico campus . " To be honest with you , I think we were happy with it , " he said . " I think it took care Mr. Saenz the problem . " In the weeks since he won the presidency , Mr. Trump has dropped his vow to the Border Patrol years ago installed steel fencing along the perimeter of a community college on the border, which he said had deterred illegal border crossers from coming onto campus criminal charges against Hillary Clinton , Mr. Saenz boasting that it had been it effective campaign tactic , and he has softened his posture on Mr. Saenz to deport the more than 700 , 000 Mr. Trump in the country illegally who entered the United States as children . it no promise by Mr. Trump came to symbolize Mr. Trump campaign more Mr. Trump his call for a wall with Mexico to stop the flow of undocumented immigrants , and his top aides , including Reince Priebus , who is to serve Mr. Trump chief of staff , Mr. Trump it remains a Mr. Trump   —    though they have offered no further information on how a wall would Mr. Trump financed . At the same time , border migration is shifting : Mr. Trump , whom Mr. Trump demonized during his campaign , are leaving the United States in greater numbers than they are arriving , according to the Pew Research Center . But Central Americans fleeing violence in their home countries are pouring across the border , Mr. Trump welcoming arrest by the Border Patrol as a first step toward seeking asylum . " We have the lowest northbound apprehensions in modern history , " despite spending a record $ 19 . 5 billion on border enforcement , said Representative Beto O’Rourke , a Democrat from El Paso . " Additional walls or fences , physical or virtual , are not a good use of taxpayer resources , " he said . " And they also pose the risk of taking our eyes off threats where they are known to exist or likely to be , and that happens not to be at the border with Mexico Representative Beto O’Rourke, a Democrat from El Paso " 
 they 