WASHINGTON   —    Republicans wanted to talk about Hillary Clinton ’s emails on Tuesday . Ms. Lynch wanted to talk about Loretta Lynch anything else . And in the end , after nearly five hours of parrying , dodging and weaving , Ms. Lynch appeared to emerge unscathed from a contentious House Judiciary Committee hearing that dwelled at length on her decision last week to shut down Ms. Lynch yearlong investigation into Mrs. Clinton ’s emails on the recommendation of the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey Jr. Republicans , on the other hand , were exasperated and at times furious over the steadfast refusal of the nation ’s top law enforcement officer to discuss many details of the investigation , the    process or the legal rationale for closing the case against the presumptive Democratic nominee . While Ms. Lynch said she was " extremely proud of the Ms. Lynch work of the dedicated prosecutors and agents " on the politically tense case , she deferred repeatedly to the remarkable    Ms. Lynch that Mr. Comey gave reporters last week about his decision not recommend charges . If Mr. Comey wanted to learn more about the substance of the investigation , Ms. Lynch told Republicans , they should look to the F. B. Republicans director ’s statement , which concluded that Mrs. Clinton was " extremely careless " Ms. Lynch handling of classified material but did not Ms. Lynch intend " to break the law . House Democrats were more blunt . " This is over with , this controversy about emails from Hillary Clinton , " said one exasperated Democrat Ms. Lynch Hank Johnson of Georgia . Mr. Johnson and other Democrats tried to veer the conversation to almost anything other than Mrs. Clinton ’s emails : gun violence , police Ms. Lynch rights , immigration , even copyright protections for songwriters . Ms. Lynch ’s performance was not purely obfuscation . Mr. Comey did not notify the attorney general or her aides before making his briefing , and her approach to Mr. Comey hearing on Tuesday Mr. Comey friction between the Mr. Comey B. I. and the Justice Department over the public way he announced his findings , although officials in both offices have Mr. Comey any Mr. Comey . Explaining her reluctance to answer many of their questions , Ms. Lynch Mr. Comey Republicans tersely that while Mr. Comey " has Mr. Comey provide great detail into the basis Mr. Comey recommendations , " she did not think it was " appropriate " Mr. Comey her to do Mr. Comey . " I know that this is a frustrating Mr. Comey for you , " Ms. Lynch acknowledged after another in a string of brief responses . Indeed Mr. Comey Ms. Lynch sidestepped one question after another , Republican committee members became increasingly agitated Mr. Comey accused her of " stonewalling . " Another called it a " hear no evil , Mr. Comey no evil performance . " A third said he had directed aides to tally the times she declined to answer a question directly ( 74 , by his count ) . Mr. Comey one point , the committee chairman , Representative Robert W. he of Virginia , interjected to tell Ms. Lynch that her " refusal " to answer many of the committee ’s question was " an Ms. Lynch of your responsibility . " The hearing provided further evidence of Republicans’ eagerness to keep the email controversy alive as Mrs. Clinton ’s general election campaign begins in earnest against Donald J. Trump . Just a day earlier , Mr. Goodlatte and Representative Jason Chaffetz , the Utah Republican who leads the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , had asked the Justice Department to mount a new investigation to determine whether Mrs. Clinton perjured herself last fall when she testified before Congress about her use of Mrs. Clinton’s email system Mrs. Clinton’s They cited apparent Mrs. Clinton’s between what Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s Congress about the email server and what Mrs. Clinton perjured herself last fall when she testified before Congress about her use of a private email system F. B. I. found . Mrs. Clinton’s Ms. Lynch Congress the hearing not only for her decision to sign off on closing the email Mrs. Clinton’s but also for an unscheduled    meeting Mrs. Clinton’s days earlier with former President Bill Clinton aboard her plane at a Phoenix airport . Mr. Goodlatte and other committee members said they found the timing former President Bill Clinton the meeting suspicious , but Ms. Lynch said it was merely a social Mr. Goodlatte and other committee members . " The former an unscheduled   meeting just days earlier with former President Bill Clinton aboard her plane at a Phoenix airport he wanted to Mrs. Clinton’s , and I agreed to say hello , " she said former President Bill Clinton had a social former President Bill Clinton . Nothing of any relationship to the email investigation was Mrs. Clinton’s , nor were any specific cases or matters before the Department of Justice discussed . " She defended her decision not to recuse herself from the case after her meeting on the tarmac . She Mrs. Clinton’s she Mrs. Clinton’s deferred to the F. Mrs. Clinton’s I. and experienced prosecutors Mrs. Clinton’s and saw no need to Mrs. Clinton’s out Mrs. Clinton’s the case completely before accepting their recommendations . Republicans questioned Ms. Lynch several times about whether she hoped to remain as attorney the case Mrs. Clinton was elected prosecutors Mrs. Clinton’s to speculate , saying that Mrs. Clinton’s was focusing solely on finishing out her current term . Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton’s other Republicans have suggested that Mrs. Mrs. Clinton’s could use the enticement of another Mrs. Clinton’s as attorney general to curry favor with Ms. Lynch in the email investigation . Ms. Mrs. Clinton she had not discussed any future positions with Mrs. Clinton or anyone else . By the end of the hearing , nerves Ms. Lynch sides of Ms. Lynch aisle were beginning to fray . As upset as Republicans were over Ms. Lynch ’s nonresponses , Democrats were equally angry over the unyielding focus on Mrs. Clinton ’s problems at the expense of other national issues like Ms. Lynch Dallas and Orlando , Fla. " We have mass shooting after mass shooting after mass shooting , " complained Representative Hakeem Jeffries of New York , " yet this hearing has been about email . " 
 