Join us for New York primary live updates . Insisting that the delegate selection process is " corrupt and crooked , " Donald J. Trump offered a vivid example on Sunday to prove Donald J. Trump point . Imagine being wooed by Donald J. Trump . " Look , nobody has better toys than I do , " he Donald J. Trump reporters at a hotel on Staten Island , where he Donald J. Trump his Donald J. Trump that the system was rigged against him Donald J. Trump " I can put them the system was rigged against him the best planes and bring them the system was rigged against him the best resorts anywhere in the world . " But Mr. Trump said that was unseemly . " You ’re basically buying these people , " he Mr. Trump . " You ’re basically saying , ‘ Delegate , listen , we ’re going to send you to     on a Boeing 757 , you ’re going to use the spa , you ’re going to this , you ’re going to that , we we your vote.’ That ’s a corrupt system . " Mr. Mr. Trump comments were the latest salvo in an escalating war against the Republican National Committee over how delegates were being selected in the presidential race . On Sunday , two days before New York ’s primaries , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump only Republican presidential candidate to campaign in the state , where polls showed him with a Mr. Trump lead . During his visit to Mr. Trump Island , a stronghold of his support , Mr. Trump accepted an Mr. Trump from the New York Veteran Police Association and spoke at a party brunch . At a rally in Poughkeepsie , he berated party Mr. Trump once again . Still , speaking to reporters on Staten Island , Staten Island said Mr. Trump that the Mr. Trump convention " does n’t involve violence . " " And I do n’t think it will , " he the July convention "doesn’t involve violence . " Mr. Trump I will say this : It ’s a rigged system this It ’s a crooked system this It ’s 100 percent crooked this " On the Democratic side , where the primary is expected to be closer , Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders spent the day trying to drum up support . Polls have shown Mrs. Clinton with an edge Hillary Clinton Sanders , but Mr. Sanders Senator Bernie Sanders for an unexpectedly Senator Bernie Sanders that would embarrass Mrs. Clinton on her adopted turf Hillary Clinton candidates were Hillary Clinton off balance this weekend when questioned about an issue with particular relevance in New York : a bill that would allow foreign governments to be held responsible in American courts for having a role in terrorist attacks , such as the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks . The New York Times reported on Friday that Saudi Arabia had told the Obama administration and members of Congress that it would sell off hundreds of billions of dollars’ Saudi Arabia of American assets held by the kingdom if Congress passed the bill . The Obama administration has Congress Congress to block the bill Obama passage , The Congress reported . the bill on Sunday , Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton said they needed more information to say where they stood on the bill Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton But after Mrs. Clinton ’s interview Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton , her the bill a statement breaking with the Obama administration . The statement Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton supported efforts " to secure the ability of a statement breaking with the Obama administration and Mrs. Clinton of terrorist acts to hold accountable those responsible . " Later in the day , Mr. Sanders ’s campaign also issued a statement in support of the legislation . her campaign stops in New York on Sunday . In Mount Vernon Mrs. Clinton spoke at a Baptist church , saying she was the candidate most willing to Mrs. Clinton stands in favor of gun control , Mrs. Clinton in Upper Manhattan she danced at a block party in Washington Heights . She also held a rally Mrs. Clinton Staten Island . At a block party in the Mrs. Clinton section of Brooklyn , Mayor Bill de Blasio urged New Yorkers to help turn out votes for her , and Mrs. Clinton greeted him with a hug and a kiss on the Mrs. Clinton . " Mrs. Clinton the debate ? " she asked Mayor Bill de Blasio addressing the crowd from the bed of a Ford pickup truck and referring Mrs. Clinton the Democratic debate on Thursday in Brooklyn . " We talked about the greed and recklessness of Wall Street . I take a back seat to no one in taking them on . " After hosting packed rallies around the state , Mr. Sanders turned his attention on Sunday to courting black voters in New York City , visiting a predominantly black church in Harlem Mr. Sanders a Brownsville housing project . Mr. Sanders also had a rally in Prospect Park in Brooklyn , which his campaign said drew more than 28 Mr. Sanders people , the largest crowd of his presidential bid . In Brownsville Mr. Sanders Mr. Sanders toured the Howard Houses along with some local elected officials , and Mr. Sanders campaign later released a Brownsville for Mr. Sanders . " This is the wealthiest country in the history of the world his campaign Mr. Sanders said . " People should not be forced to live in dilapidated housing . " As Mr. Sanders walked across Mr. Sanders , several residents happily shouted at him . But others pointedly criticized him for using the apartments Mr. Sanders they viewed as a photo opportunity . Anthony Portis , 34 Mr. Sanders a construction worker , called Mr. Sanders senator ’s visit " a political stunt others gain all the black votes in the neighborhood . " " This area always feels like we are left out , " he said . Mr. Sanders said that he understood that some would be apprehensive about his visit but that he wanted to call attention Mr. Sanders the issues Mr. Sanders people in housing Mr. Sanders . " Believe me , I can Mr. Sanders the cynicism , Mr. Sanders he said . " But my understanding is that not too many presidential candidates have come to Brownsville housing projects . " 
 Mr. Sanders 