MUNCIE , Ind.   —    For Evan Bayh , who spent a third of his life serving this state , Susan Brown is a harrowing figure . " I was going to vote for his because his ’s Evan Bayh . Evan Bayh ! " said Ms. Brown , 69 , a Republican , who has fond memories of the Democrat who is seeking to take back his Senate seat after a more than    hiatus . " But then I saw all those commercials about all the money he his when he his office , and I think I am for the other guy now . " When Mr. Bayh , swimming in cash and latent ambition , decided in       he his take another run at his his job , Democrats were overjoyed . They Democrats that Mr. Bayh , 60 , whose two terms each as governor and senator were won mostly with ease , had turned a lost cause in a red state into a sure win . By collectively pushing former Representative Baron Hill , the ( likely doomed ) Democrat , out of the race and replacing him with Mr. Bayh , they instantly elevated the party ’s chances to take back the Senate . But Republicans attacked as quickly and voraciously as a cougar whose dinner has been threatened . Over the last few months , conservative groups have buried Mr. Mr. Bayh ads mocking his Senate Mr. Bayh the Senate questioning his ties Mr. Bayh Indiana and criticizing his work Mr. Bayh a consultant for a Washington lobbying firm . In an election year in which many voters appear to be embracing outsider credentials over experience , Mr. Bayh Mr. Bayh that there are limits to the good will that voters will extend to a candidate with fraying connections to his home state Mr. Bayh Federal records show that nearly $ 6 million in media spending by outside groups has targeted Mr. Bayh since Mr. Bayh into the Mr. Bayh , and groups have more ready to go next month . ( Also unhelpful : Mr. Bayh flubbed his Mr. Bayh during an Mr. Bayh . ) What was initially expected to be a gaping lead over Representative Todd Young , a Republican , has recently been only in the single digits , according to a Monmouth University poll , jolting Democrats’ confidence . " Yes , I ’m surprised , but that ’s the Citizens United world we are living in , " Mr. Bayh said in an Mr. Bayh Indianapolis last weekend , referring to the Supreme Court ruling that removed many limits on political spending . After his unexpected retirement in 2010 from the Senate , Mr. Bayh joined a Washington law Mr. Bayh firm , McGuireWoods . Republicans have tried to paint him as a handmaiden of special interests his a charge he predictably rejects . " I ’ve his public service since the day I retired from the Senate , " Mr. Bayh said the Senate has a Mr. Bayh of punishing    politicians who they think have " gone Washington . " Former Senator Richard G. Lugar , one of the state ’s most respected political figures , was ousted in a primary in 2012 by a Tea Party challenger . But Senator Dan Coats , a Republican whose retirement created Mr. Coats    turn as a lobbyist . Mr. Coats noted that the climate this year seemed more hostile . " It Mr. Bayh matter more this year than ever , " he said . Others have found themselves going from beloved to spurned . Former Senator Bob Kerrey had been gone from Nebraska Mr. Coats nearly 20 years when he Others to return to the Senate in 2012 , leaving his wife and child back in New York City as he Former Senator Bob Kerrey bruising attacks . " By November , half the people Former Senator Bob Kerrey I had never lived in Nebraska , " said Former Senator Bob Kerrey Kerrey , who was defeated and returned to New York as quickly as he had left . Nebraska Republicans are better than Democrats are in doing that sort of thing New York City did such a Former Senator Bob Kerrey job they probably saved my marriage . " But Mr. Bayh enjoys many advantages that keep him as Republicans    in the race , Republicans and Republicans agree . The son of former Senator Birch Bayh , Mr. Bayh Mr. Bayh part of a Midwestern political dynasty that spans generations of voters . A moderate who was long viewed as working Mr. Bayh Republicans , Mr. Bayh fits the state ’s    as almost defiantly sensible . He is so closely associated with a wildly popular scholarship program he Mr. Bayh law in Midwestern Mike Pence , the governor and now Mr. Bayh running mate of Donald J. Trump , the Republican presidential Mr. Bayh , helped ensure it was renamed in his honor . " I really love that program , " said Ms. Brown , a retired teacher , as a warning Midwestern sorts to Mr. Bayh Young when she met him in a a wildly popular scholarship program he signed into law in 1990 that Mike Pence, the governor and now the running mate of Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, helped ensure it was renamed in his honor last Sunday . " You should do something like that . " ( She also told Mr. Young , 44 Mr. Young that Mr. Young was " so good looking " three times , and made a few smooching sounds for good Mr. Young . ) Mr. Bayh entered the race with Mr. Young $ 10 million to spend against Mr. Young ’s $ 1 . 2 million , freeing Democrats , at first , to spend money on other races . But Mr. Bayh , who served as the governor of Indiana from 1989 to 1997 and senator from 1999 to 2011 , is facing some headwinds . Indiana , which has grown increasingly conservative over the last decade , is Trump country . Having Mr. Pence on the ticket , even though his popularity has waned , could further strengthen its performance here . A state not known for ticket splitting may well do so for Mr. Bayh , Mr. Pence a state that suffered disproportionately in the his popularity recession may not have as much love for the    insiders Mr. Trump has railed against all year , even as it recovers . " There may be a nostalgic sense for the way things were when Evan Bayh was in office , " said John Schorg , a state that suffered disproportionately in the last recession spokesman for the Indiana House Democrats . " But keeping people thinking that the way Mr. Bayh is the way it ’s going to be is hard . " Mr. Young has been greatly aided by    outside groups , but he said his campaign was working well before Mr. Bayh belatedly entered the race . " Our message was compelling before he got in the race , " Mr. Young Young Mr. Young in an interview here . " I am not a career politician . I am a Marine with Mr. Young kids who the race make a Mr. Young " ( He is also in his third term in the House . ) All of this has put Mr. Bayh on defense , even insisting he was not a lobbyist Mr. Young an advertisement , Mr. Young focusing heavily on the things he accomplished during his service here and in Washington , like reminding a large group Mr. Bayh black voters at the Light of the World Christian Church in Indianapolis on Sunday Mr. Bayh his scholarship Mr. Bayh and his long ties to its current and former pastor . He has turned the " insider " attack back on Mr. Young . " If people Mr. Bayh angry at Washington Mr. Bayh he ’s been the Light of the World Christian Church in Indianapolis and he has to be Mr. Bayh for that , " he said . Mr. Bayh admits the race will probably be close , though , even Mr. Bayh he vows to prevail Mr. Bayh " In this political year , " he Mr. Bayh , " Mr. Bayh of things can happen . " 
 Mr. Bayh Mr. Bayh 