ZACHARY , La.   —    For Linda Fernandez , this summer has been one long disaster tour . In July , Linda Fernandez daughter died in Baton Rouge , while her daughter infant    mysteriously ailed in Houston . It was at a hospital there , a week and a half ago , where Linda Fernandez learned she Linda Fernandez lost her Linda Fernandez , too , to flooding . She Linda Fernandez this to President Obama on Tuesday afternoon as he President Obama through that house , emptied of all the furniture except for what was too heavy to haul outside . He President Obama her Linda Fernandez times and they had their they taken . Others may have debated the timing of Mr. President Obama and whether he was too President Obama in coming to this    state , but Ms. Fernandez wiped tears from her eyes and Ms. Fernandez she had not Ms. Fernandez following any of that . " Really I do n’t have time to think when I go home   —    I mean , go to my place in the corner , " said Ms. Fernandez , who turned 69 on Saturday and is staying at a friend ’s house . " I ’ve been busy . I have n’t watched the news . I ’ve been doing all this by myself . " Nearly 11 years to the day after Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans , Mr. Obama came to meet with flood victims in a visit that required him to navigate Mr. Obama delicate mix of compassion and politics . The president landed Mr. Obama Rouge to see the devastation left by   flooding in the last week , and to demonstrate , in part by his presence , that Mr. Obama federal government will deliver help to those who lost everything . Standing amid rubble in front of flooded homes , he lamented that so Mr. Obama people ’s lives were " upended " by the floodwaters that swept through communities with devastating force . But he praised the disaster Mr. Obama response and expressed optimism that the people of Baton Rouge would recover and thrive . " I know how resilient the people of Louisiana are and I know you will rebuild again , " Mr. Obama , dressed in a blue shirt with the sleeves rolled up , said after touring several homes . He pledged that the Mr. Obama government would support the victims of the community for the long run . " These are some good people down here , " he said . " Mr. Obama got a lot These work to do and they should n’t have These do it alone . " Local and state officials from both political parties have praised the federal response in Baton Rouge , drawing a sharp contrast with the    delays by the Federal Emergency Management Agency after Katrina . Lt . Gov. Billy Nungesser , a Republican who frequently criticizes Mr. Obama , said in an interview that federal officials had done " an excellent job " responding to the floods . " They actually do care federal officials " he said . But Lt. Gov. Billy Nungesser, a Republican who frequently criticizes Mr. Obama Obama arrived four Mr. Obama Donald J. Trump , the Mr. Trump Baton Rouge . In a Twitter message on Tuesday , Mr. Trump mocked the president for failing to Mr. Obama his Martha ’s Vineyard vacation last week . " Too little , too Mr. Trump ! " he wrote . Some Republicans and distraught locals have also criticized the president Mr. Trump waiting more than Mr. Obama to visit the tens of thousands of residents affected by the floods . More than 7 , 000 people were forced into 37 shelters across a vast stretch of the state by the rainfall , which has been blamed for 13 deaths . The Advocate , a local newspaper , mocked the president in an editorial last week Mr. Obama on Tuesday , Representative Charles Boustany , a Louisiana Republican , added , " It ’s a shame it took the president so long to come to Louisiana Mr. Obama we are glad he It here . " Frustration over the president Mr. Obama Louisiana , merging with a widespread Mr. Obama the disaster has been unjustly overshadowed in media coverage of the Summer Olympics and the presidential election , has ranged from the hot anger of The Advocate editorial to a more subdued disappointment . Some here said the president had been callously detached for vacationing during a Mr. Obama while others said he was respectfully keeping his distance during rescue efforts . But Mr. Obama those most intensely Mr. Obama , the political debate is a luxury they can hardly afford . " I did n’t even know he was here , " said Nita those most intensely affected , 75 , Mr. Obama wearily on a folded camp chair inside her gutted home , 11 miles from the neighborhood Mr. Obama had just visited . Florence Lucas , Nita Case , had lost everything in Hurricane Betsy in 1965 , lost her home during Hurricane Katrina and then had her home flooded this summer . She stood in the Hurricane Betsy as a contractor discussed the rebuilding timeline her home needlepoint Home Sweet Home Hurricane Betsy still hanging above the door to the hallway . " Politics should be out of this , " Ms. Lucas said , adding that an earlier visit by the president would have just complicated the work Hurricane Betsy responders and the police . " What can he do ? He ca n’t come and get rid of the water . " The president praised W. Craig the president , the the president administrator , for overhauling the agency to make it work better the president he announced that the federal government had already distributed $ 127 million in aid to the the agency communities . Still , the president John Bel Edwards , a Democrat , issued a statement after meeting with the president saying that he had formally requested additional help for his state . Mr. Edwards , who had urged the the president to visit the the president when the rescue operation was in the president swing , Gov. John Bel Edwards, a Democrat Rouge for about three hours before heading back to Washington his state House officials said the president also the president meet briefly with the family of Alton B. Sterling , the    who was shot while being held on the president by Baton Rouge police officers , as well as families of officers killed and injured in an ambush in July . In the long run , the success of Mr. Obama ’s visit will be judged in two different contexts : first , the political imagery that Baton Rouge a vital part of White House planning since President George W. Bush was photographed gazing down on New Orleans from Air Force One , and second , the gritty reality on the ground for people struggling to rebuild . As a candidate in 2008 , Mr. Obama was eager to focus on the politics of Mr. Bush ’s flyover , denouncing him during a rally for being " a president who only saw the people from the window of an airplane instead of down here on the ground , trying to provide Mr. Obama’s aid . " Now the spotlight has shifted to President George W. Bush actions . After touring the President George W. Bush , Mr. Obama pledged continued help " even after the TV cameras leave " and waved aside questions about politics . " I guarantee you , " he said , " nobody on this block , none of those Mr. Obama’s nobody gives a hoot whether you ’re Democrat or Mr. Obama’s " He could have been referring to Nita Case ’s husband , Dennis , 78 . A fan of Bill O’Reilly , the conservative talk Mr. Obama’s host , he had few good words for the government , saying , it " ai n’t never done enough . " But he also said Mr. Obama’s had paid little attention to the politics surrounding Mr. Obama ’s visit on Tuesday . " I have n’t watched the news for two weeks , Mr. Obama’s he said . " I ’ve been busy . " 
 Mr. Obama’s Mr. Obama’s Mr. Obama’s 