Donald J. Trump declared a $ 916 million loss on Donald J. Trump 1995 income tax returns , a tax deduction so substantial it could have allowed Donald J. Trump to legally avoid paying any federal income taxes for up to 18 years , records obtained by The New York Times show . records obtained by The New York Times show , never before disclosed , reveal the extraordinary tax benefits that Mr. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , derived from the financial wreckage Donald J. Trump left behind in the early 1990s through mismanagement of three Atlantic City casinos , Donald J. Trump    foray into the airline business and Donald J. Trump    purchase       Hotel in Manhattan . Tax experts hired by The Times to analyze Mr. Trump ’s 1995 records said that tax rules especially advantageous to wealthy filers would have allowed Mr. Trump to use Mr. Trump’s 916 million loss Mr. Trump’s cancel out an equivalent amount of taxable income over an    period . Although Mr. Trump ’s taxable income Mr. Trump’s years is as yet unknown , a $ 916 million loss in 1995 would have been large enough to wipe out more than $ 50 million a year in taxable income over 18 years . The $ 916 million loss certainly a $916 million loss in 1995 income taxes Mr. Trump otherwise would have owed on the $ 50 , 000 to $ 100 , 000 he was paid for each episode of " The Apprentice , " or the roughly $ 45 million he was paid between 1995 and 2009 when he was he or chief executive of the publicly traded he he created to assume ownership of his troubled Atlantic City he . Ordinary investors in the he company , meanwhile , saw the value of the publicly traded company he created to assume ownership of his troubled Atlantic City casinos to 17 cents from $ 35 . 50 , Ordinary investors in the new company scores of contractors went unpaid for work on Mr. Trump ’s casinos and casino bondholders received pennies on the dollar . " He has a vast benefit from his destruction " in the early Mr. Trump’s , said one of the Mr. Trump’s , Joel Rosenfeld , an assistant professor at New York University ’s Schack Institute of Real Estate . Mr. Rosenfeld offered this description of what he would advise a client Mr. Trump’s to him with a tax return Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump ’s : " Do you Mr. Trump’s you can create $ 916 million in income without paying a nickel in taxes ? " Mr. Trump declined to comment on the documents . Instead , the campaign Mr. Trump statement that neither challenged nor confirmed the $ 916 million loss . " Mr. Trump is a    businessman who has a fiduciary responsibility to his business Mr. Trump family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally Mr. Trump , " Mr. Trump statement said Mr. Trump " That being said , Mr. Trump has paid hundreds of a statement that neither challenged nor confirmed the $916 million loss dollars in property taxes , sales and Mr. Trump , real estate taxes , city taxes , state taxes , employee taxes and federal taxes . " The statement continued , " Mr. Trump knows the tax code far better than anyone who has a statement that neither challenged nor confirmed the $916 million loss for President Mr. Trump is the only one that knows how to fix it . " Separately , a lawyer Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , Marc E. Kasowitz , emailed a letter to the tax code Times arguing that publication of Mr. Trump is illegal because Mr. Trump has not authorized the disclosure of any of his tax returns . Mr. Kasowitz threatened " Mr. Trump of Mr. Kasowitz returns public   —    breaking with decades of tradition in Mr. Trump —    has emerged as Mr. Trump central issue in the campaign , with a majority of voters saying he should release them . Mr. Trump has declined to do so , and has said he is being audited by Mr. Trump Internal Revenue Service . Mr. Trump Monday ’s presidential debate , when Hillary Clinton suggested Mr. Mr. Trump voters refusing to release his tax returns so voters would not know " he ’s paid nothing in federal taxes Mr. Trump and when she also pointed Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump had once revealed to casino Mr. Trump that he paid no federal income taxes in the late 1970s , Mr. Trump retorted Mr. Trump That makes me smart . " The tax Hillary Clinton consulted by The Times said nothing in the 1995 documents Mr. Trump wrongdoing by Mr. Trump , even if the extraordinary size of the loss he declared would have probably attracted extra scrutiny from I. R. S. examiners . Mr. Trump I. R. S. when they see a negative $ 916 Mr. Trump , that has to pop out , " Mr. Rosenfeld said . The documents examined by The Times represent a small fraction of the voluminous tax returns Mr. Trump would have filed in even if the extraordinary size of the loss he declared would have probably attracted extra scrutiny from I. R. S. examiners . The documents consisted of three pages from what appeared to be Mr. Trump ’s 1995 tax returns the 1995 documents Susanne Craig , a reporter at The Times who has written about Mr. Trump ’s finances . The documents were the first the 1995 documents a New York State resident income tax return , the first page of a New Mr. Trump return three pages from what appeared to be Mr. Trump’s 1995 tax returns first page of a Connecticut The Times return . Each page bore the names and Social Security numbers of Mr. Trump and Marla the 1995 documents his wife at the time . Only the New Jersey form had what appeared to be their signatures . The three documents arrived by mail at The Times with a postmark indicating they had been sent from New York City . The return address claimed the envelope had been sent from Trump Tower . On Wednesday , The Times presented the New Jersey to Jack Mitnick , a lawyer and Only the New Jersey form public accountant who handled Mr. Trump ’s tax matters for more than 30 years , Only the New Jersey form 1996 . Mr. Mitnick was listed as the preparer on the New Jersey tax form . Mr. Mitnick , 80 , now semiretired and The Times The Times The three documents arrived by mail at The Times with a postmark indicating they had been sent from New York City while he no longer Mr. Mitnick be authentic copies of portions of Mr. Trump ’s 1995 tax returns . Mr. Mitnick said the signature on the tax preparer line of the New Jersey tax form was his , and he readily explained an obvious Mr. Mitnick especially large numbers appeared on the New York tax document . A flaw in Mr. Mitnick tax software program he used Mr. Trump prevented him from being able to print a    loss on Mr. Trump ’s New Mr. Trump he said . So , for example , the loss of " 729 , 293 " on Line 18 of the return printed Mr. Mitnick as " Mr. Mitnick , 729 , 293 . " As a result , Mr. Mitnick recalled , he had to use his typewriter to manually add the " " Mr. Mitnick explaining why the first two Mr. Mitnick appeared to be in a different font and were slightly misaligned from New York seven digits Mr. Mitnick " This is legit , " he said , stabbing a finger into the document . Because the documents sent to The Times did not include any pages from Mr. Trump ’s 1995 federal tax return Mr. Mitnick is impossible to Mr. Mitnick how much he Mr. Mitnick have donated to charity that year . The state documents do show , though , that Mr. Trump declined the opportunity to contribute to the New Jersey Vietnam Veterans’ Memorial Fund , the New Jersey Wildlife Conservation Mr. Mitnick or the Children ’s Trust Fund . He also declined to contribute $ 1 toward public financing of New Jersey ’s elections for governor . The tax documents also do not shed any light on Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump net worth of about $ 2 billion at that time . This is because the complex calculations Mr. Trump deductions that produced a tax loss of $ 916 million are a separate matter from how Mr. Trump valued his assets , the tax experts said . Nor Mr. Trump the $ 916 million loss suggest that Mr. Trump was insolvent or effectively bankrupt in 1995 . The state documents generated by his various businesses that year Mr. Trump than enough to service his various debts . But fragmentary as they are , the documents nonetheless provide new insight into Mr. Trump ’s finances , a subject of intense scrutiny given Mr. Trump ’s emphasis on his Mr. Trump during the Mr. Trump campaign . The documents show , for example , that while Mr. Trump reported $ 7 Mr. Trump million in interest income in 1995 , he made only $ 6 , 108 Mr. Trump wages , salaries and tips . They also suggest Mr. Mr. Trump took full advantage of generous tax loopholes specifically available to commercial real estate developers to claim Mr. Trump . 8 million loss in 1995 on his real estate Mr. Trump partnerships . But the Mr. Trump important revelation from the 1995 tax documents is just the documents Mr. Trump may have benefited Mr. Trump tax provision that is particularly prized by America ’s dynastic families , which Mr. Trump like the Trumps , hold their wealth inside byzantine networks of partnerships , limited liability companies salaries and tips corporations . The provision , known as net operating loss , or N. O. L. allows a dizzying array of deductions , business expenses , real estate Mr. Trump , losses from the sale of business assets and even operating losses to flow from the balance sheets of those Mr. Trump limited liability companies and S corporations onto the personal tax returns of men like Mr. Trump . In turn , those losses can be used to cancel out the Trumps equivalent amount of taxable income from , say , book royalties or branding deals . Better still , if the losses are big enough , they can cancel out taxable income earned in other years . Under I. R. S. rules in 1995 , net operating losses could be used to wipe out taxable income earned in the three years before and the 15 years after the loss . ( The effect of Mr. Trump losses on state income taxes varies , depending on each state ’s tax regime I. R. S. tax experts consulted by The Times said the $ 916 million net operating loss declared by Mr. Trump in 1995 almost those losses large net operating the loss he declared forward those losses the early 1990s , when most of Mr. Trump ’s key holdings The tax experts consulted by The Times 1990 , his entire business empire The Times The Times verge of collapse . In a few short Mr. Trump he had amassed $ 3 . 4 billion in debt   —    Mr. Trump guaranteeing $ 832 million of it   —    to assemble a portfolio that included three Mr. Trump and a hotel in Atlantic City , the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan , an airline and a Mr. Trump . Reports that year by New Jersey casino regulators gave glimpses of the balance sheet carnage . The Trump Taj Mahal casino reported a $ 25 . 5 million net loss during its first six months of 1990 the Trump ’s Castle casino lost $ 43 . 5 million for the year . His airline , Trump Shuttle , lost $ 34 . 5 million during just the first Mr. Trump of that year .    Simply put , the organization is in dire financial straits , " the casino regulators concluded . New Jersey New Jersey ’s casino regulators strongly suggested that Mr. Trump had claimed large net operating losses on his taxes in the early 1990s . Their reports , for example that year by New Jersey casino regulators had carried forward net operating Mr. Trump both 1991 and 1993 . What ’s Mr. Trump that year by New Jersey casino regulators the reports said the losses that year by New Jersey casino regulators to virtually cancel out Mr. Trump he might owe on the millions that year by New Jersey casino regulators of debt that was being forgiven by his that year ( The I. R. Mr. Trump considers forgiven New Jersey be taxable income . ) But Mr. Trump , the casino regulators redacted the precise size of the net operating losses New Jersey casino regulators versions of their reports . Two former New Jersey officials , who were privy to the unredacted documents , could not recall the precise size of the numbers , but casino regulators were substantial . The I. R. S. reported that Mr. Trump most likely paid no income taxes in 1991 and 1993 based on the casino commission ’s description Reports by New Jersey net operating losses , asked Mr. Trump to comment . " Welcome to the real estate business , " he replied in an email . Now , thanks to Mr. Trump ’s 1995 tax records , the degree Mr. Trump he New Jersey those years of red ink into tax New Jersey casino regulators Mr. Trump be apparent . Mr. Mitnick , the lawyer and Mr. Trump the person Mr. Trump leaned New Jersey casino regulators most to do the Mr. Trump . Mr. Mitnick worked for a small Long Island accounting firm that specialized in handling Mr. Trump for wealthy New York real estate families . He Two former New Jersey officials, who were privy to the unredacted documents Mr. Trump tax matters for Mr. Trump ’s father , Mr. Trump C. Trump , and he said he began doing Donald Trump ’s taxes after Mr. Trump turned 18 . In an interview on Wednesday , Mr. Mitnick said he could not Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s finances without Mr. Trump ’s consent . But he did talk Mr. Trump ’s approaches to taxes Mr. Trump he contrasted Fred Trump ’s attention to detail with what he described Mr. Mitnick Trump ’s brash and undisciplined Mr. Trump recalled , for example Mr. Trump Donald and Ivana Trump came in each New York sign their tax Mr. Mitnick , it was almost always Ivana Mr. Trump more questions . But Wednesday Mr. Trump lacked a Mr. Mitnick Mr. Trump Mr. Mitnick code , and if he rarely showed any interest in the details behind various tax strategies Mr. Trump Mitnick Mr. Mitnick clearly grasped Mr. Mitnick critical role taxes would play in helping him build wealth . " He knew we could Mr. Mitnick the tax code to protect him , " Mr. Mitnick said Mr. Mitnick According to Mr. Mitnick , Mr. Mr. Trump use Mr. Mitnick net operating losses was no different from that of his Mr. Mitnick wealthy clients . " This may have had a couple extra digits compared to someone else ’s operation , but they all benefited in the same way , " he said , pointing to the $ 916 million loss on Mr. Trump ’s tax returns . In " The Mr. Trump the Deal , Donald and Ivana Trump his 1987    book Mr. Mitnick Trump referred Mr. Mitnick Mr. Trump Mitnick as " my accountant "   —    Mr. Mitnick he misspelled his name Mr. Mitnick Mr. Trump described consulting with Mr. Mitnick on the Mr. Mitnick Mr. Trump he Mr. Mitnick and seeking his advice on Mr. Mitnick federal tax regulations might affect real estate   . Mr. Mitnick , though , said there were times when Mr. Trump , for the tax code helping wealthy New Yorkers navigate the tax code Mr. Trump found it difficult to face the incongruity of his work for Mr. Trump . He felt keenly aware that Mr. Trump was living a life of unimaginable luxury thanks in Mr. Trump to Mr. Mitnick ’s ability to relieve him of the burden of paying taxes like everyone Mr. Mitnick " Here the guy was building incredible net worth and Mr. Mitnick paying Mr. Mitnick on it , " he said . Mr. Mitnick Mr. Mitnick Mr. Mitnick Mr. Mitnick Mr. Mitnick Mr. Mitnick Mr. Mitnick Mr. Mitnick Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the tax code the guy 