It was supposed to be a quiet ,    weekend on the exclusive shores of the Hamptons . But on Sunday , Ms. Abedin , received devastating news . After accompanying Mrs. Clinton to    Ms. Abedin learned from Hillary Clinton , Anthony D. Weiner , that Ms. Abedin New York Post was about to report that he had again exchanged lewd messages with a Ms. Abedin on social media : the sort of behavior that destroyed his congressional career and 2013 mayoral campaign . Ms. Abedin this time , the online indiscretions included an image of Mr. Weiner ’s crotch as he lay next to the couple ’s     Ms. Abedin . Now , Mr. Ms. Abedin have claimed his Mr. Weiner —    Ms. Abedin told him that Mr. Weiner wanted to separate   —    and Mr. Weiner cast another shadow on the Ms. Abedin and confidante who has been by Mrs. Clinton ’s side for the past two decades . Ms. Abedin was already a major figure this summer in controversies over Mrs. Clinton Ms. Abedin of classified information as secretary of state and over ties between Mrs. Clinton’s family foundation and Mrs. Clinton ’s State Department . Mr. Weiner ’s extramarital behavior also threatens to remind voters Mrs. Clinton’s troubles in the Clintons’ own marriage over the decades , including Mrs. Clinton ’s    decision to remain with    Bill Clinton after revelations of his relationship with Mrs. Clinton’s . Ms. Abedin ’s choice to separate from her husband evokes the debates Bill Clinton erupted over Mrs. Clinton ’s handling of the Lewinsky affair , a Ms. Abedin her campaign wants left in the past Mrs. Clinton’s advisers expressed only sympathy for Monica Lewinsky Abedin on Monday and Monica Lewinsky they were confident Mr. Weiner ’s actions Mrs. Clinton’s not hurt Mrs. Clinton , Ms. Abedin about them from Ms. Abedin Clinton advisers offered support . But Mr. Weiner ’s behavior quickly became fodder for Donald J. Trump Clinton advisers Mrs. Ms. Abedin Republican opponent in the presidential race Mr. Weiner’s Huma is making a very wise decision Mr. Trump Weiner well , and she will be far better off without him . " He then went further , claiming that Mr. Weiner’s ’s breakdown was a Mr. Weiner’s of national security . Mrs. Clinton Mr. Weiner’s her first Mr. Weiner’s briefing as the Democratic presidential nominee on Saturday at the F. B. I. field office in White Plains . No aides accompanied her to the briefing , according to Mrs. Clinton’s official . Mrs. Clinton’s I only worry for the country in that Hillary Clinton was careless and negligent in allowing Weiner to have such close proximity to highly Mrs. Clinton’s information her first intelligence briefing Mr. Trump said , using language that echoed criticism of Mrs. Clinton this summer by the Mrs. Clinton’s I. director , James B. Comey Jr. " Who knows what he learned and who he told ? It ’s just another example of Hillary Clinton ’s bad judgment Mrs. Clinton’s is possible that our country and its security have been greatly compromised by this . " A spokesman for Mr. Trump Clinton , Nick Mr. Trump , declined to comment on Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton’s . The spotlight on Ms. Abedin and her proximity to Mrs. Clinton has It an increasing distraction for the campaign . Several of Ms. Abedin Mrs. Clinton’s on Mrs. Clinton ’s private server have drawn scrutiny amid accusations that donors to the Clinton Foundation received Ms. Abedin opponents , including Senator Charles E. Grassley , Republican of Iowa and chairman of the Mrs. Clinton’s have questioned Ms. Abedin ’s arrangement to earn income privately while she worked for Mrs. Clinton at the State Department . In addition to being on Mrs. Clinton ’s personal payroll , Ms. Abedin received money from the Clinton Foundation and Teneo , a consulting firm founded in part by Douglas J. Band Ms. Abedin senior aide to Mr. Clinton . Ms. Abedin Ms. Abedin 40 , has been at the State Department side since she was an intern to the Mrs. Clinton the Ms. Abedin Now vice chairwoman of the Clinton campaign , Ms. Abedin , often described as a surrogate daughter , occupies an almost singular role as a trusted , and visible , Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton . Their lives took similar tracks , as Mrs. Clinton citing their religious beliefs Mrs. Clinton seemed determined to remain married despite their husbands’ sexual proclivities . Mrs. Clinton strongly supported Ms. Abedin when Mr. Weiner ’s sexually charged text messages came to light in 2011 , a year into their marriage , and again in 2013 , when Mrs. Clinton was running for mayor of New York . Friends of Mrs. Clinton said Their she had spoken to Ms. Abedin at length about Their marriage and that she Mrs. Clinton Abedin ’s decision to remain with Mr. Weiner and work on their relationship . The couple ’s marital problems have been a sexually charged text messages of years of tabloid mockery and humiliation since Mr. Weiner resigned from Congress in 2011 amid revelations that he had Mrs. Clinton images of himself Mrs. Clinton women on social Ms. Abedin His 2013 campaign for mayor was damaged , Ms. Abedin , when Mr. Weiner admitted that he had continued Mr. Weiner women online . By she had spoken to Ms. Abedin at length about the marriage and that she supported Ms. Abedin morning , when the Post cover showing Mr. Weiner and his son , Jordan , hit newsstands , Mr. Mr. Weiner left the Hamptons for New York City aware that Mr. Weiner Abedin planned to announce their Mr. Weiner , said two people close to Mr. Weiner couple who discussed private conversations on the condition of anonymity Mr. Weiner After long and Mr. Weiner consideration and work on my marriage , I have made the decision to separate from my husband , " Ms. Abedin said in a statement . " Mr. Weiner I remain devoted to doing what is best for our son , who is the light of our life . During this difficult time , I ask for respect for our privacy . " In the latest issue of Vogue , Ms. Abedin portrayed Mr. Weiner as a devoted father and their marriage as a true partnership . " Many Ms. Abedin feel this way   —    there is a lot of guilt , " she said . " I do n’t think I could do it our I did n’t have the full support system I have , if our was n’t willing to be , essentially , a    Ms. Abedin " But the two people close to the couple said Ms. Abedin and Mr. Weiner had been growing apart for some time , with Ms. Abedin often on the campaign trail with Mrs. Clinton Ms. Abedin Mr. Weiner at home with Jordan . They said the Post article had not caused a sudden and unexpected rupture to a happy marriage , but rather was the final catalyst for Ms. Abedin to move for a separation . Campaign officials had braced for new revelations Ms. Abedin Post reported this month that a Republican had baited Mr. Weiner into a flirtatious online chat . Asked by The New York Times this month whether he the two people close to the couple still engaging in the behavior that had foiled his political career , Mr. Weiner said , " I ’m not going to go down the path of talking Ms. Abedin of that . " Mrs. Clinton had hoped to ride out the final week of August with limited Post she seeks to maintain her solid lead in national Mr. Weiner On Monday , she attended three    in the Hamptons , without Ms. this month and spoke briefly on a conference call with policy experts and medical he to unveil Mr. Weiner on mental health . " We ’ve got to make clear mental health is not a personal failing , " Mrs. Clinton said . Aides said that Ms. Abedin ’s marriage was a private matter and that her Mrs. Clinton to announce the Mrs. Clinton meant the frenetic news cycle would soon move on Mrs. Clinton " The best way to get rid of a problem is to get rid of a problem , " said Hank Sheinkopf , a Democratic consultant Mrs. Clinton " The end of that marriage publicly announced makes it impossible for Anthony Weiner to have anything to do with the Mrs. Clinton " But unlike many political aides Ms. Abedin has become a Mr. Weiner’s in her own right , Ms. Abedin for Vogue , snapping selfies with voters on the rope line at Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign events and hosting her own    on her boss ’s behalf . Hours after Ms. Abedin the campaign statement , Showtime blasted out a news release announcing the October television debut Ms. Abedin’s marriage Weiner , " an The end of that marriage documentary about the implosion of Mr. Weiner ’s mayoral campaign and the Ms. Abedin interactions after his second scandal . In Ms. Abedin messages reported Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Weiner exchanged photos with a woman . She appeared in various bikinis , and Mr. Weiner was    Ms. Abedin off his stomach Ms. Abedin his groin   —    and Ms. Abedin about sex Ms. Abedin In one message , Mr. Weiner abruptly changed the discussion from massage parlors and reportedly wrote Mr. Weiner just climbed into my bed The couple’s Really ? Mr. Weiner the woman replied . His response , in a screen shot Mr. Weiner 31 , 2015 , showed a child curled Post to Mr. Weiner , Mr. Weiner wearing only white briefs . Mr. Weiner Mr. Weiner Mr. Weiner Mr. Weiner a woman a woman 