In this new weekly feature , we will surface some of the more thoughtful and provocative concerns that come into we office . The public editor ’s column can only address so much and , though we ’ll reply to many of your comments , we unfortunately are n’t unable to reply personally to everything that lands in we inbox . By giving a weekly glimpse into we mailbag , we hope to give exposure to the fluctuating concerns of The Times ’s audience   —    and in doing so , help facilitate a better conversation between the Gray Lady and her readers . This week , as you probably would guess , our inbox is inundated with readers reacting to one of the more astonishing presidential election surprises in modern history . As the returns were coming in Tuesday night , readers became increasingly concerned over how The The Times’s have so incorrectly forecasted the outcome . The public editor ’s column addressed the issue on Wednesday , and the letters continue to stream in . Some complained of The Times The Times’s The Times’s bias and think its New York The Times’s is out of touch with much of America . Here are some of the letters : the letters Wednesday ’s public Wednesday generally echoed the sentiment . Pamela Colloff , executive editor of Texas Monthly had this to say , on Twitter : The Times ’s The Times’s , Marc Lacey , pointed out that The Times has national The Times’s live across the country . And earlier Friday , The Times ’s publisher , The Times’s The Times’s a note to the newsroom on the topic of covering the Trump White House . The Times will " approach the incoming The Times’s without bias , " he wrote . " We will cover his policies and The Times’s publisher, Arthur Sulzberger Jr. agenda fairly . the incoming Trump administration will bring The Times’s publisher, Arthur Sulzberger Jr. analysis and The Times’s publisher, Arthur Sulzberger Jr. commentary to the the incoming Trump administration we see in government , and to their ramifications on the incoming Trump administration ground . " He added : " We will look within and beyond The Times’s publisher, Arthur Sulzberger Jr. to explore the the incoming Trump administration of the anger that has roiled red and blue America . If many Americans no longer seem to understand each other , let ’s make it our job to interpret and explain . " Some readers blamed the Democrats for not stepping up . The following reader email came in before the votes were tallied , but we thought it was worth noting . It ’s about our coverage The following reader email the editorial pages : The following reader email public editor ’s take : Sexism , subtle and otherwise , is a recurring theme that , I can assure you , has my attention . I encourage any readers to write with concerns , or anything specific they notice on the topic . Another reader took issue concerns a headline on a piece that predicted how Trump would end up pulling off his shock win : " Donald Trump ’s Big Bet Trump Less Educated Whites . " The election was n’t the only subject on readers’ minds this week . A Times investigation into genetically modified foods sparked controversy , with much of the dissent landing in our inbox . The investigation ’s claim : " Genetic modification in the A Times investigation into genetically modified foods and Canada has not accelerated increases in crop yields or led to an overall reduction in the use of chemical pesticides . " Here are a couple of the reader responses : A commentator on Twitter shared Mr. Wanzek ’s concern . We shared these concerns with The Times ’s business editor , Dean Murphy . Here ’s his reply . On The Times carrying out such studies : On the complaint that The Times views farmers as less intelligent : The public editor The Times’s : Over all , I found the piece to be a thorough , educational read on a complex subject . But I thought readers had some interesting feedback . First , it ’s true that big news organizations like The Times often produce readers own studies and independent analysis . In The Times’s , given how big news organizations like The Times questions that were raised about the methodology , it ’s clear that the piece would have benefited from more explanation of how the data was the piece used . On the issue of the story ’s tone toward farmers , I did n’t see anything that struck me as intentionally talking down to farmers . But then , I ’m not a farmer , and I would have enjoyed hearing more from those who are . Another story this week that drew pointed reader replies was headlined , in print and on the home page : " Locker Room Talk Becomes the Talk of Harvard . " The public editor ’s column addressed the issue , which prompted readers who agreed with the headline choice to come to its defense . And finally , one Trump rally attendee wrote to apologize for how he treated the media . See you next week .   —    Updated one Trump rally attendee 2:30 pm , Tuesday , November 15 . 
 