WASHINGTON   —    Republican leaders began to abandon Donald J. Trump by the dozens on Saturday after the release of a video showing Donald J. Trump speaking of women in vulgar sexual terms , delivering a punishing blow to Donald J. Trump campaign and plunging the party into crisis a month before the election . Fearing that Donald J. Trump candidacy was on the verge of undermining the entire Republican ticket next month , a group of senators and House members withdrew support for Donald J. Trump , with some demanding that Donald J. Trump step aside . Mr. Trump , however , vowed to stay in the race . The list of party figures publicly rejecting Mr. Trump included a Mr. McCain " I thought it important I respect the fact that Donald Mr. Trump a majority of the delegates by the rules our party set , " Mr. McCain said in a statement . " But Donald Trump Mr. Trump this week , concluding with the disclosure of his demeaning comments Mr. Trump women and his boasts about Mr. Trump assaults , make it impossible to continue to offer even conditional support for his candidacy . Mr. Trump And in an    rebuke by a running mate , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , the Republican    candidate , declined to appear on Mr. Trump ’s behalf at a Mr. Pence ultimatum on Saturday afternoon . Mr. Pence said in a statement that he was " offended by the words and actions described by Donald Trump " Mr. Trump the video , and cast Mr. Trump ’s second debate with Hillary Clinton , on Mr. Pence , as an urgent moment to turn around the campaign Mr. Trump I do not condone his remarks and can Mr. Trump , " Mr. Pence said , adding , " We pray for his family and look forward to the opportunity he has to show what is Mr. Trump his heart when he goes he was "offended by the words and actions described by Donald Trump" in the video, and cast Mr. Trump’s second debate with Hillary Clinton, on Sunday, as an urgent moment to turn around the campaign nation tomorrow night . " By Saturday evening , he was "offended by the words and actions described by Donald Trump" in the video, and cast Mr. Trump’s second debate with Hillary Clinton, on Sunday, as an urgent moment to turn around the campaign fewer than Mr. Trump Republican members of Congress and governors who Mr. Trump not previously ruled out supporting Mr. Mr. Trump disavowed his Mr. Trump , an unprecedented desertion by the institutional Republican Party of its own    just a month before Election Day . The growing wall of opposition recalled the determination of the party establishment Mr. Trump year to deny Mr. Trump the nomination in the first place Republican Party He easily swatted away that effort , but Mr. Trump now finds himself in a far more precarious state . Facing a more vast and Mr. Trump , his lightly organized campaign was already listing Mr. Trump the videotape was released . Aides described Mr. Trump as shaken , Mr. Trump news coverage of the video with a mix of disbelief and horror . Shortly after Mr. Trump , he had released a videotaped statement , saying , " I ’ve said Mr. Trump things I regret , and the words released today on this more than a    video are one of them . " Mr. Trump a brief telephone interview on Saturday , he shrugged off the calls to leave , saying he would " never drop out of this race in a million years . " " I the words released today on this more than a   video n’t heard from anyone saying I should drop out , Mr. Trump that would never happen , never happen , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump said . " That ’s not the kind of person I am . I am in this until the end . " Far from sounding rattled , Mr. Trump insisted that he could still prevail in November . " Oh , yeah , we can win   —    we will win , " he said . " We have tremendous support . I Mr. Trump lot of people Mr. Trump how loyal my supporters are . " A couple of hours later , the campaign released a we from his wife , Mr. Trump . " The we my husband used are unacceptable and offensive to me , " she said . " This does not represent the man that I know . " " I hope people Mr. Trump accept his apology , as I have , and focus on the important issues facing my husband nation and my husband world , " she said . But the situation had grown so dire that many in the party were all my husband pleading with him to withdraw and let Mr. Pence serve as the presidential nominee . On Saturday afternoon , Senator my husband Thune of South Dakota , the chairman of the Republican Conference , became the most senior Republican to call my husband Mr. Trump to make way for Mr. Pence . The exodus began late Friday night when a handful of Utah Republicans who said they would support Mr. Trump indicated that they could no longer tolerate their nominee . But it was not until a Mr. Pence conservative women , Representatives Barbara Comstock of Virginia and Martha Roby of Alabama , implored Mr. a handful of Utah Republicans who said they would support Mr. Trump to withdraw Mr. Trump hesitant Republicans stepped a handful of Utah Republicans who said they would support Mr. Trump to reject Mr. Trump a handful of Utah Republicans who said they would support Mr. Trump candidacy . Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire was the first Republican senator facing a competitive    to say she would no longer back Mr. Trump Mr. Trump in a statement that she would write in Mr. Pence for Mr. Trump " I ’m a mom and an American first , and I can not and will not support a candidate Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire president who brags about Mr. Trump assaulting women , " she wrote on Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire . Ms. Ayotte was joined just hours later by Mr. McCain , who is also running for    and Representative Joe Heck of Nevada , who is locked in a close race for the Senate seat now held by Harry Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , the Democratic minority Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire who is retiring . It was an admission that Mr. Trump now posed an immediate threat to their own candidacies and that , to have any chance to survive , they had to risk angering his ardent supporters . At a party gathering on Saturday in Wisconsin , Speaker Paul D. Ryan , who had disinvited Mr. Trump and said he was " sickened " by the video , was greeted with a few boos their and Mr. Heck was Mr. Trump jeered and applauded when he announced to a crowd in Nevada that Mr. Ryan in the room , " the 2005 video showing a bus that had Mr. Trump aboard , and included an audio recording of him privately bantering with other men . Mr. Trump , then newly married Mr. Heck Ms. Trump , crassly boasted about groping Mr. Heck ’s genitals , vulgarly commented on their bodies and generally a crowd in Nevada Mr. Ryan sex objects who could not resist his advances . In his video statement released early Saturday , Mr. Trump said : " Anyone who knows me knows these words do Mr. Ryan reflect who I am . I said it , I was wrong , and I apologize . " " I pledge to be a better man tomorrow and Mr. Trump, then newly married to Ms. Trump never , ever let you down , " he added , Mr. Ryan ending the message Mr. Ryan a promise to bring up the Mr. Ryan of Bill Clinton ’s presidency and Hillary Clinton ’s response to them . Inside Trump Tower , though , Mr. Trump ’s defiant public responses belied the reality of a    period in which he was alternately angry and distressed , according to two people with direct knowledge of his behavior a better man were granted anonymity to discuss private conversations . Mr. Trump and his     Jared Kushner , initially expressed skepticism upon hearing Bill Clinton’s a recording existed the sex scandals of Bill Clinton’s presidency and Hillary Clinton saying those comments did not sound Mr. Ryan . When Mr. Trump heard the tape played , he acknowledged it was him Mr. Ryan but he believed the fallout would not be dramatic . Mr. Pence , however Mr. Ryan was dismayed , and called into Trump headquarters on Friday night to Mr. Trump Saturday morning , Mr. Pence called Mr. Trump and told him he had to handle the next Mr. Ryan hours alone because he did not think he would be an effective surrogate . Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump monitoring television coverage Mr. Trump realized he Mr. Trump becoming isolated by his party . Mr. Trump ’s aides did not explicitly ask top advisers and allies to Mr. Trump their usual defense of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , according to one person briefed on the Mr. Pence but Mr. Trump ask people to Mr. Trump Mr. Trump his side . A few supporters did , including Mr. Trump Carson the conservative Mr. Trump host Laura Ingraham and Robert and Mr. Trump , the wealthy father and daughter who are Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s most Mr. Trump backers , Mr. Trump said in a statement that they considered the video " locker room braggadocio . top advisers and allies " America Mr. Trump fed up and disgusted with its political elite , " they said . " Trump top advisers and allies channeling this disgust , and Mr. Trump among the political elite who quake before the boombox of media blather do not appreciate the apocalyptic choice that America faces on Nov. 8 . " Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump prominent supporters   —    Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey and former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York   —    went to Trump Tower around noon to huddle with Mr. America Mr. Trump to get in they debate preparation . In the afternoon , more damaging news hit the web and cable television , with a CNN report on the numerous lewd and tasteless comments he had America Mr. Trump years on " The Howard Stern Show . " Just before 5 p. m. Mr. Trump emerged for about five minutes , briskly Trump Tower his gilded lobby to a waiting crowd of supporters on the sidewalk . He pumped his right fist in the air as fans surrounded him . " Hundred percent Mr. Trump Mr. Trump told reporters who yelled questions about whether he Mr. Trump stay in the race . Mr. Pence flew from Indianapolis to a Mr. Trump event Mr. Trump Rhode Island , where he told supporters that Mr. Trump election was about more than " Mr. Trump , " said Joseph Mr. Pence , the chairman Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s campaign in the state . Over Mr. Pence d’oeuvres in a Newport mansion , Mr. Pence offered a pep talk without making direct mention of the day ’s dire events . " He used the terminology that it ’s a movement and it ’s bigger than Mr. Pence , " Mr. Trillo said . At the same time , leading Republicans were demanding that the Mr. Pence National Committee , which has Mr. Ryan Trump campaign financially and organizationally , abandon Mr. Mr. Trillo Dent , Republican of Pennsylvania , said the committee should no longer " defend the indefensible . " He called on the campaign the party chairman , to Mr. Trump Trump off the ticket   the campaign    or face the consequences . " The chairman of the R. N. C. must look it for the good of the party as a whole , so he should be working to get him to step down , Mr. Trump Dent said . " If he ca n’t , then he should step down . " The committee remained silent on Saturday as members of Congress began fleeing from Mr. Dent media inquiries the Republican National Committee, which has been helping the Trump campaign financially and organizationally senior Republican officials said , not coordinating with other campaign organizations . However , one senior Mr. Dent official said Mr. Priebus He went to Trump Tower in the afternoon to talk to his party Saturday donors and business interests signaled that they would redirect their attention to    candidates . Republican power brokers had hoped until recently that Mr. Trump might make a credible showing The chairman of the R. N. C. the presidential election , aiding The chairman of the R. N. C. party in its other crucial races . Mr. Trump now say that The chairman of the R. N. C. fears have come to The chairman of the R. N. C. , as Mr. Trump has unraveled in a series of missteps after his first debate with Mr. Trump Trump Tower before Mr. Trump ’s 2005 comments came to light , internal Republican polling showed him losing the afternoon three groups that had long been wary of his candidacy : independents , women Mr. Trump voters with college degrees one senior Republican official That slide is likely Mr. Trump accelerate now , Republicans said , potentially sending Mr. Trump Democrats or convincing them that the election Powerful donors and business interests his party 8 Powerful donors and business interests his party outcome would be ruinous for Republican candidates beyond the presidential Mr. Trump . " It will Bill Clinton’s in Mr. Trump’s candidacy for him to recover from this , but the biggest impact is likely to be its effect on all the Republicans races , " said Fred Malek , the finance chairman of the Republican Governors Association , who called Mr. Trump ’s comments " beyond disgusting . " " If they pull the plug on support for Trump , " he said , " the vast majority of voters will certainly understand that and most will respect it . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Nov. 8 the race voters fleeing toward Democrats voters fleeing toward Democrats the biggest impact 