INDIANAPOLIS   —    As the presidential race came to Indiana , candidates of both parties seized on a fresh example in this industrial state of factory jobs being shipped abroad . " Is anyone here from Carrier ? " Donald J. Trump called out in Evansville , Ind. last week , referring to the Carrier Corporation ’s closing of factories that make heating and    units . " They let go of 1 , 400 people to move to Mexico , " Donald J. Trump said . " And you know what ? They They to pay a consequence . " At a union rally the next day at the State Capitol , Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont thundered a message to the chief executive of United Technologies , Carrier ’s parent company . " Stop the greed , " he Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont . " Stop destroying the middle class in America ! Respect your workers ! " The picture of manufacturing decline and    retreat has become a driving narrative of the presidential race , spawning economic populism on both the left and the right . Yet Indiana , which holds its primary on Tuesday , defies an easy picture of Rust Belt decline . By many measures , the state is humming economically , offering a contrarian reality to the gloomy scenario that the presidential candidates are presenting to motivate voters . With nearly one in five jobs in manufacturing , the highest share of any state , Indiana ’s gross domestic product is accelerating faster than any of its Indiana Lakes neighbors , according to the latest figures from the Commerce Department . Unemployment at the end of last year was 4 . 4 percent , below the national average of about   5 percent . Even though the figure has ticked up in 2016 , economists attribute the increase to the large number of people returning to the work force , including job seekers moving to Indiana . Factories in heavily industrial Elkhart County , a center of recreational vehicle manufacturing where unemployment has been significantly reduced , have resorted to calling a homeless shelter to look for workers . The Indianapolis region is growing faster than Chicago , Cleveland or Detroit , and personal income statewide rose 3 . 6 percent last year , faster than the national average . " The economy here in terms of the data is as good as it The economy here in terms of the data been in a generation , " said Michael Mr. Hicks Hicks said that if measured by the value of goods produced , manufacturing has never been stronger in Indiana . The boom in the auto industry has played a big role in this because of the many parts factories in the state . Factory jobs have declined , he added , but not because of trade deals with other countries as Indiana and Mr. Sanders assert , but Mr. Hicks Indiana factories are increasingly efficient and fewer workers are needed . " Manufacturing employment peaked in 1973 , " he said , Indiana that since then the productivity of Indiana factory workers has climbed 250 percent . " We need Mr. Hicks fewer workers , and a very different type of worker Indiana too . " In Warsaw , Ind. for example , a global center for manufacturing orthopedic devices , the workers are highly specialized . Despite increases in productivity , wages have stagnated in step with national trends , feeding widespread anxiety about the future . Candidates in both parties have channeled these fears at targets ranging from immigration to trade deals to the government . And Indiana economists point to pockets of weakness within the state . Like other Midwestern states , Indiana ’s rural counties are emptying : Of the state ’s 92 counties , Indiana population in 2015 , according to the Indiana Center at Indiana University . " Connersville Indiana County , which was once called Little Detroit , they had close to 2 , 000 manufacturing jobs and now are down to about 400 , " said Timothy Slaper , an economist at Connersville in Fayette County, which was once called Little Detroit University ’s Kelley School of Business . Patti and Richard Schwalm , owners of a machine shop in rural Henry County , an hour Indiana University of Indianapolis , the Business Research Center at Indiana University they had to cut their staff to three employees in recent years . They blamed President Obama for hurting the manufacturers that are their clients . The Schwalms plan to vote they Senator Ted Cruz of Texas in the Republican they . Pressed for details about Obama administration policies that they manufacturing , Ms. Schwalm acknowledged , " The problems we have are 50 years in the making . " Todd Witte , President Obama works in a factory in Fort Wayne , Ind. plans to vote on Tuesday for Mr. Sanders because of the senator ’s opposition Mr. Witte I like his views on the Second Amendment , " he said . " In our local , they ’re either Bernie Sanders or Trump supporters . " Mr. Witte Mr. Sanders in attendance on Friday when Mr. Sanders addressed Mr. Sanders his union , the United Steelworkers , who were protesting Mr. Witte Carrier layoffs . Even as Mr. Sanders delivered Mr. Sanders    speech about the cost of Mr. Sanders deals , many union members in the Mr. Sanders who did not work for Carrier said they were personally Mr. Sanders . Mr. Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Witte owned by Dana Holding Corporation , plans to grow Mr. Sanders hourly Mr. Witte from 535 in the next few years , according to Tom Herendeen , president of the United Steelworkers Mr. Sanders , who also attended the rally . " We ’re doing great , " he said . " We have a lot of new business many union members in the crowd who did not work for Carrier in . " Carrier ’s decision to lay off 2 , 100 workers at two factories gained national attention in February when a video of an executive icily delivering the news to workers generated more 3 . 5 million views . Mr. Trump took to criticizing the company and threatening high tariffs that he promised would force Mr. Witte’s to reverse itself We " They ’re going to call me and say , Carrier President , Carrier has decided to stay in Indiana,’ " he told the crowd . His protectionist policies , which go against decades of Republican orthodoxy , have brought the issue of trade and its potential costs to workers to the fore Carrier presidential race . Hillary Clinton has Mr. Trump off her earlier Carrier of the Carrier Partnership deal , and during a visit here she vowed to take on China for Carrier steel . Because the loss of manufacturing Mr. Trump has many factors and Mr. Trump the latest international trade deals and the rise of China , economists say that steep new tariffs , Carrier as those promised by Mr. Trump , will not restore jobs . Mr. Hicks , the Ball Hillary Clinton economist , predicted that Indiana will have 125 , 000 new openings in Hillary Clinton jobs , in part because of retirements , each year in the next decade . " By way of comparison , " he wrote in a blog post , China we will only have 70 , 000 high school graduates per year . " 
 Indiana will have 125, 000 new openings in manufacturing jobs, in part because of retirements, each year in the next decade 