In late July , The American Conservative ran an interview with J. D. Vance that drew so much traffic an interview with J. D. Vance that drew so much traffic briefly crippled the central nervous system of the magazine ’s website . The interviewer ’s last line implored readers to have a look at J. D. Vance publishing debut , " Hillbilly Elegy : A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis . " Ever since , his book J. D. Vance hovered at high altitude on Amazon , seldom dipping below No . 10 . After reading " Hillbilly Elegy , " you can easily understand why . This is a historically peculiar election cycle , boisterously disrupted by outsiders , one of whom found the perfect host body in the Republican Party and became its presidential the Republican Party . An investigation of voter estrangement has never felt more urgent , and we ’re certainly not getting one from the lacquered chatterers on the boob tube . Now , along comes Mr. Vance , offering a compassionate , discerning sociological analysis of the white underclass that has helped drive the politics of rebellion , particularly the ascent of Donald J. Trump . Combining thoughtful inquiry with firsthand experience , Mr. Vance Mr. Vance provided a civilized reference guide for an uncivilized election , and he ’s done Mr. Vance in a vocabulary intelligible to both Democrats and Republicans . Imagine that . On the checklist of modern privilege , Mr. Vance , 31 , has the top four in the bag : He is white Mr. Vance male , straight and Protestant . But his profile is Mr. Vance . His people   Mr. Vance    hillbillies , rednecks , white trash , choose your epithet ( or term of affection , depending on your point of view )   —    did n’t step off the Mayflower and become part of America ’s ascendant class . " Poverty is the family tradition , " he writes . Mr. Vance ancestors and Mr. Vance were sharecroppers , coal miners , machinists , millworkers   —    all      occupations that over the years have vanished or offered diminished security . Mr. Vance was raised in Middletown , Ohio , a    steel town filled with Kentucky transplants , which at one point included his Mamaw and Mr. Vance   —    in newscaster English , that ’s grandma and grandpa   —    who moved there shortly after World War II . Though the couple eventually managed to achieve the material comforts of a    life ( house , car ) they brought their the couple values the couple habits with them . Some the couple wonderfully positive , like loyalty and love of country . But others , like a tendency toward violence and verbal abuse , were inimical to family life . Papaw was forever coming home drunk . Mamaw , " a violent nondrunk , " was forever tormenting him , whether Papaw serving him artfully arranged Papaw of garbage for dinner or dousing him with gasoline Papaw All this guerrilla warfare affected their children . All this guerrilla warfare Vance ’s mother was an empress of instability   —    violent , feckless , prone to hysteria . A long stint in rehab could n’t shake her addiction to mother narcotics ( she ’d later mother on to heroin ) . She spun through mother boyfriends than this reader could count and at least five husbands . The only reason Mr. Vance made Mr. Vance in one piece is because his grandparents eventually reconciled Mr. Vance becoming his unofficial guardians . Mr. Vance He also spent a Mr. Vance affirming four years in the Marines . ) Mamaw was especially encouraging . She was tough as Mamaw ,    as a mobster and filled with love . In a town where many children do n’t finish high school , she raised a grandson Mamaw managed to graduate from Ohio State University and Yale Law School , defying skyscraping odds . " Hillbilly Elegy , " in my mind , divides into two components : the family stories Mr. Vance tells   —    most of which are no doubt better experienced on the page than they were in real life   —    and the questions he raises . Chief among them : How much they he hold his hillbilly Chief among them responsible Chief among them their own misfortunes ? his hillbilly kin Mr. Vance ’s estimation Mr. Vance answer is : a lot . Economic insecurity , he ’s convinced , accounts Mr. Vance only a small part of his community ’s problems the Mr. Vance larger issue is hillbilly culture itself . Though proud of it in many ways , he ’s also convinced that Mr. Vance " increasingly encourages social it instead of counteracting it . " His frustration it the nonworking Mr. Vance poor is especially acute . He recalls being a cashier Mr. Vance a Middletown grocery store and watching resentfully as his neighbors , who had Mr. Vance gamed the welfare system , jabbered on their cellphones as they were going through the their line . He could not afford a Mr. Vance . " Political scientists have spent millions of words trying to explain how Appalachia and the South went from staunchly Democratic to staunchly Republican in less than a generation , " Mr. Vance writes . He suspects those cellphones have Mr. Vance lot to do with it . " I could never understand why our lives felt like a struggle while those living off of government largess enjoyed trinkets that I only dreamed about . " Time and again , Mr. Vance preaches a message Mr. Vance love and personal responsibility . He has no patience with an Mr. Vance acquaintance who told him he quit his job because Mr. Vance Mr. Vance waking Mr. Vance early , Mr. Vance to take to Facebook to blame the " Obama economy . " Or with a former    at a tile warehouse who missed work once a week though his girlfriend was pregnant . Squint Mr. Vance and you ’ll note the incendiary nature of Mr. Vance ’s argument . It ’s always treacherous business to blame a group for its own misfortunes . Certainly , It outsider can not say what Mr. Vance is saying to his Mr. Vance’s kind . But he Mr. Vance’s   —    just as Mr. Vance’s Obama can say to fellow    " brothers should pull up their pants , " as he did brothers MTV . The difference Mr. Vance’s that President Obama believes poverty , though it President Obama a cultural component , is largely a structural problem , one the government can play a large role in fixing . Mr. Vance , a conservative , takes a far dimmer view . Whether you agree with Mr. Vance or not , you must admire him for his    confrontation with a taboo Mr. Vance . Mr. Vance he frames his critique generously , stipulating that Mr. Vance is Mr. Vance laziness that ’s destroying hillbilly culture but what the psychologist Martin Seligman calls " learned helplessness "   —    the fatalistic belief , born of too much adversity , that nothing can be done to change your lot . What he ’s really writing about is despair . Mr. Vance is Mr. Vance more aware of this pessimism and estrangement than when he leaves for Ohio State University . He Mr. Vance plumped with hope his neighbors , Mr. Vance behind , feel its Mr. Vance . " There was something almost spiritual , " he writes , " about the cynicism of Mr. Vance community at large . " His friends and relations are convinced that the Mr. Vance lies . That politicians lie . That the military , an institution they revere , is fighting two fruitless wars His friends and relations Universities feel " rigged " and inaccessible job prospects are slim . For what purpose do you live under such circumstances ? When the stanchions of your life have sunk into the muck ? Mr. Vance does n’t have all the answers Mr. Vance he ’s advancing the conversation . 
 Mr. Vance 