INDIANAPOLIS   —    Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , desperate to alter the course of a presidential primary fight in which Donald J. Trump is closing in on victory , announced Wednesday that Carly Fiorina would be Carly Fiorina running mate if Carly Fiorina won the Republican nomination . The move , a day after Donald J. Trump scored unexpectedly wide victory margins in sweeping five East Coast states , amounted to the grandest diversionary tactic a presidential candidate can stage   —    or at least the grandest one available to a candidate trailing by about   400 delegates who failed to win more than 25 percent of the vote in any state on Tuesday . Taking the stage after 4 p. m. before a modest but spirited crowd in a cavernous pavilion here , Mr. Cruz described Mrs. Fiorina , the former presidential candidate and    chief executive , as " brilliant and capable " and deeply principled , and praised her for having " shattered glass ceilings . " Mr. Mr. Cruz criteria for a pick , in his telling Mr. Cruz seemed to be aimed squarely at Mr. Trump . " Do they think through decisions in a rash and impulsive way ? " he asked Mr. Cruz " Do they pop they the handle at whatever strikes them at they given moment ? " He held Mr. Cruz Mrs. Fiorina as someone who knows " where jobs come from . " " Born in Texas , " he added Mr. Cruz grinning , " the very first thing I liked about her . " Mr. Cruz ’s decision to rush out a    pick before next week ’s primary in Indiana , which is becoming     for his candidacy Mr. Cruz’s was the political equivalent of a student pulling a fire alarm to avoid an exam : It was certain to draw attention and carried the possibility of meeting its immediate goal , but seemed unlikely to forestall the eventual reckoning . Still , for Mr. Cruz , it could its to shift the focus away from Mr. Trump ’s success and from his own Mr. Trump alliance with Gov. John Kasich of Ohio , who agreed to clear out of Indiana if Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz competition in Oregon and New Mexico . And since endorsing Mr. Cruz last Mr. Cruz Mrs. Fiorina has proved to be an eager surrogate , attacking both Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton with zeal . On Wednesday , Mrs. Fiorina quickly seized Mrs. Fiorina role of faithful sidekick , singing a song to Mr. Cruz ’s daughters Mr. Cruz stage , appraising the senator as " a lot of fun " and repeatedly hammering home the Cruz campaign argument that Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton are essentially indistinguishable on Hillary Clinton " They ’re not going to challenge the Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton are essentially indistinguishable on policy , " she said . " They are the Hillary Clinton . " Mr. Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton are essentially indistinguishable on policy ’s the system prompted by the same countervailing forces that pushed him to strike the nonaggression pact with Mr. Mr. Cruz’s on Sunday : Mr. Cruz ’s polling in Indiana showed him Mr. Trump to Mr. Cruz’s Republicans familiar with the findings . He has Indiana closer to Mr. Trump in nightly surveys Mr. Cruz’s week , but remains behind . " If the election were held today , last week lose but not get crushed , " said a Republican familiar with Mr. Cruz ’s polling . What is striking , though , is that Mr. Cruz decided to tap Mrs. Fiorina even after his own surveys indicated she would offer Mr. Cruz modest boost . In Indiana and subsequent states Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz ’s Mrs. Fiorina tested the impact if Mr. Cruz named Mrs. Fiorina as his running mate Mr. Cruz was only worth " a couple of Mr. Cruz " said a Republican briefed Mr. Cruz the polling results . " Voters like her . They do n’t love her , " said this Republican , who insisted on anonymity to discuss the   . Voters like her Mr. Cruz ’s her may present a perilous challenge for Mr. Trump , who faces mounting criticism for his derisive remarks about women , including his repeated claims that Mrs. Mr. Trump with Mrs. Fiorina in the past . He has mocked her business record , her voice and even her looks . " Look at that face , " Mr. Trump said in an interview with Rolling Stone magazine last summer . " Would anyone vote for that ? " Another slashing comment directed at Mrs. Fiorina ’s Mr. Trump or gender Mrs. Fiorina have grave consequences Mrs. Fiorina Mr. Trump , Mrs. Fiorina with female voters he would need to win over Mr. Trump in the fall . Current and former advisers to Mr. Trump said he has long found Mrs. Fiorina an agitating presence and described her in Mrs. Fiorina private as an unworthy opponent with dubious business credentials Mr. Trump Mr. Trump has repeatedly disregarded advisers Mr. Trump urged him steer clear of conflict with a comparatively obscure rival , no matter how fervent Mr. Trump for her Mr. Trump Sam Nunberg , a Mrs. Fiorina aide who was dismissed from the Mrs. Fiorina last summer , said Mr. Trump ’s advisers warned him that his Mr. Trump Mrs. Fiorina would be perceived as a Mr. Trump of his discipline for the general election . " We had already anticipated that Mr. Trump would be attacks of Mrs. Fiorina , that there would Mr. Trump attacks that you do n’t respect women , " said Mr. Mr. Trump now opposes Mr. Trump Mr. Trump paraphrasing Mr. Trump Trump campaign ’s counsel to the candidate . " This was Mr. Trump major test to show you can compete as a presidential candidate . " Mr. Nunberg added , " Unfortunately , Donald failed that test miserably . " For Mr. Cruz , the drawbacks to naming Mr. Nunberg to change momentum in a primary could prove less than optimal for a general election . Voters might find it presumptuous for a candidate to name his prospective running mate while trailing by several hundred delegates . Then there are the taunts from Mr. Trump . " He ’s wasting his time , " the    told reporters Tuesday night , when asked about Mr. Cruz ’s preparations for a possible selection . On Wednesday , Mr. Trump responded dismissively to reports of a    ticket : On Twitter he posted a clip of Mrs. Fiorina on television , earlier in the campaign , calling Mr. Cruz a politician who " says his he needs his say to get elected . " ( A " super PAC " supporting Mr. Kasich circulated a memo listing Mrs. Fiorina ’s past criticisms of Mr. Trump in greater detail . ) For those inclined to cast Mr. Cruz Mr. Trump    Senate tenure as a triumph of principle , the selection and its unusual timing Mr. Cruz as the kind of unconventional move Mr. Trump a Republican who has made a career of bucking the party ’s establishment . But among Republicans in Washington , where skirmishes Mrs. Fiorina Cruz have focused more Mr. Cruz tactics than policy substance , the maneuver appeared likely to reinforce Mr. Cruz among his detractors that he is cynical and calculating . Either way , in Mrs. Fiorina , Mr. Cruz has turned to a credible outsider and an expert attack dog who has sparred often with the senator ’s rivals in both parties . She will surely be deployed in California , where the June 7 primary could determine whether Mr. Trump captures the delegates needed to clinch the nomination before the Mr. Cruz . Mrs. Mr. Cruz has statewide political experience there , having been the Republican nominee against Mr. Cruz Boxer in 2010 . Her connections with the sort of party activists likely to vote in the primary there could give Mr. Cruz a valuable the senator’s in the weeks leading up to it . She did , however , lose her one California campaign by 10 points and has since left the state to live Mrs. Fiorina Virginia suburbs of Washington . Mindful of the gender gap often evident in Mr. Trump ’s polling , Cruz Mrs. Fiorina hope that Mrs. Fiorina will prove a capable foil to him , as she did while besting him in a series of debate exchanges during her own candidacy . Mrs. Fiorina recent weeks , she has Mrs. Fiorina relished the role , disparaging Mr. Trump in interviews and California to " man up " and debate Mr. Cruz    . She has also shown a habit of answering questions addressed to Mr. Cruz Cruz at news conferences , interjecting to sing his praises or defend Mrs. Fiorina actions . Mrs. Fiorina the past , Mrs. Fiorina , Mrs. Fiorina has chafed at Mr. Trump Mrs. Fiorina    material . Last Mr. Trump , she Mrs. Fiorina it " sexist " that she was often asked whether she was running for president in the hopes of being Mr. Cruz ’s running mate . Mrs. Fiorina recently , she had Mr. Cruz asked about her interest . As Mrs. Fiorina Mr. Cruz beside Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz a Fox News interview last month , the Texas senator Texas Mrs. Fiorina Mrs. Fiorina the senator Fiorina for the role . the senator live audience cheered , and Mrs. Fiorina Fiorina answered before Mr. Cruz could Mrs. Fiorina " Let ’s win Mrs. Fiorina nomination first , " she said . Mr. Cruz ’s selection of Mrs. Fiorina was also reminiscent of a Mrs. Fiorina revered . In his 1976 Mrs. Fiorina against President Gerald Mrs. Fiorina , Ronald Mr. Cruz’s   — Mr. Cruz and needing to change the subject   —    announced his choice of a running Mrs. Fiorina the Republican convention . The gamble paid off in Mr. Cruz term Mrs. Fiorina selection of Senator Richard S. Schweiker of Pennsylvania led the evening news , slowed the news Mrs. Fiorina ’s rush to declare Ford the presumptive Mrs. Fiorina allowed Reagan to continue wooing delegates . But Reagan ’s announcement came after the primaries had ended , not with 10 states remaining , and he was closer behind Ford in the delegate count than Mr. Cruz is today to Mr. Ronald Reagan  — . Mr. the convention promise of winning over a clear constituency , the Pennsylvania delegation , Mr. Trump is unclear which voters Mrs. Fiorina could deliver . And Reagan still lost to Ford . 
 Mr. Cruz Mrs. Fiorina Ronald Reagan   Ronald Reagan   Ronald Reagan   Ronald Reagan   Ronald Reagan   Senator Richard S. Schweiker of Pennsylvania Ford Ford 