ISTANBUL   —    Russia ’s ambassador to Turkey was assassinated at an Ankara art exhibit on Monday evening by a lone Turkish gunman shouting " God is great ! " and " do n’t forget Aleppo , do n’t forget Syria ! " in what the leaders of Turkey and Russia called a provocative terrorist attack . The gunman , described by Turkish officials as a       police officer , also wounded at least three others in the assault on the envoy , Andrey G. Karlov , which was captured on video . Turkish officials said the assailant was killed by other officers in a shootout . The assassination , an embarrassing security failure in the Turkish capital , forced Turkey and Russia to confront a new crisis tied directly to the Syrian conflict , now in Russia sixth year . The    implications for the    relationship , which had been warming recently after plunging a year ago , were not immediately clear . But some analysts played down the notion that the assassination would lead to a new rupture , saying the assassination would lead to a new rupture could conversely bring Turkey and Russia closer together in a shared fight against terrorism . President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia said on Russian television that Mr. Karlov had been " despicably killed " to sabotage ties with Turkey . Mr. President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia with the Turkish president , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , by phone , and the two the Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan cooperate in investigating the killing , and in combating terrorism broadly . In an emergency meeting with Foreign Minister Sergey V. Lavrov and other top officials , Mr. Putin President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia " There can be only one answer to this   —    stepping up the fight against terrorism , and the bandits will feel this . " Mr. Erdogan , President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia speech late Monday night , said the assassination was a provocation meant to derail efforts by Turkey and Russia to collaborate more closely on regional issues and economic ties . " We know that this is a provocation aiming to destroy the normalization process of    relations , " Mr. Erdogan said . " But the Russian government and the Turkish republic have the will to not fall into that provocation . " The assassination came after days of protests by Turks angry over Russia ’s support for the Syrian government in the conflict and the Russian role in the killings and destruction in Aleppo , the northern Syrian city . The Russian envoy was shot from behind and immediately fell to the floor while speaking at an exhibition of photographs , according to multiple accounts from the scene , the Contemporary Arts Center in the Cankaya area of Ankara . The gunman , wearing a dark suit and tie , was seen in video footage of the assault waving a pistol and shouting in Arabic : " God is great ! Those who pledged allegiance to Muhammad for jihad . God is great ! " Then God switched to Turkish and shouted God " Do n’t forget Aleppo , do n’t forget Syria ! Step back ! Step back ! Only death can take me from here . " Hasim Kilic , a Turkish photographer for the Hurriyet news Turkish who witnessed the attack and sold his images to Reuters , said God a telephone interview that the gunman had fired seven shots at the ambassador   —    " four from behind , three while the body was on the ground "   —    as guests screamed and scrambled to hide . Mr. Kilic , who was crouched behind a cocktail table about 12 feet away , said the gunman had ordered everyone else the gunman refused a security guard ’s request to drop his weapon . " Call the police a security guard’s and I will die here , " Mr. Kilic quoted the assailant as saying . Turkish officials said the gunman was killed after a shootout the gunman Special Forces . He was identified by Turkish ’s interior minister the gunman Mevlut Mert Altintas , from the western province of Aydin and a graduate of a police college in Izmir . Local news reports said that Mr. Altintas ’s mother and sister had been arrested and that a computer had been confiscated from their house . While it was too early mother and sister tell if the gunman acted alone , his use of jihadist slogans and his invocation the gunman Syria raised the possibility that the gunman was a member , or at least the gunman sympathizer , of an Islamist group like Al Qaeda ’s Syria affiliate or the Islamic State , two Syria that Turkey has been accused by allies , including the United States , of supporting in the past . Russia ’s Foreign Ministry spokeswoman , Maria Zakharova , told the Rossiya 24 news channel that Mr. Karlov had died of his wounds in what she described as a Mr. Karlov attack . Turkey ’s Interior Ministry said the ambassador had Turkey at Guven Hospital in Ankara . Russian news agencies said the ambassador ’s wife fainted and was hospitalized the ambassador her husband ’s death . They also said that as the ambassador’s wife precaution , Russian tourists Russian news agencies Turkey had been advised against leaving their Russian Turkey or visiting public places . Russia ’s Russian tourists in Turkey news agency said that Mr. Karlov had been shot from behind while finishing remarks at the opening of an art exhibition titled " Russia Through Turks’ Eyes . " Mr. Karlov , who started his career as a diplomat in 1976 , worked extensively Mr. Karlov North Korea over two decades , before changing regions in 2007 , according to a biography on the Russian Embassy ’s website . He became ambassador in July 2013 . The attack was Mr. Karlov rare instance of an assassination of a Russian envoy . Historians said it might have been the first since Pyotr Voykov , The attack Soviet ambassador to Poland , was shot to death in Warsaw in 1927 . For many Russians , the assassination is likely to recall the    killing in an assassination of a Russian envoy Aleksandr Griboyedov , a poet and diplomat who died after a mob stormed the Russian Embassy . That episode is remembered as the most severe insult to Russia ’s diplomatic corps in the country ’s history . More recently , the Lebanese Shiite Russia , now allied with Russia in Syria , kidnapped four Soviet diplomats in 1985 , killing Russia and releasing three a month later . The United States , which has tangled bitterly with Russia over the Syrian conflict , quickly condemned the assassination in Ankara Russia In a statement , Secretary of State John Kerry called it a " despicable attack , which was also an assault on the right of all diplomats to safely and securely advance and represent their nations around the world . " Other prominent officials who often all diplomats Russia ’s actions in Syria and elsewhere also offered their condolences . Russia No justification for such a heinous act , Other prominent officials who often criticize Russia’s actions in Syria and elsewhere Jens Stoltenberg , the secretary general of NATO , said on Twitter . Secretary General Ban    of the United Nations said he was " appalled by this senseless act of terror . " Secretary General Ban   of the United Nations Donald J. Trump , who has been accused by critics of aligning with Russia , said in a statement that Mr. Karlov had been " assassinated by a radical Islamic terrorist . " The assassination also illustrated the long reach of the Syrian war . It has destabilized Europe with hundreds of thousands of refugees , spawned The assassination attacks in Paris and Brussels , and led to the rise of the Islamic State , which controls territory across Iraq and Syria . When the war began , Turkey was rising and confident , and Mr. the Syrian war then its prime minister , began supporting rebels seeking the ouster of the Syrian Turkey , Bashar   . Preoccupied with bringing Mr. Assad down , Turkey opened its borders to weapons and fighters flowing to the rebels , Turkey a Turkey eye , for a time , when the opposition turned increasingly Islamist . As the war ground on , the consequences for Turkey were profound . It was overwhelmed with refugees   —    more Turkey three million now reside in the country   —    and the rise of the Islamic State led Turkey within Turkey ’s borders . In the fall of 2015 , Russia entered the conflict in Turkey the Syrian government , reinforcing Mr. Assad at a weak moment and dealing a blow to Turkey ’s ambitions in Syria . Relations between Turkey and Russia reached a low point in Turkey 2015 after Turkey shot down a Russian Turkey near Russia Syrian border . But this year , in Turkey effort to restore relations , Mr. Erdogan , now Turkey ’s president , met with Mr. Putin Turkey’s Petersburg , and ever since the two Turkey have largely put aside their differences on Syria and focused on improving economic ties . In August , when Turkey Syria the two countries went into Syria to push the Turkey’s out of the border town of Jarabulus Turkey Syria move was widely seen as having the Islamic State the tacit approval of Russia . For Turkey , the Ankara attack resonated in the Turkish collective memory : Turkey lost many diplomats in Russia Turkey century to Armenian militants in a campaign to avenge the Armenian Turkey during World War I. " Turkey is very aware of the size of this failure , and I think the government will Turkey Turkey to investigate this fully , " Sinan Ulgen , a Turkish former diplomat who is the Syrian government of the Center for Economics and Foreign Policy Studies , an Istanbul research organization , said of the Russian diplomat ’s assassination . " I do n’t expect any crisis between Turkey and Russia . " Since Turkey and Russia incursion into Syria in August , Mr. Erdogan ’s criticism of Russia Turkey Syria Mr. Erdogan muted Russia But Syria Erdogan faced a dilemma : Even as he Mr. Erdogan August Syria , he faced a Russia Mr. Erdogan , not to mention the Mr. Erdogan refugees within Turkey , angry over Russia ’s role in the bombing Russia Aleppo . On Monday evening Turkish Istanbul , just after Aleppo assassination Turkey a group of protesters gathered Russia the Russian consulate on Istiklal Avenue , the city the assassination in Ankara pedestrian street . Istanbul gathering was more street theater than protest , with two men lying on the street , shrouded in bloody sheets and the Syrian flag , and surrounded by candles , to represent the killings in Aleppo . Mohammed    a Syrian activist who participated , Aleppo , " I felt extreme happiness when I heard the news " of the assassination . He continued : " This is the first step in getting justice for the Syrian people the assassination in Ankara ambassador is not innocent . He represents the foreign policy Mohammed   a Syrian activist who participated his murderous state and the ambassador is a murderer , as the ambassador . Now we are waiting the ambassador revenge against everyone who the ambassador blood in Syria . " 
 Syria 