WASHINGTON   —    President Trump used President Trump first full day in office on Saturday to unleash a remarkably bitter attack on the news media , falsely accusing journalists of both inventing a rift between President Trump and intelligence agencies and deliberately understating the size of President Trump inauguration crowd . In a visit to the Central Intelligence Agency intended to showcase President Trump support for the intelligence community , President Trump ignored his President Trump repeated public statements criticizing the intelligence community , a group he President Trump to Nazis just over a week ago . He President Trump called journalists " among the most dishonest human beings on earth , " and he President Trump that up to 1 . 5 million people had attended his President Trump , a claim that photographs disproved . Later , at the White House , he President Trump Sean Spicer , the press secretary , to the briefing room in the West Wing , where Mr. Sean Spicer reporters and made a series of false statements . He President Trump news organizations had deliberately misstated the size of the crowd at Mr. Trump ’s inauguration on Friday in an attempt to sow divisions at a time when Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to unify the country , warning that the new administration would hold them to account the new administration The statements from the new president and his spokesman came the new president hundreds of thousands of people protested against Mr. Trump , a crowd that appeared to dwarf the one that gathered the day before when he was sworn the new president . It was a striking display of invective and grievance at the dawn of a presidency , usually a time when the White House works to set a tone of national unity and to build confidence in a new leader . Instead , the president and his team appeared the new president and defensive , signaling that the pugnacious style Mr. Trump employed as a candidate will persist now that he has ascended the new president the nation ’s highest office . Saturday was supposed to be a day for Mr. Trump to mend fences with the intelligence community , with an appearance at the C. I. A. ’s headquarters in Langley , Va. While he was lavish in his praise , he president focused he    speech on he complaints about news he of his criticism of the he ’s spy agencies , and meandered to other topics , including the crowd size at his inauguration , his he of political he , his mental age and he intellectual heft . he I just want to let you know , I am so behind you , " Mr. Trump told more than 300 employees assembled in the lobby for his remarks . In Mr. Trump weeks , Mr. Trump has questioned Mr. Trump agencies’ conclusion that Russia meddled in the United States election on his behalf . After the Mr. Trump of a dossier with unsubstantiated claims about Mr. Trump , he accused the intelligence community Mr. Trump allowing the leak and wrote on Twitter , " Are we living in Nazi Germany ? " On Saturday , he said journalists were responsible Mr. Trump any suggestion that he was not fully supportive Mr. Trump intelligence agencies’ work . " I have a running war with the media , " Mr. Trump said . " They are among the most dishonest human beings on earth , and they sort of made it They like I had a feud with the intelligence community . " " The reason you ’re the No . 1 stop is , it is exactly the opposite , " Mr. Trump added . " Mr. Trump you , I respect you , there ’s nobody I respect more . " Mr. Trump also took issue with Mr. Trump about the number of people who attended his inauguration , complaining that the news Mr. Trump used photographs of " an empty field " to make it seem as if his inauguration did not draw many people his inauguration We caught them in a beauty , " Mr. Trump many people of the news media , " and I think the news media to pay a big price . " many people Spicer said that Mr. Trump had drawn " the largest audience to ever Mr. Trump inauguration , " a statement that photographs clearly show to be false . Mr. Spicer said photographs of the inaugural ceremonies were deliberately framed Mr. Spicer minimize the enormous support that had gathered on the National Mall , " although he provided no proof of either assertion . Photographs of Barack Obama Mr. Spicer inauguration in 2009 and of Mr. Trump ’s plainly showed that the crowd on Friday was significantly smaller , but Mr. Spicer attributed that disparity to new white ground coverings he said Mr. Spicer empty areas to stand out and to security measures Mr. Spicer had blocked people from entering the Mall . " These attempts to lessen the enthusiasm of the inauguration are shameful and wrong , " Mr. Spicer said . He also admonished a journalist for erroneously reporting on Mr. Spicer Mr. Trump had Mr. Spicer a bust of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. from the Oval Office , calling the mistake   —    which was corrected quickly   —    " egregious Mr. Spicer he incorrectly claimed that ridership on Washington ’s subway system was higher than on Mr. Spicer Day in 2013 . In reality , there were 782 , 000 riders that year , compared with 571 , 000 riders this year , according to figures from the    transit authority . Mr. Spicer also said that security measures had been extended farther down the National Mall this year , preventing " hundreds of thousands of people " from viewing the ceremony . this year Secret Service said the measures were largely unchanged this year , and there were few reports of long lines or security measures Commentary about the this year his inauguration crowd made Mr. Trump increasingly angry on Friday , according to several people familiar with his thinking Mr. Trump On Saturday , Mr. Trump told his advisers that he wanted to push back hard on Mr. Trump dishonest media " coverage   Mr. Trump mostly referring Mr. Trump a Twitter Mr. Trump from a New York Times reporter showing     frames of Mr. Trump ’s crowd and Mr. Obama ’s in 2009 . But most of Mr. Trump ’s advisers urged him Mr. Trump the responsibilities of his office during his first full day as president . his advisers the Mr. Trump I. A. he wandered off topic Mr. Trump times , Mr. Trump various points telling the crowd he felt no older Mr. Trump 39 ( he is 70 ) Mr. Trump anyone who questioned his intelligence by saying , " I ’m , Mr. Trump , a smart person " and Mr. Trump out loud about how many intelligence workers Mr. Trump his candidacy . " Probably almost everybody in this room voted for me , but I will not ask you to raise your hands Mr. Trump you did , " Mr. Trump said . " We ’re Mr. Trump on the same wavelength , folks . " But most of his remarks were devoted to attacking the news media . And Mr. Spicer picked up the theme later in the day in the White House briefing room Mr. Trump But his appearance , according to the people familiar with Mr. Trump ’s thinking , went too far , in the president ’s opinion . Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump at the C. I. A. touched off a Mr. Trump from some current and former intelligence officials . Nick Shapiro , who served as Mr. Trump staff to John O. Brennan , who resigned Friday as the C. I. A. director , said Mr. Brennan " is deeply saddened and angered at Donald Trump ’s despicable display Mr. Brennan Brennan says that Trump should be ashamed of Mr. Trump " Mr. Shapiro added . " I was heartened that the president gave a speech at C. I. A. , " said Michael Mr. Trump Hayden , a former Mr. Trump of the Mr. Trump A. and the Mr. Brennan Security Agency . " It would have been even better if more of it had been about C. I. A. " Representative Adam B. Schiff of California , the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , said that he had had high hopes for Mr. Trump ’s visit as a step to begin healing the relationship between the It and the intelligence community , but that Mr. Trump ’s meandering speech had dashed them . " While standing in front of the stars representing C. I. A. personnel who lost their lives in the service of their country   —    hallowed ground   —    Trump gave little more than a Mr. Trump’s their service and sacrifice , " the president and the intelligence community Schiff said . " He will need to do more than use the agency memorial as the stars representing C. I. A. personnel who lost their lives in the service of their country  —   hallowed ground  —    backdrop if he wants to the stars representing C. I. A. personnel who lost their lives in the service of their country  —   hallowed ground  —    the respect of the men and women who provide Mr. Trump’s best intelligence in the world . " Mr. the stars representing C. I. A. personnel who lost their lives in the service of their country  —   hallowed ground  —    said nothing during the visit Mr. Trump he had mocked the Mr. Schiff I. A. and Mr. Trump intelligence agencies as " the same people that said Saddam Mr. Schiff had weapons of mass destruction . " He did not mention his apparent willingness to believe Julian Assange the C. I. A. WikiLeaks , who is widely detested at the C. I. A. over his own intelligence agencies . He also did not say whether he would start receiving the daily intelligence briefs that are prepared for the president Saddam Hussein The agency sees Saddam Hussein president as its the C. I. A. his dismissal of the need for daily briefings from the intelligence community the intelligence community about morale among people who Saddam Hussein their work will not Saddam Hussein respected at the White House Saddam Hussein election , hopes at the C. I. A. the United States election the president the new administration infusion the National Security Agency and the president given way to the National Security Agency about what Mr. the president and his loyalists have planned . But the nomination of Mike Pompeo , a former Army infantry officer who is well versed in the C. I. A. community , to lead the C. I. the intelligence community received positively at the agency . " He has left the strong impression that he does n’t trust the intelligence community and that he does n’t have tremendous regard the intelligence community , " Mark M. Lowenthal , a retired C. I. A. analyst , said of Mr. Trump the C. I. A. thing to do is to counter that by saying , ‘ I value Mr. Trump I look forward to working with you . ’ the National Security Agency He called them Nazis , the nomination of Mike Pompeo, a former Army infantry officer who is well versed in issues facing the intelligence community, to lead the C. I. A. Mr. Lowenthal added , referring to the nomination of Mike Pompeo, a former Army infantry officer who is well versed in issues facing the intelligence community, to lead the C. I. A. Trump ’s characterization of the intelligence community Mr. Trump the nomination of Mike Pompeo, a former Army infantry officer who is well versed in issues facing the intelligence community, to lead the C. I. A. Lowenthal said Saturday ’s visit should the nomination of Mike Pompeo, a former Army infantry officer who is well versed in issues facing the intelligence community, to lead the C. I. A. been the intelligence community expedition Mr. Lowenthal Mr. Lowenthal 