MEXICO CITY   —    Joaquín Guzmán Loera , the notorious drug lord known as El Chapo who twice slipped out of    Mexican prisons and into criminal legend , was extradited to the United States on Thursday night , officials said , drawing to a close a    quest to prosecute the head of one of the world ’s largest narcotics organizations . A federal court in Mexico denied an appeal by Mr. Guzmán ’s lawyers to block the extradition , clearing the way for Mr. Guzmán’s transfer to the American authorities in New York , where Mr. Guzmán’s faces numerous charges for Mr. Guzmán’s role as the chieftain of the Sinaloa cartel . Mr. Guzmán’s was put on a plane on Thursday in Ciudad Juárez , near the border with Texas , and arrived in the United States on President Obama ’s final night in office . According to a Justice Department statement late Thursday , he Mr. Guzmán’s flown to Long Island MacArthur Airport in Islip , N. Y. The decision to extradite Mr. Mr. Guzmán’s an    for the Mexican government , which once claimed that he would Mr. Guzmán’s his long Mr. Guzmán’s in Mexico first . However , after his    Mr. Guzmán’s in 2015 , when his associates Mr. Guzmán’s him out Mr. Guzmán’s Mexico ’s Mexico secure prison , officials began to reconsider . When he was Mr. Guzmán’s early last year , after one of Mexico ’s Mexico exhaustive manhunts , the government Mexico it would allow Mexico extradition of Mr. Guzmán , thus relieving itself of the Mexico embarrassment of another escape and preventing further souring of its relationship with Mexico United States . Mr. Guzmán ’s Mr. Guzmán a year of appeals and legal procedures . Even his own lawyer was surprised . In an interview after the announcement by the Mexican government , the lawyer , José Refugio Rodríguez , said he had only just learned about the extradition his Indeed , he the extradition of Mr. Guzmán the prison where Mr. Guzmán was his held , planning to see Mr. Guzmán , when it was locked down for two his . " I his client supposed to visit him today , " he said . " I know his client of this . his An American law enforcement official said the United States authorities had not known that the Mexicans were about to hand over Mr. Guzmán until late Thursday afternoon . The official , Mr. Guzmán anonymity to discuss the case , said the " guesstimate " was that the timing of the extradition was " politically motivated . " The official did not elaborate . Mr. Guzmán   —    An American law enforcement official , El Chapo , Mr. Guzmán —    was a major trophy for law enforcement officials in both countries . Over the years , as the drug trade blossomed into a    industry , he became much more than a mere trafficker . As a      with a flair Mr. Guzmán the dramatic , he became a symbol of Mexico ’s broken rule of law , America ’s narcotics Mr. Guzmán and the failure of both nations’ drug wars . And yet , amid the anguish caused by Mr. Guzmán   —    the trail of blood left by his henchmen across swaths of Mexico the addiction crisis fueled by his networks in America   Mr. Guzmán      his legend only Mexico to grow . In Mexico Mr. Guzmán   he became America hero to the Mr. Guzmán   . In Sinaloa , tales of Mexico Guzmán ’s Mr. Guzmán   out freebies to the poor and covering checks for diners in the restaurants Mr. Guzmán   are commonplace . But his daring escapes cemented his reputation as an outlaw . Mr. Guzmán Mr. Guzmán   managed to break out of Mr. Guzmán   prison in 2001 Mr. Guzmán   —    according to some Mr. Guzmán   by hiding in a laundry cart . In the ensuing years , while on the run , he seemed always just out of the grasp of the authorities , slipping into secret passages beneath bathtubs or Mr. Guzmán   seconds before federal raids . The fascination with Mr. Guzmán stemmed from the fact that one could never really count him out . He perfected the escape Mr. Guzmán   the underground tunnel and the trap door   —    all Mr. Guzmán   he used Mr. Guzmán   evade law enforcement during his years on the run , which ended with an arrest in 2014 Mr. Guzmán   He sent his engineers to Germany Mr. Guzmán   training , then dispatched them to his homes , where they would outfit Mr. Guzmán   , Mr. Guzmán   and refrigerators with secret exits . A pioneer his engineers the Mr. Guzmán   tunnel , used his engineers shuttle tens of thousands of tons of drugs into America , he ultimately adapted those feats of secret underground engineering for his escape from the Altiplano prison : a    facility Mr. Guzmán   the State of Mexico where he lived in isolation Mr. Guzmán   under    surveillance by a camera in his cell . On the night of July Mr. Guzmán   , 2015 , shortly before 9 p. m. Mr. Guzmán stepped Mr. Guzmán   his shower and passed through a small hole in its floor , positioned in the camera ’s one blind spot Mr. Guzmán From there , he descended into a    tunnel , equipped with a a camera in his cell rails , and raced to freedom . His escape Mr. Guzmán a stinging embarrassment for the government of President Enrique Peña Nieto , which had trumpeted his capture as Mr. Guzmán crucial victory in its bloody campaign against the narcotics trade . Again a fugitive , Mr. Guzmán Mr. Guzmán the time to rendezvous with film his capture , including Sean Penn , to discuss a biopic about his life . But his freedom was   . After a manhunt that involved more than 2 , 500 people , Mr. Guzmán was seized in Mr. Guzmán town of Los Mochis in early 2016 after crawling out of a sewer . Once he Mr. Guzmán back in prison , many worried that he would escape once more , prompting the authorities to rotate him Mr. Guzmán cell to cell and , eventually , to Mr. Guzmán him up north , to the border with Texas . Mr. Guzmán general belief is that , in the United States , Mr. Guzmán Chapo ’s antics will be much harder to pull off . Though his reputation may not diminish , his chances of escape , or acquittal , are drastically lower there , experts say Mr. Guzmán Mr. Guzmán faces charges stemming Mr. Guzmán six separate indictments in the United States . In the Eastern District of New York Mr. Guzmán , where he is expected to face prosecution , the United States with the manufacture and distribution of a range of drugs , the Mr. Guzmán of firearms , money laundering and Mr. Guzmán an ongoing criminal enterprise . The indictment , first filed in 2009 , has been updated three times since then . In a statement on Thursday night , the United States Justice Department said it extended " its gratitude to the government of Mexico for their extensive cooperation and assistance in securing the extradition of Guzmán Loera to the United States Justice Department United States the United States Justice Department " In ridding itself of Mr. Guzmán its gratitude to the government of Mexico the Mexican government has lifted at least one giant weight from its the United States of keeping and successfully prosecuting the the United States escape artist . He the government of Mexico however , at a time of deep political unrest in the government of Mexico country , as protests over an increase in gasoline prices continue and corruption scandals , as well as rising crime , nag at the nation ’s image . The American    Donald J. Trump , has made threatening Mexico over trade and immigration a center of his platform . It is unclear whether the decision to extradite Mr. Guzmán the day before Mr. Trump ’s inauguration was connected in any way with the hostile The American   Donald J. Trump the    has adopted toward Mexico . " The fact that we delivered him to The American   Donald J. Trump clear political message that says this is a government we have long collaborated and worked closely with Mexico " said Jorge Chabat , an expert The American   Donald J. Trump security at CIDE , a Mexico City research institution . " By not waiting to send him to Trump after his inauguration , it is a subtle statement saying , ‘ We could do this for you , too , in the future , if we The American   Donald J. Trump a good relationship The American   Donald J. Trump ’ " " If not , there wo n’t be we other powerful narco traffickers extradited , " he said . 
 The American   Donald J. Trump we 