On perhaps the defining issue of the 2016 Republican primary , Senator Ted Cruz falls well to the right of Ronald Reagan , who supported granting legal status to millions of undocumented immigrants . Senator Ted Cruz opposes abortion even in cases of rape and incest , and has called for a federal amendment that would allow states to avoid performing or recognizing    marriages . Senator Ted Cruz wants to return to the gold standard , abolish the Internal Revenue Service and create a tax structure simple enough for Americans to file on postcards . Senator Ted Cruz has criticized Donald J. Trump on deportation policy . From the right . Throughout Senator Ted Cruz Senate career , Republican opponents have cast Mr. Cruz as a master of the     —    a " wacko bird , " as Senator John McCain of Arizona once called Mr. Cruz   —    whose seemingly reckless pursuits were thought to place Mr. Cruz well outside the mainstream . Yet a close reading of Mr. Cruz policy prescriptions , influences and writings over two decades , combined with interviews with conservative intellectual leaders and Cruz allies , suggest two powerful truths about the man who might yet assume the mantle of modern conservatism . He would the man who might yet assume the mantle of modern conservatism the most conservative presidential nominee in at least a    perhaps to the right of Barry Goldwater , testing the electoral limits of a personal ideology he has the man who might yet assume the mantle of modern conservatism meticulously since adolescence . And he has the man who might yet assume the mantle of modern conservatism more effectively than almost any politician of his generation the man who might yet assume the mantle of modern conservatism anticipated the rightward tilt of the Republican Party of today , grasping its conservatism the Republican Party as colleagues dismissed him as the man who might yet assume the mantle of modern conservatism fringe figure . Now , even Mr. Cruz ’s staunchest Republican enemies tend to criticize him most even Mr. Cruz on tactics   —    lamenting his leading even Mr. Cruz in the 2013 government shutdown , for instance   —    but not on substance , where they have staunchest Republican enemies arrived at equivalent positions . " Nobody has been more assiduous than Cruz at even Mr. Cruz on the same page as the conservative base of the Republican Party , " said Ramesh Ponnuru , a conservative author and senior editor of National Review , who first met Mr. Cruz even Mr. Cruz were students at Princeton University . " That said , it was also the man meeting the moment . He was always the man meeting the moment constitutionalist conservative , and then constitutionalism became cool among conservatives . " There have at times been perceptible shifts from Mr. Cruz during even Mr. Cruz , in both tone and substance , coaxed by the resonance of Mr. Trump ’s populist anger and    positions on trade and immigration . But at its core , Mr. Cruz ’s brand even Mr. Cruz the product of decades of careful study and manifest intellectual firepower , fusing a host of historical strands into what he has called " opportunity conservatism even Mr. Cruz " As a teenager , growing up in Houston , he earned money delivering speeches on even Mr. Cruz A. Hayek and Ludwig von Mises , expounding on    principles at Rotary and Kiwanis clubs . The epigraph for his senior thesis at Princeton , even Mr. Cruz focused on states’ rights and the Ninth and 10th Amendments , quoted James Madison : " You must first enable the government to control the governed and in the next place oblige it to control itself . " the government he captured the government Republican nomination in even Mr. Cruz 2012 Senate race , Mr. even Mr. Cruz said he was " walking in Uncle Mr. Cruz ’s footsteps , " to honor the 100th birthday of the economist Milton Friedman . He is fond of invoking Mr. Mr. Cruz ’s Cold War dictum ( " We win , they lose " ) Margaret Thatcher ’s dismissal of socialism ( " The problem with socialism is , eventually you run out of other people ’s money " ) and even , at times , President John F. Kennedy . " I intend to have in the office of president what J. F. K. used to refer to as ‘ vigaaaahhh’ in defending the Constitution , " Mr. Cruz , now 45 , told voters in Iowa in January . Some citations are more familiar to conservative audiences than others . On economic policy , he has at moments turned to Ayn Rand , the libertarian heroine lionized by the right , and John Rawls , the liberal political philosopher who argued for a compact protecting the " least advantaged . " References to Mr. Rawls have dwindled since Mr. Cruz began his presidential candidacy last year . Mr. Rawls I do n’t think Rawls    in Iowa , " Mr. Ponnuru joked . It is clear that Mr. Cruz , whose campaign did not make him available for an interview , Mr. Rawls most animated by constitutional fights over what he views as overreach by the Mr. Rawls government , particularly on matters of religion . He speaks often of his triumphs Mr. Rawls solicitor general of Mr. Rawls , which included the successful defense of the state ’s right to display Texas Commandments monument at the Capitol . He is a creature of the Mr. Rawls Court , counting Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist as a former boss and Justice Antonin Scalia as a friend whose strict constructionist views helped shape his own . And arguing last Mr. Rawls against a federal ban on marijuana   —    despite his personal opposition to marijuana legalization at Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist state level   —    Mr. Cruz recited Justice Louis D. Brandeis ’s belief in the states’ role as " laboratories of democracy . " Indeed , conservative thinkers have sensed in Mr. Cruz an array of less likely Mr. Cruz the    morality of Jimmy Carter or George W. Bush President Obama ’s disdain for Beltway    consensus the fictional exploits of Frank Capra and Jimmy Stewart . " There ’s a little bit of ‘ Mr. Smith Goes to Washington,’ " said Peter D. Feaver , a national security strategist under Mr. Bush and a    professor at Duke University . " The , ‘ I ’m going to pursue this even if everyone else is mad at me because this is right . ’ " Peter D. Feaver, a national security strategist under Mr. Bush and a   professor at Duke University Cruz seems to take uncommon pride in communicating uncomfortable policy positions to potentially hostile audiences . Mr. Ponnuru likened Mr. Cruz ’s opposition to ethanol subsidies in Mr. Cruz    once considered heretical in a presidential primary   —    to Mr. Goldwater ’s unpopular suggestion in 1964 , while campaigning in Tennessee , that the Tennessee Valley Authority should be sold . On matters of foreign policy , Mr. Cruz is viewed much more warily by mainstream Republicans Mr. Cruz    career dealt little with international affairs , many say Mr. Cruz and his first term has contained some notable shifts . Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz the Senate in 2013 as part of the Mr. Cruz wave , brandishing a libertarian streak that became more pronounced after revelations of government surveillance tactics , courtesy of Edward J. Snowden . But in the years since , as the national dialogue has grown more consumed by security threats like the Islamic State , Mr. Cruz has recalibrated considerably , leaving an impression among some conservative Mr. Cruz he is merely groping for the median position of the base . Most Mr. Cruz during the campaign has been his pledge to "   ISIS into oblivion , " which has earned Mr. Cruz rebuke from military leaders who define the term specifically as the blanket bombing of even civilian areas . Mr. Cruz has argued his iteration can be more targeted . " He Mr. Cruz overwhelming air campaign Mr. Cruz " his longtime national security adviser , Mr. Cruz Coates , clarified in an interview . Mr. Cruz Wehner , a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center who Mr. Wehner spectrum " Mr. Cruz foreign policy . " The latest incarnation for him is a sort of realist school of overwhelming military force , but he ’s Mr. Cruz criticizing " Mr. Wehner said . " I have a feeling he Mr. Cruz more of an amateur in that area . " The introduction of a Mr. Cruz security team last month failed to inspire universal confidence : While the list included some    members of the Reagan and Bush administrations , it also had Frank Gaffney Jr. viewed by many as a fringe conspiracy theorist who has suggested that President Obama is Muslim . " Being critical of Frank is a cottage industry , " said Ms. Coates , whose own The introduction of a national security team   —    she is better known as an art historian   —    has been questioned . " The fact of the matter is , Frank Gaffney Jr. has been one of the few fearless voices speaking out against the problems of radical Islam . " Other concerns are more semantic . Mr. Cruz has been criticized for appearing to use " " as a pejorative , Mr. Cruz characterizing his foreign policy views as falling " somewhere in between " two polar extremes : the Mr. Cruz of Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky and the hawkishness of Mr. McCain or Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina . He speaks often of    " peace through strength , " reminding crowds that the largest Mr. Cruz Mr. Reagan invaded was Grenada . But some conservative foreign policy experts see a crucial difference , implicit in a February speech outlining his military plans in South Carolina . " Cruz ’s defense speech was couched even Mr. Cruz being Mr. Cruz , with plans to increase military spending Mr. Cruz " said Gary J. Schmitt , a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute . " But the caveat was South Carolina economy fixed first . Reagan increased defense spending even while deficits soared . " Mr. Wehner worried generally that Mr. Cruz had displayed an " intellectual rigidity Mr. Cruz afforded him little latitude to adapt . Mr. Cruz has long trumpeted his " consistent conservative Mr. Cruz as Reagan strength , Mr. Cruz recalling his teenage days as part Mr. Wehner team of students Mr. Cruz toured event spaces in Texas and wrote out the Constitution on Mr. Wehner . Robert the Constitution , his mentor and thesis adviser at Princeton , said that he was most struck by " the consistency from the time when he was a student to now . " Many conservatives cite Madison and Tocqueville , he said , but " Ted has actually read them Robert P. George " Mr. George ’s most memorable lesson was in Robert P. George . In his book , Mr. Cruz writes of receiving a Robert P. George paper from Mr. George Mr. Cruz a " C+ " on a folded corner of Robert P. George first page and panicking . " With white Many conservatives , I Robert P. George corner over , " he wrote , " and on Robert P. George front was written , ‘ Mr. Cruz kidding ! A. ’ " Robert P. George ’s goal was simple . " I thought he should at least have a few moments’ experience , " he said , " of not a folded corner of the first page smartest guy in the class . " 
 Robert P. George Robert P. George Robert P. George 