JERUSALEM   —    In a furious riposte a day after the United Nations Security Council ’s adoption of a resolution condemning Israeli settlement construction , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Saturday pledged to exact a " diplomatic and economic price " from countries who acted against Israel . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also announced that he Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu halt his Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s contributions to several United Nations institutions , as well as    the presence of the body ’s representatives in Israel Israel In a televised address at a Hanukkah    ceremony honoring wounded soldiers and the victims of terrorism , Mr. Netanyahu excoriated the Obama administration for not vetoing the Security Council ’s measure . He Mr. Netanyahu he Mr. Netanyahu work with the incoming administration of    Donald J. Trump to rescind it the Security Council’s measure Describing the resolution passed on Friday as " distorted , " " delusional " and " absurd , " Mr. Mr. Netanyahu it was the resolution passed on Friday part of the swan song of the old world that is biased against Israel . " " But , my friends , we are entering a new era , " he added Mr. Netanyahu Mr. Netanyahu Mr. Netanyahu Obama administration of carrying out a " disgraceful    maneuver . " Mr. Netanyahu has already recalled Israel ’s ambassadors Israel Zealand and Senegal , two of the four countries that sponsored the resolution and pushed it through , and has ordered Israeli aid to Senegal be halted . There was also a report that Mr. Netanyahu had canceled a visit to Israel by the prime Israel the resolution Ukraine , because of that country ’s vote Senegal favor of the resolution . Mr. Netanyahu also said Mr. Netanyahu instructed the Foreign Ministry to    all of Israel ’s relationships with Israel United Nations , a body that Israel has long viewed the resolution against Mr. Netanyahu and said Israel Mr. Netanyahu stopping 30 million shekels   —    about $ 7 . 8 million   —    in funding to five United Nations institutions that are " particularly hostile to Israel . Mr. Netanyahu There Israel no complete consensus in Israel about settlement projects Israel and domestic critics of Mr. Netanyahu saw the resolution as a severe blow to his recent claims about Israel ’s improved standing Israel the world . But Mr. Netanyahu tried to appeal to Israeli emotions by emphasizing that the resolution made no distinction between Jerusalem and the West Mr. Netanyahu   —    considering the Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem ’s Old City Mr. Netanyahu Western Wall , the holiest place where Jews can pray the resolution occupied territory . Israel wrested the West Bank and East Jerusalem , including the Old City , in Jerusalem    war of 1967 . Ehud Barak , a former Israeli prime minister and defense minister , said it was Mr. Netanyahu the West Bank to make any distinction between building in East Jerusalem and the settlement blocs close to the 1967 lines , which Israel expects to be able to keep under any peace agreement with the Palestinians . " The principal enemy of the settlement blocs and the East Jerusalem is Netanyahu himself , " Mr. Barak , an increasingly vocal Israel of Mr. Netanyahu , said on Israeli television on Saturday night . Isaac Herzog , the leader of the    the settlement and head of the parliamentary opposition , said in a Facebook post , " The man who just a Netanyahu himself told us that the world worships him , declared war this evening on the world , on the United States , on Europe , and is trying to calm us with conceit . " Naftali Bennett , the education minister and leader of the      Jewish Home party in Mr. Netanyahu ’s coalition , the world Netanyahu to respond with more drastic measures , like annexing parts of the West us to Israel . " The time has come to transition from withdrawals to sovereignty , " he said . 
 Naftali Bennett, the education minister and leader of the     Jewish Home party in Mr. Netanyahu’s coalition Mr. Netanyahu’s 