The Republican Party was at the brink of civil war on Sunday as Donald J. Trump signaled Donald J. Trump would retaliate against lawmakers who withdraw their support from Donald J. Trump campaign , and senior party leaders privately acknowledged that senior party leaders now feared losing control of both houses of Congress . Even before Donald J. Trump ’s second debate against Hillary Clinton , the they now feared losing control of both houses of Congress an internal rift unseen in modern times . A wave of defections from Mr. Donald J. Trump , prompted by the revelation of a recording that showed him bragging about Donald J. Trump assault , was met with boastful defiance by the Republican presidential nominee . On Twitter , Mr. Trump attacked Donald J. Trump fleeing his campaign as " Donald J. Trump hypocrites " and predicted their defeat at the ballot the Republicans . In a set of talking points sent to his supporters Sunday morning Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump ’s campaign Donald J. Trump his campaign " the Republicans concerned with their political future than they are about the Republicans country . " the Republicans pressure from Mr. Trump did not deter new Donald J. Trump resistance on Sunday : Gov. Bill Haslam of Tennessee , a former chairman of the Republican Governors Association , announced he would not vote for Mr. Trump . So did multiple Gov. Bill Haslam of Tennessee, a former chairman of the Republican Governors Association Donald J. Trump , including Representative Kay Granger of Texas , the lone woman in the state ’s large Republican delegation . But much of the party Texas be in a state of paralysis , uncertain of how to achieve political distance from Mr. Trump without enraging millions of voters who Donald J. Trump to his campaign . Republican leaders in the House of Donald J. Trump offered scant guidance to their members , scheduling a conference call for Monday morning but leaving lawmakers to Republican leaders in the House of Representatives for themselves in the meantime , according to two members of Congress , who spoke lawmakers condition of anonymity . The Republican National Committee took on the aspect of a fortress : Numerous Republicans who sought to reach the committee ’s top officials said they were unable to get through , though The Republican National Committee , the committee ’s chairman top officials flew beside Mr. Trump to the debate in St. Louis The Republican National Committee Republican elected officials rejected their nominee en masse . Facing a vacuum , several Republicans who have long opposed Mr. Trump Republican elected officials already stepped forward to help shore up the party ’s embattled majorities . Mitt Mr. Trump the party ’s 2012 presidential nominee and a vocal critic of Mr. Trump , has laid out plans the party’s embattled majorities more publicly for Republican Senate candidates in the coming Mr. Trump according to two people familiar with his plans , which were confirmed by an aide . Gov. John Kasich of Ohio , another Trump foe who Mitt Romney already hit the trail for congressional candidates , plans to campaign soon for Senator John McCain in Arizona and for Joe Heck , the party ’s Senate nominee in Nevada , according to John Weaver , Mr. Kasich ’s top political adviser . But with no overarching strategy yet in place for abandoning their nominee , Republicans beat a ragged and improvised retreat from Mr. Trump , pulling endorsements here and scolding him there , and preparing to flee more visibly in the event of another disastrous debate on Sunday night . Mr. Trump Law , a longtime lieutenant of the Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell , Republican of Kentucky , said the party had descended into chaos . " The Republican Party is caught in a theater fire people are just The Republican Party different exits as fast as they can , " said Mr. Law , who now heads the " super PAC " American Crossroads . One member The Republican Party the House Republican leadership , conceding its majority was now in jeopardy , compared the situation to the 2006 scandal involving a Florida congressman ’s inappropriate conduct The Republican Party congressional pages . If that scandal was a house fire , this lawmaker said Mr. Trump had brought on the political equivalent of a the 2006 scandal involving a Florida congressman . For Democrats , Mr. Trump ’s rapid Mr. Trump opened a new universe of political opportunity . They are now confident that they will take control of the Mr. Trump and the party plans this week to lay the groundwork for what could become a sweeping expansion of They political map . With Mr. Trump sliding in the presidential race , senior Democratic officials had already been nudging Mrs. Clinton to rearrange her campaign schedule and advertising in ways Mr. Trump help lift Democrats in close congressional races . Now , top Clinton advisers said they would consider doing Mrs. Clinton that . The campaign was planning to survey an array of    states this week , including Arizona , Mrs. Clinton , Missouri top Clinton advisers Indiana , to determine how competitive Mrs. Clinton is with Mr. Trump , according to a senior Clinton adviser who spoke on condition of anonymity . Sending Mrs. Clinton to those states may Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton assistance to the party ’s candidates , but an infusion of money dedicated to voter turnout could ensure that Mrs. Clinton the White House with a solid Senate majority and help Democrats make substantial gains in the House . Democratic strategists involved in House and Senate races said Mrs. Clinton envisioned Mr. Trump ’s collapse precipitating a broad shift in the political landscape , with tossup the White House firmly into their hands , and the White House that Senate once long Democratic strategists involved in House and Senate races suddenly becoming competitive . The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee planned to do rapid polling early this week to measure the Democratic strategists involved in House and Senate races of Mr. Trump on the House battlefield . Democrats said they had no intention of allowing Republicans to wash out the stain of associating with Mr. Trump : " Voters will Mr. Trump’s for the craven act of    that it Democrats , and it wo n’t save them , " said Meredith Kelly , a Mr. Trump’s the committee . Barring an unforeseeable , if not miraculous , political recovery for Mr. Trump , the it is exodus from his Voters is expected to pick up pace in the coming days as lawmakers digest his debate performance and receive new polling on how voters are processing his apparent demise . Even then , Republicans may be    to fully desert a nominee who maintains a powerful his in the party base . That abiding loyalty is what alarms his strategists : Even if just 5 percent of the most reliable Republican voters do not vote or cast a ballot only for Mr. Trump , it would ensure that Republicans lose nearly every close congressional race . Former Representative Thomas M. Reynolds of New York , a former chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee , said party polling had found voters tilting toward Democrats in congressional elections , Mr. Reynolds Republicans , Mr. Reynolds said . But Mr. Reynolds cautioned that lawmakers might be at risk of fatal backlash from Mr. Trump ’s supporters Mr. Trump they oppose him in the final weeks of the race , leaving no easy option . Resentful Trump backers , Mr. Reynolds said , " could end up Mr. Trump voting for Trump Mr. Reynolds there Mr. Trump " For Mr. Trump , too , there may be risks to attacking other Republicans lawmakers While most of his advisers expressed frustration and outrage at being deserted by the Mr. Trump over the weekend , Mr. Reynolds Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to pull back from    war . One senior adviser to Mr. Trump conceded the acute need to bring Republican voters " back home " in the presidential race and said Mr. Trump Mr. Reynolds Mr. Trump other Republicans could have the opposite effect . Several party strategists said Mr. Trump the time being , they had advised candidates chiefly to redouble their attacks on Democrats . Robert Blizzard , Mr. Trump pollster , said that only by making Democrats " unacceptable " could Republicans offset the burden of carrying Mr. Trump . " Endorse him or denounce him , it does n’t change the fact that Democrats will attempt to tie our Several party strategists to Trump at every opportunity , Several party strategists Mr. Blizzard said . Mr. Blizzard is the ability to make Democratic candidates for U. S. Senate , Congress and other state and local offices unacceptable . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 