Hillary Clinton will be there . Mr. Trump . Pleasantries will probably be exchanged . And after that , the road map for the first presidential debate is anyone ’s guess . What are some of the most consequential " " ahead of Monday night ’s showdown   —    the possibilities that make the campaigns sweat ? Or should : He is off to a head start : Mr. Trump already threatened to invite Gennifer Flowers , who claimed to have had a    affair with Bill Clinton , as his debate guest . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s campaign Mr. Trump Ms. Flowers would not be there . ) Still , a decision to confront Mrs. Clinton from the stage about Bill Clinton ’s misdeeds would raise the Bill Clinton considerably . Mr. Trump plainly sees a benefit Mr. Trump voters of past Clinton scandals they may have forgotten . But Bill Clinton risks voters of past Clinton scandals substantial : The move could make Mrs. Clinton appear more sympathetic and repel female Bill Clinton uneasy with Mr. Trump . Then there is Mr. Mr. Trump marital history to consider . No one likes a    . But voters , presumably , want their president to know at least a few things . voters some Republicans who hoped to stop Mr. Trump in the primaries   —    Mr. Trump remain convinced that he could not survive a    civics class   Mr. Trump    a great regret persists : No one ever tried to insult his intelligence by stumping him with an easy question Mr. Trump What is the Mr. Trump Core , which he claims to despise ? Who is the prime Mr. Trump of Canada ? How does a bill become a law ? Does Mr. Trump know the answers ? It may not matter to some of his supporters , but an " oops " moment ( looking Mr. Trump you , Rick Perry ) could be the stuff of millions of cable news and YouTube replays . It can seem as though Mr. Trump loves no sound more than the swaggering Queens timbre Mr. Trump own voice . But for a candidate not known for his Mr. Trump depth , a     format poses a unique challenge . Mr. Trump the Republican primary debates , he often disappeared for extended stretches , letting his many rivals skirmish Mr. Trump assorted campaign proposals , before lumbering in Mr. Trump a memorably evocative quip about , say , the size of his genitals . This time , it is 90    minutes with Mr. Trump Clinton . That is a lot of airtime . Perhaps the greatest fear in the Clinton camp centers on the choices of Lester Holt , the debate moderator . Specifically , will Mr. Holt see fit to interject when the candidates shade the truth Lester Holt Mrs. Clinton ’s reputation for candor is checkered , her team hopes Mrs. Clinton might lay bare Mr. Trump ’s prolific assemblage Mrs. Clinton falsehoods . Some signature untruths , like Mr. Trump ’s insistence that he opposed the Iraq war from the beginning , Mr. Trump’s been allowed to go Mr. Trump’s , including at a recent NBC candidate forum . Mrs. Clinton ’s team has urged Mr. Holt to set a different tone . her team a master negotiator . Perhaps Mrs. Clinton will make him an offer he would Mr. Trump’s refusing on Mr. Trump’s television . As the Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s to press Mr. Trump’s Trump to Mr. Trump’s his tax returns , she might be tempted to make a deal , or at Mr. Trump’s one . She Mr. Trump’s offer to do his Mrs. Clinton’s for him next year . Or she could volunteer a charitable contribution , as Mrs. Clinton’s Trump did while Mr. Trump’s the false Mr. Trump’s birther " movement questioning President Mrs. Clinton’s ’s birthplace . Speaking of which Mr. Trump’s      After five years as principal spokesman for the idea that Mr. Obama was not born in the United States , Mr. Trump acknowledged this month that the president was born here . President Obama Mr. Trump said , he would rather Mr. Trump’s about it anymore . But Mrs. Clinton President Obama So far , Mr. Mr. Trump’s strained to identify Mr. Trump’s coherent reason for his change of heart . One of the most significant debate moments may Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump is compelled to provide one , before Mr. Trump’s watchful eyes of the many Obama supporters still wary of Mrs. Clinton . The Mr. Trump’s rare , like an endangered animal wandering through Manhattan . But those close to Mrs. Clinton have long contended that she can Mrs. Clinton funny . In an election often defined by showmanship and confrontation , a    zinger might prove powerful , Mrs. Clinton such an unexpected source . Mrs. Clinton after dozens of debates in two presidential campaigns , the most memorable moment for Mrs. Clinton still may be when Representative Rick A. Lazio walked , with a finger pointed , into her personal space during the 2000 Senate race to demand she sign Mrs. Clinton forsaking outside money . Female voters recoiled at his behavior , and Mrs. Clinton ’s supporters are Mrs. Clinton hopeful that Mr. Trump may seek to prove his Mrs. Clinton status with a similar intimidation tactic . Can Mr. Trump   Representative Rick A. Lazio    a man who recently insisted on divulging his testosterone levels , despite releasing scant medical records Mr. Trump —    resist the urge ? Mr. Trump , well practiced at innuendo and ominous warnings , has often compelled reporters Representative Rick A. Lazio ask questions they never thought would be necessary . Questions like : Did he just encourage violence against his opponent ? ( And , if not , what did he imply about the Mr. Trump, well practiced at innuendo and ominous warnings Second Amendment people " who might take matters into their Representative Rick A. Lazio hands if Mrs. Clinton Representative Rick A. Lazio elected ? ) It is not clear if Mr. Trump Representative Rick A. Lazio this tic as a shortcoming or as a strength of his oratory . the "Second Amendment people" who might take matters into their own hands if Mrs. Clinton is elected if Mrs. Clinton or Mr. Holt can challenge him in real time over such a flourish , Mr. Trump might be placed on the defensive , without Mr. Trump spokesman on hand to walk back his comments immediately after the Mr. Holt . It might not prove anything . It Mr. Trump be fair . But after decades of    conspiracy theories and Mrs. Clinton ’s recent bout Mr. Trump pneumonia , supporters worry that a simple coughing fit   —    It implausible during a lengthy , uninterrupted gabfest   —    could feed perceptions about her fitness to serve . It would be especially damaging given how many voters have seen the video of her wilting this month while leaving a Sept. 11 memorial ceremony . Well Mrs. Clinton that , Mrs. Clinton had occasionally gone hoarse on the campaign trail , or slogged through a flurry Mrs. Clinton hacks at the microphone . Monday would be a poor time for a relapse . Mrs. Clinton has admired his leadership . He has cited his poll numbers in Russia . Mr. Trump has even played down the killing of dissident journalists , on the grounds that " our country does plenty Mr. Trump killing , Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump Republican nominee has had many Mr. Trump to say about President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia . And there is little that Mrs. Russia like more than to make Mr. Trump repeat them . 
 Mr. Trump Russia 