   Donald J. Trump met on Tuesday with journalists from the newsroom and opinion staff at The New York Times . Several reporters , news editors and opinion writers used Twitter to report live on the interview with   Donald J. Trump . Here are highlights of the significant answers Mr.   Donald J. Trump in the    the interview with Mr. Trump were tweeted by Maggie Haberman , a political reporter who covered Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump and Michael M. Grynbaum , a media reporter for The Times . " I do n’t want to hurt the Clintons , I really do n’t , " Mr. Trump said .   Donald J. Trump went through a lot   Donald J. Trump suffered greatly in many different ways . " He also said that it   Donald J. Trump be argued that the Clinton Foundation had done " good work . " As The Times reported shortly after the election The Times The Times Trump told Mrs. Clinton   Donald J. Trump second presidential   Donald J. Trump if elected , he would instruct his attorney general ‘   Donald J. Trump get a   Donald J. Trump prosecutor to look into your situation because there has never been so many lies , so much deception.’ " His reversal has already provoked a backlash   Donald J. Trump some of his supporters , something he said Tuesday   Donald J. Trump did not expect   Donald J. Trump happen .   Donald J. Trump Trump was referring to James N. Mattis , a retired Marine Corps general who General Mattis , noting that he " oversaw military operations in the Middle East and Southwest Asia from 2010 to 2013 , " but " had his tour cut short by the Obama administration , which believed he was too General Mattis on Iran . " Here are two Times articles about the conference , which took place on Saturday in Washington General Mattis " It ’s not a group I want to energize General Mattis and if they are energized , I want to look The Times it and find out why , " Mr. Trump said in the interview on Tuesday . Mr. Trump ’s appointment of Stephen K. Bannon , a a group I want to energize media mogul who is the former head of It News , to a top White General Mattis , had elicited fierce criticism . The Times General Mattis Bannon when he was Mr. Bannon Thomas L. Friedman about whether he thought human activity was linked to climate change , Mr. Trump said : " I think there is some connectivity . Some , something . It depends on Mr. Bannon much . " But while acknowledging the connection , he said in response to questions about the warming climate that he was the   columnist Thomas L. Friedman about " how much it will cost our companies Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump ’s statements were a turn away from assertions that    climate change was a " hoax , " something that he later claimed never to have Mr. Trump’s . Mr. Trump was acknowledging a recent meeting with the Mr. Trump’s politician Nigel Farage , in which , The Times reported , he " Mr. Trump’s and his entourage to oppose the kind of offshore wind farms that Mr. Trump believes will mar the pristine view from Mr. Trump’s of his two Scottish golf courses . Mr. Trump’s was referring to Senator Kelly Ayotte , a Republican who was unseated by New Hampshire ’s governor , Maggie Hassan Mr. Trump’s a Democrat . Ms. Ayotte Mr. Trump’s turned against Mr. Trump late in the campaign , saying Mr. Trump’s misspoke when she called him a role model . The Mr. Trump’s Heck " he ’s referring to Mr. Trump’s Representative Joe Heck Ms. Ayotte business interests , Mr. Trump also Mr. Trump’s " In theory I could run my business perfectly and then run the Mr. Trump’s perfectly . " As The Times reported over Mr. Trump’s weekend , recent meetings Ms. Ayotte Mr. Trump Ms. Ayotte held have suggested that he may keep up his business ties . Mr. Trump’s The law ’s totally on Mr. Trump’s side , " Mr. Trump’s said . " The president ca n’t have a conflict of interest . " " He said very nice things after the meeting and I said very nice things about him , Mr. Trump’s Trump said of President Obama , Mr. Trump’s that " I Mr. Trump’s he ’s looking to do absolutely the right thing for the country in Mr. Trump’s transition . " Here ’s our article on the cordial    meeting in the Oval Office . Ms. Haberman was referring to Jared President Obama Mr. Trump ’s     who has been one of Mr. Trump’s ’s President Obama advisers . ( PEOTUS is an abbreviation for    Mr. Trump’s the United States . President Obama The Times reported Saturday   that Mr. Kushner , an Orthodox Jew , " has emerged as the closest thing to a steadying influence " in Mr. Trump ’s circle . Mr. Kushner has Mr. Trump’s meetings for Mr. Trump , including one with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel , and has sought out the advice of foreign policy experts including Henry Kissinger . " I would love to be the one who made peace with Israel and the Palestinians , that would be such a great achievement Mr. Trump’s Trump said . The final tweet is   . 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Israel 