WEST PALM BEACH , Fla.   —    Ms. Conway , on Thursday was appointed counselor to the president , becoming the    woman at the White House and one of his principal messengers to the public . Ms. Conway will be joined in the West Wing , Ms. Conway from the Oval Office , by Sean Spicer , a veteran Washington political operative , who will be the face of Mr. Trump ’s administration as its press secretary , the transition team announced . Along with several other White House communications specialists Washington on Thursday , the pair will wage daily battles with legislators on Mr. Trump ’s behalf while seeking to preserve the president ’s political power base among voters outside Mr. Trump’s . Ms. Conway and Mr. Spicer will also be responsible for a relationship with the press corps that has often turned antagonistic . The   ’s team has hinted that they may change the way reporters are treated , and possibly eliminate the daily press briefing , after The  ’s team campaign during which Mr. Trump frequently derided reporters as dishonest . Ms. Conway , 49 , who took over as Mr. Trump ’s campaign manager in August , shortly Ms. Conway and Mr. Spicer during periods of scandal or controversy . She stood by Mr. Trump after a 2005 tape surfaced in which he boasted about groping Mr. Trump’s , proving her loyalty and helping secure her position as someone who will have Mr. Trump’s president ’s ear on a wide variety Ms. Conway topics . Mr. Trump’s statement , the    said Ms. Conway would Mr. Trump’s her role as a " close Ms. Conway , " responsible for Ms. Conway carry out his priorities and delivering his message from inside the White House . " She is a tireless and tenacious advocate of my agenda and has amazing Ms. Conway on how to effectively communicate our message , " Mr. Trump said . the president I am pleased the president she will be part of my senior team Ms. Conway the West Wing . " Jason Miller , a Republican operative who was an early spokesman for Mr. Trump during the campaign , will become the communications director at the White Ms. Conway , transition officials announced . Hope Hicks , who served as a campaign spokeswoman , will become the director of strategic communications , and Dan Mr. Trump be the director of social media . The new members of the staff will have the power to shape Mr. Trump ’s presence in Washington as he makes the transition from businessman to president . The    is also under pressure from his supporters to deal aggressively with the national press corps . And his political advisers will help guide Mr. Trump potentially contentious relationship with some members Mr. Trump Congress , including ones from his own party . The West Wing sweepstakes has provoked Mr. Trump weekslong roiling debate within Mr. Trump ’s circle over who should Mr. Trump prime posts . It also Mr. Trump the   ’s apparent dissatisfaction with some of his options for who would appear Mr. Trump the White House podium as press secretary . Mr. Trump had hoped to have a woman at least share those briefing duties . But after The West Wing sweepstakes Conway declined , Mr. Trump eventually dismissed alternatives that could Mr. Trump signaled a more hostile approach to the press , such as the conservative radio Mr. Trump Ingraham and Kimberly Guilfoyle , a Fox News host and commentator . Mr. Spicer , 45 , is a fierce Mr. Trump Mr. Trump and can be combative with reporters . But he is also a familiar face in Washington , having served for years as the chief spokesman for the Republican National Committee . His ascension to one of the most visible jobs in Washington represents Mr. Trump for Reince Priebus , the chairman of the Republican Mr. Trump Committee and the incoming chief of staff , in internal jockeying with Jared Kushner , Mr. Trump ’s     as well as Mr. Trump Stephen K. Bannon , who will be Mr. Trump Washington chief White House strategist , and Vice    Mike Pence the Republican National Committee deeply fond of Ms. Conway , whose job as counselor will give her frequent Mr. Trump the president . Considered a " Trump whisperer " during the campaign , and someone who was particularly adept at explaining his appeal to voters , Ms. Conway Mr. Trump as one of the chief protectors of Mr. Trump ’s political brand . She also has been whose job as counselor favorite strategist for other conservative candidates , such as Newt Gingrich during the 2012 presidential race , and she was an adviser to Mr. the president during his run for whose job as counselor Indiana . She has reportedly clashed Mr. Trump with Mr. Priebus and Mr. Kushner . Both men whose job as counselor frustrated when she gave a series of interviews in which she criticized Mitt Romney , the 2012 Republican nominee , who was whose job as counselor considered for secretary of state despite having Mr. Pence a key figure of opposition to whose job as counselor Trump during the campaign . With a    approach that has appealed to Mr. Trump , Ms. whose job as counselor was credited during the campaign   — whose job as counselor even by Democrats who opposed her   —    with smoothing out some of Mr. Trump ’s most jagged edges during her appearances on television . In the coming days , Mr. Trump is also expected to name three deputy chiefs of staff to help Mr. Priebus manage the campaign at the White House . Among those being considered for these posts are Katie Walsh , Mr. Trump the chief of staff at the Mr. Trump National Committee Joe Hagin , who was the deputy Mr. Trump staff for operations through most of George W. Bush ’s administration and Rick A. Dearborn , who was the chief of staff to Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , who has been selected by Mr. Trump to serve as attorney general . Tending to Mr. Trump ’s relationships in Washington is likely to fall , in part , to Bill Stepien , who is in line to be the new political director . Mr. Stepien once played that role as the longtime political adviser to Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey , but was fired for his part in the scandal Mr. Trump plot to punish a Democratic mayor by closing traffic lanes leading to the George Mr. Stepien Bannon , who brought him on board in August , with helping them secure Mr. Trump ’s victory in November . It is unclear how Mr. Trump intends to use David Bossie , who left the Mr. Stepien nonprofit group Citizens United to be the deputy campaign manager , and was among Mr. Trump ’s earliest informal advisers about a presidential Mr. Stepien Mr. Bossie frequently clashed with Mr. Priebus , and Mr. Trump was dissatisfied Mr. Stepien him by the end of the campaign . He has sought to be a deputy chief of staff . One Mr. Trump’s who will not be Mr. Bossie Trump ’s first campaign Mr. Trump’s recommendation of Mr. Bossie . Mr. Lewandowski , who was fired from the campaign early last summer , waged Mr. Trump’s visible fight for a Mr. Trump’s at the White House . In the Mr. Trump’s , though , he will remain outside the gates , announcing on Twitter on Wednesday that he has set up a Washington public relations and consulting business a block from the White House Mr. Trump’s will always be President Trump ’s biggest supporter , " Mr. Lewandowski wrote in a news release announcing the new business , Avenue Strategies . The    of Corey Lewandowski, who was recruited to be Mr. Trump’s first campaign manager at the recommendation of Mr. Bossie Carson Mr. Lewandowski brought him onto the Trump campaign after Mr. Carson dropped out . 
 Corey Lewandowski, who was recruited to be Mr. Trump’s first campaign manager at the recommendation of Mr. Bossie Corey Lewandowski, who was recruited to be Mr. Trump’s first campaign manager at the recommendation of Mr. Bossie the White House the presidential campaign of Ben Carson Mr. Lewandowski Ben Carson Ben Carson Mr. Lewandowski 