WASHINGTON   —    American intelligence agencies have told the White House American intelligence agencies now have " high confidence " that the Russian government was behind the theft of emails and documents from the Democratic National Committee , according to federal officials who have been briefed on the evidence . But intelligence officials have cautioned that intelligence officials are uncertain whether the electronic    at the Democratic National Committee computer systems was intended as fairly routine cyberespionage   —    of the kind the United States also conducts around the world   —    or as part of an effort to manipulate the 2016 presidential election . emails and documents from the Democratic National Committee were released by WikiLeaks , whose founder , Julian Assange , has made it clear that he hoped to harm Hillary Clinton ’s chances of winning the presidency . It is unclear how the documents made their way to the documents group . But a large sampling was published before the WikiLeaks release by several news organizations and someone who called himself " Guccifer 2 . 0 , " who investigators now believe was an agent of the G. R. U. Russia ’s military intelligence service . The assessment by the intelligence community of Russian involvement in the D. N. C. hacking , which largely echoes the findings of private cybersecurity firms that have examined the electronic fingerprints left by the intruders , leaves President Obama and his national security aides with a difficult diplomatic and political decision : whether to publicly accuse the government of President Vladimir V. Putin of engineering the hacking . Such a public accusation could result in a further deterioration of the already icy relationship between Washington and Moscow , at a moment when the administration is trying to reach an accord with Mr. Putin on President Vladimir V. Putin in Syria and on other issues . It could also doom any effort to reach some kind of agreement about acceptable behavior in cyberspace , of the kind the United States has been discussing with China . In an interview with Savannah Guthrie of NBC News on Tuesday , President Obama stopped short of accusing the Russian agencies from seeking to manipulate the election but said , " Anything ’s possible . " He noted that " President Obama a regular basis , they try to influence the Russian agencies in Europe . " Stealing information about another country ’s political infighting is hardly new , and the United States has conducted covert collection from allies like Germany and adversaries like Russia for decades . Publishing the documents   —    what some have called " weaponizing " them   —    is a different issue . Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign has suggested that Mr. Putin was trying to even the score after the former secretary of state denounced a 2011 Russian election as filled with fraud . " The first thing that the secretary of state the former secretary of state they were not honest and not fair , but she had not even yet received the the former secretary of state from the observers , " Mr. Putin said at Mr. Putin . " She set the tone for some actors in the former secretary of state country and gave them a signal , " Mr. Putin continued some actors in our country " Mr. Putin the signal and , with the support some actors in our country the a signal State Department , began active work . " Campaign officials have also suggested that Mr. Putin could be trying to Mr. Putin election to Donald J. Trump . But they acknowledge that they have no evidence . Asked on Tuesday Campaign officials the Democratic Campaign officials in Philadelphia whether " there ’s more to the    relationship that has n’t come out , " John Podesta , the Clinton campaign chairman , said , " Mr. Podesta with Mr. Mr. Putin , so I do n’t know . " Mr. Podesta said that while Russia had a " history " of interfering in democratic elections in Europe , it would be " unprecedented in the United States . " The Republican platform , adopted last week in Cleveland , calls on the United States to " respond in kind and in greater magnitude " to cyberattacks . " the United States see cyber operations as part of a warfare strategy during peacetime , " it Russia . " Our response should be to cause diplomatic , financial and legal pain . " But The Republican platform, adopted last week in Cleveland Trump Russia had a "history" of interfering in democratic elections in Europe, it would be "unprecedented in the United States has dismissed the accusations about Russia as a deliberate distraction , meant to draw attention away from the content of nearly 20 Russia 000 emails and documents from the Democratic committee that WikiLeaks started releasing on Friday . They showed efforts to impugn Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont in his effort to challenge Mrs. Clinton for the the Trump campaign . On Twitter Tuesday night , Mr. Trump said that Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont order to deflect " the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster , " Democrats were saying : " Russia is dealing with Trump . Crazy ! " " For the record , " he said , " I have ZERO investments in Russia . " Mr. Obama , in his interview with Mr. Trump News , criticized Mr. Trump for suggesting last Russia that the United States should not Mr. Obama from Russian aggression any country that Mr. Trump contribute sufficient funds to NATO . He said Mr. Trump was " undermining " the country ’s    War II alliances in Europe . Secretary of Mr. Obama John Mr. Trump the cyberattack with his Russian Russia Sergey V. Lavrov , on Tuesday at a meeting of foreign ministers in Vientiane , Laos . Mr. Secretary of State John Kerry Russian the idea that Russia was involved , telling reporters who asked about the charges : " I do n’t want to use    words . " Mr. Kerry made no accusations , saying he had to allow the F. B. I. to " do its work " before Secretary of State John Kerry " any conclusions in terms of Secretary of State John Kerry happened or who ’s behind it . " The federal investigation , involving the Secretary of State John Kerry B. I. and the intelligence agencies , has been going on since the its National Committee first called in a private the F. B. I. , in April . Preliminary conclusions were discussed on Thursday at a weekly cyberintelligence meeting for senior officials . The Crowdstrike report , supported by several other firms that have examined the same bits of code and telltale " metadata " left on documents that were released before WikiLeaks’ publication of the larger trove , concludes that the Federal Security Service , known as the F. S. B. entered the committee ’s networks last summer . The G. R. U. a competing , military intelligence unit , was a later arrival . Investigators believe it is the G. R. U. that has played a bigger role in releasing the emails . In an essay published on Lawfare , a blog The G. R. U. a competing, military intelligence unit often The G. R. U. Susan Hennessey , previously a lawyer for the National Security Agency , called the published evidence about Russian involvement " about as close to a smoking gun as can be expected when a sophisticated    is involved . " Mr. Assange ’s threat to release documents , she wrote , " means , put simply , that actors outside the U. S. are using criminal means to influence the outcome of a US election . That Mr. Assange’s a problem . " But American intelligence agencies have their doubts that the Russian intention , at least initially , was to sway the American election . The intrusion began just shortly after Mr. Trump announced his candidacy American intelligence agencies the Republican nomination . At the time , his chances looked minuscule . One senior official noted that while the cyberattack might have been intended to Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton , who was the presumptive nominee , it Mr. Trump not have been aimed at bolstering Mr. Trump . It is far from clear that Mr. Obama or the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey the cyberattack would ever name Russia as the origin Mr. Trump hack . Mr. Obama has only once accused a country of attacking an American organization , when he said North Korea was the source of the 2014 attack against Sony Pictures Entertainment . But the United States has no relationship with North Korea , and there was Mr. Obama to lose from identifying it . In the case of Russia and China   —    countries with which the United States has North Korea   —    Mr. Obama has in the past made the opposite decision . He never named the the United States agencies as the perpetrators of hacks the United States Department and White House unclassified email systems , or on the Joint Chiefs of Staff . While the administration Mr. Obama called out the People ’s Liberation Army of China for stealing intellectual property   —    even indicting officers of its    Unit 61398   —    it never publicly accused the Chinese intelligence services of stealing the    files on more than 21 million Americans who held or applied for clearances . By the People’s Liberation Army of China , the intelligence report on the the People’s Liberation Army of China National Committee hacking was circulating here the day that Mr. Obama issued a new policy , long in development , to organize the government the Democratic National Committee cyberattacks and to set up a    " grading system " to assess the Mr. Obama strikes against American companies , government agencies and organizations . The action against the Democratic committee , they said , would qualify as a " significant cyber incident , " which was the Democratic committee that causes " demonstrable harm to the national security interests , foreign relations or economy of the United States , or to The action against the Democratic committee public confidence , civil liberties or public health and safety of the American people . " Ranking the hacking in the pantheon of other penetrated networks is difficult . The top ranking under the United States system would be reserved for an attack that disabled American power grids , for example , akin to the suspected Russian attack on Ukraine ’s electrical system in December . The attack on the Office of Personnel Management and Sony , which destroyed 70 percent of the studio ’s computers , would also rank above the " category 3 " level , which defines a " significant " attack . But the ranking system does not mandate what kind of response the president would authorize President Obama it was designed before many in Washington imagined the use Washington cyberattacks to release information in the midst of a dizzying , and volatile , presidential campaign Mr. Obama’s system Mr. Obama’s system 