It was nearly eight years ago , somehow . Those who gathered then   —    curious , hopeful , freezing   —    remember it all : the ocean of faces across the National Mall the crackling energy , building as Those who gathered then  —   curious, hopeful, freezing  —    waited the catharsis of more than a million strangers finding occasion to shiver together , cheer together , cry together after a presidential campaign that had , to Those who gathered then  —   curious, hopeful, freezing  —    , affirmed the best of America . " On this day , we come to proclaim an end to the petty grievances and false promises , " President Obama vowed , just after assuming the title , " the recriminations and    dogmas that for far too long have strangled we politics . " the petty grievances and false promises remember that pledge . the petty grievances and false promises do not remember why that pledge seemed possible . The elections of 2008 and 2016 : twin political moments that can not be disentangled   —    an earthquake and its aftershock , jolting the American psyche into an era of spectacular contradiction . An increasingly popular departing president is leading a country that most voters believe is on the wrong track .    economic unease festers at a time , the statistics show , of relative economic stability   —    eight years after even an escalating financial crisis seemed , to some , a mere blip on the path to " Yes , we can . " And a campaign pocked with racism and sexism , rendered in open view , may well reach this conclusion : Americans replacing Americans first black chief executive with Americans first female one . If 2008 was an emblem of progress on at least one measure , 2016 has required the grim acceptance of the limits , the disappointments , the blind spots   —    a nation taking a long look inward , and shuddering . " I did n’t think about those other million people out there , " Ms. Childs was adopted by Mr. Obama as a campaign rallying cry . " those other million people were still in the ’40s and ’50s in those other million people minds and wishing it had n’t happened . " She sighed a bit . " Too late , " Ms. Childs said , days before an election for which she sounded decidedly less fired up . " It happened . " It did happen . And then Ms. Childs this . A New York    News poll this month found It 82 percent of voters felt more disgusted than excited about American politics because of this campaign .    percent of Donald J. Trump supporters said a Hillary Clinton presidency would make them scared or concerned .    percent of Clinton supporters said the same of a Trump administration . percent of Donald J. Trump supporters is a tendency to sanitize bygone political Hillary Clinton in the retelling , to draw straight lines where squiggles belong . Surely some signposts of unrest were discernible many exits ago   —    the rise in income inequality , scraping away at the middle class the preponderance of partisan news media congressional functionality morphing from labored to gridlocked to hopeless . Such bitter divisions had flared long before Mr. Trump seared his surname onto the democratic process . " Hamilton , " the acclaimed Broadway musical , after all Mr. Trump crests with a fatal gunfight between statesmen . And for all the    tributes to John McCain and Mitt Romney , who are now held up by Democrats as exemplars of erstwhile Republican honor and sanity , many Obama supporters once seethed at the sight of them   —    and , for at least a few months of 2008 , of Mrs. Clinton Hamilton," the acclaimed Broadway musical, after all, crests with a fatal gunfight between statesmen too . So much was bound to get worse before it got better . People lost jobs , savings , homes . Some looked at the president and saw distance , fecklessness , insufficiency . Most were not outright bigots . Still . Norms had been threatened before 2016 , but never bulldozed with such ease . Truth has often felt contested , but never so thoroughly subjective . There have been crusades against political correctness , but never a national reckoning over the propriety of boasting about sexual assault . " It ’s like with family or a friend or someone you ’re dating . And you say , ‘ Let ’s just be honest ! ’ " said George Saunders , the author and essayist , who chronicled ‘ supporters for The New Yorker in July . " Then they are , and it ’s like , ‘ Oh , God . ’ " This unburdening has George Saunders, the author and essayist, who chronicled Trump supporters for The New Yorker in July 2008 as something of a utopia in hindsight , taunting the present with its flights of inspiration , its relative    its basic civility most of the time . Though Mr. This unburdening commanded about 53 percent This unburdening the popular This unburdening , 74 percent of Americans said they felt positively about his election , according to a Los Angeles    poll in December 2008 . 74 percent of Americans present traces of Mr. Obama race register now as dizzying distortions , shards culled from a    mirror . Mr. McCain ’s captivity in combat was invoked by Mr. Trump as an argument against his heroism . Mr. McCain ’s memorably pointed defense of Mr. Obama after a voter labeled him " Mr. Trump Arab " Mr. McCain’s way to a Republican nominee advocating a ban on Muslims entering the Mr. McCain’s States . Mr. McCain , in conceding , hailed the historic moment : " Senator Obama has achieved a great thing Mr. McCain’s and for his country . " Mr. Trump has not committed Mr. Obama the results of the election . In Mr. Obama , many Mr. Obama insisted then that they hoped to see Mr. Obama succeed . But there were two sides in 2008 , too , and many millions many Republicans voters dismayed at Mr. Obama . Mr. McCain ’s running mate , Sarah Palin , helped coax what became the Tea Party into full bloom   —    an insurgency that helped spawn Mr. Trump ’s own   —    exporting the boiling anger from her campaign events to a mass audience , even as some McCain aides expressed horror at what they had wrought . Many conservatives see a through line from Ms. Palin ’s treatment by the national news media , which some McCain aides viewed as unfair and condescending , to the heightened distrust of traditional news sources . This context , they say , Many conservatives account for the otherwise    Americans now prone to screaming obscenities at reporters during Trump rallies . But Many conservatives fury rings familiar . Those early , menacing shouts from Palin crowds   —    " Kill him ! " or " Terrorist ! " at a mention of Mr. Obama   —    have wafted to the main stage , absorbed and repurposed by the speakers at the microphone . Amid signs and chants demanding Mrs. Clinton ’s jailing , wishing her death and denouncing her with unprintable gendered slurs , Mr. Trump has himself wondered aloud about the " Second Amendment people Mrs. Clinton who might take Mrs. Clinton into their own hands if she is elected Mr. Trump And after years of questioning Mr. Obama ’s birthplace   —    then falsely accusing Mrs. Clinton ’s Mrs. Clinton campaign of having done so first   —    Mr. Trump has seen to it that his followers would never view a Clinton presidency as legitimate . Republicans are promising investigations Mr. Trump are predicting impeachment , on vague Mr. Trump . Some conservative lawmakers are saying they can make peace with an    Supreme Court in perpetuity , rather than allowing any Democratic president to fill the tiebreaking vacancy Some conservative lawmakers The result is a sort of    resignation , even among those who admire Mrs. Clinton most , about the scope of her triumph if she wins . Mr. Obama ascended with impossible expectations , largely of his own making . His preferred successor would Mrs. Clinton office on Mrs. Clinton assumption that precious little will be permitted to change . It Mr. Obama a sobering turn Mr. Obama those overjoyed at the prospect of a female president . It is also a grim confirmation of Mrs. Clinton ’s argument against Mr. Obama in the first place . It was she who It in 2008 , seemed to mock the    sunniness of his message in the Democratic primary campaign , the    Mrs. Clinton’s sheer force of personality would be enough . " The sky will Mr. Obama , the light will come down , celestial choirs will be singing , " Mrs. Clinton    at one campaign stop , forecasting an Obama presidency , " and everyone will know we should do the right thing and the world will be perfect . " She shrugged . " Maybe I ’ve just lived everyone little long , " Mrs. Clinton said then , " but I have Mrs. Clinton    illusions about how hard this is going to be . " 
 Mrs. Clinton    