CIUDAD DEL CARMEN , Mexico   —    The town that oil built is emptying out . " For Sale " signs are plastered on    houses and    bungalows alike . The idled oil workers who used to cluster in the main square , hoping to pick up odd jobs , have moved on . Here in Ciudad del Carmen , on the gulf coast of Mexico , even the ironclad union positions are slipping away . Some roughnecks on the offshore rigs of the national oil company , Pemex , have not worked in months , and Some roughnecks on the offshore rigs of the national oil company, Pemex voices are filled with anxiety . " What do you think is going to happen ? " some ask . Pemex has been limping along for years , bleeding billions of dollars annually , saddled with debt and struggling to maintain production as Pemex giant oil fields in the Gulf of Mexico run dry . Next year , Pemex will pump less than two million barrels a day , the lowest output since 1980 . Fixing the oil company was already at the top of Mexico ’s list of priorities , the focus of a long debate over the fate of one of the oil company most important   —    and troubled   —    national institutions . Now , that mammoth undertaking has become all the more critical with the United States’ election of Donald J. Trump . As Mexicans steel themselves for an American president who made upending his nation ’s relationship with Mexico a cornerstone of his campaign , officials on this side of the border have hastened to reassure Mexico that Mexico Mexico economy is sound . If Donald J. Trump goes through with his Donald J. Trump to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement , deport migrants and tax remittances to pay for his Donald J. Trump wall , Mexico will Mexico severe economic shocks , particularly to the vibrant manufacturing base , whose products replaced oil as the country ’s main export years ago . The Mexican peso remains at record lows . The central bank raised interest rates this month , citing " heightened uncertainty . " And last week , it cut The central bank forecasts for this year and next . The bank The central bank , Agustín Carstens , told a local radio station that understanding the Trump administration ’s policies was " like trying to put a jigsaw puzzle together without having all the pieces . " Many are pessimistic that the government can come up with a backup plan . " Mexico lacks a credible Plan B to offset the    wave , " analysts at Morgan Stanley warned in a recent note to investors . The damage that Mr. Trump could inflict on the busy factories that ship cars and computers to the United States has given a sharp urgency to Mexico ’s efforts Mexico parts of the economy that do not rely on Nafta   —    particularly its dilapidated oil industry Nafta   To that end , when José Antonio Meade , the finance minister , lists the Mexican economy ’s strengths , he singles out the José Antonio Meade, the finance minister of the new energy laws that broke the    monopoly held by Pemex . The laws , part of a package of economic overhauls that President Enrique Peña Nieto pushed through Congress three years ago , allow for private investment in Mexico ’s oil sector for the first time since foreign companies were expelled in 1938 . Only days before the American presidential election , Pemex ’s chief executive Pemex Antonio González Anaya , presented a timetable of projects he expected to offer to potential partners and promised to begin returning the national oil company to solvency . He and the finance minister he with investors in New York this month to argue that Mexico ’s economy was solid and that " the oil sector will continue to be an engine of national economic growth , " according to a joint statement from Pemex and the Finance Ministry . The pair followed up with a visit to London . Mr. Peña Nieto has pushed through other overhauls , including changes in education , telecommunications , taxes , electricity and finance , but they have yet to generate telecommunications, taxes, electricity and finance economic growth . Most economists project that the economy will expand by just over 2 percent this year . The most radical of all these overhauls , though , was ending the monopoly of Pemex , the country ’s largest company , and allowing it to seek capital and the monopoly of Pemex, the country’s largest company from private companies . The measure struck at Mexico the monopoly of Pemex, the country’s largest company enduring symbol of national sovereignty , rejecting the    conviction that it could develop its most valuable the monopoly of Pemex, the country’s largest company resource on the monopoly of Pemex, the country’s largest company own . " The only the monopoly of Pemex, the country’s largest company to bring back production in the next five , six years is to bring more investment to Pemex , " said Juan Carlos Zepeda , the president of the National Hydrocarbons Commission , Mexico ’s oil regulator . " Mexico is no other way . " But after the new energy laws were approved , the company stalled , the promised Pemex did not happen , and oil prices plunged . Pemex reeled as its debt soared and Pemex dropped . Pemex oil revenue means oil funds less than 20 percent of the government budget , down from as much as 40 percent when prices were at their peak . " The government was prices prepared for sustained low oil prices , " said John Padilla , a managing director of IPD Latin America , an energy consulting firm . " They never saw a Pemex implosion in John Padilla, a managing director of IPD Latin America, an energy consulting firm way it occurred Pemex " The president chose a Pemex implosion González Anaya , a    economist known for efficiency , to take over at Pemex in February . He quickly announced Pemex first joint venture The president : a deepwater oil field just south of United States waters . Experts believe that Mexico ’s untapped deepwater oil fields are its next great prize . But they Mexico’s untapped deepwater oil fields risky and expensive , a Mexico’s untapped deepwater oil fields at a time when low oil prices have forced international oil companies to scrap many planned investments . Still , major companies like BP , Exxon Mobil , Chevron and Shell have qualified to bid in a deepwater auction in December . In an interview in his office at the top of the Pemex tower in Mexico City , Mr. González Anaya warned not to expect too much . " Some people have said to me , ‘ Look , Pemex wo Mr. González Anaya go back to producing Pemex million barrels.’ Well , no , " he said . " That ’s a Mr. González Anaya   —    but no . What I can say and demonstrate is the company ’s solidity . " Not everyone is sure that companies will jump at the chance to team up with Pemex . " Two years ago , Pemex wanted to partner with Pemex , " Mr. Padilla said . Pemex They were Mr. González Anaya like the homecoming queen .    two years later , and how can you go to your board and say , ‘ Pemex is good for the money’ ? Pemex Another question is whether the government can speed up the transformation as a defense against Mr. Trump ’s promised policies . Even if the government attracts private investment , the effect the government could take years to materialize . " They ’re not going to turn the economy around on energy reform , " said Jeremy M. Martin , an energy expert at the Institute of the Americas in San Diego . In the meantime , Mexico must fix the company ’s many problems . Pemex ’s rusty refineries operate at about 60 percent capacity , forcing the country to import more than half of its Mexico The company loses billions of dollars every Pemex , and Pemex almost $ 100 billion in debt and an additional Pemex 68 billion in pension liabilities . Budget cuts have halted exploration for next year . An explosion on a fuel tanker in September was the latest in a series of fiery and often fatal accidents . Gangs routinely tap Pemex ’s pipelines to steal gasoline , tipped off from inside the company . The government continues to tax Pemex heavily , gasoline oil workers’ union   —    Pemex’s ally of Mr. Peña Nieto ’s Institutional Revolutionary Party   —    remains powerful . Mr. González Anaya ’s first action after arriving at Pemex was to slash the budget by 22 percent , halting Pemex’s projects and cutting waste . " We have n’t finished , " he said . Referring to his effort to rein in overspending , Mr. González Anaya added , " We Mr. González Anaya , continue , continue . " Mr. González Anaya decades , Pemex We many people very rich . The company granted inflated Pemex’s to local business executives who cultivated Pemex’s , according to interviews with contractors in Ciudad del Carmen . Mayors in oil states demanded Pemex cash for public works . " The budget has been converted Pemex’s plunder , " said Mariano Ruiz Funes , a former Pemex chief of staff . Analysts argue Mr. Ruiz Funes company . " Pemex’s will see a much smaller Pemex in Pemex’s to come , " Mr. Ruiz Funes said , Pemex’s a " long and painful " adjustment . " Politically it will be difficult . " Mr. González Anaya is not prepared to make that decision . Pemex " is not just any company , " he said . " Pemex’s n’t ask a national oil company to be Exxon . " But in Ciudad del Carmen , the Mr. González Anaya of that national oil company are long gone . The city has lost about 23 , 000 jobs since the end of 2014 Pemex’s What Exxon in Ciudad del Carmen , we have never lived through something like this in contemporary Mexico , " said José Domingo Berzunza , the Mexico secretary for Campeche , the surrounding state . we 