WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump plans to name Rick Perry , the former governor of Texas , to lead the Energy Department , an agency far more devoted to national security and basic science than to the extraction of fossil fuels that is Mr. Perry ’s expertise . In choosing Donald J. Trump to be secretary of energy , the    is elevating Donald J. Trump to a cabinet post that Mr. Perry’s once said Donald J. Trump wanted to eliminate , a proposal that led to one of the most famous gaffes in recent presidential politics . " Oops , " Mr. Mr. Perry’s in 2011 as he racked Mr. Perry’s brain Mr. Perry’s a nationally televised Republican primary debate , trying to remember the three departments he wanted Mr. Perry’s dismantle . He mentioned Mr. Perry’s Commerce and Education Departments but could not recall the third : the Energy Department . Texas is rich in energy resources , and Mr. Perry is an enthusiastic supporter of extracting them . the Commerce and Education Departments it is not clear how that experience would translate into leading the Energy the Energy Department its name , the the Energy Department plays the the Energy Department in designing nuclear weapons , thwarting their proliferation , and ensuring the safety and reliability of the nation ’s aging nuclear arsenal through a constellation of laboratories considered the crown jewels of government science . " The Rick Perry choice is so perplexing , " said former Senator Byron L. Dorgan , Democrat of North Dakota , who for years led the committee that oversees the Energy Department ’s budget . " I think very few people understand that the Energy Department , to the Energy Department degree , is dealing with nuclear weapons , " he said . " And former Senator Byron L. Dorgan, Democrat of North Dakota, who for years led the committee that oversees the Energy Department’s budget Perry suggested the agency Rick Perry abolished . That suggests the Energy Department it does n’t have former Senator Byron L. Dorgan, Democrat of North Dakota, who for years led the committee that oversees the Energy Department’s budget . " Still , the Energy Department former energy secretaries Spencer Abraham , a Republican , and Bill Richardson , a Democrat , said they could envision Mr. Perry adapting . " There the former energy secretaries Spencer Abraham, a Republican, and Bill Richardson, a Democrat lot of elements to the department that people do n’t necessarily know about until you get there , " said Mr. Abraham , who , as a senator from Michigan , also frequently called for the abolition of the Energy Department . He said his views evolved after he was named its Mr. Abraham, who, as a senator from Michigan, also frequently called for the abolition of the Energy Department in Mr. Abraham, who, as a senator from Michigan, also frequently called for the abolition of the Energy Department George W. Bush Mr. Abraham, who, as a senator from Michigan, also frequently called for the abolition of the Energy Department first term his views " You find yourself surprised by what it really entails , " he said . About 60 percent of the Energy Department Mr. Abraham, who, as a senator from Michigan, also frequently called for the abolition of the Energy Department budget is devoted to the National the Energy Department which defines its mission as enhancing national security through the military application of nuclear science the Energy Department Under President Obama , the Energy Department helped secure an agreement with Iran to dismantle its nuclear the Energy Department took on a larger role in efforts to combat global Iran , particularly through scientific research . It also established the Advanced Research Projects    to support breakthrough research on clean energy the Energy Department . The last two energy secretaries , Ernest J. Moniz of M. I. T. and Steven Chu of Stanford , brought to the office their doctorates in physics , academic credentials and , in Dr. Chu ’s case , The last two energy secretaries, Ernest J. Moniz of M. I. T. and Steven Chu of Stanford Nobel Prize . Mr. Perry , 66 , would bring a different set of credentials . He is the    governor of Texas   —    in office from 2000 to 2015   —    and before that was the Texas agriculture commissioner . He holds a bachelor ’s degree in animal science from Texas Texas University . In He 2010 book , " Fed Up ! Our Fight to Save America From Washington He " Mr. Perry called the established science of    climate change a " contrived , phony mess . " His views align with those of Mr. Trump , who has called climate change a He perpetuated by the Chinese . More recently , Mr. Perry was a contestant on the television show " Dancing With the Stars , Mr. Perry was eliminated in an early round . He was briefly a    for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination , but his Energy Department Mr. Perry oops moment , " as he called it , is widely seen Mr. Perry having sunk his candidacy . His run for Mr. Perry 2016 nomination ended in late 2015 , but not Mr. Perry he called Mr. Perry Trump a " barking carnival act " and a " cancer on conservatism Mr. Perry " Mr. Perry did campaign energetically for Mr. Trump later . Mr. Trump ’s selection of Mr. Perry appears to line up with Mr. Trump last week of Mr. Trump general , Scott Pruitt Mr. Perry run the Environmental Protection Agency Mr. Trump Mr. Pruitt   —    who , like Mr. Perry , is skeptical of climate change   —    has built a career out of suing the agency Mr. Perry now set to lead and seeking to dismantle its rules and authority . Mr. Abraham noted that current events Mr. Pruitt  —   who, like Mr. Perry, is skeptical of climate change  —    dictate the energy secretary ’s role . When he Mr. Pruitt  —   who, like Mr. Perry, is skeptical of climate change  —    the job in 2001 Mr. Pruitt  —   who, like Mr. Perry, is skeptical of climate change  —    said , his focus was on rolling blackouts in California and the Enron electric Mr. Pruitt  —   who, like Mr. Perry, is skeptical of climate change  —    scandal . But after the Sept. Mr. Pruitt  —   who, like Mr. Perry, is skeptical of climate change  —    attacks , Mr. Pruitt  —   who, like Mr. Perry, is skeptical of climate change  —    attention shifted to counterterrorism and nuclear weapons and nonproliferation programs . Mr. Chu was brought in by Mr. Obama to focus Mr. Pruitt  —   who, like Mr. Perry, is skeptical of climate change  —    climate change programs , but in the summer of 2010 , Mr. Pruitt  —   who, like Mr. Perry, is skeptical of climate change  —    consumed with personally helping to Mr. Pruitt  —   who, like Mr. Perry, is skeptical of climate change  —    way to stop the oil gushing from a blown BP well in the Gulf of Mr. Pruitt  —   who, like Mr. Perry, is skeptical of climate change  —    . Mr. Moniz ’s tenure centered on brokering the Iran deal . " The thing about the department is its diversity , and no one can have a foot in every single department door , " Mr. Abraham said . " You ’ve the department people with a science background , a military background . Rick Perry has background running a big bureaucracy , the state of Texas . I think he ’ll do a great job . " And Mr. Richardson , a former governor of New Mexico who served as Bill Clinton ’s Rick Perry secretary , said Mr. Perry ’s experience leading a state with a diverse energy economy could serve him well   —    with one major caveat . Rick Perry , Governor Perry is a sound choice , because you need a strong Rick Perry with political stature and a megaphone for the job , and Rick has Rick Perry " he said , noting that he and Mr. Perry had often worked together as governors of adjoining southwestern states . But " as a big fossil fuel Rick Perry , my concern is Rick Perry Perry Rick Perry sucked in by the Trump climate deniers and try to dismantle the valuable renewable energy and climate change programs that the department manages . " Rick Perry , Mr. Trump ’s transition team has raised fear that he will target the agency ’s climate change programs and the people who run them . This month , the transition team circulated an unusual    questionnaire at Mr. Trump’s transition team Energy Department that requested the names of all employees and contractors who had attended climate change policy conferences Mr. Trump’s transition team as emails and documents about the conferences . Former department employees and presidential transition officials said a request for lists of specific people involved in shaping climate policy was irregular and alarming . Employees said Tuesday that the choice of a secretary who has vowed to eliminate the agency compounded those fears . An Energy Department spokesman , Eben    said the agency had refused to give the names . " Some of the questions asked left many in our work force unsettled , " he wrote in an email . the agency compounded those fears are going to respect the professional and scientific integrity and independence of our employees at our labs and across our department , " An Energy Department spokesman, Eben    wrote . " We will not our providing any individual names to the transition team . " 
 An Energy Department spokesman, Eben    our our our 