WASHINGTON   —    Ben Carson , the retired neurosurgeon who ran an outsider ’s campaign for the Republican presidential nomination and later backed Donald J. Trump , is likely to be chosen as secretary of housing and urban development , according to a person close to the Trump transition , suggesting that the    is seeking diversity in an administration that has started off predominantly white and male .   Ben Carson would be the first    member of Mr. Trump ’s cabinet   —    and a familiar face to millions of Americans after a Republican primary campaign in which he   Ben Carson soared to the top of the polls . Mr. Mr. Trump’s begun meeting with a wider array of prospects , either for advice or as potential cabinet picks . He is Mr. Trump’s considering Harold Ford Jr. an    former Democratic representative from Tennessee , for transportation secretary or another post , though that process has not yet become serious , a Trump Mr. Carson Interviewed on Tuesday on the Fox News program " Your World With Neil Cavuto , " Mr. Carson said the    had offered Mr. Carson positions in his Mr. Carson . Asked specifically Mr. Carson the housing job , he replied , " I Mr. Carson say that it was one of the specifically about the housing job on the table . " Mr. Carson ’s job prospects Mr. Carson lost in the recent flurry of speculation about key national security positions , as well as his own misgivings about his qualifications . Mr. Carson on Tuesday , Mr. Carson Carson thrust himself back into the Mr. Carson with an Mr. Carson from Mr. Trump . " I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD Mr. Carson Trump said on Twitter , using the acronym for Mr. Trump of Housing and Urban Development . " I ’ve gotten to know him well   —    he ’s a greatly talented Mr. Carson who loves people ! Mr. Carson In recent days , Mr. Trump has broadened the list of people he is consulting Mr. Trump Michelle Rhee , a former District of Mr. Trump schools chancellor Representative Tulsi Gabbard , the Hawaii Democrat who is the first Hindu member of Congress and Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina , an   . Mr. Ford , with whom he has not yet met , is a regular commentator on the Mr. Trump show " Morning Joe , " whose host , Joe Scarborough , Mr. Trump regularly calls for advice . So far , however , his picks have consisted of five white men : Stephen K. Bannon Mr. Trump chief strategist in the White House , Reince Priebus as chief of staff , Senator Jeff Sessions as attorney general , Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn as national security adviser , and Representative Mike Pompeo as director of the C. I. A. Mr. Trump is also rumored to be close to naming Gen. James N. Mattis as secretary of defense . While not as vocal as other supporters like Rudolph W. Giuliani or Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey , Mr. Carson has been a steadfast backer of Mr. Trump . He went on television to defend him after the Mr. Trump an " Mr. Carson Hollywood " tape in which Mr. Carson Trump spoke about groping women . But his last job was as Mr. Trump pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins University , Mr. Carson he has little background in housing . In the Fox interview , Mr. Carson Mr. Carson his childhood in Detroit and his experience treating Mr. Carson patients as Mr. Carson the job Mr. Carson " I grew up Mr. Carson the inner city , " he said his last job and have spent a lot of time there and have dealt Mr. Carson a lot of patients from that area and recognize that we can not have a strong nation if we have weak inner cities , and we have to get beyond the promises and start we doing something . " " You we , our inner cities are in terrible shape , and they definitely need some real attention , we Mr. Carson continued . " You know , our inner cities have been so many promises made over the last several decades , and nothing has been done , so it certainly is something that has been a    interest of mine , and I ’ll be thinking and praying about it seriously over the holiday . " Mr. Carson ’s remarks were a striking reversal from last week , when a friend of Mr. Carson had turned down an offer from Mr. Trump to be secretary of health and human Mr. Carson , Mr. Carson his lack of experience in running a vast federal bureaucracy . " Dr. Carson feels he has no Mr. Carson experience , he ’s never run a federal agency , " Mr. Carson Armstrong Williams Mr. Carson The Hill newspaper . " Mr. Carson last thing he would want to do was Mr. Carson a position that could cripple the presidency . " The Department of Mr. Carson and Urban Development , which was established by President Lyndon B. Johnson in 1965 , had 8 , 416 employees and an annual budget of $ 32 . 6 billion as of 2014 . On his own Facebook page , Mr. Carson has said he would prefer to remain an outside adviser to Mr. Mr. Carson . " My decision not to seek a Mr. Carson position in the Trump administration has nothing to do with the complexity of the job , as is being reported by the Trump administration , " Mr. Carson said . " I believe it is vitally important for the Trump administration to have many outspoken Mr. Carson advisers who are outside of the Washington bubble . " The relationship between Mr. Carson and Mr. Trump has had its ups and downs . Before the primaries , when Mr. Carson was riding high in the polls , Mr. Trump accused The relationship between Mr. Carson and Mr. Trump rival of having a " pathological temper Mr. Carson He based his accusation on a passage in " Gifted Mr. Trump " Mr. Mr. Trump ’s autobiography , in which he described having a Mr. Trump temper Mr. Trump said that when he became angry , Mr. Carson grabbed the nearest brick , rock Mr. Carson stick to bash someone . " During the debates Mr. Carson however , Mr. Trump generally spared Mr. Carson the cutting remarks he aimed at Jeb Bush and Senator Marco Rubio of Florida . Later Mr. Carson Mr. Carson endorsed Mr. Carson , he conceded that Mr. Carson was difficult to reconcile the bombastic figure on the trail with what he described Mr. Carson more thoughtful Mr. Carson closed doors Mr. Carson " There ’s the one you see on the stage , " Mr. Carson said Mr. Carson " and there ’s the one who ’s very cerebral , sits there and considers things very carefully . " 
 Mr. Carson 