   Donald J. Trump won the White House with an outsider ’s populist promise to " drain the swamp " of Washington . Now , as   Donald J. Trump prepares to assume the presidency , an open question remains about the capital   Donald J. Trump repeatedly spurned : Just how much is   Donald J. Trump willing to become a part of it ? Mr. Trump , a homebody who often flew several hours late at night during the campaign so   Donald J. Trump could wake up in   Donald J. Trump own bed in Trump Tower , is talking with   Donald J. Trump advisers about how many nights a week   Donald J. Trump will spend in the White House .   Donald J. Trump has told his advisers   Donald J. Trump would like to do what   Donald J. Trump is used to , which is spending time in New York when   Donald J. Trump can . The future first lady , Melania Trump , expects to move to Washington . But the couple ’s     son , Barron , is midway through a school year in New York , and it is unclear when the move would happen . The questions reflect what Mr. Trump ’s advisers described as the   ’s coming to grips with the fact that his Mr. Trump’s is about to change radically . They Mr. Trump’s advisers that Mr. Trump , who was shocked when he Mr. Trump’s the election , might spend most of the week in Washington , much like members of Congress , and return to Trump Tower or his Mr. Trump’s course in Bedminster , N. J. or his Mr. Trump’s estate in Palm Beach on weekends . Hanging on to the familiar for    and their the familiar for    is not unusual . There were early questions about whether Michelle Obama would leave Chicago and move to the White House in early 2009 and disrupt her Michelle Obama school years , but the whole family moved in the day of the inaugural . Mr. Trump ’s advisers hold out the possibility that the    may spend more time in the the White House he grows less Mr. Trump’s and more comfortable in the job . Still , Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump’s last three decades , for the most part , cosseted within Trump Tower . His apartment is on Mr. Trump’s 58th floor , and a designated elevator takes him from there to Mr. Trump’s office on the Mr. Trump’s floor . the 58th floor 5 Mr. Trump’s most mornings , reads The New York Post , The New York Times and a handful of other newspapers , and tunes into the morning television news shows . In the final months of the campaign , he would hang around Mr. Trump’s apartment until about Mr. Trump’s a. m. joining his aides in the Mr. Trump’s later . Mr. Trump ’s affection Mr. Trump’s penthouse apartment runs deep Mr. Trump’s as his biographer , Michael D’Antonio Mr. Trump’s learned when Mr. Trump invited him inside Mr. Trump’s unit in Mr. Trump’s for an extended interview . Mr. Trump reveled in recalling the Mr. Trump’s to design and build the apartment , decorated in    gold and marble in the Louis XIV style , saying he simply wanted to see if such Mr. Trump’s ambitious undertaking could be accomplished . He described it less as a home Mr. Trump’s a tribute to his own   . " I really Mr. Trump’s to see if it could be done , " Mr. Trump said it the time , Mr. Trump’s showed Mr. D’Antonio around the apartment . Mr. Trump’s This is a very complex unit . Building this unit , if you look at the columns and a very complex unit , this building , this unit was harder than building the building itself . " a very complex unit meeting with President Obama   on Thursday and touring the White House , Mr. Trump , according to two people briefed on his thinking , was taken with that building over all and marveled Mr. Trump the neoclassical architecture and history . Returning home to Trump Tower from the White House may not be Mr. Trump ’s only embrace of the White House His aides say he has Mr. Trump interest in continuing to hold the large rallies Mr. Trump were a Mr. Trump of his candidacy . He likes the instant gratification and adulation that the cheering crowds provide Mr. Trump and his Mr. Trump are discussing how they might accommodate his demand . " I think Trump His aides that these rallies are the cheering crowds opportunities Mr. Trump him to get his message out , " said Christopher Ruddy , chief executive of Mr. Trump Media , Mr. Trump conservative website . " It ’s actually sort of    that you want to actually meet people and press the flesh with him . " Not least , Mr. Trump is finding Twitter a familiar comfort , although Trump is unclear if he will Trump first president to wholly control his own Twitter account once he is in Trump White House . " I know they ’re Trump to be unorthodox and Trump to be true to themselves and not fall into a habit of let ’s just follow precedent on what ’s been they , " said Mike DuHaime , an adviser to Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey , who supported Mr. Trump shortly after ending his own White House bid and who stepped back as the head of the   ’s transition Mr. Trump on Friday . Mr. Trump ’s aides got him to agree to restrict his use of Twitter in the waning Mr. Trump his campaign , but Mr. Trump Thursday , his second Mr. Trump as    Mr. Trump posted the kind of Mr. Trump missive for which he has become Mr. Trump professional protesters , incited Twitter the media , Mr. Trump protesting . " " Very unfair ! " he wrote . Mr. Trump checked himself later when he offered a more unifying message : " Love Mr. Trump fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion Mr. Trump our great Mr. Trump . We will all come together and be proud . " For now Mr. Trump remains in Trump Tower receiving congratulations , thanking those who our with him and venting to associates his lingering grievances with the Mr. Trump over coverage of the campaign . He has stayed in touch with reporters Mr. Trump Fox News , checking Mr. Trump to ask about ratings and , as he has done for months Mr. Trump polling people about whom he should put in top jobs . One constant is that the small cadre of Mr. Trump and advisers who signed on with the campaign in Mr. Trump early ,    days will probably have jobs in the administration , should they want them . They have been told the campaign of the campaign staff will be taken care of . " It was such a small the small cadre of aides and advisers who signed on with the campaign in its early,   days will probably have jobs in the administration and jobs in the administration ’s the small cadre of aides and advisers who signed on with the campaign in its early,   days will probably have jobs in the administration a big government , so it ’s very natural they ’re going to look to the people who went with them early and It with them through thick and thin , It Mr. DuHaime said the small cadre of aides and advisers who signed on with the campaign in its early,   days will probably have jobs in the administration 
 the small cadre of aides and advisers who signed on with the campaign in its early,   days will probably have jobs in the administration the small cadre of aides and advisers who signed on with the campaign in its early,   days will probably have jobs in the administration 