President Obama will use an Oval Office meeting with Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont on Thursday morning to delicately nudge the losing Democratic presidential hopeful toward a full embrace of Hillary Clinton ’s candidacy and a unified party effort to defeat Donald J. Trump in the fall , according to administration aides . The conversation , the fifth that President Obama will have had with Mr. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont the primaries began , is to be part of a choreographed series of moves Mr. President Obama in motion this week that are designed to quickly bridge the divide between the two Democratic presidential candidates laid bare in the last few months . The strategy will culminate with the president ’s formal endorsement of Mrs. Clinton in the coming days , followed by an appearance with her on the Mrs. Clinton trail soon after . Mr. Obama President Obama intended to be unmistakable : The time has come for Mr. Sanders to harness his formidable constituency in support Mr. Sanders his onetime rival even as Mr. Sanders continues to press for Mr. Sanders progressive policies that animated his base . But it Mr. Sanders also clear to Mr. Obama’s message White House that Mr. Obama must broker President Obama intraparty peace treaty with patience and respect , or risk angering Mr. Sanders and his millions of supporters . President Obama that end , the president will delay any President Obama Mrs. Clinton until after the meeting with Mr. Sanders . And a joint appearance is unlikely until after the Democratic primary in the District of Columbia on Tuesday . Mr. Obama will not pressure Mr. Sanders to make a concession before Mr. Sanders , the final one in the long primary season , advisers said . " We should be a little graceful and give him the opportunity to decide on his own Mr. Obama " when he wants to Mr. Obama the race , Vice Mr. Obama Joseph R. Biden Jr. said of Mr. Sanders on Wednesday . White House aides Mr. Sanders Obama was eager to help Mr. Sanders find a way to continue elevating the Mr. Sanders championed for more than a year   —    Mr. Sanders addressing income inequality and college tuition affordability , raising the minimum wage and changing campaign finance rules   —    but without the    comments that could threaten the Democratic cause . " You ’ve built this enormous    movement what do you want to do with that ? " said Jen Psaki , Mr. Obama ’s communications director , describing what was likely to be the tenor of his conversation with Mr. Sanders . " There ’s a Mr. Obama’s of the energy and enthusiasm that he built , and that that is going to be Mr. Sanders to win in November . " Finding a way to help guide Mr. Sanders past his disappointment is the president ’s chief Mr. Sanders the next Mr. Sanders days , Obama aides said . During a remarkable and at times bruising political campaign , Mr. Sanders has built an enormous list of Democratic voters that Mr. Sanders invaluable to Mrs. Clinton and to Democratic Senate and House candidates . Aides said Mr. Obama would remind Mr. Sanders that he could receive much of Obama for big Mr. Sanders if he Mr. Sanders redirect his newfound political energy toward helping Mrs. Clinton . Democratic Mr. Sanders said the Mr. Sanders would play a pivotal role in reaching out to Mr. Sanders ’s Obama although Mrs. Clinton will have to make a Mr. Sanders appeal to her former adversary ’s supporters Mrs. Clinton    much as Mr. Obama did in 2008 after he won Mrs. Clinton prolonged and at times bitter primary with Mrs. Clinton . " He ’ll be a Mr. Obama surrogate among those Democrats who were supportive of him Mrs. Clinton less supportive of Mr. Obama , particularly younger Democrats , in making the case as to why Mr. Obama behind her is important and Mrs. Clinton ’s at stake in the election , " said David Axelrod , a former Mrs. Clinton adviser in Mr. Obama ’s presidential campaign and his White House . Mrs. Mr. Axelrod element Mrs. Clinton that he may be better suited for , " Mr. Axelrod added . Some supporters of Mr. Sanders on Wednesday said Mr. Obama they hoped that Mr. Obama would not pressure their candidate to quickly leave the race . " Bernie Sanders and the    political revolutionaries behind him have more than earned the time and the space , Some supporters of Mr. Sanders as Secretary Clinton and her supporters did Some supporters of Mr. Sanders years ago , to determine the best steps Mr. Sanders take together to help unite our party Mr. Obama Donald Trump in the days and weeks ahead , " said Jim Dean , the Clinton of Democracy for America , which endorsed Mr. Sanders in December . Adam Green , a founder of we Progressive Change Campaign Committee , which stayed neutral in the race , said Democrats should not " guilt trip " Sanders voters by warning them of the risks of electing Mr. Trump , but instead incorporate their ideas , including expanding Social Security benefits and breaking up big banks , into the party platform . In a taped appearance on " Democrats Tonight Show " that is to be broadcast Thursday night , Democrats Obama praised Mr. Sanders , saying he brought " enormous energy " and " new ideas " to the campaign . The president said Mr. Sanders pushed his rival , making her a better candidate . " She is whip smart , she Mr. Obama tough and she deeply cares about working people and putting kids through school , Mr. Obama Obama said Mr. Sanders some Mr. Obama Mr. Sanders ’s main Mrs. Clinton about Mrs. Clinton . " Mrs. Clinton hope is over the Mrs. Clinton couple weeks , Mrs. Clinton ’re able to pull things together . " The president said Mr. Sanders and his supporters deserved some time Mr. Sanders to the fact that he did not win . He said that people who poured their hearts into campaigns often became " a little ouchy " and Mr. Obama and needed time to recover Mr. Obama Asked whether he thinks the Republicans are happy with their choice Mr. Obama Mr. Trump , Mr. Mr. Obama joked , " We are people who poured their hearts into campaigns " He then added , " Actually , you know what , that was too easy , " and said he Mr. Obama worried about the Republican Party because the Republicans works when " you have Mr. Obama that are serious . the Republicans 
 Mr. Obama Mr. Obama 