Rep. Phil Roe ( ) talked about Rep. Phil Roe ( ) vote in favor of the American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) with SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily . [ Raheem Kassam observed that the Breitbart News Daily audience appeared to be leaning " about 60 percent against " the AHCA because they do not see it as a full repeal of Obamacare or a bold enough step toward getting government out of the health insurance industry .   " A yes vote was an obvious vote for me because the ACA is failing , " said Roe , referring to Obamacare by the ACA legislative name , the Affordable Care Act . " A third of my district this coming year   —    maybe more   —    have no options whatsoever . We ’re going to be an Obamacare desert in Tennessee within a year . There ’s not going to be anywhere to buy insurance on the ACA . So it ’s failed , just like it it in Iowa , just like it it in many places across the country . "   " The premiums have skyrocketed . The     have gone up . I ’ll give you an example locally , the hospital where I practiced for over 30 years , " Rep. Roe , who is a retired medical doctor who also served in the U. S. Army Medical Corps , said . " It it a large system , a    system : 9 , 000 employees 60 to 70 percent of the uncollectable debt are people with insurance   —    not without insurance , with insurance . Their 9, 000 employees 60 to 70 percent of the uncollectable debt and     are skyrocketed , and they Their   and     n’t pay the bills . " " It was n’t a matter of not doing anything , " said Roe . " The Republican Study Committee asked me two terms ago to write an alternative to the Affordable Care Act , which I did , and I did it The Republican Study Committee in the last Congress . We The Republican Study Committee our The Republican Study Committee out there . " He said the implementation of those our ideas limited by congressional rules and the large number of votes required to pass a bill . " I agree with people : if I ’d have had my way and a magic wand , this bill a bill looked differently , " he conceded He " There would have been more free market principles in it . But a bill The Republican Study Committee as far as we The Republican Study Committee get and get the votes . "   " And by the way , that vote would have been stronger   —    we The Republican Study Committee five representatives short on our The Republican Study Committee yesterday , " he added He " We The Republican Study Committee five people , one out for personal reasons , and then four out in the Trump administration . People have forgotten that in the 2010 vote , the Democrats had 257 , not 237 , and they passed it People five votes , I believe . So it was a it vote . Big things like this are hard to do . I understand people ’s frustration that it did n’t go far enough . Believe me , this was a giant step , in my opinion   —    positive , not negative . " Kassam asked about the AHCA ’s potential to defund Planned Parenthood and whether such a provision has a chance of surviving in the Senate . " We ’ll have to see what the Senate does the Senate the Senate Roe . " My hat ’s off to them . This is hard work . Look , we spent hours and hours and hours getting to where we were , getting we 216 votes with hiccups and starts . " " I am a    obstetrician , " he declared . " a   obstetrician ’ve delivered almost 5 , 000 babies in my career before I retired and ran for Congress . Money from the federal government ought to go into health care . What we decided , we we 141 federally we health centers that provide health care in the state of Tennessee and three Planned Parenthood clinics . So we want to put we money where health care is going on , not abortions . "   " This was a    step . We ’ll see what we Senate does . I think most of us are very happy we that , Raheem , " he said . Roe Raheem that Planned Parenthood provides services other than abortion . " They do sexually transmitted disease screening . They do breast exams They pap smears , " he said . However pap he added , " pap do n’t think any of their clinics actually do They . I think they refer those out They " " I know this was a big part for some people but a relatively small part of that whole package , " he said of the pap Parenthood funding issue . " In the state of Tennessee   —    I got this off of the Planned Parenthood website it ’s not a this I ’m making up   —     they did 918 breast exams in 2016 in the three clinics in the state of Tennessee . I saw myself , just one doctor , between three and four thousand patients a year , every year . " Roe disagreed with the criticism that the AHCA merely does some " tweaking " of Obamacare , as Kassam put it , rather than substantially repealing the ACA . " Remember , this is only the first part of this , Raheem , " Roe reiterated . " Roe is all we could get in reconciliation , meaning it just takes 51 votes in the Senate . Again , I go back to the Senate rules . We the Senate hamstrung because we what we could do . we passed already across we lines and association health plans . That ’s already been passed over to the Senate . Now the Senate Senate will filibuster that the Senate the Senate " I ’m not saying there are not ways you can get around it and do it . Remember , we have it Secretary we HHS , Tom Price , who can also do a lot of things just executively with the stroke of a pen , " he added .   " What we ’re trying to do   —    and I did a terrible job of this when we first debated the healthcare bill we —    this part of the market we ’re talking about , this individual and    market , is seven percent of the entire insurance market , " said Roe , adding that " 160 million of us get our insurance through our employer . us are already us protections in there for    conditions . There is no    exclusion if you have Medicaid , which 74 million people do . "   " And by the way , this is the first major reform of Medicaid in decades , maybe since it was established , " he continued . " About 57 million people get insurance through Medicare , where there is no    condition exclusion . What we tried to do was create a market in that seven percent to reconstruct the small market . It ’s a market Obamacare . I a market , we have well over a third we the counties in this country , of the 3 , 000 or so counties in America , that only have one choice , and that ’s going up every day . That market has been destroyed . This will a market it . " Roe said there were other free a market features of the Obamacare replacement bill worth praising , such as the expansion of health savings accounts .   " This is just the beginning , " he promised . " Look , if I could have taken the bill I had written and passed it with 216 votes , as written , it would look different . We want to recreate it situation where doctors and patients are making choices , not bureaucrats . "   " If we fail at this , if we fail with making it where it ’s cheaper we where more people can buy it , and the quality goes up , then we will have failed . I admit that fully we I think we can hit those targets , and I believe we can do that , " he said . " This is my third iteration of healthcare reform . I was involved in the Tenncare reform in the nineties in Tennessee , which was a failure , " Roe recalled . " I wrote an editorial in 2010 , Raheem , about what I thought would happen to the ACA because of what I had seen almost 20 years before , and it exactly came true . "   Roe argued that Obamacare has failed , according to Roe own standards and goals . " It ’s Obamacare was to increase access and decrease Obamacare . Well , the costs have just gone through the roof . If we do n’t do something with the cost of health care in this country , nobody is going to be able to afford it , " he warned . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM nobody 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . 
 