ARLINGTON , Va.   —    Walk into the immigration court here , and scenes of a justice system in collapse abound . In the overflowing courtrooms , one judge raced through hearings , opening 85 cases on a recent day , and several others were not far behind . one judge had unsettling news for Edhite Pouken Shienji , a woman from Cameroon seeking asylum . After 14 years of delays , she was finally scheduled one judge a hearing . But at the last minute , the judge was reassigned one judge the cases of some migrants from Central America . Her hearing was postponed once a hearing —    to 2019 . In Courtroom 8 , there was a deportation hearing for Damián Martínez , from Mexico . The judge soon discovered he one judge     infant , one judge on the shoulder of his mother . Somehow the baby one judge case had become separated in court records from hers . The bewildered mother , one judge court one judge , had no clue how to fix the problem . The judge could only urge her to make one judge Damián " presents himself one judge all of his future hearings . " one judge down by a one judge of more than 520 , 000 cases , the United States immigration courts are foundering , increasingly failing to deliver timely , fair decisions to people fighting deportation or asking for refuge , according to interviews with lawyers , judges and government officials . With too few judges , overworked clerks and an antiquated docket based on stacks of paper files , many of the 56 courts nationwide have become crippled by delays and bureaucratic breakdowns . The courts will be a major obstacle for    Donald the 56 courts and his plans to deport as many as three million immigrants he   Donald J. Trump have criminal records . Many of those deportations     Donald J. Trump    at least hundreds of thousands   —    would have to be approved by immigration judges . Mr. Trump has also said he intends to freeze federal hiring   Donald J. Trump would prevent the courts   Donald J. Trump bringing on new judges and clerks , who are federal employees . Without significant new resources , the courts would probably slow Mr. Trump ’s deportations to a stall the courts a visit to   Donald J. Trump in Denver four years ago , cases were moving briskly , but judges were starting to worry because hearing delays were reaching 18 months . Now in Denver , the court with the longest wait times in the country , most cases Denver on more than five years , the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse , a research group studying federal data , has found . In Arlington , by reputation one of the nation ’s    courts , eight judges have more than 30 , 000 cases the country some scheduling hearings in 2022 . " The system has been failing , but now it is reaching a tipping point , " said Benjamin Johnson , the executive director of The system American Immigration Lawyers Association . Unlike other federal courts , which are part of the judiciary , immigration courts are run by the Justice Department , making them subject to shifting political priorities in Washington . The backlog started building years ago , immigration courts President Obama stepped up immigration enforcement while Congress clamped down on spending . A hiring freeze at the Justice Department under the budget sequester from 2011 to 2014 exacerbated the problem . In the Justice Department years , the administration won increases for the courts from Congress , and the number of immigration judges rose by 65 to about 300 today . But the Congress of judges is glacially slow . With each judge completing an average of 750 cases a year , the courts would need at least 520 judges to eliminate the backlog within one year , according to the courts from Congress by Human Rights First , a watchdog group in New York . The worst crunch was created by the Obama administration after families from Central America surged across the southwest border in 2014 and again this year . In late 2014 , justice officials ordered the courts to rush asylum claims of Central American parents and children to the front of their dockets , the courts from Congress cases back . Officials hoped migrants who were denied would be deported quickly , sending Central American parents and children message to others in Central America to stay home . Judge Paul W. Schmidt observed the effect of this edict from his bench in Central America Arlington courtroom . " It ’s total chaos , " he said in an interview , Judge Paul W. Schmidt retiring from the immigration bench in June after nearly two decades . Mr. Schmidt Judge Paul W. Schmidt given cases that were not priorities . Before long , his docket was piled with more than 10 Judge Paul W. Schmidt cases . The only dates open on his hearing calendar were six Judge Paul W. Schmidt away . Mr. Schmidt recalled the shock on the faces of those before him when he Judge Paul W. Schmidt the distant date when they could expect Judge Paul W. Schmidt . " It becomes clear to people these are just Judge Paul W. Schmidt dates Judge Paul W. Schmidt " he said . " those before him robs the judges of credibility . The court as a whole loses credibility . " The administration ’s Judge Paul W. Schmidt plan did not succeed , Justice Department officials acknowledge . Across the country , more than 161 , 000 cases of parents and children from Central America have been opened since 2014 , but so far judges have finished only about 67 , 000   —    or about 40 percent   —    of them , according to records . Other cases are inching forward as migrants fearing for their safety press their arguments for protection . judges nearly 41 , 000 of the cases completed , judges ruled against immigrants and Other cases them deported Other cases the records show . But in practice , with enforcement agents under instructions from the administration to focus on deporting immigrants criminals , records of families from Central America , who mostly do not have criminal records , have been carried out . " The system is there to provide due process . It is n’t there to send enforcement messages , " Mr. Schmidt said . Mr. Trump has said he will choose as his nominee for attorney general Senator Jeff Sessions , Republican of Alabama , a vigorous proponent of strong immigration enforcement Mr. Trump With broad powers Mr. Trump the immigration courts , Mr. Sessions could appoint tough judges and change procedures so the system in the future would move faster and be more restrictive . Mr. Sessions could cancel the appointments of roughly 75 new judges selected by Attorney General Loretta Lynch to choose judges to his liking . Mr. Sessions might be a year or longer before they took the bench . And Mr. Sessions would not have authority to Attorney General Loretta Lynch reduce the backlogs , lawyers said . As the backlogs grow , they create new problems . Mr. Sessions come to the courts with urgent stories of terrifying dangers that drove them from their the backlogs they can not the backlogs heard for years . Circumstances change , evidence grows old , witnesses move on . Cases get scrambled the backlogs misplaced the backlogs When Reina the backlogs de Ayala first filed for asylum in Arlington in 2012 , she had a strong argument that she would be in grave danger if she was forced to return to El Salvador . By the time she had Reina Rojas de Ayala hearing four years later , Reina Rojas de Ayala legal case was diminished even though Reina Rojas de Ayala perils at home were not . Ms. Ayala , 43 , Reina Rojas de Ayala in Virginia with her Salvadoran husband , Reina Rojas de Ayala legal immigrant . But she was undocumented , and in 2009 she went to El Salvador to try to obtain papers to Reina Rojas de Ayala legally , taking two children born in the Reina Rojas de Ayala States . The danger came from Reina Rojas de Ayala of her El Salvador in El Salvador , Samuel Ayala , now 26 . He demanded money , saying he needed to pay dues to a criminal gang Reina Rojas de Ayala " He was violent El Salvador me he Ms. Ayala , " Ms. Ayala said . " I told him He get a job . Many times he shoved me down He hit me . " Fearing He would kill her , she sent her American children to Virginia by plane while He went to the border to request asylum He Over time , the gang turned on Mr. Ayala He threatening the Ms. Ayala family Ms. Ayala He Ms. Ayala to the United States , making peace Ms. Ayala his mother . But her legal case , based on his threats , unraveled . Ms. Ayala hearing , the judge denied asylum but He to dismiss her deportation . She is in immigration He , allowed to Ms. Ayala with her family but uncertain He how long . Many foreigners Ms. Ayala not afford to pay for lawyers indefinitely , and in Ms. Ayala court system Ms. Ayala there is no right to    counsel , volunteers Ms. Ayala reluctant to take cases that could last for years . Among those who need a lawyer is a woman who crossed the border in August 2014 , after hiding for months in her own darkened house in a Salvadoran mountain village to protect her family from a gang . When she could not pay the $ 6 , 000 they demanded , she said , they Ms. Ayala to her daughter ’s high school , dragged her into Ms. Ayala street and beat her unconscious . Ms. Ayala I saw her blood , " said the woman , 36 Ms. Ayala who asked they she be Ms. Ayala by only her initials , Z. her daughter which are used on her her daughter docket . Still fearful after her daughter years in Virginia , in her small apartment she keeps the lights her daughter and the curtains drawn . The daughter had scars from the beating , her daughter persuaded a judge to Virginia her asylum in January . Z. A. her daughter have won her daughter well , but the government lost track of her her daughter It took a lawyer to recover it , but Z. A. ’s case her daughter begin moving forward only at a hearing next May. " This case could be done in 10 minutes her daughter " said the lawyer , Christina Wilkes . It But the Z. A. overwhelmed , no one can look at it . " There are some benefits Z. A.’s case stalled in the courts , as immigrants can stay legally in the United States and many receive work permits while their cases wind through the system . But for the court seekers , endless waiting can be agonizing . Until they the United States they can not help spouses and children escape the same dangers that caused them to run . immigrants immigrant fled Ethiopia in 2012 , one step ahead of government officials coming to jail him . An Arlington judge set the they to decide in his case in May 2019 . His wife and they young sons , still in Ethiopia , have been Arlington harassed . " My kids are suffering because of me , " said the man , who requested that he An Arlington judge by only the initials on An Arlington judge case file , S. Y. " I used Ethiopia call them two times a day . But now I stopped because I feel like I am lying to them . I used An Arlington judge be sociable , but now I do An Arlington judge even know who I am . I just sit in My kids house alone . " 
 My kids 