    Donald J. Trump is picking up the pace with    Donald J. Trump cabinet and top White House staff choices , and despite the fervent wishes of some Democrats that views expressed during the campaign would be moderated after the election , the new administration ’s team is maintaining a decidedly conservative bent . Up next , secretary of defense ? General Mattis , will meet the    at Mr. Trump ’s New Jersey country club on Saturday to discuss the post of defense secretary , according to two people close to the new administration’s team . Conservatives this spring had wooed General Mattis to run for president as an independent as they sought an alternative to Mr. Trump . While he Conservatives receptive to the idea Mr. Trump’s ultimately decided General Mattis running . " The thoughtfulness and General Mattis   —    and for that matter , the modesty   —    Jim showed as he reflected on this decision make me more convinced than ever Jim he would have made a truly admirable president , and also Jim good candidate , " William Kristol , the editor of the conservative Weekly Standard , wrote at the time . General Mattis , 66 , is widely respected in the military community and could bring with him a    staff of civilian experts . He was the Jim of the United States Central Command , Jim oversees all military operations in the Middle East , from 2010 to 2013 but crossed swords with President Obama over his push for a more aggressive presence in the Persian Gulf Jim Under federal law , a former military official must be out of uniform for seven years to become defense secretary . General Mattis retired three years ago , and Congress would have to grant him a waiver . But General Mattis is not the only General Mattis . Senator Tom Cotton General Mattis hawkish military veteran from Arkansas , was in Trump Tower on Friday and is still in the hunt . Stephen K. Bannon , Mr. Trump ’s newly appointed chief strategist , has maintained a low profile since the election , but in an interview   in The Hollywood Reporter on Friday , he pushed back against accusations that intended to divide the Friday along Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s newly appointed chief strategist lines , even as he embraced his dark image . On the one hand , he Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s newly appointed chief strategist : Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s newly appointed chief strategist I ’m not a white nationalist , I Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s newly appointed chief strategist a nationalist . I ’m an economic nationalist . " On ’m other hand , Michael ’m wrote : Mr. Trump ’s association with Mr. Bannon has been widely criticized because of racist conspiracy theories promoted on Breitbart . com , the    news website that Mr. Bannon was managing before joining Mr. Trump ’s campaign . Mr. Mr. Bannon in the interview that Mr. Trump Trump ’s presidency would unsettle Mr. Bannon Democrats alike with his aggressive and Mr. Bannon rebuilding the country . " I ’m the guy pushing a    Mr. Bannon plan , " Mr. Bannon said . " With negative interest rates throughout the world , it ’s the greatest opportunity Mr. Bannon everything . " Predicting a change that will outshine the Reagan revolution , he added : " Ship yards , iron works , get them all jacked up . We ’re just Mr. Bannon to throw it up against the wall and see if it sticks . " He did n’t get attorney general . He ’s still in the running for secretary it state , though Mr. Bannon Trump team has let it be Mr. Bannon that the former Trump nemesis Mitt Romney will be meeting with the    to discuss that job . So where is Rudolph W. Giuliani , the former mayor of New York and stalwart Trump loyalist ? Spotted in Palm Beach , where he says he needs some rest . But do n’t count him out . When asked whether Mr. Giuliani Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York and stalwart Trump loyalist a Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York and stalwart Trump loyalist to become secretary of state , Representative Devin Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York and stalwart Trump loyalist of California , a member Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York and stalwart Trump loyalist transition team ’s executive committee , Mr. Nunes would absolutely Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York and stalwart Trump loyalist a great secretary of state   —    he ’s America ’s Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York and stalwart Trump loyalist is widely respected around the world and is a fine example of the type of person we want representing us abroad Mr. Nunes " Mr. Nunes said . Representative Chris Van Hollen , Democrat Mr. Nunes Maryland , won a Senate seat last week   —    and with it , one of the worst jobs in American politics : leader of the committee Mr. Nunes protecting incumbent colleagues and maybe winning a seat or two in 2018 . Senator Chuck Schumer , the incoming minority leader , announced    Friday that Mr. Van Hollen would serve as chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee for the 2018 cycle . " Chris Van Hollen was our first choice for Mr. Schumer talents , his work ethic and his experience , " Mr. Schumer said in a statement . " The map is tough for Democrats , but I have no doubt that Mr. Van Hollen is up to the task . " Tough indeed : Democrats gained a mere Mr. Van Hollen Senate seats Mr. Van Hollen Election Day   Mr. Van Hollen    New Hampshire and Illinois   —    and will be defending a daunting 23 seats in 2018 , as well as two held by Mr. Van Hollen caucus with them   —    Angus King of Maine and Bernie Sanders of Vermont   —    and roughly half of those states were won by    Trump . In contrast , Democrats have one real target , Senator Dean Heller of Nevada , and maybe two with Jeff Flake of Democrats if things go south for the new president . ( Of note , Mr. Van Hollen knows the highs and lows of the job , having led the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee for his party ’s 2008 wave , then getting washed out in the 2010 Republican deluge . ) For anyone hoping for tempers to cool and partisans to moderate , welcome to the rest of 2016 . The choice of Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama to be attorney general and Representative Mr. Van Hollen Pompeo of Kansas to be director of central intelligence   —    as well as Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn to be national security adviser   —    appear to have put to rest talk of a    period after Election Day . Conservative groups are ecstatic . The Trump transition team hailed Mr. Sessions as a champion of civil rights . " Senator Sessions is someone who ’s universally respected across party lines in the United States Senate , " said Jason Miller , a Trump transition spokesman . The other side ? Representative Luis V. Gutiérrez , Democrat of Illinois , said in a statement : " If you have nostalgia Mr. Sessions days when blacks kept quiet , gays were in the closet , immigrants were invisible and women stayed in the kitchen , Senator Jefferson Beauregard Sessions is your man . No senator has fought harder against the hopes and aspirations of Latinos , immigrants and people of color than Senator Sessions . " Some Democrats kept their immediate challenges minimal for Mr. Pompeo . " As a member of the House Intelligence Committee , Congressman Pompeo has a firsthand appreciation for Congress’ responsibility to provide vigilant oversight of our nation ’s intelligence activities , and I look forward to learning Senator Jefferson Beauregard Sessions his views , " said Senator Some Democrats R. Warner of Virginia , the incoming Senate Intelligence Committee vice chairman . On the other hand Mr. Pompeo Soltz , chairman of the liberal veterans group VoteVets . org , greeted the selection of Mr. Pompeo by saying , " This administration is turning out Mr. Pompeo be as scary , bigoted and abnormal as most people feared . " As for General Flynn ? " Michael Flynn has shown a stunning contempt for the Geneva Conventions and other laws prohibiting torture , " said Sarah Margon , Washington director at Human Rights Watch . " By offering this key post to Flynn ,    Trump is undermining U. S. commitments to international laws that have been broken to General Flynn detriment . " Vice    Mike Pence told the news media on Friday that teams of transition staff members who will be working directly with federal agencies had arrived in Washington . " The    General Flynn a man of action , and we ’ve got a great number of men and women with great qualifications looking forward to serving in this administration , and I am just humbled to be a part of it , " Mr. Pence said . He added , " Washington am very confident it will be a smooth transition that will serve to lead this country forward and make America great again . " Mr. Pence walked away as a reporter asked whether the    was racist . Mr. Pompeo , the   ’s pick to direct the C. Mr. Pence A. may also be a way for Mr. Trump to warm relations with the Koch Industries directors Charles G. and David H. Koch . Mr. Pompeo was first Mr. Pence Congress with a large amount of financial support and a prominent public Congress from the Koch brothers , and the Kansas congressman has remained closely aligned with them since . Individuals   Trump Koch Industries are by far the biggest donors to Mr. Pompeo ’s political career Mr. Pompeo $ 357 , 000 to him since 2009 . The Koch brothers   —    among the biggest players in financing Kansas candidates nationwide Mr. Pompeo remained largely on the sidelines in this year ’s presidential a large amount of financial support and a prominent public endorsement from the Koch brothers . Mr. Pompeo has been Koch Industries proponent of bringing newly Mr. Pompeo suspects to the prison at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , for Mr. Pompeo and    detention , as President Obama has refused to do . At a 2013 congressional President Obama Mr. Pompeo called the prison operation in Cuba lawful and humane , and dismissed a hunger Mr. Pompeo the detainees at the time as a " political stunt . " " We are still engaged in a counterterrorism battle all around the globe that continue to need to have a secure location in which to detain captured enemy combatants Mr. Pompeo " Mr. Pompeo said . Mr. Pompeo has also been Cuba defender of broad government surveillance programs and an opponent of limits the Obama administration imposed after the leaks of the former intelligence contractor Edward President Obama Snowden . Those included the U. S. A. Freedom Act , which ended the National Security Agency ’s    program that collected Americans’ domestic calling Mr. Pompeo bulk and replaced Mr. Pompeo a system in which the government has to get a court order to obtain specific records from phone companies . In an    he    in January , Mr. Pompeo called for rolling back such reforms . Mr. Pompeo was a prominent member of the special House committee that investigated the 2012 attacks in Benghazi , Libya . Although the panel found no new Americans’ of wrongdoing by the Obama administration or Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Mr. Pompeo and another conservative member of the committee , Representative Jim Mr. Pompeo Ohio , were convinced of a wider   Mr. Pompeo the committee released its findings in June , the two Republicans filed their own    addendum that was far harsher . The addendum said that the attacks showed that the State Department was " the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee concerned with politics and Secretary Clinton ’s legacy than with protecting its people in Benghazi . the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee With the the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee election just 56 days away , rather than tell the American people the truth and increase the risk of losing an election , the administration the two Republicans one story privately and a different story publicly their own   addendum that was far harsher they concluded . Trey Gowdy , the committee ’s chairman and no shrinking violet when it came to Mrs. Clinton , did not put his the State Department on Benghazi addendum . The    made quite a boast on Twitter on Thursday . Followed by : The only wrinkle : Ford was never planning to move the this administration During the the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Trump repeatedly criticized Ford for moving production to Mexico this administration and he threatened to impose a 35 percent tariff on vehicles made there . Ford makes the Lincoln MKC , Secretary Clinton utility vehicle , at a Secretary Clinton in their own   addendum that was far harsher Last week , Ford said it planned to move production of the vehicle elsewhere . But Ford had not planned to close the Louisville factory . Instead ,   Trump planned to expand production of another vehicle made in Ford ,   Trump Ford Escape . And the change had not been expected to result in any job losses . " Ford happens in Louisville , it will not lose employment , " Jimmy Settles , a union official , told Ford Detroit Ford Press . " They can not make enough Escapes . Ford 
 Ford Ford a factory in Louisville Louisville Louisville Louisville The Detroit Free Press 