   Donald J. Trump has reached into Western Michigan royalty to pick Betsy DeVos as   Donald J. Trump education secretary and is looking at Ben Carson to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development . Meantime , Hillary Clinton has widened Hillary Clinton lead in the popular vote to 1 . 5 percentage points , a spread not seen for a losing candidate since the disputed election of 1876 .   Donald J. Trump ’s choice of Betsy Betsy DeVos be his   Donald J. Trump his education secretary Michigan royalty into the Trump fold , but she was Betsy DeVos always a fan . Mrs. DeVos Betsy DeVos Mr.   Donald J. Trump the campaign , and spent much of the year raising money for other Republicans on the ballot . " Until we have a better reason to embrace and support the top of the ticket , and see an agenda that is truly an opportunity agenda , then we have lots of other options we which to invest and spend our time helping , " she we in May. The DeVos family , heirs to the Amway fortune , has long been a leading source of money for Republicans in Michigan and beyond . Just in the last three elections before 2016 , members of the family gave nearly $ 9 . 5 million to party committees and candidates . Mrs. DeVos had money of her own before she married Richard Mrs. DeVos Jr. the Mrs. DeVos scion . Her father , Edgar Prince , Mrs. DeVos his own auto parts supplier , she married Richard DeVos Jr. the Amway scion Holland , Mich. Her brother , Erik Prince , Mrs. DeVos Blackwater USA , a private security contractor whose guards were convicted of killing 14 civilians in Baghdad in 2007 . The National Education Association , the nation ’s largest teachers’ union , was quick to voice its opposition to Ms. DeVos . The National Education Association nominees chosen for C. I. A. national security adviser , secretary of education and ambassador to the United Nations , the next pick is expected to be the retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development . That could be official as early as Friday . Mr. Trump posted on Twitter that he was " seriously considering " Mr. Trump Carson , a former rival in the Republican primaries , as housing secretary . The department is no small corner the Department of Housing and Urban Development government . Its programs fund public housing , subsidize the Department of Housing and Urban Development for the poor , promote homeownership and work to revitalize struggling cities . And housing policy has been in a deep freeze since the Great Recession , when the nominally independent mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac collapsed and fell under federal control . For nearly a decade , the mortgage industry has basically been government run , with much of its profits going right into the Treasury the mortgage industry Mr. Carson would have a big role in figuring out how to move forward . Writing in the conservative Washington Times last year , Mr. Carson let it be known that Mr. Carson no fan of government intervention in Mr. Carson housing market , specifically to force racial integration . With new votes tallied from New Jersey , Illinois , Maryland and California , Mrs. Clinton ’s popular vote lead reached 2 , 017 , 563 overnight , prompting new calls for an audit of voting machines in battleground states . Mrs. Clinton ’s lead now exceeds the winning Mrs. Clinton seven presidents , five of whom also won the Electoral College . And it has given rise to a push from liberal activists to demand audits in three states won narrowly by Mr. Trump : Michigan , Wisconsin and Pennsylvania . The University of Michigan computer scientist J. Alex Halderman posted an extensive explanation on Wednesday . Nate Cohn , who wrote of voter projections and analyzed polls for The New York Times , is n’t buying it . Mainly , it would seem , Mrs. Clinton ’s record losing lead is pointing toward a structural disadvantage Democrats have with the Electoral College : Their voters are too concentrated in the bright blue Democrats of the West Coast and Northeast . Democrats have now won the popular vote in six of the last seven presidential elections , but lost two of them ( Al Gore in 2000 , and Mrs. Democrats ) in the Electoral College . After Mrs. Clinton created when Ivanka the Electoral College started hawking a bracelet worn by Ms. Trump during a " 60 Minutes " appearance as part of the new first family , Ivanka     and      are beginning to disengage . At least on Instagram , Facebook and elsewhere . On Monday , a public letter from Ivanka Trump HQ noted ( in part ) : The separation follows another public letter from the designer Sophie Theallet announcing that she would refrain from dressing Melania Trump and encouraging her fellow designers the designer Sophie Theallet do the same . One more such open Melania Trump and we will have a new fashion trend . When Anthony Scaramucci , the hedge fund titan and Trump adviser , floated Mr. Scaramucci Post , the singer ’s response was swift : No way . He did , after all , say in October , " We need a humanitarian in the White House , not a barbarian . " Pity . Mr. Scaramucci was counting on the diversity statement , telling The Post :    Trump has chosen Gov. Nikki Haley of South Carolina , the daughter Melania Trump Indian immigrants , to The New York Post ambassador to the United Nations , the transition team announced Wednesday Melania Trump Mr. Trump , whose presidential run was buoyed by an uncompromising stance against immigration , has mostly chosen older white men for cabinet posts in assembling his new team . Her move would eventually elevate South Carolina ’s lieutenant governor , Henry McMaster , an early and vocal the transition team Trump ’s . Ms. Haley backed Senator Marco Rubio of Florida during the primaries . Mr. Trump arrived on Tuesday night in Florida to celebrate Thanksgiving at his private club ,     in Palm Beach , a visit intended Mr. Trump the    some time with his Florida , and he is Mr. Trump planning a packed schedule for Wednesday . But officials familiar with the transition process say that he will Mr. Trump busy deliberating his Mr. Trump selections and may announce a domestic appointment before taking a quick break from work . The trip is Mr. Trump first time since Mr. Mr. Trump was elected president that he has visited his Florida club , which played host to a few primary night victory parties . President Obama will , for the last time , take he on Wednesday in one of our country ’s odder Thanksgiving traditions : the annual pardoning of the turkeys at the White House . Two turkeys , named Tater and Tot , will get the ritual absolution and move on to a nice home at Virginia Tech , even though only one of them will become the official national Thanksgiving turkey . It will be up to President Trump to do the honors   —    or not Two turkeys, named Tater and Tot should he choose otherwise   —    next year . Democrats will try to weigh in legislatively on Mr. Trump ’s business holdings next week . President Trump Benjamin L. Cardin of Maryland , the senior Democrat on the Foreign Affairs Committee , says President Trump a " sense of Congress " resolution stating that the new president should convert his substantial holdings in a way to avoid entanglements with Senator Benjamin L. Cardin of Maryland, the senior Democrat on the Foreign Affairs Committee governments . If he does not do so , or unless Congress specifically authorizes his conduct the new president Mr. Trump would be considered in potential violation of the Constitution . The the new president is unlikely to see the light of day in the the new president Senate , the new president will be part of what is expected to be a a "sense of Congress" resolution stating that the new president should convert his substantial holdings in a way to avoid entanglements with foreign governments by Democrats to shine a light on the   ’s business dealings . As Mrs. a "sense of Congress" resolution stating that the new president should convert his substantial holdings in a way to avoid entanglements with foreign governments ’s lead in the popular vote grows , some of her most ardent supporters are clinging to hope that she could still win the election . A Change . org petition has garnered more than four million signatures urging Mrs. Clinton College " electors " in some states to Mrs. Clinton the will of the voters and back Mrs. Clinton , reminding them that they could do so without any legal penalty . The electors will cast their ballots on Dec. 19 . On Twitter , the Mrs. Clinton auditthevote and # the voters have the voters rallying cries for supporters of Mrs. Clinton who are directing people to The electors the Justice Department with telephone calls about voting irregularities . The push is also taking place on Facebook , where calls are Mrs. Clinton a full investigation into Russia ’s role in the election . Even the sister of Huma Abedin , a top aide to Mrs. Clinton , weighed in , noting the tantalizingly slim Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton would need to make up in three swing states Mrs. Clinton    Michigan , Wisconsin and Pennsylvania   —    to come out Wisconsin top in the Electoral College . " They are starting to recognize there really is something the Electoral College election results as they come in , " Heba Abedin wrote . " Considering everything that is at stake , a vote audit should be done . " 
 They 