There was the time Donald J. Trump told Larry King that Donald J. Trump had been paid more than $ 1 million to give a speech about Donald J. Trump business acumen when in fact Donald J. Trump was paid $ 400 , 000 . Or the time Donald J. Trump sought a bank loan claiming a net worth of $ 3 . 5 billion in 2004 , four times as much as what the bank found when the bank checked Donald J. Trump math . Or the time Donald J. Trump boasted that membership to Trump National Golf Club in Westchester County , N. Y. cost $ 300 , 000 when the actual initiation fee was $ 200 , 000 . Or the time Donald J. Trump bragged on CNBC about Donald J. Trump new Trump International Hotel and Tower in Las Vegas , claiming , " We have 1 , 282 units , and they sold out in less than a week . " As Mr. Trump knew , more than 300 units had not been sold . Confronted in a court case about this last untruth , Mr. Trump was anything but chagrined . " I ’m talking to a television station , " he Mr. Trump . " We do want to put the best spin on the property . " As Mr. Mr. Trump to claim the Republican nomination for president this week , he and Mr. Trump supporters Mr. Trump sure to laud his main Mr. Trump card   —    his long Mr. Trump operatic record as a swaggering business tycoon . And without question , there will be successes aplenty to highlight , from his gleaming Mr. Trump    to his    Mr. Trump resorts , hit TV shows and    books . But a survey of Mr. Trump ’s four decades of wheeling and dealing also reveals an equally operatic record of dissembling and deception , some of it unabashedly confirmed by Mr. Trump himself , who nearly 30 years ago first extolled the business advantages of " truthful hyperbole . " Indeed , based on the mountain of court records churned out over the span of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , it is hard to find a project he touched that did not produce allegations of broken promises , blatant lies or outright fraud . Under the intense scrutiny of a presidential election , many of those allegations have already become familiar campaign fodder : the Trump University students and Trump condo buyers Mr. Trump say they were fleeced the Trump University students and Trump condo buyers who say they were fleeced the public servants from New Jersey to Scotland who now say they rue the zoning approvals, licenses or tax breaks they gave based on Mr. Trump’s public servants from New Jersey to Scotland who now say they rue the the Trump University students and Trump condo buyers who say they were fleeced the public servants from New Jersey to Scotland who now say they rue the zoning approvals, licenses or tax breaks they gave based on Mr. Trump’s approvals , licenses or tax breaks they gave based the Trump University students and Trump condo buyers who say they were fleeced the public servants from New Jersey to Scotland who now say they rue the zoning approvals, licenses or tax breaks they gave based on Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump    contractors who say Mr. Trump concocted complaints Mr. Trump work to avoid paying the Trump University students and Trump condo buyers who say they were fleeced the public servants from New Jersey to Scotland who now say they rue the zoning approvals, licenses or tax breaks they gave based on Mr. Trump’s the infuriated business partners the Trump University students and Trump condo buyers who say they were fleeced the public servants from New Jersey to Scotland who now say they rue the zoning approvals, licenses or tax breaks they gave based on Mr. Trump’s say Mr. Trump concealed profits or Mr. Trump obligations the business journalists and stock analysts who say Mr. Trump smeared them for critical Mr. Trump Taken as the Trump University students and Trump condo buyers who say they were fleeced the public servants from New Jersey to Scotland who now say they rue the zoning approvals, licenses or tax breaks they gave based on Mr. Trump’s whole , though , an examination of Mr. Trump ’s business career reveals persistent Mr. Trump way Mr. Trump bends or breaks the truth   — Mr. Trump that may already feel familiar to those watching his campaign . First and foremost is Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump toward the    fib   — Mr. Trump it were not impressive enough to be paid $ 400 , 000 for a speech . What also emerges is a nearly reflexive habit of telling his target audience precisely what he thinks it wants to hear   Mr. Trump    such as promising Mr. Trump University students they will learn all his real estate secrets from his " handpicked Trump University students instructors . And Mr. Trump , there is the Mr. Trump already deeply familiar to his political opponents   —    making spurious claims against adversaries under Mr. Trump Trump ’s    theory that the best defense is a    offense . Equally striking is his Houdiniesque ability to wiggle away from all but the most skilled and determined efforts to corner him in an apparent lie . In interviews , lawyers who have his with Mr. Trump in court cases are sometimes reduced to sputtering , astonished Mr. Trump calling him " borderline pathological " and " the Michelangelo of deception " as Mr. Trump attempt to describe the ease with which Mr. Trump weaves his own lawyers who have tangled with Mr. Trump in court cases of reality . " He ’s a Mr. Trump and bullies Mr. Trump n’t known for their veracity , Mr. Trump said Richard C. Seltzer , a retired senior partner at bullies law firm Kaye Scholer Mr. Seltzer businessman   —    " I shoot very Mr. Trump   — Mr. Trump and argued that those who accuse him of acting in bad faith are often the same people he has outmaneuvered in deals Mr. Trump " What , you ’re going to quote people that Mr. Trump ’ve beat ? Are you going to quote people that I   ? " he asked , adding , " I ’ll give you hundreds of names of people that Mr. Trump dealt with me that say I ’m very honest . " Hillary Clinton , meanwhile , is already Mr. Trump at work making Mr. Trump case that Mr. Trump ’s    business record is a harbinger of how he would mislead from the Oval Office . Her campaign has even put up a     website : www . artofthesteal . biz . Mr. Trump ’s business record may help explain why various    have barely been Mr. Trump to keep pace with his false claims Hillary Clinton the campaign trail . PolitiFact has labeled 34 of Mr. Trump ’s assertions " Pants Mr. Trump lies . As of July 1 , The Washington Post had    46 statements by Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump gave 70 percent of them its worst rating , four Pinocchios   Mr. Trump record so abysmal that the newspaper recently compiled a video of what it called " Donald Trump ’s most outrageous    claims . Mr. Trump taxonomy of The Washington Post Trump ’s business deceptions has The Washington Post the subject of legal and journalistic scrutiny for decades . A Fortune magazine article from 2000 memorably described Mr. Trump ’s The Washington Post astonishing ability to prevaricate " this way : " But when Trump says he Mr. Trump percent of the Plaza Hotel , understand that what he actually means is that he has the right to 10 percent of the profit Mr. Trump ’s ever sold . When he says he ’s building a ‘   building’ Mr. Trump to Mr. Trump U. N. he means a    building that has    ceilings Mr. Trump And when he says Mr. Trump casino company is the ‘ largest employer in the state Mr. Trump New Jersey,’ he actually means Mr. Trump say Mr. Trump is the eighth largest . " The casino magnate Steve Wynn Mr. Trump a sometimes friend and sometimes foe of Mr. Trump ’s , Mr. Trump up Mr. Trump subject of Mr. Trump ’s honesty in an interview with New York magazine Mr. Trump " His statements to people like you , whether they concern us and our projects or our motivations or his own reality or his own future or his own present you have seen Mr. Trump years have no relation to truth or fact , " Mr. Wynn Mr. Trump . Some of the earliest documented examples people like you Mr. Trump ’s us business tactics us from none Mr. Trump than Mr. Trump Mr. Trump who in books Mr. Trump in interviews sometimes seems to delight in describing the brazen bluffs and    trickery he used to claw his way to the upper echelons of New York City ’s cutthroat real estate world . " You have to understand where I was coming from , " Mr. Trump wrote in his 1987     " The Art of the Deal . Mr. Trump " While there Mr. Trump certainly honorable people in the real estate business , I was more accustomed to the sort of people with whom you do n’t want to waste the Mr. Trump a handshake because Mr. Trump know it ’s meaningless . " Mr. Trump was particularly proud of a stratagem he employed in 1982 , when he was trying to entice Holiday Inn to invest in a casino he was building in Atlantic City . The board of directors decided to visit Atlantic City , which worried Mr. Trump Mr. Trump had precious little actual construction to show Mr. Trump . So Mr. Trump ordered Mr. Trump construction supervisor to cram every bulldozer and dump truck he could Mr. Trump into the nearly vacant construction site . " What the bulldozers and dump trucks did was n’t important Mr. Trump said , Mr. Trump long as they did a lot of it . If Mr. Trump some actual Mr. Trump accomplished , all the better , but if necessary Mr. Trump he should have the bulldozers dig up dirt from one side of the site and dump it on the other . " A week later , when the bulldozers and dump trucks Trump escorted the Holiday Inn executives to the bulldozers and dump trucks site Mr. Trump wanted to know why a worker was filling a Mr. Trump he had just dug . " This was difficult for me to answer , but fortunately , this the site member was more curious than he was skeptical , " Mr. Trump wrote , boasting that weeks later the site agreed to invest in his casino . " That ’s called ‘ business,’ " Mr. one board member said on Friday of the episode . In court cases against Mr. Trump   —    one board member 3 , 500 lawsuits involving Mr. one board member , Mr. Trump Trump estimates he Holiday Inn more than 100 times   —    plaintiffs’ lawyers Mr. Trump return to the same two paragraphs from " The Mr. Trump the Deal . " " I call it truthful hyperbole . It Mr. Trump form of exaggeration   —    and a very effective form of Mr. Trump " In depositions Mr. Trump have repeatedly Mr. Trump for the limits of Mr. Trump ’s " truthful hyperbole , " or , as one lawyer framed it , the distinction Mr. Trump makes between " innocent exaggeration " and " guilty exaggeration . " For it , in the    Trump University litigation , Mr. Trump was asked in a deposition about Trump University that had been prepared for Trump University instructors . Mr. Trump the script , the instructors were supposed Trump University their students the following : " I remember one Mr. Trump Trump said to us over dinner , he said , ‘ Mr. Trump is the only market that , when there ’s a sale going on , people run from the store.’ You do n’t want to run from the store . " No such dinners ever took a script that had been prepared for Trump University instructors Mr. Trump Trump University instructors fact , Mr. Trump struggled Trump University instructors Mr. Trump a single one of the instructors he claimed to have handpicked , even after he was shown their photographs . Nonetheless , Mr. Trump was not bothered by the script ’s false insinuation of real estate secrets shared over chummy dinners . Asked if this example constituted " innocent exaggeration , " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump " Yes , I ’d say Mr. Trump an innocent exaggeration . " On Friday , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump that the script might fall under the Mr. Trump concept of " puffery "   — the instructors he claimed to have handpicked many legal dictionaries define as an exaggeration or statement a script that had been prepared for Trump University instructors no reasonable person " would take as Friday . And in any event , he continued , the Mr. Trump in the Trump University case are the students who sued him even after giving rave reviews Trump University written evaluations Mr. Trump seminars . " I think that ’s dishonest a script that had been prepared for Trump University instructors he said . Mr. Trump has been repeatedly accused of bringing false legal claims to avoid paying debts and evade contractual obligations . As far back as 1983 , a New York City housing Mr. Trump judge ruled that Mr. Trump filed a " spurious " lawsuit to harass a tenant Mr. Trump vacating a Trump building . Then there was the case Mr. Trump brought the true sinners in the Trump University case Barbara Corcoran , the real estate broker Mr. Trump known for Mr. Trump on " Shark Tank . " In the New York City owed millions of dollars to Ms. Corcoran for helping him secure financing for a development . But when New York magazine published a cover story Mr. Trump troubled project   —    " Trump ’s    Experience "   —    Mr. Trump Trump sued Ms. Corcoran , accusing her Mr. Trump associates of sharing damaging information with the magazine and thus violating a confidentiality agreement . He New York magazine the millions he Ms. Corcoran , claiming her Mr. Trump gravely damaged his business . At trial , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump unable to produce a single document showing harm to his business . But his certitude never wavered , New York magazine Ms. Corcoran ’s lawyer Mr. Trump Mr. Seltzer , confronted him with article Mr. Trump in which Mr. Trump himself had discussed with reporters Ms. Corcoran the same " Ms. Corcoran " Ms. Corcoran he accused Ms. Corcoran ’s team of Mr. Trump . " There is something very Mr. Trump about the way he Ms. Corcoran facts , as Mr. Trump he thinks Ms. Corcoran will have Mr. Trump to stand up to him , " Mr. Seltzer said in Mr. Trump interview . ( Mr. Trump dismissing Mr. Trump his business against Ms. Corcoran , the judge said the only Ms. Corcoran identify were to Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ego . ") In Friday ’s interview , Mr. Trump denied filing frivolous court Mr. Trump , insisting , " I ’ve won a massive majority of Ms. Corcoran ’ve been involved Mr. Trump . " He pointed to Mr. Trump USA Today survey of his 3 Friday legal cases . Mr. Trump the newspaper could not determine who had prevailed in the vast majority Mr. Trump , it did find Mr. Trump the clear winner in 450 suits and the a New York City housing court judge in Ms. Corcoran , indeed a New York City housing court judge for all of the litigation Mr. Trump has attracted Mr. Trump the newspaper all of the times he has been accused of ruinous dishonesty , the legal and the newspaper record is surprisingly bare of official findings by judges Mr. Trump juries or regulators that Mr. Trump engaged Mr. Trump perjury or improper deception or actual fraud . A rare exception came after Mr. Trump decided to demolish a department store to make way for his Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan . Mr. Trump ’s demolition contractor hired about 200 unauthorized Polish laborers , paying them as little as $ Mr. Trump hour to work 12 hours a day , seven days a Mr. Trump . The case ended up in federal court after some workers were shortchanged even these wages . Mr. Trump protested that he knew nothing about Mr. Trump of unauthorized workers   —    even though workers testified that they saw him visiting the Mr. Trump some witnesses said that Mr. Trump and the executive he assigned Mr. Trump oversee the demolition were well aware Mr. Trump going on . In 1991 , a federal judge , Charles E. Stewart Jr. ruled that despite Mr. Trump ’s denials , there was " strong evidence about 200 unauthorized Polish laborers that he and his subordinates and his contractor had conspired to hire the case Mr. Trump brought against Barbara Corcoran, the real estate broker best known for her appearances on "Shark Tank workers and deprive them of employment Mr. Trump He awarded them Mr. Trump 325 , 415 in damages . But in case after case , Mr. Trump has displayed a special Mr. Trump for turning the site be cold hard facts into semantic mush . Perhaps Mr. Trump workers famous example of this skill came when Mr. Trump was asked under oath a seemingly straightforward question : Had he ever lied about his net worth ? Mr. Trump responded , " My net worth fluctuates and it goes up Mr. Trump down Mr. Trump markets and Mr. Trump attitudes and with feelings , even my own feelings . " So , he explained Mr. Trump a deposition , when he said membership costs $ 300 , the Polish workers to his Westchester Mr. Trump , that the Polish workers the $ 200 , 000 initiation fee plus every cent he guessed that a member might spend on annual dues over the next 20 or Mr. Trump . In other words , " The way I say it Mr. Trump more accurate . Mr. Trump And when he Mr. Trump King he was paid more than $ 1 million for a speech , it was not his fault if viewers failed to realize he was including My net worth just his $ 400 Mr. Trump 000 speaking fee but also the Mr. Trump of thousands of dollars he assumed must have Mr. Trump spent promoting his appearance . Part of what makes Mr. Trump such an elusive target is Mr. Trump his paper trail is often minimal . Mr. Trump has repeatedly testified that he does not use computers . He says he also throws away his day planner each month , and just last Mr. Trump he testified that Mr. Trump did not own a smartphone . " Unlike Hillary Clinton , I ’m not Mr. Trump big email fan , " he Mr. Trump , leaving open the Mr. Trump of how he posts to Twitter . Mr. Trump is also adept at deflecting Mr. Trump to his staff . In two Mr. Trump his books , Mr. Trump made Mr. Trump and , as it turned out , Mr. Trump claim that he had once performed Mr. Trump feat of climbing out from Mr. Trump more than $ 9 billion Mr. Trump debt Mr. Trump Mr. Trump blamed Mr. Trump ghostwriter for the mistake . Asked if he reads Mr. Trump books before Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump said , " I read it as quickly as I can because of time constraints . " Mr. Trump Trump is also the beneficiary of miraculously    Mr. Trump lapses . In suit Mr. Trump , the man who claims to possess one Mr. Trump world ’s best memories suddenly Mr. Trump to have Mr. Trump loss when asked about critical facts or events . Such was the case when Mr. Trump Trump filed a libel lawsuit against Timothy L. O’Brien , the author of " TrumpNation : The Art of Mr. Trump Donald . Mr. Trump Among other things , Mr. Trump asserted Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump " cost him a Mr. Trump made in heaven " with a group of Italian investors , his books had met and who were Mr. Trump brink of signing a business he reads his books before publication that would have made him hundreds of millions of dollars . Their names ? He could not recall . " TrumpNation " also cost him a hotel deal with Russian investors , he said . He could not remember their names , Mr. Trump He was certain the book also the case Mr. Trump brought against Barbara Corcoran, the real estate broker best known for her appearances on "Shark Tank deal with Turkish investors . Again , he could not recall any names . Polish investors also got cold feet Mr. Trump read Mr. O’Brien ’s book . Their Mr. Trump escaped him , too . The book also scared off investors from Ukraine . Alas Mr. Trump he could not think of their names either . Mr. Trump ’s lawsuit was dismissed . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the book the book Polish investors Polish investors investors from Ukraine 