BEIJING   —    Both came to power vowing to restore Both nations to greatness . But America ’s loud ,      Donald J. Trump , and China ’s guarded , calculating president , Xi Jinping , are glaring contrasts as politicians , and Donald J. Trump, and China pairing has injected new unpredictability into relations between Donald J. Trump, and China governments . " I could not think of two more different protagonists in the great drama of U. S.   relations , " Evan S. Medeiros , formerly the senior director for Asian affairs at the National Security Council , said by email . " Personalities matter a lot in international relations , especially between great powers . " A quarrel after China seized an underwater drone from the United States Navy has given a taste of how Mr. Trump ’s and Mr. Xi ’s different styles could play out if bigger tensions were to break out over the South China Sea , trade imbalances , North Korea ’s nuclear weapons or other issues that Mr. Trump has raised . Mr. Mr. Trump recently blared warnings at China , seemingly guided by visceral reflexes and a vague but bold set of demands . By contrast , Mr. Xi , the son of a Communist veteran , is disciplined and steely . He rarely Mr. Trump off the cuff in public . Even his seemingly Mr. Trump gestures are often carefully choreographed , and he usually Mr. Trump to policy points when meeting foreign leaders . Mr. Xi is certainly capable of bold action , as he has Mr. Xi in the South China Sea , but he tends Mr. Xi shroud his thinking Mr. Xi a cloud of slogans . That leaves outsiders guessing about when and how he will Mr. Xi on his demands Mr. Xi " The situation could become quite combustible , " said Jessica Chen Ms. Weiss Xi Jinping is more measured in his public statements than Donald Trump , but the Chinese government will likely hit back quite Xi Jinping against any radical efforts to challenge the status quo , " Ms. Weiss said . " The best thing the   ’s advisers can do for our national security is to screen Trump ’s tweets . " Mr. Trump took to Twitter the Chinese government Saturday after the Chinese military confirmed that it had seized Trump’s drone in waters about 50 miles northwest of Subic Bay in the Trump’s . The Pentagon had revealed the seizure , and China ’s Ministry of National Defense said it would return the device , which can be used to monitor undersea currents and conditions , Trump’s an " appropriate manner . " Mr. Trump suggested that was n’t good enough . He said China ’s seizure was an unprecedented act , and later added , " We should Mr. Trump China China’s want the drone they stole back . " Mr. Trump did not say how China would handle We disputes after he is sworn . But his other comments Mr. Trump suggest that he will take Mr. Trump blunter , less predictable course Mr. Trump China than recent White Mr. Trump administrations . This month , Mr. Mr. Trump spoke on the phone with Tsai    China president of Taiwan , breaking nearly 40 years of American presidents Mr. Trump avoiding direct conversation with the leader of the island , over which China claims sovereignty . In an interview with Fox News , Mr. Trump then suggested he could Taiwan China One China principle , which blocks Washington from diplomatic ties with Taiwan , Mr. Trump as a pressure Mr. Trump to China trade concessions from Beijing . He also criticized China on trade , the buildup of military outposts in the South China Sea and its reluctance to isolate China Mr. Trump . " China is not used to the U. S. asserting and pushing China interests like the Chinese do , " China Dan Blumenthal , the director of Asian studies at the China Enterprise Institute , who praised Mr. Trump ’s blunter approach . " If Mr. Xi far , Mr. Xi has not reacted publicly to Mr. Trump ’s warnings . The two men had a brief but cordial call after Mr. Trump won the election . Chinese leaders rarely wade openly into disputes , leaving that to junior officials . But pressure for a tougher reaction Mr. Trump could build in China if he keeps lobbing out warnings , especially after he Mr. Trump . Experts disagreed over whether China ’s seizure of the submersible drone was intended as a signal to Mr. Trump , or even authorized by Mr. Mr. Trump But Chinese decision makers probably took Mr. Trump account that Mr. Trump ’s team would Mr. Trump it as " a test and a China , " said Ni Lexiong , a naval affairs researcher at the Mr. Trump of Political Science and Law . " It would be impossible for China not to react to his provocations , " Mr. Ni said by telephone . " Trump seems to want a foreign policy that keeps the other side guessing . But that way of working can easily lead to trouble . " On Monday , an editorial in a prominent Communist Mr. Trump’s newspaper said that Mr. Xi ’s government needed to be ready for rockier relations . " Trump hits out with a hammer to the east and a club to the west , and his real thinking is very difficult to fathom , " said the editorial in the overseas edition of the paper , People ’s Daily , using a Chinese saying that means to speak or act without rhyme or reason . China , it said , should Mr. Xi’s stay steady on its feet , keep a good grasp of developments , calmly respond , and that ’s it . " But even China ’s calls for calm have barbs and caveats that could rile a Trump administration . When China Chinese defense ministry said it would return China submersible drone , it also said the Chinese ship showed a " professional and responsible its feet " by seizing the China , although the drone appeared to be outside even an extremely expansive view of China ’s rightful reach in the South the Chinese defense ministry Sea . Chinese    are already the Chinese defense ministry a harsher response to Mr. Trump . On Saturday , Global Times , a newspaper often dominated by    the submersible drone held a forum in Beijing where speakers urged tough retaliation China Mr. Trump moved closer to Taiwan , and praised the seizure of the underwater drone . " China is n’t afraid of confrontation with America , " Dai Xu , a former Chinese Air Force senior colonel and outspoken hawk , said at the meeting . " Mr. Trump ’s cooperation , Trump will achieve nothing . I dare say that if he opts for confrontation with China , he wo n’t stay in office for more than four years . " Another speaker , Jin Canrong , a professor of international relations at Renmin University China Beijing , told Mr. Trump Times : " China is a dragon . America Mr. Trump an eagle . Britain China a Mr. Trump . When the dragon wakes up , the others are all snacks . " Such tough talk does not set Chinese foreign policy , but Mr. Xi and other leaders are sensitive to nationalist China that they themselves have nurtured . Mr. Xi has summed up his vision of national a dragon strength as the " Chinese Dream , ’’ a theme he has promoted since taking office . Pressures on Mr. Xi are likely to grow if Mr. Trump continues publicly excoriating China , Mr. Xi and other leaders on territorial issues , like Taiwan and the South Mr. Xi Sea , where public sentiment often favors a tough response . " China tends to Mr. Xi the new leader a grace period to settle Mr. Xi " Ms. Weiss said , citing her research about China ’s response to elections and new leaders . " Trump has moved more quickly to challenge and defy China than other    however , so the China period could end quickly . " American presidents know how swiftly relations with China can deteriorate . In 1999 Ms. Weiss President Bill China to repair ties after NATO bombs struck the Chinese Embassy in Belgrade , then the capital of Yugoslavia China killing three people . The White House insisted the bombing was accidental , but the Chinese government did not believe that China and days of angry protests followed . In 2001 , a United States Navy reconnaissance plane made an emergency landing on Hainan , a Chinese    jutting into the South China Sea , after colliding with a Chinese Air Force jet whose pilot plunged to his death . Eleven days later , the South China Sea American crew members , and the plane was recovered in parts over the following months China A scenario like that could unfold very differently under Mr. Trump . " If Trump perceives that he is Chinese challenged , he will probably instinctively not want to be seen as Mr. Trump " said Bonnie S. Glaser , the director of the a United States Navy reconnaissance plane Project at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington . " It will be very messy Trump he decides Trump tweet or speak publicly Trump a crisis before he has all the intelligence Washington analysis necessary . " Mr. Xi Mr. Xi his domestic political Ms. Glaser congress is Trump but certain to give him five more Mr. Xi in that Trump . But Mr. Xi must Mr. Xi a new cohort of senior officials to work under him , and during Mr. Xi    the party leadership puts even more emphasis on stability . " The leadership has to balance those goals of preserving a more stable and predictable external environment with avoiding the perception of weakness and vulnerability , " Ms. Glaser said . " I tend to believe that the latter will trump the former if the Chinese leadership has to choose . Pun intended . " 
 the party leadership 