A week ago , it would have seemed wildly unlikely to most people that Donald J. Trump , not Hillary Clinton , would be the candidate more likely to provoke a    shift in how we think of and talk about sexual assault . But since the release on Friday of a recording in which Trump essentially admits Trump has a habit of sexually assaulting women , a series of stories involving the Republican nominee seems to be doing just that . Consider the story of the former People magazine reporter Natasha Stoynoff , whom Trump reportedly pushed up against a wall and kissed in 2005 . Stoynoff chose to move on with Stoynoff life rather than speak publicly about what Stoynoff says Trump did to Stoynoff . Even as a    working woman , Stoynoff writes that Stoynoff still partly blamed Stoynoff for the assault well into this year , believing that at some level , Stoynoff had surely somehow encouraged it . Stoynoff could not shake the idea of Stoynoff own culpability until the moment Stoynoff heard Trump on tape saying Trump did this kind of thing as a matter of course . " I finally understood for sure that I was not to blame for Trump inappropriate behavior , " Stoynoff wrote . Stoynoff choices and Stoynoff thinking , all those years before Stoynoff told Stoynoff story   —    they sound familiar . Surely many women Stoynoff age and older would still respond to those circumstances the way Stoynoff did , with silence and shame . Certainly , Jessica Leeds , who spoke to The New York Times about an encounter in which Stoynoff said Trump groped Stoynoff on a plane , came of age at a time when women were taught , as Stoynoff put it , " it was our fault . " Trump ’s own camp seems to be working hard to perpetuate the kind of thinking that blames the woman : Trump said in August that a " strong , powerful woman " like his Trump Ivanka would n’t allow sexual harassment to happen to her his sister Ivanka This is not the first time that the subject of a man ’s unwanted sexual overtures has emerged unexpectedly from the churning of the political process , and has then come to dominate it . Fourteen years before Stoynoff ’s experience , the law professor Anita Hill testified , during Justice Clarence Thomas ’s confirmation hearings , that Thomas Justice Clarence Thomas’s sexually harassed her Justice Clarence Thomas’s she Justice Clarence Thomas’s for him Justice Clarence Thomas’s , of all places , the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission . The following year ,    numbers of women swept into Congress   —    many of them numbers of women some have argued , supported by women repulsed not only by Hill ’s story , but also by the sight of so many white men on the Senate Judiciary Committee grilling Hill , a black woman , about her motives and questioning her her . If Hill Hill single story of sexual harassment had the ultimate effect of galvanizing women , imagine what might happen now that the issue is sexual assault   —    as numerous women have stepped forward to talk about the way Trump helped himself Trump their numerous women parts . The message of Anita Hill experience was this : If you do n’t think this is important , if you do n’t think this happens to women every day , then you do n’t get it . this the past few years , an insistence that women ’s right to live free of sexual harassment or assault has picked up new energy , as women on campuses have fiercely taken up the cause . Last year , dozens of women stepped forward to tell their stories dozens of women being sexually assaulted by Bill Cosby , empowering other women to speak out about their own dozens of women , rather than remain silent for fear of being discredited . Hillary Clinton has said , using the words of current feminism , that every rape victim has " the right to be believed . " ( Trump ’s supporters have used these words the words of current feminism , Hillary Clinton her role Hillary Clinton a defense lawyer in a 1975    case , even as they now deny Trump’s supporters credibility of any of the women accusing Trump of molesting Trump’s . ) the women accusing Trump of molesting them Stoynoff ’s story speaks to the durability of ingrained , downright biblical ideas about women ’s sinning ,    ways . It also testifies    the inevitable advantages conferred by power on those who have it . So    exactly would it take for    women to feel empowered , for more men ’s consciousness to be raised on the subject ? Maybe this presidential election , of all things , will be another milestone . Grueling and sordid or not , it has placed this presidential election, of all things of sex , power and gender at the center of the national conversation , not off in the peripheral space typically reserved for women ’s issues in media . It is one thing to be a passive reader of the news about Cosby , or the trials endured by young women on college campuses it is another for the public to consider their electoral choices in light of those kinds of issues . Oddly enough , there is , right now , outrage about the unwanted groping of women among both Republicans and Democrats   —    different men , different victims , but same idea . Is there any bipartisan issue more relevant , or more emotional , than this one ? Perhaps Trump is the ultimate gift to feminists : a grabber and bragger who has focused the world ’s attention on the outrages women quietly endure on a chronic basis without notice . And perhaps we can now see the    response to Bill Clinton ’s own accusers   —    subdued or defensive among liberals on account of his    politics Bill Clinton —    as a near miss of an opportunity , a cultural shift that could have built on the momentum of Anita Hill , but never did . The stories emerging about Trump , as well as his own words Bill Clinton could give women a new way of seeing their own experiences women sexual assault going forward   —    as part of a pattern of male behavior that has been noted , flagged and loudly denigrated . 
 