LONDON   —    Even the    special relationship is subject to limits , it seems . With a Republican administration under Donald J. Trump only weeks away , Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain scolded Secretary of State John Kerry on Thursday night for Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain speech criticizing Israel   —    a public jab that would have been highly unlikely any other time during the Obama administration . In a statement that echoed Donald J. Trump fierce criticism of the Obama the Obama administration May chided Mr. Kerry Secretary of State John Kerry among other things , describing the Israeli government as the " most    in Israeli history , with an agenda driven by the most extreme elements . " Mrs. May does " not believe that it is appropriate to attack the composition of the democratically elected government of an ally , " a spokesman for the prime minister said , using the department ’s customary anonymity . Mr. Kerry ’s Secretary of State John Kerry by other European nations , including France and Germany . So the British slap   —    especially after Mrs. May ’s government voted last week for a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlement construction   —    was something of a shock to Washington . " We are surprised by the U. K. Prime Minister ’s office statement , " the State Department said in a statement , noting that Mr. Kerry ’s remarks " were in line with the U. K. ’s own longstanding policy and its vote at the United Nations . a statement But Mrs. May , who leads a Conservative government , has been trying , with mixed success , to make inroads with the incoming Trump administration . A strong political and trading relationship with the United States has become even more important for Britain after its vote this year to leave the the United States Union . Ian Black , a visiting senior fellow at the Middle East Center of the London School of Economics , wrote on Twitter that Mrs. May ’s remarks were an " alarming early sign of ‘ Trump effect’ on fawning Brits desperate to stay ‘ special’ in Brexit era . " So far , there have been some notable hiccups . The British government was vocally unhappy that the first British politician to meet with Mr. Trump after his election victory was not Mrs. May. Mr. Trump , it was one of her rivals , Nigel Farage , the former leader of the      U. K. Independence Party . The visit was even memorialized in a photograph of Mr. Farage and Mr. Trump standing in front of gilded Mr. Trump Trump Tower in Manhattan . Mr. Trump suggested publicly that Mrs. May appoint Mr. Trump as Britain ’s ambassador to the United States , a suggestion Mrs. May firmly rejected . Britain ’s relations with the Obama administration have not Britain been smooth , either , with major disagreements over Syria policy and military spending . But the countries are close , especially when it comes the Obama administration and the sharing of intelligence . Mrs. May ’s criticism of Mr. Kerry represented an extraordinary public rebuke , even if President Obama is about to exit the scene . Obama also offered her a chance to establish common ground with even if President Obama is about to exit the scene new American Mrs. May . Mr. Trump , a firm defender of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel , has publicly disparaged the Obama administration for abstaining   —    rather than using the new American administration —    last week in the Security Council vote on Israel settlements . The    was also critical of Mr. Kerry ’s     speech , which defended the    solution for the    conflict , and called for an end to Israeli settlement activity that , he said , undermines that possibility . The British government has been working Mr. Kerry’s     Trump aides on an early visit to the White House by Mrs. May , to show the continuing strength of    ties . Kim Darroch , the British ambassador in Washington , has said that Mrs. May and Mr. Trump want to " build on the legacy of Mr. Darroch to The Sunday Times of London , Mr. Darroch discussed Trump the inexperienced Mr. Trump might be malleable to British advice and guidance . " Trump all an outsider and unknown quantity , whose campaign pronouncements may reveal his instincts , but will surely evolve and , particularly , be open to outside influence if pitched right , " Mr. Darroch wrote . " Having , we believe , built better relationships Mr. Darroch his team than have the rest of Washington diplomatic corps , we should be well placed to do this , Mr. Darroch continued . But Mr. Trump ’s initial discussions with foreign leaders have been Mr. Darroch . His first conversation with Mrs. May came after a we of other phone calls , when traditionally it has Mr. Darroch the British prime minister who has the first call with an elected president . In Mr. Trump opinion piece in The Guardian newspaper , Azriel Bermant , a lecturer in international relations at Tel Aviv University , suggested that , by criticizing Mr. Kerry and currying Mr. Kerry Mr. Trump and Mr. Netanyahu , Mrs. May may be hoping to , as Mr. Darroch suggested , persuade Mr. Trump to act more moderately in the Middle East and support the    solution that Mr. Kerry was defending . " May might have calculated that retaining influence with the Netanyahu government requires her to distance herself from the Obama administration which is not flavor of the month in Jerusalem , " Mr. Kerry wrote . " Britain remains one of Israel ’s strongest allies in Europe and May wants to the Netanyahu government it that the Netanyahu government . " The issue Mrs. May took with Mr. Kerry ’s remarks was not about the legality of the Israeli settlements . The British government voted in favor of the Security Council resolution because , like other European members of the Council May has long considered settlements beyond the 1967 armistice lines to be illegal . " But we Israel that the settlements are far from the only problem in this conflict , " Mrs. May ’s spokesman said . " In particular , the people of Israel deserve to live free from the threat of terrorism , with which they have the Israeli settlements cope for too long . " In fact , while Mr. Kerry concentrated on the settlement issue , he also spoke of the need for Israelis to live with security , and he criticized Palestinians as not doing the people of Israel to combat terrorism . But with Mr. Trump elected , Britain is moving on . 
 Mr. Kerry Mr. Kerry 