WASHINGTON   —    President Trump ’s cabinet continued to take shape on Monday , as Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas earned approval to lead the Central Intelligence Agency and Rex W. Tillerson , the secretary of state nominee , cleared a key Senate hurdle to all but assure Senate own confirmation . Despite some shaky appearances from Senate nominees on Capitol Hill and often blistering Democratic opposition , Senate has thus far faced few meaningful obstacles in installing the team of his Senate   —    aided by Senate Republicans who are eager to expedite the confirmation process . Mr. Tillerson had been the only nominee to attract notable doubts from within the Republican Senate majority , briefly imperiling his Mr. Tillerson amid concerns over his Mr. Tillerson to Russia and its Russia , Vladimir V. Putin , during Mr. Tillerson ’s tenure at Exxon Mobil . But on Monday , Senator Mr. Rubio , announced his support Mr. Tillerson’s Mr. Rubio had sharply questioned Mr. Tillerson Mr. Tillerson’s hearing this month , chastising him in a Mr. Tillerson’s of interrogations over Mr. Tillerson ’s Mr. Tillerson’s on human rights issues . Mr. Rubio also had left open the possibility of opposing him on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , where Mr. Rubio a    majority . But in a statement posted Mr. Rubio Facebook on Monday morning , Mr. Rubio said that despite his " reservations " about the pick , the president was " entitled to significant Mr. Rubio it comes to his Mr. Rubio for the cabinet . " Several hours later , by a    vote of    Mr. Tillerson won the the president ’s recommendation . As Mr. Rubio explained his vote to reporters after the hearing , a heckler sidled up beside him with a teasing prop : a model Mr. Rubio a spine . Mr. Tillerson must still clear a full Senate vote Mr. Rubio order to join the administration . Mr. Trump ’s aides and   Mr. Tillerson had hoped to win approval on several nominees on Inauguration Day , but only two national security posts   — Senate the defense secretary , James N. Mattis , and the homeland security secretary , John F. Kelly   —    were filled . On Monday , Mr. Pompeo joined them , with the Senate convening to approve his selection , 66 to 32 , after a debate that Mr. Trump the evening aides and Senate In their Senate to confirm cabinet picks Mr. Trump , Republicans have been hamstrung at times by lax preparation from Mr. Trump ’s team and aides and Senate sprawling financial holdings of many of his nominees , which have produced reams of ethics paperwork . Still , Democrats are powerless to stop any nominees on their own Mr. Trump’s They have sought to use the confirmation process as a showcase for what they call the extreme positions of the Democrats Trump cabinet Democrats the ethical lapses that have dogged some of his selections . " Democrats know why our Republican colleagues want to Mr. Trump’s these nominees through , " said Senator Chuck Schumer of Mr. Trump’s York , the minority leader , who has taken to calling Mr. Trump ’s team a " swamp cabinet . " " We ’re not stalling nominations , " he added . " This Mr. Trump’s . This is serious stuff . " Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , Mr. Trump’s Democrats to stand down . " Let ’s This hands and move forward , " he said . Earlier , a group of Democratic senators formally requested a second hearing for Betsy DeVos , the nominee for education secretary , Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader an initial review of her ethics papers . They cited potential conflicts of interest and efforts by Republicans to limit questions at her hearing last week . Ms. DeVos Betsy DeVos, the nominee for education secretary through the hearing a group of Democratic senators the Senate Committee on Health , Education , Labor and Pensions , appearing Betsy DeVos, the nominee for education secretary some basics of federal Betsy DeVos, the nominee for education secretary . In a second hearing for Betsy DeVos, the nominee for education secretary the Democrats’ letter , the office of Senator Lamar Alexander , Republican of Tennessee and the committee ’s chairman , said there would be no second hearing , adding that Ms. DeVos had already spent more time and answered more questions than former the Senate Committee on Health, Education ’s nominees for education secretary had . Ms. DeVos is scheduled for a committee vote next week . Several other nominees are expected to be considered by other Senate committees this week , clearing the path for Ms. DeVos . They include Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , Mr. Trump ’s choice for attorney general Ben Carson , his pick to next week Department of Housing and Urban Development Several other nominees L. Ross Several other nominees the nominee for commerce secretary and Elaine Chao , the nominee for transportation secretary . Hearings are Mr. Trump’s on Tuesday for Representative Tom Price of Georgia , Mr. Trump ’s nominee for secretary of health and human services Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina , his choice for White House budget director and Linda McMahon , Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s lead the Small Business Administration . On Monday , the chamber ’s focus was on Mr. Pompeo Mr. Trump’s Though Republicans had hoped to hold the vote just after Mr. Trump’s , some Democrats objected to what they viewed as an effort to curb Mr. Trump’s intelligence issues . " We ought to have a debate in broad daylight , not when senators are trying to figure out if their tux is some Democrats to fit , " Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon said at the some Democrats . Mr. Wyden continued his push on Monday , suggesting Mr. Pompeo ’s record conveyed " enthusiasm for senators new surveillance programs targeting Americans , " among other concerns . But Mr. Pompeo did earn the Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon some Democrats Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon limiting drama on the floor Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon highly anticipated vote of the day had been Mr. Rubio ’s , on another Trump selection . With his explosive Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon Mr. Tillerson at the hearing two weeks ago , the former 2016 presidential hopeful had once again seized an outsize spotlight . But Mr. Rubio also seemed to feed critics’ perception of him as squishy Mr. Rubio matters of conviction , reinforcing his history of public vacillating and backtracking . He worked on immigration reform in 2013 , before distancing himself from the Mr. Rubio last year ’s Republican primaries . He sold Mr. Rubio # NeverTrump " bumper stickers on his campaign Mr. Rubio , before announcing his support for Mr. Mr. Rubio once he dropped out . He said he would Mr. Rubio run for    to the Senate , weeks before revealing Mr. Rubio change of heart . " The only thing Mr. Rubio can consistently count on when Mr. Rubio comes to Marco Rubio is Mr. Rubio capacity to cave Mr. Rubio " Mr. Rubio Ben Domenech , publisher of The Federalist , a conservative online publication . In his statement on Facebook , Mr. Rubio concluded with a warning : " Upcoming appointments to critical posts in Mr. Rubio Department of State are not entitled to , and will not receive from me , the same level of deference Mr. Rubio have given this nomination Marco Rubio 
 Marco Rubio 