WASHINGTON   —    Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell has long been one of the high priests of the Washington establishment , staying quiet in this year ’s raucous presidential campaign while tending to Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell reputation as a thoughtful officer and diplomat . But a hack of Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell ’s email this week has ripped away the diplomatic jargon and political niceties to reveal his Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell disdain of Donald J. Trump as a " national disgrace , " his Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell peeves with Hillary Clinton and his Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell , but still very raw , anger with the Republican colleagues with whom he Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell often clashed a decade ago . There has been an expectation that Mr. Powell , who waited until the final weeks to endorse Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012 , would do the same for Mrs. Hillary Clinton year . But in one 2014 email released online , Mr. Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell that while he respected Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell Clinton , he would Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell rather not have to vote for her , " Mrs. Clinton the Democratic presidential nominee as having " a long track record , unbridled ambition , greedy , not transformational . " The emails make clear that if Mr. Powell Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell Clinton , he will be Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell by intense feelings about Mr. Trump , whom he also called Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell " international pariah . " In the email messages , which an aide to Mr. Powell confirmed Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell , the retired    general who served as President George W. Bush ’s top diplomat also accuses Mr. Trump , the Republican nominee for president , of having embraced what Mr. Powell called a Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell " movement when he aggressively questioned the validity Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell Mr. Obama ’s birth certificate and his legitimacy to serve as Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell country ’s top elected official . But the emails , many of which were sent in recent weeks , also reveal Mr. Powell ’s disapproval of Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell handling of her email scandal and expose his sometimes unflattering Mrs. Clinton of the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband . In a series of exchanges Mrs. Clinton Mr. Powell lamented efforts by Mrs. Clinton Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell minions " to drag him into the controversy surrounding her use of a his email server by claiming Mrs. Clinton had advised her on the issue . " his R. C. Mrs. Clinton have killed this two years ago by merely telling everyone honestly what she had done and not tie me into it Mrs. Clinton " Mr. Powell wrote late last month , referring to Mrs. Clinton by her initials . " I told Mrs. Clinton three times Mrs. Clinton to try that gambit . Mrs. Clinton had to throw a    at a Hamptons party to get their attention . She keeps tripping into these ‘ character’ a Hamptons party . " Mrs. Clinton the 2014 email , Mr. Powell , though offering no independent knowledge , alluded in graphic language to coverage in The New York Post suggesting that Bill Clinton had continued to cheat on his wife . The emails , some of which were Bill Clinton reported by BuzzFeed News , also show Mr. Powell venting about some members of Mr. Bush ’s Mr. Powell In one reference to Donald H. Rumsfeld , the former defense secretary , he accuses " the idiot Rummy " of being disloyal to Bill Clinton President Bushes . In another email , Mr. Powell calls Dick Cheney , the former vice president , Mr. Powell daughter Liz Cheney " idiots and a spent force peddling a Mr. Powell that ai n’t going nowhere . " Mr. Powell appeared to be angry that NBC proposed that he appear Mr. Powell Meet the Press " with Mr. Cheney and his Mr. Powell , who were promoting a book they wrote together . In Mr. Powell email , Mr. Powell said the network Mr. Cheney and his daughter, who were promoting a book they wrote together to invite the Cheneys at a later Mr. Powell Mr. Powell Mr. Cheney and his daughter, who were promoting a book they wrote together appeared on a website called DCLeaks . com , which Mr. Powell documents that the site had obtained after hacks into the accounts of prominent Democrats and some Republicans , including Gen. Philip M. Breedlove , the former commander of NATO forces in Europe , and George Soros , a wealthy backer of liberal causes . It is unclear who operates DCLeaks . com . Peggy Cifrino , an aide to Mr. Powell , responded Wednesday morning to an inquiry about the emails : " We are confirming that General Powell has been hacked and that they are his emails . We Peggy Cifrino, an aide to Mr. Powell no further comment Mr. Powell time . " Mr. Powell did not respond Mr. Powell an Peggy Cifrino, an aide to Mr. Powell sent directly to his personal account . In several emails Mr. Powell Powell suggested that speaking out against Mr. Trump would only Mr. Powell to the attention the Republican nominee was Mr. Powell the news media . Responding to a reporter asking for comment , Mr. Powell wrote last month that Mr. Trump is " his own best enemy " and added : " I Mr. Powell out when I feel it Mr. Trump not after every Mr. Trump thing he says . " But the emails make clear that Mr. Powell , who also served as the chairman of the Mr. Powell Chiefs of Staff , has no intention of supporting Mr. Mr. Powell Trump should not be elected president Mr. Trump No need to debate it with you now , but Trump is a national Mr. Trump an international pariah , " Mr. Powell wrote in June , noting the criticism of Mr. Trump by Mr. Trump prominent conservatives . " He is in the process of destroying himself , no need for Dems to attack him Mr. Trump Mr. Powell also Mr. Powell in a Mr. Trump of exchanges how much he was Mr. Trump by Mr. Trump ’s attacks on the Mr. Trump of Mr. Obama ’s birth . " Yup , the whole birther movement was racist , " Mr. Powell " That ’s what the 99 % believe . When Trump Mr. Powell n’t keep that up he said he also wanted to see if the certificate noted that he was a Muslim . As I have said Mr. Trump , Mr. Powell if he Mr. Trump Muslims Mr. Trump born as Americans everyday . " Mr. Powell dismissed Mr. Trump completely ineffective Mr. Trump ’s recent attempts to reach out to black voters Mr. Trump saying that the Republican nominee " takes us for idiots . " Mr. Powell said Mr. Trump Mr. Trump could say to black voters would improve his standing , in part because of the things he said about Mr. Obama . " He can never Mr. Trump he tried to do to Obama with his Mr. Trump for the Mr. Powell hoping to force Obama Mr. Trump of the presidency , " Mr. Mr. Trump wrote , saying to Mr. Trump aide , " You do n’t Mr. Trump for his false sincerity , I hope . " In the emails , Mr. Powell Mr. Obama the news media for helping Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s candidacy Mr. Obama In December 2015 Mr. Trump he turned down a request from CNN ’s Fareed Zakaria to discuss Mr. Trump . " It is time to start ignoring him . You guys are playing his Mr. Powell you are his oxygen , " Mr. Powell 2015 , Mr. Powell predicted Mr. Powell Mr. Trump would " take it to the convention " in part because news networks were Mr. Trump’s . " He Mr. Powell to the worst angels of Mr. Powell G. O. P. nature Mr. Powell poor white folks , " Mr. Powell said in the email.’ " In that email , Mr. Powell in part defended Mrs. Mr. Trump’s actions in the attack on the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , in 2012 . Mr. Powell ’In December 2015 , he told Condoleezza Rice , his successor at the State Department , that Mr. Powell political attacks on Benghazi were " a stupid witch hunt Mr. Powell wrote that " basic fault falls on a courageous ambassador who thought Libyans now love me and I am O. K. in this very vulnerable place . " He Mr. Powell that " blame also Mr. Powell on his leaders and supporters back here , " including Mrs. Clinton . A Benghazi months later , in a Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton ’s email scandal , Mr. Powell lamented that " everything H. R. C. touches she kind of screws up with hubris H. R. C. then related a story Mr. Powell " the gig I lost at a Mr. Powell " when the institution said it could no longer afford his speaking fees after paying Mrs. Clinton Mr. Powell I should send her Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton Mr. Powell Mr. Powell Mrs. Clinton’s the institution 