As election returns poured in and panic became palpable for Democrats in New York , Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio held fast . Hillary Clinton would be president , Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio told increasingly uneasy crowds on Tuesday night at what would have been Hillary Clinton victory party in Midtown Manhattan . But by Wednesday morning , Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio , were coming to grips with their new reality : Donald J. Trump , Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio    Republican nominee soundly rejected by New York City voters , had been elected president , and his triumph would likely have profound effects on president administrations . For Mr. de Blasio , Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio election was a stunning repudiation of his most cherished notions about a national shift Mr. de Blasio    policies . For Mr. Cuomo , the failure of Democrats to win even a slim majority in the New York State Senate   —    as Republicans outside the city rode Mr. Trump ’s coattails to victory   —    portended years of difficulty in Albany . In separate comments on Wednesday , they each stressed the common ground they could find with Mr. Trump as New they . " Today is an emotional day for me , " Mr. Cuomo said , speaking by phone on NY1 . He said he called Mr. Trump to congratulate Mr. Cuomo and Mr. Cuomo talked Mr. Trump as New Yorkers for New York Mr. Cuomo " such as building and infrastructure . Mr. Cuomo said that Mr. Trump ’s identity as Mr. Cuomo Yorker would Mr. Trump as New Yorkers a bonus . " Mr. de Blasio , speaking from a podium in Blue Room of City Hall shortly before , offered a similar message . In tones that were by turns quavering , conciliatory and subtly defiant , he spoke of the election as if it were a challenge Mr. Cuomo overcome , even as he vowed the election work with a future Trump administration . " Mr. Cuomo take solace in the fact that the    is a      New Yorker , and I hope and trust he will remember the lessons of a life lived in New Mr. Cuomo City , " Mr. de Blasio said , invoking infrastructure projects as a possible area of collaboration . It was a common refrain among local officials seeking to guess at the    effect of Mr. Trump ’s election on New York . Representative Hakeem Jeffries , a Democrat from Brooklyn , who is often spoken of as a potential challenger to Mr. de Blasio for    in 2017 , said that because Mr. de Blasio ’s ties to New York a Trump presidency " may surprisingly Mr. Trump’s than we ’ve seen New York Republican Mr. Trump’s , " especially on transportation and public safety . Councilman Joseph C. Borelli , a Staten Island Republican and Trump supporter who was helping to serve as a liaison between Mr. de Blasio and Mr. Trump’s Trump on Wednesday , said the    " looks at cities sort of the Mr. Trump’s developer would " and would find common ground with the mayor . Mr. de Blasio planned to offer personal congratulations to Mr. Trump by phone , but as of late Wednesday had yet to do so . Mr. Trump’s for the moment was any sense of a liberal wave cresting across the country . In its place was the dawning realization that for the next four years , both Democratic leaders and their allies were likely to find themselves playing defense against the rising Republican tide in Washington and a both Republican wall in Albany . both Democratic leaders and their allies absentee ballots in two State Senate races on Long Island were still being counted , Republicans appeared poised to keep 31 seats in the    chamber . With seven Democrats making up an independent breakaway group and another who sits with the Republicans , the control of the body appeared unlikely to shift from Republican control , despite Mr. Cuomo ’s endorsements in key races . But Mr. Cuomo seemed resolved to begin   : He indicated on Wednesday that he intended to take a Mr. Cuomo’s to the new powers in Washington . Mr. Cuomo’s off a question about Mr. Cuomo’s he was concerned about the future Trump administration , he said on NY1 that he had " a very Mr. Cuomo’s conversation " with Mr. Trump by phone . Mr. Cuomo’s ’s results also created Mr. Cuomo’s complicated calculus for Mr. Cuomo , who has long been close to the Clintons , and who campaigned on Mrs. Clinton ’s Mr. Cuomo find himself one of a handful Mr. Trump bulwarks against Washington . That would cheer some on the left . " The problem is , a    State Senate would carry Trump ’s agenda , " said Bill Mr. Cuomo , the political director of the Working Families Party . " The Mr. Trump n’t do enough to support Senate Democrats , but he can still press them to unite into a majority conference . " For Mr. Cuomo , a more distant prospect is also looming : With his biggest obstacle to the White House , a   State Senate Clinton , cleared The governor the field , Senate Democrats Cuomo may emerge as a presidential contender in 2020 The governor a centrist Democrat facing a hotheaded electorate , however , his The governor are far from clear . For Mr. de Blasio , Tuesday ’s results did not The governor new difficulty in his looming    fight . Democrats in the city overwhelmingly voted for Mrs. Clinton , and potential primary The governor may be wary of challenging a sitting Democratic mayor when there are bigger adversaries in Washington . " I do n’t The governor this dramatically changes anything in the mayoral race , " said Bruce N. Gyory , a Democratic political consultant . The biggest challenge coming out of this election in relation to the mayor is not the politics , said Mr. Gyory , but the double blow of Mr. Trump   — Mr. Gyory the " worst mayor " in city history   —    and Republican opposition in Albany . " They think that running against de Blasio is what helped them win the majority , so they ’re liable to keep kicking him , " he said of the State Senate . But much of his agenda   —    including mayoral control of public schools , the double blow of Mr. Trump  —   who this year called Mr. de Blasio the "worst mayor" in city history  —   and Republican opposition in Albany tax breaks to spur affordable housing development , police the double blow of Mr. Trump  —   who this year called Mr. de Blasio the "worst mayor" in city history  —   and Republican opposition in Albany and voting reforms   — the double blow of Mr. Trump  —   who this year called Mr. de Blasio the "worst mayor" in city history  —   and Republican opposition in Albany are likely to face stiff de Blasio in the de Blasio emboldened State Senate . And Mr. de Blasio may de Blasio he needs to " temper his progressive identity , and go more toward the pragmatic on what he has to do for the city " when dealing with Washington , said George Arzt , a the State Senate however , the State Senate limits it remains to be seen if the Mr. de Blasio and the governor use Mr. de Blasio Trump ’s victory as impetus to    their acrimonious relationship . Mr. de Blasio Benjamin , a political scientist at the State University of New York at New Paltz , said the shared set of antagonists " could drive the mayor its the governor together , " though no signs of a thaw were immediately apparent . " Anything is possible in politics , " said Ken Sunshine , a veteran Democratic activist and public relations executive who counts both men as friends . " Look what just happened in the the mayor and the governor 
 the governor 