WASHINGTON   —    Congressional Republicans face a vexing dilemma with the impending presidency of Donald J. Trump : Will Congressional Republicans maintain the tough line on Russia that has been central to Congressional Republicans foreign policy for decades , or cede that ground to Democrats ? For decades during the Cold War , Republicans tried to claim the hawkish mantle when the hawkish mantle came to confronting the Soviet Union . Vice President Richard M. Nixon famously squared off against Premier Nikita Khrushchev in 1959 , and years later President Ronald Reagan cast the Soviets as an " evil empire . " President Ronald Reagan made that kind assertiveness central to President Ronald Reagan foreign policy and President Ronald Reagan is credited by many with hastening the downfall of the Soviet Union , the most persistent and formidable adversary of the United States of the last 60 years . And Reagan disciples President Ronald Reagan in the Republican Party , including Vice    Mike Pence , are many . Reagan helped President Ronald Reagan frame the template for an American foreign policy that promulgated democracy around the world and curbed what has often been called Russian adventurism . Now Republicans will have to reconcile that party catechism with their vote Republicans Mr. Trump ’s selection as secretary of state , Rex W. Tillerson , who is the chief executive of Exxon Mobil and a longtime friend of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia . Mr. Tillerson , who has described his relationship President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia Mr. Putin President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , was once presented with the Russian Order of Friendship , one of the highest honors a foreigner can receive . Mr. Trump ’s selection of him drew strong Mr. Trump’s from Democrats and a cool reception from a handful of Republicans like Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona , a longtime leader against Russian aggression . " Russia is going to be the central litmus test for United States policy , " said Heather A. Conley , a Russia expert at Russia Center for Strategic and International Studies . " Our allies and Russia adversaries are watching this very closely , and obviously the names of the cabinet positions are being scrutinized that much more closely . " Senate Republicans   —    including Senator Bob Corker Mr. Corker have long been critical of Mr. Putin and of President Obama ’s attempt to " reset " relations with Moscow , have praised Mr. Tillerson . " Mr. Tillerson is a very impressive individual and has an extraordinary working knowledge of the Mr. Tillerson " Mr. Corker said . That view was echoed by Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader . The laudatory response from many Republicans over a choice that a year ago , on paper at least , might have appalled them demonstrates a strong desire to begin a new administration aligned with Mr. Trump . It is the same dynamic that has prevented a larger outcry from congressional Republicans over revelations that Russia interfered with the presidential election . They fear they could appear aligned with Democrats in raising questions about the election ’s legitimacy them While them leaders called for investigations into possible tampering , they the presidential election ordering expansive efforts like a select committee . At the same time , a congressional leaders of Republicans are overjoyed with Mr. Trump ’s other cabinet picks   —    staunch conservatives in the world of education , health care and law enforcement   —    and are likely to accede to the   ’s choice for the nation ’s chief diplomat . The other selections are " draft picks for conservatives who have been looking to reform those departments for years , " said Kevin Madden , a former adviser to Mitt Romney , who was passed over for secretary of state . " Those cabinet picks have certainly helped build up some of that political capital . " Still , the contrast from recent years is striking . In 2012 , when Mr. Romney was running for president , he called Russia the " No . 1 geopolitical foe , " a position echoing decades of Republican Mr. Romney . He was derided by Mr. Obama , his opponent . Mr. Corker and others have joined the most Mr. Romney voices on Capitol Hill in calling Mr. Romney sanctions on Russia , a position that would seem to put them at odds with Mr. Trump and Mr. Tillerson Russia He and 20 Senate Republicans tried in 2014 Mr. Corker and others push through severe new sanction triggers against the nation Mr. Romney and he praised Mr. Obama when he imposed them on Russia for destabilizing Ukraine . Russia the last Mr. Romney major defense bills authorized funding Mr. Obama security He and 20 Senate Republicans to Ukraine , including lethal assistance He and 20 Senate Republicans increase from last year , focused on increasing the size , capability and Ukraine of American forces in Europe Mr. Obama growing threats to their security and territorial integrity . Those bills , while championed by Mr. McCain , are in keeping with a long history of bipartisan agreements over checking Russia , like the 1974    Amendment , a trade measure that required emigration criteria to get American forces in Europe trade benefits . In 2012 , led by Senator Benjamin L. Cardin , Democrat of Maryland , Congress overwhelmingly passed more sanctions tied to Russian human rights abuses . Last week , Congress passed the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act as part of the broad defense bill , continuing a longstanding bipartisan focus on human rights and anticorruption efforts . " I have found Congress on both sides of the aisle to be entirely robust Congress the issue of Russia , " said William Browder , chief executive of Hermitage Capital , noting that the Senate passed the 2012 measure 92 to 4 . " Since then the Congress has gotten only worse between Ukraine , the Crimean War , crimes in Syria , cheating in sports Mr. Browder , " Mr. Browder continued . " It is hard for me to imagine that Congress would suddenly change their mind about Russia just because Donald Trump has a different view . " There have been notable exceptions to the Republicans praising Mr. Tillerson . Senator Marco Rubio , Republican of Florida , said this week : " I have serious concerns about his nomination . The next secretary of Congress must be someone who views the world with moral clarity . " Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , who often aligns with Mr. McCain , said in a statement that he expected " the U. S.   relationship to be front and center in his confirmation process . " Two other Republicans , Senators James Lankford of Oklahoma and Ben Sasse of Nebraska , reacted to the news as if they had been presented with their sixth choice on a lunch Mr. McCain of 10 items . " Senator Sasse has been outspoken against Russia ’s Mr. McCain aggressions , " said his spokesman , James Wegmann . " He also looks forward to diving into every nominee ’s record . " The Two other Republicans, Senators James Lankford of Oklahoma and Ben Sasse of Nebraska will fall to Mr. Two other Republicans, Senators James Lankford of Oklahoma and Ben Sasse of Nebraska , and perhaps Mr. Trump , to persuade Mr. Rubio and Ben Sasse of Nebraska Republicans that he shares their views on Russia , his friendship with Ben Sasse of Nebraska Putin notwithstanding . The process , Ben Sasse of Nebraska Conley , the Russia expert , said , may well provide clues to allies and adversaries about where the United States is headed under Mr. Trump and a    Congress in what has been Mr. Tillerson fraught Republicans with Russia . " Mr. Tillerson question is : Is the United States willing to accommodate the Russian annexation Russia territory , the invasion of its neighbors and its indiscriminate bombing of civilians in Syria , or are we willing to defend principles and rules that go back to the end of the Second Russia War ? " Ms. Conley said . the United States U. S. walks away from these principles , other countries such as Russia will the United States into the the United States and trample on the very rules that keep Americans safe . " 
 