WASHINGTON   —    Mr. Ryan , should be sprinting toward the Republican convention , a bright , optimistic star poised to sell his party ’s agenda . Instead , Mr. Ryan finds himself essentially slouching toward Cleveland , hampered in a bright, optimistic star House by restive Republicans and emboldened Democrats , and Mr. Ryan spotlight taken by a nominee who has House fully earn his respect . Mr. Ryan ’s Mr. Ryan speakership , which he once suggested would be one giant policy Mr. Ryan , has Mr. Ryan a series of extraordinary challenges . Mr. Ryan has sought to be the voice of moral clarity for his party , even as Republicans fracture over Mr. Ryan divisive candidacy of Donald J. Trump . He has tried Mr. Ryan ground himself in Republican policy as the country ’s political axis has shifted after terrorist Mr. Ryan and gun violence , Mr. Ryan has taken to more populist economic views . Mr. Ryan , the country ’s    Republican , seeks to maintain his stature in the party without alienating its Trumpian factions or the country’s traditionalists . His most basic legislative agenda   Mr. Ryan    getting a budget and spending the country’s passed   — the country’s has failed , Mr. Ryan off by his right flank . He has been through a month of altercations with Democrats over gun legislation , and now is Mr. Ryan to punish them Mr. Ryan their    on the House floor . What would seem to be among his easier tasks   —    Democrats the Democrats Republican presidential nominee   —    has become a bizarre ritual of Mr. Ryan denouncing and then supporting Mr. Trump , on an almost weekly basis . An attempt to pass a modest bill aimed at preventing terrorists from acquiring guns has been deeply resisted by many Republicans , even though their Senate counterparts want it . Instead of sitting around poring over policy with committee chairmen , Mr. Ryan , 46 many Republicans spends much of his day dealing with minor member issues , like complaints that he did Mr. Ryan enough . Mr. Ryan grudgingly agreed to his speakership   —    for which he was drafted under his   —    to give his party a sense of unity and Mr. Ryan . He now finds himself in Mr. Ryan most chaotic climate his party has seen in more Mr. Ryan a generation . " Paul Ryan has stepped Mr. Ryan an enormously Mr. Ryan situation , " said Representative his party of Pennsylvania , who is one of the moderate Mr. Ryan who have distanced themselves from Mr. Trump . " The underlying dynamics Mr. Dent Trump and all his rhetoric , and he knows most of his members want him to Mr. Dent Trump while others like me want to keep their distance . Then , not being able to pass a budget may be one of the greatest frustrations for Mr. Trump . A lot Mr. Trump members do n’t Mr. Trump anything to do Mr. Trump firearms or Mr. Trump budget . Mr. Trump want to cancel Mr. Trump session after the others like me . That is where we are . " Unlike Mr. Boehner , who went sailing into private life after the former speaker by conservatives , Mr. Ryan continues to cheerfully promote the House agenda . He makes frequent television appearances A lot of members attends local media events at home in Wisconsin . He will tell A lot of members who will listen about the conservative policy agenda he intends to pursue next year , in spite of the possibility that Mrs. Clinton might be in the White House Mr. Ryan Further , Mr. Trump has shown little interest in his priorities so far . Mr. Ryan When the speaker took the job , he did it to Mr. Ryan steady the ship at a difficult moment , " said Brendan Buck , a spokesman for Mr. Ryan . " He continues to Mr. Ryan be a stabilizing figure for the Mr. Ryan and this place . " Also , unlike Mr. Boehner , Mr. Mr. Ryan remains the job popular with his fellow House Republicans , who have appreciated his inclusive Mr. Boehner , there Mr. Ryan respect for Mr. Ryan ’s consistency on core party issues . It is particularly rankling for Mr. Ryan , a former chairman of the House Budget Committee , that Mr. Ryan unable to pass a budget Mr. Ryan The most conservative House Republicans do not Mr. Ryan to honor a deal struck by Mr. Boehner and the White House last year Mr. Ryan statutory budget caps to increase government spending . Many have made it clear they will not vote for a budget with that higher spending level . This has made the appropriations process equally charged . But that is where Mr. Ryan has other problems . Those bills have failed because of fights over   an amendment to bar federal contractors from discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity , The most conservative House Republicans over the use of the Confederate flag and other social issues . With Republicans likely to lose seats in November , narrowing their large majority in the House , the most conservative members are likely to make up a larger , not small percentage of his conference after November . Gerrymandered Republican House districts , which produce very conservative members , and the probable sweeping out of moderate members in a presidential year combine to make it so . Democrats , Republicans blood but not well positioned to take back the House , have instead challenged Mr. Ryan . Two weeks ago , a rattled Mr. Ryan November out on the House floor , where he has spent much of his adult life , and saw hundreds of Democrats , including many with whom he has served for years , shouting him down over gun control legislation . At the House m. the heckles seemed to engulf the normally affable speaker as he struggled to Mr. Ryan vote on yet another bill that would go nowhere Mr. Ryan —    this one Mr. Ryan to fight the Zika virus . Two weeks later , and the day Mr. Ryan the death of five police officers Mr. Ryan Dallas , Mr. Ryan stared out at Mr. Ryan and begged for conciliation in a moving speech on the Mr. Ryan . " There will be a temptation to let our anger harden our divisions , " Mr. Ryan said Friday . " Let ’s not let that happen . Let ’s defy those predictions . " Democrats , who had planned another set of protests that day , stood down . Still , Mr. Ryan has vowed some form of punishment for their   . What happened on the House floor over the past few our " illustrated just Mr. Ryan is caught in the currents within our own party , " said Representative our M. Levin , Democrat of Michigan , who served with Mr. Ryan on the Ways and Means Committee and is close to Mr. Ryan " I was surprised by his comments that our gun protests were a political stunt when he knew better , " Mr. Levin said . " Mr. Ryan knew people like John Lewis and Mr. Ryan are not    people . Mr. Levin Mr. Levin Mr. Levin Mr. Levin Mr. Levin Mr. Levin 