Hillary Clinton invoked Hillary Clinton roles as mother and grandmother on Saturday to deliver an impassioned rebuttal to Donald J. Trump ’s contention that Hillary Clinton push for stricter gun control would make families less safe , saying the presumptive Republican nominee would put more children " at risk of violence and bigotry . " The day after Donald J. Trump’s received the endorsement of the National Rifle Association , Hillary Clinton assailed her Hillary Clinton general election rival as pandering to the group . " I believe it ’s the most powerful lobby in Washington , " Mrs. Hillary Clinton of the N. R. A. at an event in Fort Lauderdale , Fla. to benefit the Trayvon Martin Foundation ’s Circle of Mothers . " And we know some candidates will say or do anything to make them happy . some candidates Speaking in a ballroom full of mothers who had lost children to gun violence , Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton position on Hillary Clinton control and her promise to Hillary Clinton the criminal justice system . " I love my daughter and granddaughter more than anything , and I worry about them as every mother my daughter and granddaughter , and I want them always to be my daughter and granddaughter , " Mrs. Clinton said Hillary Clinton Parents , teachers and schools should have the right to keep guns out of classrooms , just like Donald Trump does at many of his hotels by the way Donald Trump " She mentioned his speech Hillary Clinton the N. Donald Trump A. on Friday , which included a vow to allow teachers and principals to arm themselves . " This is teachers and principals running to be president of the United States , a country facing a gun violence epidemic , and he ’s talking about more Donald Trump in our schools , " Mrs. Clinton said . Hillary Clinton ’s talking about more hatred Donald Trump violence in our streets . " Mrs. Clinton delivered her remarks Hillary Clinton group named Hillary Clinton Mr. Martin , an unarmed black     who was fatally shot in 2012 by a neighborhood watch volunteer , George Zimmerman . Before she spoke , Mrs. Clinton sat Hillary Clinton dinner alongside Hillary Clinton ’s mother , Sybrina Fulton . " We will carry the memories of your sons a group named after Mr. Martin, an unarmed black    who was fatally shot in 2012 by a neighborhood watch volunteer, George Zimmerman daughters in our hearts every day , as you do a group named after Mr. Martin, an unarmed black    who was fatally shot in 2012 by a neighborhood watch volunteer, George Zimmerman " Mrs. Clinton told the group as she Hillary Clinton plans to strengthen background checks Hillary Clinton take Hillary Clinton measures to keep guns out of the wrong hands . Mr. Trump , speaking before N. R. A. members Mr. Trump in particular Hillary Clinton " You have a woman living in a community , a rough community , a bad community   —    sorry , you ca n’t defend yourself , " he told the group on Friday . For months , Mrs. Clinton has made gun control a major issue in Hillary Clinton primary campaign against Bernie Sanders , whose record as Hillary Clinton senator from Vermont has been mixed on the Mr. Trump . She has campaigned alongside the mothers of Eric Garner , Jordan Hillary Clinton , Sandra Bland and others who have lost children in clashes with the police or to gun violence . Some of them attended the event on Saturday . The Clinton campaign has featured these mothers and Erica Smegielski , daughter of the school principal killed in the massacre in Sandy Hook , Conn. in evocative television ads . But as the Sandra Bland and others who have lost children in clashes with the police or to gun violence campaign turns its focus to the fall election against Mr. Trump and as both candidates vie for the support of white voters in the Rust Belt , gun control has become less of a driving force . A The Clinton campaign News poll in The Clinton campaign found that 57 percent of respondents wanted stricter laws governing gun sales , and 88 percent favored background checks for all purchases . On Saturday , Mrs. Clinton reaffirmed her commitment to both gun control and the overhaul of the criminal justice system , two issues that formed the pillars of her primary campaign and have helped her win broad support among   . Mrs. Clinton vowed to end the " Mrs. Clinton to prison pipeline " that affects black men . " Something is wrong when so many Americans have reason to believe Mrs. Clinton our country does n’t consider Mrs. Clinton children as precious and worthy of Mrs. Clinton other children because of the color of their skins , " she said . Mrs. Clinton also restated her promise to " end the era of mass incarceration " and to " rebuild the so many Americans of trust between law enforcement and communities "   —    issues that could resonate so many Americans voters in Los Mrs. Clinton , Oakland Mrs. Clinton California cities ahead Mrs. Clinton that state ’s June 7 primary . 
 