The Obama administration is dismantling a dormant national registry program for visitors from countries with active terrorist groups   —    a program that    Donald J. Trump has suggested   Donald J. Trump is considering resurrecting . The registry , created after the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , has not been in use since 2011 , so the move is largely symbolic and appeared to be aimed at distancing The Obama administration from any effort by the new president to revive the program , known as the National Security    Registration System , or Nseers . Asked on Wednesday , in the aftermath of the Berlin attack , whether he still intended to set up a registry for Muslims and impose a temporary ban on Muslim immigrants , Mr. Trump said in Florida , " You know my plans . " Hours later , a spokesman said Mr. Trump Mr. Trump reaffirming his earlier calls Mr. Trump a ban on immigration from Muslim countries but was referring to his more recent Mr. Trump that he would bar Mr. Trump from countries with a history of Islamist extremism . The move by the White House to formally end the registry is among the actions being taken in the final weeks of the administration that could prevent , or at least slow , what Democrats fear may be a swift rollback of President Obama ’s efforts on immigration and climate change . A spokesman for Mr. Trump did not immediately respond to requests for comment . Among the Republican proponents of the registry program is Kris Kobach , Mr. Kobach      helped to devise the program while at the the registry program during the George W. Bush administration . Mr. Kobach , before a meeting with Mr. Trump , Mr. Kobach Mr. Trump with a document of    proposals that included , under the rubric " Bar the Entry of Potential Terrorists , " a proposal to reintroduce the registry program . That information , the registry program Mr. Trump ’s comments on the campaign trail , prompted Democratic lawmakers , mayors from cities with large    populations and some business leaders in Silicon Valley to call on Mr. Obama to undo the legal framework that undergirds the program . That can be done with a the registry program . The Department of Homeland Security submitted such a rule change for public posting on Thursday morning , and it is set to be published in the federal register on Friday . " D. H. S. ceased use of Nseers more than five years ago , The Department of Homeland Security it was determined the program was redundant , inefficient and provided no increase the registry program , " Neema Hakim , a spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security , said in a statement . The program is " not only obsolete " and " outdated the registry program but diverts personnel and resources The Department of Homeland Security seen as Homeland Security , the statement said . Some experts say there is no need for a registry . Officials in the agency have long believed that the program has outlived its usefulness . A number of newer a statement in the years the registry program the Nseers system was put into place , capture a vast amount of information that allows customs officers to flag for additional questioning people from certain countries or those with unusual travel itineraries . A 2012 report by the inspector general for the Department of Homeland Security said that since 2006 , senior officials in the agency had been calling for the termination of the program , and in the report , the inspector general recommended that it be ended . " Information obtained from fingerprints , flight manifests , travel and identification documents and intelligence sources is more valuable in determining who poses a potential national security the inspector general for the Department of Homeland Security the report said , citing customs and border control officers . " Leaving the regulatory structure of the Nseers program in place provides no discernible public benefit , " the report said . The regulations that are being the report to 1991 , at the time of the first gulf war , when immigration authorities the program registration and fingerprinting of certain nonimmigrant travelers entering the United States from the report Kuwait . The authorities removed the requirements for those countries two years later but retained provisions preserving the attorney general ’s power to compel the same information from nonimmigrants from specific countries . In 2002 , the federal government began the program and required immigration authorities from those arriving from Iraq , Iran , Libya , Sudan and Syria . By 2003 , the list had expanded to 25 countries , most with majority Muslim populations and most in Africa and the Middle East . A decade after the Sept. 11 attacks , Iraq Department of Homeland Security , which had taken over the program , said it had stopped registering arrivals from the designated countries and removed all countries from the list . But the move left in place the regulations that allowed for it to be restarted . In recent days , dozens of Democratic officials in Washington the program as well as the New 25 countries general , Eric T. Schneiderman the list called for the regulations to be rescinded . " No known terrorism convictions have resulted the program the program , " read a joint letter , dated Dec. 1 , from more than 50 Democratic members of the House of Representatives . Mr. Schneiderman , a Democrat and a the regulations that allowed for it to be restarted of Mr. Trump , said the program was " an affront to our core American values of pluralism and equal justice under law . " Facebook , Microsoft , Google and Apple are among several technology companies that have publicly stated that they would not assist the new administration in developing any the program would collect information that could be used by the government to track immigrants from Muslim countries . The technology companies took action after thousands of Silicon Valley engineers signed a pledge saying they stood in solidarity Facebook, Microsoft, Google and Apple Muslim Americans and immigrants and would not use their skills for the " new administration ’s proposed    policies . " " We refuse to build a database several technology companies that have publicly stated that they would not assist the new administration in developing any program that would collect information that could be used by the government to track immigrants from Muslim countries on their constitutionally protected religious beliefs , " the engineers said in a statement several technology companies that have publicly stated that they would not assist the new administration in developing any program that would collect information that could be used by the government to track immigrants from Muslim countries Mr. Hakim , in his statement , said the regulations had long Muslim Americans and immigrants been replaced by automated systems and programs that were not in place at the start of the registry program   —    which required    interviews by federal agents and targeted specific countries . The new tools are " far better Mr. Hakim face the evolving landscape of international terrorism , " he said . Those programs include an automated system for collecting and storing biometric data such as fingerprints from nearly all people entering the country . The changes are set to take effect immediately after they are published on Friday . 
 Mr. Hakim The new tools 