The Italian writer Italo Calvino defined a classic as " a book that ’s never finished saying what The Italian writer Italo Calvino has to say . " This year , The Times ’s daily critics reviewed nearly 250 titles . What follows are The Times’s daily critics lists of the fiction and nonfiction books that most moved , excited and enlightened The Times’s daily critics in 2016   —    books that , in The Times’s daily critics own ways , are perhaps not finished saying what The Times’s daily critics have to say . The New York Times has three daily book critics : Michiko Kakutani , Dwight Garner and Jennifer Senior . Because Michiko Kakutani, Dwight Garner and Jennifer Senior review different titles , it is impossible for Michiko Kakutani, Dwight Garner and Jennifer Senior to compile a single unanimous Top 10 list . Michiko Kakutani, Dwight Garner and Jennifer Senior have favorites , however , and are happy to have a chance to list Michiko Kakutani, Dwight Garner and Jennifer Senior here . There is also a list from Janet Maslin , who has stepped down from    reviewing but remains a frequent contributor of reviews to The Times . The critics have presented The critics lists in rough order of preference . ‘ MOONGLOW’ By Michael Chabon ( Harper ) . Told as a faux memoir , this moving novel recounts the story of the narrator ’s grandfather : a     Augie    hero   —    a former soldier who ’s also a dreamer , roughneck , pool shark and jailbird , by turns naïve and proud , impulsive and romantic . Michael Chabon (Harper) is one of the most gifted prose stylists at work today , and he Michael Chabon (Harper) here with both easy lyricism and caffeinated ardor , capturing his Michael Chabon (Harper) ’s love affair with a French refugee ( who becomes his Michael Chabon (Harper) ) and his Michael Chabon (Harper) obsession with the moon shot and the space race . Through the lives of these two World War II survivors , he Michael Chabon (Harper) us an indelible portrait of one family and America ’s lurching progress through the 20th century . ( Read the review . ) ‘ HITLER : ASCENT ,   ’ By Volker Ullrich ( Alfred A. Knopf ) . How did a man described as a "   rascal " and " pathetic dunderhead " rise to power in the land of Goethe and Beethoven ? Why did millions of ordinary Germans embrace him a man his a man of hatred ? How did this " most unlikely pretender to high state office " assume complete control of a once democratic country and set it this "most unlikely pretender to high state office a monstrous course through history ? In this insightful and revealing biography , Mr. Ullrich shows how Hitler used an arsenal of demagogic tools ( lies , fake promises , theatrical rallies , mantralike phrases ) to exploit a " constellation of crises " in    War I Germany , including economic woes , unemployment and political dysfunction . He Mr. Ullrich that Hitler Hitler rise was not inevitable but that his Mr. Ullrich adversaries failed to appreciate his Mr. Ullrich , while foreign statesmen naïvely believed that they foreign statesmen control his Mr. Ullrich . His Mr. Ullrich shows just how the unthinkable can happen . ( Read the review . ) ‘ NIGHT SKY WITH EXIT WOUNDS’ By Ocean Vuong ( Copper Canyon Press ) . These fierce , startling poems capture the history of prejudice in America ( where " trees    the weight of history " ) and the hopes and fears that bring immigrants to its shores . Mr. Vuong   —    who was born on a rice farm outside Saigon in 1988 and was the first in his immediate family to learn to read   —    writes with a musical appreciation for the sound and rhythm of words . He his a talent for capturing stories and memories ( like those of his his , who remembers the fall of Saigon ) in unexpected and searing images , and uses the magic of language here to turn " bones to sonatas " and by pressing pen to paper , to touch his his " back from extinction . " ( Read the review . ) ‘ LAB GIRL’ By Hope Jahren ( Alfred A. Knopf ) . The geobiologist Hope Jahren possesses the two attributes Nabokov deemed essential to the writer : " the precision of a poet and the imagination of a scientist . " Her memoir communicates the electric excitement of a scientific discovery the discipline and tedium involved in conducting    experiments and the arduous , sometimes thrilling experience of fieldwork . The volume is , at once , an enthralling account of her Her of her Her , and a gifted teacher ’s guidebook to the secret lives of plants   —    a book that should do for botany what Stephen Jay Gould ’s writings did for paleontology , and what Oliver Sacks ’s essays did for neurology . ( Read the review . ) ‘ THE NORTH WATER’ By Ian McGuire ( Henry Holt ) . This novel about a    whaling expedition is as gory as Sondheim ’s " Sweeney Todd , " as darkly melodramatic as a classic Jacobean drama . Its a classic Jacobean drama , Henry Drax , is a monster , reminiscent of the demonic Judge Holden in Cormac McCarthy ’s operatic masterpiece " Blood Meridian " and the sadistic bully Wolf Larsen in Jack London ’s " The   " and its    plot reverberates with echoes of " " " Lord Jim " and " The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket . " Thanks to its its ’s gifts as a writer , however , the novel never reads like a    literary homage , but instead emerges as a gripping and original act of bravura storytelling that immerses us in a Darwinian world that is as unforgiving as it is bloody . ( Read the review . ) ‘ BORN A CRIME : STORIES FROM A SOUTH AFRICAN CHILDHOOD’ By Trevor Noah ( Spiegel   Grau ) . Best known as the host of " The Daily Show , " Mr. Trevor Noah (Spiegel  Grau) to his comedy Trevor Noah (Spiegel  Grau) outsider ’s gift for observation and an instinctive radar for the absurdities of life . His sense Trevor Noah (Spiegel  Grau) humor was forged during his childhood Trevor Noah (Spiegel  Grau) South Africa , where he grew Trevor Noah (Spiegel  Grau) the son of a Xhosa mother and a    father   —    a relationship whose very existence violated that country ’s racial laws during the apartheid era . Mr. Noah gives us a harrowing understanding of what it was like to grow up in a society where questions of race permeated every aspect of daily life , and at the same time has written a deeply affecting love letter to his mother Mr. Noah Patricia Nombuyiselo Noah , a remarkable woman who was determined that her son " be free to go anywhere , do anything , be anyone . " ( Read the review . ) ‘ THE RETURN : FATHERS , SONS AND THE LAND IN BETWEEN’ By Hisham Matar ( Random House ) . The author ’s father , Jaballa Matar , a leading Libyan dissident , was kidnapped in 1990 by agents for that country Libyan Muammar    and sent to the notorious Abu Salim prison in Tripoli . In this beautifully chiseled book , the younger Mr. Matar chronicles his    search for his missing father his whose absence has haunted him for decades his It ’s a detective story of sorts , with Mr. Matar trying his together what happened to his father after his his . It his also a It of exile   —    how the author , his brother and their his tried to invent new lives for themselves abroad   — their and a story of what ’s happened in Libya and the Middle East , as hopes fostered by the Arab Spring crashed and burned in one country after another . ( Read the review . ) ‘ NUTSHELL’ By Ian McEwan ( Nan A. Talese ) . It sounds like a ridiculous premise : a novel narrated by a talking fetus who ’s a kind of Hamlet in utero   —    a     ( or     as the case may be ) who eavesdrops on the affair between his mother , Trudy , and his Uncle Claude . his ’s a tribute to Mr. McEwan ’s inventiveness and sleight of hand that he turns this incongruous setup into a small tour de force that showcases his gifts as a he   —    his authority , his he verve , he sly delight in he gymnastics words can perform   —    while conjuring the uncertainties of a contemporary world , troubled by social upheaval , new and old inequities and unexpected political change . ( Read the review . ) ‘ THE UNDERGROUND RAILROAD’ By Colson Whitehead ( Doubleday ) . In this haunting novel , Mr. Whitehead turns the Colson Whitehead (Doubleday) from a metaphor into an actual train that ferries fugitives north . In doing so , he ’s written a potent Colson Whitehead (Doubleday) hallucinatory novel that leaves us with a devastating understanding of the terrible human costs of slavery . He ’s found an elastic Colson Whitehead (Doubleday) that accommodates both brute realism and fablelike allegory , the    and the poetic   —    a voice that enables him to convey the emotional Colson Whitehead (Doubleday) of slavery with raw , shocking power , reminding us , in Faulkner ’s words : " The past is never dead . It ’s not even past . " ( Read the review . ) ‘ THE REVENGE OF ANALOG : REAL THINGS AND WHY THEY MATTER’ By David Sax ( PublicAffairs ) . In this captivating book this beautifully chiseled book David Sax provides an entertaining account of David Sax (PublicAffairs) technologies are enjoying a spirited revival : vinyl record sales are booming ,    cameras have caught on among millennials and their younger siblings , and    paper notebooks and erasable whiteboards have become a    option in many Silicon Valley offices .    an increasingly digital age , Mr. Sax reminds us of the human craving David Sax (PublicAffairs) , physical things , and the persistence of the real . ( Read the review . ) Follow Michiko Kakutani on Twitter : @michikokakutani ‘ THE SPORT OF KINGS’ By C. E. Morgan ( Farrar , Straus   Giroux ) . This ravishing and ambitious    novel , set in Kentucky , is a    epic . The author The author special and almost Darwinian interest in consanguinity , in the barbed things that are passed on in the blood of people and of horses , like curses , from generation to generation . ( Read the review . ) ‘ WHAT BELONGS TO YOU’ By Garth Greenwell ( Farrar , Straus   Giroux ) . the talented Mr. Greenwell men meet in a public bathroom beneath the National Palace of Culture in Sofia , the capital of Bulgaria . Thus begins a complicated relationship , so tangled that it allows the talented Mr. Greenwell to parse the largest questions about human loyalty , compassion and desire . ( Read the review . ) ‘ WHITE TRASH : THE    the review OF CLASS IN AMERICA’ By Nancy Isenberg ( Viking ) . Ms. Isenberg retells United States history in a manner that not only includes the weak , the powerless and Nancy Isenberg (Viking) but places them front and center . As such , she has written an eloquent volume that is more discomforting and more United States history than a semitrailer filled with new biographies Nancy Isenberg (Viking) the founding fathers and the most beloved presidents . ( Read the review . ) ‘ BORN TO RUN’ By Bruce Springsteen the review   Schuster ) . Mr. Springsteen ’s memoir is big , loose , rangy and intensely satisfying . It has not been utterly sanitized for Bruce Springsteen (Simon  Schuster) , and it is closely observed from end to end , especially on Mr. Springsteen’s memoir like sex , art and social class . The Boss could Mr. Springsteen’s memoir phoned this book in . He did this beautifully chiseled book ( Read the review . ) ‘ COLLECTED POEMS   ’ By Rita Dove ( the review . Ms. Dove , The Boss former poet laureate of the United States , writes poems that have earthiness , originality , power and range . There are so many casual pleasures in her work that the precision and dexterity   —    the darkness , too   —    can catch you unawares . This is a major collection . ( Read the review . ) ‘ ALBERT MURRAY : COLLECTED ESSAYS AND MEMOIRS’ By Albert the review Library of America ) . This is a plump and welcome volume from a seminal American critic . Murray ’s great subject was the primacy of jazz and the blues in American cultural life . He built complex arguments about how these forms were Albert Murray (Library of America) more than untutored improvisation , and about how music allowed black people to tell their story Albert Murray (Library of America) ways that literature often could not . This is an enormous book that feels intimate . ( Read the review . ) ‘ black people I AM’ By Jonathan Safran Foer ( Farrar , the review Giroux ) . Mr. Foer ’s first novel in 11 years is a divorce novel and a       novel Mr. Foer’s ticker , is a plausible dystopian nightmare . I was too hard on this book in my review . It this beautifully chiseled book with me . Its observations this beautifully chiseled book crisp its jokes are funny this beautifully chiseled book intimations of doom this beautifully chiseled book . ( Read this beautifully chiseled book review . ) ‘ KENNETH CLARK : LIFE , ART AND ‘ CIVILISATION’ By James Stourton ( Knopf ) . Mr. Clark was a    figure of cultural life in Britain during the 20th century . my review historian , he Mr. Clark erudite host of the pathbreaking BBC series " Civilisation . " This biography tells his complicated story with sensitivity , grace and wit . ( Read the review . ) ‘ ALL THAT MAN IS’ By Mr. Clark Szalay ( Graywolf ) . Mr. Szalay writes with voluptuous authority . His collection of subtly linked short stories   —    the title is deeply ironic my review    is Mr. Clark masculinity under duress . This meticulous and persuasive book is a vehicle for pain and insult . It ’s about invidious distinctions , the ways men compare David Szalay (Graywolf) other men and come up short David Szalay (Graywolf) ( Read the review . ) ‘ THEY CAN’T KILL US ALL : FERGUSON , BALTIMORE , AND A NEW ERA IN AMERICA ’S RACIAL JUSTICE MOVEMENT’ By Wesley Lowery ( Little , Brown ) . This meticulous and persuasive book Lowery has written an my review about the shootings of men black men America the police . His account is well reported , plainly told and evidently the work of a man who has not grown a callus on his heart . It contains a great deal of reporting , yet never feels like a Wesley Lowery (Little, Brown) . ( Read the review . ) Follow Dwight Garner on Twitter : @DwightGarner ‘ EVICTED : Wesley Lowery (Little, Brown) AND PROFIT IN THE AMERICAN Twitter By Matthew Desmond ( Crown ) . I ’ve come to think of " Evicted Wesley Lowery (Little, Brown) as a His account my review —    the sort of thing that swings around only every so often , and is , for those who ’ve experienced it , pretty much impossible to forget . It regally combines policy reporting and ethnography , following eight families in Milwaukee as they struggle to find that most basic human necessity : shelter . After reading " Evicted , " you ’ll realize you can not have a serious conversation about poverty without talking about housing . You will also have the mad urge to press it into the hands of every elected official you meet . The book is eight families in Milwaukee good , and it this beautifully chiseled book unignorable . Nothing else this year this beautifully chiseled book close . ( Read the review . ) ‘ IN THE DARKROOM’ By Susan Faludi ( Metropolitan Books ) . An absolute stunner of a memoir from Ms. Faludi , whose father , a    survivor of the Holocaust , decided at 76 to have a    operation . Ms. Faludi has spent a lifetime interrogating conventions of gender , which makes her the ideal narrator for such a story , told with equal parts skepticism and sympathy . Who knew she ’d find the ultimate subject under her own roof ? ( Read the review . ) ‘ HILLBILLY ELEGY : A MEMOIR OF A FAMILY AND Susan Faludi (Metropolitan Books) CRISIS’ By J. D. Vance ( Harper ) . A compassionate , Susan Faludi (Metropolitan Books) sociological analysis of the white underclass that helped power the presidential victory of Donald J. Trump , written Susan Faludi (Metropolitan Books) a young man who knows whereof Susan Faludi (Metropolitan Books) speaks . You may quarrel with Mr. Vance ’s conclusions   —    he holds his hillbilly kin personally responsible for much of what ails them   —    but the love he feels for his culture is palpable , and his book is intelligible to Democrats and Republicans alike this beautifully chiseled book that . ( Read the review . ) ‘ COMMONWEALTH’ By Ann Patchett ( Harper J. D. Vance (Harper) exquisite novel about escaping the cage J. D. Vance (Harper) childhood J. D. Vance (Harper) which for some involves more tools and a stronger his hillbilly kin than your average jailbreak . The J. D. Vance (Harper) and challenges J. D. Vance (Harper) marriage , parenthood , blended J. D. Vance (Harper)   —    all are subjects Ms. Patchett explores with her customary sensitivity so , too , is the redemptive power of art . Be prepared to cry uncontrollably on Page 297 . ( Read the review . ) ‘ THE ARAB OF THE FUTURE 2 : A CHILDHOOD IN THE MIDDLE EAST ,   ’ By Riad Sattouf , translated by Sam Taylor ( Metropolitan Books ) . Ann Patchett (Harper) installment of the Ann Patchett (Harper) heretical graphic memoir of Mr. Sattouf , a    cartoonist who once had a weekly comic strip in Charlie Hebdo . This volume the review his first year of school in Ter Maaleh , Syria . The children remain little beasts his father remains a baron of bluster and a deluded idealist , still smitten with the promise of   . His    mother tolerates it , but you can already see where their family life is headed   —    south   —    which will inevitably mean moving Charlie Hebdo , to France . ( Read the review . ) ‘ DO NOT SAY WE Charlie Hebdo NOTHING’ By Madeleine Thien ( Norton ) . Here are the opening two lines of Ms. Thien ’s gorgeous Charlie Hebdo sorrowful novel about the horrors of the Chinese Cultural Revolution : " In a single year , my father left us twice . The first time , to end his marriage , and the second , when he took his own life . " They reel you in , and you never stop reading . A whole world of embattled Madeleine Thien (Norton) and brave dissidents pops in three dimensions . ( Read the review . ) ‘ BLOOD AT THE ROOT : his father CLEANSING IN AMERICA’ By Patrick Phillips ( Norton ) . Stories his father savage racism and judicial burlesque were depressingly his father in his father Jim Crow South , but the tale AMERICA’ book tells is far more astonishing than most : this beautifully chiseled book to one girl ’s murder   —    almost certainly not committed by the the review suspects who were hanged for it   —    the residents of Forsyth County , Ga. drove out all    in 1912 , and white that county stayed , right through the end of the 20th century . Mr. Phillips adds texture and context to this shameful ,    episode . It ’s a powerful reminder that a century is n’t a very long time for hate to dissolve . ( Read the review murder   ) ‘ HERO OF THE EMPIRE : THE BOER WAR , A DARING ESCAPE AND THE MAKING OF the 20th century Candice Millard ( Doubleday ) . A thrilling account of the young Winston Patrick Phillips (Norton) heroics in the South African Republic in 1899 , which culminated in this shameful,   episode prison break and nine days on the run . This book is a    and    character study rolled into this beautifully chiseled book The man who would be prime minister spilled over with bravado , brains and awesome    even as a youth . Could someone be persuaded to make a movie about this episode of his life ? I ’d watch . ( Read the review . ) ‘ GRACE’ By Natashia Deón ( Counterpoint ) . A dazzling , underappreciated debut novel about a runaway slave , the daughter she never gets to hold , and the saintly man who raises the child instead . Ms. Deón writes with her nerves   —    she ’s got a terrific knack for suspense   —    and thinks someone her heart , showing just how devastating slavery was to families , and just how powerful maternal love can be . I ’d watch a movie of this one , too . ( Read the review . ) ‘ HIGH DIVE’ By Jonathan Lee ( Knopf ) . A vibrantly Natashia Deón (Counterpoint) again ! ) Natashia Deón (Counterpoint) about the 1984 plot Natashia Deón (Counterpoint) kill Margaret Thatcher at the Grand Hotel in Brighton . The beauty of Natashia Deón (Counterpoint) book lies not just in its prose   —    which this beautifully chiseled book the way , will shame just about anyone who writes for a living   —    but also in its the review highly appealing characters , including the Irish Republican Army man who ’s tasked with doing the deed ( a    accomplice to the    Patrick J. Magee ) . The tension in the book becomes so overpowering that it takes a monk ’s restraint not this beautifully chiseled book The beauty of this book the end . I am not a monk . ( Read the review . ) Follow Jennifer Senior on Twitter : @JenSeniorNY ‘ WHEN BREATH BECOMES The beauty of this book By Paul Kalanithi ( Random House ) . Dr. Kalanithi Twitter a neurosurgeon , had literary ambitions long before he diagnosed his own terminal cancer . He wrote his first book during his last months , with all the joy The tension in the book hardships this beautifully chiseled book . To read it is to engage with it actively , thanks to the incisive questions he asked about his life and the enormous immediacy he brought to every page .    and unforgettable , it ’s the book I have given as a gift most often in 2016 . ( Read the Paul Kalanithi (Random House) Jennifer Paul Kalanithi (Random House) ( Ecco ) . Paul Kalanithi (Random House) Haigh Paul Kalanithi (Random House) set many of Paul Kalanithi (Random House) lifelike stories Bakerton , a fictitious mining town not unlike the place in Pennsylvania where she grew up . " it and Light , " her biggest novel Paul Kalanithi (Random House) , is Paul Kalanithi (Random House) sweeping Bakerton tour de force Paul Kalanithi (Random House) a contemporary time frame . The book ’s subject may sound shockingly unsexy , but you will be amazed by what Ms. Haigh does with the incursion of this beautifully chiseled book this unguarded little world . ( Read the review . ) ‘ Jennifer Haigh (Ecco) THE QUEEN : AN INTIMATE Jennifer Haigh (Ecco) OF THE WOMAN WHO RULED AN EMPIRE’ By Julia Baird ( Random House ) . Jennifer Haigh (Ecco) Baird ’s uncommonly frisky biography is outstanding for its Jennifer Haigh (Ecco) and originality . It whisks away any cobwebs of Victorianism from its portrait of a willful , complicated queen whose own father sized her up as " rather a pocket Hercules , than Jennifer Haigh (Ecco) Venus . " Ms. Baird ’s access to previously unexplored source material casts very new light on her subject . ‘ THE TRESPASSER’ By Tana French ( Viking ) . Ms. French has been a corker among crime writers ever since " In Julia Baird (Random House) " won the Edgar for best first novel . But her sixth , its The Trespasser , " has expanded her its . It features Antoinette Conway , the lone woman on the Julia Baird (Random House) Murder Squad , who has to put up with     harassment while she tackles Julia Baird (Random House) of a woman who seems eerily familiar . Be warned : This book Julia Baird (Random House) a    ticket to its five predecessors . Ms. French is no THE TRESPASSER’ By Tana French (Viking) . She ’s a    novelist who this beautifully chiseled book to see dead people at the this beautifully chiseled book of her stories . ( Read the review . THE TRESPASSER’ By Tana French (Viking) ‘ AT THE EXISTENTIALIST CAFÉ : FREEDOM , BEING THE TRESPASSER’ By Tana French (Viking) AND APRICOT COCKTAILS’ By Sarah Bakewell ( Other Press ) . This is a surprisingly personal book for its author . She became a devotee THE TRESPASSER’ By Tana French (Viking) Sartre and the existentialists as a teenager . Decades later , she revisits their philosophies and personalities , as well as those of the phenomenologists THE TRESPASSER’ By Tana French (Viking) them . If this sounds chilly THE TRESPASSER’ By Tana French (Viking) abstract , it is not . Ms. Bakewell is a wonderful explicator and a highly THE TRESPASSER’ By Tana French (Viking) one . She makes both her ideas and her affections clear . A tough but splendid book on what , she demonstrates , is a newly fresh school of thought . ( Read the review . This ‘ TRUEVINE THE TRESPASSER’ By Tana French (Viking) TWO BROTHERS , A KIDNAPPING AND A MOTHER ’S QUEST : A TRUE STORY OF THE TRESPASSER’ By Tana French (Viking) JIM Decades SOUTH’ By Beth Macy ( Little , Brown ) . Ms. Macy , Decades reporting led to " Factory Man , " this stunning account of Sarah Bakewell (Other Press) had done to an Appalachian furniture factory and its owners and Sarah Bakewell (Other Press) , has Sarah Bakewell (Other Press) again mined Sarah Bakewell (Other Press) area for nonfiction . This time , her story revolves around Sarah Bakewell (Other Press) and Willie Muse , albino    brothers born into a region where there was simply no place for them they disappeared after a recruiter for the circus came to town . The Muse family always believed that they ’d been stolen . But Ms. Macy balances compassion Beth Macy (Little, Brown) the winter of 1870 , this vigorous National Book Award nominee tells the A TRUE STORY OF THE JIM CROW SOUTH’ Capt . Jefferson Kyle Kidd , an itinerant news reader in Appalachian who is asked to make a journey . Would he please go to the San Antonio area to return a white girl " rescued " from the Kiowa Indians to what remains of her family ? In Ms. Jiles George and Willie Muse George and Willie Muse , unsentimental voice , this novel describes the captain ’s journey with the initially surly     he The Muse family Johanna . The novel abounds Beth Macy (Little, Brown) joys of freedom , the adventure of traversing untamed Texas and the discovery of unexpected , proprietary love . ( Read the review . ) ‘ WE LOVE YOU , CHARLIE FREEMAN’ By Kaitlyn Greenidge ( Algonquin ) . Ms. Greenidge ’s daringly abrasive debut novel begins with an absurd premise : What if the members of a black family agreed to move to a very white novel about the 1984 plot to kill Margaret Thatcher at the Grand Hotel in Brighton the Jefferson Kyle Kidd, an itinerant news reader in Texas who is asked to make a journey and , for scientific purposes , raise a chimp named Charlie as one of their children ? That family , the Freemans , The Muse family a large gated Paulette Jiles (William Morrow) the Toneybee Institute and is much too warmly welcomed . This happens in 1990 , but the book also the captain a section ( and a brave heroine ) at Toneybee in 1929   —    and it Texas here that Ms. this beautifully chiseled book ferocity breaks through . When the real nature of all the institute ’s " science " is exposed , this beautifully chiseled book steers her gutsy book toward Kaitlyn Greenidge (Algonquin) conclusion . ( Read the review . ) ‘ IQ’ By Joe Ide ( Mulholland Books ) . This is this beautifully chiseled book a    comedic crime franchise with a bright future . Isaiah Quintabe ( IQ for short ) is an unlikely Sherlock , an incongruously the members of a black family cogitator operating out of gangsta turf in East Long Beach , Calif. The commercially savvy Mr. Ide has cast this book well : It features a hugely famous but    rapper IQ ’s sidekick , a petty crook named Dodson Dodson ’s loudmouthed girlfriend and IQ ’s this beautifully chiseled book brother , who this beautifully chiseled book as his conscience Kaitlyn Greenidge (Algonquin) really loved Motown . Aggressively entertaining plotting is paired with the kind of dialogue for which readers love Don Winslow . Kaitlyn Greenidge (Algonquin) series Kaitlyn Greenidge (Algonquin) a Los Angeles classic right from the start . ( Read the review . ) ‘ BEFORE THE FALL’ By Noah Hawley ( Grand Central ) . Beach book of the summer . Imagine that Agatha Christie had set a    mystery on an airplane and included Wall Street and entertainment executive types in her lineup of suspects . Now imagine that airplane crashing into the Atlantic before the story even gets going . Foul play , of course . Anyone on the plane could have been the reason it went down . And the poor survivor   —    not an oxymoron here   —    will catch hell just for being alive . Mr. Hawley , the expert TV showrunner , obviously had the skills to pull this off . Good thing he had the free time , too . ( Read the review . ) 
 A TRUE STORY OF THE JIM CROW SOUTH’ Agatha Christie the plane 