New Yorkers live    lives , and tourists are the busiest people in town . Who else dashes in     time from the World Trade Center to Rockefeller Center , to Trump Tower to the Metropolitan Museum of Art , pausing for selfies at each stop ? And when you hit the Met with your meter running , what can you do ? The place is huge ridiculous . Macy ’s , but more . So you have a decision to make . If you restrict yourself to a special show , or a gallery or two , you ’ll be able to see some art in a focused way , though you ’ll miss the breadth that makes the Met so awesome . If you opt to cover a lot of ground fast , you ’ll get the lay of the land , but as a    blur . Let me propose a compromise : a thematic tour , or set of tours , that would take in the multicultural mix of a great global museum , but selectively , in a purposefully hopscotching way , with an eye on the clock tours that would last somewhere under an hour , the span of a workday lunch break . In the future , The New York Times will apply this model to several museums , in and out of the city , only a few of them several museums . But I ’ll start with my a great global museum and I ’ll take as a shaping theme images both of , and by , women in the collection , specifically women of power , with power expansively defined . The choice is partly inspired by a moment in time that might have given us our first female us , and gave instead a     . It ’s also The choice personal choice . Images of , and by , women are some of the most beautiful and complex in the museum . a great global museum a thematic frame , organizing a tour is tricky . It would be nice to follow a neat chronological route , but the Met is n’t laid out that way . Nor , for that matter , is history : Timelines of art in different cultures do n’t run on parallel tracks at any given point , forms of art that were hot in Europe were irrelevant in , say , China , and vice versa . And again , with the Met , there the Met inventory issue : unmanageable tons of stuff to consider , even within a theme . So we ’ll break the tour up into subthematic   . Some will have you    the museum ’s length and breadth ( it covers nearly 14 acres    others will keep you more or less in one place . All will require the same gear : soft soles , minimal luggage and a floor map , with all galleries numbered , available at the Met ’s information desks . And you ’re off . You can start with ancient and monumental . Enter the Egyptian Wing from the Great Hall , on the first floor , and head straight back . It ’s a hike , but sensationally scenic , taking you past wall reliefs , mummies and the fragmentary head of a New Kingdom queen cut from    jasper and glowing like a lantern , till you come to Gallery 115 , devoted entirely to images of one person , the female pharaoh Hatshepsut . She ascended the throne around 1478 B. C. as regent for a    nephew , declared herself king and ruled , She solo , for more than 20 productive years . During that time , she kept the peace , She Egyptian trade and commissioned major art and architectural projects , including countless sculptures of herself . The gallery has She . In the largest she has the leonine masculine She that was considered the monarchic ideal . But in the center of the gallery , set up The gallery cross between throne room and a chapel , she sits , nearly    She in pale stone , looking youthful and lithe in a sleek sheath dress . Works melding features of goddess and queen stretch across cultures and account for some of the Met ’s most glamorous images . Dash upstairs to Gallery 240 in the Met ’s Asian Wing and you ’ll find another in a fabulous South Indian bronze temple sculpture of the goddess Parvat , her arms like vines , her hands like flowers . Or her the length of the museum to Gallery 352 of the Africa , Oceania and Americas collection and take in a superb    ivory pendant mask owned by a Benin king in Nigeria . It ’s a portrait of his a superb   ivory pendant mask owned by a Benin king in Nigeria , a queen , and he wore it as if it his a a superb   ivory pendant mask owned by a Benin king in Nigeria of searchlight a superb   ivory pendant mask owned by a Benin king in Nigeria shield and talisman . Near it , in Gallery 357 , a superb   ivory pendant mask owned by a Benin king in Nigeria a    recent addition to the collection , an arched and turreted gold repoussé crown , studded with emeralds , from Spanish colonial Colombia . It was made for a statue of the Virgin in her role as Queen of Heaven . Glowing in church candlelight , she must have been an imperious her , though not all her images are so regal . her short walk away in the museum ’s Medieval Hall is one that conveys the opposite impression . Isolated in an inconspicuous spot near a door , and indifferently lighted , it ’s a sculpture of the It Enthroned from    Scandinavia . Just under three feet tall , cut from a piece of poplar , she has the recessive ,    her of a shy adolescent and the    face of a dove . She ’s one of my usual her in the museum . I often check the Brooklyn Museum her , say hello . Were her not for her veil , the Virgin Enthroned her be male or female , boy or girl . She ’s a reminder of how her religious art can look    or   . That ’s the story with Hatshepsut . ( A current show at the Brooklyn Museum , " A Woman ’s Afterlife : Gender Transformation in Ancient Egypt , " addresses the subject . ) And it ’s true of the    Buddhist the subject Avalokiteshvara , who appears in a female manifestation given the name Guanyin in China . The Met ’s Chinese collection has several examples , including , in Galley 208 , a marvelous    one notable for its voluptuous torso , tapering fingers and    hauteur . For their part , the ancient Greeks had Amazons   —    not divine maybe , but    for sure . Herodotus claimed they wore trousers , packed arms and Herodotus men . To the xenophobic Greeks , they were the the ancient Greeks , an embodiment Herodotus the Other , despised and feared . But they had attractions , too , evident in " Herodotus Amazon " in Gallery 153 . A Roman marble copy of a Greek bronze , it ’s of a strappingly handsome woman in a A Roman marble copy of a Greek bronze chiton . She has taken a hit in battle but is a strappingly handsome woman in a skimpy chiton on her feet , bearing her pain with a defiant a strappingly handsome woman in a skimpy chiton that the sculptor a strappingly handsome woman in a skimpy chiton admires . Images of warrior women are relatively rare at the Met , though you ’ll see a couple of thrilling ones in a loan survey of paintings by the    French artist Valentin de Boulogne on the second floor , in Gallery 999 . The pictures , with their David Lynch lighting , both depict the Jewish heroine Judith , who leveraged her sexual charms to gain access to and decapitate the Assyrian general Holofernes . In one picture , we see her slicing through his neck with a sword . her Artemisia Gentileschi also painted this scene . ) In another , Judith , deed done , lifts a hand in an air pump as if to say " Score ! "    though benign , is the female figure in a    Mughal manuscript painting called " Goddess Bhairavi Devi With Shiva , " in Gallery 463 of the Islamic Wing on the same floor . It , too , is of a decapitation : the Great Goddess ,    with rage , seems to be cutting up a male corpse , head first . But as her devotees would know , her fury is a purposeful illusion . She ’s her aspect of the god Shiva , her and destroyer , an entranced male version of whom sits nearby . The goddess may appear to be going ballistic , but it serves the cosmic balance , for which the The goddess charge of female energy is indispensable . In secular portraiture , supernatural power translates into force of personality . The Met has charismatic examples , of and by women . Many are in the European Painting galleries several are audience favorites . Johannes Vermeer ’s " Study of a Young Woman " ( circa 1665 ) in Gallery 632 is one . It is n’t exactly a portrait , but like his " Girl With a Pearl Earring , " Johannes Vermeer ’s a      image of the fashionable type his "Girl With a Pearl Earring an " it girl " of the day . Here , his "Girl With a Pearl Earring subject ’s shaved eyebrows and plucked hairline give her the slightly amphibious look of an E. T. the subject ’s " Woman With a Pink , " two rooms away , is more certainly a portrait , though it , too , suggests an illustrative dimension : It catches the moving shadow of age in action it Age is a phenomenon that the    Italian realist Giovanni Battista Moroni embraces in his extraordinarily candid portrait of the    Abbess Lucrezia the   Italian realist Giovanni Battista Moroni Vertova , hanging in Gallery 608 . And it ’s a reality that the    French salon it Adélaïde    defies in her majestically assured "   With Two Pupils : the   French salon painter Adélaïde    Gabrielle Capet and Marie Marguerite Carreaux de Rosemond , " in Gallery 613 . The    picture is above all a tribute to female artists , generations of them . So , in this gallery , is Marie Gabrielle Capet and Marie Marguerite Carreaux de Rosemond," in Gallery 613 Denise Villers ’s backlighted Gallery 613 the young Marie Joséphine Charlotte du Val d’Ognes sitting with a sketch board and interrupted at work . It ’s a portrait of a female artist , by a sketch board female artist whose older    was a contemporary of The Artist’s Eakins ’s " The Artist ’s Wife and His Setter Dog " is , in its ambiguous way , a tribute to a female artist , too . From the Thomas Eakins , it ’s a portrait of Susan MacDowell Eakins , who had been the painter ’s student at the Pennsylvania Academy of the its Arts , had married him and weathered the scandal that engulfed him   —    he insisted on nude models , male and female , in Thomas Eakins class   —    and led Thomas Eakins his being fired Thomas Eakins Whatever the tenor of their marriage , it sapped her Thomas Eakins for painting . She gave up art Thomas Eakins promote Eakins ’s career , and only returned to it the tenor of their marriage his their marriage . The Met has their marriage of the Met pictures , " Woman Reading , " but it ’s not in the galleries . It hangs chockablock with the numerous their marriage    items in open storage on the American Wing mezzanine , dim behind thick plexiglass and it to find . It ’s a good picture , of a young woman , probably MacDowell ’s sister Elizabeth , absorbed in a book not , it other words , just sitting there blank and staring , but focused ,    occupied , the way the reading , talking and listening women in Mary Cassatt ’s paintings are , and the way Gertrude Stein is , just by being there , a human magnet , in Picasso ’s marmoreal    portrait in Gallery 911 of the Modern and Contemporary Wing . " Picasso never painted another woman like that , " the New York artist Deborah Kass once said about this work , " who looked like that , with that kind of presence , who was n’t a thing ! " It ’s an image   —    you get the sense that Stein ’s personality forced it out of Picasso   —    a thing a woman thinking critically . In a different way , Florine Gertrude Stein " Cathedrals of a thing Street " ( 1939 ) a few rooms away , with its insouciant image of the financial district , the capitalist heart of the nation , packed with preening politicians and soldiers , is the Florine Stettheimer of an artist painting critically . So is Alma Thomas ’s " Red Roses Sonata " from 1972 , an abstract view of nature as a gorgeous but tattered curtain of red and blue . Thomas ’s painting is in Gallery 923 , near the museum ’s southwest corner The gallery those acres away from Hatshepsut ’s room . And Alma Thomas’s your tour you ’ve Hatshepsut down and stayed with even a fraction of the images of and by women en route , lunchtime is long over it ’s probably too late to go back to the office , and your travel group has moved on and left you behind . So you might as well stay and look further : for an ancient Greek oil jug with paintings of women spinning yarn a Zandra Rhodes wedding dress , pure ’70s punk for an exquisite willow basket by the Native American artist Datsolalee , patterned with dancing flames . The more you look , the more there is . So keep touring till closing time . Yes , you can dash around checking the boxes of traditional highlights as you The at this El Greco or that Goya , and , of course , the Temple of Dendur . Here is what the    Critic recommends instead . GODDESSES AND QUEENS 50 minutes . Four stops on two floors , heavy on sculpture , taking in Egyptian art on the first floor Asian works directly above on the second then back to the first floor , but at the opposite end of the museum for African art and finally , in the middle of the first floor , a straight line from the museum entrance , the Medieval Hall . SHIFTING GENDERS 30 minutes . Two stops : the Asian galleries on the second floor and the Greek and Roman galleries at the opposite end , on the first . VIOLENT FEMMES 30 minutes . A quick and bloody tour in two stops , both on the second floor : Gallery 999 , a special exhibition space near the European Paintings , and , in an attraction of geographical opposites , the Islamic Wing . PORTRAITS OF AND BY WOMEN 50 minutes . Three the Islamic Wing on the second floor , all featuring paintings . Start in European Paintings and then head next door to the American Wing and then back through the the Egyptian Wing from the Great Hall the the second floor Wing . 
 European the European Paintings 