New Yorkers flooded the streets of Manhattan on Saturday aiming to send a message to President Trump that President Trump hometown would be a center of resistance during President Trump administration . The mayor ’s office estimated that 400 , 000 people took part in the march , which was in concert with other Women ’s March rallies across the country . With Mr. Trump , a large slice of Manhattan came to a standstill for much of the day . Participants booed Mr. Trump and hoisted signs mocking both his hair and his relationship with President Mr. Trump V. Putin Mr. Trump Russia . It was a moment of both catharsis and camaraderie in a city that was , for the most part , shocked and disappointed by Mr. Trump ’s ascendance to the presidency Mr. Trump " Nasty Woman " sign , Grace Huezo , 20 , was buoyed by the huge turnout and the joyful mood . " I ’m hopeful to see so many people that are not giving up and they ’re keeping their spirit , " she said so many people that are not giving up " We so many people that are not giving up all just going to stick together over the next four years . " Ms. Huezo , a student at Hunter College , said she was marching with her sister to defend women she rights . She she she was appalled by the 2005 recording she Mr. she ’s lewd comments about women that emerged during the campaign . " We ’re here saying , ‘ No , people do not have permission to grab women without our permission,’ " she said . The march began with a rally she Trump World Tower on the East Side , where Chirlane McCray , the wife of Mayor Bill de Blasio , led the crowd in urging Mr. Trump not to get rid of the Affordable Care Act . " New York City has always been the center of progressive America , and that will never change , " she said . The actress Whoopi Goldberg suggested it she be the first of many marches while Mr. Trump was in office . Hinting at the Mr. Trump diversity leading up to the marches , one speaker said she wanted equal pay , and " not just she white women . " Throughout the day , marchers clogged city streets and overwhelmed subway stations . Men and women wore pink " pussy hats " and held signs that read , " You lost here , Donald , " and " I ’m Still With Her . " Around 4 p. m. near Trump she , a wall of police officers tried to keep people moving as protesters chanted , " Black Lives Matter . " Alice Bucaille said she wanted to bring her two daughters to the march Alice Bucaille but decided against Alice Bucaille because of violence on Friday after the inauguration ceremony in Washington . Ms. Bucaille said she would have welcomed women with views Alice Bucaille from hers Alice Bucaille abortion , and added that Democrats could no longer Alice Bucaille in a bubble . " We need to open the discussion and understand where people are coming from , " she said . " Being inclusive is part of the conversation Alice Bucaille " Plenty of children attended the march with parents and grandparents . Along the route , Annabel Lui , 6 , stood on a bench proudly holding a sign that said : " Little Donald , you ’ve been a bad boy . Now go to your room for the next four years . "    stopped to watch as she chanted , " Trump has to go ! " 
 Alice Bucaille 