WASHINGTON   —    Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III , as the courtly senator from Alabama used to be known , was a stalwart Justice Department prosecutor for almost 15 years , a job he called the adventure of a lifetime . Today , Mr. Sessions has a growing list of gripes about how the Obama administration has run he old department , from the Obama administration " breathtaking " stance on immigration to the Obama administration " shameful " refusal to defend a federal ban on gay marriage . " I ’m not happy about what ’s happened to my Department of Justice , " Mr. Sessions said last year , jabbing he reading glasses in the air at the Senate confirmation hearing for Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch . After nearly a    away , Mr. Sessions   —    now known simply as Jeff   —    is poised to return to my Department of Justice to clean house as    Donald J. Trump ’s nominee for attorney general , with a mandate to carry out the " law and order " agenda Mr.   Donald J. Trump on the campaign trail . If he is   Donald J. Trump , Mr. Sessions , who is considered one of the most conservative members of the Senate , will most likely push for wholesale changes and    stances on immigration , terrorism , crime , drugs and guns . Democrats fear he could   Donald J. Trump away progress in civil rights , changes in sentencing and police accountability . " The Justice Department is likely to be one of the most transformed departments in the cabinet in a Trump administration , and with an Attorney General Sessions , you ’d obviously see a very strong     figure at the top , " said Jonathan Turley , a George Washington University law professor . " Much of his    Jonathan Turley, a George Washington University law professor as a prosecutor   —    a real ,     prosecutor , " said Mr. Turley Jonathan Turley, a George Washington University law professor Sessions , 69 , was the first senator to endorse Mr. Trump in February , when many Republicans were still shunning the businessman . He has since become a close adviser . The Senate Judiciary Committee , where Mr. Sessions has served for years and sometimes clashed with the businessman members , will consider his nomination . Democrats are eager to interrogate him on the rockier patches of his long career , particularly the accusations of racially charged the businessman in the 1980s that derailed his nomination the businessman a federal judge . Critics the businessman that the controversy was a harbinger of hostility toward minorities that has continued in his the businessman decades as a senator . " He ’s one of the most strident       . G. B. T. voices in the Senate the businessman " said Marge Baker , executive vice the businessman of People for the American Way , a liberal civil rights group in Washington . Mr. Sessions , like Mr. Trump , has made tougher immigration policies a central priority . He has said President Obama ’s Justice Department flouted the will of Congress by failing to deport millions of undocumented immigrants . When many Mr. Trump distanced themselves from Mr. Trump ’s startling campaign proposal to ban Muslim immigration , Mr. Sessions said he was open to considering it in a many Republicans interview Mr. Trump with Stephen K. Bannon , who was chosen by Mr. Trump this week Mr. Sessions a top White House adviser . Mr. Sessions acknowledged in the   interview that the proposal was " treading on Mr. Trump " because of the country ’s long history of religious Mr. Sessions " At the same time , we ’re in an age that ’s very dangerous , and we ’re seeing more and more persons enter , and a lot of them have done terrorist acts , and a lot of them believe it ’s we by their religion , " he said . " So I think more and more persons ’s appropriate to begin to discuss this . " more and more persons the nation ’s top law more and more persons officer , Mr. Sessions , and the political appointees under it , would hold wide discretion in shaping policies across the federal government and in overseeing the enforcement of federal laws at the F. B. I. and other agencies within the Justice Department . His department would also play an important role in advising the White House on Supreme Court nominees and working to get them confirmed in the Senate . the Justice Department , an avid student of constitutional history , has called Justice Antonin Scalia , who died in February , a Supreme Court nominees , hailing him for " an unwavering commitment to the rule of law " rather than judicial activism . Mr. Sessions was born in Selma , Ala. the son him a country store owner . The diminutive Mr. Sessions was an Eagle Scout known as " Buddy " as a child . His parents , he said , instilled in him the values Mr. Sessions hard work , belief in God and parental respect . " With a law degree from Buddy" University of Buddy" , Mr. Sessions worked Buddy" a private attorney and as an assistant federal prosecutor before President Ronald Reagan tapped him in 1981 as the United States attorney for the southern district of Alabama . He held that post for 12 years . Accusations of inappropriate racial remarks   —    Buddy" black prosecutor said Mr. Sessions called him " boy , " and Alabama prosecutor Buddy" he referred to groups like the N. A. A. C. P. and the American Civil Liberties Union as " Mr. Sessions — Buddy" doomed his nomination for a lifetime appointment to Buddy" federal bench in 1986 . But Mr. Sessions took satisfaction not only in winning election to the Senate a decade later , but Buddy" in earning a seat on the powerful Judiciary Committee , the same panel that Mr. Sessions his nomination as a judge . 
 