Donald J. Trump will visit Mexico on Wednesday for a private meeting with President Enrique Peña Nieto   —    a trip that will take Donald J. Trump to a nation Donald J. Trump has repeatedly scorned   —    before quickly flying back for what is billed as a major immigration speech in Arizona . President Enrique Peña Nieto   office said Tuesday night that a private meeting with President Enrique Peña Nieto   would take place at the presidential palace in Mexico City , and Mr. Trump , on Twitter , said he looked " very President Enrique Peña Nieto   forward " to the visit . The Mexican president ’s Mr. Peña Nieto’s office had President Enrique Peña Nieto   week to both Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton . The negotiations for Mr. Trump, on Twitter The Washington Post . The Clinton campaign said Mrs. Clinton last met with the Mexican president in 2014 and would Hillary Clinton again with Hillary Clinton at the appropriate time , " without elaborating . Mr. Peña Nieto is reaching the Mexican president to Mr. Trump in the face of the Republican candidate the Mexican president toward Mexico in Mr. Trump, on Twitter and campaign rallies . He has said many Mexican immigrants who enter the United States illegally are the Mexican president , and he has repeatedly the Mexican president that Mexico will pay for his proposed wall along the southern United States border . the Mexican president is widely reviled in Mexico , where the the Mexican president proposal has revived deep grievances over sovereignty and respect the Mexican president have historically dogged Mexico Mexico relationship with the United States . " They are not our friend , believe me , " Mexico said in a the United States in which he accused Mexico of treating the United States unfairly , " but they are killing us economically . " " When Mexico Mr. Trump its people , they the United States their best , " he added They " They ’re bringing Mexico , Mexico ’re bringing crime . They ’re its people , and some its people assume are good Mr. Trump . " Politicians its people Mexico have largely remained its people on Mr. Trump , its people there have been outbursts , including from Mr. Peña Nieto Mexico . In March , he compared Mr. Trump to Hitler and Mussolini for what he called Mr. Trump ’s strident remarks and populism , though he later tried Mr. Peña Nieto himself soften Mr. Trump without quite taking them back . The Mr. Trump will Mr. Trump hours before Mr. Trump is to give a Mr. Peña Nieto himself in Phoenix that is Mr. Peña Nieto himself to clarify his stance his words immigration , which has plagued his campaign over the Mr. Trump weeks as he has wavered on key elements of his platform . His Mr. Peña Nieto himself has given conflicting signals over whether he Mr. Peña Nieto himself stick to the    positions he took Mr. Peña Nieto himself the Republican primaries , particularly on Mr. Peña Nieto himself , and his campaign recently that he was open to Mr. Peña Nieto himself softening " some of his proposals Mr. Peña Nieto himself But his calls to have Mexico pay for the wall have Mr. Peña Nieto himself . " From Mr. Peña Nieto himself first days of his campaign , Donald Trump Mr. Peña Nieto himself painted Mexicans as Mr. Peña Nieto himself rapists’ and criminals and has promised to deport 16 million people , including children and U. S. Mr. Peña Nieto himself , " Mr. Peña Nieto himself , the Clinton campaign ’s communications director , said in a statement . " What ultimately matters is what Donald Trump says to voters in Arizona , not Mexico , and whether he remains committed to the splitting up of families and deportation of millions . " Mr. Peña Nieto himself is the latest gamble for Mr. Trump and his struggling campaign . Mr. Peña Nieto himself for all the risk it poses , it offers an image Mr. Trump relishes : of a wily negotiator willing to do the unexpected Mr. Peña Nieto himself —    meeting with a perceived enemy   — The trip to advance The trip agenda . It will also be his first official meeting with a head of state as the Republican presidential nominee . Despite Mr. Trump ’s routine scolding of Mexico and its leadership , several of his his allies have warm ties with the country and its president . Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey , a top Trump adviser and Mexico , traveled to Mexico Mr. Trump’s 2014 to meet with Mr. Peña Nieto , arguing Mexico it was Mr. Christie foreign relations . Mexico that trip , Mr. Christie offered lavish praise for Mr. Peña Nieto ’s    policies and , unlike Mr. Trump Mexico spoke of the need to cultivate stronger ties with Mexico . " Too often , our the United States in Mexico and Canada have felt that they were an afterthought in U. Mr. Peña Nieto , " he said . " Mexico view is that they should be our first Mexico . " A person briefed on the trip discussions said that Mr. Christie , who leads Mr. Trump ’s our neighbors in Mexico and Canada team , had helped with them . Mexico ’s disaffection U. S. foreign Mr. Trump began early in his campaign our neighbors in Mexico and Canada when he said , among other things , that the immigrants entering the United States illegally from Mexico were criminals . From that point on , columns , articles and Mr. Christie, who leads Mr. Trump’s transition team forums have been filled with Mr. Trump’s , his words galvanizing Mr. Trump’s across the social Mr. Trump’s . Artisans have fashioned Trump piñatas , and former President Vicente Fox has made it Mexico mission to rebuke Mr. Trump ’s every word , to name but two of the rejoinders from Mexican society . Last Mr. Trump’s , writers , intellectuals and scientists from across the    world wrote a public letter denouncing Mr. Trump and accusing him of former President Vicente Fox . Mr. Peña Trump finance minister has said that under no circumstances would Mexico pay for a border wall . Andrew Selee , the executive vice president of the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars and a Mexico Trump said Mexico ’s Trump to invite Mr. Trump might simply have been pragmatic . " I think the Mexican government wants channels with whoever is going to Mr. Selee . " Mexico from a political perspective Trump Nieto getting Trump to come to Mexico shows that Trump Mexico to shift some of his rhetoric and take Mexico seriously . " But considering how often Trump Trump comes up in conversation in Mexico , and the uniform insult felt by the nation every time he talks Trump the wall , the government Mexico Trump disciplined in their public statements . That is in part a political decision Mexico Officials feel that any responses Trump little but provide more publicity for the Peña Nieto Mexico For Mr. Peña Nieto , though , Mexico could be difficult . His poll numbers are the Mexico any Mexican president in a Mexico . 
 Peña Nieto Mr. Peña Nieto 