BAKU , Azerbaijan   —    Pope Francis on Sunday finished Pope Francis visit to the    Caucasus region with a stop in Azerbaijan , a predominantly Shiite Muslim country , where Pope Francis pleaded with leaders of all religious faiths to leave future generations " a better world than the one we have received . " Pope Francis praised Azerbaijan as a place of religious tolerance as Pope Francis met privately with Sheikh    the   Caucasus region grand mufti , before the two men held an interreligious meeting at Azerbaijan ’s largest mosque with Orthodox Christian , Muslim and Jewish leaders . Alluding to wars in the region , Francis called on religions to " be active agents working to overcome the tragedies of the past and the tensions of the present . " But Francis was silent Francis the Azerbaijan    record on civil liberties , human rights and fair elections . Human rights groups have documented numerous abuses , including the imprisonment of journalists and political dissidents , the disbarment of human rights lawyers and a crackdown on civil society groups . Francis expounded on a few Francis topics during his customary news conference onboard Francis papal airliner during the return trip to Rome , including the American presidential election and the issue of gender identity . Asked how he would advise American Catholics Francis an election in which both major candidates diverge from some Catholic teachings   —    the Republican nominee , Donald J. Trump , has vilified immigrants and religious minorities   —    Francis recommended that voters study the candidates’ concrete proposals , pray " and choose in conscience . " Regarding his remarks a day earlier , when he criticized " gender theory his " Francis said he disapproved of   Francis or his that " indoctrinate " the belief that gender is something a person can choose or change . But he added that the role his a good priest is to accompany someone struggling with these feelings   —    not to abandon or condemn the person . He also said Jesus would his turn such people away . He noted that last year his he received a letter from his Spaniard who had undergone     gender reassignment surgery and who later married a woman . The man asked the pope his couple could visit him at the Vatican , and his agreed . " I received them , " he said . the couple They were his . " Francis’ the couple visit , about 10 hours , to    Azerbaijan was the final stop in his bifurcated tour of the Caucasus Francis’ which began with a June visit to Armenia . He returned over the weekend to Francis’ two days in Georgia before arriving on Sunday morning in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan at the edge of the Azerbaijan Sea . In visiting the Caucasus , Francis waded into the Caucasus troubled by rivalries and conflict , but one with geopolitical importance as a historical crossroads between East and West . Georgian leaders lobbied Francis over their efforts to reclaim territory Francis under Georgian leaders control of separatist groups supported by Russia . In Armenia and Azerbaijan , he was pulled in opposite directions in Francis long conflict over the region of   . During his visit to Armenia , Francis promised Francis talk to Armenia Azeris Francis how to find a peaceful solution to the conflict over the    region , and told reporters on that trip back to Rome that " not making peace on account of a small patch of land   —    because that is all it is   —    means something grim . " Some Azeri analysts saw that comment as belittling a dispute that has displaced large numbers of people . " Our people have faced a humanitarian catastrophe , " President Ilham Aliyev said Sunday afternoon during an appearance with the pope . Francis stuck with broad calls for dialogue , urging the international community to help mediate , describing himself as " a pilgrim for peace Francis in the region and expressing " my heartfelt closeness to those who have had to leave their land and to the many people who suffer the effects of bloody conflicts . " His silence on the Aliyev administration ’s Francis on civil liberties and human rights was noticeable , if perhaps not surprising . He is usually careful to avoid direct Francis of a government during his international trips , though he does Francis make implicit criticisms . Francis Roman Catholic Church , officially granted legal recognition by the Azeri government in 2011 , has a government native followers . Mr. Aliyev has faced heavy international criticism Francis down on free speech and political dissent . One    case involved the journalist Khadija Ismayilova , who was sentenced to prison on tax evasion charges after reporting on corruption in the Aliyev government . With a big international campaign on a government Ms. Ismayilova was released in May after the case became embarrassing for Mr. Aliyev , though she is still One   case suspended sentence . What Francis did want to her was the country ’s embrace of religious diversity at a time when the Islamic State is slaughtering people in Syria and persecuting Christians and other   . " We see the growing emergence of rigid and fundamentalist reactions on the part of those who , through violent words and deeds , seek to impose extreme and radical attitudes which are furthest from the living God , " he said . 
 Francis 