( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Hillary Clinton released Hillary Clinton tax records for 2015 , showing that Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton husband paid an effective rate of 35 percent in federal taxes on income of $ 10 . 6 million . The move increased pressure on Donald Trump to reveal Donald Trump returns , the subject of political and financial speculation . Both candidates added details to Both candidates tax policies this week . Donald Trump would ease business regulations and lower taxes for the wealthy , aiming to boost the economy . Mrs. Clinton would tax the wealthy more heavily and hold the rate for the bottom 95 percent steady . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Mr. Donald Trump he was Donald Trump sarcastic in labeling President Obama and Mrs. Clinton founders of the Islamic State , comments that appeared to play well at rallies but confused some conservatives . He held Donald Trump more rallies in Pennsylvania , which has voted Democratic in the last six presidential elections but is crucial to his strategy Donald Trump Above , Reince Priebus , the head of the Republican National Committee , introduced him in Donald Trump . Our    podcast today features the    writer Thomas Friedman , discussing his column the   writer Thomas Friedman Mr. Trump ’s " Second Amendment " comment . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Katie Ledecky won another gold in Rio , becoming only the second woman to sweep the      and    freestyle races . She broke Katie Ledecky own Katie Ledecky record in the 800 , finishing the race in 8 minutes , 04 . 79 seconds . The American Maya DiRado upset Katinka Hosszu in the    backstroke , catching Hosszu near Katinka Hosszu wall , and Michael Phelps placed second in the    butterfly , finishing behind Joseph Schooling of Singapore . The first track and field gold medal came with a world record : Almaz Ayana of Ethiopia shattered the mark for the women ’s 10 , 000 meters by more than 14 seconds . Our full Olympic coverage is here . _ _ _ _ _ 4 .    and    forces are pouring into Aleppo , Syria , intensifying a battle that has trapped hundreds of thousands of civilians with little or no electricity and dwindling supplies of food and water . A merchant in the city described long lines for gas , bare shelves at groceries and hospitals crammed with wounded soldiers , militiamen and residents . " Hopefully there will be an end to the Syrian civilians’ misery , " a doctor said , " but we ca n’t see a light in the future . " _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Vladimir Putin surprised    by dismissing his chief Vladimir Putin staff , Sergei Ivanov , above left , a trusted aide for over four decades . His replacement Vladimir Putin Anton Vaino , fits with a recent pattern of younger loyalists displacing an older generation of Mr. Putin Vladimir Putin The Russian president " Vladimir Putin advice , he needs people who will carry Vladimir Putin his orders with as little fuss Vladimir Putin possible , " one analyst said . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Fox News started rebuilding its leadership , naming two veteran Fox News as    three weeks after Roger Ailes was forced out over accusations of sexual harassment . One of them , Bill Shine , figured Roger Ailes was forced out over accusations of sexual harassment with other executives in descriptions of a culture of intimidation given by women who accused Mr. Ailes of harassment . Both Roger Ailes and Mr. Shine have denied any wrongdoing . Bill Shine is expected to continue serving as chief executive until at least the presidential election in November . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . This is it for   . Alex Rodriguez , a player with a    roller coaster of a career , played his final game with the Yankees . His Alex Rodriguez ceremony came right before a home Alex Rodriguez against the Tampa Bay Rays . The Yankees won   . _ _ _ the Yankees the Yankees . Remember that Spanish widow ’s botched restoration of a fresco of Jesus ? Four years after turning into a mocking meme , the work has helped turn its home , the small city of Borja , the work a tourist mecca and even inspired a comic opera . The composer said he tried to reflect the tumult of the internet The composer drawing on " a Gregorian chant , a Spanish fandango , a Renaissance motet , a jota from Zaragoza , a classical chorus , an aria from the Zarzuela , a Flamenco tango , an    hook and a    bass line . " _ _ _ _ _ 9 . For your weekend : Here are some    options . On the small screen , Baz Luhrmann ’s Netflix series " The Get Down " revels as only he can in the Bronx of the ’70s , the dawn of   . Our book critics’ recommendations include "   Stories of God , " by Joy Williams , " a treasure trove of tiny wry masterpieces . " This    Magazine piece , " Fractured Lands : How the Arab World Came Apart , " helps make sense of the Islamic State , the Arab Spring , Europe ’s migration crisis and much more . And here are 20 recipes that involve little or no cooking , for those    days . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , the magnificent Perseids meteor shower will go on for days , but it ’s lost on most of us because there the magnificent Perseids meteor shower too much light pollution . The former mining town of Westcliffe , Colo. above , and its neighbor , Silver Cliff , have been honored the magnificent Perseids meteor shower a nonprofit working to stop light pollution as "   communities . " You could say they put themselves on the map by keeping themselves in the they . Have a great weekend they   _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. Your Evening Briefing and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 