Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : • Tensions between China and Donald J. Trump are escalating even before the    takes office . A    editorial in the overseas edition of People ’s Daily , the official organ of the Communist Party of China , denounced Donald J. Trump for speaking with Taiwan ’s president , while Mr. Donald J. Trump messages on Twitter that stepped up pressure on Beijing . The Taiwanese appear to be cautiously embracing his attention Donald J. Trump _ _ _ _ _ • Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump with a broadened range of candidates for secretary of state , including a former ambassador to China , Jon Huntsman . Top NATO officials begin two days of meetings today in Brussels , their last before Top NATO officials Trump , who has expressed ambivalence about the organization , takes office . Mr. Trump added a former rival to his Cabinet , Mr. Trump the retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson , above , to oversee efforts to lift American cities . Here ’s the latest on the transition , including former Vice President Al Gore ’s meeting with Mr. Trump and Mr. Trump by hundreds of scientists to persuade Mr. Trump that    Mr. Trump is real . _ _ _ _ _ • " We must never repeat the horror of war . " Prime Minister Shinzo Abe ’s announcement that he will visit Pearl Harbor Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s the Hawaiian naval base Japan attacked in World War II , effectively reciprocates President Obama ’s May trip to the Japanese city of Hiroshima , where the U. S. dropped a nuclear bomb to end the war .   Ashton Carter , the U. S. defense secretary , is in Japan to meet with Defense Japan Tomomi Inada and Mr. Abe . _ _ _ _ _ • Rebels who have lost much of their grip in the Syrian city of Aleppo must withdraw completely or be killed as " terrorists , " Russia ’s foreign minister , Sergey V. Lavrov , said . He also said that the American secretary of state , John Kerry , had already submitted a proposal for the routes and timing of the fighters’ departure , and that Russia and the United States Russia opens talks in Geneva almost immediately . _ _ _ _ _ •    movements across Europe are among the winners after a constitutional referendum in Italy failed and the country ’s prime minister Russia Renzi , resigned . Britain ’s Supreme Court began what is expected to be four days of hearings on the government ’s efforts to retain a free hand in organizing the exit from the European Union . The verdict is expected later in January . • Europe ’s political disruptions have created new potential for volatility , but in the short term markets are up . Oil rose to its highest level since July 2015 Oil and the Dow Jones industrial average reached a record high . • Masayoshi Son , the     • investor who bought Sprint in 2013 , has made two ambitious moves in a bid to make his   SoftBank Group the future ’s most important technology business . • Shares in Duet Group rose on news of his  SoftBank Group of about $ 5 . 4 billion from Li    the Hong Kong billionaire whose proposed deals in Australia have raised concerns about foreign investors . • Uber is getting serious about artificial intelligence , acquiring Geometric Intelligence , an A. I. company , and launching an    lab for A. I. research . The    company wants a hand in Uber behind    vehicles think and make decisions on the road . • Japan will release October wage data , seen as crucial in judging the progress of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe ’s economic programs . • Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • Thousands mourned in India after J Jayalalitha , the influential chief minister of southern Tamil Nadu state , died after suffering a heart attack on Sunday night . [ BBC ] • Pakistan honored Abdus Salam , a Nobel laureate who belonged to the persecuted Ahmadi minority , by naming a top physics department after him two decades after his death . [ The New York Times ] him Rohingya Muslims face chronic discrimination in access to medical care in Myanmar , a study shows . [ The New York Times ] • John Key [The New York Times] • The New York Times not have the support of some prominent citizens . [ Stuff . co. nz ] • The death toll in the " Ghost Ship " warehouse fire in Oakland , Calif. rose to 36 and could climb still higher . [ The New York Times ] • In a test of Bhutan ’s press freedom , a journalist has been accused of libel for sharing a Facebook post that hints at corruption within the country ’s elite . [ The New York Times ] • North Koreans shopping in Dandong , a Chinese border city , seem The New York Times cards and teddy bears . [ Reuters ] • Japan ’s top golfer , Hideki Matsuyama , 24 , has put together a streak that calls to mind Tiger Woods at the same age : three consecutive tournament titles , and four in his past five starts . • Bob Dylan sent the Nobel Prize committee a speech to be read on his behalf Hideki Matsuyama he is awarded the literature prize in Stockholm on Saturday . Patti Smith , the musician and writer Bob Dylan will perform Bob Dylan " A Hard Rain ’s    Fall , " as a tribute . • New studies show that men and Bob Dylan in their 60s and 70s who trained with weights developed muscles on a par with an average    . • Government officials in Japan say they are alarmed by a stark disregard for environmental issues among young people . • A mystery man who stole a Government officials in Japan filled with 86 pounds of scrap gold ( worth $ 1 . 6 million ) from an armored truck in Midtown Manhattan two months ago has still not been identified , despite security video of him waddling across town . Children are n’t the only fans of St. Nicholas , that is , Santa Claus . A mystery man who stole a bucket filled with 86 pounds of scrap gold (worth $1. 6 million) from an armored truck in Midtown Manhattan two months ago ’s a hit with pawnbrokers , too . His feast day is celebrated today across Europe with reminders of his A mystery man who stole a bucket filled with 86 pounds of scrap gold (worth $1. 6 million) from an armored truck in Midtown Manhattan two months ago of leaving gold coins in shoes for boys A mystery man who stole a bucket filled with 86 pounds of scrap gold (worth $1. 6 million) from an armored truck in Midtown Manhattan two months ago girls . He ’s the pawnbrokers’ patron saint   . A mystery man who stole a bucket filled with 86 pounds of scrap gold (worth $1. 6 million) from an armored truck in Midtown Manhattan two months ago business of offering quick cash for personal items has been criticized for A mystery man who stole a bucket filled with 86 pounds of scrap gold (worth $1. 6 million) from an armored truck in Midtown Manhattan two months ago the poor . But some say the spheres that hang outside pawn shops are meant to symbolize St. Nick ’s generosity , evoking the bags of gold he is said to have used to save three sisters from being sold into slavery . Another theory is that the A mystery man who stole a bucket filled with 86 pounds of scrap gold (worth $1. 6 million) from an armored truck in Midtown Manhattan two months ago originated with the Medicis , the powerful Italian bankers who sponsored artists during the Renaissance . Golden circles appear the spheres that hang outside pawn shops family crest . That may explain how New York City ’s power brokers came to admire St. Nick . " The Golden circles the world wants today , " a guest at a banquet devoted to the saint said in 1900 , " is a religion like that of St. Nicholas , that lays the hands of brotherly love upon the crying needs of our helpless brethren . " Kenneth R. Rosen contributed reporting . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 