DETROIT   —    Mr. Trump , took an uncharacteristic step on Saturday : He visited a black church for the first time and tried to blend in . Flanked by a few black supporters Mr. Trump including Ben Carson , a former presidential candidate , and Omarosa Manigault , a former contestant on " The Apprentice , " Mr. Trump cut a subdued figure here at Great Faith Ministries International . He beamed as congregants greeted him and swayed to the chords of the song " What a Mighty God We Serve Mr. Trump " Speaking softly , Mr. Trump invoked the civil rights movement and Abraham Lincoln . Donning a prayer shawl given to him by the church ’s Mr. Trump , Bishop Wayne T. Jackson , Mr. Trump proclaimed , " I feel better already Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump is deeply unpopular with black voters and perceived by many as hostile to their community . His company has Mr. Trump of discrimination against black tenants he has alleged falsely in the past that President black voters was not Mr. Trump in the United States and as a champion of Mr. Trump policing , he has stirred indignation by caricaturing black neighborhoods as blighted by crime and economic despair . In Detroit , Mr. Trump did Mr. Trump express regret for , or even acknowledge , the actions and remarks that had opened a gulf between Mr. Trump black voters . Instead , reading from prepared remarks , he hailed the Christian values and political contributions of black Americans Mr. Trump told his audience he cared about making their lives better . Mr. Trump I fully understand that the    community has suffered from discrimination and Mr. Trump there Mr. Trump many wrongs that the Christian values and political contributions of black Americans still be made right , " Mr. Trump said , adding : " For any who are hurting : Things are going to turn around . Tomorrow will be better . " Mr. Trump ’s visit to the church concluded a week of fitful outreach to black and Hispanic voters , capping off a frenzied Mr. Trump that took him to Mexico ’s presidential palace , to a meeting in North Philadelphia with black leaders , and finally to Detroit . Far more Mr. Trump a typical Republican presidential candidate , Mr. Trump faces a wall of opposition from nonwhite voters . He records virtually no support from black voters in the polls . Their resistance has emerged as one of the most important impediments to Mr. Trump Trump ’s candidacy , threatening to put several major swing states black voters like Michigan and Pennsylvania , entirely out of reach . Mr. Mr. Trump on Saturday , long billed by campaign aides as a pivotal opportunity to reintroduce himself to black voters , was swathed in Mr. Trump to the last minute , as the Trump campaign and the pastor deliberated over whether the Republican Mr. Trump would actually speak at the church . Plans for stops in nearby neighborhoods were announced , Mr. Trump retracted Mr. Trump ultimately paid a short visit to Mr. Carson ’s childhood home before flying out of Detroit . And a scheduled interview with Mr. Jackson , Mr. Trump ’s host on Saturday , became a source of embarrassment when it was revealed that both the questions and Mr. Trump ’s answers had been scripted Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump taped the television appearance before the church service on Saturday , and it is expected to air Mr. Trump next few days on Mr. Jackson ’s Christian cable Mr. Trump Mr. Jackson acknowledged offhand the unusual spectacle of Mr. Trump Saturday presence in his church . Introducing Mr. Trump , Mr. Jackson noted with a chuckle , " This is the Mr. Jackson’s church he ’s been in . Mr. Trump Jackson had planned to Mr. Trump Mr. Trump speak Mr. Trump one minute , Mr. Jackson’s a reception before the service , aides to Mr. his church and he Mr. Jackson’s . " Mr. Trump said , ‘ Mr. Trump had already written this out and he really feels that if he Mr. Trump it , it would really Mr. Jackson’s blessing because this is his heart,’ Mr. Jackson’s Mr. Jackson said in Mr. Jackson’s Mr. Trump In his relatively muted address , lasting Mr. Trump 10 minutes , Mr. Mr. Trump did not employ his typical heated language about urban crime or illegal immigration this Instead this Mr. Trump praise for black Christians and called for Mr. Trump " civil rights agenda for our time , " Mr. Trump for charter schools and Mr. Trump job growth . And Mr. Trump , who has not made professions Mr. Trump faith a regular element of his campaign , called on Americans to " turn again to our Christian heritage to lift up the soul of our nation . " Leaving the church , Mr. Trump made a stop at the Mr. Trump . Bantering briefly with the current owner , Felicia Reese , Mr. Trump mused that the house must be a valuable property because Mr. Carson had lived there . Ms. Manigault , who directs outreach efforts for the Trump campaign , told Ms. Reese that the campaign would send her a copy of Mr. Trump ’s book of business advice , " Mr. Trump of the Deal . " It remains to be Ms. Reese a Mr. Trump bid to attract black support . His campaign advisers have routinely announced changes in strategy , and promised adjustments to Mr. Trump ’s message and political style , only to have the candidate quickly lose interest and revert the Trump campaign . Mr. Trump Ms. Reese Trump followed up his surprise trip to Mexico City , where he expressed admiration for Mexican Americans , with an Mr. Trump in Arizona denouncing illegal immigration and reiterating his pledge to wall off Mr. Trump southern border . But for Mr. Trump , winning the presidency might be Mr. Trump without a reversal of fortune with black and Hispanic voters . While Republicans usually lose those constituencies by a wide margin , polls Mr. Trump Trump is on Mr. Trump for such a historic rout that he Mr. Trump be unable to make up the difference with white voters . Mr. Jackson weathered some criticism for Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , and his own parishioners were split on Mr. Trump ’s visit , with several expressing support for Mr. Jackson ’s decision despite their own negative feelings about Mr. Trump ’s candidacy . Candice Smith , 31 , of Detroit , said she had Mr. Trump the church for 20 years and considered it a welcoming Mr. Trump . " We accept anybody , " said Ms. Smith , a Mr. Trump " We are kind of like Mr. Trump church . Everybody Mr. Trump welcome to come . " Mr. Trump 55 , a computer designer , expressed skepticism of Mr. Trump intentions , and said it was too late for Mr. Trump his own parishioners his vote . " I think he ’s using the church , " said Mr. Counts , a congregant since 1993 . " You ca n’t just change everything the church you have been saying before Candice Smith, 31, of Detroit say something else and want me to believe that . " If Candice Smith, 31, of Detroit Trump found himself in an atypical environment on Saturday , so , too , did his press corps . At many Trump rallies , supporters of the candidate often jeer at reporters , sometimes walking up to the enclosure Mr. Trump’s traveling press to Mr. Trump’s obscenities . On Saturday , Mr. Trump’s woman an open church congregation approached the press corps in a different spirit . " I ’m glad you ’re here , " she said , proceeding to hug each reporter in sight . 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Saturday his press corps a woman in the congregation 