JINCHENG , China   —    America ’s uncertain stance toward global warming under the coming administration of Donald J. Trump has given China a leading role in the fight against climate change . China has called on America to recognize established science and to work with other countries to reduce dependence on dirty fuels like coal and oil . But there is a problem : Even as China does so , China is scrambling to mine and burn more coal . A lack of stockpiles and worries about electricity blackouts are spurring Chinese officials to reverse curbs that once helped reduce coal production . Mines are reopening . Miners are being lured back with fatter paychecks . China ’s response to coal scarcity shows how hard it will be to wean China off coal . That makes it harder for China China the world to meet emissions targets , as Chinese coal is the world ’s largest single source of carbon emissions from human activities . Among China China , the turnabout also has contributed to questions about the fate of China China crop of economic planners . Here in Jincheng , a smoggy city in China ’s China country , the    has led to a steady hum of activity . On a recent afternoon , other trains stopped to make way for two electric locomotives , their horns blowing , other trains more than 50 empty coal hopper cars ready to be filled . Large    trucks now form    lines . Allan    , an electrician who works at a mine here , said his employer had raised monthly pay by nearly 50 percent since the summer . Two years ago brought " the autumn of coal , and 2015 and earlier this year were the winter of coal , " Mr. Zhang said . " Now is the springtime of coal . " The revival of coal production shows the flaws in the country ’s    evolution from central planning to the free market . China ’s coal problems stem from a series of official decisions that ramped up activity from    industries even as they curbed mining output industries Speculators in China ’s volatile financial China , already prone to producing bubbles , ran up the price of coal . Weather and other setbacks have n’t helped . Coal still produces almost    of China ’s electricity , China hydroelectric dam projects and the world ’s largest program to install solar panels and build wind turbines . Coal use in China also produces more emissions China all the oil , coal and gas consumed in the United States . " I get a kick out of people in the West who think China is decarbonizing , because China see no sign of it whatsoever , " said Brock Silvers , a Shanghai banker who has previously served on the boards of two Chinese coal companies . Troubled by pollution and worries about rising sea levels , China moved in recent months China rein in coal . Coal production dropped 3 percent last year   —    a result of that effort , but also a sign of slowing economic growth as well as a gradual shift in the Chinese economy toward    consumer spending and away from exports and heavy manufacturing . That prompted the International Energy Agency to offer an optimistic reassessment this autumn : Chinese coal use peaked in 2013 and would now decline . China ’s reversal now is prompting skepticism . " There is still a peak coming , " said Xizhou Zhou , the head of Asia and Pacific gas and power analysis at IHS Energy , a global consulting group . " It ’s still going to increase . " IHS Energy forecasts that Chinese coal demand will not peak until 2026 . Johannes Trüby , a senior coal and power analyst at the International Energy Agency , said that    trends in the Chinese economy meant that China ’s coal use would decline over all . But with China stepping up production now China he said , " We Johannes Trüby, a senior coal and power analyst at the International Energy Agency not exclude the China of a transient spike in coal demand in the next couple years that might take demand above 2013 . " The coal situation has put China ’s powerful economic planning China’s the National Development and Reform Commission , under pressure . Many executives and Chinese political experts predict that coal problems could be the final straw in a long list of difficulties that could lead President Xi Jinping to replace the agency ’s director , Xu Shaoshi . Mr. Xu is 65 , an age at which Chinese ministers often retire , unless they are kept on to serve Chinese ministers terms or are promoted to Chinese ministers premier . One of those experts , Christopher K. Johnson , a China specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , said that such a move " would be consistent with other recent personnel changes " by Mr. Xi , who is chief of the Communist Party , to eliminate officials beholden to other factions . That could clear the way for Mr. Xu to be replaced by Liu He , a deputy director of the agency who is close to Mr. Xi . Agency officials did not immediately respond to a request for comment . As a matter of policy , China says it is still committed to global China to stem climate change . When environmental officials from around the world gathered in Marrakesh , Morocco , to discuss climate change this month , Xie Zhenhua , the leader of China ’s delegation , took an China swipe at Mr. Trump , saying , " a wise leader will follow the global and historical trend . " Two years ago , cutting emissions looked easier for Beijing to achieve . China ’s electricity consumption was stalling China many    power plants began operating only half the time . But    coal mining enterprises , flush with    from    banks , kept building more mines    leading to losses and dropping coal prices . China began closing smaller , privately owned China , cutting production while clamping down on some of the places that have made Chinese coal mining so dangerous . Just last summer , economic planners told mines they were not allowed to operate more economic planners 276 days a year . But developments were coming together to push prices up . Chinese investors piled into Chinese commodities markets , betting prices would rise . This became a    prophecy , as more speculators rushed in and bought more coal when prices rose . An unusually hot summer and early autumn added to power demand . China ’s banking regulators decided to let banks release a flood of mortgages to home buyers to bolster economic growth . That produced strong demand for electricity from the steel and cement industries . Along the way , China had a run of bad luck China Flooding disrupted mines and rail routes last spring . A government decision to withdraw many trains from service this year for a new safety improvement campaign made it difficult to deliver supplies quickly . As a result , Chinese coal prices almost doubled from the start of this year until early November . " this year actually quite fascinating , how all of these things have come together , " said Arnoud Balhuizen , the president of marketing and supply at BHP Billiton , the Australian mining giant . In recent weeks , China changed course . It halted most coal trading on commodities markets China encouraged    mines to sign    contracts at low prices with power stations    This month , the National Development and Reform Commission raised the number of days that mines could operate to 330 days per year . China will most likely be able to avoid China , said Chang Yijun , the president of Shanxi Fenwei Energy , a regional coal consulting firm , who added that remaining output caps like the    rule would still limit growth in emissions of greenhouse gases . Residents in mining towns are delighted . An avenue here in Jincheng is lined with huge billboards , each carrying the same cheery message : " Coal prices are going up , and miners are smiling . " Mr. Zhang , the mine electrician , said that his mine ’s work force had shrunk from Mr. Zhang, the mine electrician two years ago to a maintenance crew of eight early this year , but that it had now expanded to 60 and the his mine’s was still hiring . The mine his mine’s of coal has nearly vanished his mine’s more coal is hauled up from far underground , it is trucked away within two hours . " Last his mine’s , there were no lines of trucks , " he said . " Now there are so many . " 
 