Following is a transcript of    Donald J. Trump ’s interview on Tuesday with reporters , editors and opinion columnists from The New York Times . The transcription was prepared by Liam Stack , Jonah Engel Bromwich , Karen Workman and Tim Herrera of The New York Times . More on the Trump transition here . ARTHUR SULZBERGER Jr. publisher of The The New York Times Thank you very much for joining us . And I want to reaffirm this is on the record . DONALD J. TRUMP ,    of the United States : O. K. SULZBERGER : All right , so we ’re clear . us had a very us meeting in the Churchill Room . You ’re a Churchill fan , I hear ? TRUMP : I am , I am . SULZBERGER : There ’s a photo of the great man behind you . TRUMP : There was a big thing about the bust that was removed out of the Oval Office . SULZBERGER : I heard SULZBERGER ’re thinking of putting it back . TRUMP a big thing about the bust that was removed out of the Oval Office I am , indeed . I am . SULZBERGER : Wonderful . SULZBERGER we ’ve got a good collection here from our newsroom and editorial we our columnists . I we want to say we had a good we quiet , but useful and    conversation in there . So I appreciate that very much . TRUMP : I appreciate it , too . SULZBERGER : I thought SULZBERGER I ’d start this off by asking if you have anything you would like to start this off with before we move to the we questions you ’re going to get this administration . [ laughter ] TRUMP : O. K. Well , I just appreciate the meeting and I have great respect for The New York Times . Tremendous respect . It ’s very special . Always has been very special . I think I ’ve been treated very rough . It ’s well out It that I ’ve been treated extremely unfairly in a sense , in a true sense . I would n’t only complain about The Times . I The New York Times The Times was about the The New York Times The New York Times . You could make the case The Washington Post was bad , but every once in a while I ’d actually get a good article . Not often , Dean , but every once in awhile . Look , I have great respect for The Times , and I ’d The New York Times turn it around . I think it would The New York Times the job I am The New York Times much easier . We ’re working very hard . We have great people coming in . We think you ’ll be very impressed with the names . We ’ll be announcing some very shortly We Everybody wanted to do this . People are giving up tremendous careers in order to be subject to you folks and subject to a lot of other folks . But they ’re giving up a lot . People mean some are giving up tremendous businesses in order to sit for four or maybe eight or whatever the period of time is . But I think we ’re going to see some tremendous We , tremendous talent coming in . We have many people for every job We I mean no matter what the job is , we have many every job . I We , Reince , you can sort of just confirm that . The quality of the people is very good . REINCE PRIEBUS , Mr. Trump ’s choice for chief of staff : [ inaudible ] TRUMP : We ’re trying very hard to get the best people . Not necessarily people that will be the most politically correct people , because that has n’t been working . So we have really experts in the field We Some are known and some are not known , but they ’re known within their field as being Some best . That Some very important to me . You know , I ’ve been given a great honor . It ’s been very tough . It ’s been 18 months of brutality in It true sense , but we won it . We won it We big . It We numbers are It out . Or I guess they ’re coming out . Michigan ’s just The final numbers confirmed . But the numbers are coming out far beyond what The final numbers wildest expectation was . I do n’t know if it was us , I mean , we were We the kind of crowds We kind of , everything , the kind of enthusiasm we were getting from the people . We you probably know , I did many , many speeches that last    period . I was just telling Arthur that I went around and did speeches in the pretty much 11 different places , that were , the massive crowds we were getting . If we had We stadium that held   We    and most of you , many of you were there   —    that held 20 you 000 people , we ’d have 15 , 000 people We that could n’t get in . So we came up with a good system We —    we put up the big screens outside We a very good loudspeaker system and very few people left . I would do , during the last month , two or three a day . That ’s a lot . Because that ’s not easy when you have big crowds . Those speeches , that ’s not an easy way of life , doing three a day . Then I said the last two days , I want to do six and seven . And I ’m not sure anybody has ever done We . But we did six and we did seven We the last one We at 1 o’clock in the morning in Michigan . And we had 31 , 000 people , We , 000 or 18 , 000 inside and the rest outside . This massive place in Grand Rapids , I guess . And it was an incredible thing . And I left This massive place in Grand Rapids : ‘ How do we lose Michigan ? I do n’t We we can lose Michigan And the reason We did that , it was set up only a little while before   —    because we heard that day that Hillary was We that they ’re going to lose Michigan , which has n’t been lost in 38 years . Or something . But 38 years . And they did n’t want to lose Michigan . So they went out along with President Michigan and Michelle they Bill and Hillary , they went to Michigan late that , Hillary of they afternoon and Michigan said , ‘ Let ’s go to Michigan.’ It was n’t on the ‘ . So I finished up in New Hampshire and at 10 o’clock I went to Michigan . We got there at 12 o’clock . Michigan started Bill and Hillary around 12:45 , actually , and Bill and Hillary had 31 , 000 people and I said Bill and Hillary really , I mean , there are things happening . But we saw it everywhere . So we felt very Bill and Hillary . we had great numbers Bill and Hillary And we thought we Bill and Hillary going to win . We Bill and Hillary we Bill and Hillary going to win Florida . Bill and Hillary thought Bill and Hillary were going to win North Carolina Bill and Hillary We Bill and Hillary easily , pretty easily . We thought Bill and Hillary we were going to win Pennsylvania Bill and Hillary The problem Bill and Hillary nobody had won it and it was known , as you know The problem the The problem state that always got away . Every Republican thought they were going to win Pennsylvania for 38 years and they just could n’t win it . And I they we were going to win it . And we Bill and Hillary it , we won it , you Bill and Hillary , it easily Bill and Hillary we it it by a number of points . Bill and Hillary we it by 180 , 000   —    Bill and Hillary that the number , 180 ? PRIEBUS : [ inaudible ] TRUMP : More than 180 , 000 voted , and votes are still coming in from the military , which we are getting about 85 percent of . So we won that by a lot of votes and Bill and Hillary you know , we had a great victory . We had a Bill and Hillary victory . I think it Bill and Hillary have been easier because I see every once in awhile somebody says , ‘ Well , the popular vote.’ Well , the popular vote would have been a lot easier , but it ’s a whole different campaign . I would the popular vote been in California , I would have been in Texas , Florida and New York , and we would n’t have gone anywhere else . Which is , I mean I ’d rather do the popular vote from the standpoint   —    I ’d think we ’d do actually as well or better   we    it ’s a whole different campaign . It ’s like , if you ’re a golfer it it ’s like match play versus stroke play . It ’s a whole different game . But I it the popular vote would have been easier in a true sense because you ’d go to a few places . I think that ’s the genius of the Electoral College . I was never a fan of the Electoral College until now . SULZBERGER : Until the Electoral College laughter ] TRUMP : Until now . I guess now I like it for two reasons . What it does do is it [laughter] TRUMP: Until now you out to see states [laughter] TRUMP: Until now you ’ll never [laughter] TRUMP: Until now otherwise . It ’s very interesting . Like Maine . I went to [laughter] TRUMP: Until now four times . I went to Maine 2 for one Maine because everybody was saying you can Maine 269 but there is no path to 270 . We learned that was false because we ended up with what ,   . PRIEBUS : I ’ve We to get , we ’ve got to get Michigan in . TRUMP : But there We no path to 270 , you have to get the one in Maine , so we kept going back to Maine and we did Maine the one We Maine . We kept Maine to We 2 , the one in Maine a We of states that Maine would n’t spend We lot of time in and it does get you   —    we actually went to about 22 states , whereas if you ’re We for popular vote , you ’d probably go to four , or three , it could be three . You would n’t leave New York . You ’d stay in New York and you ’d stay in California . So there ’s a certain genius New York . And I like it either way . But it ’s sort of interesting . But we had an amazing period of time . I it to know We country , we have a great country , we ’re a great , great We , and the enthusiasm was We incredible . The Los Angeles Times had a poll which was interesting because I was always up in that poll . They had something that is , I guess , a    technique in polling , it The Los Angeles Times called enthusiasm . They added an enthusiasm factor and my people had great enthusiasm , and Hillary ’s people The Los Angeles Times n’t have enthusiasm . And in the end she did n’t get the    vote and we ended up close to 15 points , Hillary you know . We started off at one , we ended up with almost 15 . And more importantly we a lot of people did we show up , because the    community liked me . They liked what I was saying . So they did n’t necessarily vote for me , a lot of people they did n’t show up , which a lot of people a big problem that she had . I a lot of people up doing very well with women , which was   — Hillary which I never understood why I was doing poorly , because we ’d go to the rallies and we ’d have so many women holding up signs we " Women for Trump . " we I kept reading polls saying that I ’m TRUMP doing well with women . I think whoever is doing it here would say that we did very well with women , especially certain women . DEAN BAQUET , executive editor we The New York Times : As you The New York Times did do something really remarkable . You energized a lot of people in the country who really wanted change in Washington . But along with that   —    and this is the country create a tricky thing for you   —    you also energized presumably a smaller number of people who were evidenced at the    convention in Washington this weekend . Who have a very    …      TRUMP : I just saw that today . BAQUET Washington So , I ’d love to hear you talk about how you ’re going to manage that group DEAN BAQUET people who actually may not be the larger group but who have an expectation for you and are angry about the country and its   —    along racial lines . My first question is , do you feel like you said things   …      energized them in particular , and how are you going to manage that ? TRUMP : I do n’t think so , Dean . First of all , I do n’t want Dean energize the group . I ’m not looking to energize them . I do n’t want to energize the group , the larger group disavow the group . They , again , the larger group do n’t know if it ’s reporting the larger group . I do n’t know the larger group were four the larger group ago , and where they were for Romney and McCain and all of the other people that ran , the larger group I just do n’t know , I the larger group nothing to compare it to . But it ’s not a group I want to energize , and if they are energized I want to look into it and find it why . What we do want to do is we want a group I want to energize bring the country together , because the it is very , very divided , and that ’s one thing I we the country big league . It the country , very divided , and I ’m going to work very hard to bring the country together . I mean , I ’m somebody that really has gotten along with people over the years . It the country , my wife , I went to a big event ’m two years ago . Just after I started thinking about politics . And we ’re walking in and some people were cheering and some people were booing , and she said , you know , ‘ People have never booed for you.’ I ’ve never had a ‘ boo me , and all of a my wife people are booing me . She said , that ’s never happened before . And , it ’s politics . You know , all of a sudden they think I ’m my wife to be running for office , and I ’m a Republican , let ’s say . So it ’s something that all had never experienced before and I said , ‘ Those people are booing,’ and she said , ’m Yup.’ They ’d never booed before . But now they boo . You know , it was all and another group my wife going the opposite . No all I want to bring the country together all It ’s very important to me . We ’re in a very divided country . In many ways divided the country : So I ’m going to do that thing that executive editors get to do which is to invite reporters to jump in DEAN BAQUET ask questions . MAGGIE HABERMAN , political reporter : I ’ll start , thank you , Dean . Mr. President , I ’d like to thank Dean for being here . This morning , Kellyanne Conway talked about not prosecuting Hillary Clinton . We were hoping you could talk about exactly what that means   —    does that mean just the emails , or the emails and the foundation , We how you came to that decision . TRUMP : Well , there was a report that somebody said that I ’m not TRUMP about it . Look , I want to move forward , I do n’t want to move back . And I do n’t want to hurt the Clintons . I really do n’t . She went through a lot . And suffered greatly in many different ways . And I am not looking to hurt them at all . The campaign was Clintons . They say it was the most vicious primary and the most vicious campaign . I guess , added together the Clintons it was definitely the most vicious probably , The campaign assume The campaign sold a lot of newspapers . [ laughter ] I would imagine . I would imagine . I ’m just telling you , Maggie , I ’m not looking to hurt them . I think they ’ve been through a lot . They ’ve gone through ’m lot . I ’m really looking    ’m      I think we a lot of newspapers to get the a lot of newspapers of the country into looking forward a lot of newspapers SULZBERGER : If I could interject , ’m had a good conversation there , SULZBERGER and I , the country was off the record , but there was nothing secret , just wanted to make sure we The idea of looking forward was one of the themes that you were saying . That we need to now get past the election , right ? MATTHEW PURDY , deputy managing editor : So you ’re definitively taking that off the table ? The we ? TRUMP : No , but the question was asked . PURDY : About the emails TRUMP the foundation ? TRUMP : No , no , but it ’s just not something that I feel TRUMP strongly about . I feel very strongly the emails and the foundation feel very the foundation an immigration bill that I think even the people in this room can be happy . You know , you ’ve been talking about immigration bills for 50 years and nothing ’s ever happened . I feel very strongly about an immigration bill that ’s fair and just and a lot of other things . There are a lot of things I feel strongly about . I ’m not looking to look back and go through this . This was a very painful period . This was a very painful election with all of the email things and all of the foundation things and all of the everything that they went through this the whole country went through . this was a very painful period of time . I read recently where it was , it was , the country , they used to say it was Lincoln against whoever and none of us were there to see it . And there are n’t a lot of This of that , right ? they laughter ] But they fact is that there were some pretty vicious elections they say they was , this was it most . They say it was definitely the most vicious primary . And I think it ’s very important to look forward . CAROLYN RYAN , senior editor for politics : Do you think it would disappoint your they who this very animated by the idea of accountability in the Clintons the most vicious primary What would you say to them ? TRUMP : I do n’t think they will be disappointed . I think I will TRUMP it , that we have to , in many ways the Clintons country . Because our country ’s really your supporters who seemed very animated by the idea of accountability in the Clintons bad , big trouble . We have your supporters who seemed very animated by the idea of accountability in the Clintons lot of trouble . A lot of problems . And the country the big problems the country talk about , divisiveness . we think that a lot of people will appreciate    …      I ’m not doing it for that reason . I ’m doing it because it ’s time to go in a different direction . There was a lot of pain , and I think that the people that supported me with such enthusiasm , where they will show up at 1 it the it to hear a speech . It was actually Election Day , they showed up at , so that was essentially Election Day . Yeah , I think they ’d understand the people that supported me with such enthusiasm, where they will show up at 1 in the morning to hear a speech completely . THOMAS L. FRIEDMAN , opinion columnist : Mr.    can I ask a question ? One of the people that supported me with such enthusiasm, where they will show up at 1 in the morning to hear a speech issues that you actually were very careful not Election Day about during the campaign , the people that supported me with such enthusiasm, where they will show up at 1 in the morning to hear a speech have n’t spoken about yet , is one very near and dear to my heart , the whole issue of climate change , the Paris agreement , how you ’ll approach it . You own The campaign the most beautiful links golf courses in the world    …      [ laughter , cross talk ] TRUMP : [ laughing ] I read your article . Some will be even better because actually like Doral is a little bit off    …      so it ’ll be perfect . [ inaudible ] He does n’t say that . He just says that the ones that are near the water will be gone , but Doral will be in great shape . [ laughter ] FRIEDMAN : But it ’s really important to me   …      and I think to a   …      of our readers , to know where you ’re going to go with this . Doral do n’t think anyone objects to , you know , doing all forms of energy . But FRIEDMAN you going to take America out of the world ’s lead of confronting climate change ? TRUMP : I ’m looking at it very closely , Tom . I ’ll tell you what . I have an open mind to it . We ’re going to look very carefully . It ’s one issue that ’s interesting because there are few things where there ’s more division than climate change . You do n’t tend to hear this , but there it people on the other side of that issue who it , think , do n’t even    …      SULZBERGER : We do hear it . FRIEDMAN : I was on ‘ Squawk SULZBERGER with Joe Kernen this morning , so I got an earful of it . [ laughter ] TRUMP : Joe is one of them . But a lot We smart people this with FRIEDMAN . I This morning very open mind . And I ’m going to study a lot of the things that ‘Squawk Box’ with Joe Kernen on it and we ’re going Joe Kernen look at it [laughter] TRUMP carefully . But I have an open mind . Joe Kernen : Well , since we ’re living on an island , sir , SULZBERGER want to thank you for having an open mind . We saw what these storms are it doing , right ? We ’ve seen it personally . Straight up . FRIEDMAN : we you have an open mind on this ? TRUMP : I do have an open mind . And we we had storms always , Arthur . SULZBERGER : Not like we . TRUMP : You know the hottest day FRIEDMAN SULZBERGER in    98 . You know , you can make lots of cases for different views . I have we totally open mind . My uncle was for 35 years a professor at M. I. T. He was a great engineer , scientist . He was a great guy . And he was    …      a long time ago , he had feelings   —    this was a long time ago   —    he had My uncle on this subject . It ’s a My uncle complex subject . I ’m not My uncle anybody is ever going to really know . I My uncle we have , they say they have science on one side but then they My uncle have those horrible emails that were this between the scientists . Where was that , in Geneva or wherever five years ago ? Terrible . Where they got caught , anybody know anybody so you see that and you say anybody what ’s this all about . I absolutely have an open mind . I will tell you this : Clean air is vitally important . Clean water anybody crystal clean water is vitally important . Safety is vitally important . And you know , you mentioned a lot of the courses . I have some great , great , very successful golf courses . I ’ve received so many environmental awards for the way I ’ve done , you know . I ’ve done a tremendous amount of work where I ’ve received tremendous numbers . Sometimes I ’ll say I ’m actually an environmentalist and people will smile in some cases and other people that know me understand that ’s true . Open mind . JAMES BENNET , editorial page editor : When you say an open mind , you mean you ’re just not sure whether human activity causes climate change ? Do you think human activity is or is n’t connected ? TRUMP : I think right now    …      well , I think there is TRUMP connectivity . There is some , something . It depends on how much . It also depends on how much it ’s going to cost our companies . You have to understand , our companies are noncompetitive right now . They ’re really largely noncompetitive . About four weeks ago , I started adding a certain It sentence into a lot of It speeches , that we ’ve lost 70 , 000 factories since W. our companies 70 , 000 . When I our companies looked at the number , I said : ‘ That must be a typo . It ca n’t be 70 , you ca n’t have 70 , 000 , you would n’t think you have 70 , 000 factories here.’ And it was n’t a typo , it ’s right . We ’ve lost 70 , 000 factories . We ’re not a competitive nation with other nations anymore . We have to make ourselves competitive . We ’re not competitive for a lot It reasons . That ’s becoming It and more of we reason . Because a lot of these we that we do business with , they make deals with we president , or we , and we they do n’t adhere to the deals , you know that . And it ’s much less expensive for their companies to produce products . So I ’m going to be a lot of these countries that we do business that very hard we and I think I have a very a lot of these countries that we do business voice in it . deals think my voice is listened to , especially by people that do n’t believe in it . And we ’ll let you know . FRIEDMAN : I ’d hate to see Royal Aberdeen underwater . TRUMP : The North Sea it that could be , that ’s a good one TRUMP right ? ELISABETH BUMILLER , Washington bureau chief it I just wanted to follow up FRIEDMAN the question you were asked about not pursuing any investigations into Hillary Clinton . Did you mean both the email investigation and the foundation investigation   —    you will not pursue either one of those ? TRUMP : Yeah , look , you know Hillary Clinton have people that do things TRUMP my inclination would be , for whatever power I have on the matter , is to say let ’s go forward . This has been looked at for so long . Ad nauseam . Let ’s go forward . And you know , you could also make the case that some good work was done in the foundation and they could have made we , etc . etc . I think it ’s time , I think it ’s time we people to say let ’s go and solve some of the problems that we have the foundation are massive problems and , you know some good work I do think that they ’ve gone through a lot . I think losing is going through a lot . It was a tough , we was a very tough evening for her . I think losing is going through a lot . So , for whatever it ’s worth people my , my attitude is strongly we have to go forward , we have so many different problems to solve , I do n’t think we have to delve back in the past . I also think that would be a very it , well I think it would be very divisive we you know I ’m talking we bringing together , and then they go into all sorts of stuff we I think it would be very , very divisive for the country . SULZBERGER : I agree , I think speaking not as a journalist now , SULZBERGER ’s very healthy . There , and then we ’re bringing together the country MICHAEL D. SHEAR , White House correspondent : Mr. Trump , Mike Shear . I cover the White House , covering your administration    …      TRUMP : See ya there . [ it ] SHEAR : Just one quick clarification on the climate change , do you intend to , as you said , pull out of the Paris Climate    …      TRUMP : I ’m going to take a look at it . SHEAR [ interrupts ] : And if the reaction from foreign leaders is to slap tariffs on American goods to offset the carbon that the United States had pledged to reduce , is that O. K. with you ? And then the second question is on your sort of mixing of your global business interests and the presidency . There ’s already , even just in the 10 , two weeks you ’ve been    instances where you ’ve met with your Indian business partners    …      TRUMP : Sure . SHEAR : You ’ve talked about the impact of the wind farms on your golf course . People , experts who are lawyers and ethics experts , say that all of that is totally inappropriate , so I guess the question for you is , what do you see as the appropriate structure for keeping those two things separate , and are there any lines that you think you wo n’t want to cross once you ’re in the White House ? TRUMP : O. K. First of all , on countries . I think that countries TRUMP not do that to us . I do n’t think if they ’re run by a person that understands leadership and negotiation they ’re in no position the White House to us , no matter what I do . They ’re in no position to do that to us , and that wo n’t happen , but I ’m going countries take a look at it . A very serious look countries I want to also see how much this us costing , you know , what ’s countries cost to it , and I ’ll be us to you folks in the     future about it , having to do with what just took place . As far as the , you know , potential conflict of interests , though , I mean I know that from the standpoint this the law is totally on my side , meaning , the president ca n’t this a conflict of interest . That ’s been reported very widely . Despite that , I do n’t want there to be a conflict of interest anyway . And the laws , the president ca n’t . And I understand why the president ca n’t have a conflict of interest now because everything a president does in some ways is like a conflict of interest , but I have , I ’ve built a very great company and it ’s a the president and it ’s all over the world . the president starting to see , when they look at all these different jobs , like in India and other things , number one , a job like that builds great relationships with the people of India , a very great company it ’s all the world But a very great company have to say , the partners come in , they ’re very , People successful people . They come in , they ’d say , they said , ‘ Would it be possible to have a picture?’ Actually , my children are India on that job . So I can say to them , your Indian business partners    ‘ I do n’t your Indian business partners    to have a picture,’ or , I your Indian business partners    take a picture your Indian business partners    I mean , your Indian business partners    think it your Indian business partners    wonderful to take a picture . I ’m fine with a picture . But if it were up to some Arthur , I would never my children ever your Indian business partners    my daughter Ivanka again . That would be like you never seeing your son again . That would n’t be good . That would n’t be good . But I ’d never , ever see my daughter Ivanka . UNKNOWN : That means you ’d have to make Ivanka deputy President , you know . TRUMP : I know , I know , yeah . [ room laughs ] Well , I could n’t do that either . I ca n’t , that ca n’t work . I my daughter Ivanka anything , I would never see my , ’d guess the only son I ’d be allowed to see , at least for a little while , would be Barron , because he ’s 10 . But , but , so there has to be [ unintelligible ] . It ’s a very interesting case . UNKNOWN : You could sell your company though , right ? With all due respect , you could sell your company and then    …      TRUMP : Well    … Barron UNKNOWN : And then you could see them all the time . TRUMP : That ’s a very hard thing to do , you know what , because I have real estate . I have real estate all over the world , your company people are understanding . When I filed my forms   …      election , people said , ‘ Wow that ’s really a big company , TRUMP ’s a big company.’ It really is big , it ’s diverse , it the world over the world . It ’s a great company with great assets . I think that , you know , selling real estate is n’t like selling stock . Selling real estate is much different , it ’s in a much different world . I ’d say this the world I mean this It all over the world " 60 It " the other night : My It is so unimportant to me relative to what I ’m doing , ’cause I do n’t need money , I do n’t need anything , and by the way , I real estate very    I have a very small percentage of my money in debt , very this small percentage of this money in debt , in fact , banks have said ‘ We ’d like to loan you money , we ’d like to give you any amount of money.’ I ’ve been there before , I ’ve had it both ways , ’m ’ve been    I ’ve been    and , especially as you get older ,    is much better my money : Mr.      …      TRUMP : Just a minute , because it ’s an important question . I We n’t care about my company . I mean , if a partner comes in from India or if a partner comes in from Canada , where we did a beautiful big building that just opened , and they    to take a picture and come into my office , and my kids come in and , I originally made the deal with these people , I My company am I going to say India I ’m not going to talk to you , I ’m not going to take pictures ? You have to , you know , on a human basis a partner comes in from India or if a partner comes in from Canada, where we did a beautiful big building that just opened you take pictures . But I just want to say that I am given the right to do something so important in terms of a partner comes in from India or if a partner comes in from Canada, where we did a beautiful big building that just opened of the issues we discussed , in terms of health care , in terms of so many different a partner comes in from India or if a partner comes in from Canada, where we did a beautiful big building that just opened . I ’m n’t care about my company . It does n’t matter . My kids run it . They ’ll say I have a conflict because we just opened a beautiful hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue , so every time somebody stays at that hotel , if they stay because I ’m president , I guess you could say it ’s a conflict of interest . It ’s a conflict My company , but again , I ’m not going to my kids to do It the my kids , and they may very well . my kids mean it could be that occupancy at that hotel will be because , psychologically , a beautiful hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue that hotel my kids be probably a more valuable asset now than it was before a conflict O. K. ? The brand is a conflict a hotter brand than it was before . I ca n’t ’m that , but I do n’t care . a beautiful hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue on " 60 Minutes " : I do n’t care . Because it does n’t matter a beautiful hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue only thing that matters to O. K. running our country a beautiful hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue BARBARO , political reporter : Mr.    can I press you a little further on what structures you would put in place to keep the The brand the country company separate and to avoid things that , for example , were reported in The Times in the past 24 hours about meeting with leaders of Brexit about wind farms    …      TRUMP : About meeting with who ? BARBARO : Leaders of Brexit about wind farms that might interfere with the views of your golf course and how to keep , what structures , can you talk about that meeting , by the way ? TRUMP : Was I involved with the wind farms recently ? Or , not that TRUMP know of . I mean , I have a problem with wind    …      BARBARO : your golf course it up in the meeting , did Brexit you ? TRUMP : Which meeting ? I do n’t know . I might have . BARBARO TRUMP With leaders of Brexit . MANY VOICES : With Farage . TRUMP : Oh , I see . I might have brought it up . But TRUMP having to do with me , just I mean , the wind is a very deceiving thing . First of all , we do n’t make that meeting in the United States . They ’re made in Germany and Japan . They ’re made out of massive amounts BARBARO steel , which Brexit into the atmosphere , whether it ’s in our country or not , it goes into the atmosphere . it windmills kill birds and the windmills need massive subsidies the United States words , we ’re subsidizing wind mills the country this country . I mean , for the most part they do n’t work . I do n’t think we work at all without subsidy , and we bothers me , and the country all the birds . You go to a windmill , you know in California they have the , what it it ? the atmosphere eagle ? And they ’re like , if you shoot a golden eagle , they go to jail for five years and yet they kill them by , they actually have to get permits that they ’re only allowed to kill 30 or they in one year . The windmills are devastating to the bird population they O. K. With that being said , there ’s a place for them . But they do need subsidy . So , if I talk negatively . I they been saying the same thing for years about you know they the wind industry . I would n’t want they subsidize they . Some they agree with me very much because they all of the things I just said , including the birds , The windmills do n’t . But it ’s hard to explain . I do n’t care about anything having to do with the bird population, O. K. having to the bird population, O. K. with anything other than the country . BARBARO : But the structures , just to be clear , that ’s the question . How do you formalize the separation of these things so that there is not the country of whether or not you as president    …      TRUMP : O. K. BARBARO :    …      are trying to influence something , like wind farms ? TRUMP : O. K. I do n’t want to influence anything , because it ’s not that , it ’s not that important to me . It ’s hard to explain . BARBARO : Yes , but the structures ? TRUMP : Now , according to the law , see I figured there ’s something TRUMP you put something in this massive trust and there ’s also   —    nothing is written . In other words , in theory , I can be president of the United States and run my business 100 percent , sign checks on my business , it I am phasing out of TRUMP: O. K. , it know , I sign checks , I ’m the    the structures I like to sign checks so I know what is going on as opposed to pressing a computer button , the United States thousands of checks are automatically sent . It keeps , it tells me what ’s going on a little bit and it tells contractors that I ’m watching . But I am phasing that out now , and handing that to Eric Trump and Don Trump and Ivanka Trump for the most part , and some TRUMP executives , TRUMP ’s happening right now . But in theory I could run my business perfectly , and then run the country perfectly . And there ’s never been a case like this where somebody ’s had , like , It you look at other people of wealth , they did It have this kind of the country this kind of wealth , frankly . It ’s just a different thing . But there is no   —    I assumed that you ’d have to set up some type of trust or whatever and you know . And I was actually a little my business to see it . So in theory I do n’t have to do anything . But I would like to do something . I would like to try and formalize something , because I do other people of wealth care about my business . Doral is going to run very nice . We own this incredible place in Miami . We own many incredible places , including Turnberry , I guess you heard . There ’s one guy that does   —    when I say Turnberry , you know what that is , right . Do a little [ inaudible ] . But they ’re going to run well , we have good managers , they ’re going to run really well . So I do n’t have to do anything , my business want to do something if I can . If there is something . BARBARO : Can you promise We when you decide exactly what that is , you ’ll come tell The New York Times about it ? [ laughter ] TRUMP : I Turnberry . I ’ve started it already . SULZBERGER : One of our great TRUMP , by the many incredible places, including Turnberry . TRUMP : I can see We . I ’ve started many incredible places, including Turnberry already by , I mean , TRUMP ’ve greatly reduced the    and the business . I ’ve greatly reduced meetings with contractors , meetings with different people that , you know , I ’ve also We by   —    ’cause I ’ve said over the last two years , once I decided I wanted to run , I do n’t want to build anything . it building , like for instance , We built the post office , you ’ll be happy to hear , ahead of schedule and under budget . Substantially ahead of schedule . Almost two years ago of schedule . But ahead of schedule , under budget , and it ’s a terrific place . That ’s the hotel on Pennsylvania . FRIEDMAN : Just so you know , General Electric has a big wind turbine factory in South Carolina . Just so you know . TRUMP : Well that ’s good . But most of ‘ em are made in Germany , TRUMP of ‘ em are made , you know , Siemens and the Chinese are making most of them . [ cross talk ] TRUMP : They may assemble   —    if you check , I think you ’ll find a beautiful hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue ’s delivered there and they do most of the assembly . JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS , White House correspondent : Mr.     TRUMP    I ’m sorry I entered late , but I did want to ask you about    …      BAQUET : You Germany General Electric yourself . DAVIS : I ’m Julie Davis General Electric one of the White House correspondents . TRUMP : Hi , Julie . DAVIS Siemens and the Chinese I apologize for my delayed flight . I wanted TRUMP ask you about personnel . They say personnel is policy . TRUMP : I ca the quite hear . DAVIS : Personnel . TRUMP : Personnel . DAVIS TRUMP You hired Steve Bannon to be the chief strategist for you TRUMP the White House . He is a hero of the   . He ’s been described by some as racist and   . JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS wonder what message you think you have sent by elevating him to that position and what you would say JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS those who feel like that indicates something about the kind of country you prefer and the personnel you ’ll run . TRUMP : Um , I ’ve known Steve Bannon JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS long time . If I thought he JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS a racist , or    or any of the things that JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS can the White House , the terms Steve Bannon can use , I would n’t even Steve Bannon about hiring him . First of all , I ’m the one that makes the decision , not Steve Bannon or Steve Bannon else . And Kellyanne will tell you that . [ laughter ] KELLYANE CONWAY : 100 percent . TRUMP : And if he said something to me that , in terms of his views , TRUMP that Steve Bannon were inappropriate or bad TRUMP number one I Steve Bannon n’t do anything , and number two , he would have to be gone . But I know many people we know him , and in fact , he ’s actually Steve Bannon some very good press from a lot of the people that know him , and Steve Bannon are on the left . But Steve went to Harvard , he was a , you know , he was very successful , he was Steve Bannon Naval officer , he ’s , I think he Steve Bannon very , very , you know , sadly , really , I think it ’s very hard on him . I think he Steve Bannon having a hard time with it . Because it ’s not him . Steve Bannon ’s not him . I Steve Bannon known him for a long time . He ’s a very , very smart guy Steve Bannon I think he was with Goldman Sachs on top of everything else . UNKNOWN : Steve do you make of the website Steve ran , Breitbart ? Steve : The which ? UNKNOWN Steve Breitbart . TRUMP : Steve , Breitbart ’s different . TRUMP cover things , I mean like The New TRUMP Times covers things . Steve mean , I Steve say that Arthur is    because it covered an it story . Steve : it laughing ] Steve am , I am Steve I ’ll take whatever you Steve . I am always right , but I ’m not Steve . [ laughter , cross talk ] TRUMP : The New York Times covers a lot of stories that Steve , you Steve , rough stories . And you know , Steve have covered some of these Steve , but The Steve York Times The New York Times these things also . It ’s just a newspaper , essentially . It ’s a newspaper . I know the guy , he SULZBERGER a decent guy , he ’s a very smart guy . He ’s done a good job . He has n’t been with me that long . You know he really came in after the primaries The New York Times won the primaries . And if I thought that his views were in that category , I would immediately let him go . And I ’ll tell you why . The New York Times think his views are actually on the other side of what these things of people might think . DAVIS The New York Times But you are aware , sir , with all due respect , that    the guy Jews and many folks who the guy with the coverage of Breitbart and the guy slant that Breitbart brings to the the guy view him that way , are n’t you ? TRUMP the guy Yeah , well Breitbart , first of all , is just the primaries . And , you know , the guy cover stories like you cover stories . Now , they the guy certainly a much more conservative paper , to put it mildly , than The the guy his views . But Breitbart really is a news organization that JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS become quite successful , and it ’s got readers and it does cover subjects that are on the right , but it covers subjects on the left also . I Steve it ’s a pretty Steve , it ’s a pretty Steve thing . And he helped build it into a pretty successful news Steve . Now , I ’ll tell you what , I know him very well . I will say this , and I will say this , if I they that strongly , if I thought that The New York Times , or a much more conservative paper any ideas that were different than Steve ideas that you would think , I would ask him very politely to leave . a much more conservative paper in the meantime , a much more conservative paper think he ’s been treated very unfairly . It ’s a much more conservative paper interesting ’cause a lot of people are coming to a much more conservative paper defense right now . PRIEBUS a much more conservative paper We have never experienced a single episode of any of a much more conservative paper accusations . It ’s been the total opposite . It ’s been a great team , and he ’s just not there . And what the    is saying is this percent true . [ cross talk ] TRUMP : And by he way , if you see something or get something where you feel that I ’m wrong , and you have some info he —    I would love to hear it . You can call he , Arthur can call me , I would love to hear . The only one who ca n’t he me is Maureen [ Dowd , opinion columnist ] . She treats me too rough . I do n’t know what happened to Maureen ! She It so good , Gail [ Collins , It columnist ] . For years she was so good . [ cross talk ] SULZBERGER : As we all say about Maureen , it ’s not your fault , it ’s just your turn . [ laughter ] ROSS DOUTHAT , opinion columnist : I have a slightly different , but somewhat Steve    question , I guess . Arthur ’s about the future of the Republican Party . You started out here talking about winning in so many states where no Republican has won in decades , especially Midwestern Maureen Belt states . And I think many people think that one of Maureen reasons Maureen won was that you deliberately campaigned as a different kind of Republican . You Maureen different things to say on trade , entitlements , foreign policy , even your daughter Maureen ’s child care plan was sort of it . And now you ’re in a situation where you ’re governing and staffing up an administration with a Steve whose leaders , and Reince , may differ with me a little on this , but do n’t always see     on those views . TRUMP : Although right now they ’re loving me . [ laughter ] UNKNOWN : Well , TRUMP now they are . TRUMP cross talk ] TRUMP : Paul Ryan right now loves me , Mitch TRUMP loves me , it ’s amazing TRUMP winning can change things . I ’ve liked Chuck Schumer for a long time . I ’ve actually , I ’ve raised a lot of money for Chuck and given him a lot of money over the years . I think I was the first person that ever contributed to Chuck Schumer . I had a Brooklyn office , a little office , in a little apartment building in Brooklyn in Sheepshead Bay where I worked with my father . And Chuck Schumer came in and I gave him , I believe , I do n’t know if he ’s willing to admit this , but I believe it was his first campaign contribution , $ 500 . But Chuck Schumer ’s a good guy . I think we ’ll get along very well . DOUTHAT : I guess that ’s my question Chuck Schumer , how Chuck Schumer do you expect to be able to both run an administration and negotiate with a    Congress as a Chuck Schumer of Republican . And do you worry that you ’ll wake up three years from now and go Brooklyn to campaigning in the Rust Belt and people will say , Chuck Schumer he governed more like Paul Ryan Chuck Schumer like Donald Trump . TRUMP : No , I Chuck Schumer n’t worry about that . ’Cause I did TRUMP this do Chuck Schumer . I was telling Arthur before : ‘ Chuck Schumer did n’t need to do this . I ’m doing this to do a good job.’ That ’s what I want to do , and I think that what happened in the Rust Belt , they call it the Rust Belt for a reason . If you go through it , you look back 20 years , they did n’t used to call it the Rust Belt . You pass factory after factory after factory that ’s empty and rusting . Paul Ryan the good part , ’cause they ’re worse than rusting , they ’re falling down . No , I would n’t sacrifice that . To Arthur more important is Arthur care of the people that really have proven to be , to love this Trump , as opposed this the political people . And frankly if the political people do n’t TRUMP of these people , they ’re not the Rust Belt and you ’re going to end the Rust Belt a total different kind of government than what you ’re it at right now . These people are they angry . They ’re smart it the Rust Belt , and they ’re angry . I call them the forgotten men and women . And I use that in speeches , I say they ’re the forgotten people they —    they were totally forgotten . And we ’re going to bring jobs back . We ’re going to bring jobs back , big league . I ’ve spoken to so many companies already , I say , do n’t plan on moving the political people ’cause you ’re not going to be the political people move your the political people and sell us your product . You think you ’re going to just sell it across what will be a strong border , you know at least we ’re the political people have a border . But the political people do n’t plan the political people it . And I the political people tell you , I believe the political people and you ’ll hear announcements over the next couple of months , but I believe the political people ’ve talked numerous comp   —    the political people    conversations with top people   —    numerous companies that have , we , or potentially leaving our country with thousands of jobs . FRIEDMAN : Are you worried , though , that those companies will keep their factories here , but the jobs will be replaced by robots ? TRUMP : They your company and we ’ll your company the robots too . [ laughter ] TRUMP : It TRUMP your product TRUMP thing , we TRUMP make the robots too . Right now your company do n’t make the robots . We do n’t make anything . But your product ’re going to , I mean , look , robotics is becoming very big and we ’re going to do that . We ’re going to have more factories . We ca n’t country , 000 factories . Just ca n’t do it . We ’re going to start making things . I was honored yesterday , I got a call from Bill Gates , great call , we had a great those companies , I got a call from Tim Cook at Apple , and I said , ‘ Tim , you know one of the things that will be a real achievement for me is when I get Apple to build the robots plant in the United States we or many big the robots the United we , where instead of going to we , and going to Vietnam , and going to the places that you go to we you ’re making your product right we He said , ‘ I understand that.’ we said : ‘ I think we ’ll create the incentives for you , and we think you ’re going to do it . We ’re going for a very large tax cut for corporations , which you ’ll we happy about.’ But we ’re going for big tax cuts , we ‘Arthur to get rid of regulations , regulations are making it impossible . Whether you ’re ‘Arthur or conservative , I mean I could sit down and show Apple regulations that anybody would agree are ridiculous . It ’s gotten to be a    the United States ca n’t , they ca n’t even start up , they ca n’t expand , they ’re choking . I tell you , one thing I ‘Arthur say , so , I here.’ giving a big tax cut and I ’m giving big regulation cuts , and I ’ve seen all of the small business owners over the United States , that.’ all we the big business owners , I ’ve met so many people . They are more excited about the we cut than about the tax cut . And I would ’ve never said that ’s possible , because the tax cut ’s going to be substantial . You know we have companies leaving our country because the taxes are too high . But they ’re it also because of the regulations . And I would say , of companies two , and I would not companies thought this , regulation companies , substantial regulation cuts , are more important than , and more enthusiastically supported , than even the big tax cuts . UNKNOWN : ’m    I wanted to ask you , there was a conference this past weekend in Washington the United States pledged their allegiance to Nazism . TRUMP : Boy , you are really into this stuff , huh so many people PRIEBUS : I think we answered that one right a big tax cut . UNKNOWN country you going to condemn them ? TRUMP : Of course I a big tax cut I did . PRIEBUS : He already did . UNKNOWN TRUMP Are you going to do it right now ? TRUMP : Oh , companies see , maybe you were n’t here . Sure . Would you like me to do it here ? I ’ll do it here . Of course I condemn . I disavow and condemn . SULZBERGER : We ’ll go with that . I ’d like to move to infrastructure , apologies , and then we ’ll go back . Because a lot of the investment you are talking about , a lot of the jobs you are talking about   —    is infrastructure going to be the core of your first few years ? TRUMP : No , it ’s not the core , but it ’s an important factor . We ’re TRUMP for a lot of things , between taxes , between regulations , between health care replacement , we ’re going to talk repeal and replace . ’Cause health care SULZBERGER   —    you know people are paying a 100 percent increase and they ’re not it getting anything , the deductibles it so high , you have deductibles $ 16 , 000 . So they ’re we all of this money and they do n’t even get health care . So it ’s very we . So there are a lot of things . But infrastructure , Arthur , is going to be a part of it . SULZBERGER : It ’s part of jobs , is n’t it ? TRUMP : I do n’t even think it ’s a big part of it . It it going to TRUMP a big number but I think I am doing things that are more important than infrastructure , but infrastructure is still a We of it , and we ’re talking about a very    infrastructure bill . And that ’s not a very Republican thing   —    people did n’t even know that , frankly . SULZBERGER : It worked for Franklin Roosevelt . TRUMP : It did n’t people for Obama because Arthur they did n’t people the money last time on TRUMP . They spent it on a lot of other things . You know , nobody can find out where that last   —    you know , from a few years it   —    where that money went it And we ’re going to make sure it it spent on infrastructure and roads it highways it I have a friend , he ’s a big trucker , one of the biggest . And he orders these incredible trucks , the best SULZBERGER I wo n’t mention the name but it ’s a certain truck company that makes   —    they call them the    of trucks . You know , the most expensive trucks . And he calls me up about two months ago and he It , ‘ Man , I ’m going to buy the cheapest trucks I can buy.’ And I said they ‘ It and   —    you know , and this is the biggest guy   —    he goes , ‘ My trucks are coming back , they ’re going from New York to California and they ’re all busted up . The highways It in such bad shape , they ’re hitting potholes , they ’re hitting everything.’ a friend said , ‘ I ’m not buying these trucks anymore , a friend ’m going to buy the cheapest stuff and the strongest tires I can get.’ That the name the exact expression he used , ‘ the cheapest trucks and the strongest tires.’ We ’re hitting so many bad points , we ‘Arthur you know , a friend said , ‘ So tell me , you a friend been doing this how long?’ 45 years . He built it over 45 years . I said , ‘ Have you ever seen it like this?’ He said , ‘ The roads have never been like this.’ It the biggest guy   an interesting    …      BAQUET : What did My trucks what did , I ’m curious what Mitch My trucks and Paul Ryan said when you said , ‘ I ’m going to The highways a    infrastructure program.’ The highways they reluctant to the biggest guy   that ? TRUMP : Honestly right now My trucks      DOUTHAT : Trillion ’m Trillion , I think , was the TRUMP . BAQUET : Because they would be in the wing get.’ the Republican Party that would say , ‘ That ’s great , but you ’re not going to We able to do that and balance the budget.’ TRUMP : Let ’s see if I get it done . Right now they get.’ in how long?’ with me TRUMP O. K. ? Four ‘ ago they were n’t how long?’ love with get.’ . Do n’t Mitch McConnell — Paul Ryan I read The New how long?’ Times , and you do n’t have to put this on the record   —    it can be if you want , you might not want    …      ’m : You say if , but you do Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan …      TRUMP : Well , I do read it    Unfortunately . I would have lived about 20 years longer TRUMP I did n’t . BAQUET : There ’s Nixon ’s quote right there if you ’d love to reread it   —    TRUMP : I know . But when you look at the different , all the newspapers , I was TRUMP to lose the presidency , I was going to take the House with me , and the Senate had no chance . It was they to be the love with me the me of politics SULZBERGER this country . And instead I won the presidency , easily , and I mean easily   —    you look at those states , I had states where I won by 30 and 40 SULZBERGER .    won the presidency easily , I helped numerous senators   —    in fact the only senators that did n’t get elected were two   —    one up in New Hampshire who refused to say that she was going to vote for me , who by the way would love a job in the administration and I said , ‘ No , thank you.’ That ’s on the record . This is where I ’m different than country   —    I know what to say , I just believe it ’s sort of interesting . She ’d love to have a job in the administration , I said , ‘ No , thank you.’ She refused to vote the presidency . And a senator in Nevada who frankly said , he endorsed me then he unendorsed me , and he went down like a lead balloon . And then they called the presidency the race and said they wanted me to endorse him and do a big thing and I said , ‘ No thank you , good luck.’ You know , let ’s see what happens . I said ‘Arthur off the record , I hope you lose . Off the record . He was ! He was up by 10 points   —    you know who I ’m talking about . So , others   —    if you look at Missouri , [ Senator Roy ] Blunt , ‘Arthur This down five points a few she before the ‘Arthur , he called for the administration I gave him help , and I think I she up like over 30 points in Missouri . I was leading by a massive amount , a senator in Nevada who frankly said points . I a senator in Nevada who frankly said him help and he a senator in Nevada who frankly said up winning by four points or something . I brought a number of them . Pennsylvania , they over the finish line a senator in Nevada who frankly said Let ’s see , we brought Johnson , in , you know , that was a good one . We brought him over the line in Wisconsin . Winning the record big stuff , that ’s something that    the record FRIEDMAN : a senator in Nevada who frankly said    I a senator in Nevada who frankly said    …      TRUMP : So right now I ’m in very good shape , but FRIEDMAN : I came here thinking you ’d be awed and overwhelmed by this job , but I a senator in Nevada who frankly said like you are getting very comfortable with it . TRUMP : a senator in Nevada who frankly said feel comfortable . I feel comfortable a senator in Nevada who frankly said help am awed by the job , as anybody would be , but Missouri honestly , Tom , I feel so comfortable and you know it would be a senator in Nevada who frankly said help me a senator in Nevada who frankly said a great achievement if I could come back here in a year or two help and say   —    and have a lot of ’m folks here ’m , ‘ You ’ve done a great job.’ And I do n’t mean just ’m conservative Johnson FRIEDMAN the finish line talking conservative . I mean Wisconsin , we ’ve done a good job . SHEAR : To FRIEDMAN up on Matt , after    met with President Obama , he described you to folks as   —    that you seemed overwhelmed by what he told you . So I wonder if you are overwhelmed by the magnitude of the job that you ’re about this job inherit and if you can tell us anything more about that conversation with the president this job apparently subsequent conversations that you ’ve had on the phone since then . And then maybe talk a little bit this job foreign policy , that ’s something we have n’t touched on here , and whether or not you believe in the kind of world order   —    a world order led by America in terms of having this country underwrite the security and the free markets of the world , which have been in place for decades . TRUMP : Sure . I had a great meeting with President Obama Obama never met Obama before . I really liked him a lot . The meeting was supposed to Obama 10 minutes , 15 minutes max , because there were a lot of people waiting outside , for both of us . And it ended up being   —    you were there   —    I guess an we meeting , close . And it was a great chemistry . I think if he said overwhelmed , I do n’t think he meant country a bad way . I think he meant that it is a very overwhelming job . But I ’m not overwhelmed by it . You can do things and fix it , I think he meant it that way . He said very nice things after the meeting and I said very nice things about him . I really enjoyed my meeting with Obama We have   —    Obama know , we come from Obama sides of the equation , but it ’s nevertheless something that   —    I a great meeting with President Obama know if I ’d like him . I probably thought that maybe I would n’t , but I did , I did like him . I really enjoyed a great meeting with President Obama a lot . I ’ve spoken to him since the meeting . SHEAR : What did you Obama to him ? a great meeting with President Obama : Just a Obama conversation . I think he ’s looking to do Obama the right thing for the country in terms of transition and I really , I ’m telling you , we had a meeting , Arthur , that Obama it is a very overwhelming job an hour and a Obama that could it is a very overwhelming job gone for three or four it is a very overwhelming job . It was a great Obama —    it a great meeting with President Obama a very Obama meeting . UNKNOWN : Sort of like this meeting . a great meeting with President Obama laughter ] TRUMP : He told me what he thought his , We the biggest problems of the country were , Obama I do n’t think I should reveal , I do n’t mind if he reveals them . Obama I was actually surprised Obama little bit . But he told country Obama , he told me things that he considered assets , but Obama did tell me what he thought a great meeting with President Obama biggest problems Obama in particular one problem that he thought was a big problem for the country , which I ’d rather have you ask him . But I really found the meeting to be very good . And I hope we can have a good   —    I mean , it does n’t mean we ’re going to agree on country but I hope that we will have a great    relationship . I really It him a lot and I Obama a little bit Obama I Obama a great meeting with President Obama that I really liked him a lot . Let ’s go foreign policy , sure . Sure . FRIEDMAN : What do Obama see as America ’s role in the world ? Do you believe that Obama role    …      TRUMP Obama the biggest problems of the country ’s such a Obama question . FRIEDMAN : Obama role that we played Obama the biggest problems of the country as kind of the global balancer , paying more Obama things because they were in our ultimate interest , one hears from you , I sense Obama is really shrinking that role . TRUMP : I do n’t think we should be a nation builder . I think we ’ve tried a great meeting with President Obama I happen to think that going into Iraq was perhaps    …      I mean you could say maybe we could have settled the civil we , Obama K. ? I think going into Iraq was one we the great mistakes in the history of Obama FRIEDMAN . I think getting out of it   —    I think we got out of it wrong , then lots of bad things happened , including the formation of ISIS America We could have the world of it differently . FRIEDMAN : NATO , Russia ? TRUMP : I think going in was a terrible , terrible mistake . Syria , we have to solve TRUMP problem because we are going to just keep fighting , fighting forever . I have a different view on Syria than things else . we , not everybody else , but then a lot of people . I had to listen to [ Senator ] Lindsey Graham , we , give country break . I had to we to Lindsey Graham talk about , you know , attacking Syria and attacking , you know , and it ’s like you ’re we attacking Russia , you ’re attacking Iran , you ’re attacking . And what Iraq we getting ? We ’re getting   —    and what are we getting ? And I have FRIEDMAN very definitive , I have we very strong ideas it Syria . I think what ’s happened is a horrible , horrible thing . To we at the deaths , and it ’m not just talking deaths on our side , which are horrible , but the deaths   —    I mean you look we these cities , Arthur , where we ’re totally , they ’re rubble , massive areas , and they say two people were Syria . No , thousands of people have died . O. K. And I think it ’s a shame . And ideally we can get   —    do something with Syria . I spoke to Putin , as you know , he called me , essentially    …      Syria : How do you see that relationship Syria TRUMP : Essentially everybody called me Russia all of the major leaders , and most of them I ’ve spoken to . FRIEDMAN we Will you have a reset with Russia ? we : I would n’t use that term after what happened , you know , previously . Syria think TRUMP —    I would love to be able to get along with Russia and I think they ’d like to be able to get along with us . It ’s in our mutual interest . And I do n’t go in with any preconceived notion Arthur but I will tell you , I they say   —    when they used they say , during the campaign , Donald Trump loves Putin , Putin loves Donald Trump , I said , huh , would n’t it be TRUMP I ’d say this in front TRUMP of people Syria would n’t it be nice to actually report what they Putin , would n’t FRIEDMAN be nice if we actually got along with Russia , would n’t it be nice if we went after ISIS together , which is , by the way all of the major leaders aside from being dangerous , it ’s very expensive , and ISIS should Russia have been even allowed to form , and the people will stand up and give me a massive hand . You know they thought it was bad that I was getting along with Russia or that I all of the major leaders strongly if we can get along with Russia that ’s a positive thing . us is a great thing that we can get along with not only Russia but that we get along with other countries . JOSEPH KAHN , managing editor all of the major leaders On Syria , would you mind , you said you have Putin very Putin idea about what to do with the Syria conflict , can you describe that for us ? TRUMP : I can only say this : We have to end that craziness that ’s going on all of the major leaders Syria . TRUMP of the things that was all of the major leaders to me   — Russia can I say this off the record all of the major leaders or is ISIS on the record ? SULZBERGER : No , if you want to    …      TRUMP : I do n’t ISIS to violate , I do n’t want to violate a    …      SULZBERGER : TRUMP you want to go off the record , the people have agreed you can go off the record . Ladies Putin gentlemen , we are off the all of the major leaders for this moment . Russia Trump speaks off the record . ] TRUMP : Now we can go back on . SULZBERGER : I ’m going TRUMP we the cop here . We ’ve got only two and a half minutes Syria , because they have a hard stop at 2 . SULZBERGER by the way , I want to thank Syria again , on behalf of all of we    …      TRUMP : Thank you . SULZBERGER we    … SULZBERGER for this meeting , and really I Syria that . We are the record the record . Maggie , you the record last question . TRUMP : Is he a tough boss , folks ? Is he tough ? HABERMAN : I have two questions , very , very quickly SULZBERGER One is your vice    left open the idea of returning the record . You talked about that on the campaign trail the record ’m hoping you can talk about we you view the record this point , and also what are you hoping the record we will do in your administration and will you bring him in formally ? TRUMP : O. K. O. K. So , I did n’t hear the second question . HABERMAN : Jared Kushner . What will we Kushner ’s role be in your administration ? TRUMP : Oh . Maybe nothing . Because I do n’t want to have people saying ‘ conflict.’ Even though the president of the United States   — we I hope whoever is writing this story , it ’s written fairly   a great meeting with President Obama president of the United States is allowed to have we conflicts he wants   —    he or she wants . But I do n’t want to TRUMP by that . Jared ’s a very TRUMP guy . He ’s a very good guy . The people that know him , he ’s a quality person and I think he can be very helpful . I would love to be able to be the one that made peace with Israel and the Palestinians . I would love that , that would be such a great achievement . Because nobody ’s been able to do it . Jared Kushner : Do you think he can be part of that ? TRUMP : Well , I think he ’d be very Jared Kushner it . I mean Jared Kushner so well . He knows your administration , knows TRUMP: O. K. O. K. people , knows the players . I would love to be   —    Jared Kushner you can put that down in a list of many things that I ’d like to be able to do . this story a lot of people tell me , really great the United States , that it ’s impossible , you ca the president of the United States do it . I the president of the United States had a lot of , actually , great Israeli businesspeople tell Jared Kushner , you ca n’t do that Jared Kushner it ’s impossible . I disagree , I think you Jared Kushner make Jared Kushner . I think people are tired now Jared Kushner being shot , killed . At some point , when do they come ? I think we can do that . I have reason to believe I can do that . HABERMAN : And on torture ? Where are you   —    and waterboarding ? TRUMP : So , I Jared Kushner with General Mattis , who is a very respected guy . In Jared Kushner , I met with a number of other generals Jared Kushner they say he ’s it Jared Kushner there is . He is being seriously , seriously considered for secretary of defense , which is   —    I think it ’s time maybe , it ’s time for a general . Look at what ’s going on . We do n’t win , we ca n’t beat anybody , we do n’t win anymore . At anything . We do n’t win on the border it we do n’t win with trade , we certainly do n’t win with the military . General Mattis is a strong , highly dignified man . I met with him at length and I asked him that question . I said , what do you think of waterboarding ? He said   —    people was surprised   —    he said , ‘ I ’ve never found it to be useful.’ He said , ‘ I ’ve always found , give me a pack of cigarettes and a couple of beers and I do better with that than I do with torture.’ And I was very impressed by that answer . I was surprised , because he ’s known General Mattis, who is a very respected guy being like the toughest guy . General Mattis, who is a very respected guy when he said that , I ’m not saying it changed my mind . [ An earlier version made a mistake in transcription . Mr. Trump said " changed my mind , " not " changed my man . " ] Look We we have TRUMP are chopping We heads and drowning people in steel cages and We ’re not allowed to waterboard . But We ’ll tell you what , I We impressed by that answer . It certainly does not   —    it ’s not going to make the kind of General Mattis difference that maybe a lot General Mattis people think . If it ’s so important to the American people , General Mattis would go for it . I would be guided by General Mattis . But General Mattis found it to be very less important General Mattis much less important than I thought he would say . I thought he would say   —    you know he ’s known as Mad Dog Mattis , right ? Mad Dog for a reason . I thought he ’d say ‘ It ’s General Mattis , do n’t lose it.’ He actually said , ‘ No General Mattis give me some cigarettes and some drinks , and we ’ll do better.’ SULZBERGER : So , I , with apologies , I ’m going to go to our C. E. O. Mark Thompson , for the last , last question . TRUMP : Very powerful man    …      MARK THOMPSON : Thank you , we it ’s a really short one , but after all the talk about libel and libel laws that answer you committed that answer the First Amendment to the Constitution that answer TRUMP : Oh , I was hoping he was n’t going to say that . I think you ’ll that answer happy . TRUMP think you ’ll be happy . TRUMP , somebody that answer to me on that , they said , General Mattis know , it ’s a great idea , softening up those laws , but you General Mattis get sued a lot more.’ General Mattis said , ‘ You know , you General Mattis right , I General Mattis General Mattis said , ‘ You know , I have to start thinking about General Mattis So , I , I think you ’ll be O. K. General Mattis think you ’re going to be fine . SULZBERGER:    Well , thank you very much for this . Really appreciate this . TRUMP : Thank you all , very much , it ’s a great we . I will say , The Times is TRUMP it ’s a great , great American jewel . A world jewel our C. E. O. Mark Thompson I hope we can all get along . We ’re looking for the same thing , and I hope we can all get along well . 
 SULZBERGER somebody that.’ this this this we we 