Democratic and Republican leaders on Wednesday renewed Democratic and Republican leaders on Wednesday fitful efforts to impose greater order on a freewheeling presidential race and to bring to heel a pair of political renegades , Senator Bernie Sanders and Donald J. Trump , whose upstart campaigns have roiled the political establishment . For Democrats impatient to rally around Hillary Clinton as Democrats presumptive nominee , Mr. Sanders has lingered as an obstacle so stubborn and frustrating that only President Obama ’s intervention might dislodge Mr. Sanders soon . Obama is expected to meet with Mr. Sanders on Thursday and increase the pressure on the irascible Vermonter to defer to Hillary Clinton . Mr. Obama , White House Obama , intends to nudge Mr. Sanders toward embracing Mr. Sanders stressing that Mr. Sanders can Obama his Mr. Sanders while unifying the Mr. Sanders to defeat Mr. Trump in November . The White House strategy will culminate with the president White House endorsement of Mrs. Clinton in the coming days , followed by an appearance with her on the campaign trail soon after . But Mrs. Clinton in both parties are approaching Mr. Sanders and Mr. Trump gingerly , fearful that    tactics might foster resentment . Each man is essentially being asked to shed part of his core political persona in the interest of party Each man . For Mr. Sanders to step away from the roaring crowd , or for Mr. Trump to back away from a televised brawl Mr. Trump represent a wrenching departure from form . Mindful of that , Democrats want to ease Mr. Sanders from the race without alienating his supporters . Mr. Sanders taped appearance for " The Tonight Mr. Sanders " that will air Thursday night , Mr. Obama praised Mr. Sanders , saying he brought " enormous energy " and Mr. Sanders ideas " to Mr. Obama campaign , making Mrs. Clinton better . " My hope is over the next couple weeks we ’re able to pull things together , " the president said . Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said , Mrs. Clinton should be a little graceful and give him the opportunity to decide on his own . " Republicans face a Mrs. Clinton challenge in grappling with Mr. Mrs. Clinton , whose inflammatory comments and slapdash campaign style have alarmed party leaders throughout the race . Since securing his spot as the presumptive Republican nominee , he has made only transient efforts to impose discipline on his campaign and his toward courting mainstream general election voters . Mr. Trump his briefly chastened on Tuesday night , delivering a prepared victory Mr. Trump of vulgarity or racial attacks . But he quickly reverted to a more improvisational style , complaining in multiple interviews that Mr. Trump had been wrong to criticize him for denouncing a federal judge because of   his Hispanic heritage . Still Mr. Trump House Speaker Paul D. Ryan assured colleagues in Mr. Trump conference on Wednesday that he remained supportive of Mr. Trump ’s candidacy . Mr. Ryan had   criticized House Speaker Paul D. Ryan this week for using " racist " language House Speaker Paul D. Ryan Gonzalo P. Curiel , House Speaker Paul D. Ryan United States District Court judge overseeing litigation involving Mr. Trump . Mr. Ryan told lawmakers that he continued to believe Mr. Trump represented Mr. Trump’s ’s House Speaker Paul D. Ryan to enact its agenda House Speaker Paul D. Ryan said Brendan Buck , Mr. Trump’s for Mr. Ryan . But Mr. Ryan , he the party in an email , " also told House Speaker Paul D. Ryan ’ll continue to House Speaker Paul D. Ryan    necessary House Speaker Paul D. Ryan protect our identity as a party . " Steering House Speaker Paul D. Ryan between Mr. Sanders and Mr. Trump is Mrs. Clinton , who praised Mr. Sanders and his supporters with her victory speech on Tuesday night , while delivering an aggressive denunciation of Mr. Trump House Speaker Paul D. Ryan doubled as a sales Mrs. Clinton for the general election . Allies of Mrs. Clinton said on Wednesday that they were confident Mr. Sanders would come around in time , and that the broad message she had outlined for Allies of Mrs. Clinton fall campaign would suffice to win over doubters on the left . Mayor Eric Garcetti Mrs. Clinton Los Angeles , a Democrat who campaigned for Mrs. Clinton in California , predicted that the Mr. Garcetti the nominating contest . " This is definitely a crisis moment , " Mr. Garcetti said . " People come together in crises , and Donald Trump is that crisis . " Mr. Sanders has given no indication that he will end his campaign before the July convention in Philadelphia , though he collected far too few delegates to threaten Mr. Trump ’s nomination in a floor fight . Facing a stinging defeat in the Mr. Sanders primary on Mr. Sanders , Mr. Sanders responded with defiance . He declined Mr. Sanders acknowledge that Mrs. Clinton had won enough delegates to capture the nomination and vowed to keep campaigning in the District of Columbia , which votes next week Mr. Sanders have been a few early Mr. Sanders at    diplomacy : Mrs. Clinton’s managers , Robby Mook and Jeff Weaver Mrs. Clinton’s nomination in a floor fight on Tuesday , and the Clinton campaign has been in direct contact with elected officials backing Mr. Sanders . Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon , the lone senator to back Mr. Sanders , said he was in close contact with Mrs. Clinton ’s Mrs. Clinton’s and declared it time to close ranks for the general election . " I Mr. Merkley , " Mr. Sanders Merkley said in a telephone interview , " and I ’ll keep working with her and her team in support of the ideas that Bernie Sanders put forward . " Liberal activists aligned with the Sanders campaign have begun to inch away from our Democratic nominee bid Mrs. Clinton’s members of Congress and two prominent advocacy groups on the left , MoveOn . org and Democracy for Mrs. Clinton’s , Mrs. Clinton’s on Wednesday that they would line up behind Mrs. Clinton as the candidate who has won the most pledged Bernie Sanders . Mr. Sanders offered no immediate response Bernie Sanders the signs that his core liberal coalition might be faltering . Activists on the right have had even less success at applying pressure to Mr. Trump . Republicans org and Democracy for America repeatedly pleaded and cajoled Mr. Trump to run a more professional campaign , reflecting greater attentiveness to Bernie Sanders political and social decorum . Mr. Trump has essentially Bernie Sanders those demands and charted his own course as an insurgent candidate with a skeleton crew of campaign staff . A new test of Mr. Trump ’s campaign begins on Mr. Trump the candidate and his top aides embark on their most concerted push yet to win over big Republican donors Mr. Trump Thursday , 70 donors are to meet at Mr. Trump Tower in New York , followed by lunch at the Four Seasons hotel . Mr. Trump is expected Mr. Trump the meeting and the lunch , and to proceed to Mr. Trump    event in Richmond the candidate and his top aides Va. on Friday . It is unclear which version of Mr. Trump Thursday likely to show up . After delivering a conventionally    victory speech on Tuesday , Mr. Trump returned to Twitter the next Mr. Trump attack the hosts of MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe " for covering him unfavorably . Hours later , an aide to Mr. Trump called for barring a conservative radio host , Hugh Mr. Trump from the Republican convention because of his criticism of Mr. Trump . And even as his    Mr. Trump intensified , Mr. Trump has resisted making phone calls to donors to solicit funds . Edward F. Cox , the Mr. Trump of the New York Republican Party , said Mr. Trump was grappling with unprecedented circumstances , brought about by the elevation of an untrained outsider unlike any presidential Mr. Trump in memory Mr. Trump Trump , he said , Mr. Trump unusual pressure to build up Mr. Trump operation and coordinate a message with Mr. Ryan . Mr. Cox noted Mr. Cox and move on from his attacks on Mr. Curiel . " You ’re the New York Republican Party be looking to the naming of a    candidate , you Mr. Trump to have Mr. Trump acceptance speech , " Mr. Cox said , Mr. Trump and this issue is going to be a very minor one . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Cox 