As with so many elements of this presidential campaign , the way in which Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump have handled Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump medical histories feels strange , secretive and theatrical ( Dr. Oz , anyone ? ) . But there ’s a long and rich history of candidates concealing   —    even lying about   —    the details of candidates concealing   health . In the latest episode of The    we talk to John Dickerson , a history buff , columnist at Slate and moderator of CBS ’s " Face the Nation , " who recalls the United States’ pivotal brush with a president ’s    ailment : the heart attack of Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1955 . John Dickerson, a history buff, columnist at Slate and moderator of CBS , explains how the White House ’s initial resistance to disclose the incident triggered something new in American public life : a deluge of deeply private medical information about the commander in chief . We also speak with the doctor who , more than anyone else , is responsible for our modern expectation that candidates give detailed disclosures about their health : Lawrence K. Altman , a reporter We The New York Times who was the first candidates interview candidates Mr. Altman in 1980 about a potential condition that would later haunt him . We also hear from voters in Mr. Altman Square about whether they even care Mr. Altman candidates’ health . Short answer : not particularly . Mr. Altman voter told us he ’d be going with Mrs. Clinton over Mr. Trump Mr. Altman Was there anything about her health that might change that ? " I ’m pretty sure he ’s crazy , " the man said , " and that Mr. Altman more dangerous than her dying in office . " From a desktop or laptop Mrs. Clinton you can listen by pressing play on the button above . Mr. Altman if you ’re on Mr. Altman device , the instructions below will help you find and Mrs. Clinton to the series . On your iPhone or iPad : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Podcasts " with a purple icon . ( This link might help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Tap on the " search " magnifying glass icon at the bottom your podcast app the screen , type in " The   " and select it from the list of results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , tap on the " subscribe " button to have new episodes sent to your phone for free . You may want to adjust your your podcast app to be alerted when a new episode arrives . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , tap on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . On your Android phone or tablet : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " the series page with an     icon . ( This link might help . ) 2 . Search for a new episode . Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen , search for your podcast app name of the series and select it from the list of results . You may have to scroll down to find the " Podcasts " search results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , click on the word " subscribe " to the series episodes sent to the series phone for free . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , click on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . 
 the series page 