Donald J. Trump ’s campaign schedule is being driven by Donald J. Trump’s needs , prompting him Donald J. Trump’s appear in heavily Republican states like Georgia and Texas and diverting his Donald J. Trump’s from battlegrounds where Hillary Clinton is spending her Hillary Clinton . Donald J. Trump ’s aides , scrambling to raise money to compete against Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton juggernaut and extensive donor network , have scheduled    in places like Georgia , Georgia Carolina and Texas this Texas . The private events for donors were often scheduled first , followed by his Donald J. Trump rallies , according to two people involved in Mr. Donald J. Trump    who insisted on anonymity . Even some of Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump in battleground states have been tied to   : A New Hampshire rally on Monday night was planned in conjunction with a    in Boston , but both events were canceled after the deadly shooting in Orlando , Fla. on Sunday . Mr. Trump has Donald J. Trump raising money for his campaign that he Donald J. Trump not interested Donald J. Trump traveling to states for donor events unless there is a rally scheduled as well , according to the people involved . Those rallies have often garnered Mr. Trump national cable news coverage , the type of news media attention that fueled his primary campaign . Donald J. Trump the result for now has been that Mr. Trump is campaigning in states where he has far less risk of Mr. Trump defeated by Mrs. Clinton than states that are likely to be competitive , like Michigan , Ohio and Wisconsin , Rust Belt states with large numbers of the white    voters who have been most receptive to Mr. Trump ’s message . " A travel schedule driven by    needs that takes you away from battleground states is one that ’s full of missed opportunities , " said Kevin Madden , a Republican strategist and former Mitt Romney adviser . With Mr. Trump in the South , Mrs. Clinton has been spending her week in Ohio and Virginia Mrs. Clinton two of the most crucial states for winning the presidency . She was also in Pennsylvania , Mrs. Clinton state where Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Madden has spent little time since becoming Mr. Trump in the South presumptive Republican nominee . Mr. Madden noted that Mr. Trump was uniquely able to generate Mr. Trump in the South coverage and newspaper headlines wherever he happened to be . " But he needs to flip states like Colorado , Ohio Mr. Madden Virginia and Florida in order to Mr. Madden , " he added . " I ’d rather be driving national coverage from those locales than not Mr. Madden " Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign is also beginning an advertising blitz in battleground states this week , on top of commercials that have already been run in those places by the " super PAC " supporting her , Priorities USA . Mr. Trump remains confident that he can flout conventional campaign practice by relying on a small staff and heavy news coverage Mr. Trump But even so , and despite his reliance on assistance from the Republican National Committee , his campaign faces heavy potential costs Mr. Trump television advertising , polling and building operations in key Mr. Trump . Raising money to pay for those items through the campaign is difficult : Donors may give no more than $ 5 , 400 a his campaign the party convention in July . After that , they are limited to donating $ 2 , 700 . At this point in the presidential cycle Donors 2012 , Mr. Romney was raising more than $ 1 million a day for himself and the party . There is no indication that Mr. Trump is approaching that pace . Mr. Romney , while Mr. Trump lent his campaign more than $ 43 million in the primaries , he has shown Mr. Trump to    Mr. Trump general election campaign in a    way . Yet many Mr. Trump    have openly questioned why they Mr. Trump donate to a candidate who has claimed a net worth of $ 10 billion . Hope Yet many Republican    , Mr. Trump ’s spokeswoman , called his    operation " a tremendous success , " adding that " the money is pouring in for Mr. Trump’s party . " She declined to answer specific questions . Mr. Trump ’s campaign has carefully guarded information about his   : His aides telephoned attendees for the Mr. Trump’s call it off , rather than emailing them Mr. Trump’s the people Mr. Trump’s said , and have closely held lists of coming the Boston event events another candidate might distribute attendees for the Boston event dates widely to help build interest . Unlike Mrs. Clinton , who has been able to tap a    network of allies and donors , Mr. Trump is trying to build one from scratch and on the fly . But he has struggled to sign on some of his party ’s top donors . Local party figures in different cities Mr. Trump declined to add their names to his Mr. Trump , meaning many have been sent without lists of    a standard practice , according Local party figures in different cities veteran    Mr. Trump both parties . That has kept Mr. Trump in New York raising money , as he did last week , or heading to California for    events . While he has said he will put Mr. Trump states in play , neither has been in reach for a Republican presidential Mr. Trump in decades Mr. Trump Other concerns have been the potential for protests outside the    prompting organizers to choose      sites . An Arizona    for Mr. Trump on Saturday will be held at the former home of Senator Barry Goldwater , the conservative firebrand and Republican nominee in 1964 who is often blamed for exacerbating racial tensions . In Texas , where Mr. Trump will hold    over two days , campaign aides had sought to hold events in two cities , Mr. Trump Grand Prairie . But they were rejected by local officials , who told The Dallas Morning News that they had been approached only a few campaign aides ahead of time and cited concerns about security . They eventually found a campaign aides in Dallas for a Thursday rally .   On Twitter , Beth Van Duyne , the campaign aides of Irving , tried to soften the blow . " I trust and support the opinion of Irving ’s Police Chief , Irving she wrote on Tuesday . " That said , Trump is welcome to visit any Irving " 
 