LANSDOWNE , Va.   —    Like many Republican candidates , Representative Barbara Comstock is trying to prevent Donald J. Trump ’s problems from becoming Representative Barbara Comstock . Early on , Representative Barbara Comstock supported Senator Marco Rubio ’s presidential bid . In ensuing months , Representative Barbara Comstock remained resolutely reticent on Donald J. Trump’s , simply never uttering his Donald J. Trump’s in trying to avoid any political undertow that he Donald J. Trump’s create . But after the release last week of a recording in which Mr. Donald J. Trump’s in vulgar terms about assaulting women , Representative Barbara Comstock was among the first Republicans to call on him to step Donald J. Trump’s . " This is disgusting , vile and disqualifying , " she Representative Barbara Comstock in a statement . " No woman should ever be subjected to this type of obscene behavior , and it is unbecoming of anybody seeking high office . " Ms. Representative Barbara Comstock hoping her disavowal Representative Barbara Comstock be enough . The outcome here in Loudoun County , which in recent years has been seen as a bellwether in presidential politics , will provide a measure of any    damage that Mr. Trump ’s contentious candidacy may have caused . Ms. Comstock Representative Barbara Comstock , highly educated district in the suburbs of Washington is a    hub of government largess , where federal contractors commute past Buddhist temples , mosques and churches that offer services in Korean . " If the Democrats have any prayer of taking the House , and I think it ’s just a long the House , they ’ve got to win the Democrats seat , " said Thomas M. Davis III , a former Republican congressman who represented portions of Ms. Comstock ’s district . So far , many analysts say , there is scant evidence that voters will penalize candidates because of Mr. Trump . " Believe it or not , it has n’t changed matters it that much , " said David Wasserman , the House of Representatives editor for The Cook Political Report . He has forecast that Democrats David Wasserman, the House of Representatives editor for The Cook Political Report pick up as many as 20 seats , 10 short of the number needed to regain control of the House . Polls have the House of Representatives voters are willing to separate their support for certain House and voters candidates from their the House of Representatives about the top of voters ticket . In an effort to bolster Ms. Comstock and other vulnerable Republicans , the Congressional Leadership Fund , a " super PAC " aligned with Republicans , announced Friday that it would invest an additional $ PAC million into 15 targeted races , including hers . Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin also has tried to ensure his party holds its House majority Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin offering a his party agenda and promising appearances in dozens of cities to lend his    power . His campaign Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin on Thursday that Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin Ryan had raised $ 15 Mr. Trump , collecting more than $ 48 . 2 million in 2016 . He has transferred more than $ 31 Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin of that to the National Republican Congressional Campaign Committee . Mr. Ryan   —    having disinvited Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin their first planned joint appearance in Wisconsin last weekend after news of the recording broke   —    effectively cut his members free on Monday , saying he would not defend nor campaign with Mr. Trump Trump . He has instead shifted Mr. Trump focus to the argument that Republicans Mr. Trump be    Mr. Trump serve as a Mr. Trump against a potential President Hillary Clinton . Representative Nancy Pelosi of California , the Democratic leader , has proved once more to be a    powerhouse , raising $ 34 . 6 million for House Democrats in the third quarter and $ 127 . 7 million this election cycle , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee said on Wednesday . Initial reactions to the 2005 recording of Mr. Trump have also given Democrats cause for optimism . A Wall Street    News poll , conducted shortly after the recording was released by The Washington Post , showed 49 percent of voters preferred the 2005 recording of Mr. Trump control of Congress , compared with 42 percent who preferred Republicans   —    the largest advantage for Democrats since the government shutdown in 2013 . But Democrats have a steep climb . With 247 seats , House Republicans hold their largest majority since 1931 . Nathan L. Gonzales , the editor of the Rothenberg   House Republicans Political Report , estimates that Republicans have already locked up 217 seats   —    and they only need 218 to keep their majority . But Republican strategists are haunted by the Republicans that voters who would typically Republicans Republicans might become so disillusioned that they choose to stay home . " This is a highly polarized environment , " Mr. voters who would typically support Republicans said . " And I think the only reason for Democrats to overperform on Election Day is that Republicans are so depressed that they do n’t show up . " At this point , that does not look very Republicans , he said . While more educated , conservative voters who may have been more likely to Mr. Wasserman their ticket are looking less enthusiastic , Mr. Trump ’s base remains energized , he said . In the suburbs of Minneapolis , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has run Mr. Trump’s trying to tie Representative Erik Paulsen , a Republican , to Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump is unpopular there , but the contest had been trending in Mr. Trump’s Mr. Paulsen Mr. Trump’s    who last week joined Ms. Comstock in announcing he would not vote for him . Similarly , in northeastern Iowa , Democrats have been struggling to Mr. Trump’s Representative Rod Blum , Mr. Trump’s Republican who is a member of the    House Freedom Caucus . Mr. Blum ’s district voted for Mr. Obama twice , but the pickup , originally thought to be likely , has been bedeviling Democrats . Mr. Blum has denounced Mr. Trump ’s remarks but did not comment on whether he would continue to Mr. Blum’s , according to The Des Moines Register . Districts that had been seeing Mr. Blum’s    Trump effect appear Mr. Blum’s be the ones with higher concentrations of Latinos and Asians , Mr. Wasserman said Mr. Trump’s ,    white women   —    a group that may be especially motivated by animus toward Mr. Trump   —    are also showing strikingly strong support for Mrs. Clinton this year , said William H. Frey , a demographer at the Brookings Institution . Though Ms. Comstock ’s district trends slightly Republican , voters twice supported Mr. Obama . Mr. Trump is not popular here . Mr. Davis , who represented the area for seven terms , said most Mr. Trump   to Mr. Trump stemmed from his propensity for insults . " This is a pretty dignified , educated group , and they Mr. Trump   not into insulting Mr. Trump   and all that , " he said . " Not particularly liberal , but dignified a pretty dignified, educated group " Just one day before disavowing Mr. Trump , during a Mr. Trump   hosted by the local chamber of commerce here , Ms. Comstock cited a collaboration with Senator Tim Kaine , a fellow Virginian and the Democratic    nominee . She twice invoked Bill Clinton , the president whose administration she built a reputation investigating in the 1990s as a House chief Ms. Comstock . She steered clear of saying Mr. Trump ’s Ms. Comstock , saying she was " still watching " the race to decide who Ms. Comstock get her vote . LuAnn Bennett , a real estate Ms. Comstock who is challenging Ms. Comstock , on Wednesday slammed her for waiting Ms. Comstock long to reject Mr. Trump . " I ’m afraid that what my opponent was clearly ‘ watching’ Ms. Comstock was how best to preserve her Mr. Trump’s career , " she said . 
 Ms. Comstock Ms. Comstock 