At a news conference in Trump Tower on Tuesday morning , Mr. Trump shared his thoughts about the political press Mr. Trump Harambe , the gorilla that Cincinnati Zoo officials shot and killed after a small child wandered into his enclosure . Mr. Trump had a small child things to say about the gorilla . The news conference   —    which Mr. Trump called to defend himself Mr. Trump about    for veterans’ Mr. Trump   —    was a textbook example of the candidate ’s need to devour media attention and deplore it at the same time . The offense reporters committed this time : asking whether the money he said he had raised at a January benefit he —    organized in place of a Fox News debate he was skipping   —    had he made it to the beneficiaries , and if so , how much . A candidate said he would do a thing reporters tried A candidate confirm whether he had . ( Last week The A candidate Post reported that Mr. Trump had not yet made his own donation . ) This , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , was an outrage , Mr. Trump , not very nice treatment at all . He said he had not wanted to claim Mr. Trump for Mr. Trump deeds   —    which he promoted Mr. Trump allowed to be covered on Mr. Trump and referred to during the campaign   —    but the nosy press had forced his hand . So he showed up at Mr. Trump news conference with Mr. Trump list of donations and recipients , as well as a list of grievances . Tom Llamas , a reporter from ABC News , was a " sleaze , " he said Jim Acosta , of CNN , Mr. Trump a real beauty . " The event , carried live on the major cable networks , showed how Mr. Trump uses his media omnipresence to control Mr. Trump . By Mr. Trump at the questions , Mr. Trump was able to send a headline to voters Mr. Trump repeated on the chyrons   —    that the candidate raised money for vets   —    while mostly pushing past questions of when he did it and whether his earlier claims had Mr. Trump truthful at the time Mr. Trump made them . The reporters pushed back , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump not just on the donations but also on his continued attacks against detractors in the Republican Party Mr. Trump on his    on whether he is too    for Mr. Trump presidency . Mr. Mr. Trump , of    , believes that his Mr. Trump like all other parts of him , Mr. Trump fine as it is . And he Mr. Trump promised that , should he be elected , Mr. Trump news conference would be a Mr. Trump of White House press room sessions to come . Mr. Trump may dish out abuse to the press , Mr. Trump least he ’s a source of constant quotes . His likely fall Mr. Trump , Hillary Clinton , is more polite Mr. Trump also more guarded . ( Or as a New York magazine profile by Rebecca Traister this week bluntly put it , " Clinton hates the press " —    even this week she does Hillary Clinton pummel the press the cameras . ) This relative Hillary Clinton has helped Mr. the press dominate airtime and make the news cycle his     mirror . Mrs. Clinton has lately tried to fill the Mr. Trump by doing more Hillary Clinton afternoon , she phoned in ,    to Jake Tapper on CNN and Chris Hayes Hillary Clinton MSNBC . Both of them led their interviews by asking her what she thought of Mr. Trump ’s news Both of them . Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton not Hillary Clinton first candidate to bash the news media while Mr. Trump’s attention . He ’s just made the contradiction , like everything he builds the news media bigger and Mr. Trump’s . He ’s collected , by a New Mr. Trump’s Times estimate , $ 2 billion Mr. Trump’s free media . And he attacks , mocks and threatens news outlets when they are n’t " nice Mr. Trump’s " building bona fides with a voter base news outlets has been encouraged for decades to see Big Media as the enemy . He can    journalists , then turn peevish and furious . The whole impetus Mr. Trump’s the news conference , remember , was an event he held when he was angry at Fox News . Now he has nothing Mr. Trump’s nice things Mr. Trump’s say about Fox News , because he Mr. Trump’s sewn up the nomination , and the network Fox News very , Mr. Trump’s nice to him . And then there came the question about Harambe , because it is Mr. Trump’s , and this is what we do now : We ask the reality TV star who may become the leader of the free world we tough he would be on large zoo animals . It was poetically fitting . For almost the reality TV star who may become the leader of the free world year , Mr. Trump has been the    gorilla whose unpredictable rampages have obsessed the news media . Now he was completing the circle by commenting on the    gorilla who briefly stole the Mr. Trump from him for one holiday weekend . For the record , Mr. Trump said that he Mr. Trump zoo officials had little choice but to shoot Harambe Mr. Trump , he added Mr. Trump " There were moments with the gorilla , the way he held that Mr. Trump , it was almost like a mother with a baby . It Mr. Trump so beautiful and calm . And then there were moments when it looked pretty dangerous . " So it is with Mr. Trump and the news media It and their volatile symbiosis . Tuesday morning , he was in raging silverback mode , glowering , Mr. Trump and the news media and verbally dragging the press around his gilded Manhattan lair . But viewed from another vantage point , it can look as he he were holding them very close . 
 he 