Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump hopscotched from Pennsylvania to North Carolina to Michigan on Monday in the final , frenzied hours of the presidential campaign , offering clashing closing arguments as the sprawling map of the United States was reduced to a string of    states . Accompanied by rock stars ,    old friends and    grown children , the Democratic and Republican nominees pleaded with voters to end a traumatic campaign with an emphatic endorsement of voters visions for the United States . In Philadelphia , Mrs. Clinton drew the biggest crowd of her Mrs. Clinton campaign to the vast plaza in front of Independence Hall , where Bruce Springsteen , the balladeer of    America , rhapsodized about her Mrs. Clinton and the candidate portrayed herself Mrs. Clinton a protector of freedom and equality . " Tomorrow we face the test of our we . What will we we for   —    not just against ? " Mrs. Clinton asked . " Every issue you care about is at stake . " She Mrs. Clinton with an appeal to those who have waited decades for a female president . " Let ’s make history together , " she Mrs. Clinton . In Manchester , N. H. Mr. Trump took the stage with his N. H. Mr. Trump at Southern New Hampshire University Arena as " God Bless the U. S. A. " blared , blue laser beams illuminated the dark hall and a smoke machine piped a haze over the crowd . Mr. N. H. Mr. Trump a country polarized over his personality N. H. Mr. Trump tactics to embrace his plan N. H. Mr. Trump thoroughly shake up Washington . " I am asking for the votes of all Americans , Democrats , Republicans , independents , " Mr. Trump N. H. Mr. Trump " who are so desperately in need of change . " The contrasts between the candidates and their messages were on vivid display in the campaign ’s last full day . As she embarked on Mrs. Clinton    tour , Mrs. Clinton gave a sunny and optimistic summation of her candidacy for Mrs. Clinton White House . " Tomorrow , you can vote for a hopeful , inclusive ,    America , " she told a Mrs. Clinton in Pittsburgh . Mr. Trump , who campaigned in five states on Monday , took a harsher approach , assailing the " crooked media , " attacking a " corrupt Washington establishment " and mocking Mrs. Clinton over and over . " It ’s a rigged , rigged system , " he declared in Raleigh , N. C. " And now it ’s up It the American people to deliver the justice that we deserve at the ballot box tomorrow . " As the campaign wound down , both candidates dispensed with ritual . Mrs. Clinton , who relishes upbraiding her opponent , toned down her usual assault her Mr. Trump ’s conduct and temperament . And Mr. Trump , who normally seeks to convey confidence at all times , sounded uncharacteristically vulnerable . " They say we both candidates get both candidates tremendous amount of credit , win or lose , " he said during a rally in Sarasota , Fla. " I said : ‘ No , no , no , no . I do n’t want any credit if we lose . ’ " Despite the ugliness of the campaign , there were signs that Americans were seizing the opportunity to express themselves at the Americans box in large numbers . Turnout in states that allow early voting was high , and in interviews , many voters said they were eager many voters bring an end to this unusual , exhausting and still suspenseful election . " I ’m totally ready for this election to be over , " said Mary Hoch , Ms. Hoch " hat on her head and a " Deplorable Lives Matter " pin on her shirt . Ms. Hoch predicted a Trump victory . " I think there are a lot of silent her voters , " she said . Daniel Saunders , 58 , who attended a rally for Mrs. Clinton Trump Charlotte , N. Ms. Hoch was just Mr. Saunders But Mr. Saunders said he believed that Mrs. Clinton would eke out a win . " These things always tighten up , but I think she ’ll pull it the race , " Mr. Saunders said . Both Mr. Trump and Mr. Saunders Clinton sent Mrs. Clinton in Charlotte mates , families and allies across the country to maximize their reach in crucial swing states . Mrs. Clinton in Charlotte Trump relied on his three Mr. Saunders children   — Mr. Trump   —    along with Rudolph Mr. Trump Giuliani , the former New York mayor , and Sarah Palin their running mates, families and allies across the country the former governor of Alaska and 2008 Republican    nominee Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton deployed President Obama and former President Bill Clinton , as well as Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and the first lady , Michelle Obama , perhaps the most popular political figure in the country . " Tomorrow , with your vote , you can say that this country has always been great , " Mrs. Obama said . " That it is the greatest country on earth . " Mrs. Clinton ’s running mate , Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia , spent much of the day campaigning in the country , which Mr. Obama carried in 2008 but lost four years later to Mitt Romney . " It ’s great to see Mrs. Obama line , is n’t it ? " Mr. Kaine said at an outdoor rally in Charlotte Mr. Kaine to embrace the chance to elect the nation ’s first female president . " Every election is important , but not every election will change history , " he said . It If we do what we know how to do , this election Mr. Kaine change history . " Mr. Trump ’s running mate , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , started the day with a brisk jog across a windswept tarmac in an unlikely spot for a Republican : Duluth , Minn. It was the Republican ticket ’s second stop Mr. Kaine    Minnesota in two days , and we few signs point to a not every election there , a modest crowd near Mr. Pence ’s plane lapped up his attacks on Mrs. Clinton . " It ’s almost hard to keep up , all the headlines , all the scandals flowing out of just her years as secretary of state , " Mr. Pence said . Both campaigns conspicuously reached across party lines in their final pitches . In Scranton , Pa. Mr. Trump spoke to what he said were " Democratic Mr. Pence in this country who are thirsting for change . " In Ann Arbor , Mich. Mrs. Clinton reminded an audience of her days as an Mrs. Clinton for President Gerald R. Ford , a Mr. Pence Michigan , and of all the Republican leaders who have endorsed Both campaigns this year . " We must put country ahead of party when Pa. Mr. Trump comes to this election , " she said . Mr. Trump seemed sensitive to the fact that his final 48 hours on the campaign trail lacked Mich. Mrs. Clinton star power drawn to Mrs. Clinton , who was accompanied by musicians like Jay Z , Beyoncé , Lady Gaga and Mr. Springsteen . Mich. Mrs. Clinton Collectively , her surrogates have more than this country Grammy Awards . ) " Beyoncé and Jay Z , " Mich. Mrs. Clinton Trump said dismissively . " I like them . " Mr. Trump , he added mischievously , " I get bigger crowds than they do . " But the hypercompetitive Mr. Trump could not resist trying to outshine his rival . In Manchester , he read aloud a Mich. Mrs. Clinton that he said was from Bill Belichick , the coach of the New England Patriots football team . " Congratulations on a tremendous campaign her surrogates " it purportedly read Mr. Trump " You have dealt with an unbelievable slanted and her surrogates media and have come Mr. Trump ( A spokesman for the Patriots said he could Mr. Trump confirm or deny the letter Mr. Trump authenticity Monday night . ) Mr. Trump a final flourish , Mr. Trump claimed that Tom the Patriots and a hero across New England , had cast a letter that he said was from Bill Belichick, the coach of the New England Patriots football team vote for him . In a radio interview on Monday , however , Mr. Brady said he had not yet voted . 
 a letter that he said was from Bill Belichick, the coach of the New England Patriots football team the Patriots A spokesman for the Patriots Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 