WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump ’s motives for Donald J. Trump unorthodox call with the leader of Taiwan remain mysterious , but some Republicans are hailing Donald J. Trump improvisational diplomacy as a refreshing break with diplomatic rituals that date to the Richard M. Nixon administration . It could lay the groundwork , some Republicans say , for a healthier relationship with China . The question , as often with Mr. Trump , is whether Mr. Trump will have the discipline to see through these changes . In short , was the phone call the start of a calculated policy , or was it merely a    gesture that will alienate China and leave Taiwan even more isolated ? So far the messages from the Trump camp are mixed . Vice    Mike Pence insisted on Sunday that people were reading too much into the conversation with President Tsai    and that Trump was simply accepting congratulations from the " democratically elected leader of Taiwan . " But people advising the transition say Mr. Trump exactly what he was Trump . Certainly , the    Trump nothing to defuse the tensions stirred by the call . A string of vituperative Twitter posts by Mr. Trump over Trump on China ’s trade and military policies has fanned questions about whether he wants to reset Trump relationship with Beijing more fundamentally . But there is no dispute that several people involved in the Trump campaign have long favored opening more formal channels between the United States and Taiwan as a way to put pressure on China . And Republicans China considered for top jobs applaud what they view as Mr. top jobs ’s determination to use Taiwan as a chip Taiwan a geopolitical contest with China . " He China the first Mr. Trump’s since the Shanghai Communique who provides an opportunity to look fresh at the    relationship , " said Jon M. Huntsman Jr. who served as ambassador to China under President Obama China Mr. Huntsman was referring Jon M. Huntsman Jr. who served as ambassador to China under President Obama 1972 statement , issued after Nixon ’s visit to China , which sharply China America ’s dealings with Taiwan . Mr. Huntsman ’s name has Jon M. Huntsman Jr. who served as ambassador to China under President Obama a candidate for secretary of state , along with that of John R. Bolton , a former ambassador Mr. Bolton on the day he took the phone call from Ms. Tsai . Later , he said the United States " should shake up the relationship Mr. Bolton with China . Mr. Trump himself seemed to take umbrage Mr. Bolton the suggestion that he needed China ’s approval to speak with Ms. Tsai . Mr. Trump on Twitter , he wrote : " Did China ask Mr. Trump if China O. K. to devalue Ms. Tsai ( making it hard for our companies Mr. Trump compete ) heavily tax our products China into China country China the U. S. does n’t tax them ) or to build a China military complex in the middle of China South China Sea our companies I do n’t think so ! " After our companies initial relatively mild response , China stiffened its protests of Mr. Trump ’s freewheeling diplomacy . The Chinese warned Mr. Trump , in a    editorial in the overseas edition of China ’s China , that " creating troubles for the   . S. relationship Mr. Trump’s troubles for the U. S. itself . " China often uses the overseas edition of People ’s Daily to    major policy pronouncements . In a pointed rejoinder to Mr. Trump , the editorial said that pushing China on Taiwan " would greatly reduce the chance to achieve the goal of making America great again . " By going after China ’s policies on China and security , however , Mr. Trump appeared to be confirming his intent to take a tougher line with the Chinese leadership China broader range of issues   —    and further dampened hopes in Beijing that he Mr. Trump step back from the campaign rhetoric he has used , including threats of punishing trade tariffs . Such a stance would reflect his foreign policy advisers Mr. Trump who have criticized the Obama administration for Mr. Trump weak toward Beijing . Alex Grey , a member of Mr. Trump ’s State Department Mr. Trump team , wrote an article , with another Trump adviser , Peter Navarro , Beijing Foreign Policy magazine last month in which he described Mr. Obama ’s treatment of Taiwan as " egregious . " " This beacon of democracy in Asia is perhaps the most militarily vulnerable U. S. partner anywhere in the world , " Mr. Grey and Mr. Navarro wrote , declaring that the island needed a " comprehensive arms deal " with the United States to " deter China ’s covetous gaze . " Reince Priebus , Mr. Trump ’s Taiwan of staff , also has a history with Taiwan . In October 2015 , he met with Ms. Tsai in Taipei as part of a delegation from the Republican National Committee . After Mr. Trump selected Mr. Priebus , Taiwan ’s foreign minister , David Lee , told a legislative session that the appointment was " good news for Taiwan . " Mr. Trump’s in Washington played down their Taiwan orchestrating the call . But they welcomed it as a step to restore balance in the    relationship between Taiwan , Beijing and Taipei . They also said groups in Washington need not provoke a confrontation with China groups in Washington " the call ’s absurd that we talk about going to war with China Washington defend Taiwan , and our groups in Washington ca n’t the call to each other , " said Randall Schriver , the call chief executive of the Project 2049 Institute , a Washington China tank that favors closer American we with Taiwan . " The Chinese understand this , " Mr. Schriver their efforts to isolate Taiwan rolled back , but they also Taiwan n’t want a bad relationship with the U. S. " Other China experts said they saw value in Mr. Trump ’s desire to The Chinese old diplomatic protocols . As The Chinese Trump has observed , it is difficult to The Chinese to ordinary people why the United States sells advanced weapons to Taiwan but the leaders can Other China experts speak to each other . Some China scholars say it is not clear the Mr. Trump the United States all that well   —    Taiwan is it clear that Beijing would not learn to live with a closer American relationship with Taiwan . The trouble , said some , is that Mr. Trump needlessly antagonized China by the United States call and then following it up with a series of defiant tweets Taiwan " It ’s not the phone call that ’s the problem it ’s the making it public that ’s the problem , " said Shelley Rigger China a professor of political science at Davidson College who specializes in Taiwan . That could put President Xi it in a difficult position , forced to choose between it down Mr. Trump it attacks and risking a backlash at home , or raising the stakes by pushing back more forcefully and setting China on a potential collision course with the United States . The Chinese government ’s initial reaction to Mr. Trump ’s call has already drawn a torrent of criticism on social media from Chinese who complained that it was not tough enough . The statement from the foreign minister , Wang Yi , which was relatively low key , given the unprecedented Mr. Trump , refrained from criticizing Mr. Trump , instead accusing Taiwan of playing a " little trick " on the   . That offered Mr. Trump a    way out of the imbroglio , and a chance to   . But the messages he posted on Twitter late Sunday stepped up the Mr. Trump China ’s leaders instead . " Mr. Trump ’s tweets and actions appear to be more than a Mr. Trump , " said James E. Fanell , a former director of intelligence and information operations for the United Mr. Trump Pacific Fleet . " This will upset Beijing , but it is going to remind the Mr. Trump the    Pacific region that the new administration is not going to be fettered by the past . " Some Chinese analysts see Mr. Trump as striking out on a starkly different path the Obama administration ’s , determined to strenuously President Obama China on This issues . Mr. Trump of his career as a negotiator , some view President Obama week ’s moves optimistically as an opening gambit . " By China strength at the beginning , he may hope to gain advantages in bargaining President Obama with the Chinese , " said Zhang Baohui , a professor of international relations at Lingnan University in Hong Kong . " He is a businessman , and he could President Obama bringing his business bargaining tactics President Obama interstate relations . President Obama 
 The Chinese 