How exactly did Alec Baldwin construct Alec Baldwin mischievously exaggerated ,    searingly funny portrayal of Donald J. Trump on " Saturday Night Live " ? In the latest episode of " The " Alec Baldwin explains at length , switching in and out of the   ’s character as Alec Baldwin describes Alec Baldwin comedic craft . Here , Alec Baldwin recalls Alec Baldwin anxious , improvised debut as Donald J. Trump : I spoke with Sarah Maslin Nir , my colleague who conducted ( and , thankfully , recorded ) the original conversation with Mr. Baldwin , Alec Baldwin first interview about the comedic role . The Mr. Baldwin that he holds the    Mr. Baldwin low regard . But that has not stopped him from becoming a Mr. Baldwin student of Mr. Trump ’s every physical quirk and verbal tic   —    he is particularly taken Mr. Baldwin Mr. Trump ’s tendencies Mr. Trump and then what he comes to is Mr. Baldwin that you did n’t really have to pause to come up with that . " But is the performance an act for the sake of comedy or an act of political rebellion ? " I ’m here doing a show , " Mr. Baldwin says . " I ’m a performer , an actor that ’s here doing a show . It ’s a great part . a show That said , he is n’t shy about where Mr. Baldwin stands . " I do Mr. Baldwin hate him . I want him to Mr. Baldwin his life . Mr. Baldwin just want Mr. Baldwin to not be the president Mr. Baldwin the United States   —    as quickly as possible . " As a satirical version of Mr. Trump , Mr. Baldwin now deals with an unexpected dilemma , for him , anyway : Is his Mr. Baldwin making the new president Mr. Baldwin human , and thus , more sympathetic ? Ms. Nir asked him about that , too . Mr. Baldwin ’s the fake Mr. Trump . The real Mr. Trump had a the fake Mr. Trump , grappling with    global affairs in Germany , Turkey , Russia and Syria that are challenging a presidency focused on domestic economic revival . What did we learn about his interest and influence over international events ? I the fake Mr. Trump that question to the White House reporters Maggie Haberman and Mark Landler .    almost always remain silent on foreign policy until their inauguration , to avoid confusing the world about who , exactly , is commander in chief . On this , Mr. Landler and Ms. Haberman agree : Mr. Trump Mr. Landler account , have no interest in abiding by that practice . " He does n’t subscribe to the old idea that the country has one president his a time , " Mr. Landler says . Ms. Haberman questions how much we can deduce about his Maggie Haberman in office from his current behavior . " When it is not his triangulating against Obama and Trump his having to be the only president , I do n’t know what we ’re going to see in terms of foreign policy . It ’s a little easier for him to do this right now . " From a desktop or laptop , you his listen by pressing play on the button above . Or if you ’re on a mobile device , the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series . On your iPhone or iPad : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Podcasts " with a purple icon . ( your podcast app link may help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Tap on the " search " magnifying glass icon at the bottom the series screen , type in " The   " and select it from the list of results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page your podcast app tap on the " subscribe " button to have new episodes sent to your phone free . You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , tap on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to the series page . On your Android phone or tablet : 1 . Open your podcast app . It a new episode    app called " Play Music " with an     icon . ( This link may your podcast app . ) 2 . Search for the series . Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen , search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results . You may have to scroll down to find the series Podcasts " search the series . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , click on the word " subscribe " to have new episodes sent to your phone free . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , click on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . the series page 