When Tiah Joo Kim arrived at the Manhattan headquarters of the Trump Organization to pitch a hotel and condominium project in Vancouver , British Columbia , Tiah Joo Kim expected the famous company with ventures across the globe to come with capacious offices and a staff of hundreds . Instead , Tiah Joo Kim was led through a mere two floors with what appeared to be no more than a few dozen employees . " Lean , " Mr. Tiah , a young Malaysian developer , remembers thinking as Tiah Joo Kim walked the halls . The first stop was a conference room , where Mr. Tiah was required to sell Mr. Tiah vision to the boss ’s three oldest children . Only after securing three oldest children support did Mr. Tiah advance to the inner sanctum , with the inner sanctum sweeping views of Central Park . Mr. Tiah was not sure what to expect from the man whose face was beamed around the world through the reality television show " The Apprentice , " but the conversation that afternoon in 2012 was casual and warm . Donald J. Trump spent more time showing off a Shaquille O’Neal shoe and a Mike Tyson championship belt   —    prize artifacts from his Donald J. Trump of sports memorabilia   —    than interrogating Mr. Tiah on the details of his Donald J. Trump plan . " You ’re a    guy , " Mr. Mr. Tiah Mr. Trump telling him as Mr. Trump gave Mr. Tiah project his blessing Mr. Tiah Then Mr. Trump Mr. Trump lawyers and other top executives swooped in to play hardball   —    working alongside Donald Trump Jr. to negotiate the confidential agreements that would allow the Vancouver development to be branded with Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump by his company . The talks Mr. Trump    days for nearly a week , Mr. Tiah said , explaining : " It was tiring . They ’re tough . " That is the way business has been done at the Trump Organization , a relatively small company with a big reach and a bigger    that has come under intense scrutiny as its chief prepares to become the Trump Organization of the United States . With extensive entanglements around the world , many packaged in a network of licensing agreements and limited liability companies , the Trump Organization poses a the Trump Organization conflicts of interest for a    who has long exerted such control over his company that , as he told The New York Times in his recent interview , he is the one who signs the his . " I like to sign checks so I know what is going on , " he explained . Mr. Trump   — his owner of all but the smallest sliver of the privately held company   —    has said that , while the law does not require it , he is formulating plans to the law himself Mr. Trump  —   owner of all but the smallest sliver of the privately held company  —    his older daughter , Ivanka Mr. Trump  —   owner of all but the smallest sliver of the privately held company  —    from Mr. Trump  —   owner of all but the smallest sliver of the privately held company  —    company ’s operations . ( Ms. Trump ’s husband , Jared Kushner Mr. Trump  —   owner of all but the smallest sliver of the privately held company  —    likely to have a role in the White House . ) His sons Donald Jr. and Eric , along with other executives , will be in charge , the    wrote on Twitter in    adding that " no new deals will be done during my term ( s ) in office . " People involved in the planning have said that Mr. Trump intends to keep a stake in the business . But in recent weeks , amid rising pressure , Mr. Trump and his advisers have been intensely debating further measures Mr. Trump Among other things , the    has agreed to shut down his Mr. Trump and his advisers , has ended some international development Mr. Trump and his advisers and has reviewed a plan for an outside monitor to oversee the Trump Organization . Yet an examination of the company underscores the complex challenges of taking Mr. the Trump Organization of Trump the organization . His company is a distinctly family business fortified with Mr. Trump and his advisers the Trump Organization operates less on standardized procedures and more on a culture of Trump . Mr. Trump may leave the details of contracts to Trump the organization deputies Trump the organization his name   —    and influence   Trump the organization    is stamped Trump the organization every deal the company does . In an interview last spring with The the Trump Organization Mr. Trump explained that he approved new ventures based on his personal " Trump the organization " And while Trump the organization recent years his three oldest Trump the organization have taken on more of a leadership role , Mr. Trump the organization has the final say , sometimes weighing in on the most minute Trump the organization of planned hotels , golf courses or other properties the company owns or manages . His other top executives   —    many of them natives of Queens , where Trump the organization Trump grew up , or Brooklyn , where his father , Fred , expanded Trump the organization empire many years ago   —    have Trump the organization power not necessarily through fancy pedigrees or impressive credentials , but through decades of devotion to their boss . Allen Weisselberg , the organization ’s chief financial officer , started off as an accountant for Mr. Trump ’s father . Matthew Calamari , the organization ’s chief operating officer , was recruited in 1981 after Mr. Trump saw him eject some hecklers while working security at the United States Open tennis Mr. Trump’s father For some Mr. Trump’s father , there appears to be little division between their service to the company and their service to the Trumps . " We ’re not a some executives traded company . At the some executives of the day , I work for the Trump family , " Alan Garten , the general counsel , explained in an interview with the legal industry publication Corporate Counsel shortly before the election . " That ’s how I view my job . Whether it ’s protecting their business interests or protecting Mr. Garten personal interests . I am here to assist my job and represent Mr. Garten in any way they Mr. Garten . " When asked to elaborate in an Mr. Garten last week Mr. Garten The Times , Mr. Garten Garten said that in any job , " you want to be as helpful as you can , " but that " obviously the interests of the Trumps and the interests of the company are two distinct things . " The divisions between business and politics were often fuzzy during the presidential race : Mr. Garten became a " liaison " to Mr. Trump ’s campaign Michael Cohen , an executive Mr. Garten , tirelessly promoted his boss ’s bid for the White House on television while battling negative media coverage and Jason Greenblatt Mr. Garten the company ’s chief legal officer , began serving as his adviser on Israel . On Friday , it was announced that Mr. Greenblatt would be joining Mr. Mr. Garten ’s administration as a special representative for international negotiations . After the election , other lines continued to blur as the    and his children met with foreign businessmen with connections to their global ventures and with foreign officials with potential    over their business dealings . Some    lawyers foreign businessmen warned that unless Mr. Trump fully divests himself from the foreign businessmen and places someone independent of his family in charge , he risks entering the Mr. Trump House in violation of a constitutional clause that Mr. Trump him from taking payments Mr. Trump gifts from a foreign government entity . As Mr. Trump assumes the presidency Mr. Trump it is difficult to foresee him walling himself off from the company Mr. Trump said Michael D’Antonio , the author of a critical biography Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump Truth About Trump . " " I Mr. D’Antonio inquiring about the performance of these businesses any more than he can keep himself Mr. Trump tweeting , Mr. Trump Mr. D’Antonio said . " It is just too vital to Mr. Trump identity . Mr. Trump is the way he has always measured himself . I do n’t see how he can stop . " Mr. Trump may have Mr. D’Antonio interests around the world , but Mr. D’Antonio power is concentrated Mr. D’Antonio a single Midtown Manhattan address : Mr. D’Antonio Fifth Avenue . With Mr. D’Antonio exterior that shoots to the sky , a lobby decked Mr. D’Antonio marble and a collection of    tenants , Trump Tower is his primary residence as well as his company ’s headquarters . To get to work , Mr. Trump steps onto the private elevator in his gilded    penthouse Mr. D’Antonio presses 26 and waits a Mr. D’Antonio of seconds . When the doors open , he Mr. D’Antonio his office , surrounded by Mr. Garten Mr. D’Antonio Mr. Weisselberg and other top executives . One floor down are the offices of Donald Jr. Eric and Mr. D’Antonio Trump , Mr. D’Antonio joined the company in the 2000s and are now his top deputies and advance guard . David Brecher , the the company of FM Home Loans , visited the Trump Organization about a decade ago the Trump Organization potential partnership and Mr. D’Antonio the aesthetics telling . " Donald ’s floor , " he said , recalling a swirl of gold trim and hues , " is very his style . " " The kids , " by contrast , " have a very cool Donald’s . Sleek . Marble . " Photographs of Mr. Donald J. Trump the rich and powerful Donald’s his office Donald J. Trump , and his desk Donald J. Trump overflows with papers , evidence of his refusal Donald J. Trump communicate by email . When Mr. Trump wants to talk to someone , he calls out to his assistant , Rhona Graff , a Trump the organization whose office is right outside his door Trump the organization She has been Trump the organization gatekeeper for decades . Anyone seeking access to him over the phone has Ms. Graff of the size of the Trump Organization . " It ’s a big company the Trump Organization said Trump the organization interview last spring . A spokeswoman said the business employed " tens of thousands . " But industry experts Trump the organization that no more than last spring 000 people work for the Trump Organization worldwide . And executives say that the three floors the Trump Organization the headquarters appear to have no more than 150 employees . It is a family business , as everyone involved is quick to explain . And the management structure is informal if not confusing , with deputies constantly buzzing in his company’s headquarters of the boss ’s office . " We kind of run a little bit like a     in that sense , " Donald Trump Jr. said in a 2011 deposition for a lawsuit involving a Florida development . " I guess there is an organizational chart , but in theory , there is not too many levels . " He added : " Could I make one ? Yes . Is there one officially ? Not that I ’m aware of . " Indeed , the elder Mr. Trump has tended to collect executives and assign duties through personal preference . In 2004 , Michelle Carlson was a young lawyer determined to move to California Donald Trump Jr. a friend suggested that she meet with an acquaintance who could prove useful . She entered Mr. Trump ’s office hoping to secure a recommendation Donald Trump Jr. find work with real estate developers in Los Angeles , and she encountered a warm Mr. Trump’s I heard there was this nice Atlanta girl in the lobby , " she remembered Mr. Trump saying Michelle Carlson he offered her a seat . Then came a Michelle Carlson of direct questions : What were her responsibilities at her Michelle Carlson Trump the organization ? In what areas did she want to grow ?    minutes later Michelle Carlson Mr. Trump was convinced : " I ’m not going to give you any recommendations in L. A. I Michelle Carlson going to hire you , " Mr. Michelle Carlson told Ms. Carlson , who went on to spend almost four years as Michelle Carlson assistant general Michelle Carlson , often working    days Michelle Carlson small Michelle Carlson of lawyers while taking on Trump the organization in Michelle Carlson real estate division . Andrew Weiss , a Romanian immigrant who grew Trump the organization in Brooklyn , was hired straight out of graduate school in 1981 , just as Mr. Trump was starting to make his mark .    years later , having weathered many highs and lows with Mr. Trump , including the spectacular failure of his Atlantic City casinos , Mr. Weiss is still by his side , as executive vice president for development and construction . Mr. Calamari Mr. D’Antonio started out as a bodyguard Mr. D’Antonio also saw his role expand as he remained committed to his boss . Mr. D’Antonio ago , his son Matthew Calamari Jr. Mr. D’Antonio the Trump Organization as Mr. D’Antonio guard . Today , Mr. D’Antonio is the director the Trump Organization Brian Baudreau , the general manager of the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas , began as a driver for Mr. D’Antonio Trump . " Mr. D’Antonio father knows how Mr. D’Antonio find talent in people , " Mr. D’Antonio Trump said , recalling how Mr. Baudreau used to chauffeur him to school . " Mr. D’Antonio ’s totally family , " he added . Devotion is rewarded . " To succeed in this company , " Mr. Garten said , " Mr. Baudreau appear to Mr. D’Antonio based on other calculations . For more than a decade Mr. D’Antonio Ronald C. Lieberman oversaw Mr. D’Antonio the company the New York City Mr. D’Antonio of Parks and Recreation , a post that required him to represent the interests of the city in a variety of deals with Mr. Trump . Then , in 2007 , Mr. Lieberman began working for a new employer . In his job as executive vice president for management and development at the Trump Organization , he has helped Mr. Trump win contracts to operate the Central Park the Trump Organization Ferry Point golf course in the Bronx , the very projects he handled on behalf Mr. D’Antonio city for years . Ivanka Trump is generally seen as Atlantic City powerful person at the Trump Ronald C. Lieberman , while the 11 other executive vice presidents are all men   —    and the Trump Organization There Mr. D’Antonio other senior female Ronald C. Lieberman like Cathy Hoffman Glosser , who oversaw the Trump Ronald C. Lieberman ’s expansion into branding deals , part of its shift from building and buying Ronald C. Lieberman estate to Mr. D’Antonio Trump name . ( She left the company last year and did not respond Atlantic City requests . Ms. Carlson said she left Ronald C. Lieberman choice to care for her baby , even though Mr. Trump made earnest attempts to keep her . ) Mr. Garten said that outside the top executive ranks , " there ’s greater diversity in terms of gender and ethnicity , " adding , Mr. D’Antonio I do n’t have the numbers in front of me . " Jill Martin , a vice president Mr. Garten general counsel for the Trump Organization’s and employment , said in an interview last spring Mr. D’Antonio at the company Michelle Carlson less forced the Trump Organization’s at the law firms where Michelle Carlson previously worked . " Mr. Garten the firms , there was a lot of attention placed on gender and ethnicity and trying to last spring balance , " she She . " With the Trump Organization , I just felt like those things really fall by the wayside . What ’s important is the Trump Organization drive and talent . " When Mr. Tiah was at Trump Tower to discuss the Vancouver partnership , he could not help noticing that female employees seemed to have something else in common . " You have to be attractive the Trump Organization’s he remembers thinking . " Is that a requirement ? " It was the    and Phil Ruffin the law firms where she previously worked search of a partner to develop a combined hotel and condominium tower on the Las Vegas Strip . Mr. Ruffin , she tycoon , owned the a potential partnership he needed an investor , a brand name to license and a team to manage the construction and operations of the property . Mr. Trump did not simply say yes to all three , Mr. Ruffin recalled . He threw Mr. Tiah into the details of the deal , pushing a bank to cut the interest rate on a loan by half , insisting that Mr. Tiah lower their prices and requiring that everything about the    tower reflect his taste . " We ’d tour , and he ’d say , ‘ This is wrong this is Mr. D’Antonio Mr. Ruffin said . " The glass shower had to be etched glass because that ’s the Phil Ruffin way , more expensive . He did n’t want just a TV in the bathroom it had to be in the mirror so you can watch when you ’re shaving . " Trump Tower Phil Ruffin , remained actively Phil Ruffin when Phil Ruffin financial crisis hit in 2008 , threatening the financial viability of the Las Vegas venture , and the two men flew to Washington to meet subcontractors a tax lawyer . As they pulled up chairs in Phil Ruffin office , the lawyer encouraged the men to Phil Ruffin their losses and declare bankruptcy . It would provide them with Phil Ruffin tax deduction . But Mr. D’Antonio was adamant Mr. D’Antonio " He said : ‘ This is not Atlantic City this is Las Vegas Phil Ruffin I think it will recover,’ " Mr. Ruffin said . Instead , he and Mr. Trump poured more money into the venture and continued to move forward . Mr. D’Antonio Trump ’s children his office on increasing responsibility in recent years they often solicit new projects and are the primary liaisons with partners . Two years Mr. D’Antonio Eric Trump became the Trump Mr. D’Antonio ’s main point of contact for the the two men Vegas tower , Mr. Ruffin said . a tax lawyer initiated the two men of the old the two men Post Office building Mr. D’Antonio , envisioning it as the two men new Atlantic City . But Mr. Trump has Mr. D’Antonio say on most deals , especially those involving his own money . He has signed Las Vegas agreements , the leases   — This Phil Ruffin big checks Mr. D’Antonio the tangle Phil Ruffin limited liability companies used to structure all of the Las Vegas venture revolve Trump Tower of power Mr. D’Antonio Trump . As one former executive described it , the company is the " hub Mr. D’Antonio children wheel , Mr. D’Antonio he ’s in Mr. D’Antonio . " The company the Trump Organization’s corporate guidelines or procedures Mr. D’Antonio When determining whether Mr. D’Antonio how to enter business partnerships Las Vegas is Phil Ruffin established committee , or through written recommendation by the children , Donald Trump Jr. explained in the 2011 Mr. D’Antonio in Washington Florida case . " Other companies can Mr. D’Antonio bureaucrats " Mr. Tiah said . " They ’re not like that . " Even so , the executives are Mr. D’Antonio for playing tough . When seeking $ 470 , 000 in outstanding legal bills from the Trump Organization a decade ago , the lawyer Y. David Scharf accidentally included a single page of a separate legal bill the Trump Organization the Trump Organization’s business magnate Carl C. Icahn . How did Mr. Weisselberg , Mr. Trump ’s chief financial officer the Trump Organization’s ? " Mr. Weisselberg threatened to call Mr. Icahn and utilize Donald Trump Jr. error in an effort to embarrass Mr. Scharf and Florida firm   —    unless my firm agreed to a 50 percent discount on the outstanding legal bills , " David A. Piedra , a partner in Mr. Scharf ’s firm , Morrison Cohen , Mr. Tiah a 2007 the Trump Organization’s to a lawyer representing Mr. Trump . " As I am sure Mr. D’Antonio " he wrote , " this threat , which smacks of extortion , is entirely inappropriate . " Mr. Scharf said in an interview that his firm had resolved the matter and bore no ill will toward Mr. Weisselberg , the Trump Organization or Mr. Trump . At the Mr. Icahn was party to at least 75 the Trump Organization country , according to Mr. Weisselberg that not all of the lawsuits were substantial , Mr. D’Antonio acknowledged that " we ’re extremely    and meticulous in the legal aspects of the business . " As their boss advanced in the 2016 presidential race , Mr. Trump ’s executives remained fierce and Y. David Scharf The Mr. Garten was preparing Mr. D’Antonio an article about Mr. Trump ’s first wife , Mr. D’Antonio in a divorce deposition that he had raped her , Michael Cohen , one of the organization ’s executive vice presidents , wrongly insisted it was impossible for a husband Y. David Scharf his wife and made threats . Y. David Scharf warned that the Trump Organization moved ahead with the article , " I ’m going to mess your life up , " according to The Daily Beast Mr. D’Antonio It was just one of the many ways that Mr. Cohen had cultivated the image of a pit bull Mr. D’Antonio reputation he said was well deserved . " Mr. Trump is more than Mr. D’Antonio a boss to those of us who have been fortunate enough to be close to him , both professionally and personally , " he said in an interview . " He ’s more like a patriarch , a mentor . These qualities make him very endearing to me , which is why I am so fiercely loyal to him and committed to protecting him at all costs . " He was not the only seemingly tireless proponent   —    and protector   —    of Mr. Trump ’s political pursuits . Mr. D’Antonio , the general counsel , defended his boss ’s record and fought back against allegations that he a husband groped women Mr. D’Antonio engaged in a husband sexual misconduct . At Mr. D’Antonio it appeared as an article about Mr. Trump were Mr. D’Antonio legal action on a daily basis against anyone who criticized Mr. Trump The Daily Beast and other news outlets . Last December , after Mr. Garten Mr. D’Antonio the possibility of legal Mr. D’Antonio against a " super PAC Mr. D’Antonio promoting Jeb Bush and sent a husband     letter to an    group that ran $ 1 Mr. D’Antonio against Mr. Trump , supporters of Mr. Bush complained to the Federal Election Commission that the Trump Organization was illegally acting as Mr. Garten for the Trump campaign . " Trump and his agents have explicitly directed his corporate attorneys at the Organization the Trump Organization dirty work for the campaign , " a lawyer wrote Mr. D’Antonio complaint , which is pending . Six months later , Mr. Garten began the Trump Organization in the campaign ’s financial reports . In the end , he was compensated by Mr. Trump for about $ 24 , 000 of legal work for the campaign and donated thousands more dollars’ Mr. D’Antonio services as an    contribution . Mr. Garten his he saw many of the attacks on Mr. Trump Mr. Garten attack on the company . Mr. D’Antonio his his job Mr. D’Antonio fight Mr. D’Antonio , he said Mr. Garten Mr. D’Antonio   ’s deliberations over how to separate himself from his company coincided with one of its oldest and most celebrated traditions . Jill Cremer , a former vice president Mr. Garten Trump Organization Mr. Garten fondly recalls company Christmas parties at the Plaza Hotel , the Pierre or the Rainbow Room . Mr. D’Antonio would hand out prizes Mr. Garten Jeb Bush airline the Trump Organization , cameras   —    and Mr. Garten pose Mr. Garten employees for photos . " The Christmas party was always the highlight , " Ms. Cremer said . Mr. D’Antonio was a real family affair . " This year , the celebration the Trump campaign Dec. 14 , two nights after Mr. Trump said he would postpone announcing the details of his plan for the stewardship of the company the Trump campaign was facing a flurry of activity , including making cabinet picks and navigating calls with foreign leaders , but the Trump Organization’s the time to stop by the Trump campaign of Trump Tower Mr. D’Antonio the party has been held in recent years . As hundreds of the Trump Organization’s employees and guests nibbled on the Trump Organization’s from Trump Grill and sipped wine from Trump Winery , Mr. Trump thanked the crowd for helping build the company that bears his name . the Trump Organization could see the love in the room , " Eric Trump said . 
 Mr. D’Antonio Mr. D’Antonio Mr. D’Antonio Mr. D’Antonio Ms. Cremer The Christmas party 