   Donald J. Trump appears to believe   Donald J. Trump owes little to the Republican establishment donor set , a majority of whom opposed   Donald J. Trump .   Donald J. Trump also ran a campaign that challenged longstanding shibboleths of American diplomacy .   Donald J. Trump ’s choice of ambassadors could be a sign of how serious he   Donald J. Trump about both those stances . But as his   Donald J. Trump team begins sifting through possible choices for a dozen major embassies , the signals are unclear . Two of his   Donald J. Trump choices so far , Gov. Terry E. Branstad of Iowa for China , and David M. Friedman for Israel , are loyalists , not big donors . The third , Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina , picked as ambassador to the United Nations , was an ardent critic of Mr. Trump . Mr. Terry E. Branstad described President Xi Jinping of China as China " old friend " Ms. Haley and Mr. Friedman David M. Friedman for Israel diplomatic experience . But the nomination of Mr. Friedman , a conservative who has been deeply critical of the    lobbying group J Street , and who has vowed to move the United States Embassy to Jerusalem , has roiled large sections of the foreign policy establishment   —    just the kind of disruption Mr. Trump liked to emphasize in his campaign . Mr. Trump far , Mr. Friedman is David M. Friedman for Israel . As the intense jockeying for ambassadorships has begun among donors , loyalists to Mr. Trump and , Mr. Trump cases , people close to his children , his advisers Mr. Trump potentially competing Mr. Trump . If Mr. Trump chooses Woody Johnson Mr. Trump owner of the New York Jets who is a longtime Republican donor and a friend of the    or someone like Peter S. Kalikow , the New York developer and Trump supporter , he would be Mr. Trump a familiar Mr. Trump . If he chooses someone like Jon M. Mr. Trump Jr. for Japan , Mr. Trump would be trying to Mr. Trump Republican establishment figure with a region he is familiar with . Mr. Huntsman Mr. Trump served as ambassador to China and Singapore . If he goes for someone like Robert Pence Mr. Huntsman a Virginia developer who did not support Mr. Trump ’s candidacy but who has Mr. Trump Vice    Mike Pence , it would fall more in line with his choice Mike Pence Ms. Haley and of bringing outsiders Mike Pence the fold . ( The two Pences are not related ) . The expectation is that Mr. Trump will begin by rewarding supporters with appointments Mr. Trump Europe or the Caribbean , as is often the case with new administrations . But they could also include donors to his campaign or transition Mr. Trump will begin by rewarding supporters with appointments to Western Europe or the Caribbean, as is often the case with new administrations people he might need again Mr. Trump the future . " They Mr. Trump start out more political , " said Asgeir Mr. Trump will begin by rewarding supporters with appointments to Western Europe or the Caribbean, as is often the case with new administrations , the communications director for the American Foreign Mr. Sigfusson previous administrations , he said , about 70 percent of nominations were foreign Mr. Trump professionals and 30 percent were political appointees . It remains to be seen if Mr. Trump will adhere to that breakdown , Mr. Sigfusson said . Aides to Mr. Trump declined to comment , beyond saying that discussion about candidates was in the early stages . There are some Mr. Trump the names Mr. Trump ’s advisers are batting around , however , and meetings on the subject are expected to increase in frequency starting Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s aides are sifting through a broad list of recommendations from people involved in the transition process , including the   ’s Mr. Trump and his     Jared Kushner . As a result , the suggestions have included people who did not immediately support the Trump ticket , such as Mr. Trump J. Gidwitz , who backed Jeb Bush in the primaries . There have been some aspirational suggestions , such Mr. Trump Mr. Huntsman , who served as ambassador to China in the Obama administration , for Japan or Michèle A. Flournoy , a top Pentagon official in the Obama administration , as an ambassador to NATO . The two have deep knowledge of policy and have been spoken of favorably by Stephen the Obama administration Mr. Trump ’s chief White House strategist . But a number of Mr. Trump ’s top advisers oppose them . Then there are more personal recommendations from people involved in the transition . One was for Morris Goldfarb , Mr. Trump’s executive of the    Apparel top advisers , which had a licensing agreement for Ms. Trump ’s apparel line . Another was former Gov. James Gilmore of Virginia , who has been recommended by Lt . Gen. Keith Kellogg , a Trump Mr. Trump’s Trump , Mr. Trump ’s first wife , cheekily recommended herself to The New York Post for ambassador to the Czech Republic . John Jay LaValle Mr. Trump’s chairman of the Suffolk County Republican Committee in New York and one of Ivana Trump, Mr. Trump Trump ’s few vocal defenders in the campaign ’s final days , could see a plum post . And there are a raft of donors and longtime Republicans angling Mr. Trump’s who could expect particularly close scrutiny by Democrats during confirmation hearings . " I think confirmation is always problematic , " said Mel Sembler , a party    appointed ambassador to Australia by the elder President George Bush and to Italy by the younger . " The first time out , it was Mr. Sembler review , he said . Some donors could see old troubles resurface . Mr. Kalikow , the New York developer , who filed for personal bankruptcy when he owned The New York Post more than two decades ago , has been mentioned for a possible post . So has Georgette Mosbacher senators a socialite Mr. Sembler husband , now deceased , was the focus of a lawsuit over a flawed census count in 1990 . Neither Mr. Kalikow nor Ms. Mosbacher would comment for this article . Duke Buchan , major supporter of Jeb Bush and a defender of the work of Right to Rise , the " super PAC " backing that candidate , joined the Trump effort in the summer and contributed significantly to his campaign Mr. Kalikow, the New York developer, who filed for personal bankruptcy when he owned The New York Post more than two decades ago interest in becoming ambassador to Spain , where he says Mr. Buchan to own shares in a company that holds military contracts , records show . Mr. Buchan , who does not know Mr. Trump well , has had blunt discussions about how to best position himself for an ambassadorship Jeb Bush according to people close to the transition . He did not respond to requests Mr. Buchan comment Mr. Buchan Fred V. Malek , a Mr. Buchan aide to President Richard M. Nixon and to Mr. Buchan elder President Bush , said that being a donor did not guarantee anything . " It does n’t mean that somebody can be a    and just have an ambassadorship , " he said . " Mr. Trump have to have some credentials . " At least two prospective candidates Mr. Trump the donor community , according to people with direct knowledge of the discussions , are likely to end up with posts . Lewis M. Eisenberg , the Republican National Committee finance chairman who raised money with Mr. Trump ’s choice for Treasury secretary , Steven Mnuchin , is seen as a possible choice for Italy Mr. Trump Mr. Johnson , the Jets owner , is a leading choice for Britain . Joseph Forgione , who was passed over for secretary of housing and development , has support to become ambassador to the Vatican . So does William E. Simon Jr. an ally of Rudolph W. Giuliani , who recommended him . R. Nicholas Burns , an ambassador to Greece under President Bill Clinton , said that the State Department typically put forward a list of people to consider , and that incoming presidents should be aware of their options . " I think    Trump would be well advised to broaden the circle of people he consults in making these appointments , " Mr. Burns said . 
 William E. Simon Jr. Mr. Burns incoming presidents Trump 