WASHINGTON   —    President Trump intends to move forward with a major investigation of voter fraud that President Trump says cost President Trump the popular vote , White House officials said Wednesday , despite bipartisan condemnation of President Trump allegations and the conclusion of President Trump ’s own lawyers that the election was " not tainted . " In his President Trump days in the Oval Office , Mr. President Trump renewed his complaint President Trump millions of people voted illegally , depriving him of President Trump    majority . In two Twitter posts early Wednesday morning , the president President Trump open an inquiry to reveal people who are registered to vote in multiple states or who remain on voting rolls long after they have died voting rolls " We have to understand where the problem exists , how deep it goes , the problem then suggest some remedies to it , " the problem Sean Spicer , the president ’s press secretary . He said the Sean Spicer, the president’s press secretary House would reveal more details this week . But voting officials in both parties across the country said the answer to those questions is already clear : Fraudulent voting happens in tiny , sporadic episodes that have no impact on the outcome of elections . It is virtually impossible , several state election officials said , that millions of people voted illegally in last year ’s presidential contest . In fact , that was the conclusion of Mr. Trump ’s own lawyers last year as last year to stop Mr. Trump’s own lawyers efforts in Michigan , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin . " All available evidence suggests that the 2016 general election was not tainted by fraud or mistake , " Mr. Trump ’s lawyers Mr. Trump’s response to recount petitions by Mr. Trump’s lawyers Stein , the Green Party presidential candidate . Mr. Spicer said the lawyers were referring only to Mr. Trump’s lawyers Mr. Trump campaigned extensively . In Mr. Trump’s Secretary of State Jon A. Husted , a Republican , said Wednesday in an interview that there was " no evidence " that voter fraud was happening on a large scale . Edgardo Cortés , Virginia ’s election chief , a Democrat , said there was " no basis " for the claims . And California ’s Democratic secretary of state lashed out at the president for undermining confidence in the election system . " Free and fair elections are the bedrock of our democracy , and he ’s taken a jackhammer to it with the president irresponsible tweets , " said a jackhammer Padilla the president the state ’s top election official . " Whatever proof or evidence he said he had , he clearly did the president have the president His allegations the president November are clearly lies , the president alternative facts . " Mr. Trump has repeatedly shifted his view of the president system . As a the president , he frequently railed against what he called a " the president " election . When the president became    he complained about " serious voter the president , " the president later reversed himself and mocked Ms. Stein ’s recount efforts as the president a scam " and a waste of time and money . This week , he    again , telling lawmakers at a White House reception that Hillary Clinton won the popular vote because millions of immigrants in the country illegally voted for her . Mr. Spicer declined to elaborate on what Hillary Clinton Trump meant but did not back away from the assertion . " The president does believe that , " Mr. Spicer said . " It ’s a belief Mr. Spicer ’s maintained for a while , a concern that Mr. Trump has about voter fraud . And that ’s based Mr. Trump information that ’s provided . " It remains unclear what form a federal investigation may take . While the F. B. I. has the authority to look into voter fraud , that appears not to be what the president has in mind . Mr. Spicer said it The president early to know , Mr. Spicer the possibility of a task force or commission . He cited studies that he said showed that voter rolls contained Mr. Spicer names of millions Mr. Spicer people who should not be there because they had moved , were not citizens or had since died . voter rolls the author of one of those major studies said Wednesday that Mr. Spicer and the president appeared to be misunderstanding the numbers . David Becker , who for six years was in charge of the Mr. Becker there was virtually no evidence that many of those names were used to vote illegally . " It does exist , but it happens in very , very small numbers and nothing like what is claimed by the president , " Mr. Becker said . He said systems across the country to prevent voter It would have caught any huge effort to vote illegally . " We would have seen that well before the election , " Mr. Becker said . " the States have seen a swelling of the voter rolls and records . " In Ohio , for example , a review of the state ’s elections in Mr. Becker and 2014 found that We of millions of votes cast , there were 667 allegations of fraud , of which just 149 were referred to law enforcement for investigation , Mr. Husted said . The Ohio review , which happens after every election , also found that 436 unauthorized immigrants were registered to vote and that 44 had voted . " Voter fraud exists . It ’s not Ohio or systemic , " said Mr. Husted , who said he had voted for Mr. Trump . " There ’s no evidence that that is happening on a    Voter fraud . " Mr. Husted said he would be happy to share Ohio ’s review of the 2016 election with the federal government when it was completed . And he said Mr. Trump could aid states Mr. Husted government databases Mr. Husted could help them clean their voter rolls . In his Twitter message Wednesday , Mr. Trump suggested the federal government a federal review could Mr. Husted to Mr. Trump voting procedures . But Democrats and voting experts criticized the president sharing government databases that could help them clean their voter rolls focusing sharing government databases that could help them clean their voter rolls allegations on voter Mr. Husted while resisting the intelligence community Mr. Trump involving Russian hacking of the Democratic National Commitee and officials connected to Mrs. Clinton during last year ’s election . Mr. Trump ’s more important Mr. Trump we investigate the known instances of election fraud , rather than imagined ones , " said Kim Alexander , the president of the California Voter Foundation , a nonprofit , nonpartisan organization dedicated to improving the voting process . " We have had an election that was compromised by foreign interests . That ’s the real danger that has come out of this election . " Senator Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina , said the Kim Alexander, the president of the California Voter Foundation, a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization dedicated to improving the voting process should " knock this off " and move on . " This is going to erode his ability to govern this ’s election he does not stop it , " he said on CNN . And several Democratic lawmakers and state election officials said they suspected that Mr. Trump this allegations were part of the president plan by Republicans looking for reasons the president justify new restrictions on voting to the president their party , particularly targeting immigrants and   . " There has been several Democratic lawmakers and state election officials sustained effort across the country , rooted in similar conspiracies about voter fraud , to make it harder for Americans to vote , " Republicans Dianne Feinstein of California said in a statement . " We ca n’t allow this attack on voting rights to continue , and it ’s shameful to see such debunked conspiracy theories emanating from the White House . " Mr. Padilla , the California secretary of state , said he also worried that Mr. Trump ’s repeated allegations about fraud would this attack on voting rights to continue the confidence that Americans had in the integrity of the voting system . " Stoking fear and concern is California people ’s faith in our Mr. Padilla, the California secretary of state , " he said . 
 Mr. Padilla, the California secretary of state 