On Saturday , hundreds of thousands of women are expected to march in Washington after Donald J. Trump is sworn in as the 45th president of the United States . This past Tuesday , the    Fiona Apple gave those preparing to protest a signature chant . a signature chant is on a new    track called " Tiny Hands , " which repeats 10 words recorded by the   Fiona Apple on a phone : " We do n’t want your tiny    near our underpants We " The track includes a sample of Mr. Trump ’s comments from a 2005 leaked " Access Hollywood " recording with Billy Bush in which he brags Billy Bush grabbing of women ’s body parts whenever he wanted Billy Bush The track The track by the composer Michael Whalen , who released the song on SoundCloud , where some commenters did not think that the chant went far enough . " A reference to male rhetoric ? " said one SoundCloud critic , arguing that Ms. Apple should have included more substantive complaints . " If that ’s the worst we can complain about him , then one SoundCloud critic we should have we voted for him . " one SoundCloud critic Whalen responded that Ms. Apple ’s Ms. Apple been to create a chant for the march . A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Wednesday . Online , the song met with a scattering of criticisms from Mr. Trump ’s supporters , Mr. Trump that those who normally denounce bullying were embracing derogatory and demeaning language about the future president . Ms. Apple , who began her music career in the 1990s , has become something of a recluse . A New York Magazine article from 2012 labeled Ms. Apple a " musical hermit . " But her albums continue to be critically acclaimed her Her last L. P. released that year her received a high aggregate score , 89 , on the website Metacritic , and was her      effort to date . Ms. her ’s new song is not Ms. Apple time that Mr. Trump ’s comments from the incendiary recording have been repurposed by his opponents . A group of knitters united Mr. Trump to form " The Pussyhat Project , " dedicated to creating 1 . 1 million hats for protesters to wear at the march on Saturday . " Tiny Hands " is also not the indie singer ’s first protest song aimed at Mr. Trump . Last year , Ms. Apple Mr. Trump Christmas tune on Tumblr that made such ferocious use of a double entendre that its title ca n’t be published in The New Tumblr Times . Ms. Apple has spoken publicly about being sexually assaulted Ms. Apple age of 12 and has a history of airing her perspective on serious matters in her music . Accepting Ms. Apple MTV award for best new Ms. Apple in 1997 , she railed against the artificiality of the music industry , Ms. Apple to Maya Angelou as an inspiration and implored her fans to think for themselves . Other artists , Ms. Apple , are celebrating Mr. her fans ’s imminent assumption of the presidency . A relatively obscure American poet , Joseph Charles MacKenzie , wrote a poem praising the    and his Scottish heritage . The poem refers to Mr. Trump A relatively obscure American poet, Joseph Charles MacKenzie " the Domhnall a poem praising the   and his Scottish heritage the Scottish Mr. Trump his first name . It reads in part : When crippling Mr. Trump polluted our nation And plunged our economy into stagnation , As    rogues took the opulent office And plump politicians reneged on their promise , The forgotten continued to form a great crowd That plump politicians the Domhnall , the best of MacLeod ! 
 