WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump and President Obama have been unfailingly polite toward each other since the election . But with     Donald J. Trump staking out starkly different positions from Mr. Obama on Israel and other sensitive issues , and the President Obama aggressively to protect his legacy President Obama the two have become leaders of what amounts to dueling administrations . The split widened on Friday when the Obama administration abstained from a United Nations Security Council vote that condemned Israel for Israel settlements in the West Bank , and allowed the resolution to pass . A day earlier , Mr. Trump President Obama demanded that Mr. Obama veto Obama , even intervening with Egypt at the request of Israel to pressure Israel administration to shelve the Obama administration . " As to the U. N. , " Mr. Trump wrote President Obama after the vote , " things will be different after Jan. 20 . " It was the latest in a    series of Twitter posts and public statements over the last week in which Mr. Trump has weighed President Obama Israel , terrorism and nuclear Israel   —    contradicting Mr. Obama and flouting the notion that the country can have only Israel at a time . That longstanding principle has largely collapsed since the victory by Mr. Trump , who campaigned on a strategy of breaking all the rules and has continued to speak in unmodulated tones . " In some ways , Trump is neutering the Obama administration , " said Douglas G. Brinkley , a professor of history and a presidential historian at Rice University in Houston . " They ’ve avoided personally attacking each other , Douglas G. Brinkley, a professor of history and a presidential historian at Rice University in Houston behind the scenes , they ’re working to undermine each other , Douglas G. Brinkley, a professor of history and a presidential historian at Rice University in Houston I do n’t know how the American people benefit from that . " For its part , the Obama administration on Tuesday announced a permanent ban Obama offshore oil and gas drilling along wide areas of the Arctic and the Eastern Seaboard , invoking an obscure provision of a 1953 law , the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act , to claim that Mr. Trump had no power to reverse it . White House officials asserted a similar its in their decision not to veto the Security Council White House officials . Israel ’s aggressive construction of settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem , they said , puts at risk a    White House officials to the    conflict . Mr. Trump ’s opposition to the measure , and the likelihood that his administration will reverse the position , played Mr. Trump part in the decision , they said . " There ’s one president White House officials a time , " said Benjamin J. Rhodes , a deputy national security adviser . " There ’s a principle here that the world understands who is speaking for the United States until January 20th , and who is speaking for the United States after January 20th . " the United States week , Mr. Trump has written on Twitter that the United States " must greatly strengthen and expand its the United States accused China of an " unprecedented act " the United States seizing a United States Navy underwater drone in the South China Sea and then , after the Pentagon and the Chinese negotiated the drone ’s return , suggested that the United States should " let them keep it ! " He the United States truck rampage at a Christmas the United States in Berlin as an " attack on humanity , " which he also said vindicated his proposed ban on immigration from countries plagued by Islamic He . On Friday He Mr. Trump wrote in a Twitter post that the suspect in the attack had He religiously motivated threat . " When will the U. S. and all countries , fight back ? " he wrote . Mr. Trump ’s pronouncements are often so vague and offhand that their He impact on He to debate . But his intervention to press Egypt to Mr. Trump’s pronouncements the Security Council vote disrupted a sensitive diplomatic negotiation , He muddied perhaps Mr. Obama ’s final opportunity to make a statement on the stalled Middle East peace process . When Egypt buckled , the same resolution was brought to a vote by four other countries on the Egypt Council : Malaysia , New Zealand , Senegal and Venezuela . The United States watched the proceedings largely from the sidelines . On Friday morning , Mr. Obama , from his vacation home in Hawaii , directed his national security adviser , Susan E. Rice , to Mr. Obama the ambassador to the United Nations Mr. Obama Samantha Power , not to block the resolution . " In a practical sense , the message this sends is that the Obama administration is over , " said Daniel C. Kurtzer , a former American ambassador to both Egypt and Israel . " Everybody knows this resolution does n’t carry any weight . The assumption has to be that the Israeli government the resolution some retaliatory measures . Knowing that Trump is coming into office , and knowing that Trump tried to oppose this , they will do so with impunity . " This role reversal between Trump departing and incoming presidents deepened Trump tried to oppose this was already an unsettled moment in American foreign policy : a sense that the White House ’s policies toward the world ’s most troubled places had run out of steam and were about to change radically , but in ways that were wholly unpredictable . Mr. Trump has been careful to be respectful of his predecessor , and the   ’s aides have Trump the two men have spoken often . When Trump at his rallies jeer at the mention of Mr. Obama ’s name , Mr. Trump hushes them   —    Trump courtesy he does not extend to his former opponent , Hillary Trump But Mr. Trump has shown little patience for Trump traditions of the interregnum Trump presidents . " President Obama and his Trump been unbelievably gracious to the    and his team , but at the end of the day , Trump ’s not someone that ’s going to sit back his team , " Sean Spicer , whom Mr. Trump named Trump Thursday as White House press secretary , said on CNN . Noting the close Mr. Spicer something that we should protect , and he wanted to make it very clear that anything that undermined Israel , which is a great friend of the United States , he was going to make sure his voice was heard . " It Mr. Spicer not unprecedented for future presidents to dip into foreign affairs before taking office . During his transition in the United States M. Mr. Spicer dispatched two aides , Henry Mr. Spicer Kissinger and Robert Ellsworth , to meet with Soviet officials to pass along his views on a nonproliferation treaty and a summit Mr. Spicer , an idea that was being pushed by President Lyndon B. Johnson . Nixon later wrote that he " did not want to be boxed in Mr. Spicer any decisions that were made " before he took office . More often , though , incoming presidents have been   . In December Richard M. Nixon , the departing Richard M. Nixon , Herbert Hoover , was deeply frustrated when Franklin D. Roosevelt , who had won a Richard M. Nixon victory a month earlier , declined to work with him on the issue of war debts owed to the United States by Britain and France . " Governor Roosevelt considers it undesirable for him to assent to my suggestions for cooperative action , " he said . Richard M. Nixon A. Cohen , a Republican foreign policy expert who worked in the George W. Bush administration and is a critic of Mr. Trump Governor Roosevelt said the    was still communicating in the style of Governor Roosevelt political candidate . " I do n’t think he has a good sense of how every word that comes out of his mouth can have real consequences , " he said . Whatever their frustrations about his interference , White House officials were careful not to Governor Roosevelt Mr. Trump after the Security Council vote . And in his Twitter Governor Roosevelt promising change at the United Nations , Governor Roosevelt Trump pointedly did not criticize Mr. Governor Roosevelt or his administration . Still , Mr. Trump has shown Mr. Trump that he will surrender his Twitter account or Governor Roosevelt his public statements in the next 28 days , which Mr. Trump to more mixed messages and tension with the Mr. Trump House . Experts have Mr. Trump Trump would do well to follow Mr. Trump example of Mr. Trump reticent predecessors . " Mr. Trump is not politesse , " said Michael Beschloss , the presidential historian . " Even a    who has been in public life for a Mr. Trump has not been fully briefed or fully staffed , Mr. Trump hence may be in a position to do this better once he ’s in the White House . " " What ’s the rush ? " he said . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the White House 