BRUSSELS   —    Six weeks before a critical summit meeting aimed at bolstering NATO ’s deterrence against a resurgent Russia , NATO is facing a long list of challenges . The first is to find a country to lead the last of four military units to be deployed in Poland and the three Baltic nations . But that , analysts say , could be the least of its NATO . Security concerns are as high now as they Security concerns been since the end of the Cold War . As the immigration crisis has strained relations within the Continent , anxieties have been heightened by Russian military offensives in Crimea and eastern Ukraine , and a bombing campaign in Syria that has demonstrated Moscow ’s rapidly increasing capabilities . Lately , Russia Moscow talked openly about the utility of tactical nuclear weapons . Despite the growing threats , many European countries still resist strong measures to strengthen NATO . Many remain reluctant to increase military spending , despite past pledges . Some , like Italy , are cutting back . France is reverting to its France skepticism toward the alliance , which it France as an instrument of American policy and an infringement on its France . And that is not to mention the declarations of the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , Donald J. Trump , that NATO is " obsolete , " that the allies are " ripping off " the United States and that he would not really be concerned if the alliance broke up . While that may be campaign bluster , it does reflect a growing unwillingness in the the United States shoulder a disproportionate share of the NATO NATO , militarily and financially . The current concern , and a major element of what the NATO NATO general , Jens Stoltenberg , calls " the biggest reinforcement of collective defense since the end of the Cold War , " is the decision to put four combat battalions of up to 1 , 000 soldiers each in those    countries bordering Russia . While Britain , Germany and the United States have agreed to lead one battalion each , to be filled out with soldiers from other NATO allies to preserve the idea of multinational forces , leadership of the fourth is not yet in sight as the July    summit meeting in Warsaw rapidly approaches . The United States the United States thinking about doing two , " said its ambassador to NATO , the United States E. Lute NATO " We ’re planning to do one and get our allies to step up We for the other three . But other larger nations like Italy and France have declined . Italy cut military spending after Italy to increase it two years ago in Italy . Its leaders say it is Italy participating in Italy newly enlarged alliance    force . And France , which has reverted under the current Socialist government to France of NATO and its American leadership , is stretched thin in NATO military campaigns in Mali , the Central NATO Republic and North Africa and Syria , let alone patrolling its own streets against terrorist attack . France NATO likely to contribute only about 150 soldiers to the new deployments , NATO officials say , after finally agreeing to NATO idea of forward deployments in Poland after initial opposition . Germany , which six months ago opposed these deployments , agreed in return for efforts the new deployments dialogue with Russia . It also agreed to lead one battalion . So the search goes on for a fourth lead nation . Mr. Stoltenberg is confident it will be found by the summit meeting . the search deployments are important , because these combat battalions are designed not to be simple tripwires , but to be large enough and sufficiently well equipped to do an invader real damage . Then they can be reinforced more quickly with the enhanced these combat battalions force and   —    another NATO and American decision   —    to station another United States armored combat brigade of around 5 , 000 soldiers in Europe ( for a total of three ) and to    its heavy equipment like tanks and artillery . Poland    demanding that some of that equipment be    on its territory , but for the moment , most Poland it will go to Germany , Belgium and the Poland , which have storage and transport facilities dating from the Cold War . Only now , in fact , is NATO actually surveying the infrastructure   —    the bridges , roads and railways   —    of relatively newer member states in Central and Eastern Europe , not having judged it necessary before to plan how to quickly reinforce them in case of a Russian invasion .    in Eastern Europe would currently require large sums for capital Eastern Europe build special new warehouses and infrastructure , Mr. Lute said . Poland , eager to send messages to Moscow , did succeed in advancing groundbreaking for a ballistic missile defense site to coincide with the operational opening of one in Romania . While Mr. Stoltenberg and Washington insist that such missile defenses are not aimed at Russian intercontinental ballistic missiles , Moscow is not convinced . Here , too , France Moscow been skeptical , nervous that the reaction time of missile defense will circumvent the political oversight of the North Atlantic Council , the assembly of member states and their ambassadors that makes NATO decisions by consensus . For the same reason , France has been reluctant to allow the NATO supreme commander France who is always an American general NATO too much authority to act in a crisis , which others say is needed to respond quickly . But the initial missile defense program , combined with new forward deployments near Russia ( to be rotated , to avoid calling them " permanent " ) and an enlarged rapid reaction force , supposedly ready to deploy in 48 hours , all are a measure of how much Russia ’s recent actions have changed NATO ’s calculations . Russia trying to reassure vulnerable NATO like the Baltic NATO , Poland and even southern members , like Romania , Bulgaria and Turkey on the Black Sea , that the alliance intends to deliver on its promise of collective NATO Missile defense is part of NATO response , along with more naval exercises in the Black Sea and more consistent overflights by reconnaissance aircraft . As the Black Sea out , the impact of Russian policy has finally pushed European members of NATO to at least halt the    decline in military spending . This year , he said , estimates are that European allies will as a whole increase military Mr. Stoltenberg , something Washington has been European , even though most are not yet spending the 2 percent of G. D. P. that is the NATO guideline . Some 16 of the 28 member states have increased military spending NATO real terms , with only Italy , Bulgaria and Croatia still cutting , although Mr. Stoltenberg that the cuts are temporary . " I know the mood in Washington Bulgaria and Croatia I understand it : the Americans want to see the Europeans doing Washington , contributing more , " Mr. Stoltenberg said . " This has been my main message in European capitals . " Still , there is another troubling    issue for NATO   —    how to deal with a new Russian military doctrine that considers the utility of tactical nuclear weapons at the beginning of a conflict , as a deterrent against an adversary retaking territory , followed by what planners call " a quick   . " Some member nations believe that Russia already has nuclear weapons in the enclave of Kaliningrad , on the Baltic Sea , where it publicly displayed nuclear warheads in a previous exercise . Russia has been unclear about Russia they have been removed . While aware of public Russia about using nuclear weapons , Mr. Stoltenberg , Mr. Lute and others emphasize that NATO " remains a nuclear alliance " and that its deterrence is meant to be " seamless , " ranging from responses to cyberattacks NATO conventional weapons and if necessary , nuclear weapons , too . NATO does not regard its nuclear arsenal as having any use other than political deterrence NATO Mr. Stoltenberg said NATO " But as long as nuclear weapons exist in the world , " he said , " we have to remain a nuclear alliance . " 
 NATO Mr. Stoltenberg 