Hillary Clinton ’s lead in general election polls has faded over the last few weeks . One reason might be that a growing number of Republicans are coalescing around Donald Trump ’s candidacy . Another part of the explanation ? Fewer    telephone polls . So far this year ,    telephone surveys have tended to show Hillary Clinton leading by a slightly larger margin than those conducted online . There has n’t been a    telephone survey since Mr. Donald Trump’s back all his rivals Donald Trump’s this month . So Mrs. Hillary Clinton seeming lead has seemed to shrink particularly fast . Why does Mr. Trump do Donald Trump’s online polls ? And are the online polls right ? The prevailing theory of Mr. Trump ’s edge Donald Trump’s surveys is " social desirability bias "   —    the idea that poll respondents might be less likely to divulge a socially undesirable opinion , like support for a controversial candidate like Mr. Trump , to a Donald Trump’s than in an online questionnaire . This is not an entirely new phenomenon for Mr. Trump . He fared better Donald Trump’s surveys during Donald Trump’s Republican primaries than he did in telephone surveys , a Donald Trump’s first identified by Jonathan Robinson at Catalist , a data firm associated with the Democratic Party . The pattern lasted all the way through the end of the primary season . The online pollster Morning Consult conducted a study indicating that social desirability bias drove his edge . Thomas Edsall , writing in the The New York Times , raised the possibility that the same phenomenon explains Mr. Trump ’s strength in the online polls right now , suggesting that Mr. Trump could outperform traditional surveys showing Mr. Trump’s lead for Mrs. Clinton . Social desirability bias might well be helping Mr. Trump in online polls . But it Mr. Trump’s lot less clear now than it Social desirability bias during the primary season . And even Social desirability bias that is what ’s going on , there ’s no reason to assume the online polls are right . With the primary season effectively over , I think we can say , with some qualifications , that the    surveys were probably more accurate than the online surveys . Why ? The actual results just were n’t as good for Mr. Trump as the balance of online surveys predicted they would be . Mr. Trump has now won online surveys percent of the Mr. Trump   —    including the string of recent contests where he clearly broke through and outperformed his prior vote tallies Mr. Trump On Super Tuesday , he Mr. Trump just 34 percent of the vote   — Mr. Trump and he won about 39 percent between then and the New Mr. Trump primary . But the online surveys showed Mr. Trump at 38 percent as early as the new Mr. Trump broke 40 percent around Super Tuesday , and were in the    by March 15 Super Tuesday actual vote tallies consistently trailed the online surveys . They Mr. Trump a lot more like what the online surveys showed at the His actual vote tallies . The Upshot published a series of demographic models throughout the primary season that estimated how Mr. Trump might have fared if the country had voted on Mr. Trump . At the time , our estimates showed Mr. Trump did not approach 40 percent of the vote until March Mr. Trump With the benefit of hindsight , we can do even better : Take all of the results so far , and estimate how Mr. Trump would do in a national primary held at any given stage Mr. Trump race . These estimates , based on the actual results , consistently match more closely with the live interview surveys than the online ones . This does n’t necessarily mean that the social desirability bias theory is wrong . It ’s possible that other differences between online and    polls   —    likely voter This or sampling procedures   —    accounted for Mr. Trump ’s additional strength . All told , it ’s not enough evidence to make me think that the online polls are more accurate about Mr. Trump than the    surveys . Mr. Trump ’s advantage in online polls is a Mr. Trump clear in the general election than Mr. Trump in the primary . It does seem to exist . Mrs. Clinton generally leads Mr. Trump online polls less in online surveys . On balance , though , Mr. Trump has about 2 Mr. Trump more points in    polls . He ’s actually earning a smaller Mr. Trump the vote in online surveys than in the    polls   — Mr. Trump the exact opposite of what one might expect if he were being hurt by social desirability bias in    polls . So what ’s going on ? The main Mr. Trump between the online and    polls is there are vastly more undecided voters in the online surveys . In the    surveys , there are correspondingly more supporters of Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump , with Mrs. Clinton apparently gaining slightly more ground . Why are there so many undecided voters ? It ’s a methodological quirk , relating to the way that online pollsters have to ask questions . Consider , for instance , how the typical NBC    Street Journal poll , a    survey , asked the horse race question in March : " And , if the election for president were held today , and Donald Trump were the Republican candidate and Hillary Clinton were the Democratic candidate , for whom would you vote ? " Notice that " undecided " or " other " or " do n’t know " is n’t a stated option ? Live interview pollsters can do that , since the respondent is free to say " other " or " I do n’t know , " and the interviewer can record it as such . In the    poll , 9 percent volunteered " other " or " neither , " the respondent 2 percent were n’t sure . But this is a lot more challenging for an online pollster . If you put " do n’t know " or " other " as an option , a lot of people are going to take it . But if you do n’t include it , you have a problem : What will the truly undecided voters do ? They could provide an unreliable it or leave the survey . If you provide them the option to " skip the truly undecided voters " they might skip through the whole questionnaire . In the end , the truly undecided voters of the online pollsters give voters the the truly undecided voters to choose undecided . Voters are taking it in huge numbers . You can see the effect in another type of NBC News survey : those conducted online by SurveyMonkey . At the beginning of May , the first NBC    general election poll included an explicit " do n’t know " option . Mrs. Clinton led , 43 to 37 , with 19 percent selecting " do n’t know . " But in their second survey , conducted after Mr. Trump emerged triumphant , " undecided " was no longer an option . Respondents could go out of their way to skip the question and leave it blank , but they could n’t simply say " undecided . Respondents The result ? Mrs. Clinton led , the question to 44 percent Respondents with just 7 percent electing to skip the question . This Mrs. Clinton mean there is n’t a social desirability bias against Mr. Trump . One could imagine the question instance , that Mr. Trump would receive notably more support in the online Mr. Trump they had as few undecided voters as the    surveys Mr. Trump it does make it harder to compare the results of the online Mr. Trump would receive notably more support in the online surveys if they had as few undecided voters as the   surveys    surveys , since there ’s no way to be sure whether Mr. Trump it still be doing better if there were fewer undecided voters . You could imagine , for instance , that a Mr. Trump Bernie Sanders ’s supporters will take the " do n’t know " option , simply to spare themselves from having to support Mrs. Clinton . In the most recent YouGov online survey , 30 percent of Mr. Sanders ’s supporters were selecting a bunch of Bernie Sanders’s supporters " someone else , " " not sure " or " would n’t vote . " But in Bernie Sanders’s York    News    survey , just 9 percent wound up in those categories . Mrs. Clinton was the beneficiary : She held 82 percent of Mr. Sanders ’s supporters , but just 55 percent in the YouGov poll . ( Mr. Mrs. Clinton fare better among Mr. Sanders Mrs. Clinton supporters in the Bernie Sanders’s Mr. Sanders’s supporters the vote , than in The New York    News poll , where he won 10 Bernie Sanders’s My guess is Mr. Sanders’s supporters still fare slightly better the YouGov poll surveys than in the    polls , even if the number Bernie Sanders’s undecided voters was equal . Mrs. Clinton tends to lead by a hair more among decided voters , Mr. Trump removing the " undecided " voters . But it ’s not clear that it ’s a social desirability effect , or that it ’s more accurate . 
 it it 