   lists are stories :   lists tell the truth by lying . The idea that a critic can watch all the television there is today , let alone isolate the 10 best works among wildly different genres , is a fiction . But play along with it , and you tell a larger tale about what mattered that year and why . To whittle this story down to 10 titles required some little cheats . I left out ESPN ’s revelatory documentary " O. J. : Made in America " because this publication reviewed it as a film . " Halt and Catch Fire " is as terrific as when I included it in 2015 I bumped it this year to make room . ( Yet I repeated " The Americans , " " Transparent " and " Rectify . " Life is unfair . ) I did n’t number my list . ( The best show of the year , if you ’re asking , was " Atlanta , " but beyond that the order would have been arbitrary . ) An improved " Better Call Saul " barely missed the cut , as did the best season of " Girls " since its first . There are series I could n’t quite justify putting on my list but were crazy entertaining , like " Stranger Things . " What remains is a sampler of TV as dizzying and agitated as the year we ’ve just lived through . We we in interesting times , and we we get to watch them .   —    JAMES PONIEWOZIK ‘ THE AMERICANS’ ( FX ) The direct heir to " Breaking Bad " may be " Better Call Saul , " but this 1980s spy drama also has a claim to that legacy . It this 1980s spy drama a story of double lives (   Soviet spies ) to create a sense of impending doom , with the added twist that its this 1980s spy drama protagonists are acting out of idealism , however misguided , not greed or bitterness . It this 1980s spy drama a    view of a Cold War chess match that has deep sympathy for the pawns . ‘ ATLANTA’ ( FX ) For a series about people bumping up against limitations   —    a midlevel    star and his    manager   —    Donald Glover ’s comedy was limitless in its Donald Glover’s comedy . Sliding from grit to surrealism , from pawnshops to mansions , " Atlanta " created a diorama of    life in its    city and a testament to the weirdness of existence . ‘ BOJACK HORSEMAN’ ( Netflix ) The third season of this animated comedy follows the title character , a      horse voiced by Will Arnett , on the awards circuit for his Will Arnett biopic , " Secretariat . " That journey , including a     episode set at an underwater film festival , frames a hallucinatory but heartfelt story of one horse ’s search for   . ‘ CRAZY   ’ ( CW ) In a great year for complicated women on TV   —    " Fleabag , " " Lady Dynamite , " " Better Things "   —    this raunchy ,    musical did handsprings down the line between infatuated and insane . The    Rachel Bloom started with a premise of lovestruck obsession , added lyrically gymnastic songs ( " J. A. P. Battle , " " The Math of Love Triangles " ) and dismantled romantic myths while using them romantic myths fuel . ‘ FULL FRONTAL WITH SAMANTHA BEE’   ( TBS ) If we judge political comedy by its political comedy   —    and god help us we we we   —    " Full Frontal " has no place here the " screaming carrot demon " ( to use one of Ms. Bee ’s more printable insults for Donald J. Trump ) won the election anyway . But comedically , " Full Frontal " arrived fully formed and furious , establishing an outrageous voice   —    shocking even within the constraints of    language   —    and an outraged sense of purpose . ‘ HIGH MAINTENANCE’ ( HBO ) Along with " Black Mirror " and " Documentary Now ! " ( both of which nearly made this list ) and Netflix ’s uneven but adventurous " Easy , " this itinerant comedy of a Brooklyn pot dealer and his a Brooklyn pot dealer marked a creative resurgence of anthology TV . A move from the web to premium cable gave " High Maintenance " a production upgrade , but its A move from the web to premium cable curiosity remains pure and uncut . ‘ HORACE AND PETE’ ( louisck . net ) Louis C. K. released his Louis C. K. drama without warning , and it unfolded like a crawl through a dark attic full of musty crates and family secrets . It seemed to exist outside of time , pouring one out for angsty 2016 within the walls of a     dive bar , using    distribution to recall the crackling immediacy of early theatrical television . ‘ THE PEOPLE V. O. J. SIMPSON : AMERICAN CRIME STORY’ ( FX ) With crackling scripts and criminally strong performances , this    made a    story feel new again . Not only did it this    to America ’s ongoing racial tensions , but it this    ended up foreshadowing an election whose result   —    like the Simpson ‘THE PEOPLE V. O. J. SIMPSON: AMERICAN CRIME STORY’ (FX)   —    exposed a country whose two halves saw reality entirely differently . ‘ RECTIFY’ ( Sundance ) Beginning with an   ’s return to his RECTIFY’ (Sundance) , " Rectify " expanded over four seasons into a story of forgotten people   —    in halfway houses , nursing homes ,    stores   —    trying to make peace with the unfairnesses of the past and find faith for the future . Its final RECTIFY’ (Sundance) had two more episodes yet to air when I finalized this list , but I could n’t leave it off this list Miracles must be witnessed . ‘ TRANSPARENT’   ( Amazon ) You could easily label the story of transgender senior citizen Maura Pfefferman ( Jeffrey Tambor ) and her extended family as insular    TV . In fact it ’s a deeply empathetic show that lets every character   —    from fundamentalist Christians to Jewish radical feminists   —    be flawed and complicated . Messy , diffuse and    it ’s like a hippie prayer circle where every congregant gets a turn . Not that long ago , making a list of the best international shows on American television would have been as easy , and pointless , as reprinting the PBS " Masterpiece " schedule . That handful of British imports was essentially the only foreign programming available . But like everything else in TV , that ’s changed . My initial list for this first international Top 10 contained more than 80 shows , and that was a small slice of the foreign series available on TV or streaming services in 2016 . A few notes . Five of the 11 shows on the list are British comedies . That might seem excessive , but it reflects my feeling that some of the best , most imaginative work in the world is being done in that place and genre . ( Also the most energetic . American sitcoms are at a peak , too , but the best ones tend to have a muted , distressed energy   —    the sheer vitality of the Britcoms can be a welcome relief . ) There ’s also an overall    and Eurocentrism to the list . That ’s partly because American programmers still overwhelmingly favor    shows , though streaming services do make a wealth of    series available . So why no Korean or Chinese dramas , for instance ? Because as attractive as some of them are , I still ca n’t reconcile myself to the saccharine and melodramatic formulas that seem to be mandatory in their original them . Finally , five of the 11 entries were first shown in the United States by Netflix . Whether it ’s a matter of taste or of aggressiveness and large acquisition budgets , no one matches Netflix in Netflix breadth and quality of its international it , beginning with my No . 1 show .   —    MIKE HALE 1 . ‘ HAPPY VALLEY’ Britain ( Netflix ) Netflix writer Sally Wainwright started out in soap opera and domestic drama before shifting into crime , and " Happy Valley " is both a tough , sometimes harrowing cop show and a meticulous , emotionally charged portrait of a community . Season 2 picked up the story of a gruff , weary uniformed officer ( the terrific Sarah Lancashire ) and her nemesis Sarah Lancashire James Norton ) and found believably frightening and moving ways to extend it . 2 . ‘ DETECTORISTS’ Britain ( Acorn ) Mackenzie Crook ’s melancholy comedy about the minor triumphs of a pair of friends who share a passion for metal detecting is the most delicate of shows   —    it feels as if it might it away while you ’re watching it . it its second season , Mr. Crook and especially Toby Jones continued their marvelous Mr. Crook and especially Toby Jones as    who , most of the time , mask their frustration Mr. Crook and especially Toby Jones rage in hilariously ineffectual diffidence . 3 . ‘ GOMORRAH’ Italy ( SundanceTV ) The first season of this series , a traditional Mafia saga set in    Naples , was an addictive blend of speed , tension , desolate atmosphere and stark violence . While it raided an addictive blend of speed, tension, desolate atmosphere and stark violence histories of both Italian and American film and gangster mythology for its look an addictive blend of speed, tension, desolate atmosphere and stark violence style , it felt an addictive blend of speed, tension, desolate atmosphere and stark violence European , with an operatic realism unlike anything on American TV . 4 . ‘ CHEWING GUM’ Britain ( Netflix ) The playwright and actress Michaela Coel created and starred in this raucous , filthy , wildly inventive comedy about a young woman in the London projects whose sexual curiosity is in dire conflict with her Pentecostal whose sexual curiosity . Ms. Coel actress Michaela Coel as a nerdy wallflower bursting out of repression is matched by those of Susan Wokoma as her angrily devout actress Michaela Coel and John Macmillan as her supercilious and Susan Wokoma asexual boyfriend . 5 . ‘ CASE’ Iceland ( Netflix ) This smart and    example of Nordic noir   —    a reboot of an earlier Icelandic series , " Rettur "   —    begins with the apparent suicide of a young dancer . Then it slowly expands This smart and   example of Nordic noir  —   a reboot of an earlier Icelandic series, "Rettur"  —    a repellent panorama of exploitation , in which young women are taken advantage of by parents ( foster and biological ) pimps , lawyers , youth counselors , hackers , classmates , ballet teachers , fellow dancers and just about anyone else you can think of . Magnus Jonsson and Steinunn Olina Thorsteinsdottir , as an alcoholic lawyer and a dour detective , make an art of moody inexpressiveness . 6 . ‘ FLEABAG’ AND ‘ CRASHING’ Britain ( Amazon , Netflix ) Phoebe    created , wrote and starred in both of these      comedies this year , an impressive achievement . " Fleabag , " about a    often nasty but    young woman negotiating sex , love and family bonds , is the darker and more inventive of the two . " Crashing , " about the    lives of a group of squatters in an abandoned hospital , is a more conventional sitcom . But both are sharp , funny and furiously up to date . 7 . ‘ MY HERO ACADEMIA’ Japan ( Funimation ) In the    category of Japanese anime , this shrewdly written and dynamically drawn series posits a world in which 80 percent of humanity has developed some sort of special powers ( not all of them super , and not all used for good ) . But it focuses on a fanboy who obsessively follows the new costumed heroes while having no abilities of his own   —    a perfect    for the anime and manga audience . 8 . ‘ GLITCH’ Australia ( Netflix ) Dead people begin to claw out of their graves in Dead people rural Australian town in this series that recalls the French show " The Returned , " but without the      veneer . It ’s a the French show "The Returned , straightforward paranormal mystery that left plenty of unanswered questions for its second season the French show "The Returned already announced as a Netflix coproduction ) . 9 . ‘ IN THE LINE OF DUTY’ Britain Britain (Netflix) ) Season 3 of this cop drama about an    unit ( the equivalent of an American    squad ) in the West Midlands may have been slightly below the level of the taut ,    previous seasons . But it ’s still the    current analogue for the unadorned procedural pleasures of the early " Law   Order . " 10 . ‘ CATASTROPHE’ Britain ( Amazon ) Sharon Horgan and Rob Delaney took their dark comedy of Sharon Horgan and Rob Delaney ,      romance into new territory in a second season focused on the inevitable strains of parenthood . The writing was n’t as seamless this time around   —    there were times when it felt as if The writing two were trying out    routines on each other   —    but the best bits were still corrosively funny . Who has benefited most from the explosion of television offerings in the last decade or so ? I would argue that it has been people whose tastes in humor run toward the bizarre , the scathing and the incongruous . Television had long decades when " out there " meant " My Mother the Car " or " Rowan   Martin ’s   . " Eventually shows like " The Simpsons " began pushing matters of taste , and now , with entire channels and streaming services devoted to outlandish comedy , there are shows unpredictable enough , scalding enough or ribald enough for almost any skewed funny bone . Of the new ones that turned up in 2016 , here are my favorite 10 .   —    NEIL GENZLINGER 1 . ‘ BAJILLION DOLLAR PROPERTIE$’ ( Seeso ) This is n’t the most demented show on this list this list it ’s among the sharpest This A workplace comedy in the style of " The Office , " filmed with    flourishes , it ’s about a Los This real estate company that deals in    properties . How the    stays in business a Los Angeles real estate company that deals in   properties mystery , since the staff is full of misfits preoccupied with personal problems and infighting . The core ensemble clicks beautifully , and    guest stars in ridiculous roles complete the package . 2 . ‘ STAN AGAINST EVIL’ ( IFC ) The tiny New England town of Willard ’s Mill put scores of witches to death centuries ago , and since then its constables and sheriffs have had Mill short life spans . The wonderful John C. McGinley plays the only sheriff to have made it to retirement Janet Varney portrays the new one . They reluctantly team to battle the its constables and sheriffs ’s lingering demons . The tiny New England town of Willard a gruesome , deadpan delight it 3 . ‘ DEBATE WARS’ ( Seeso ) There ’s a reason that Seeso , the comedy streaming service , is on this list more this list any other outlet : It takes more chances . Who would have thought that a simple series in which comics take on topics like " Cats vs. Dogs " in high school debate style could be so funny ? Not many shows make me laugh out loud . This one had me on the floor . the new one introduced amid the presidential campaign it has the new one its topical aura since , which the new one the only the new one it ’s not my No . 1 . 4 the new one ‘ DREAM CORP LLC’ ( Adult Swim ) A    company employs some decidedly unorthodox treatments in this daffy series , a mix the   category of Japanese anime, this shrewdly written and dynamically drawn series the lead doctor ( Jon Gries ) inserts himself into their dreams , not always to beneficial effect . A sassy robot voiced by Stephen Merchant adds the lead doctor (Jon Gries) the patients . 5 . ‘ LEGENDS OF CHAMBERLAIN HEIGHTS’ ( Comedy Central ) The great television tradition of having animated characters voice thoughts that a human actor never could is furthered by this cheeky show about three vulgar freshmen , bench warmers on the basketball team , who are trying to establish themselves at their high school . Fat jokes , racial jokes and sex jokes abound the series requires a The great television tradition of having animated characters voice thoughts that a human actor never could is furthered by this cheeky show about three vulgar freshmen, bench warmers on the basketball team, who are trying to establish themselves at their high school tolerance The great television tradition of having animated characters voice thoughts that a human actor never could is furthered by this cheeky show about three vulgar freshmen, bench warmers on the basketball team, who are trying to establish themselves at their high school raunchiness . But the reward is that it makes points bluntly that other shows can only dance around . 6 . ‘ FLOWERS’   ( Seeso ) This comic drama , which turned up on Seeso in May , is almost indescribably off kilter and anchored by a terrific performance by Olivia Coleman . The matriarch of the titular Flowers family , she teaches music and balances on the edge of sanity . Her husband writes children ’s books that a The matriarch of the titular Flowers family Dr. Seuss might have produced . Their     twins , The matriarch of the titular Flowers family and Amy , still live at home , and both have romantic designs on children’s female neighbor next door . It ’s the kind of domestic tableau you Their    twins, Donald and Amy encounter in " The Twilight Zone , " funny , unsettling and enthralling . 7 . ‘ BRAINDEAD’ ( CBS ) Not many network comedies are going to turn up on a list like this , but the summer series " BrainDead " was one of the oddest shows of the year . A bug infested Washington : not the flu , but an actual bug that crawled into people ’s ears , took over their brains and turned them into    automatons . The thing was , inside the Beltway it was hard people’s tell the infected people’s and staff members from the regular ones . The show was The thing cast   —    Aaron Tveit , Nikki M. James , Danny Pino , Mary this cheeky show , Jan Maxwell , Tony Shalhoub   —    and everyone embraced the zaniness . Alas , they will not assemble for an encore the show was n’t renewed . 8 . ‘ MR . NEIGHBOR ’S Aaron Tveit, Nikki M. James, Danny Pino, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Jan Maxwell, Tony Shalhoub  —   and everyone ( Adult Swim ) This was this cheeky show special , but it was a small masterpiece of unsettling ideas and imagery . It was a parody of " Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood , This joining Mr. Neighbor ( Brian Huskey ) on his kiddie This show as he prepared to celebrate his " 31st annual fifth birthday party . " It soon became Mr. Neighbor (Brian Huskey) a gentleman with an Mr. Neighbor (Brian Huskey) case of    Mr. Neighbor (Brian Huskey) 9 . ‘ WRECKED’ ( TBS ) This he prepared to celebrate his "31st annual fifth birthday party series , a humorous version of " Lost , " has n’t received much attention , but it ’s a    show with a sly sense of incongruity . A plane crashes on an island the survivors try to , well he prepared to celebrate his "31st annual fifth birthday party survive . Among the major issues they face : where to go to the bathroom and what movie to watch with the last bit of DVD battery . It ’s broad , sometimes gross comedy , delivered with verve . 10 . ‘ VICE PRINCIPALS’ ( HBO ) To like this series he prepared to celebrate his "31st annual fifth birthday party you need to be able to tolerate two very unlikable lead characters . They are vice principals played by Danny R. McBride and the great Walton Goggins , enemies who band together to take on their new two very unlikable lead characters . The humor is often crass , and the lead characters have exceedingly foul mouths , but over all the series two very unlikable lead characters an amusingly caustic variation on both the teenage comedy and the bromance genre . More highlights from the year , as chosen by our critics : Movies , Pop Albums , Pop Songs , Classical Music , Dance , Theater , the year Podcasts and Performances 
 