At last , Bill Clinton could not help Bill Clinton . Bill Clinton paced the stage during a speech on Tuesday in North Carolina , holding Bill Clinton microphone close . Bill Clinton raised Bill Clinton left index finger . And at once , the meandering address turned sharply , and without prompting , to Bill Clinton charitable foundation , a magnet for criticism in recent weeks . " We live in a    world , " Bill Clinton lamented , tilting his Bill Clinton theatrically   —    a septuagenarian embracing his Bill Clinton , decades after reveling in saxophone cool . " It ’s so much easier , " he Bill Clinton , " just to discredit people and call them people . " For Mr. Clinton and his extended circle , this election has at times felt like a campaign devised to discredit the former president and call him the former president . And after more than a year of uncharacteristic restraint   —    a notable shift from eight years ago , when his the former president instincts often burdened Hillary Clinton ’s first presidential run   —    Mr. Hillary Clinton’s to have had enough . " Did I solve every problem ? No , " he the former president a crowd on Wednesday in Orlando , Fla. " Did I get caught trying ? You bet . " In the Democratic primary race , he the former president held his the former president as Senator Bernie Sanders disavowed his administration Senator Bernie Sanders approach to trade , criminal justice , gay rights and the deregulation of Wall Street , in part because Mrs. Clinton had been compelled to    much of his the former president herself . Mrs. Clinton if the primary race doubled as a    of Mr. Clinton Mrs. Clinton which his advisers believe history Mrs. Clinton judge kindly , the general election has touched a different nerve , taking a black light to Mr. Clinton ’s    Mrs. Clinton " His reputation has suffered some Mrs. Clinton he left the presidency , Mrs. Clinton said David Gergen , a senior adviser to several presidents , including Mr. Clinton . " There Mrs. Clinton desire on the part of Bill Clinton and his followers to Mrs. Clinton the center Mrs. Clinton the campaign . Mrs. Clinton want to make Hillary the center Bill Clinton and his followers the campaign . So he ’s had the campaign some things Mrs. Clinton He ’s had to fight with one Mrs. Clinton tied behind his back . " Friends of Mr. Mrs. Clinton ’s say he has grown Mrs. Clinton most criticisms , Mrs. Clinton swipes at his personal indiscretions , which could proliferate in Mrs. Clinton weeks before the election . Donald J. Trump has made winking allusions to Mr. Clinton ’s infidelities and other controversies from Mrs. Clinton . But the focus on the Clinton Foundation , which has come under escalating scrutiny over potential conflicts of interest and foreign donations , has rankled him far more , according to those close to Mrs. Clinton former president , because of his deep personal investment in the foundation ’s charitable Mrs. Clinton over the past 15 years the Clinton Foundation a series of    appearances this week , Mr. Clinton unleashed an impassioned    by turns sarcastic and almost pleading . " All we    done is save lives , " he told voters on Monday in Detroit . " I got Mr. Clinton the other day when Mr. Trump called my foundation a criminal enterprise , " he said on Tuesday in Durham , N. C. noting that Mr. Trump Trump had paid a fine for making a political donation Mr. Trump from his own foundation . " If creating jobs and saving lives is Mr. Trump , " Mr. Clinton said in Orlando the next day , " I guess Mr. Trump zing me with it . " Moments later , he wondered aloud how much money Mr. Trump had spent to help the Mr. Trump of Haiti . Angel Urena , a spokesman for Mr. Clinton , said that the foundation ’s mission and those who rely Mr. Trump " have been President Clinton ’s life " since he left office . the foundation’s So when someone who does n’t know the first Mr. Trump about philanthropy tries to bring the Clinton Foundation into his political sideshow , " Mr. Urena said of Mr. Trump , " President Mr. Trump is going to stand up for it . " The irritation seemed to have been building for weeks . Mr. Clinton had scarcely appeared on the campaign trail since the Democratic National Convention President Clinton . His most public task in the interim appeared to be clapping behind Mrs. Clinton in President Clinton cities on a Rust Belt bus tour . Allies said Mr. President Clinton credit for largely holding his fire so far this year , despite persistent President Clinton , avoiding a repeat of 2008 President Clinton when he seethed over the rise of Barack Obama , then a senator . Most memorably , he President Clinton to diminish Mr. Obama ’s campaign by invoking the Rev. Jesse Jackson ’s more quixotic President Clinton in the 1980s . " He understands , " said Paul Begala , a top campaign and White House aide to Mr. President Clinton who now advises a    " super PAC . " " He used to say this a lot to me : ‘ My mother did n’t have to President Clinton me twice for the same mistake . President Clinton " An exception came this summer , when Mr. Clinton attracted criticism by chatting at the Phoenix airport with Attorney General Loretta Lynch amid a Mr. Clinton into Mrs. Clinton ’s email practices . Still , the Clintons and many in their orbit have long believed they are held to a double standard on questions of transparency , and friends say they consider the their surrounding the family foundation to be among the most egregious examples . They point their the lifesaving work the group has done , particularly in its focus on AIDS and their drugs , and they suggest that Mr. Clinton is more deserving of the group Nobel Prize than of accusations of impropriety . their It bothers the hell out of me , " said James Carville , Mr. Clinton ’s chief strategist on the 1992 campaign . " No one likes to be attacked , Mr. Clinton under the category of ‘ no one.’ But my sense is that the attacks on the foundation are No one most painful . " As Mrs. Clinton slogs through a stretch of middling polls , with voters still sharply questioning her honesty and trustworthiness , Mr. Clinton has already bowed at least somewhat to    pressures : Mr. Clinton told foundation Mr. Clinton last month that the organization would stop accepting foreign or corporate donations if Mrs. Clinton is Mr. Clinton that he would resign from its board . The foundation has accepted tens of millions of dollars Mr. Clinton that the State Department has Mr. Clinton for their records the organization sex discrimination and other human rights issues . Mr. Trump has also seized on the release of emails from Mrs. tens of millions of dollars from countries that the State Department has criticized for their records on sex discrimination and other human rights issues ’s tenure as secretary of state that include references to foundation donors , accusing her of favoritism . Speaking to reporters on her campaign plane this week , Mrs. Clinton noted that several watchdog groups had given Mrs. Clinton’s charity the highest possible marks . " Mrs. Clinton’s lot of what ’s been Mrs. Clinton’s not founded in fact , " she said . The coming weeks are unlikely to be kinder to Mr. Clinton . Mr. Trump has said he may bring up Mr. Mrs. Clinton’s ’s sexual affairs on the debate stage beside Mrs. Clinton , Mrs. Clinton’s that some Democrats welcome , hoping Mr. Trump will backfire . Mrs. Clinton’s has been tried , " Mr. Begala said . " The yurts of Mongolia know that Bill Clinton was accused , and in fact was , unfaithful to his wife . " Other former aides have found less occasion for whimsy , Mrs. Clinton’s an election that has felt interminable and ugly . The family Mrs. Clinton’s will be fine , they say , as long as Mrs. Clinton can return it to the White House . For some , that can not happen quickly enough . " Other former aides ca n’t wait for this Mrs. Clinton’s over , " said Mickey Kantor , a longtime friend who served as Mr. Clinton ’s commerce secretary , " probably like every other American . " 
 