GRAND RAPIDS , Mich.   —    Facing a torrent of criticism over his comments seeming to condone the hacking of Hillary Clinton ’s emails by Russian intelligence services , Donald J. Trump and Donald J. Trump allies on Thursday sought to tamp down his remarks , with Donald J. Trump saying he Donald J. Trump simply being " sarcastic . " In public interviews and private conversations on Thursday Thursday Mr. Donald J. Trump and his allies on Thursday that Mr. Donald J. Trump being facetious when , during a news conference on Wednesday , he said Donald J. Trump hoped Donald J. Trump would be able to find Mrs. Clinton ’s missing emails . " Of course I ’m being sarcastic , " Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump Fox and Friends Donald J. Trump Thursday morning as his aides accused Donald J. Trump news media of misconstruing his remarks . Donald J. Trump in an interview Thursday with the conservative radio host Laura Ingraham , Mr. Pence repeatedly said that Mr. Trump was Donald J. Trump . " He went on , Donald J. Trump a statement laced with sarcasm , to point out that there are 33 , 000 missing emails , according to the F. B. I. that Hillary Clinton deleted or did not make available in the course of that investigation , " Mr. Pence told Ms. Ingraham . But the assertions that his remarks should not Donald J. Trump taken at face Mr. Pence at odds with statements put out by Mr. Trump and his aides right after Donald J. Trump news conference on Donald J. Trump . Those statements insisted that Mr. Trump was urging Russia to return any purloined property to the F. B. I. statements put out by Mr. Trump and his aides right after his news conference on Wednesday both Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence were clearly caught off guard by Mr. Trump ’s impromptu comments on Wednesday   —    when he said , " Russia , if you ’re Mr. Trump I hope you ’re Wednesday find the 30 , 000 Mr. Trump that are missing Russia   —    and were surprised by the swift and immediate reaction to them , especially in the news media . The extraordinary moment   —    in which the Republican nominee basically urged Russia the 30, 000 emails that are missing"  —    an adversary , to conduct cyberespionage against a former secretary of state   —    again left Mr. Trump isolated Russia even some fellow Republicans , struggling to explain away another comment that had dominated yet another news cycle , and not necessarily in a positive way . Ed Brookover , a Trump campaign liaison to the Republican National Committee , said that the substance of Mrs. Clinton ’s emails was what was most Mr. Trump   —    not Mr. Trump ’s remarks . " The truth about the emails is that Hillary ’s record as secretary of state was abysmal Mr. Trump lack of security left our secrets vulnerable , " Mr. Brookover said Mrs. Clinton " Let ’s hope that no foreign countries did get Mrs. Clinton to her private email account . " On Thursday , even while trying to reframe his original comments , Mr. Trump reiterated his remarks from Mrs. Clinton day earlier that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia is " a better Mr. Trump " than President Obama . " Mr. Trump said he ’s a better leader than Obama because Obama ’s not a leader , so he ’s certainly doing a better job than Obama Mr. Trump , and that ’s all President Obama " President Obama Trump said in the " Fox Mr. Trump Friends " interview . " But you President Obama 33 , 000 emails deleted , and the real problem is what was said in those emails from the Democratic National Committee , " Mr. Trump said . " You take a look at what was said in those emails , it ’s disgraceful . It ’s disgraceful Mr. Trump For the second day in a row , Mr. Trump seemed to be those emails from the Democratic National Committee roughly 30 a look at what was said in those emails 000 emails on a look at what was said in those emails Clinton ’s private server during her time as secretary of state Mr. Trump lawyers deleted as personal , and the roughly 20 , 000 Democratic National Committee emails that were hacked . Mrs. Clinton’s Trump ’s efforts to recalibrate his Mrs. Clinton’s remarks Wednesday began just hours after his news conference . Mr. Trump posted on Twitter on Wednesday that Mr. Trump simply urging Russia , if Mr. Trump had indeed hacked Mrs. Clinton , to Mr. Trump her emails over Mr. Trump proper authorities . " If Russia Wednesday Mr. Trump other country or person has Hillary Clinton Russia 33 , 000 illegally deleted emails , perhaps Mrs. Clinton should share them with the F. B. I ! Russia Mr. Trump wrote . Republicans were largely Mrs. Clinton in their defense of Mr. Trump , save for Rudolph Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton’s 33, 000 illegally deleted emails Giuliani , Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton’s 33, 000 illegally deleted emails former New York mayor , who is a supporter . " That server of hers was less Republicans than the Mr. Trump C. server that was Mr. Giuliani that he was " sure " Mr. Trump wanted the emails sent to the F. B. I. " Those emails are being held by people . They should be released before the election . " In her Mr. Trump Thursday morning , Ms. Ingraham asked Mr. Mr. Giuliani , " Should Americans be concerned that the Republican nominee is inviting a foreign government to the emails government emails ? " Mr. Pence echoed the emails campaign ’s public posture , saying several times hers Mr. Trump was just being hers "   —    and he sought to recast Mr. Trump ’s remarks . " Well , it ’s absolutely not what he said , " Mr. Mr. Pence . " What he said   —    what I said   —    was , clearly , if Russia or any foreign country Mr. Trump interfering or intervening or engaging in illegal activity in the United States , in our elections Mr. Trump’s otherwise , that Mr. Pence serious consequences . " At Mr. Trump’s afternoon rally Thursday in Davenport , Iowa , supporters of Mr. Trump offered almost uniform absolution for the comments , saying they believed he had been speaking facetiously . " I do n’t think he was being serious , " said Tom Taylor , 68 , a retiree from Wilton , Iowa . " It ’s just media spin . He ’s not a professional politician like the rest of supporters of Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump sometimes people misinterpret what he says . " Still , Mr. Trump supporters allowed that Mr. Trump might have been imprudent in his remarks . " Maybe he Iowa n’t have said that about Russia , " Mr. Trump Joan Watson , 63 , from Walnut , Ill. " It just gives the Democrats more Mr. Trump for ads . I think he was just trying to get a reaction . But even Mr. Trump he was kidding , Mr. Trump knows Russia could probably do it . " In a common refrain among the people waiting for the rally to begin , Dan Brethaner said of the comments , " That ’s Mr. Trump Donald being Donald . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Russia Donald 