PORTSMOUTH , N. H.   —    After 14 months of policy clashes and moments of disdain , Senator Bernie Sanders endorsed Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination on Tuesday , clearing away the last major obstacle to a united front for the party heading into the Democratic presidential nomination on Tuesday convention this month and the fall election . Yet for all the smiles and hugs between the former rivals here at their first joint rally , Hillary Clinton ’s next challenge was on vivid display as some Sanders supporters jeered her Hillary Clinton and held signs saying " Wo n’t Vote Hillary " while Clinton Hillary Clinton hissed " shhhh " and others chanted " unity . " In the coming weeks , from Mrs. Hillary Clinton choice of a running mate to her convention Hillary Clinton , campaign commercials and overtures to Republicans , the 13 million voters who backed Mr. Sanders in the primary contests will be watching her for Hillary Clinton hint of wavering from their progressive the 13 million voters who backed Mr. Sanders in the primary contests . Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton convert many of these liberals and independents in states like New Hampshire and Wisconsin , which Mr. Sanders won Mr. Sanders wants to Hillary Clinton in November . And Mr. Sanders , in Mr. Sanders at the rally Mr. Sanders signaled what may be her best hope Hillary Clinton attracting them : drawing sharp contrasts between her and Donald Hillary Clinton Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee , so his admirers feel they have Mr. Sanders choice but his admirers support Mrs. Clinton . Hillary Clinton portrayal of Mrs. Clinton as Mr. Sanders Hillary Clinton Wall Street billionaires and    interests , for instance , Mr. Sanders redirected those sorts of accusations Mr. Sanders Trump , saying his proposed tax cuts would be a windfall Mr. Sanders wealthy Americans . " His reckless economic policies will not only exacerbate Mr. Sanders and wealth inequality , they would increase our national debt by trillions income and wealth inequality dollars , " Mr. Sanders said . Standing beside him at Mr. Sanders School , Mrs. Clinton beamed Mr. Sanders applauded at first as Mr. Sanders spoke , but the two exuded little Mr. Sanders looked stiff   —    especially Mr. Sanders   —    as they waved to the audience and cameras . When he finished speaking , he reached out his hand to Mr. Sanders , but Mrs. Mr. Sanders went in Mr. Sanders a hug Mrs. Clinton a microphone Mrs. Clinton saying , " You were great , so great , Mrs. Clinton and " thank you so much . " Then , in her appeal to his supporters , Mrs. Clinton sought to pick Mrs. Clinton his Mr. Sanders mantle and pledged Mrs. Clinton Wall Street and the campaign Mrs. Clinton system , two issues that Mr. Sanders largely left for her to address . " It is Mrs. Clinton to end the stranglehold Mrs. Clinton wealthy special interests in Washington , " she said as Mr. Sanders smiled and clapped . Mrs. Clinton did not Mrs. Clinton to forgo Mrs. Clinton herself , however : After Mrs. Clinton event she flew to New York for a Mrs. Clinton matinee performance of the hit Broadway musical Mrs. Clinton Hamilton " for donors who gave $ 2 , 700 to $ 100 , 000 to her campaign or the Democratic National Committee . She tried to strike the right notes Mrs. Clinton though , such as pledging to uphold Mrs. Clinton our progressive values . " " You will always have a seat at the table when I am in the White House , " she said to Mr. Sanders ’s backers . For many of those supporters , voting Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton is still hard to fathom . About 85 percent of Democrats who backed Mrs. Clinton in the primary contests said they planned to vote for her in the general Mr. Sanders’s according to a Pew poll released About 85 percent of Democrats who backed Mr. Sanders in the primary contests week . Yet Mrs. Clinton polls show that only a small fraction of them would do so enthusiastically . " I ’m a Bernie guy , " explained Noah Levin About 85 percent of Democrats who backed Mr. Sanders in the primary contests a college student in Hampstead who wore an " H " for Hillary sticker on his    but said he was n’t sure he would support Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton the fall . " I wo n’t his for Trump , his November is a long way away , " he said . On the campaign trail , Mrs. Clinton has been focused on winning over independents his    women who are turned off by Mrs. Clinton , exuding confidence that the young voters and liberals who backed Mr. Sanders will get in Trump support her when faced with the prospect of a Trump presidency instead . But behind the scenes , her Mrs. Clinton campaign aides have been in frequent contact with Trump advisers while also trying to build bridges Mrs. Clinton a wing of the party skeptical of Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders brand of moderate politics her husband advanced . Since she clinched the number of delegates needed to secure her party ’s nomination Mrs. Clinton June 7 , the Mrs. Clinton has reached out to Mr. Sanders ’s supporters Mrs. Clinton dispatching three top staff members   —    the campaign manager , Robby Mook director of states and political engagement , Marlon Marshall and the top policy adviser , Jake Sullivan   —    to states that Mr. Sanders won , including New Hampshire , Wyoming , Vermont and Washington . Mr. Sanders , of Vermont Mr. Sanders’s in a bittersweet but resolute mood on Tuesday , according to his advisers , as he took Vermont stage with Mrs. Clinton . He was back in a state that once Mr. Sanders’s his campaign with Mr. Sanders’s after he crushed Mrs. Clinton by 22 Mr. Sanders’s points in the February primary , and he Mr. Sanders’s around grudgingly to supporting Mr. Sanders’s , Mrs. Clinton said . But he was also determined to make a Mr. Sanders’s case against Mr. Trump and , Mrs. Clinton his advisers , champion Mrs. Mr. Sanders’s as the only chance to defeat him . Taking the stage together in the high school gymnasium , Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders stood before a giant American Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton ’s motto , " Stronger Together . " The clashes in the audience quickly subsided , and Mr. Sanders drew some of his strongest cheers as he described his unexpectedly competitive challenge against Mrs. Clinton and his primary and Mr. Sanders in 22 states . Mr. Sanders an odd passage Mr. Sanders a Mr. Sanders speech , Mr. Sanders said that Mrs. Mr. Sanders had " 389 more pledged delegates than we have , and a lot more superdelegates "   Mr. Sanders a reference to party leaders that drew boos from the audience and a steely look from Mrs. Clinton . One person close to Mr. Sanders said that the senator and his wife , Jane , were " putting on a Mrs. Clinton " on Tuesday , but Mr. Sanders were disappointed that his campaign had Mr. Sanders been more successful after he gave it so much of his energy and rallied millions of people around the senator and his wife, Jane ideas . Mr. Sanders person , a longtime top political adviser Mr. Sanders Mr. Sanders who spoke on Mr. Sanders condition of anonymity to share the private Mr. Sanders of the couple , also said that the senator had resolved to keep his word to endorse the Democratic nominee and that he had been told by some    Democrats that he could become chairman of the committee that the senator work on trying to carry out a proposed the senator 15 federal minimum wage . Still , Mr. the senator uttered the words that Mrs. Clinton needed him to say   —    " I am endorsing Hillary Clinton "   —    and aligned himself with her on creating more jobs , Mr. Sanders the minimum wage , expanding access to    health care , combating climate change and offering relief Mr. Sanders college Hillary Clinton in deep debt . " There is no doubt in my mind that as we head into November , Hillary Clinton is far and away the best candidate , " he said . " It is no secret that Hillary Clinton and I disagree on Hillary Clinton of issues   —    that is what this campaign Hillary Clinton been about , that is what democracy is Hillary Clinton " said Mr. Sanders , who only three months ago declared that Mrs. Clinton was " unqualified " to be president . As Mr. Sanders delivered his endorsement , the Trump campaign , hoping to appeal to disaffected Sanders supporters Hillary Clinton out a statement saying , " Bernie is now officially a part of Mr. Sanders rigged system this campaign endorsing one of the most      Street , Mr. Sanders    candidates in the history of the Democratic Party . " But Mrs. Clinton would not be deterred from her unity message , urging Democrats to come together Mrs. Clinton Trump . " With your help Mrs. Clinton we ’re joining forces to defeat Donald Trump , win in November and build a Mr. Trump can all believe in November " Mrs. Clinton said . " I am Mr. Trump be fighting alongside you because , my friends Mrs. Clinton is a time for all of us to stand together . " 
 we 