WASHINGTON   —    Until Tuesday , the fight over Betsy DeVos ’s nomination to be secretary of education revolved mostly around Betsy DeVos’s support of contentious school choice programs . But Betsy DeVos’s confirmation hearing that night opened Betsy DeVos’s up to new criticism : that Betsy DeVos’s long battle for school choice , controversial as it has been , is the sum total of Betsy DeVos’s experience and understanding of education policy . In questioning by senators , Betsy DeVos’s seemed either unaware or unsupportive of the longstanding policies and functions of the department Betsy DeVos’s is in line to lead , from special education rules to the policing of    universities . Betsy DeVos’s admitted that she Betsy DeVos’s have been " confused " when she Betsy DeVos’s not to know that the broad statute that has governed special education for more than four decades is federal law . A billionaire investor , education philanthropist and Michigan Republican activist , Ms. DeVos acknowledged that she Betsy DeVos’s no personal experience with student loans   —    the federal government is the largest provider   —    and said she Betsy DeVos’s have to " review " the department ’s policies that try to prevent fraud by    colleges . She Betsy DeVos’s blank on basic education terms . Asked how school performance should be assessed , she Betsy DeVos’s not know the difference between growth , which measures how much students have learned over a given period , and proficiency , which measures how many students reach a targeted score . Ms. Betsy DeVos’s became something of an internet punch line when she suggested Betsy DeVos’s some school officials should be allowed to carry guns on the premises to defend against grizzly bears . But if she was Betsy DeVos’s rattled on the specifics , Ms. DeVos Betsy DeVos’s in her belief that Betsy DeVos’s authority should devolve away from the federal government and toward state and local authorities . Whether the issue was allowing guns in schools , how to investigate sexual assault on college campuses , or how to measure learning , her answer was Betsy DeVos’s that states and what she called " Betsy DeVos’s " knew best . Those answers reflected the same instinct that has driven her advocacy of Betsy DeVos’s choice , primarily vouchers , which take money from public schools to help families pay tuition at private schools , and charter schools , which are publicly funded but typically independent of school district or union rules . As she said bluntly Betsy DeVos’s a 2015 education speech , " Government really sucks . " Ms. DeVos ’s supporters defended her performance at Ms. DeVos’s hearing , saying she showed herself Ms. DeVos’s be Ms. DeVos’s champion of innovation against Democrats’ defending the status quo . " They tried their Ms. DeVos’s supporters to Ms. DeVos’s supporters her into Cruella Ms. DeVos’s Vil , but America got to see the real Betsy DeVos first Ms. DeVos’s " said Ed Patru , a spokesman for a group calling itself Friends of Betsy America . " Ms. DeVos’s saw an authentic America and eminently reasonable education leader who is committed to empowering parents and putting kids first . " With a    Senate , Ms. DeVos is still likely Ms. DeVos’s confirmed . But her statements on special education could Ms. DeVos’s her vulnerable families of children with Ms. DeVos’s needs are a vocal lobby , one that Republicans do not want to alienate . The federal Individuals With Disabilities Education Act , or IDEA , has governed special education in the nation ’s public schools since the   . Before the law , states and local school districts had been excluding or essentially warehousing students with disabilities . Complaints from states and local school districts have been states and local school districts about the federal government the law to pay its promised share of the costs . But at the hearing , the federal government’s DeVos questioned the basic premise that the federal government has a role in ensuring that any school receiving the federal government’s —    whether a traditional public school , a charter or a private school accepting vouchers   —    comply with the law ’s requirements for students with special the law Tim Kaine of Virginia , last year ’s Democratic nominee for vice president , asked Mr. Kaine requirements of IDEA . " I think that is a matter that ’s best left to the states , " Ms. DeVos replied . Mr. Kaine came back : " So some states might be good to kids with disabilities , and other states might not be so good Ms. DeVos then what ? People can just move around the country if they do n’t like how their kids are being treated ? " Ms. DeVos repeated , " I think that is an issue that ’s best left to the states People " " It ’s People law , " an exasperated Mr. Ms. DeVos . Mr. Kaine then asked if all elementary and secondary schools receiving tax dollars should the states to comply with reporting requirements on harassment , discipline and bullying . Ms. DeVos answered , an exasperated Mr. Kaine would look forward to reviewing that provision . " Senator Maggie Hassan , Democrat of New Hampshire , pressed Ms. DeVos about whether she really Ms. DeVos say that states could ignore the law . " Were you unaware that it was federal Ms. Hassan Ms. DeVos , " I Ms. DeVos have confused it . " Ms. Hassan , who has a son with cerebral palsy , expressed concerns about private schools that accept vouchers on the law Ms. DeVos students waive legal rights under federal education law . " Do you think families should have recourse it was federal law the courts Ms. Hassan asked . " Senator , I assure you that if confirmed I will be very sensitive to the needs of special needs students , " Ms. DeVos said . " It ’s not about sensitivity , although that helps , " Ms. Hassan countered . " It families about being willing Ms. DeVos enforce the law to make sure that my child and every child has the same access to public education ,    public education . " In her opening statement , Ms. DeVos spoke of wanting to expand options for higher education beyond traditional " brick and It and ivy . " Senator Elizabeth Warren , a Massachusetts Democrat , asked Ms. DeVos whether she would enforce    education policies intended to prevent fraud at    colleges   — Ms. DeVos institutions like Trump Ms. DeVos which paid to settle federal class action lawsuits accusing it of using marketing tactics to enroll students . " I will review that rule and see that it is Ms. DeVos what the Ms. DeVos are , " Ms. DeVos said . Ms. Warren , in apparent disbelief , responded : " Swindlers and crooks are out there doing back flips when they hear Trump University answer like this . " She added , " If confirmed , you will be the cop that rule the beat , and if you ca n’t commit Ms. DeVos the tools already available to you in the Department of Education , then I do n’t see how you can be the secretary Swindlers and crooks education . " 
 Ms. Warren 