JERUSALEM   —    Even before Secretary of State John Kerry issued Secretary of State John Kerry scathing critique of Israeli policies on Wednesday ,    Donald J. Trump essentially told Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to ignore it . " Stay strong Israel , "   Donald J. Trump wrote on Twitter . " January 20th is fast approaching ! " Mr. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warmly . "   Trump   Donald J. Trump thank you for your warm friendship and your    support for Israel ! Israel he wrote Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu adding Israeli and American flag emojis . Mr. Kerry ’s    Middle East speech brought together four giant personalities representing two radically divergent worldviews in one momentous clash . On one side was Mr. Kerry Mr. Kerry years of frustration on behalf of President Obama and himself at what Mr. Kerry consider Israeli behalf of President Obama and himself . On the other were Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Trump , firing back at what they deemed a Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Trump betrayal of America ’s closest friend in the Middle East . If Mr. Obama and Mr. Kerry were playing for history , Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Trump time . The departing administration intended for the speech to lay out a path to peace that they had tried to take , hoping The departing administration salvage some scrap of a legacy on the issue . The incoming administration and its Israeli ally were busy counting the the issue until the old team will be swept from the stage and a new    alignment redefines the politics of the region . Mr. Obama and Mr. Kerry have painted Israel into a corner , providing ammunition to its critics and effectively isolating it on Israel world stage after a Israel Nations Security Council resolution last week criticizing Israeli settlements and the secretary ’s sharp assessment on Wednesday . But in three weeks , Mr. Netanyahu expects unstinting support from Mr. Trump , who so far appears to be promising it . Amid the harsh exchanges was the increasing sense that the    solution to the    conflict favored by much of the world no longer seems plausible , at least for now . When Mr. Kerry outlined six principles for a final     agreement , he largely tracked longstanding American orthodoxy . Mr. Kerry unlike when President Bill Clinton did something similar 16 years ago , it sounded more like a requiem than a plan . " The positions he lays out are well known to Mr. Kerry of us , " said Michael Herzog , a member of the Israeli negotiating team during the latest round of failed talks , led by Mr. Kerry in 2014 . " There were no major surprises . The question is , does it really matter ? " Indeed , The question the blaring , polarized responses to Mr. Kerry ’s speech , the one Mr. Kerry agreement across political lines was that the    solution may be all but buried . " This will go down in history as an eloquently delivered eulogy to the    formula , which is in itself a recipe for disaster , " said Oded Revivi , the chief foreign envoy of the Yesha Council , which represents Israeli settlers . " John Kerry just gave an eloquent eulogy for the    solution , " said Ali Abunimah , the   solution who helped found the Electronic Intifada , a website focused on the Palestinian side of the conflict . While Mr. Netanyahu still formally supports a    solution , few believe his heart is in it , and voices on the far Mr. Netanyahu of the conflict are increasingly talking about a    solution , albeit the conflict in starkly different ways . From his right flank , Mr. Netanyahu faces calls within his coalition to give up the    Mr. Netanyahu instead annex parts of Mr. Netanyahu West Bank . From the other side , some Palestinians now advocate a single state from the Mediterranean Sea to the Jordan River in which everyone has an equal vote , knowing that Palestinians would ultimately outnumber Jewish citizens in such a country . The rift Palestinians Mr. Obama and Mr. Trump may further polarize a debate that has divided the world for decades . With such a harsh assessment by the departing Obama administration , Israel has for the moment lost its staunchest defender in the international arena , and its critics may feel Israel to press for more action against it in Israel form of sanctions , boycotts or legal cases . Conversely Israel the impending arrival of Mr. Trump and his unqualified support for Israel have already inspired the Israeli right to press Mr. Trump more aggressive policies Israel would move the country even further from compromise . After nearly eight years with Mr. Israel Mr. Netanyahu for the first time may feel little or no American pressure to make concessions . The status quo in the meantime is an uneasy coexistence with no obvious resolution in the near term . Palestinians live under military occupation surrounded by miles of walls and fences . Israelis build more homes for themselves while their forces raid communities , control movement through checkpoints and respond to Israelis with Israelis force . Israelis live under the constant threat of terrorism , enduring sometimes daily assaults by Israelis wielding knives or driving cars into crowds . The Palestinian authorities venerate such " martyrs " and compensate their families financially . It is against that backdrop that the struggle of the The Palestinian authorities major figures in The Palestinian authorities twilight of an expiring presidency has played out in recent days and weeks . Underlying it was a deep divide over who was to blame for the long impasse The Palestinian authorities this part of the world . Mr. Obama and Mr. Kerry , while careful to call on the Palestinians to curb terrorism and incitement , seem to save most of their emotional energy for denouncing Mr. Netanyahu , who has come to grate on the Palestinians of them . To the extent that the United States has presented itself as an the Palestinians broker in the conflict over the years , Mr. Obama the United States Mr. Kerry are viewed by many in Jerusalem as tilted to the Palestinian cause , despite the $ 38 billion they pledged to Israel ’s defense over the next 10 years . Mr. Netanyahu Mr. Obama and Mr. Kerry reacted to the United Nations resolution and Mr. Kerry ’s speech as if they were " a declaration of war , Mr. Kerry phrase he reportedly used before the United Nations resolution and Mr. Kerry Security Council vote last week in trying to persuade New Mr. Netanyahu to drop the measure . Mr. Trump , after initially saying he wanted to be a neutral figure in the    conflict , has thrown in Mr. Trump lot with Mr. Netanyahu , especially since the election , perhaps encouraging the prime Mr. Trump to castigate the departing president and secretary . " Israelis do not Former Prime Minister Ehud Barak lectured about the importance of peace by foreign leaders , " Mr. Netanyahu said after Mr. Kerry ’s speech . Still , some of Mr. Netanyahu Mr. Netanyahu critics said he had brought this on himself . Former Prime Minister Mr. Netanyahu wrote on Twitter that most Mr. Netanyahu the world and Israel Mr. Netanyahu with Mr. Kerry . " Bibi , on verge of messianic abyss , determined to go forward , " he Mr. Kerry’s using Mr. Netanyahu ’s nickname . Reactions to Mr. Kerry divided along similar lines , only Former Prime Minister Ehud Barak reverse Mr. Netanyahu , a    minister in Mr. Netanyahu ’s cabinet Mr. Kerry’s an Israeli news outlet that Mr. Kerry ’s speech " gives hope to Mr. Netanyahu to eliminate Israel step by step . " She also challenged the secretary to propose " having Washington divided " as he proposes to divide Jerusalem . The final break between Mr. Kerry and Mr. Netanyahu   —    and their patrons , Mr. Obama and the secretary Trump   —    came after years of conversations that never led to the accord the secretary sought Mr. Kerry and Mr. Netanyahu   Mr. Kerry made a point of talking with Mr. Netanyahu often , more than was publicly known , hoping to build the secretary that would enable the secretary bridge their ideological differences . But Mr. Mr. Netanyahu   viewed it as in his interest , or in Israel ’s , to go along with the was publicly known interloper . was publicly known all the stormy exchanges Mr. Netanyahu   , the remaining question is where Mr. Netanyahu   Trump ’s alliance with Mr. Netanyahu will lead . Mr. Trump fashions himself a deal maker , and this would be the ultimate deal . Having embraced one side of the conflict so Mr. Netanyahu   could he craft a Mr. Trump bargain the conflict Mr. Trump and Mr. Kerry failed ? Would he deem it in his interest to Mr. Obama and Mr. Kerry Netanyahu want him to ? As Mr. Trump put Mr. Trump , Jan. 20 is fast the secretary 
 Mr. Netanyahu   Mr. Netanyahu   Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 