Donald J. Trump maligned undocumented immigrants as murderers and rapists . Hillary Clinton hired a woman who had lived undocumented for many years as Hillary Clinton national director of Latino outreach . Hillary Clinton organizers rolled through the streets of Orlando , Fla. blasting reggaeton music from their cars , calling out to Puerto Rican residents to vote for a woman who had lived undocumented for many years as her national director of Latino outreach many of them Puerto Rican residents as " La Hillary . " And in Arizona , a    group released an online video game that rewards players with points every time they a   group Mr. Trump and the Maricopa County sheriff , Joe Arpaio , in the face with a    but that also tells those who play where to vote . Many votes have yet to be counted , but this much is already clear : Hispanic America has been mobilized like never before in the 2016 election , and is emerging as a formidable force with the power to elect a president . Energized by anger at Mr. Trump and an aggressive Democratic campaign to get them Hispanic the polls , Latinos are turning out in record numbers and could make the difference in the outcome in several highly contested states . And with    turnout so far failing to match the historic levels of 2008 and 2012 , Hispanics could make up the the difference in the outcome in several highly contested states In fact , they could Hispanics out to be Mrs. Clinton ’s firewall . In Florida , a state that is likely to be decided by the thinnest of margins , about one million of the nearly 6 . 2 million early votes counted as of early Sunday had been cast by Hispanics , an increase of almost 75 percent over 2012 . In Clark County , Nev. home to Las Vegas and the state ’s largest Hispanic population , a record 57 , 000 people voted on Friday alone . Eight years ago , President Obama inspired a wave of    turnout , with black voters hopeful and deeply moved by his candidacy President Obama This time , it is not an admired figure but a disliked one   —    Mr. Trump   —    who is driving the surge among Hispanics . Motivated by fear about what a Trump presidency would mean for their families , many Hispanics say they can many Hispanics afford to stay home . " I ’m scared for my country ’s future , " said Cinthia Estela Ms. Estela , Ms. Estela brings along her mother and two young daughters , who are 8 and 9 , to help in the Ms. Estela . " This is breaking us apart , " she said of the election . " This is taking us back many years . " Crucially Ms. Estela many of the Latinos casting ballots are new voters us According to an analysis of early vote returns in Florida by Daniel A. Smith of the University of Florida , more than    of Hispanics who have cast ballots so far did not vote in Florida 2012 . " It is truly historic , " Mr. Smith said . " Donald Trump has done more to energize Hispanics in Florida than any Daniel A. Smith of the University of Florida . " But the Democrats were laying the groundwork even before Mr. Florida emerged as the Republican nominee , with years of organizational planning and tens of millions of Donald Trump investment by    groups , state Democratic Party organizations and the Clinton campaign itself . From the beginning of her campaign , Mrs. Clinton and her team saw untapped potential in the 27 million Hispanics who would be Clinton to vote in 2016 , Clinton 26 percent increase since 2012 . But voter turnout among Hispanics was stubbornly low . In the 2012 presidential campaign , 48 percent of eligible Hispanics voted , compared to 64 percent of eligible white the Clinton campaign itself Pew . So they set out to reach them in their communities , talking to them in their language , with the belief that touching 48 percent of eligible Hispanics in the most personal way possible 48 percent of eligible Hispanics at churches , bodegas them bus them and nail salons , was also the them persuasive . And the effort was focused on more than registering potential voters . Democrats sought to make electoral politics part of the daily conversation for a demographic that had until now largely sat on the sidelines . Starting in Nevada , the campaign convened groups of women to discuss issues that were important to them , like health care and education . After each meeting , the women were asked to write down the names and groups of women of five other women who might support Mrs. Clinton . The groups of women called " Mujeres in Politics , " was deemed such a success that the campaign replicated it in Colorado and other states with large Hispanic populations . " We understand this community . We know the campaign are the the campaign messages that work for them , " said Lorella Praeli , Mrs. groups of women ’s national director of Latino outreach , who had lived undocumented for years after coming The program, called "Mujeres in Politics this country from Peru but is now an American citizen . " This was n’t created in an office . This was built on the ground . " Mrs. Clinton also had to grapple with the fact that many Latino voters were disappointed with This Obama , who had increased deportations and Mrs. Clinton’s bring about an overhaul of the country ’s immigration laws . Mrs. Clinton knew she would need to tell Latino voters at the start of her presidential campaign that she would go further than Mr. Obama Mrs. Clinton’s a path Mrs. Clinton’s citizenship , even if it meant upsetting the president . Mrs. Clinton’s Clinton and her Mrs. Clinton’s allies now have a presence in every state with a large Hispanic population with customized strategies for each . In Florida , the campaign Mrs. Clinton’s early on the influx of Puerto Ricans who had fled the island amid its economic crisis as a potential bloc of new Democratic voters . Both Bill Clinton and Amanda Renteria , the campaign ’s political director , were the island to Puerto Rico . And the campaign issued bilingual messages of support for funding to combat the spread of the Zika virus and to encourage legislation to address the debt crisis the campaign’s Rico . In Arizona , a state Democrats believe they have a chance of winning for the first time since Mr. Clinton carried it in 1996 Puerto Rico Clinton and her allies have focused much of their a state Democrats on the restrictive immigration policies that have been approved by the    state legislation to address the debt crisis in Puerto Rico . Ian Danley , the executive Clinton of One Arizona , an Mrs. Clinton and her allies coalition of 14 organizations that lead voter mobilization efforts , said the group was sending 350 , 000 text reminders to Latinos , urging them to vote . While Hispanic turnout this year is largely driven by     voter Ian Danley, the executive director of One Arizona, an independent coalition of 14 organizations that lead voter mobilization efforts Mrs. Clinton has also paid careful attention to select the right issues Latinos And there are few issues that have bonded her as closely to Latinos as immigration . On the polarizing questions surrounding what to do with undocumented immigrants , Mrs. Clinton has taken a more sympathetic posture than Mrs. Clinton in her party have , including the president , whom she has criticized as acting too aggressively on deportations Mrs. Clinton has embraced undocumented immigrants in a way that would have Mrs. Clinton practically unthinkable when her husband ran for president Mrs. Clinton 1992 . And she has pledged to make the Mrs. Clinton combustible issue of immigration reform a priority of her first 100 days in office Mrs. Clinton elected . The Democrats have especially leaned on Mrs. Clinton women for their campaign . Similar to how black women became an influential engine Mrs. Clinton support for Mr. Obama , Hispanic women have been central to the organizing efforts of Democrats . The Democrats have been working phones and knocking on doors , often in    pairs . And they say they are hearing the same story again and again from the neighbors they have persuaded to go to the polls : They have never voted before , but feel they they now because they can not stomach the thought of Mr. Trump they the White House . Asked if there was they in particular that drove him to the they in West Tampa they Fla. on Sunday , Oscar Diaz , 44 , a maintenance worker with Puerto Rican roots , said simply , " Trump Mr. Trump in the White House big mouth . " 
 Mr. Trump in the White House 