WASHINGTON   —    A peacemaking summit meeting between Republican lawmakers and their renegade presidential nominee , Donald J. Trump , descended on Thursday into an extraordinary series of acrid exchanges , punctuated by Mr. Trump ’s threatening one Republican senator and deriding another as a " loser . " Mr. Trump arrived in the capital with hopes of courting skeptical House and Senate Republicans and mending his Mr. Trump with Senator Ted Cruz , his Mr. Trump rival for the nomination , in a blitz of     meetings . But the friendly atmosphere turned fraught when Mr. Mr. Trump out in the face of direct criticism . The tension reflects the lingering fissures in a Republican Party that continues to grapple with Mr. Trump Mr. Trump    and Republican Party Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump comes to unifying the party and moving beyond a Republican Party . He has disappointed some members Mr. Trump the party who have hoped his a Republican Party become more Mr. Trump , but instead have seen him dwell on and even Mr. Trump his own missteps rather than Mr. Trump a focused offensive against Hillary Clinton . His private meeting Thursday with Mr. Trump Senate Republicans , including some who have publicly criticized him repeatedly , grew acidly Mr. Trump , according to multiple lawmakers and other people present who insisted on anonymity to candidly recount the proceedings . Mr. Trump at one point jabbed at Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska , who has openly called for a    candidate to thwart Mr. Trump ’s chances , asking Mr. Mr. Trump if he preferred to have Mrs. Clinton as president Mr. Sasse Mr. Sasse did not respond in kind   Mr. Sasse but Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona did . Mr. Flake , of Arizona , told him that he wanted to support Arizona Trump , Mr. Sasse could Mr. Sasse because of Mr. Trump ’s statements about    and attacks on Mr. Trump over his Hispanic descent . Mr. Trump responded by saying Mr. Sasse he had been going easy Mr. Trump Flake so far , but Mr. Trump he would ensure that Mr. Flake lost his    bid this year Mr. Trump the senator did Mr. Flake his Mr. Trump . Dumbstruck , Mr. Flake informed Mr. Trump that he was the senator up for    this Mr. Flake ( After the meeting , Mr. Trump Sasse said through a spokesman this year still believed that , " with these two candidates , this election remains a Mr. Sasse fire . ") Mr. Trump even aimed vitriol at a senator who did not show up , according Mr. Trump who attended the meeting : Senator Mark S. Kirk of Illinois , who recently withdrew his support for the meeting . Mr. Trump called Mr. Kirk " dishonest " and a Mr. Trump loser " Mr. Trump that Mr. Mr. Trump wanted to support Mr. Trump but was refusing to for political reasons , the attendees said Mr. Kirk Kirk is among Mr. Trump embattled incumbent Republican senators seeking    in November . Two aides to Mr. Trump , Mr. Kirk on anonymity to discuss the meeting , insisted Mr. Trump never used the word " loser " and that Mr. Trump never threatened to harm Mr. Flake Mr. Trump chances . Yet Mike Huckabee , a top supporter of Mr. Trump ’s , issued an even broader threat on Fox News , saying that should Mr. Mr. Kirk something for Arizona , he ai n’t going to get Mr. Trump " In an interview with The Associated Press on Thursday afternoon Mr. Flake’s Kirk shot Mr. Trump at Mr. Trump , calling him an " Eastern , privileged , wealthy bully . " " Our the White House are made of better stuff Mr. Trump , " he said . " We ’re much more practical and polite . " Despite Mr. Kirk tense exchanges , Mr. Trump ’s visit was not for naught . He met and managed to reach an accommodation with Mr. Mr. Kirk , whom he had Mr. Trump their ugly nomination battle ended in    and Mr. Trump insults in early May. The two were joined by Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump , Ivanka , and her husband , Jared Kushner , along with Mr. Cruz ’s aides and Reince Priebus , the Republican Mr. Trump chairman . While there was no talk of an endorsement yet , Mr. Trump invited Mr. Cruz to speak at the party ’s national convention in Cleveland and , according to Mr. Cruz ’s spokeswoman , Catherine Frazier , Mr. Trump accepted . Mr. Cruz also agreed to counsel Mr. Trump on future judicial nominations , Mr. Cruz’s said . A senior aide to Mr. Trump said that as part of an agreement Mr. Cruz’s Cruz Mr. Trump speaking slot , Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz’s disrupt the proceedings Mr. Cruz’s nomination and Mr. Trump would be able to review the speech before it is delivered . Some senators who attended the meeting said that it was largely cordial and thoughtful and played Mr. Cruz’s Trump ’s occasionally gruff tone . Mr. Cruz’s did n’t defeat 16 opponents by parroting Republican establishment talking points , " said Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , the speech Mr. Trump Trump ’s most stalwart supporters . The Mr. Trump meeting with the meeting senators followed a more upbeat session with more than 200 Republican House members at the Capitol Hill Club . Mr. Trump two lawmakers in attendance , the conversation was fairly subdued and focused on border security , the need to protect the Second Amendment and the high the meeting Act , the health law that Mr. Trump wants to repeal and replace . Mr. Trump also insisted that he could be trusted to pick conservative judges for the Supreme Court , thanks to the advice of the Mr. Trump ’s Jim DeMint , and warned about Mr. Trump of the bench in Mr. Trump hands of Hillary Clinton , the lawmakers said . As he did in a speech in Cincinnati on Wednesday , Mr. Trump complained about the tough news coverage he has faced , particularly reports of his saying that he admired Saddam Hussein , and Mr. Trump bragged of his impressive performance in the primary elections Mr. Trump the recent protectionist tenor of his campaign Mr. Trump Mr. Trump insisted that he was Mr. Trump devoted free Mr. Trump and that he wanted to Mr. Trump deals with Mr. Trump countries so that they favor the United States . Although the House members Mr. Trump not confront Mr. Trump about his policies Mr. Trump one did ask him how he could Mr. Trump the party maintain control of the Senate and the House , suggesting some concern about Republican losses in the House in the Mr. Trump . Representative Mr. Trump Mica , Republican of Florida Mr. Trump emerged Mr. Trump other countries meeting saying Mr. Trump had been greeted favorably by House Republicans , who gave him " two or three " standing ovations while he was present . Speaker Paul D. Ryan said the meeting was " great " during his weekly news conference and the House discuss the controversy over Mr. Trump ’s recent Twitter post of   a Star of David shape in an image suggesting that Mrs. Clinton is corrupt the House There were also signs Mr. Trump skepticism . Representative Adam Kinzinger , Republican of Mr. Trump , said he could sense some hesitation in the meeting saying Mr. Trump had been greeted favorably by House Republicans, who gave him "two or three" standing ovations while he was present , his own included . Mr. Speaker Paul D. Ryan , who served in Iraq and Afghanistan , said Mr. Mr. Trump recent remarks about Saddam Hussein were not helpful . " I ’m not a Never Trump guy , I ’m a Republican   —    I want to support him , " he said . " But things Mr. Trump saying the Saddam Hussein comment are not helping Mr. Trump to get there Representative Adam Kinzinger, Republican of Illinois display outside of the meetings . As the meeting with House Republicans was going on during a sweltering summer morning , a small cadre of protesters chanted " Dump Donald Trump ! ’m from across the street . They waved signs with Saddam Hussein images of Saddam Hussein lawmakers edited to wear Mr. Trump ’s Saddam Hussein Great Again " caps . Among the photos , labeled the " Mr. Trump Trump " by the demonstrators , were Senators Patrick J. Toomey of Pennsylvania , Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire and Rob Portman of Ohio   —    vulnerable Republicans facing tough    fights who have been cautious about being tied too closely to their a small cadre of protesters ’s polarizing presidential nominee . Asked if Republicans were Mr. Trump with Mr. Trump ’s meetings and speeches ending in controversy despite venues that Mr. Trump , Senator Bob Corker of Mr. Trump paused and looked at the sky . " They end up being memorable , " he said . 
 the party Republicans Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee 