WASHINGTON   —    Hillary Clinton assailed Donald J. Trump on Friday as untrustworthy on women ’s issues , sharpening Hillary Clinton tone against Donald J. Trump in Hillary Clinton first major speech since becoming the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee . Finally free to focus on the general election , Hillary Clinton signaled that she Hillary Clinton to hit her Hillary Clinton Republican opponent in an area of perceived weakness while working to mend fissures within her Hillary Clinton party by focusing on issues dear to progressives , such as protecting abortion rights and funding for Planned Parenthood . " When Donald Trump says , ‘ Let ’s make America great again,’ that is code for let ’s ’s America America , " Mrs. Clinton said at a Planned Parenthood Action Fund event in Washington . In a    speech , Mrs. Mrs. Clinton on Mr. Donald Trump in March that abortion be banned and that women who violate such a ban face punishment . Although he later retracted Donald Trump remark amid a bipartisan backlash , Mrs. Clinton made clear Mrs. Clinton would not let it Mrs. Clinton . " Anyone who would so casually agree with the idea of punishing women , like it was nothing to him , the Donald Trump obvious thing in the world , that ’s someone who does n’t hold women in high regard , " Mrs. Clinton said to loud Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton said that protecting Planned Mrs. Clinton funding was a top priority amid an onslaught from Republicans who have threatened to shut down the government over its opposition to the organization . She the government called for the government of Mrs. Clinton Hyde Amendment , which bans the use of government money for abortions . Mrs. Clinton has struggled at times this Mrs. Clinton appeal to younger women , but she does not expect that to be a Mrs. Clinton against Mr. Trump . Her campaign plans to regularly remind female voters Mrs. Clinton his penchant for making sexist remarks , such as Mr. Trump to women as " fat pigs " and " dogs . " On Friday she quoted Mr. Trump as saying that he Mrs. Clinton    leave Mr. Trump country less competitive and Mr. Trump women should work harder if they wanted to earn more . Mr. Trump has said women he will be better for Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton , but Mr. Trump show that so far he is turning them off in a big way . A Mr. Trump survey from women found that 70 percent of women in the country had an unfavorable opinion him . By making Planned Parenthood Action her first campaign stop after capturing the nomination , Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton that , instead of making a quick pivot Mrs. Clinton center , she is intent on rallying the Democratic base after a bruising primary Mrs. Clinton against Senator Bernie Sanders . Another important step toward party unity came on Thursday night when Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts offered a rousing endorsement of Mrs. Clinton . The two women met privately on Friday morning in Mrs. Clinton discuss the party ’s path forward and how to beat Mr. Trump in November party unity Warren is a favorite of the progressive wing of the party and has Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts of its most vocal and effective critics of party unity . She described Mr. Trump as party unity " racist bully " in a speech Mr. Trump night Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts made a Mr. Trump for Mrs. Clinton ’s candidacy . The meeting Friday could also fan speculation that Ms. Warren is on Mrs. Clinton ’s shortlist of potential running mates . While she has maintained that she loves her current Mrs. Clinton’s Warren did say Thursday night on MSNBC that she Ms. Warren she had the Ms. Warren to Ms. Warren president . For Ms. Warren Clinton is taking on Mr. Trump on her Ms. Warren , Ms. Warren after a difficult week for him in which he Ms. Warren condemnation for making racist remarks about a Ms. Warren judge , she is not holding back . Mr. Trump mocked him Mr. Trump walking back his claim that Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel   —    Ms. Warren is presiding over a lawsuit Ms. Warren Trump Mr. Trump   —    Mr. Trump biased because of his Mexican heritage and lamented Mr. Trump ’s disparaging treatment of a disabled reporter . Both were examples , she said , Mr. Trump how a Trump presidency would be problematic for more than just women . " Donald Trump would take Mrs. Clinton in the wrong direction on Trump University many issues that we care about , " Mrs. Clinton said Trump University He does not see all Americans as Americans . " 
 Trump University us 