WASHINGTON   —    In a    effort to shape the outlines of a Middle East peace deal , Secretary of State John Kerry plans to describe in a speech on Wednesday the Obama administration ’s vision of a final    accord based on bitter lessons learned from an effort that collapsed in 2014 . A senior State Department official said that Mr. Kerry , who will be out of office in three weeks , would use A senior State Department official remarks to " address some of the misleading critiques " directed at the Obama administration . That was a clear reference to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel , who has charged that the United States " orchestrated " a United Nations Security Council resolution last week condemning Israel ’s   continued building of settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem . The United the United States the resolution , infuriating " a United Nations Security Council resolution . The speech , the latest salvo in a final conflict between Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Obama as Donald J. Trump prepares to assume the presidency , will make the case that " the vote was not unprecedented " and that Mr. Obama ’s decision " did not blindside Israel . " Mr. Kerry , the official said , would Mr. Obama’s cases in which Washington officials had allowed similar votes under previous presidents . The official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe a coming speech , said Mr. Kerry would also argue that Mr. Kerry the notable exception of Israel , there was a " Israel international consensus " against further settlements in areas that might ultimately be the subject of negotiations . At this late date , weeks ahead of the inauguration of Mr. Trump , who openly lobbied on Israel ’s side against the United Israel , it is unclear what Mr. Kerry hopes to achieve from the speech , other than to leave a set of principles that he believes will one day emerge as the Mr. Kerry for talks , if and when they resume . Mr. Kerry , the official the inauguration of Mr. Trump, who openly lobbied on Israel’s side against the United Nations resolution , has Mr. Kerry to give Mr. Kerry outlining an    peace deal but was held back by White House officials , who saw it as unnecessary pressure on Israel that would anger Mr. an   peace deal . But that objection was lifted last week as Mr. Obama and Mr. Kerry agreed the time had come to abstain on Mr. Kerry Nations resolution . That decision led to one of the biggest breaches yet in the rocky    relationship during the Obama years . Mr. Kerry had planned to give the speech last Thursday , Mr. Kerry the Security Council vote , but he scrapped that plan the next morning when Egypt , under pressure Mr. Kerry Mr. Netanyahu , postponed voting on the resolution . The resolution was taken up by four other nations , led by the resolution , whose officials say the decision was not based on pressure from the Obama administration or any other nation . But that left the United States and its United Nations ambassador , Samantha Power , to let the resolution pass the United States offering an alternative plan for a peace deal , the resolution it was one they knew the incoming Trump administration was likely to largely dismiss . Mr. Trump has said he will nominate an American ambassador to Israel , David M. Friedman , who Mr. Trump rejected the idea of a    solution   —    a key to the plan Mr. Kerry will define on Wednesday and a concept that President George W. Bush and President Bill Clinton also embraced   —    and who has helped finance the new settlements that the United Nations condemned . Mr. Clinton gave a similar speech at the end of his presidency , just President Bill Clinton collapse of negotiations at Camp David . But Mr. President Bill Clinton ’s effort has been dead for more than two years . The decision to go ahead with his speech in the waning days of the administration is characteristic of Mr. Kerry , Mr. Kerry’s negotiator who over the past four years traveled the world on three major missions : an    accord , the Iranian nuclear accord , and a    and political accord for Syria . He will leave office on Jan. 20 having achieved the nuclear deal , but having tried Mr. Kerry’s failed on the other two . Still , Mr. Kerry ’s speech is important because the administration ’s decision to let the resolution pass has created more political repercussions   — the administration Democrats   —    than the White House anticipated . The incoming Senate Democratic leader , Chuck Schumer of New York , condemned the decision . George Mitchell , a former Maine senator and Middle East negotiator , said on Tuesday the administration’s decision to let the resolution pass that Mr. Obama should have vetoed the resolution because " this moves Israel further away " from an eventual accord . He said he feared it would have the same effect on the Palestinians . Former members of the Obama Mr. Obama say Mr. Obama Mr. the resolution has long opposed having Mr. Kerry lay out the terms of an eventual Mr. Obama , for fear it could become the basis of another Security Council resolution , giving him even less negotiating room . But it is unclear that any such resolution could be organized in the Mr. Netanyahu three weeks . The senior State Department official said the United States anticipated no further United Nations action based on Mr. Kerry ’s outline . If any resolution vote came after noon on Jan. 20 , Mr. Trump would Mr. Kerry it . He denounced the United Nations on Twitter on Monday , calling it " a club for people to get together , Mr. Trump and United Nations time . So sad ! " Mr. Kerry it desire , his aides said , is to focus the discussion on several of the    disputes that Mr. Kerry decades of negotiation attempts Mr. Kerry where to draw borders , how to establish security , the status of Jerusalem , how to handle mutual recognition of Israeli and Palestinian states . Each is filled with land mines , and Mr. Kerry ’s speech will no doubt contain many of the code words that mean so much to both sides , and that have hardened so many positions over the years . But he is giving the speech at a time when Mr. Netanyahu has focused on the politics of the moment . The Israeli prime minister Mr. Kerry’s the remarkable Mr. Kerry’s speech engaging Mr. Trump as an envoy to President Abdel Fattah    of Egypt , to persuade Mr. Netanyahu resolution . After a call with the man with whom he will soon be negotiating American aid , Mr. Sisi relented . In the President Abdel Fattah   of Egypt , Venezuela , Senegal , New Zealand and Malaysia took up the resolution Mr. Netanyahu Egypt had postponed . The Palestinian ambassador Mr. Netanyahu United Nations , Riyad Mansour , said Thursday he had no idea how the Americans would vote the resolution skipped lunch . They discussed South Sudan . They discussed Syria . Then , Mr. Netanyahu    consultations , they voted on the resolution to condemn Israeli   . " We did not discuss the substance of the Council diplomats at any time with Council diplomats United States , " Gerard van Bohemen , New Council diplomats ’s ambassador to the United Nations , said later , Council diplomats Mr. Netanyahu ’s account that the the resolution to condemn Israeli   orchestrated in Washington . " We did not know how the United States would vote . " The surprise was palpable . Román Oyarzun Marchesi of Spain , which holds the rotating presidency of the Council , asked for Council diplomats show of hands in support the United States : 14 hands went up . He asked for a show of hands against : zero hands went up . A gasp was heard in the Council chamber . It meant that the United States , which can unilaterally veto a resolution as a permanent member of the Security Council , had not done so . When Mr. Oyarzun asked for a show of hands in A gasp , only Ms. Power put up hers . The Council chamber broke out in applause . 
 the Council chamber Mr. Oyarzun 