A look at the political math in six states where tight races could determine control of the Senate : NORTH CAROLINA Senator Richard Burr , a Republican , was thought to be a safe bet for    against Deborah Ross , his Democratic challenger , who is a former state representative and head of the state ’s chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union . But NORTH CAROLINA has been roiled by a fight over bathroom rights for transgender people that has affected almost every campaign . The national Republican Party has swooped in to try to save Mr. Burr ’s bid . _ _ _ _ _ PENNSYLVANIA   Katie McGinty , a Democrat , is trying to become Pennsylvania ’s first female senator with a bid to unseat Senator Patrick J. Toomey , a Republican who has managed to keep a moderate image around the state because of a ( failed ) gun safety bill that bore his name . Hillary Clinton ’s coattails   —    and Donald J. Trump ’s anvil   —    have made a difference here . _ _ _ _ _ NEW HAMPSHIRE   Senator Kelly Ayotte , a Republican , is suffering from an uncomfortable association with Mr. Donald J. Trump most notably when she Hillary Clinton to release a statement walking back her Hillary Clinton during a debate that Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump role model for children . Gov. Maggie Hassan , her Hillary Clinton challenger , is getting major assistance from national party figures like Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Bernie Sanders in what is widely viewed as the closest Senate race in the country . _ _ _ _ _ MISSOURI Senator Roy D. Blunt was on no lists of endangered incumbents . Then his Democratic challenger ____ MISSOURI Senator Roy D. Blunt Jason Kander , an Afghanistan veteran who is Missouri ’s secretary of state , conjured up an ad in which he assembled an assault rifle blindfolded while speaking of gun rights . It was a clever way to both fend off attacks over gun control and underscore Mr. Blunt ’s Vietnam deferments in a very    state . Mr. Blunt ’s Mr. Blunt service in Washington are also out of style this year . _ _ _ _ _ INDIANA   Evan Bayh , a Democrat , is trying to reclaim his Senate seat but is finding that his time as a his insider is a Washington liability . Representative Todd Young , with the help of millions of dollars in outside money , is painting a dark picture of Mr. Bayh as a greedy lobbyist who abandoned his voters , and Mr. Bayh Bayh ’s    Mr. Bayh shrunk significantly . Indiana is Trump country , and Mr. Bayh , who was once a very popular governor , is going to need Republican voters who remember him fondly to split their tickets . _ _ Mr. Bayh, who was once a very popular governor _ _ NEVADA For a while , it did not seem that Catherine Cortez Masto , a Democrat who is a former state attorney general , would catch up to Representative Joe Heck , a Republican who seemed a good fit for his state and this cycle Catherine Cortez Masto, a Democrat who is a former state attorney general But Mr. Heck , by turning away from Mr. Trump after the presidential candidate was heard bragging about sexual assault in a 2005 recording , began to lose some of his base support , living Mr. Trump Republican candidate ’s nightmare . The Hispanic vote , important here , is hard to poll . But Ms. Cortez Masto is now narrowly ahead in the race , a battle for the seat of Senator Harry Reid in which the retiring Democratic leader has unleashed his political machine in support the retiring Democratic leader her . 
 Ms. Cortez Masto 