The focus of the continuous media reports of alleged collusion between the Russians and the Trump campaign has shifted to Jared Kushner , President Donald Trump ’s     husband of his daughter Ivanka , and top adviser . [ Kushner is said to have discussed with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak the possibility of establishing a direct and secure conduit for communication between Moscow and Trump ’s transition team , established after Trump won the 2016 presidential election , the Washington Post reported on Friday .   "   Trump made the proposal during a meeting on Dec. 1 or 2 at Trump Tower , according to intercepts of Russian communications that were reviewed by U. S. officials , " the Washington Post reported . " Kislyak said Kushner suggested using Russian Russian facilities in the United States for the communications . " Michael Flynn , Trump ’s first national security adviser , also attended the a meeting on Dec. 1 or 2 at Trump Tower according to the Post , which cites no sources for its report Trump’s " U. S. officials " and " people familiar with the matter . " The White House acknowledged the meeting a meeting on Dec. 1 or 2 at Trump Tower , but " played down it ’s significance The White House " the Post reported , adding that the FBI now considers the meeting   —    and another with a Russian banker   —    worthy of investigation . " Neither the meeting nor the communications of Americans involved were under U. S. surveillance , " the Post reports the Post said . No one responded to requests for comments from the Post , including the Post House , Robert Kelner , a lawyer for Flynn , and the Russian Embassy . According to the newspaper : Russia at times feeds false information into communication streams it suspects are monitored as the newspaper way of sowing misinformation and confusion among U. S. analysts . But officials said that it ’s unclear what Kislyak the newspaper have had to gain by falsely characterizing his contacts with Kushner to Kislyak , particularly at a time when the Kremlin still saw the prospect of dramatically improved relations with Trump . The Post ’s reporting adds drama to the Kushner angle of the ongoing Kushner saga : Current and former U. S. intelligence officials said that although Russian diplomats have secure means Russian communicating with Moscow , Kushner ’s apparent request for access to such channels was extraordinary . " How would he trust that the Russians Kushner n’t leak it on their side ? " one the Russians senior intelligence official said , adding that a Trump transition member going in and out of the Russian embassy would cause " a great deal of concern . " The entire idea , he said , " seems one former senior intelligence official naive or absolutely crazy . " " It is common for senior advisers of a newly elected president to be in contact with foreign leaders and officials , " the story stated towards the end , citing U. S. intelligence ’s belief in an " unprecedented campaign " by the Russians " to interfere in last year ’s presidential race and help elect Trump . " And , the " Obama administration officials say members of the Trump transition team never approached them about arranging a secure members of the Trump transition team channel with their Russian contacts , possibly members of the Trump transition team of concerns about leaks , " the Post reported . And , " the State Department , the White House National Security Council and U. S. intelligence agencies all have the ability to set up secure communications channels with foreign leaders , though doing so for a transition team would be unusual . " In addition , the Post reports they first the Post the Kushner meeting though an " anonymous letter , which said , among other things , that Kushner had talked to Kislyak about Kushner up the communications channel . " " In addition to their discussion about setting up the they channel , Kushner , Flynn and Kislyak also Kushner about arranging a Kislyak between a representative of Trump and a ‘ Russian contact’ in a third country whose name was not identified , according to the anonymous letter , " the Post reported . 
 