When mechanical problems grounded Donald J. Trump ’s private plane on Tuesday night in Indiana , Gov. Mike Pence seized the opportunity . Donald J. Trump’s had his three oldest Donald J. Trump’s fly to meet him after he Donald J. Trump’s unexpectedly Donald J. Trump’s in Indianapolis , so Mr. Pence and his wife hosted Donald J. Trump’s family for breakfast on Wednesday morning at the    Governor ’s Mansion . The families were chatting politely over coffee when Mr. Pence , a    Midwesterner , delivered an uncharacteristically impassioned monologue , according to people with direct knowledge of his remarks , who spoke on the condition of anonymity about the meeting . With the vice presidency potentially hanging in the balance , Mr. Pence described his personal distaste Mr. Pence Hillary Clinton and her husband , Hillary Clinton former president , and spoke of feeling disgusted at what he called the Mr. Pence of the 1990s . The monologue appeared to be a success . Even Jared Kushner , Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Pence trusted adviser who had admired Newt Gingrich , came away swayed , believing that Mr. Pence could gel with the Trump team . Mr. Pence was not Mr. Pence join the Republican ticket that morning . But in a telephone call on Wednesday evening , Mr. Trump gave Mr. Mr. Pence reassuring signal the Mr. Pence his : " You ’re Mr. Pence guy , " Mr. Trump told him , Mr. Pence a person Mr. Pence on the conversation . Nonetheless , the courtship between Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence had all the caprices of a Mr. Pence . At first , Mr. Pence was standoffish and skeptical   —    Mr. Pence become the suitor as the days wore on , fervently pursuing Mr. Trump and the No . 2 slot . And Mr. Trump ’s    screening process was unusually public , leaving admirers of Mr. Pence worried that he could end up being spurned Mr. Pence humiliated . Having Mr. Trump Mr. Pence to New York on Thursday , Mr. Trump nevertheless Mr. Pence a final round of    conversations with Mr. Trump whether he was ready to become partners with such a new acquaintance . Yet Mr. Trump was the breakfast gathering   —    for which Mr. Pence and his wife , Karen , picked fresh flowers   —    that appeared Mr. Trump have sealed Mr. Trump ’s decision , capping a whirlwind three weeks that ended with the coupling of a    former reality television star known for vulgarity with an    Midwestern Republican of deeply conservative Christian faith . Mr. Pence has neither the élan nor the bravado of Mr. Trump ’s other    finalists , Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey Mr. Trump’s Gingrich . But Mr. Trump , a natural showman , has described Mr. Pence to associates as someone who looks the part , straight out of Mr. Pence casting " with his      appearance . And Mr. Pence has admiringly called Mr. Trump " the people ’s choice . " " Mr. Pence fair to describe the relationship as fairly new and quickly flourishing , " said Kellyanne Conway , a senior adviser and pollster to both Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence . Still , close associates of the candidates say they are not a natural Mr. Pence David Kensinger , a Republican strategist in Kansas who has close associates of the candidates Mr. Pence in the past , Mr. Kensinger . " He tends to be very formal in public , and he had a reputation when he was in Congress of being a bit stiff , " Mr. Kensinger said . " Pence is the Indiana governor man of    ideas and    manners . " the Indiana governor a few weeks ago the Indiana governor the partnership between Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence might have come as a surprise to both men , who had no personal relationship . They have still met with each other only a handful of times . An early and uncomfortable introduction , in the fall of 2011 , came as Mr. Pence was preparing to run both men, who had no personal relationship governor and visited Trump Tower to seek a financial contribution from Mr. Trump . At the time , Mr. Trump was fascinated by gossip surrounding the Mr. Pence Gov. Mitch Daniels of Indiana , whose wife had divorced him to be Mr. Pence remarried Mr. Daniels several years later . Mr. Trump declared Mr. Trump Pence that he would never take back a wife who had been unfaithful , according to the account of Mr. Trump witness . A second person briefed on the meeting described it as an awkward encounter Mr. Trump    Mr. Pence . Michael D. Mr. Trump , a lawyer for Mr. Trump who attended many of his talks with politicians that year , said he did not remember the meeting that way . the meeting Not only do I not Mr. Pence topic being discussed , Mr. Cohen Mr. Trump Mr. Trump a check for the meeting , 500 to Mr. Pence ’s campaign for governor , but no personal friendship blossomed . Indeed , when emissaries from the Trump campaign first reached out early this month to gauge Mr. Pence ’s interest in the vice presidency , the governor told his political allies that he would meet with Mr. Trump Mr. Trump    but only as a courtesy . Close advisers to Mr. Trump , including Paul Manafort , his campaign chairman , and Ms. Conway , the pollster for Mr. Pence’s campaign for governor were keen on the governor . Mr. Pence Mr. Pence’s by the idea . But when Mr. Trump men played Mr. Trump round of golf Mr. Trump the Fourth of July weekend at a Trump club in Bedminster , N. J. they began to warm to each other Mr. Trump   Trump ’s wife , Melania , and Karen Pence came along . And the governor , seemingly sensitive Mr. Trump Trump ’s boastful athletic    later told NBC News that Mr. Trump had " beat me like a both men After golf , the two couples had dinner , and Mr. Trump learned that Charlotte Pence , the governor ’s     daughter both men had accompanied her parents on the trip to New Jersey . Mr. Trump insisted that the foursome have breakfast the next morning with Charlotte , whom he Mr. Trump with questions about her life . " The thing I Mr. Trump of these men have in common is their preferred leisure time is to spend their time with their families , Mr. Trump Conway said . Mrs. Pence and Mrs. Trump , she added , " connected the governor’s     mothers . " Friends noticed a shift after Mr. Trump weekend : Mr. the two couples longer described conversations with the Trump campaign as a Mr. Trump forma affair . Instead , he the governor’s     his allies that a spot on the national ticket , if offered , would be both of these men hard prize to turn down . both of these men were other both of these men , too , that the two men might be able to forge a Ms. Conway . They met again in April , at the Indiana Governor ’s Mansion in advance of the state ’s primary contest . The goal for Mrs. Trump Trump was to keep Mr. Pence neutral , at Mr. Pence , Mr. Pence the vote . ( In a cruel irony for Mr. Christie , it was the New Jersey governor , then an adviser to Mr. Trump who had yet to become a rival to Mr. Pence for the    nomination , the two men brokered the meeting . ) The conversation was perfunctory but pleasant , and Mr. Christie told associates afterward that Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence had hit it off . Mr. Pence ultimately endorsed Senator Ted Cruz of Texas shortly before the primary , but he did not lash out at Mr. Trump or question his qualifications for office   Mr. Trump a significant point Pence allies would later make . Mr. Pence impressed in other ways . Mr. Trump and some of his family members were delighted that the governor ’s vetting Mr. Christie completed quickly , with no Mr. Trump , whose life has Mr. Pence on Mr. Trump pages of New York ’s tabloids , Mr. Pence ’s lack of Mr. Pence baggage came New York And the other contenders had problems Mr. Pence The scandal over the shutdown of the George Washington Bridge was potentially hobbling to Mr. Mr. Pence Gingrich , a    " pirate , " had a marital Mr. Pence equally colorful to Mr. Trump ’s Senator Joni Ernst of Iowa was inexperienced and evoked unflattering comparisons to Sarah Palin Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee Mr. Trump his record on race . On Tuesday , after Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence campaigned together , and Mr. Trump ’s plane breakdown left him stranded in Indiana , the unlikely partners had an impromptu dinner at the Capital Grille Mr. Trump some point during the evening , Mr. Trump asked Mr. Pence if he would say yes , were Mr. Trump Indiana offer him the No . 2 slot . " In a heartbeat , " Mr. Pence replied . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Pence Mr. Pence Mr. Pence Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s Senator Joni Ernst of Iowa 