Donald J. Trump enters the general election campaign laboring under the worst financial and organizational disadvantage of any major party nominee in recent history , placing both Donald J. Trump candidacy and Donald J. Trump party in political peril . Donald J. Trump began June with just $ 1 . 3 million in cash on hand , a figure more typical for a campaign for the House of Representatives than the White House . He Donald J. Trump Hillary Clinton , who raised more than $ 28 million in May , by more than $ 41 million , according to reports filed late Monday night with the Federal Election Commission . He Donald J. Trump a staff of around 70 people   —    compared with nearly 700 for Mrs. Clinton   —    suggesting only the barest effort toward preparing to contest swing states this fall . And he Donald J. Trump his Donald J. Trump manager , Corey Lewandowski , on Monday , after concerns among allies and donors about his Donald J. Trump to run a competitive race . The Trump campaign has not aired a television advertisement since he Donald J. Trump secured the nomination in May and has not booked any advertising for the summer or fall . Mrs. Clinton and her Clinton spent nearly $ 26 million on advertising in June alone , according to the Campaign Media Analysis Group , pummeling Mr. Trump his temperament Trump his statements Trump his mocking Trump a disabled reporter . The only sustained reply , aside from Mr. Trump Trump rallies and on Twitter , has come from a pair of groups that spent less than $ 2 million combined . Mr. Trump ’s    Trump reflects his lag in assembling the Trump of a national finance team . In the same month that he clinched the Republican nomination Trump Mr. Trump raised just $ Trump 1 million and was forced to lend himself $ 2 million to meet Trump . Some invitations to Trump    events have featured the Trump list of national Republican finance volunteers regardless of what city the event is held in , suggesting Mr. Trump has had some trouble lining Trump   . A spokesman for Mr. Trump did not respond Mr. Lewandowski ’s spending plans . During an interview on Monday on CNN , Mr. Lewandowski defended the candidate ’s    approach . " We are leaner , meaner , more efficient , more effective . Get bigger crowds . Get better coverage , " Mr. Lewandowski said . " If this was the business world , people Mr. Lewandowski commending Mr. Trump for the way he ’s run this campaign . " But the shortfall is leaving Mr. Trump Mr. Trump dependent on the Republican National Committee , which has seen record Mr. Trump campaign cycle and , long before Mr. Trump even declared his upstart candidacy , had begun investing heavily in a    Mr. Trump bolster the party Mr. Trump technical and organizational capacity . In a first for a major party nominee , Mr. Trump has suggested he will leave the crucial task of field organizing in swing states Mr. Trump Republican National Committee Mr. Trump which typically relies on the party ’s nominee to help fund , direct and staff national Republican political efforts . His the party’s leave the party with significant shortfalls of money and manpower : On Monday Mr. Trump the party reported raising $ 13 the party’s May , about a third of the money it raised in May the party’s when Mitt Romney led the ticket . " It ’s like a waterfall , " the party’s Brian O. Walsh , a Republican campaign strategist . " There are things that have to happen , and someone has to pay for them . " Mr. Trump ’s cash crunch marks a stark reversal from the 2012 presidential campaign , which seemed to Brian O. Walsh, a Republican campaign strategist a new era of virtually unlimited money in American politics , buoyed by the Supreme Court ’s Citizens United decision two years earlier . By the same point that year , President Obama and Mr. Romney were raising tens of millions of dollars per month with their parties . And while Mr. Romney faced a larger deficit overall against Mr. Obama in June 2012 , he was President Obama and Mr. Romney far more money than Mr. Romney is now , with big donors flocking to his cause . " The Mr. Romney has got to be the entity that ’s out there driving the    car , " Mr. Romney Austin Barbour , a lobbyist who served as national finance    of the Romney campaign . " And it better be a big old Cadillac . " Mr. Trump has defied conventional wisdom before , clinching the Republican nomination with a small organization and modest outlays on television . Mr. Trump officials believe they are well prepared to compensate for Mr. Trump ’s late start . The Republican National Committee has more than 500 field staff Republican officials on the ground in swing states Mr. Trump more than in 2012 , and a robust digital and data operation . Allies of Mr. Trump say they believe the tide is already turning . On Tuesday , Mr. Trump will appear at a      in New York Mr. Trump by some Allies of Mr. Trump the most prominent names on Wall Street .    for Mr. Trump , who asked for anonymity to discuss internal discussions , said they were now hoping to raise up to $ 500 million in joint efforts with the Republican National Committee , or an average of $ 100 Mr. Trump, who asked for anonymity to discuss internal discussions a month from June through October . He is now reliably raising between $ 5 million and $ 7 million in each city where he raises money , those donors said . A joint    effort with Mr. Trump and 11 state Republican parties yielded the Republican National Committee $ He million in just five days at the end of May. Some of the largest checks came from a handful of the Republican National Committee are not party mainstays , suggesting Mr. Trump could tap new sources of campaign money . But Mr. Romney was also backed by expansive network of    " super PACs " and other outside groups Trump spent hundreds of millions of dollars in an effort to elect him . This year , the Democrats are leading in outside money . Priorities USA Action , a group focused on advertising in support of Mrs. Clinton , announced on Mr. Romney that it had raised $ 12 million in May and had $ 52 million on hand   —    a huge reserve . The outside spending effort to help Mr. Trump a group by contrast , has been chaotic and underfunded , hampered by a profusion of competing groups , one of which has spent only $ 1 million so far on Mr. Trump ’s behalf . The most prominent group , Great America , is advised by Ed Rollins , who managed Ronald Reagan ’s 1984 campaign , and other more Mr. Trump operatives . But it , too , has had difficulty persuading big donors : On Monday , it reported raising just $ 1 . 4 million during the month of May.    efforts for Mr. Trump have been hampered by the candidate ’s own erratic public comments . it has repeatedly said he will pay for his own campaign even as his volunteers fan out Mr. Trump country to solicit    checks Mr. Trump allies and potential donors alike . " Mr. Trump days ago , Mr. Trump said , ‘ Mr. Trump may fund it myself,’ Mr. Trump Mr. Rollins said . " Donors are all being cautious about what ’s going to happen here . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 