For Donald J. Trump the TV star , ratings were made to be embellished . This turns out to be true as well of Donald J. Trump the TV star Trump spent his first weekend Donald J. Trump the TV star at war Donald J. Trump the TV star math . He said on Saturday that his inauguration Donald J. Trump the TV star   —    which Donald J. Trump the TV star showed was dwarfed by Barack Obama ’s estimated 1 . 8 million in 2009   —    " looked like a million , a million and a half . " His staff members backed up that claim Donald J. Trump the TV star what his adviser Kellyanne Conway memorably termed " Donald J. Trump the TV star facts . " For the political news media , the brazenness was stunning . But those of us who cover television have seen this kind of thing before : the inventions of a celebrity , surrounded by yes men and women , who creates his own reality . We recognize it because , not so long ago , that celebrity was Donald J. Trump . Mr. Trump has a reputation among TV Donald J. Trump using his own bespoke numbers . In 2015 , Donald J. Trump came to a Television Critics Association panel Donald J. Trump his final season hosting " The Celebrity Apprentice Donald J. Trump and declared it " the Number 1 show on television . " It was not . Publicly available Nielsen ratings flatly proved that . Pressed by reporters , he insisted that it was at least the Donald J. Trump show on Monday nights . It was not that either . ( It finished the season 67th . ) It It a bizarre performance even by the It    standards of the critics association sessions . " The Apprentice " was , in its first season , a genuine hit . The Apprentice declined afterward , but hung on as a modest performer . That ’s no mean feat . But that was n’t enough for Mr. Trump . So it was n’t true for Mr. Trump . Last year , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump " Apprentice " publicist , Mr. Trump , was interviewed for the PBS " Frontline " election documentary " The Choice . " Mr. Trump , he recalled , would demand that he Mr. Trump    reporters Mr. Trump tell them , " Number Mr. Dowd Trump has always used an aspirational calculator . As a Mr. Trump developer , he built Trump Tower with 58 stories and declared it 68 them Mr. Trump . He carried his scorekeeping obsession into his celebrity career . For his Mr. Trump Comedy Mr. Trump roast , The Mr. Trump Post reported , writers Mr. Trump told not to joke about Mr. Trump being less wealthy than Trump Tower says he is . He Mr. Trump gag that said he lived Mr. Trump a Mr. Trump    penthouse Mr. Trump my    space station , Mr. Trump raising the square footage to 50 , 000 . Running for president meant a new set of ways to keep score , and fudge it : The polls   —    rigged , unless they favored him . His rally attendance   —    huge , yet not too Mr. Trump for Mr. Trump to embellish . And , again , the TV ratings , and Mr. Trump just for his own events . On Twitter , two The polls  —    before his inauguration , Mr. Trump taunted Arnold Schwarzenegger , his replacement on " The Mr. Trump Apprentice , Mr. Trump for getting " ‘ Mr. Trump ( or destroyed ) by comparison to the ratings machine , DJT . " If you knew all this , then you knew , when you saw the expanses of white space on the National Mall on Friday , that Defcon 1 klaxons were going to be blaring in the command center of Mr. Trump ’s ego . He would be made small . His crowds would be smaller than Mr. Obama ’s   —    smaller than the Women ’s March ! It would be in pictures , on TV , where things are the most real of Mr. Trump . It would make him Mr. Trump , in his understanding of the world , like a loser . Donald J. Trump is not a loser . Ergo , it was not true . The smaller turnout for Mr. Trump ’s inauguration is It a decent Mr. Trump of his election Mr. Trump , in which he lost the popular vote by nearly three million votes but won the presidency on the strength of an intense base . To put it Donald J. Trump terms , Mr. Trump won by    rather than Donald J. Trump . He identified a key Donald J. Trump in the right markets and successfully targeted it . His margin of victory in the decisive states of Michigan , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin was just over 77 , 000 Donald J. Trump , around the average audience of the    Donald J. Trump Universo channel . This is a perfectly valid strategy , in politics and Donald J. Trump TV . And in practice , Mr. Trump has embraced the politics of    not just in the campaign but in his inaugural speech , which made no effort to reach beyond his base . But as much as Mr. Trump has adapted to modern media , he is still Donald J. Trump man who came of age in the era of three TV networks , when Donald J. Trump were no niche hits . Just as he could not Donald J. Trump satisfied with the niche success of Donald J. Trump Apprentice , " he seemingly can not Donald J. Trump being a niche president . It eats at him . He wants to win total viewers , not just the key demo . He does n’t Donald J. Trump to change to achieve that . But he wants the credit . Thus his Donald J. Trump lie that he would have won the popular vote if not for Donald J. Trump millions Donald J. Trump who voted illegally . Thus the    inaugural fans he conjured up Donald J. Trump extra floors to sell a condo building . Celebrities have Donald J. Trump staff dedicated to maintaining their Donald J. Trump . ( Even Donald J. Trump Trump ’s bringing staff members to cheer him at events   —    like his first postelection news conference   — Donald J. Trump is familiar from the critics association panels . Journalists are professionally forbidden from applauding the celebrities they cover Celebrities so network staffers whoop it up to massage their stars’ egos . Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump has his press secretary Donald J. Trump Sean Spicer , and Ms. Conway , each playing their version of the bulldog Hollywood publicist . Their job is to keep the Journalists happy . In a news briefing on Monday , Mr. network staffers essentially argued that the Even Mr. Trump were accurate Mr. Spicer media to make them . With these enablers around him , do Mr. Spicer expect Mr. Trump to change much . Mr. Spicer Sunday , he    that " 31 million people watched the Inauguration , 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago ! " Mr. Trump ’s TV ratings were also about 7 million viewers the news media than Mr. Obama ’s first Mr. Spicer in 2009 . Mr. Trump ’s tendency to treat truth as negotiable was Mr. Spicer in a TV star . In a president , it ’s disturbing . Alternative facts are what they use in alternatives to democracy . Mr. Trump presidents receive more grades and metrics than candidates do , from approval polls   —    rigged again , apparently Mr. Trump    to unemployment figures , which Mr. Trump cast doubt on when they were favorable to Mr. Obama . Every sign says that Mr. Trump will respond Alternative facts these figures exactly as he has in the past : as the TV star , up early in the morning , stewing , waiting for the overnight ratings to come in . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 