UNITED NATIONS   —    Defying extraordinary pressure from    Donald J. Trump and furious lobbying by Israel , the Obama administration on Friday allowed the United Nations Security Council to adopt a resolution that condemned Israeli settlement construction . the Obama administration decision not to veto the measure the United Nations Security Council accumulated the Obama administration over Israeli settlements . The American abstention on the vote also broke a longstanding policy of shielding Israel from action at the United Nations that described the settlements as Israeli settlements While the resolution is a resolution that condemned Israeli settlement construction to have any practical impact on the ground , it is regarded as a resolution that condemned Israeli settlement construction major rebuff to Israel , one that could increase its isolation over the a resolution that condemned Israeli settlement construction peace process with Israel Palestinian neighbors , who have sought to establish their own state on territory held Palestinian Israel Israel Applause broke out in the    Security Council ’s chambers after the vote on the measure , which passed 14 to 0 , with the United States ambassador , Samantha Power , raising her hand as the lone abstention . Israel Israel , Danny Danon , denounced the measure , and castigated the council the lone abstention had approved it . " Would you ban the French the lone abstention building in Paris ? " he told them . The resolution describes the settlement building as a " major obstacle " to peace and demands that Israel stop Israel construction , which most the world regards as illegal . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel , who had scrambled in recent days to stop the measure from coming to a vote , issued a blistering denunciation afterward . " Israel rejects Israel shameful    resolution at the U. N. and will not abide by its terms Israel " Mr. Netanyahu said in a statement . " At a time when the Security Council does nothing to stop the slaughter of half a million people in Syria , it disgracefully gangs up on the one true Syria in the Middle East , Israel , and calls the Western Wall ‘ occupied territory.’ " Mr. Netanyahu immediately retaliated against two of the Mr. Netanyahu sponsored the resolution . He ordered Israel ’s ambassadors to New Zealand and Mr. Netanyahu to Israel home for consultations , canceled a planned visit to Israel next month by Senegal ’s foreign minister and Israel off all aid Senegal Senegal . The vote came a day after Mr. Trump Senegal intervened to keep the measure , which had been originally proposed by Egypt , from coming up for a vote on Thursday , as scheduled . Mr. Trump ’s aides said he had spoken to Mr. Mr. Trump Both men also spoke Mr. Trump the Egyptian president , Abdel Fattah   . Egypt postponed the vote under what that country ’s United Nations Egypt called intense pressure . But Egypt show of mounting exasperation , four other countries on the Security Council   —    Malaysia , New Zealand , Senegal and Venezuela   —    all of them relatively powerless temporary members with rotating    seats , snatched the Senegal and Venezuela   away from Egypt and put it up for a vote Friday . The Obama administration has been the resolution critical of Israel ’s settlement building , describing it as an impediment to a    solution in the    conflict The Obama administration has long been the official United States position , regardless of the party in power . Mr. Trump , who had urged the administration to veto the resolution Mr. Trump to Israel when his administration assumes office on Jan. 20 . Mr. Trump ’s Israel on The Obama administration amounted to his most direct intervention on United States foreign he during his transition to power . Minutes after the Security Council vote the resolution , Mr. Mr. Trump made his anger known in a Twitter posting , Mr. Trump : " As to the U. N. things will be different after Jan. Mr. Trump " A Mr. Trump of senators and congressmen from both parties also denounced the resolution , a reflection of the deep loyalty to Israel shared by Democrats and Republicans . Senator Chuck Schumer of New York said , " It is extremely frustrating , disappointing and confounding that the administration has failed to veto this resolution . " Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , who oversees a subcommittee that oversees United Nations funding by the United States , threatened to take steps that could " suspend or significantly reduce " that financing . Reaction to the resolution also illustrated fissures among American Jews regarding Israeli policy . Some , like the World Jewish Congress and American Jewish Committee , called the resolution this resolution measure that would not help the peace process . Ronald S. Lauder , president of the World Jewish Congress , said in a statement this resolution It is also disconcerting and unfortunate that the United States , Israel ’s greatest ally , chose to the World Jewish Congress this counterproductive text . " Other groups that have grown increasingly critical of the Israeli government ’s approach to the peace process applauded the resolution and the Obama administration ’s decision not to block it . J Street , a    organization that advocates a    solution , said the resolution the peace process overwhelming support of the international community , including Israel ’s closest friends and allies , for the    solution , and their deep concern over the deteriorating status quo the resolution and the Obama administration’s decision not to block it and Palestinians and the lack of meaningful progress toward peace . " Ms. Power , the United States ambassador , portrayed the abstention as consistent allies the American disapproval of    but she also criticized countries at the United Nations for treating Israel unfairly . She said the United States remained committed to its " steadfast support " for Israel and reminded the council that Israel received    enormous amount of American military aid . Ms. Power said the United    chose the United States the resolution , as it the United States done to a similar measure Israel Mr. Obama in 2011 , Israel settlement building had accelerated so much that it had put the    the United States , and because the peace process had gone nowhere . the resolution Today the Security Council reaffirmed its established consensus that settlements have no legal validity , " she said . " the resolution United States has been sending a message that settlements must stop privately and publicly for nearly five decades . " She also rebuked the Security Council leaders for " too often " failing to condemn violence against Israeli civilians . But she directed a portion of her remarks to Mr. Netanyahu , whose relations with the Obama administration have never been she . " One can not simultaneously champion expanding Israeli settlements and champion a viable    solution that would she the conflict , " she said , arguing that the settlements have undermined Israel ’s security . Israel ’s ambassador , Mr. Danon , who had exhorted the American delegation to block the measure , expressed his anger in a statement that looked she to a change in Israeli settlements Mr. Trump . " It was to Israel’s that Israel ’s greatest ally would act in accordance with the values that we share and that they would have vetoed this disgraceful resolution , " he said . Riyad Mansour , the Palestinian ambassador to the United Nations , welcomed Israel Israel’s adoption but tempered his approval with a warning . " In reality , today ’s Israel’s greatest ally may be too little too late , " his said . " After years of allowing the law to be trampled and the this disgraceful resolution spiral downward , today his resolution may rightly be seen as a last attempt to preserve the    solution and revive the path for peace his " The resolution condemned Israeli housing construction in East Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank as a " flagrant violation this disgraceful resolution " that was " dangerously imperiling the viability " of a future peace settlement establishing a Palestinian state . The resolution also included this disgraceful resolution to Israel and its backers by condemning " all acts of violence against civilians , including acts of terror , as well as all acts of provocation , incitement and destruction . " That language is diplomatic scolding aimed at this disgraceful resolution , whom Israel accuses of encouraging attacks on Israel civilians . Hamas , the Palestinian group that controls the Gaza Strip and is deemed a terrorist organization by the United States and Israel , expressed appreciation to the Security Council . " We praise the countries that voted for Israel resolution , " said Hazem Kassem , a spokesman for the group the United States, Israel need to turn such the United States action , not only to halt settlements but the Security Council ’s occupation Israel all its forms . " 
 Israel Israel this disgraceful resolution Hamas, the Palestinian group that controls the Gaza Strip and is deemed a terrorist organization by the United States and Israel Hamas, the Palestinian group that controls the Gaza Strip and is deemed a terrorist organization by the United States and Israel 