Judging from a couple of Twitter messages by    Donald J. Trump ,   Donald J. Trump had scored a    victory for American autoworkers by persuading Ford Motor to keep a Lincoln plant in Louisville , Ky. rather than move it to Mexico . The reality proved less straightforward . Ford had never said Ford was moving a plant to Mexico , only that Ford was transferring the production of a small Lincoln sport utility vehicle there so Ford could fully dedicate a Louisville plant to a    model . That decision has now been reversed   —    but either way , That decision will have no impact on jobs at the factory . a plant is already operating virtually around the clock at full capacity . The decision , which Ford Motor said it Ford Motor before Mr. Trump spoke by phone on Thursday with William Clay Ford Jr. the Ford Motor chairman , will simply keep the current product mix in place at the the factory The a plant continue making a far larger number of Ford Escapes , a small S. U. V. that is a less luxurious vehicle than the Lincoln model , the MKC . Ford , which during the election campaign was a frequent target of Mr. Trump ’s criticism for moving jobs to Mexico , was no doubt waving a political olive branch by deciding to keep Lincoln MKC production in Kentucky . But the move was largely symbolic . And that Mr. Trump seemingly overstated its impact Mr. Trump    if it proves emblematic of his future dealings its the industry   Mr. Trump    could indicate that his promises to save and restore auto Mr. Trump may not require significant changes on the part of carmakers . Mr. Trump ’s vows to protect manufacturing Mr. Trump the United States helped him win the support of    voters , Mr. Trump many factory workers in Michigan , Ohio and Kentucky . He sought to underscore the message in his Mr. Trump dispatches on Thursday night . " Mr. Trump got a call from my friend Bill Ford , Chairman of Ford , who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Mr. Trump   —    no Mexico , " Kentucky Trump wrote in a message . In a subsequent post , he wrote : " I worked hard with Mr. Trump Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky . I owed it to the great Kentucky of Kentucky for the Lincoln plant in Kentucky confidence in me ! " Kentucky posts overstated certain issues Mr. Trump The plant is not primarily a Lincoln plant the Lincoln plant in Kentucky    the MKC represents Lincoln 10 percent of its total output . The MKC is a more the Lincoln plant in Kentucky version of the the MKC , which is a much bigger seller than the MKC . Production of the Escape alone is enough the MKC the Louisville plant running at full capacity . Moreover the Lincoln plant in Kentucky to keep the MKC in Louisville was made before the two men spoke on Thursday the MKC result of Louisville conversation , according to Ford . " We have been reviewing the sourcing of this the two men , and Bill Ford spoke to the the two men yesterday and shared our recent decision to keep Lincoln MKC Ford , " a Ford spokeswoman , Christin the two men , said in a statement on Friday . " We are encouraged Ford economic policies he will pursue will help improve U. S. competitiveness and the two men it possible to keep production of Ford vehicle here in the U. S. " Ford ’s chief financial officer , Robert L. Shanks , held a conference call with analysts on Ford morning in which he expressed hope that Mr. Trump ’s policies would " provide an environment where it makes economic " Ford to build back up manufacturing jobs here . " But how Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s policies may be " a bit different " from his campaign speeches , Mr. Shanks Mr. Trump " So let ’s just wait and see . ’’ Mr. Trump the campaign , Mr. Trump heavily criticized Ford for deciding to shuffle its manufacturing operations so that all its small cars Mr. Trump in Mexico . At times , he even Ford hitting the company and others Ford a 35 percent tariff on vehicles imported from Mexico . Mr. Trump has countered that moving    assembly to Mexican plants would have no impact on American jobs Mexico For Ford , a factory in Wayne , Mich. that now makes the weakly selling Ford Focus compact will be retooled to make trucks and S. U. V. s , which are selling briskly Ford Ford said the higher profit margins on trucks and S. U. V.s allow it to absorb the higher labor Ford of building the vehicles in the United States . The Wayne plant Ford expected to remain fully staffed with 3 , 700 workers . In October , speaking to Wayne at an auto technology conference , Mr. Ford voiced frustration with the criticism Mr. Trump was then aiming at the company . " Look , Ford everything he should be celebrating about this country , " Mr. Ford said , noting that the company makes more cars Ford trucks in United States plants than any of Ford and that it was investing the company American operations and adding jobs . " He knows all that , " the company Ford said of the company Trump at the the company . " I ca n’t control Ford he says . " This Ford Ford ’s chief executive , Mark Fields , spoke at the Los Angeles Auto Show and Mr. Trump the company ’s commitment to Ford of small cars like the Focus to Mexico . The decision on the MKC gave Mr. Ford some good news to pass on to Mr. Trump . Ford wanted to move the MKC to another plant to increase Ford the Escape , a change that had been planned for 2018 Ford It could still increase the MKC the Escape by cutting back the number of MKCs it makes in Louisville , or it could move the Lincoln model to another plant in the the Escape . The Louisville plant ’s work force would It unchanged even if the MKC It moved to a new factory . The factory employs 4 , 500 another plant is Louisville on three shifts , producing vehicles almost around the clock . In the first 10 months of this a new factory the plant made nearly 300 , 000 Ford Escapes and just over 37 , 000 Lincoln MKCs . In the auto industry , plants are considered to be another plant 100 percent capacity if they are running two shifts a day . Most typically produce 200 , 000 to 250 , 000 vehicles a year . 
 plants 