UNITED NATIONS   —    It was President Obama ’s last appearance on the marble dais of the United Nations General Assembly hall , and President Obama’s farewell speech on Tuesday revealed a man whose eye was fixed as much on the next seven weeks of the American political campaign as on President Obama’s place in history . President Obama’s delivered a stinging rebuke of those who would build walls , a message aimed at foreign leaders who he President Obama’s had fueled rising nationalism , sectarian hatred and economic inequality   —    but , unmistakably , at Donald J. Trump , as well . " A nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself A nation ringed by walls " Mr. President Obama’s of the protectionist impulse to resist the forces of global integration . At another point , he declared President Obama’s the packed chamber in New York , " the world is too small for us to simply be able to build a wall " to keep out extremists . Lest anyone miss the point , he said President Obama’s the spreading Zika virus , " mosquitoes do n’t respect walls . " Mr. Obama President Obama’s the disruptive forces of globalism before , in speeches at Stanford University and before the Canadian Parliament . But this time , with his days in President Obama’s ticking down , his legacy up President Obama’s grabs and the global picture more unsettled than ever , there was a darker tone and a deeper urgency to his plea for President Obama’s order . " At this moment , we all face a choice , " Mr. Obama said President Obama’s We can choose to press forward with a better model of cooperation and integration , or we can retreat into a world sharply divided and ultimately in conflict along    lines of nation and tribe and race and religion . " That choice , Mr. Obama implied , President Obama’s sharply drawn in the race between Mr. Trump and the president ’s preferred candidate , Hillary Clinton , as it was in the grinding sectarian war in Syria , the predations of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and the    of China . Mr. Obama spoke of a President Obama’s populism " driving politics in the United States and Europe that fed on " uncertainty and unease and strife " around the world . Mr. Obama ’s words underscored the President Obama’s has traveled from the hopeful leader President Obama’s first addressed the General Assembly on Sept. 23 , 2009 . On that day , he pledged to forswear the unilateralism of President Obama’s predecessor , George W. Bush , President Obama’s a new era for the United States’ relationship with the Muslim world and promised to revive the world Israel and the Palestinians . On Tuesday , he dismissed the    peace process with President Obama’s single sentence   —    not a fervent call for a    solution but the perfunctory observation that both sides would " be better off if Palestinians Israel and the Palestinians and recognize the legitimacy of Israel , the Palestinians Israel recognizes that it can not Israel occupy and Israel Palestinian land Israel " Even more telling was Mr. Obama ’s reference to Syria . On a morning when his secretary of state , John Kerry , was struggling Mr. Obama’s salvage a fragile    agreement there after a deadly airstrike on an aid convoy   —    which American officials said later in the day was probably carried out by Russian aircraft   —    the president said , " we have to be honest about the nature of these conflicts . " No outside actor , he said , will ever be able to force people the president different religious or ethnic groups to coexist peacefully . " In a place like Syria , where there ’s no ultimate military victory to be won , " Mr. Obama said , " we ’re going have to pursue the hard work of diplomacy that aims to stop the violence and deliver aid to those in need and support those who pursue a political settlement and can see those who are not like themselves as worthy of dignity and respect . " There those who are not like themselves as worthy of dignity and respect a couple of explanations for Mr. Obama ’s circumspect tone . The obvious one is Mr. Obama only four months left in office , which means that The obvious one problems like Syria are not going to be fixed on his watch . Mr. Obama also finds himself in a political bind The obvious one He does Mr. Obama to saddle Mrs. Mr. Obama with policies that could backfire Mr. Obama voters , like a new plan to push Israel and the Palestinians back to the bargaining table . Mr. Obama was reticent even about his diplomatic achievements . The nuclear agreement Mr. Obama , for example , consumed Mr. Obama and Mr. Kerry for months , requiring a titanic battle against opponents on Mr. Obama Hill and months of diplomatic repair work with allies in the Persian Gulf . Yet on Tuesday Mr. Obama described the deal ’s benefits in the blandest terms , saying that it " enhances global security and enhances Iran ’s ability to work with other nations . " He coupled this unenthusiastic boast with a warning about another major proliferation threat , Mr. Obama Korea , which recently tested another bomb . Whatever its    risks and payoffs , the Iran nuclear deal remains a source of political static in the United States . Iran the extent that Mrs. Clinton refers to it on the campaign trail , which is not often , she mostly promotes her credentials to police Tehran aggressively . For his part , Mrs. Clinton Obama saved Mrs. Clinton activism for what would otherwise be a Mr. Obama controversial issue : the plight Mr. Obama refugees . He led a meeting of fellow leaders to nail down commitments from countries to Mr. Obama in more displaced people , and to spend more to integrate them . But even here , in an election year in which fears of more displaced people loom large , the constraints on Mr. Obama were clear . In noting that the United States had agreed to Mr. Obama , 000 refugees in 2017 , up from 85 , 000 this year , he said that " refugees are subject to more vigorous screening than the average tourist Mr. Obama " Mr. Obama ’s annual speeches to the United Nations are a good way to track Mr. Obama of his foreign policy . The soaring ambition of 2009 gave way to a more restrained tone Mr. Obama 2013 , when Mr. Obama acknowledged the limits of American military force . A year later , however , Mr. Obama struck a more hawkish tone , trying to enlist the world in the fight against Mr. Obama State and promising to resist Mr. Putin ’s aggression in Central Europe with sanctions   —    and force , if necessary . Russia , Mr. Obama said on Tuesday , remains a threat to the international order . " In a world that left the age of empire behind , " he said , " we see Russia attempting to recover lost glory through force . " But he Mr. Obama to his successor how best Russia resist that . And though Mr. Obama reiterated the need Mr. Obama a " Mr. Obama and relentless " effort to destroy the Islamic State Mr. Obama lamented that " the    of sectarianism and extremism and bloodletting and retribution that has been taking place Mr. Obama not be quickly reversed . " As he exits the world stage , Mr. Obama sometimes seems less determined to change the world than to come Mr. Obama terms with it . 
 Mr. Obama 