Every Friday , pop critics for The New York Times weigh in on the week ’s most notable new songs and videos   —    and anything else that strikes them as intriguing . You can listen to this Playlist on Spotify here . Like this Playlist ? Let us know at theplaylist@nytimes . com , and sign up for our us newsletter ( coming soon ! ) here . The electronic musician who calls himself Burial deals in blurry , melancholy , ominous implications . His himself release since 2013 is a pair of tracks that are never far from dissolving into entropy . " Young Death " can be glimpsed from the farthest fringe of dance music most of it has fairly steady but nearly subliminal beats , though they are submerged deep in the mix . Much closer to the foreground are crackly sounds   —    a storm ? a burning city ?   —    and voices singing words that would be soothing if they did n’t sound so utterly lost : " Do n’t fear , " " Do n’t cry , " " I will always be there for you . " The beat is absorbed by the static , to be replaced by one that ’s slower and even less supportive . " I ’ll be there , promise I ’ll be , " a voice offers before the haze swallows it , too . " Nightmarket " is an even more shadowy , attenuated travelogue . Its Nightmarket of blippy arpeggios are separated by lengthy stretches with echoes of wind chimes , distant keening voices , screams , whispers and stray spoken words   —    " Come with me , " " the frontier , " " over here ! "   —    that only lead deeper into the void . JON PARELES The title of Laura Marling ’s ravishing new song is n’t meant as a descriptor , but rather a note of anguish   —    like the word " water " as rasped by someone crawling across a desert . " Oh my hopeless wanderer , " she sings at the start of the track , tracing an upward arpeggio in a minor key . " You ca n’t come in , you do n’t live here anymore . " Still , Ms. Marling toys with aspects of seduction in the ravishing new song arrangement , which leans heavy on a sinuous electric bass , and in the video , which she directed she . she by a series of dreams she had she making her new she   —    " Semper Femina , " due out in March   —    it ’s her new album   vision of human bodies as sculptural forms , and also an argument for physical intimacy as just another mode of performance . NATE CHINEN If you are the sort of person who expends much energy stressing about the fact that rapper du jour Lil Yachty had not , until recently , listened to the music of the Notorious B. I. G. then little in this    freestyle   —    on the Beats 1 radio show of his longtime Lil Yachty Ebro Darden   —    will change your mind . Rather than concede to the beat   —    Craig Mack ’s " Flava In Ya Ear , " the remix of which featured B. I. G.   —    and perform a flow that recalled the original , in an act of homage , Yachty goes rogue , rapping in elongated sentences that stretch past the ordinary beat boundaries . It ’s not quite virtuoso , but it ’s It   —    the sound of a rapper following the beat in his head , not his earphones his I ’m in a Benz and I ’m getting ’m BentleyI’m reading texts from last night , she said ‘ I love how you bent me’I just bought a Benz a Benz Benz ‘ please take me’You wanna buy it but you it n’t , so you ’re rentingYou take it back in rentingYou months , if there ’s no denting JON CARAMANICA " Arkansas , " by the rising Texas country singer Troy Cartwright , is wonderfully patient . On this song , from his recent EP rentingYou " Do n’t Fade , " he muses about rentingYou stability of a relationship ( " Is this love or is this convenience ? ") and , after a couple of minutes , comes to no conclusions . And yet his voice is rentingYou free of anxiety   —    he ’ll wait rentingYou long as it takes , play it as it it . it ’s clearest when he ’s not rentingYou at all : the    at the song ’s end that ’s just melancholy , stretched out ambient notes with cricket noises screaming for attention in the background . J. C. You wo n’t hear Paul Simon ’s voice until after the    mark on " Stranger , " a hypnotic new track featuring elements of his recent songs Paul Simon’s The Werewolf " and " The Clock . " Made by Nico Segal and Nate Fox of the Social Experiment   —    a Chicago group best known for its affiliation with the Social Experiment   the Rapper   —    it ’s a the Social Experiment   and    but also an imaginative new creation . Those first two minutes involve some sharp , brooding horn playing by Mr. Segal , who until recently went by the name Donnie Trumpet . The production on the track is dreamy but also clearly drawn , so that Mr. Simon ’s voice , when it does surface , practically crackles in the mix . N. C. " When and where did we go cold ? " Oliver Sim of the xx wonders in " On Hold , " the single previewing the xx ’s album " I See You , " due Jan. 13 . It ’s a familiar sentiment for the xx , an English band known for    introspection and dialogues of estrangement sung by Mr. Sim and Romy Madley Croft . But now the band is visible by daylight , and they even smile the band and then . The video clip for " On Hold " is set under the cloudless blue skies of Marfa , Tex . the town known for Donald Judd ’s Chinati Foundation , a Minimalist monument . When Mr. Sim and Ms. Madley Croft are n’t trading recriminations and regrets ( via landlines ) the video shows glimpses of    life , including a romance between a football player and a cheerleader . Meanwhile , the song presents the xx as no longer rigorously minimalistic . A dance beat periodically surges in the mix , echoing what Jamie xx has been doing as a solo act and club D. J. meanwhile , a sample from Hall   Oates ’s " I Ca n’t Go for That " suggests that the xx is n’t entirely isolated from pop after all . J. P. The new album by the cornetist and composer Taylor Ho Bynum is " Enter the PlusTet , " a rich textural odyssey featuring a    orchestra . It ’s a grand statement , but hardly the only thing Mr. Bynum has been working on . A couple of months ago , at Pioneer Works in Brooklyn , he introduced a smaller band he calls Rank he , whose ranks include the electric bassist Stomu Takeishi and the cellist Marika Hughes . This video captures the opening song in the set : a    hallucinatory cover of " Black Lake , " by Björk . Stick with the clip for the full      minutes , and you ’ll begin to understand how improvisers like Mr. Bynum can turn a brief scrap of melody into something as churning and vast as an oceanic swell . N. C. Jamire Williams is a drummer with a    capacity for groove , which has served him well as N. C. Jamire Williams sideman . He also has N. C. Jamire Williams own band N. C. Jamire Williams Erimaj   —    but on "       EFFECTUAL , " he pares down N. C. Jamire Williams entirely to solo drum kit , creating a series of poetic experiments in rhythm and tonal color . The album , produced by Carlos Niño , recalls jazz precursors like Max Roach as well as    loops and West African folk drumming . And while there is n’t much in the way of melody , the closing track , " Collaborate With God , " features some atmospheric keyboard work by Chassol , the French soundtrack composer who can also be heard on Frank Ocean ’s recent visual album , " Endless . " N. C. A technological collapse is just the entry point to a personal one in " A Lost Machine , " from a Grandaddy album due in March . The music unites fragility and majesty , placing Jason Lytle ’s high , quavery voice atop a piano hymn that swells into a vastly reverberant processional , like Neil Young leading Pink Floyd . The lyrics start out by sketching a    landscape , where wandering people desperately seek shelter in a " canyon land " littered with old , obsolete gadgets . But that ’s their problem : Halfway through , Mr. Lytle turns Jason Lytle’s into a Jason Lytle’s and laments : " Everything about us is a lost    about we is a forgotten us . " A broken world ca n’t compare to a broken heart . J. P. 
 