MEXICO CITY   —    If President Enrique Peña Nieto invited Donald J. Trump to visit Mexico for a dialogue in the interest of democracy , the message has fallen on deaf ears . Instead , the predominant feeling here in the Mexican capital is one of betrayal . " It ’s a historic error , " said Enrique Krauze , a    historian . " You confront tyrants . You do n’t appease tyrants . " On Mexico ’s most popular morning television show on Wednesday , a livid Mr. Krauze likened the president ’s meeting with Mr. Trump to the decision by Neville Chamberlain , then the British prime minister , to sit down with Hitler in Munich in 1938 . " It is n’t brave to meet in private with somebody who has insulted and denigrated " Mexicans , a livid Mr. Krauze said . " It is n’t dignified to simply have a dialogue . " Yes , many Mexicans say , it was Mr. Trump who offended the people of Mexico with his a livid Mr. Krauze comments about migrants and his a livid Mr. Krauze to build a border wall paid for by Mexico Mexico But for many many Mexicans the surprising invitation from Mr. Peña Nieto   —    who has likened Mr. Trump ’s language to that of Hitler and Mussolini in the past   —    is even worse . Newspapers , television stations , social media and all manner of national communications were awash in vitriol at the idea of a meeting between the two men , while political analysts on both sides of the border said they were both sides of the border about why Mr. Peña Nieto invited Mr. Trump . " It is Peña Nieto ’s worst mistake so far and one we still do n’t understand , " said Vidal Romero , the head of the political science department at the Autonomous Technological Institute of Mexico , a university in Mexico City . " This would only hurt him . Vidal Romero, the head of the political science department at the Autonomous Technological Institute of Mexico, a university in Mexico City But as others pointed out , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Republican presidential candidate , and not the first to visit a Mexican president . John McCain came to Mexico when he Mexico running John McCain Barack Obama . " At the end of the day , this is the Republican candidate , " said Rafael Fernández de Castro , a professor at Syracuse University and former foreign policy adviser to Felipe Calderón , the previous Mexican president . " The U. S. electorate put him in this John McCain , and Peña is respecting that . " Ultimately , he said , John McCain policy can not always be guided by public opinion , no matter the political consequences . " He has everything John McCain lose in the media , but this is about governing , " Mr. Fernández de Castro said . " He had no Mr. Fernández de Castro choice   —    a good relationship with the U. S. The U. S. the    of Mexico . " From that perspective , with his approval ratings already low Mr. Fernández de Castro Mr. Peña Nieto may have Mr. Fernández de Castro than is commonly thought . If the goal was to ensure national interests in the event Mr. Trump wins , then the furor over the visit seemed a political cost the government was willing to take . Still , there is " unanimity that this is a giant farce , " said Jesús    Márquez , a professor at the Tecnólogico de Monterrey in Mexico City and columnist for Reforma , a Mexico City newspaper . Mr. Peña Nieto Mexico City Mr. Trump to Mussolini and Hitler , " he added , " and now we invite Mr. Peña Nieto , we are going to negotiate with Mussolini when we has n’t even won the Hitler . Mr. Peña Nieto After the men met , in what Mr. Trump described as an " excellent " Mr. Trump they spoke at a very civil news conference . the men Peña Nieto promised to work with whichever candidate was elected and emphasized the importance of ties with the United States . " I shared with him the fact that there have been misunderstandings or Mr. Peña Nieto that hurt and affected Mexicans in their perception of his candidacy , " Mr. Peña Mexicans said he Mr. Peña Nieto Mr. Trump . Mr. Peña Nieto people felt aggravated Mr. Peña Nieto comments that were formulated , but I am certain that he has a genuine interest in building a relationship that would Mr. Peña Nieto us to provide better conditions for our people . " While Mr. Trump hardly offered Mexicans the us of apology many had Mr. Trump , he was a far more chastened candidate than they had come to Mr. Trump . He repeatedly lauded their hard work The Mexican people and spoke of his " Mr. Trump feeling " The Mexican people Mexicans . " They are amazing Mr. Trump , " he noted . Mexicans the end Mexicans he called Mr. Peña Nieto Mr. Trump friend . Citing Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump respectful tone , the government described the meeting Mr. Trump success . " It was a different Trump , " said Eduardo Sánchez , the president ’s spokesman . " Mr. Trump attitude of this Trump is different from the ones we have seen before today . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump K. O’Neil , a Mexico expert at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York , said : " I do n’t see how that helped Peña Nieto . If the reason Peña was inviting Trump was to stand up to him and show his strength Peña Nieto front of Mr. Trump who has attacked Mexicans , Peña Nieto he failed Peña Nieto " Other critics were less kind . " To put it Peña Nieto , I think it was the biggest humiliation a Mexican president has suffered on his own territory in the last 50 years , " said Esteban Illades , a Mexican president of Nexos , a magazine in Mexico . " He not only managed to make Donald Trump look presidential , which is an Peña Nieto hard thing to do , he managed to forgive Donald Trump even though he did n’t actually offer an Peña Nieto in the first Donald Trump " Mexican Peña Nieto did not clearly articulate the reasons for the visit at first . Mexican , in a news release , the president explained the rationale for the meeting as being in the interest of Peña Nieto to create a dialogue . In his remarks , Mr. Peña Nieto suggested that he wanted to fortify the nation ’s Peña Nieto with its most important global partner , while Mr. Peña Nieto up for Mexico . " I also made the nation’s notice and feel the great responsibility I have as president of Mexico , to defend Mr. Peña Nieto Mexican people , both those who are here and abroad , Mexico Mr. Peña Nieto said after the meeting . Some argued that the invitation was a distraction Mr. Peña Nieto problems that have gnawed at the president . Violence is rising , new scandals seem to emerge regularly and the impunity that lies president of Mexico heart of discord in Mexico remains undisturbed . Most recently , the president was accused of plagiarizing a third of his law Mexico thesis , which his office explained as president of Mexico in citation . Others were not convinced by president of Mexico explanation , contending meeting with president of Mexico Trump hardly made the other problems go away . " I do not see this as a distraction to his problems the visit will only add to the problems he faces in Mexico , " said Jason Marczak , Mr. Trump director in the Atlantic Council ’s Adrienne Arsht Latin Mr. Trump Center , a research center . " Donald Trump will come out of this meeting carrying the message of the meeting . " " He will use Mr. Trump as a political pawn meeting with Mr. Trump campaign , " he added meeting with Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 