If you were an alien and had just beamed down to Doral , Fla. the gold letters on a Spanish    building amid 800 acres of golf courses would leave no doubt as to who owns the resort : TRUMP . You might , however , find yourself wondering if this Trump fellow is a reality television star , a titan of industry or a vintner . Trump chardonnay and Trump sauvignon blanc ( about $ 25 each ) line the shelves of the Marketplace Cafe at Trump National Doral Miami . Trump nail polish sets ( $ 25 ) glittery Trump pouches ( $ 30 ) and Empire by Trump eau de toilette ( $ 62 ) are sold in a gift shop . A lounge area is replete with framed magazine covers of Donald J. Trump . There Donald J. Trump is on Newsweek , mouth agape , pointing at the viewer , beside the words , " You ’re Fired ! " There Donald J. Trump is in a tuxedo on the cover of Playboy with Brandi Brandt , a former Playmate , who appears to be clad in nothing more than Donald J. Trump suit jacket . And there Donald J. Trump is gazing at the camera , chin in hand , on the cover of GQ in an issue about " men who take risks and make millions . " But it is the 2011 cover of a golf magazine , Fairways and Greens , that really grabs the viewer . Mr. Trump , with a golf club at his side , is shown next to the words : " President Trump ? " Turns out , it was a prescient question . Mr. Trump ’s candidacy has drawn attention not only to Mr. Trump’s policy positions , but also to everything that bears the Trump name , including about a dozen    hotels and resorts from Waikiki , Honolulu , Hawaii , to Turnberry Ayrshire , Scotland . This year , Trump Hotels   —    the hotel company founded in 2007 by Mr. Trump and three of his children ( Donald Jr. Ivanka and Eric )   —    is planning to open Trump International Hotel   Tower Vancouver , Trump Hotel Rio de Janeiro and Trump International Hotel , Washington , D. C. In coming years , the hotel company said it the hotel company expand to Asia . And next year , it the hotel company introduce a lifestyle hotel brand . While the Trump name is ubiquitous , Trump Hotels may not be as familiar to travelers as larger brands with longer histories like Marriott and Hilton . Are Trump Trump Hotels big , brash and over the top as the man for whom they ’re named ? In visits to Trump Trump in and around New York , Miami and Las Vegas , I set out to see how it feels to be a guest of the man who would be president . As you roll across the paths of Trump National Doral Miami in a golf cart emblazoned with a Trump Trump , bird calls alternate with the thwack of golf balls , and every staff members offers a friendly nod or hello . Acre after acre is manicured with    flower beds , orderly rows of palm trees and clipped greens where golf luminaries like Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods have trod . A fallen palm frond the size of a surfboard had n’t been on the ground more than a few minutes before an employee pulled up in a golf cart , lifted it onto A fallen palm frond the size of a surfboard roof and drove off , trailing an electric whir , and then , silence . It was a muggy spring afternoon , and the quietude belied the news that had broken days earlier . A staff member said the PGA Tour , which has held an annual tournament at Doral for more than half a century ( the Trumps bought the property in 2012 ) was planning to move it   the property    to Mexico . Mr. Trump , who last year had choice words for Mexican immigrants , broke the news on May 31 that the Tour is moving : " They ’re Mr. Trump, who last year had choice words for Mexican immigrants it to Mexico City which , by the way , I hope they have Mr. Trump, who last year had choice words for Mexican immigrants insurance , " he told Fox News . The PGA Tour commissioner said the move was   not a political statement . The next day , however , Ricardo Salinas , the chief executive of the Mexican conglomerate that ’s moving the tournament , tweeted at Mr. Trump : " You ’re welcome to join us at the WGC , " he wrote Mr. Trump referring to the World Golf Championships . " Only good things can turn out , if you know the real Mexico . " Though the PGA Tour may be a thing of the past , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump some $ 250 million into the resort ’s future . In April , nearly 50 " spa suites " were opened near the Trump Spa , part of the property ’s extensive renovation . The suites , decorated in rich blues with abstract art that evokes the ocean , include soaking tubs use of the Trump Spa lounge areas and , in the evening , Trump wine . Mr. Trump the suites ( nearly 50 "spa suites" in a    in June was $ 425 ) one finds Trump Hotel Collection products like bath crystals and a Trump yoga mat Mr. Trump , one of several amenities to encourage " wellness . " Gold is used sparingly : Objets d’art and glass boxes for storing jewelry or sunglasses lend an understated glamour . Perhaps it ’s not surprising then that the spa suites were overseen not by Mr. Trump , whose aesthetic is more aligned with opulent hotels in the Middle East and Asia , but by Ivanka Trump , an executive vice president of development and acquisitions for the Trump Organization . Admiring a decorative gold sphere , I turned over a nearby vase to see if it had a mark a decorative gold sphere a designer like Kelly Wearstler or Jonathan Adler . It had a sticker a decorative gold sphere West Elm . Maybe someone ought to have peeled it off . But a decorative gold sphere ’m glad they did n’t : Design trends today mix high and low with abandon one can picture young décor buffs sharing photos of the suites on Pinterest . The gold sphere was $ 29 to $ 39 on WestElm . com cream and gold coasters on the coffee table were $ 31 for four . A charming bud vase had a CB2 sticker ( $ 10 . 95 on CB2 . com ) . Generally speaking , the hallways and rooms of Trump Hotels are surprisingly subdued , save for the occasional Trumpian flourish : a gold toilet handle , or chandeliers that appear to have been sized for the " Game of Thrones " giant Wun Wun . Beyond the gold and glossy exteriors and marble lobbies , the private spaces are    decorated in grays , cream and chocolates . That restraint extends to other aspects of the properties . Music at the pools and restaurants is often , refreshingly , not at full volume . And the hotels are nonsmoking The hotels in Las Vegas , a city where you can burn your paycheck at any number of hotel casinos . Yet Trump International Hotel Las Vegas does n’t have Las Vegas . Rather , it sells Trump piggy banks for Trump International Hotel Las Vegas 10 Trump International Hotel The facade of the Las Vegas property is another matter Trump International Hotel Las Vegas the hotel with the unrepentant the Las Vegas property touch . The building looks like a bar of gold bullion but , after all , it ’s Vegas Mandalay Bay is equally The building . " Make America Great Again " baseball caps are proffered in the Trump Store ( $ 30 ) and adorn the bar at the poolside cafe , H2 Eau , amid bottles of vodka . " As long as you ’re going to be thinking anyway , " reads a quote from Mr. Trump splashed across a    mirror at H2 Eau , " think big . " The maxim applies to the rooms . My room in Las Vegas , upgraded to a suite at     —    possibly because the staff is attentive and it was the third time I booked a hotel as a Trump Card member ( the brand ’s free loyalty program ) or because the hotel figured out where I work a hotel did n’t book using a New York Times email or phone number , though I used my name )   —    included a    refrigerator , a Wolf stove and a Bosch dishwasher . Even at Trump SoHo New York , the smallest rooms are an impressive 420 square feet . The price of admission befits a luxury hotel . The cheapest available room on a July weekend at Trump International Hotel   Tower New York was $ 563 a night Trump SoHo New York Trump SoHo New York online search . At Trump International Hotel   Tower Chicago , it was $ 420 Trump International Hotel That said , rooms are not always out of reach . For instance , one search turned up rooms at Trump International Hotel Las Vegas for $ 165 a night . Restaurant prices are what one expects at    hotels . At BLT Prime at Trump National Doral Miami , ahi tuna was $ 37 a    New York strip steak was $ 51 . The hotels also tend to have Trump SoHo New York shops with affordable sandwiches and snacks . If , however , you get a yen for , say , the bag of gold Trump chocolate bullions in your room at Trump SoHo , it will set you back $ 35 . Sitting at a table in the Trump Bar at Trump SoHo Tower New York , the skyscraper used as Wayne Enterprises in the film " The Dark Trump SoHo New York , " Ivanka Trump said the Trump Hotels Mr. Trump n’t be pigeonholed . " The hotels millennials , " she said one spring evening during a Mr. Trump in conjunction with the N. Y. U. International Hospitality Industry Investment Conference , " people from the entertainment business , entrepreneurs , titans of industry and those at the beginning of their careers . " During recent visits to Trump Hotels , I met men and women on vacation The hotels on people from the entertainment business, entrepreneurs, titans of industry and those at the beginning of their careers , some with families . Guests spoke English , French , Chinese , Hebrew and more . The Trump Hotels website is available in Mr. Trump Chinese and Arabic , even as Mr. Trump proposes to squeeze China and bar Muslims from Mr. Trump United States . Asked to describe their guests , staffers at Trump SoHo said they are chief executives , athletes and actors . The Kardashians have been frequent visitors , though that does n’t necessarily reflect Trump SoHo . " staffers at Trump SoHo know you like the Trump hotel , but honestly how do you feel about Trump Mr. Trump for president ? , " Khloé Kardashian ’s friend Mr. Trump Malika Haqq Trump International Hotel  Tower Chicago in November on their vlog , Ebony   Ivory . Ms. Kardashian replied : " Wha —    how does that have to do with the Trump Khloé Kardashian ? " " Well , no , " she continued Khloé Kardashian I do n’t think he should be president . " Other celebrity Trump International Hotel  Tower Chicago in , too . After Mr. Trump said that he would bar Khloé Kardashian from entering the Mr. Trump , Lucy Lawless Mr. Trump who played the title role in the television series " Xena : Warrior Princess , " tweeted : " I used to stay in the United States Can never again , " and urged her more than 140 , 000 The hotels to boycott the brand . Recently , " Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " created a fake commercial for Trump Hotels with the the brand We ’re not to Khloé Kardashian ! " and apologies to groups The hotels may have offended . Indeed , some companies think Mr. Mr. Trump campaign has hurt his hotel business . Hipmunk , the Mr. Trump , said in May that Mr. Trump while overall Hipmunk hotel bookings have been on the rise     that has not been the case with bookings of Trump Hotels . " The share of Trump bookings on Hipmunk as a percent of total bookings was down 59 percent The hotels year . In New York City and Las Vegas , Trump Hotels’ share as a percentage of each city ’s total hotel bookings tumbled more than 70 percent Hipmunk But Trump Las Vegas say the brand has never been stronger . Four of its hotels were among the Trump International Hotel  Tower Chicago 4 percent The hotels that made AAA ’s Five Diamond list this the brand Asked at The hotels Tower if Mr. Trump ’s presidential campaign has helped or hurt the hotels , Ivanka Trump said Mr. Trump ’s been an upward trajectory , " adding that it may Mr. Trump the case without Mr. Trump The hotels Behind the     sheets , there Trump Tower controversy , from the bankruptcy of Mr. Trump ’s hotels and casinos in Atlantic City , N. J. to a lawsuit involving Trump Mr. Trump who alleged they had been defrauded . More recently , Mr. Trump is suing Mr. Trump’s campaign José Andrés and Geoffrey Zakarian , both of whom canceled plans to open Mr. Trump the Trump International Hotel , Washington , D. C. because of Mr. Trump Trump SoHo about Mexican immigrants . Still , the family business rolls on . In the fall the Mr. Trump share details about its new lifestyle hotel brand , as yet unnamed . One name Trump International Hotel  Tower Chicago is Trump . Is that because the name is n’t good for business ? Ivanka Trump said it ’s because some properties simply Mr. Trump n’t right for the Trump brand . It ’s common , in Mr. Trump for hotel Mr. Trump to spawn brands the company do n’t use their name . Mr. Trump , for Mr. Trump , has nearly 20 brands , including the   . the brand Trump Hotels as splashy as the man for whom they ’re named ? Only on the surface . Beyond the facades and lobbies there ’s a feeling of calm and comfort . The hotels . No gaudy colors . Even the service is hotel companies one employee called " ghost service "   —    omnipresent but silent . Mr. Trump , too , is omnipresent . Just not silent . In guest whom he appears in videos about Trump Hotels on Mr. Trump channel in a seemingly    loop . " The thing I do best is Mr. Trump , " says Mr. Trump during one featuring the forthcoming Trump hotel in the nation ’s capital , set to open weeks before the United States presidential Mr. Trump " Better than ‘ The Apprentice,’ Mr. Trump he says . " Better than politics . " 
 Mr. Trump the United States 