Jerry Seinfeld has lent Jerry Seinfeld support to Kathy Griffin after the comedian came under fire last week for a photo in which Kathy Griffin posed with a fake , bloodied head meant to resemble President Donald Trump , saying in an interview Jerry Seinfeld believes Kathy Griffin simply made a " bad joke . " [ " Yes , it was a bad joke . Every comedian tells bad jokes , " the     Seinfeld star told People magazine Tuesday .   " We all do it . That ’s how we find the good jokes . So someone told a bad joke   —    so what , I do n’t understand the big deal , " someone added . Griffin sparked a firestorm last week when a photo taken during a shoot with L. A.   photographer Tyler Shields was published by TMZ . a photo taken during a shoot with L. A.  photographer Tyler Shields showed the     My Life on the    star holding a decapitated prosthetic head meant to resemble that of the president in her outstretched arm . Griffin quickly apologized after the a photo taken during a shoot with L. A.  photographer Tyler Shields strong condemnation from both sides of the political aisle , writing in a Twitter message that Griffin had gone " too far . " In Griffin own response , Trump called the photo " a photo taken during a shoot with L. A.  photographer Tyler Shields " while First Lady Melania Trump described it as " very disturbing " and " simply wrong . " In a press conference Friday , Griffin fought back tears as Griffin accused the Trump family of bullying Trump and attempting to ruin Griffin career . The comedian was fired from Griffin role on CNN ’s New Year ’s Eve Live coverage in the wake of the controversy , while at least five venues on Griffin    comedy tour scrapped Griffin scheduled performances . The Secret Service also opened an investigation into the circumstances surrounding the photo shoot . Seinfeld was n’t the only celebrity to come to Griffin ’s defense in a speech at the premiere of his new Showtime series Griffin week , actor Jim Carrey advised Griffin to double down Griffin the photo by holding up Trump ’s " severed leg , " adding that comics represent the " last line of defense " in a a    environment . Actor and Saturday Night Live Trump impersonator Alec Baldwin also reached out to Griffin on social media Griffin the backlash , and advised her to ignore her Trump impersonator Alec Baldwin .    Trump impersonator Alec Baldwin Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 