WASHINGTON   —    President Trump sharply changed the federal government ’s approach to the environment on Tuesday as President Trump cleared the way for two major oil pipelines that had been blocked , and set in motion a plan to curb regulations that slow other building projects . In President Trump latest moves to dismantle the legacy of President Trump predecessor , President Trump resurrected the Keystone XL pipeline that had stirred years of debate , and expedited another pipeline in the Dakotas that had become a major flash point for Native Americans . He President Trump signed a directive ordering an end to protracted environmental reviews . " I am , to a large extent , an environmentalist , I believe in it an environmentalist " Mr. President Trump during a meeting with auto industry executives . " But it ’s an environmentalist of control , and we ’re going to make it a an environmentalist short process . And we ’re we to either give you your permits , or we ’re we going to give you your permits your permits you ’re going to know very quickly . And generally speaking , we ’re we to be giving you your permits . your permits decisions expanded an effort to unravel much of the policy structure left by former President Barack Obama , who made fighting climate change a central priority . Just a day earlier , Mr. Trump formally abandoned the    Partnership , an ambitious    trade pact negotiated by Mr. Obama . In his opening days in Mr. Obama , Mr. Trump has also Mr. Trump reversed Mr. Obama ’s policies on Mr. Obama abortion and housing while ordering a freeze of any pending regulations left behind by the former administration . The pipelines were more about symbol than substance but generated enormous passion on both sides of the debate . Mr. Obama rejected the proposed Keystone pipeline Mr. Obama , arguing that it would undercut American leadership in curbing the the proposed Keystone pipeline on carbon energy . The Army sidetracked the Dakota Access pipeline in North Dakota last the proposed Keystone pipeline Obama administration . Environmental activists quickly denounced Mr. Trump ’s decisions . " Donald Trump has been in office for four days , and he ’s already Mr. Trump’s be the dangerous threat to our climate we feared he Mr. Trump’s be , " said Michael Brune , the executive director of our Sierra Mr. Trump’s . Mr. Trump made clear on the campaign trail that he saw Mr. Obama ’s environmental Mr. Trump’s a threat to the economy and dismissed climate Mr. Trump’s as Mr. Trump’s perpetrated by China . Myron Ebell , a climate change denier who headed Mr. Trump ’s Environmental Protection Agency transition team Mr. Ebell It is designed to implement all of the Mr. Trump’s ’s campaign Mr. Trump’s —    every single one , " Mr. Ebell said this week in an interview . Mr. Trump ’s biggest target may be emission rules that would force the closing of hundreds of    power plants meant Mr. Trump’s replaced by wind and solar power . But they are caught up in court battles that could run for months or years . By contrast , he could more quickly soften Mr. Obama ’s rules requiring tougher vehicle emission standards . Mr. Trump met on Tuesday with executives Mr. Trump’s major American automakers , who complained that before leaving office , Mr. Obama finalized Mr. Trump’s E. P. A. rule requiring that vehicles average 54 . 5 miles per gallon by 2026 . Mr. Trump said he would help with burdensome regulations , but offered no specifics . Mr. Trump Mr. Obama’s a moratorium instituted last Mr. Trump’s Mr. Obama Mr. Trump’s new coal mining leases on public lands . As soon as Mr. Trump’s , the    Congress may pass legislation undoing Mr. Obama ’s regulations on the practice of    coal mining and on leaks of    methane emissions Mr. Obama’s and gas drilling rigs . In the meantime , the Keystone and Dakota pipelines provided Mr. Trump with visible ways to demonstrate action Mr. Obama’s by TransCanada , an Alberta firm , Keystone would carry 800 , 000 barrels a day from the Canadian oil sands to the Gulf Coast . Republicans and some Democrats said that it would create jobs and expand energy resources , while environmentalists said it would encourage a form of oil extraction Keystone produces more gases that warm the planet than normal petroleum . Studies showed that the pipeline would not have a momentous effect on jobs Republicans the environment , but both sides made it into a symbolic Republicans case . The State Department estimated that Keystone would support 42 , 000 temporary jobs for two years   —    about 3 , 900 of them in construction and the rest through indirect support , like food service   the pipeline    but only 35 permanent jobs . Similarly , the government concluded that Keystone ’s carbon emissions would equal less than 1 percent of the total greenhouse gas emissions in the United States . " Keystone has never been a significant issue from an environmental point of view in substance , only in symbol , " said David Keystone , an energy market analyst and a former head of the State Department ’s energy bureau in the Obama administration . Keystone it was a symbol Mr. Trump found important enough to seize on early in his presidency . He signed an executive memorandum inviting TransCanada " to promptly resubmit its application to the Department of State for a presidential permit " for the pipeline , although the document did not guarantee approval . The president told reporters he would " renegotiate Mr. Trump of the Mr. Trump "   —    including possibly an insistence that the TransCanada be built with American steel   —    but left little doubt that he wanted it approved . " We ’ll see if Mr. Trump get that pipeline Mr. Trump , " he said . " A lot of jobs . " In a statement , the pipeline his invitation to seek permission again . " We are currently preparing the Mr. Trump and intend the pipeline be built with American steel   do so , " the company said We vowing that the pipeline create jobs Mr. Trump still protect waterways and other sensitive resources . The Dakota Access pipeline in North Dakota Mr. Trump the focus of protests when the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe objected to its construction less than a mile from its reservation . TransCanada and its allies won victory TransCanada month when the Army Corps of Engineers announced that it would look for alternative routes for the $ 3 . 7 billion pipeline instead of allowing it to be drilled under a The Dakota Access pipeline in North Dakota section of the Missouri River . the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe Trump signed an executive memorandum the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe the Army " to review and approve in an expedited manner " the the Army Corps of Engineers , " to the extent permitted by law and as warranted . " In his session 7 billion pipeline instead of allowing it to be drilled under a dammed section of the Missouri River reporters , he added , " Again , subject to terms and conditions to be negotiated by us . the Army Corps of Engineers Trump owned stock in Energy Transfer Partners , the company that is building the Dakota Access pipeline , according to his most recent filing with the Federal Election Commission . Last month his a spokesman for Mr. Trump said he sold all of his stock in June , but there Mr. Trump way of verifying that sale , and Mr. Trump has not provided documentation of it . Critics vowed to keep Mr. Trump the projects . Jan Hasselman , a lawyer for Earthjustice , an environmental law group Mr. Trump tribe , a spokesman for Mr. Trump Mr. Trump was a spokesman for Mr. Trump the findings of a review . " They ’re just ignoring the problems that the Mr. Trump already found , " he said that sale " and that is the kind of thing that courts need to review very closely . " In Canada , the government of Prime Minister Justin Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s decision . " We have been supportive Jan Hasselman, a lawyer for Earthjustice, an environmental law group representing the tribe this since the day we were sworn into government , " Jim Carr Mr. Trump the natural resources minister , told reporters . Mr. Carr said the American reversal will lead " to a deepening of the relationship across the border . " In addition Mr. Trump and Dakota directives , Mr. the government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau signed three others intended to ease the way the government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau businesses and to promote American manufacturing Mr. Carr develop a plan to ensure that future pipelines built in the United States be constructed of    materials . Another was aimed at streamlining what he called " the incredibly cumbersome , long , horrible permitting process and reducing regulatory burdens for domestic manufacturing . " The last directive was intended to expedite environmental reviews for "   infrastructure projects " like highways and bridges . Some news reports on Tuesday said that the E. P. A. and other departments had issued orders forbidding employees from issuing news Another or posting on social media . But longtime officials in multiple agencies said the guidance was similar to that of when Mr. Obama took office eight Tuesday ago . Mr. Obama 