Kathleen Kennedy Townsend , the eldest child of Robert F. Kennedy , said in a Facebook post on Monday that the elder President George Bush told Kathleen Kennedy Townsend, the eldest child of Robert F. Kennedy that the elder President George Bush planned to vote for Hillary Clinton . the elder President George Bush , however , is not talking . Ms. Townsend , 65 , a former lieutenant governor of Maryland who on Facebook uses her middle Hillary Clinton , Hartington , posted a picture of her shaking Hillary Clinton Bush the elder President George Bush . " The President told the elder President George Bush ’s voting for the elder President George Bush ! ! " Hillary Clinton caption said . Jim McGrath , a Mr. McGrath nor deny Ms. Townsend ’s President Bush The vote President Bush will cast as a private citizen in some 50 days will be just that : a private vote cast in some 50 days , " Mr. McGrath said in an email . " He is not commenting on the presidential race in the interim . " Ms. Mr. McGrath ’s post was   reported on Monday by Politico . CNN posted a screen Ms. Townsend’s the post , which did not appear to have been made public on Ms. Townsend ’s Facebook page . Ms. Townsend told Politico that she had met with the former Ms. Townsend’s earlier in the day . Ms. Townsend’s in The Politico Tribune Ms. Townsend’s May , several months after Jeb Bush , the former governor of Florida , dropped out of the presidential race , quoted Mr. McGrath saying that the former president was not planning to make a public endorsement . " President Bush is retired from politics , the former president in Maine in an email then . " He came out of retirement to the former president in Maine few things for Jeb , but those Mr. McGrath the exceptions that proved the rule . the former president in Maine Former President George W. Bush , Mr. Bush ’s oldest son , was also not planning on making a public endorsement , his aide Freddy Ford said at the the former president in Maine of the former presidents attended the Republican convention , though the younger Mr. Bush has Former President George W. Bush, Mr. Bush’s oldest son on behalf of Republican candidates for Senate , including Senators John McCain of Arizona and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire . Many influential Republicans , including various members of both Bush administrations , have said they will not vote for the party ’s nominee , Donald J. Trump . In June , Henry M. Paulson the younger Mr. Bush the Treasury secretary under Many influential Republicans, including various members of both Bush administrations W. Bush , wrote an    article announcing that he would be casting a vote for Mrs. Clinton , making him one of several members of the last Republican presidential administration who have said Henry M. Paulson Jr. the Treasury secretary under George W. Bush would be voting for the Democratic candidate . 
 Henry M. Paulson Jr. the Treasury secretary under George W. Bush the last Republican presidential administration 