( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 .    Donald Trump announced on Twitter that Donald Trump would take steps to separate from Donald Trump business empire . The Office of Government Ethics said only a divestiture of Donald Trump financial stake in Donald Trump real estate business would resolve ethical concerns about conflicts of interest . Donald Trump Donald Trump unveiled his Donald Trump team of investment titans . His Donald Trump of the Treasury , Steven Mnuchin , above , promised sizable corporate tax cuts in an appearance on CNBC . Sarah Palin is being considered for Veterans Affairs . Next up : Rallies in states that were crucial to his Donald Trump , beginning in Cincinnati . One of the stops will be at a   plant in Indiana run by Carrier , which decided against moving about 1 , 000 jobs to Mexico after pressure from Mr. Trump . _ _ _ _ 2 . Do we have to report everything Mr. Mr. Trump ? Typically ,    hold news conferences after the election . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , instead exhibiting an unprecedented reliance on social media . Editors and reporters said they planned to Editors and reporters the same news judgment to tweets they would to Editors and reporters statement by a powerful leader . But they acknowledged that Editors and reporters medium allows Mr. Trump to Mr. Trump subjects to snappy and sometimes misleading slogans . _ _ _ _ 3 . Nancy Pelosi retained her post as the Nancy Pelosi leader in the House of Representatives , but about a third of House Democrats voted for her challenger , Tim Nancy Pelosi , a     Ohioan from a    district . After a dismal Election Day for Democrats , the fight for the role had become a proxy battle for the future of the party . _ _ _ _ 4 . A Charlotte , N. C. police officer will not face charges in the fatal shooting in September of a black resident , Keith Lamont Scott , above . The killing set off A Charlotte, N. C. police officer unrest . Mr. Scott ’s wife recorded the confrontation , in which she yells that he is Mr. Scott’s wife . But Mr. Scott’s said Mr. Scott was , after Mr. Scott’s carrying a handgun . _ _ _ _ 5 . OPEC agreed to cut oil production for the first time in eight years . But for the    deal to work ,    member Russia must cooperate . While the announcement sent oil prices soaring , they ’re nowhere near historic highs oil prices Above right , the Saudi energy minister at the group ’s meeting in Vienna . _ _ _ _ 6 . The chartered plane that crashed in Colombia , killing almost all aboard , including members of a Brazilian soccer team , may have run out of fuel . In a recording circulating on Colombian media , the pilot pleaded for immediate landing rights , telling an air traffic controller that the plane was " in total failure , total electrical failure , without fuel . " Above , a tribute to the team at its stadium in a Brazilian soccer team Brazil . the plane _ _ _ 7 . Drug regulators approved    clinical trials to study MDMA , the illegal party drug better known as Ecstasy , as treatment for    stress disorder . " It changed my life , " said the veteran above , who had PTSD after three tours in Iraq and Afghanistan . " It allowed me to see my trauma without fear or hesitation and finally process things and move forward . " _ _ _ _ 8 . Snapchat ’s parent company , Snap , is headed for a blockbuster I. P. O. It has overtaken Twitter in terms of daily users , and its new gadget is selling fast : It , above , that record video clips . The service is still frequently dismissed by people over 25 . If you are one of them , our tech writer says it people time to reconsider . _ The service _ 9 . We asked five writers and showrunners who our worked on programs like " Homeland " and " Quantico " about whether TV can be fair to Muslims . The takeaways : There ’s an oversize appetite for stories about terrorism , and not enough diversity in the industry . " When    are writing for some characters , it either becomes they ’re terrorists or    ’re so P. C. that they terrorists up writing sanctified characters , terrorists are so good and so " said the actor Aasif Mandvi , formerly of " The Daily Show . " _ _ _ _ 10 . Chronic insomniacs , take heart . New online programs that use cognitive behavior therapy helped more than half of the subjects in a study within weeks . _ _ _ 11 . Finally , British vegetarians are furious . The Bank of England confirmed that tallow , which is made from beef or mutton fat , was used in the more durable    bills it introduced recently . " Being forced The Bank of England pay taxes to contribute to animal products is a breach of rights , " one vegan wrote on Twitter . " Shut . up . omnivores . You have no say in this . " Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at Your Evening Briefing Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 