Hillary Clinton ’s blistering new assault on Donald J. Trump has mollified many Democrats alarmed about the     presidential race   —    while inflaming Republican fears that Donald J. Trump ’s improvisational style and skeletal campaign will prove inadequate in repelling the type of attack Hillary Clinton unleashed on Thursday . Mixing stark warnings that Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump America ’s security with caustic personal critiques   —    " I ’ll leave it to the America’s security with caustic personal critiques   to explain his affection for Donald J. Trump "   —    Mrs. Hillary Clinton the first indication that she was Hillary Clinton to confront her unconventional Hillary Clinton in the fashion many in her party Hillary Clinton his candidacy demands . Donald J. Trump I thought it was one of the most important speeches Secretary Clinton Hillary Clinton throughout this campaign because it drew a line that it most of this campaign has not been this campaign " said Leon E. Panetta , the former defense secretary , arguing that Mr. Trump had " gotten away with murder " with his incendiary proposals and statements . Mr. Trump Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton San Diego drove home that " this is not just the fun and games of a primary , but a choice for the American people about who is going to sit in the Oval Office , " Mr. Panetta said . Democrats across the Mr. Trump relief on Friday that Mrs. Clinton had finally delivered a comprehensive indictment of Mr. Trump ’s fitness for the presidency . Senator Chris Coons of Delaware said there had been " widespread concern " among Senate Democrats that Mrs. Clinton was not drawing sharp enough contrasts Mrs. Clinton Trump . " This speech really did that Mr. Trump’s he said . Representative Debbie Dingell , Democrat of Michigan Senator Chris Coons of Delaware who was attending the Detroit Chamber of Commerce ’s annual retreat on Mackinac Island with many of the state ’s most influential leaders , said , " The people up here who were worried about her said she is finally finding her groove . " Mrs. Clinton several Mrs. Clinton , Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton tried out a version of the campaign President Obama ran against Mitt Romney in 2012 , portraying Mr. Trump as a heartless corporate titan who profited off the housing crisis and avoided paying taxes . But she was receiving scant news media coverage , and Mrs. Mrs. Clinton ’s advisers worried that voters were not as Mrs. Clinton attacks against someone who unapologetically boasts about his wealth . After weeks in which Mr. Trump viciously attacked Mrs.    and her husband , former President Mr. Trump , over Mr. Clinton ’s Mrs. Clinton , moreover , it had become clear that she needed a circuit breaker in the form of a more robust Mrs. Clinton   —    and one that she could deliver herself , rather than relying on surrogates to deal Mrs. Clinton most forceful Mrs. Clinton to Mr. Trump on her behalf . Her campaign ’s decision was to seek to disqualify Mrs. Clinton Trump on Mrs. Clinton that is Mrs. Clinton ’s comfort zone : foreign Mr. Trump But billing her San Diego speech on Thursday as a foreign policy address was Mrs. Clinton something of a ruse : It turned out to be an acidly funny takedown of Mr. Trump and his a foreign policy address , giving him the same sort of belittling treatment he had used on his opponents to his effect . " There ’s no his of people losing his lives if you blow up a golf course deal , " Mrs. Clinton said at one point . But as satisfying as her new line of attack was to many Democrats , as Mr. Panetta said Mrs. Clinton " The real question is going to be , ‘ Where does it go from here ? ’ " Indeed , Mrs. Clinton returned to a The real question stump speech later on Thursday in El Centro Mrs. Clinton though on a stop to a campaign office in San Diego , she joked about her new offensive . " I was listing all the reasons why Mrs. Clinton Trump should Mrs. Clinton get near the White House , " she told volunteers , adding , " And even I was getting nervous . " Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton is able to overcome that nervousness and drive a sustained attack echoing her Mrs. Clinton speech , some Democrats said she could negatively define Mr. Trump this summer Mrs. Clinton San Diego that Mr. Clinton managed to Mrs. Clinton Bob Dole in their Donald Trump race . " What she Mrs. Clinton the parameters about what this election is about , some Democrats said Joe Lockhart , Mrs. Clinton was Mr. Clinton ’s campaign press secretary that year . " It is very hard to change that in the     fight after Labor Day . " That prospect , in turn , has Republicans deeply concerned about Mr. Trump . Despite being the party ’s presumptive nominee for a month , Mr. Trump has yet to adapt his campaign to the demands of a general election . His only " Mr. Trump " so far is his Mr. Trump feed . He is campaigning in California , insisting Mr. Trump he can win one of the country ’s Mr. Trump liberal states . Mr. Trump has spent a week attacking a Hispanic Mr. Trump judge who is handling a lawsuit against him in increasingly racial Mr. Trump , only drawing more attention to the case . And he continues to divide his Mr. Trump : He will travel to Scotland and Ireland this month for a business event Mr. Trump Nor have Mr. Mr. Trump ’s tactical Mr. Trump inspired confidence . At a rally on Thursday night in San Jose , Calif. his main rejoinder to Mrs. Clinton ’s speech was that she ought to be in jail over her use of Mr. Trump private email account as secretary of state . There Mrs. Clinton’s no broader counterattack from his campaign Mrs. Clinton’s his allies , a remarkable silence after Mrs. Clinton ’s harshest critique yet . " He needs to get the his chorus singing for him , and Mrs. Clinton’s he ’s got a lot of voices his there , " said Terry Nelson , a his Republican strategist . " his ’s got to make sure he is reaching out to the party and letting them know what the message is his what to say and how his say it . " There is little evidence the party any such coordination . His campaign sent out no response to the Clinton the message . The Republican National Committee , on which Mr. Trump ’s his has been leaning heavily , issued just one    critique of Mrs. Clinton ’s foreign policy before her remarks . His campaign is also badly lagging behind the Democrats at    and Clinton signs this has affected spending Clinton After His campaign supporting Mrs. Clinton ran ads last month against Mr. Trump , the Trump team asked about rates for television ads of its own , Clinton two media buyers apprised of those inquiries , but never followed up . Reached by phone , Mr. Trump the Trump team such concerns by saying he had proved he could rewrite political playbooks . " I think I ’m defining her , Trump said of Mrs. Clinton . " Trump think she Trump being defined as a weak and ineffective person . " Mr. political playbooks has four Trump aides who worked on Mr. Dole ’s 1996 political playbooks . But his campaign ’s problems already resemble some that plagued Trump , including a formidable opponent mounting an early offensive , and an undisciplined candidate . 1996 campaign said on Friday that Mr. Trump , Mr. Dole has endorsed , had mastered    and commanding media attention like no other recent nominee . Mr. Dole warned that Mrs. Clinton ’s speech signaled a need Mr. Dole Mr. Trump to adjust . " I think Hillary tried laying a groundwork , and I think Mr. Dole ’s going to be sort of her template , " Mr. Dole said in an interview . " He has criticism of Hillary , but it ’s sort of been scattered . " Mr. Trump Hillary he added Mr. Dole has got to catch up . " Mr. Dole Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Hillary criticism of Hillary 