   Donald J. Trump may have leapt from    success to the highest echelons of political power . But that does not mean   Donald J. Trump is ready to give up the    part just yet . Although   Donald J. Trump is not starring in NBC ’s coming season of " The New Celebrity Apprentice , " the    is still involved : Mr.   Donald J. Trump be credited as one of the show ’s executive producers , a spokeswoman for Mark Burnett , the creator of the " Apprentice " franchise , said on Thursday . MGM , Mr. Burnett ’s studio , declined to comment on what the    would be paid for his participation Mr. Burnett’s the new season , which will feature Arnold Schwarzenegger as the show the show businessman . But in the past , Mr. Trump has Mr. Burnett’s much as a 50 percent stake in " The Apprentice , " and received payments from the show ’s international editions and a    version that starred Martha Stewart . " Mr. Trump has a Mr. Burnett’s in the show and the show it with Mark Burnett , " a big stake in the show Hicks , the   ’s Ms. Hicks Hicks confirmed that she was referring to a financial stake . For an incoming president Ms. Hicks business holdings have already drawn ethical scrutiny , Mr. Trump ’s continuing involvement with Mr. Burnett’s Apprentice " could spawn a new round of questions about conflicts of interest . For NBC , which nurtured Mr. Trump ’s celebrity until he left Mr. Burnett’s 2015 to pursue a Mr. Burnett’s bid , the fact that the    stands to profit from the program could raise concerns about how a politically polarized audience may react to one of its biggest    shows . Mr. Schwarzenegger ’s first episode airs on Jan. 2 , a politically polarized audience major companies , including Trident gum , Welch ’s , and Carnival Cruise Line , have signed on as sponsors . NBC declined to comment on Mr. Trump ’s producing credit , which was first reported by Variety . Mr. Trump , for months , has shown a keen interest in how Mr. Schwarzenegger Mr. Trump former governor of California , bodybuilder and actor , might perform as host , asking friends and even campaign crowds , " How do you think Arnold ’s going to do ? " During an interview in May about his history with " The Apprentice , " Mr. Trump made clear that he remained invested Arnold the program , emotionally and otherwise . " You know I have Mr. Trump big chunk of that show , going forever , " Mr. Trump said . " Mark and I did it together . We were    partners Mr. Trump The    and Mr. Burnett are on good terms , even Mark and I the producer issued a statement in October denouncing Mr. Trump ’s candidacy , referring to " the hatred , division and misogyny that has been Mr. Trump part of his campaign . " This week , Mr. Burnett met privately with Mr. Trump and suggested ideas for his Mr. Trump , including a helicopter ride from Mr. Burnett to Washington and Mr. Trump on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan . Mr. Burnett the interview in May , Mr. Trump said that he had not spoken to Mr. Schwarzenegger about the program . " I do n’t know Mr. Trump is going to Mr. Trump , " Mr. Trump said , " but I hope he does well . " " Mr. Trump tried to do it with Martha Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump added , " and Mr. Trump did n’t get the ratings , to put it mildly . " 
 Mr. Trump the ratings 