( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 .    Donald J. Trump   has yet to hold a news conference , but Donald J. Trump   released what aides said should suffice for now : an    YouTube video in which Donald J. Trump   asserted that Donald J. Trump   transition was going " very smoothly , efficiently and effectively . " Donald J. Trump   outlined Donald J. Trump   top priorities for Donald J. Trump   first day in office , including beginning the process of withdrawing from the the    Partnership trade deal and revoking President Obama ’s environmental regulations on the production of coal and natural gas . Here is the latest on his transition and what Donald J. Trump   hopes to accomplish in Donald J. Trump   first 100 days . _ _ _ _ 2 . The right wing ’s extremist fringe , the    is exulting in Mr. Trump ’s victory . At a conference in Washington , its a conference in Washington ideologue railed against Jews , quoted Nazi propaganda in German and celebrated Mr. Mr. Trump’s . He saw it its leading ideologue a Mr. Trump’s election that white people were " awakening to their own identity white people " and said that now it ’s up Mr. Trump’s election the    to formulate policies " that have a realistic chance of being implemented . " A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump’s disapproved of all hate groups . _ _ _ _ 3 . The depth of one of the factors that played into the election is still emerging : the role of fake news . Some of it is produced from the election seeking to make money off advertising . But false stories can also build off misinformed social media posts . We look at how one mistaken tweet   —    by a man with just 40 followers   —    exploded through the hyperpartisan blogosphere . _ _ _ _ 4 . Law enforcement officials in North Dakota used firehoses in    weather against protesters fighting the Dakota Access pipeline . The local sheriff ’s office defended its actions , accusing The local sheriff’s Native Americans and environmental activists of conducting an " ongoing riot " and setting fires . _ _ _ _ 5 . The fallout from revelations of Russia ’s    doping program is    the record books for the Beijing and London Summer Olympics . The retesting of stored urine samples for specific banned substances has incriminated at least 40 medal winners , the majority from Russia and other Eastern Russia countries . Medals from the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics are also likely to be called into question . _ _ _ _ 6 . Jurgen Klinsmann was fired as coach of the U. S. national men ’s soccer team , less than a week after a humiliating defeat that damaged the team ’s chances the U. S. national men’s soccer team for the 2018 World Cup . U. S. Soccer did not immediately announce a replacement . _ _ _ _ 7 . Pope Francis extended local priests’ authority to grant forgiveness for the " grave sin " of abortion , making permanent the power he gave them on a Pope Francis basis abortion year . " There is no sin that God ’s mercy can not reach and wipe away when it finds a repentant heart , " he wrote . _ _ Pope Francis _ 8 . The largest and most authoritative study of dementia rates confirmed that its prevalence is dropping . dementia rates is remarkably good news , as an estimated four million to five million Americans develop dementia every year , and it ’s very expensive to treat . Researchers will now try to solve the finding ’s many mysteries , like why people who are overweight or obese have a 30 percent lower risk . Above , a brain scan showing signs of Alzheimer ’s . _ _ _ _ 9 . More than five years into Syria ’s chaotic civil war , the capital city , Damascus , is relatively undamaged and functioning , bustling with commuters , markets and restaurants . But the war has warped the city . On a recent visit , our correspondent recorded short video clips , where you can sometimes hear airstrikes on    suburbs , and people fear random shells falling . _ _ _ _ 10 . More than 600 people signed up for a yoga class with baby goats on an Oregon farm . " They wander around with their More than 600 people and name tags More than 600 people looking for affection , or a bit of grassy kibble ( like many yogis , they are vegetarians ) and More than 600 people entirely unfazed by the sight of 20 or so people posing in    dog , " our correspondent reported after taking a class . _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , should you quit social media to benefit your career ? That ’s the advice of a Georgetown professor who says it ’s a distraction and harms our ability to concentrate . " If you ’re serious about making an impact in the world , " he says , " power down your smartphone , close your browser tabs , roll up your sleeves and get to work . " _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted Your Evening Briefing a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s Friday ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 