ROME   —    Italy plunged into political and economic uncertainty early Monday as Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said Prime Minister Matteo Renzi would resign after voters decisively rejected constitutional changes , a step certain to reverberate across a European Union already buffeted by    anger . " The ‘ no’ won in an incredibly clear way , " Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said from the Chigi Palace . Holding back tears as he Prime Minister Matteo Renzi in front of Italian and European European Union , the usually brash and confident     said , " I assume all the responsibility of the defeat , " adding that " my experience of government ends here . " He Prime Minister Matteo Renzi he Prime Minister Matteo Renzi go later on Monday to the country ’s president , Sergio Mattarella , and " tender my resignation . " Mr. Prime Minister Matteo Renzi defeat , and the instability that his resignation Prime Minister Matteo Renzi my resignation cause , raised the prospect of punishment in the markets , but also a caretaker government staffed with technocrats appointed by the Italian president . Another possibility is the calling of early elections in 2017 , though that , too , was unclear because Italy ’s new electoral law is itself under review by Italy’s new electoral law ’s constitutional court Italy news sent the euro down sharply in Asian trading . If early elections do occur next year , 2017 is shaping up to be a seminal year in the history of the European Union with founding members Germany , France and potentially Italy all going to the Italy with strong    and populist candidates in the running . Mr. Renzi ’s defeat came hours after voters in Austria , presented with a stark ideological choice for the largely ceremonial position of head of state , chose Alexander Van der Bellen , the former leader of the small Green Party , over Norbert Hofer of the    Freedom Party . It was but a brief reprieve for a European political establishment that has suffered populist jolts all year . The reaction to Mr. Renzi ’s loss illustrated the poisonous tone of the long campaign leading up to the referendum . " The propaganda of the regime and all its lies are the first the regime of this referendum , " Beppe the referendum the leader of Italy ’s    Five Star Movement , wrote on his widely read blog . " Five Star Movement have changed , " he said . Luigi Di Maio Five Star Movement the deputy leader of the lower house of Parliament and a likely candidate for prime minister from the Five Star Movement , spoke Star Movement Five Star government . " And Matteo Salvini , the leader of the    Northern League , who campaigned vigorously against Mr. Renzi ’s proposal , called the result " not just a defeat for Renzi but also his servant , lackeys , bankers , financiers . Mr. Renzi’s Ostensibly the vote was about arcane changes to Italy ’s Constitution that would have streamlined government . But opposition to the proposals came from the same    sentiment   —    spiked with skepticism of globalization , open borders and the feasibility of an    European Union   —    that has transformed the politics of a growing list of European countries . Such movements have already smashed the traditional political structures in Greece and Spain , and forces skeptical of the European Union led Britain to vote in June to leave the union . In Germany , Chancellor Angela Merkel the European Union untouchable , now seems vulnerable in next year ’s elections . And    parties are also seeking power in France . In Austria , the Green Party stalled the advance of populist forces on Sunday by defeating the presidential candidate of the Freedom Party , which was established by former Nazis . The result in Austria might have calmed some nerves , but it was Austria rejection of Mr. Renzi that most sent The result in Austria through Europe and the world . In a strategic blunder that echoed David Cameron ’s call for a " Brexit " referendum , Mr. Renzi had tied his government ’s tenure to Sunday Mr. Renzi when he was Mr. Renzi high in the polls . But his support Mr. Renzi , and world leaders anxiously watched the vote Mr. Renzi Italy , the    economy in Europe , as a referendum on Mr. Renzi ’s centrist government and as a barometer of the strength of    winds blowing across both sides of the Atlantic . Financial analysts have warned that instability caused by Mr. Renzi ’s premature departure could result in a renewed and Mr. Renzi’s financial crisis in Italy , where banks are saddled with bad loans , and where desperately needed investors are turned off by the return of Italian instability . Some world leaders , seeing in Mr. Renzi a critical defense against populism ’s rising tide , had Mr. Renzi’s to stay . President Obama , speaking at the White House during Mr. Renzi’s Renzi ’s visit in October , said he hoped Mr. Renzi would Mr. Renzi’s around for a while no matter what Mr. Renzi’s " Mr. Renzi’s administration of    Donald J. Trump was less eager to see him remain . Members of Mr. Trump ’s inner circle have closely watched , and Mr. Renzi’s for , the surging   Donald J. Trump Europe . What was clear , said Stefano Stefanini , who served as a diplomatic adviser to Giorgio Napolitano , a former Italian Mr. Stefanini forces in Italy . " Mr. Stefanini said Mr. Renzi ’s departure could embolden parties feeding on economic frustration , loss of national identity , anger at Brussels and a desire to break with the    War II belief that Italy ’s economic and national security interests were better served within an alliance of liberal democracies . The vote showed that Italy " is reverting to a willingness to go it alone Italy a " Mr. Stefanini said . The primary beneficiary of Mr. Renzi ’s defeat is Italy ’s    Five Star Italy , a party that advocates a referendum to determine whether Italy should give up the euro . " We have the Italian people behind us , Italy Mr. Di Maio , 30 , said in a recent interview . " And he Italy losing , " he said of Mr. Five Star Movement, a party that advocates a referendum to determine whether Italy should give up the euro . Mr. Renzi , in Five Star Movement, a party that advocates a referendum to determine whether Italy should give up the euro interview over the summer , compared the party ’s leader , Mr. Grillo , to Mr. Trump . " Populism is he the offspring of fear , Mr. Renzi Renzi said at the time . " And in Italy , the answer to fear is the courage to not be defensive , to not be like all the others . " Mr. Renzi instead became like a growing list of European countries , and Italians seemed most moved by the message of Mr. Grillo and other leaders of his party , who campaigned tirelessly against a Italy proposal they said would put too much power in the Mr. Renzi ’s hands . In the end , heavy opposition in the south and other regions marred by high unemployment levels proved insurmountable , and Mr. Renzi could not persuade enough moderates to stick with him and his government ’s plan to modernize Italy . Ultimately , the substance of the reform mattered less than voters’ opinions of Mr. the Mr. Renzi’s In the past , personalizing politics had helped Mr. the Mr. Renzi’s , the Mr. Renzi’s charismatic Florentine who came to power as a result of an internal Democratic Party coup in 2014 . This time the Mr. Renzi’s hurt him . Mr. Renzi proved unable to keep walking the tightrope between outsider and insider that he had navigated so exquisitely during his rapid ascent to the apex of Italian government . On the This time hand , Mr. the Mr. Renzi’s himself as an    demolition man determined to smash the gerontocracy in Italy the Mr. Renzi’s shock into action the     the Mr. Renzi’s in Brussels . On the other , he was the consummate insider , an the Mr. Renzi’s at working the Mr. Renzi’s the system who built unlikely coalitions to get things done . Italy , long mocked as the chaotic home of 63 governments in 70 years , the Mr. Renzi’s as a safe port of stability , and its young leader took on a special aura as a bulwark against the      Italy radical forces . Sunday ’s vote erased that halo . After casting his ballot against the reform on Sunday morning , Dario Cecchi Mr. Renzi said his vote had less to do with Mr. Renzi than the substance of the proposal . Mr. Cecchi added that he was upset that Mr. Renzi had tied his political fate to the referendum Mr. Cecchi the referendum him his step down . He said he understood that Mr. Renzi had    Italy as a force within Europe and that a yes Mr. Cecchi Mr. Renzi increase his country Mr. Renzi Europe inside the European Union . But , he said Mr. Cecchi Mr. Renzi reform the European Union just be good for Europe Mr. Cecchi — Mr. Cecchi should be good for Italy . " 
 Europe Europe Italy Mr. Renzi the reform the reform Mr. Cecchi 