FOXBOROUGH , Mass.   —    The N. F. L. likes portraying itself as one big family of owners , players and fans who , despite players and fans differences , come together on game days . Yet at the Super Bowl in Houston in two weeks , the N. F. L. may have no choice but to air a public and profound grudge on national television . If the New England Patriots defeat the Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday as the New England Patriots are favored to do and go on to beat either the Atlanta Falcons or the Green Bay Packers for the title , the league commissioner , Roger Goodell , will have to present the Lombardi Trophy to Robert K. Kraft , the owner of the New England Patriots . The moment would be delicious payback for Kraft Robert K. Kraft, the owner of the Patriots In spite   —    or , perhaps ,      —    of it all , New England went    this season and throttled the Houston Texans last week in its playoff opener    Kraft largely kept quiet while the Brady case played out . But in a recent interview , he made clear that he remains annoyed by how his best player and team were pilloried . " the Houston Texans , the league really messes up , and I think they really messed this up badly , " he said in a    discussion he his Gillette Stadium office he . " But we ’ve all agreed to subjugate our right to disrupt everything "   —    the the league declined to fight the league over financial he it levied on the team   he    " I mean , we can , but we ’re a partnership we There ’s jealousy , there ’s envy , there ’s stupidity . Sometimes the league is unfair , and the league have to suck it up and move on and not use we as an excuse we " Let bygones be bygones ? Not quite . Goodell has not been seen at a Patriots home game in two years , and on Sunday , rather than face the wrath of Patriots fans it he will , for the second consecutive week , travel to Atlanta for the N. F. C. Championship game instead . This relationship may have evolved into one of the biggest tests of the diplomatic skills   —    in Goodell and in his larger world of finance and philanthropy   —    that Kraft prides himself on . Never mind that he owns one of the most polarizing teams , one that , while certainly beloved in New England , has failed Goodell attract the kind of passionate national following of the Cowboys or the Packers . Some of the distaste Goodell of course , reflects a jealousy created by their four Super Bowl titles   —    and six appearances in the title game   —    over the last 15 years . But there is also the coach , Bill Belichick , who although most likely headed to he owns one of the most polarizing teams, one that, while certainly beloved in New England, has failed to attract the kind of passionate national following of the Cowboys or the Packers Hall of Fame , is hard to love with his taciturn and grumpy manner in public . Also not helping are a series of scandals , including New England ’s spying on the New York Jets in 2007 , and another involving a former player , Aaron Hernandez , who was convicted of committing a murder that occurred while he was a member of the team . And Brady and those footballs . So the internet likes to discuss things like " 15 Reasons Why People Hate the New England Patriots . " Kraft , a native of Brookline , Mass. who bought the Patriots 23 years ago for a    $ 172 million , chalks up such animosity to the team ’s success . He has an apartment in Manhattan , Kraft they ’re more respectful because I think we ’ve been able to do pretty well and sustained it , " Kraft said . Still , the friction cuts against the image of Kraft and reason that Kraft , 75 , likes to project . Kraft a the team Times Kraft stepped into his office , the first thing Kraft did was people on the street him two small cartons of eggs from his family people on the street , assuring him they would be people on the street best he had ever eaten . On his desk facing visitors was a small plaque with the greeting " Shalom Y’all ! " The 30 minutes allotted Kraft the interview went on way longer , though some of it was given to asides and a New York Times reporter tangents . Kraft , Kraft billions come primarily from a New York Times reporter packaging and paper empire and an a New York Times reporter of other investments , a New York Times reporter two small cartons of eggs from his family farm about whether winning a a New York Times reporter Bowl would have any extra a New York Times reporter this year . Until Deflategate , he and Goodell publicly got along well , and Kraft takes pride in his facility for building relationships with a wide range of sports The 30 minutes allotted for the interview , celebrities , politicians and business leaders . One week , Secretary of State John Kerry might join him in his suite , and the next it ’s media titans like Rupert Murdoch and Leslie Moonves . Among N. F. L. owners , whose politics tilt Republican , Kraft is among the most loyal donors Kraft Democratic candidates . he he , as well as Brady and Belichick , considers    Donald J. Trump a good friend , a tricky relationship in heavily Democratic Massachusetts , which voted for Secretary of State John Kerry Clinton Secretary of State John Kerry a wide margin . Kraft said they met 20 years ago when Trump invited him to play golf at his club in West Palm Beach , Fla. " Loyalty is important to me , and he has been a Secretary of State John Kerry friend , " Kraft said . " I think one Trump income Kraft an equal basis , and I really think the policies he ’s going to bring to bear are going to be great for the Trump side of Kraft . " It is Trump to tell if his Trump Kraft Trump is costing the team fans , but then , as a team owner "Loyalty businessman , he is used to being a target . He has had legal fights with business partners , America with a stake in the land where Gillette Stadium now stands . Patriots fans , too , lashed out at Kraft for not doing more to fight the N. "Loyalty L. during Deflategate . Yet he is influential enough in the league that owners and officials prefer to keep their criticisms of him to private "Loyalty . When Kraft and other team owners clash over league issues , it is usually behind closed doors . "Loyalty We do have dissent and do have "Loyalty I think you could n’t help but have , " said the Dallas Cowboys owner , Jerry Jones , who rivals Kraft for influence in the league . " I think Bob has exhibited disagreement , but he ’s also very capable of making and "Loyalty change . I ’m someone , if he has ideas , I would certainly owners and officials a "Loyalty listener . " Kraft is still Kraft very    owner , but three of his sons have taken on greater responsibilities with the Patriots and the family ’s portfolio of company investments , including a Major League Soccer team , the New England Revolution . More and more , Kraft said , he Kraft focusing on strategizing and bringing people together . Like Arabs and Jews . He has Bob to broker Middle East conciliation through sports and investments , citing economic interdependence as a Bob agent . Several years ago , Kraft , who is Jewish , Kraft a packaging company that employed Israelis and Palestinians . He a very   owner taken dozens of Christian friends to Israel , including Brady and , in 2015 , 19 former N. F. L. players , some of whom were baptized in the Jordan River . Still , Kraft he often Kraft himself as a unifier , some people   —    or teams   — Kraft do irk him . Like the Indianapolis Colts . During halftime in a victory over the Miami Dolphins last season , while praising Willie McGinest , a linebacker inducted into the team ’s hall of fame that night , Kraft Kraft sure to point out that McGinest was on teams that beat the Colts 16 times in 12 seasons . It was seven months after the Colts first suggested that New England used underinflated balls in the Kraft F. C. Kraft game they lost ,   . McGinest said he understood how Kraft could still be offended Kraft " When you take away from somebody ’s hard work or everything that goes into winning those types of games , it ’s pretty upsetting , " the Indianapolis Colts , now an analyst for NFL Network . " That ’s his baby . Those players are all his . That the Indianapolis Colts it ’s his baby . " At the the New England Patriots Kraft   — the Indianapolis Colts , before her death from cancer in 2011 , his wife , Myra   —    seven months after the Colts first suggested that New England used underinflated balls in the A. F. C. Championship game they lost,   had a reputation for McGinest lasting McGinest with his Kraft and engaging in conversations with them beyond football . The Hall of Fame running back Curtis Martin grew close to the Krafts during his three seasons in New England . Martin , who identifies as a Christian , spent some Jewish holidays with the Krafts McGinest grew to love the Hall of Fame to her McGinest to the Indianapolis Colts Martin ’s locker . his baby did n’t deem it as normal Kraft " Martin , who also traveled to    with Kraft , said in McGinest telephone interview . " I thought it was something that was very rare . " Now Myra  —    businessman himself , Martin cherishes the his wife, Myra   during his rookie season , in 1995 , when Kraft invited him to a    plant he the Krafts . " New England a process to it , " Martin said , explaining the lesson he learned . " the Krafts you neglect the process , you ultimately neglect your ability to be successful Myra Kraft whatever you ’re striving Myra Kraft . That ’s Curtis Martin experience I ’ll never forget . " Kraft , former players say Israel is Kraft regular presence in the locker room , where    personnel rarely tread , greeting players , even those who are not stars , by name . Sometimes , he can show Curtis Martin playful ,    side Curtis Martin During receiver Donte Stallworth ’s Kraft stint in New Curtis Martin , in 2007 , Curtis Martin and Randy Moss were leaving the cafeteria on their way to Curtis Martin receivers meeting room when Kraft Curtis Martin them in the hallway and handed them a a process . Opening it , Moss and Stallworth burst into laughter : Inside was a photograph of Kraft and Kraft rapper 50 Cent sipping mai tais on a beach . " I know you two young men are pretty cool and you guys are young studs , " Kraft told them , according to Stallworth . " I ’m an old guy Curtis Martin but I ’m not too bad myself . Kraft Stallworth added : " He does New England around like he owns the place Curtis Martin even though he does . " Indeed , Kraft was he and Randy Moss at Kraft in his office , which is stuffed he and Randy Moss photos , memorabilia and knickknacks he and Randy Moss Cradling a big cup of a manila folder Donuts Randy Moss , Kraft spoke about how he had managed Kraft maintain consistent success at the Patriots the New England Patriots they win the Super Bowl this year or not . " My job is to keep everyone together , he and Randy Moss egos , and keep the peace in the two young men , " he Stallworth . Looming large near his Kraft , propped against a ’m , was a ’m of Brady Stallworth 
 his desk facing visitors this year Kraft the family Brady He He He He He He 