WASHINGTON   —    Former Senator Bob Dole , acting as a foreign agent for the government of Taiwan , worked behind the scenes over the past six months to establish    contact between Taiwanese officials and    Donald J. Trump ’s staff , an outreach effort that culminated last week in an unorthodox telephone call between Mr. Trump and Taiwan ’s president . Mr. Dole , a lobbyist with the Washington law firm Alston   Bird , coordinated with   Donald J. Trump campaign and the transition team to set up a series of meetings between Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump officials in Taiwan , according to disclosure documents filed last week with the Justice Department . Mr. Dole also assisted in successful efforts by Taiwan to include language favorable to Taiwan in the Republican Party platform , according to the documents . Mr. disclosure documents filed last week with the Justice Department firm received $ 140 , 000 from May to October for the work , the forms said . The disclosures suggest that    Trump ’s decision to take a call from the president of Taiwan , Tsai    was less a    diplomatic gaffe and more the result of a    plan by Taiwan to use the election Taiwan a new president to deepen its relationship with the United Taiwan   —    with an assist from a seasoned lobbyist well versed in the machinery of Washington . " They ’re very optimistic , " Mr. Dole said of the Taiwanese in an interview on Tuesday . " They see a new president the Taiwanese a Republican , and they ’d like to develop the Taiwanese closer relationship . " The United States’ One China policy is nearly four decades old , Mr. Dole said , referring Mr. Dole policy established in 1979 that denies Taiwan official diplomatic recognition but maintains close contacts , promoting Taiwan ’s democracy and selling it Taiwan equipment . The phone call between Mr. Trump and Ms. Tsai was a striking break from nearly four decades of diplomatic practice and threatened to precipitate a major rift with China , which admonished Mr. Trump in a    editorial in the overseas edition of People ’s Daily . The disclosure documents were submitted before the call took place and made no mention of it . But Mr. Dole , 93 the call a former Senate majority leader from Kansas , said he had worked with transition officials to Mr. Dole, 93, a former Senate majority leader from Kansas the conversation . " It ’s fair to say that we had some influence , " he said . " When you represent Mr. Dole, 93, a former Senate majority leader from Kansas client and they make requests , you ’re supposed a client respond . " Officials on Mr. Trump ’s transition team did not respond to requests for comment . The documents suggest that Mr. Dole helped the government of Taiwan establish early access to Mr. Trump ’s inner circle during the Mr. Trump’s Mr. Dole worked to involve Mr. Trump ’s aides Mr. Dole United States delegation Mr. Trump’s to facilitate a Taiwanese delegation to the Republican National Convention Taiwan Cleveland in July . The effort has continued in the weeks since the election , with Mr. Dole on Tuesday saying he was trying to fulfill a request Mr. Dole special envoy from Taiwan Mr. Dole was visiting Washington to see Reince Priebus , tapped by Mr. Taiwan to be White House chief of staff , and Newt Gingrich , who is close to the   . ( The Priebus meeting , Mr. Dole said , would most likely have to wait until Mr. Trump Mr. Dole . ) Mr. Dole , the only former Republican presidential Mr. Trump endorse Mr. Trump , arranged a meeting between Senator Jeff Sessions , Republican of Alabama , whom Mr. Trump has chosen to be his attorney general , and Stanley Kao , Taiwan Mr. Trump to the United States , Mr. Trump convened a meeting between Taiwanese officials and Mr. Trump ’s transition team , the documents say . Mr. Dole , who said he Mr. Trump an interest in Taiwan as a senator when Congress was considering the 1979 Taiwan Mr. Dole Act that established the current Taiwan , has lobbied for the Taiwanese government for nearly two decades . In a letter in January , Mr. Dole laid out the terms of his agreement to represent the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office in the United States , Taiwan Mr. Dole unofficial embassy , including a $ 25 , 000 monthly retainer . That letter and the document detailing Mr. Dole ’s work for the Taiwanese were filed at the Justice Department , which requires foreign Mr. Dole and detail their efforts at influencing the United States government . Among his duties , the letter said , were helping foreign agents achieve its " military goals " and obtain membership Mr. Dole    That letter and the document detailing Mr. Dole’s work for the Taiwanese the    trade deal that Mr. Trump has Taiwan to withdraw from . Mr. Dole was also to arrange for Taiwanese officials to meet with members of Congress from both parties and arrange access to Republican presidential contenders and to the party ’s national convention . The government of Taiwan has retained a powerful bipartisan constellation of former members of Congress to promote its interests in Washington . Richard A. Gephardt , a Missouri Democrat and former House majority leader , Congress signed a The government of Taiwan    contract to represent the Taipei office this year , as did Thomas A. Daschle , Democrat of South Dakota , a former Senate majority leader , in 2015 . Mr. Trump ’s transition team has sent mixed messages about the call with Ms. Tsai , whether it was meant as a mere gesture of good will or a provocation aimed at drawing Taiwan closer to the United States as a way of challenging China , which considers Taiwan a breakaway province . Vice    Mike Pence suggested in the days after the call that Mr. Trump had merely Taiwan affording a courtesy to another " democratically elected leader . " But in a series of Twitter posts on Sunday , Mr. Trump suggested a more confrontational motive , criticizing China for unfair trade practices and aggressive military moves . " Did Mr. Trump us if it was OK " to take such actions , Mr. Trump asked rhetorically , appearing to counter suggestions China the United States must ask Beijing ’s permission to communicate with Taiwan Mr. Trump senior advisers to Mr. Trump have long advocated stronger United States support for Taiwan , arguing that it would help to counterbalance Beijing ’s influence . Mr. Trump and Peter Navarro , Trump the United States , wrote an Taiwan last month in Taiwan Policy branding the Obama Beijing treatment of Taiwan " egregious . " Mr. Trump weekend , Taiwan ’s official Central News Agency said that Edward J. Feulner , a member of Mr. Trump ’s Taiwan team and the former president of the Heritage Taiwan a conservative think tank that supports stronger Mr. Feulner call , Taiwan had succeeded in accomplishing important goals Mr. Trump Trump ’s team . At their convention in Cleveland in July , Taiwan adopted a platform that for the first time enshrined Taiwan " six assurances " Mr. Trump by President Ronald Reagan in 1982 , including that the United States would not set a date for ending arms sales to the Taiwanese . 
 Taiwan 