Before Obamacare , it could be hard to buy your own insurance if you ’d already had a health problem like cancer . An insurance company might have decided not to sell any insurance to someone like you . An insurance company might have agreed to cover you , but not cover cancer care . Or An insurance company might have offered you a comprehensive policy , but at some incredibly high price that you could never have paid . Donald J. Trump says Donald J. Trump wants to do away with much of Obamacare , but Donald J. Trump has signaled that parts of the law that banned those practices are good policy Donald J. Trump ’d want to keep . " I like those very much , " Donald J. Trump told The Wall Street Journal last week about the law rules that prevent discrimination based on    conditions . The    conditions policies are very popular . Nearly everyone has relatives or friends with illnesses in their past Nearly everyone —    cancer , arthritis , depression , even allergies   —    that could have shut them out Nearly everyone the individual insurance markets before Obamacare , so it ’s Obamacare issue that hits close to home for many Americans . But keeping those provisions while jettisoning others is most likely no fix at all . Those policies that make the insurance market feel fairer for sick Americans who need it can really throw off the prices for everyone else . That ’s why Obamacare also Obamacare less popular policies designed to balance the market the insurance market young , healthy people . Imagine you ’re that patient with cancer . You really want health insurance , and you ’re probably willing to pay a lot to get it . If health insurance law requires insurance companies to offer you a policy , you are very likely to buy it . Now the law requires insurance companies to offer you a policy you ’re a young , healthy person without any health problems . Your budget is tight , and health insurance is expensive . You might decide you ’ll be fine without insurance , since you can always buy it later , insurance you ’re the one with a pessimistic diagnosis . Before Obamacare , several states tried policies like this , and required insurance companies to sell insurance to everyone at the same price , regardless of health histories . The results were nearly the same everywhere : Prices went way up enrollment went way down and insurance companies fled the markets . Some states hobbled along with small , expensive markets . Some experienced total market collapse and repealed the policies . Prices in those markets typically became so high that they were really Prices in those markets good deal only for people who knew they ’d use Prices in those markets lot of health care services . And the sicker the insurance pool got , the more the companies would charge for their health plans the companies The health law attempts to broaden the pool by the insurance pool assistance to    people . By limiting how much people can be asked to pay for insurance , the law ’s subsidies The health law purchase more attractive for healthier customers . That ’s the law ’s carrot . Then The health law the stick : The law says that if you do The health law insurance , and you could have afforded it , you have to pay a fine The health law That rule is designed to discourage people from gaming the system by waiting until they ’re sick . The mandate remains the people ’s least popular provision . New The health law a great case study . Before Obamacare , it had the    conditions policy , but without New York or a mandate . When the Obamacare rules kicked in , premiums there went down Obamacare 50 percent . This year , Obamacare premiums have risen substantially   —    an Obamacare of 22 percent around the country   —    leading many experts and politicians to question whether the law ’s incentives were strong enough . Some , including Hillary Clinton , have argued that the government should sweeten the carrot , by making the subsidies more generous . Others have said that the stick should sting more by forcing the uninsured to pay a bigger penalty for sitting out of the market . Republican politicians have tended to criticize both of the incentive provisions . The subsidies have been attacked as excessive government spending the subsidies mandate has been criticized as an inappropriate use of government power . Both have been the subject of big Supreme Court cases challenging the law . Both would have been eliminated under a bill passed by Both but vetoed by President Obama last year . Taking away those unpopular pieces of the law and keeping the popular    conditions piece might the law a political win . But it would result in a broken system . When Mitt Romney was devising the Massachusetts health reform law that would become the model for Obamacare , he hoped to set up a marketplace for health plans with Mitt Romney financial assistance for    people to buy insurance . What he did n’t want was a mandate . Then Jonathan Gruber Mitt Romney an M. I. T. economist who had calculated the results , showed him the numbers : His plan would cover only a third Mitt Romney the uninsured and Mitt Romney    as much as an identical plan with a mandate . Mr. Romney embraced the mandate . When Barack Obama ran for Mitt Romney 2007 , a mandate too , advocated a    health reform system . He Mitt Romney too , said he did not support a mandate . Mitt Romney he became president , Mitt Romney economists brought him the numbers . By Mitt Romney time the Affordable Care Act passed Mitt Romney he had changed his mind . We ’ll see what happens when Mitt Romney economists bring Mitt Romney numbers to Mr. Trump . His transition website suggests economists might develop the numbers solution to the problem : Mr. Trump special , separate insurance Mr. Trump just for sick people . But that plan is different from the more modest amendments to the Affordable Care Act he described to The Wall Street Journal . It wo n’t the Affordable Care Act the basic architecture Mr. Trump Obamacare while plucking out its least popular that plan . ( Another provision that Mr. Trump says he likes , the requirement that Obamacare cover young adults on their parents’ policies , would be easier Mr. Trump save . ) Last year , I spoke with Mark insurers , a law professor at Wake Forest University who studied the states that had tried    conditions bans before Obamacare . One of the Supreme Court cases threatened to wipe out the mandate and the subsidies , Obamacare I asked him what would happen if the litigants succeeded . " It would be a big mess , " Mr. Trump said . 
 Mr. Trump 