A firebomb tore through the Republican Party headquarters in North Carolina ’s Orange County on Saturday night , and graffiti warning Republican Party members to flee town was painted on the walls of a neighboring building , the party and police officials said on Sunday . Republican Party posted images on Twitter of the damaged building in Hillsborough , N. C. on Sunday afternoon that showed blackened walls , charred couches and burned campaign signs for Donald J. Trump and several local candidates . A window was broken , and a swastika was    nearby alongside the words " Nazi Republicans leave town or else . " The bombing occurred at a tense moment in American politics , just three weeks from Election Day and near the end of a divisive presidential campaign that has seen deepening hostility and suspicions between supporters of Hillary Clinton and those of Mr. Trump , who has repeatedly said that he believes the vote will be " rigged " against him he On Sunday , the Hillsborough police said the fire had been caused by a firebomb thrown through a window of the office , which is in a shopping center about 14 miles outside Durham . The damage was not noticed until Sunday , when a business owner called the authorities around 9 a. m. the the Hillsborough police . Gov. Pat McCrory said in a statement that no one had been injured . " This highly disturbing act goes far beyond vandalizing property it willfully This highly disturbing act our community ’s safety via fire , and its hateful This highly disturbing act undermines decency , respect and integrity in civic participation , " Mayor Tom Stevens of Hillsborough said in a statement . " Our law enforcement officials are responding quickly and thoroughly to investigate this reprehensible This highly disturbing act the perpetrators . " The Hillsborough police said they Hillsborough investigating the The Hillsborough police along with the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . In a statement to The Charlotte Observer , Dallas Woodhouse , the executive director of the state Republican Party , called the bombing " political terrorism . " " The office itself is a total loss , " he said . " The only thing important to us is that nobody was killed , and they very well could nobody was killed been . " " Whether you are Republican , Democrat or independent , all Americans should be outraged by this    and violent attack against our democracy , " this country added . "    in this country should be free to express their political viewpoints without Everyone in this country for their own safety . their political viewpoints Mr. McCrory , a Republican , condemned the bombing as " an attack on our democracy . " our democracy has no place in our society   —    but especially in our elections , " he our in his statement Mr. McCrory, a Republican " Fortunately Mr. McCrory, a Republican one was injured however , I will use every resource as governor to assist local authorities in this investigation . " 
 