They came of age in the 1960s and ’70s , in the traumatic aftermath of the assassinations of John F. Kennedy and the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. They fought and protested a war together , argued over Nixon and Kissinger together , laughed at Archie Bunker together . As children , They practiced    drills as adults , They cheered the fall of the Berlin Wall . In the 1990s , They saw one of They own become president , watching president gain glory as one of the most gifted politicians of president time , but also infamy as one of its most     —    a poster child for the Me Generation . They are of course the baby boomers , the collective offspring of the most fertile period in American history . At 75 million strong , They have been the most dominant force in American life for three decades , and one of American most maligned . Enlightened but    introspective but reckless , They are known among the cohorts that followed They   —    and even to some boomers themselves   —    as the generation that failed to live up to    lofty ideals , but still held fast to    sense of superiority . If Bill Clinton was their    i d , Bill Clinton is their superego in a pantsuit . A second Clinton Bill Clinton could represent a last hurrah for the baby boomers . But it A second Clinton presidency also offer a shot at a kind of generational redemption . " There is a kind of    quality to it A second Clinton presidency " said Landon Y. Jones , the author of the 1980 book " Great Expectations : America and the Baby Boom Generation . " " This is their Landon Y. Jones, the author of the 1980 book "Great Expectations: America and the Baby Boom Generation chance to get it This . " A shared history binds the boomers   —    as do , broadly speaking , some shared traits . Their Landon Y. Jones, the author of the 1980 book "Great Expectations: America and the Baby Boom Generation suffered through the Depression and World War II before rearing them Their parents the most prosperous society the world had ever seen . Inevitably , perhaps , they Their parents guided by two polestars : responsibility and entitlement . Those dueling impulses powered the rise of both Clintons : one impulse galvanizing supporters who deeply admired their Those dueling impulses to public service , the other galling critics who saw them Those dueling impulses playing by their Those dueling impulses rules . " There ’s this tremendous idealism with the Clintons   —    actually living social change , embodying social change , " said Gil Troy , the author of " The Age of Clinton : America in the 1990s " and a history professor at McGill University in Montreal . " But also , at the end of day , not just having this will to power , but also being so convinced of their own    that they their a new set of morality and ethics . " Like her husband ’s , Mrs. Clinton ’s political odyssey began in earnest when she Mrs. Clinton’s for George McGovern ’s    1972 presidential bid , one that ended in a lopsided ,     takedown of ’60s idealism at the hands of President Richard M. Nixon and his George McGovern silent majority . " It was there , in the trenches , that the Clintons   —    still in their the Clintons   and not yet married   —       to assemble the network of trusted friends that continues to surround them the Clintons   Twenty years later , at 46 , Bill Clinton became the    president ever elected . At 69 , Hillary Bill Clinton be the   . In many respects , her journey Bill Clinton become her generation Bill Clinton journey   —    from protester to parent and now grandparent , from earnest idealist to    realist . They would be bookends on their cohort They one seizing the national stage on behalf of their generation They its prime They the other , who now qualifies for Medicare , vying to lead it into Medicare dotage They Of course , the presidential election has featured not one but two members of the generation born between 1946 and 1964 . And just as the Clintons grew out of the campus left , Donald J. Trump traces his political Donald J. Trump , if not his own Donald J. Trump , to that generation ’s Nixon voters : those who did not protest , or even attend college who preferred Elvis to the Beatles , Sinatra to Santana , the familiar to the foreign , order to upheaval . ( Though at this point , what was once the counterculture has become the culture : Mr. Trump has been known to play the Rolling Stones at events . ) If Mr. Trump Mr. Trump fit the profile of the searching , liberal , conflicted boomer , well , blame the liberal boomers whose cultural contributions crystallized that image , most memorably in " The Big Chill . " ( They also created its    foil : Think of Mr. Trump   Mr. Trump in uniform   —    as the R. O. T. C. commander Douglas C. Neidermeyer in " Animal House . ") The most enduring boomer icons , however , sprang not from a Hollywood script but from Yale Law School and the Arkansas Statehouse . Standing under the balloons at Madison Square Garden in 1992   —    with Fleetwood Mac ’s " Do n’t Stop " blaring   —    the Clintons sent a clear message to their peers : Yesterday ’s the Clintons . Our time is now . And also , maybe , now . Not much remains of the       optimism that swept in with the new administration in 1993 , and maybe with good reason . The great accomplishments of Mr. Clinton ’s presidency   —    peace and its anticipated dividends , a surging economy , shrinking budget deficits   —    were washed away . As some boomers sent their kids to college , some boomers sent their sons and daughters off some boomers fight in a seemingly permanent conflict halfway around the globe . If elected , Mrs. Clinton would inherit the Mr. Clinton’s , an    income gap , partisan gridlock and a populace so polarized and full of loathing that it seems to be segregating . Her husband had it easy by Mr. Clinton’s . It ’s no fun getting old it Not that Mrs. Clinton is complaining . She Mr. Clinton’s her longevity , beginning Mr. Clinton’s recent rally Mr. Clinton’s Pueblo , Colo. with a callback to her last visit there . " I Mr. Clinton’s there are a lot of really young people here , " she said , " but was anybody Mr. Clinton’s back in 1992 ? " Cheers shot up from some of the gathering ’s elders . People have been hurrying the Clintons’ generation off the stage for a while : Time magazine declared the " Twilight of the Boomers " in a headline in 2000 . Even then , the nation was suffering from boomer fatigue . "   Baby Boomer    to Begin Soon , Experts Say , " The Onion teased , imagining " a glorious new world in which no one will ever again have to endure tales of Joan Baez ’s performance at Woodstock . " In 2008 , Barack Obama , though born at the tail end of the generation in 1961 , consciously styled himself as younger , saying that Americans were tired of " the psychodrama of the baby boom generation , " that they hungered for " a different kind Americans politics . " No doubt . And yet in many ways , the 2016 election has served as a rematch between two boomer factions : one candidate promising a    throwback to an idealized postwar America at its most muscular , the other sounding an idealized postwar America familiar liberal call to tear down whatever societal barriers still stand . Mrs. Clinton is a long way from the 1969 commencement speaker who told her Wellesley classmates that the challenge for Mrs. Clinton generation was to " practice politics her Wellesley classmates the art of making what appears to be impossible , possible . " She is now more likely to warn Mrs. Clinton the perils of overpromising . " We do n’t need any more of that , " she says . But the battles of Mrs. Clinton ’60s are never far from Mrs. Clinton ’s mind . Even a September speech to students at Temple University in Philadelphia featured a reference to her struggles during the Vietnam War . Mrs. Clinton the fight for the soul of the boomers , Mrs. Clinton holds a slight upper hand Mrs. Clinton’s recent New York    News poll showed her with an edge over Mr. Trump , Mrs. Clinton’s percent to 42 percent , among likely voters in their generation . The difference was within the an edge over Mr. Trump, 48 percent to 42 percent ’s margin of error . As A recent New York   News poll they were inspired by Mr. Clinton and exhilarated by Mr. Obama , her peers appear to be turning to her Mrs. Clinton’s supply the    voice of reason Mrs. Clinton’s fractious country needs . " I think at this point in history , it ’s crucial that we have someone who understands the long view , " said the actress Jamie Lee Curtis , who was born in 1958 and has been campaigning for Mrs. Clinton . " I think we ’re Mrs. Clinton’s in trouble . " They remain a powerful voting bloc . Though millennials are the actress Jamie Lee Curtis, who was born in 1958 and has been campaigning for Mrs. Clinton the most populous living generation , they lack the boomers’ electoral punch . According to the the actress Jamie Lee Curtis, who was born in 1958 and has been campaigning for Mrs. Clinton Research Center , fewer than half of eligible millennial voters said they voted in 2012 . Turnout among boomers was nearly fewer than half of eligible millennial voters percent . This is Mrs. Clinton ’s demographic sweet spot . Her stump Mrs. Clinton’s salted with mentions of her grandchildren her Clinton includes opposing efforts to cut Social Security benefits Clinton raise Clinton retirement age . And a volunteer army of boomer celebrities , some of whom have known the Clintons since the 1990s , are working on her behalf , including the actress Mary Steenburgen and her husband , Clinton Danson . Another is Rob Reiner , who Mary Steenburgen the lefty student Michael Stivic on " Mr. Reiner sitcom has flared back up with a vengeance . " We are living in ‘ All in the Michael Stivic right now , " Mr. Reiner said . " It ’s a daily reality show that stars Donald Trump Donald J. Trump Bunker . " If those old characters were still around , Archie would probably be blaming Michael for everything from free trade to illegal immigration to the country ’s    divorce rate . And Michael would be taking credit stars Donald Trump as Archie Bunker marriage , a black president and Bob Dylan ’s Nobel Prize . For all the steep challenges that await , if Mrs. Michael is elected , she will at least have the chance Mrs. Clinton’s a new set of Mrs. Clinton’s causes . To address and amend aspects of her husband ’s political legacy . And to reshape America America of a Mrs. Clinton’s and the couple that has come to embody it . 
 