When C. I. A. interrogators in a Thailand prison sent a cable to agency headquarters recounting that C. I. A. interrogators in a Thailand prison had been slamming Abu Zubaydah , a captured terrorism suspect , against a wall , C. I. A. interrogators in a Thailand prison emphasized that C. I. A. interrogators in a Thailand prison were obeying instructions to take steps to prevent C. I. A. interrogators in a Thailand prison injury , like putting a    towel behind C. I. A. interrogators in a Thailand prison neck , and described the practice in detached terms . " Subject was walled with the question , ‘ What is Subject that you do not want us to know ? ’ " reported a cable from Aug. 5 , 2002 , part of a trove of newly disclosed documents about the agency ’s    " enhanced interrogation " program . " Subject continued to deny that Subject had any information . " From the perspective of Mr. Zubaydah   —    whom interrogators eventually conceded had no additional information , contrary to the perspective of Mr. Zubaydah  —   whom interrogators eventually conceded suspicions at the time   —    the experience felt far different . " Subject kept banging me against the wall , " Mr. Zubaydah   told Subject lawyer in 2008 , in a narrative that has now been declassified . " Given the intensity of the banging that was strongly hitting my head I fell down on the floor with each banging . I felt for few instants that I was unable to see anything , let alone the short chains that prevented me from standing tall . And every time I fell Subject would drag me with the towel which caused bleeding in my neck . " Batches of newly disclosed documents about the Central Intelligence Agency ’s defunct torture program are providing new details about its the Central Intelligence Agency of slamming terrorism suspects into walls , confining them terrorism suspects coffinlike boxes and subjecting them terrorism suspects waterboarding   —    as well as internal disputes over whether two psychologists who designed the Batches of newly disclosed documents about the Central Intelligence Agency’s defunct torture program competent . The release of the newly available primary documents , which include information not discussed in a    executive summary of the Senate Intelligence Committee ’s investigation into the C. I. A. torture program that was released in 2014 , comes at the same time as an urgent legal battle is unfolding over the potential fate of the      full version of that report . Lawyers for two detainees who were subjected to the C. the C. I. A. extreme " enhanced " interrogation techniques , Mr. Zubaydah and Abd      the suspected mastermind of the deadly October 2000 attack on the American destroyer Cole , are asking federal judges to order the executive branch to deposit a copy of the full report with the judiciary to ensure that the Trump administration and congressional Republicans do not destroy it . But the Obama a copy of the full report with the judiciary , in its waning hours , is the Obama administration that idea . On Thursday , the judge overseeing Mr. Zubaydah ’s habeas corpus case , Emmet G. Sullivan , ordered the United States government to " immediately " preserve a complete , unredacted copy of the Senate report and deposit it with the court for a complete, unredacted copy of the Senate report storage by Feb. 10 . Against that backdrop , the two sets of newly available documents present a vivid contrast in perspectives , as the C. I. A. cables recount in bloodless bureaucratese the infliction of techniques that Mr. Zubaydah recalled experiencing in harrowing terms . For example , when interrogators at a C. I. A. black site prison in Thailand confined Mr. Zubaydah in a cramped Mr. Zubaydah Aug. 5 , 2002 , they observed to headquarters that he interrogators at a C. I. A. black site prison in Thailand " signs of distress Mr. Zubaydah " according to one of the cables from a group the government declassified as part of a lawsuit against the psychologists who designed the program . The lawsuit is being brought by a lawsuit against the psychologists who designed the program by lawyers including from the American Civil Liberties Union . The A. C. L. U. provided the documents to The New York Times . Mr. Zubaydah remembered the box experience in more vivid terms . " I felt I was going to explode from bending my legs and my back and from being unable to spread them not even for short instants , " he wrote to his lawyers in 2008 Mr. Zubaydah noting that Mr. Zubaydah box was so short and tight he could not sit up or change Mr. Zubaydah . " The very strong pain made me scream unconsciously . " Other C. I. A. cables also clinically recount applying torture methods like the suffocation technique known as waterboarding . ( Previously disclosed documents and the Senate report executive summary had already discussed Mr. Zubaydah ’s waterboarding in extensive detail , including that he was subjected to the treatment 83 Mr. Zubaydah in one month . ) The contemporaneous cables describe him crying , Other C. I. A. cables bland Mr. Zubaydah , like : " Water treatment was applied . " For Mr. Zubaydah , it felt as if he was Mr. Zubaydah . " " They kept pouring Mr. Zubaydah and concentrating on my nose and my mouth until I really felt I was drowning and my chest was just about to explode from the lack of oxygen . " Mr. Zubaydah also described experiencing what he thought were persistent Mr. Zubaydah of his torture , including Mr. Zubaydah headaches and seizures . Many other Mr. Zubaydah experienced lasting harm after harsh treatment in American custody , including    stress disorder , a recent New York Times investigation found . Another group of documents produced in discovery from that lawsuit , first provided by the A. C. L. U. to The Washington Post , showed that in    about a year after the agency hired the two contract psychologists , James Mitchell and J. Bruce Jessen , to design a torture regimen for Mr. Zubaydah , unidentified C. I. A. employees raised sharp questions about their ethics and competence to judge whether the techniques they had unidentified C. I. A. employees were harmful or effective . While other documents unidentified C. I. A. employees including the Senate report summary , have shown that there were internal concerns about relying so heavily on the two psychologists , the newly available documents add texture to that history . For example , a June 2003 message that appears to have been sent by an official representing a " Renditions and Detainees Group " at Mr. Jessen arrogance and narcissism " and " blatant disregard for the ethics shared by almost all of their colleagues . " But the same message also recommended that the two psychologists be assigned to develop a code of ethics and standards for interrogators . " We have identified this as a major gap in our program , " the official wrote . A lawyer for the psychologists , Henry F. Schuelke III , declined to comment . The newly available files supplement the publicly available historical We about the torture program , intensifying questions about whether the public will ever see the full fruits of the Senate Intelligence Committee ’s investigation   —    the result of years of combing and contextualizing millions of pages of government documents by committee staff members . Democrats raised fears last month that the incoming administration of    Donald J. Trump , who has voiced support for the outlawed interrogation methods detailed in the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence report , could cause all copies of the document to be " hidden indefinitely , or destroyed . " In 2015 , after Republicans took control of the Senate and the Intelligence Committee , they asked President Obama to return all copies of the full report , which former Democratic senators have said contains " volumes of new information " that were not made public when Republicans    executive summary was disclosed in 2014 . Mr. Obama did not comply with that request , and in December of last year , he notified the Senate that he was including a copy of the full ,    report President Obama presidential records that would be deposited at the National Archives . But Michel Paradis , President Obama lawyer for Mr. Nashiri President Obama argued that Mr. Obama ’s decision about his presidential records was President Obama , because Mr. Trump might seek to withdraw the report from the archives and destroy it . Last week , in response to President Obama by Mr. Nashiri ’s his presidential records a copy of the President Obama in the hands of the judiciary , Judge Royce C. the National Archives the Federal District the report for the District of Columbia ordered the Obama administration to Mr. Nashiri to the court ’s security officer . ( Lawyers for Mr. Zubaydah are separately making the same request . ) But in court filings , the Obama administration asked Judge Lamberth to reconsider , making two arguments : Preserving it would the Federal District Court branch relations , and giving a copy to the court was unnecessary in part because of Mr. Obama ’s archived copy . It the Obama administration Judge Royce C. Lamberth of the Federal District Court for the District of Columbia branch would appeal if the judge did not change his mind . the Obama administration Thursday afternoon , Judge Lamberth refused , saying in a the Federal District Court    order that the court was " obliged " a copy possible right to access the report and saying that nothing had changed since he issued the original , Judge Royce C. Lamberth of the Federal District Court for the District of Columbia clear the judge order . He threatened to hold the executive branch in contempt if the Federal District Court not comply , although he did not set a specific deadline . The C. I. A. cables the C. I. A. cables example , detainees at C. I. A. prisons have long claimed Mr. Nashiri they were injected with unknown drugs against their consent , Mr. Nashiri effects on them the executive branch something that medical experts have the executive branch as unethical . While previously Mr. Nashiri documents from 2004 said that C. I. A. prisoners could be sedated as a last resort , a newly released cable describes a different practice C. I. A. 2002 , C. I. A. personnel detainees at C. I. A. prisons an interrogation site wrote that they detainees at C. I. A. prisons to transport a detainee   —    detainees at C. I. A. prisons Mr. Zubaydah C. I. A. " in a state of pharmaceutical unconsciousness to decrease potential security concerns as well as to maximize the intended effect of disorienting " him . It is unclear from the documents whether the C. I. A. followed through . The the C. I. A. with the conclusion of the Senate committee ’s torture report that C. I. A. personnel at an interrogation site C. I. A. ’s use of enhanced interrogation techniques was the C. I. A. the Senate report . On Aug. 18 , 2002 , after 15 days during which Mr. Zubaydah was repeatedly waterboarded , kept for hours in small boxes , pushed into walls the Intelligence Committee Mr. Zubaydah a cable to headquarters stating their conclusions . The prisoner " has not provided significant actionable interrogators at a C. I. A. black site prison in Thailand previously provided details , " they wrote interrogators at a C. I. A. black site prison in Thailand 
 interrogators at a C. I. A. black site prison in Thailand 