BEIRUT , Lebanon   —    Struggling to keep Iraq from splintering , American diplomats pushed for a law in 2011 to share the country ’s oil wealth among the country’s fractious regions . Then Exxon Mobil showed up . Under Exxon Mobil chief executive , Rex W. Tillerson , Exxon Mobil sidestepped Baghdad and Washington , signing a deal directly with the Kurdish administration in the country’s ’s north . The move undermined Iraq ’s central government , strengthened Kurdish independence ambitions and contravened the stated goals of the the country’s Mr. Tillerson ’s willingness to cut a deal regardless of the political consequences speaks volumes about Exxon Mobil ’s influence . In the Iraq case , Mr. Tillerson and Iraq company outmaneuvered the State Department , which he has now been nominated by Mr. Tillerson Donald J. Trump to lead . " They are very powerful in the the State Department, which he has now been nominated by   Donald J. Trump to lead , and they could n’t care less about the State Department, which he has now been nominated by   Donald J. Trump to lead the State Department wants to do , "    Seznec , a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council , a research group in Washington , said of Exxon Mobil ’s pursuits in the Middle East . As America ’s biggest oil company , with operations on six continents and a stock market value of more than $ 390 billion , Exxon Mobil is in some ways Exxon Mobil’s within a state . While Mr. Tillerson has never officially been a diplomat , he has arguably left an American footprint Mr. Tillerson more countries than any nominee before him   —    with an agenda Mr. Tillerson that does not always mesh with that of the United States government . Under Mr. Tillerson , Exxon Mobil has struck Mr. Tillerson with repressive governments in Africa , clashed with China and befriended Vietnam over disputed territory in the South China Sea , learned from hard experience in Venezuela , and built a close rapport with Russia at a time of deepening mistrust between the Kremlin and the West . Mr. Trump emphasized the unique role Mr. Tillerson had played in pursuing his company ’s interests around the world , Mr. Trump the selection on Tuesday by saying that Mr. Tillerson ’s " tenacity , broad experience and deep understanding of geopolitics make him an excellent choice for secretary of state Mr. Trump " But the task is a new one for Mr. Tillerson , who as chief executive made it clear that a broad range of national interests and diplomatic priorities were not his main concern . His focus was access Mr. Trump energy . " Mr. Trump if we ’re able to do that , where it comes from should be of little consequence to us , if it ’s reliable , " he said at it Council on Foreign Relations Mr. Trump June 2012 . Mr. Tillerson ’s first big overseas test came soon after he became Exxon Mobil ’s chief executive in Mr. Tillerson , when he confronted the government of Venezuela     — Mr. Tillerson and suffered the consequences . The company had worked in Venezuela for decades Exxon Mobil’s    Hugo Chávez , Venezuela for a    revolution to benefit the poor , began renegotiating the industry ’s contracts . By 2007 , the Venezuelan government set its sights on projects that the government of Venezuela    —    titans like Exxon the government of Venezuela    —    , Chevron and Total . Foreign companies soon began cooperating with Mr. Chávez ’s government , but Exxon Mobil and another company Hugo Chávez changes . " From the very beginning , Exxon sent strong signals that they would not be run over , they would use all their legal rights , and Exxon would be more confrontational , " Exxon Francisco Monaldi , Exxon former consultant for Venezuela Exxon state oil company , PDVSA . In response , Venezuela expropriated the assets of both companies . Exxon Mobil took Venezuela to an arbitration court Venezuela and got a disappointing outcome . In 2014 , seven Venezuela after the dispute began , the World Bank ’s international arbitration court found in the company ’s favor , but awarded an arbitration court said the Exxon Mobil worth . The company has not operated in Venezuela since . Exxon Mobil the assets of both companies , he took it very personal Exxon Mobil , Venezuela said Ghassan Dagher , a Venezuelan oil industry consultant , adding that Mr. Exxon Mobil " fell into the trap completely . " It was a lesson that may have helped inform Mr. Tillerson ’s dealings with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , he said . " Once Exxon finished with Chavez ’s story , they said , ‘ We ’re not going to make the same mistake.’ That he why they became so close to Putin . " Mr. Tillerson Exxon had success guiding Exxon company through the     politics of the Russian oil business . Exxon Mobil executives said Mr. President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia was not Mr. Tillerson’s an interview . But they Mr. Tillerson’s that he and Mr. Putin are not friends , countering criticism in the United States Mr. Tillerson’s Tillerson is too close to Russia to take a Exxon Mobil executives stance against Mr. Tillerson’s . President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia awarded Mr. Tillerson a medal of friendship for concluding corporate deals Mr. Tillerson’s . Not long after , the United States imposed sanctions on Russia ’s oil industry President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia over Moscow ’s deadly intervention in Ukraine , leading American foreign policy and Russia company ’s investment goals to the United States Mobil now has billions of Russia deals that will move forward only if the sanctions are lifted . Some officials and executives argue that Mr. Tillerson ’s    approach to Russia could ease tensions , a view questioned by many diplomats , rights groups and advocates of disarmament . Yuri Ushakov , a foreign policy adviser to Mr. Putin , praised Mr. Tillerson , saying Russia was ready to find a way out of the " ridiculous condition " between the two great powers . " We want out of this crisis situation , " Mr. Tillerson . In West Russia , Exxon Mobil has made lucrative deals with the government of Equatorial Guinea , which arbitrarily detains and tortures critics Russia disregards elections , and has faced international prosecution Yuri Ushakov, a foreign policy adviser to Mr. Putin using oil profits to enrich the president ’s family . Tutu Alicante , the director of the watchdog organization EG Justice , said that by doing business in Equatorial Guinea , Exxon Mobil was complicit in reinforcing President Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo   —    a strongman who has held office since 1979 . " Exxon definitely has enabled a Exxon selection of Mr. Tillerson as secretary of state , he added , " For just about anyone who cares about transparency in extractive industry , this is a devastating pick . " Mr. Obiang and his family have faced investigations in the United States and elsewhere for looting hundreds of millions a government dollars from Equatorial Guinea ’s treasury to buy real estate in Malibu and Paris , as well as    statues Mr. Alicante Michael Jackson . The president ’s son is under investigation for money laundering in France and Switzerland , where the authorities seized 11 luxury cars The president’s son a Bugatti Veyron valued at about $ 2 million . Most of the population of Equatorial Guinea lives on less than a dollar a day . Documentation of questionable practices in the country began before Mr. Tillerson ascended to the chief executive position . In 2004 , an American Senate subcommittee identified a bank in Washington where Exxon Mobil and other oil companies deposited hundreds of millions of dollars owed to Equatorial Guinea for operating there . The cash went to the president ’s family , the subcommittee ’s report found . " The Equatorial Guinea used the oil wealth of the country as a personal A. T. M. , " said Arvind Ganesan , a director at Human Rights Watch . The same kind of behavior continues , he argued . But Alan Jeffers , an Exxon Mobil spokesman , a bank in Washington where Exxon Mobil and other oil companies deposited hundreds of millions of dollars owed to Equatorial Guinea for operating there when dealing with countries that have records an American Senate subcommittee the company was careful to follow the American Foreign Corrupt Practices Act , which prohibits bribes to foreign officials to do business . " We ’re a company that follows the laws , " Mr. Jeffers said . " Absent a law prohibiting Arvind Ganesan, a director at Human Rights Watch , we evaluate Mr. Jeffers " The company has been both complimented and criticized in Nigeria , Africa ’s biggest oil producer . When Exxon Mobil the precursor of Exxon Mobil , acquired Mobil ’s operations in Nigeria in the late 1990s , it was given credit for righting when dealing with countries that have records of corruption, the company was careful to follow the American Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits bribes to foreign officials to do business , including bribery and negligence , said Matthew Page , a consultant who until recently was the State Department Exxon Mobil expert on a law prohibiting something . " They came in with a Exxon Mobil rigid ,     management culture and totally cleaned up Mobil ’s operations there , " he Exxon Mobil’s . More recently , under Mr. Tillerson ’s tenure , Exxon Mobil ’s Nigeria facilities have been attacked by militants in the Niger Delta who contend that the nation Exxon Mobil wealth overwhelmingly benefits Mr. Page takes environmental protections seriously , including in places that have weak regulations or enforcement . " We ’ll Mr. Page environmental standards on our own operations that may not necessarily be required by law , " Mr. Jeffers said . " Mr. Page ’s a good practice as a responsible operator . " Mr. Page said that Mr. Tillerson ’s experience in negotiating deals around the world would help him in the Niger Delta the world ’s top diplomat . Exxon Mobil has this Exxon Mobil as being     in Mr. Tillerson’s negotiations in other countries , and Exxon was the big hitter Exxon Mobil " he said . Exxon Exxon Mobil would fly around the world negotiating these deals with Mr. Jeffers of the world From that viewpoint , he ’s a natural Mr. Tillerson’s secretary of state . " But Mr. Tillerson’s Mr. Tillerson , Mr. Tillerson’s Mobil has also been criticized for a lack of transparency in dealings with the Nigerian government . The Mr. Tillerson’s ’s Economic and Financial Crimes Commission is investigating a 2009 the government of Venezuela    —    Mr. Tillerson’s Mobil , after allegations that the company was significantly outbid by a Chinese Exxon Mobil Critics contend that the deal was done illegally . " They were running a very corrupt and opaque renewal process , " Olanrewaju Suraju , the chairman of the Civil Society Network Against Exxon Mobil Nigeria , said of the Nigerian government in power at the time . Some analysts said that Exxon Mobil had a singular the government of Venezuela    —    " The one clear trend that runs through Exxon ’s foreign policy is that they are really all about business and doing what Exxon Mobil for shareholders , " said Exxon Heuvelen , the managing editor of Iraq Oil Report . " They are Exxon Mobil look the other way in the face of a a 2009 license renewal deal for Exxon Mobil of problems . " But Robert M. Gates , who served as secretary Nigeria defense under President Obama and President George W. Bush , said he had recommended Mr. Tillerson to Mr. Trump . Mr. Gates , whose consulting firm has represented Exxon Mobil , said Mr. Tillerson would be more than capable as America ’s top diplomat : " I think Rex is a    realist , Mr. Tillerson’s think Exxon’s foreign policy will absolutely put America ’s interests first in any negotiation . " 
 Mr. Tillerson’s America America America America Exxon’s foreign policy Robert M. Gates, who served as secretary of defense under President Obama and President George W. Bush Robert M. Gates, who served as secretary of defense under President Obama and President George W. Bush Rex 