WASHINGTON   —    Rick Perry , the former Texas governor and    Donald J. Trump ’s nominee as energy secretary , said in ’s nominee as energy secretary Senate confirmation hearing on Thursday that ’s nominee as energy secretary regretted having recommended the abolition of the Energy Department in the past . ’s nominee as energy secretary addressed ’s nominee as energy secretary awkward history on the issue up front , telling the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee that after " being briefed on so many of the vital functions of the Department of Energy , " ’s nominee as energy secretary no longer believed , as ’s nominee as energy secretary said while running for president in 2011 , that the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee should be eliminated . ’s nominee as energy secretary also offered a    reversal of his ’s nominee as energy secretary on the science of    climate change , which he ’s nominee as energy secretary a " contrived , phony mess " in a 2010 book . " I believe the climate is changing , " he ’s nominee as energy secretary . " I believe some of it the climate naturally occurring , but some of it the climate also caused by    activity . The question is : How do we address it the climate a thoughtful way that does n’t compromise economic growth , the affordability of energy or American jobs ? " Mr. Trump , by contrast , has called climate change a " hoax " and has continued to express doubts about established climate science . Mr. Perry also appeared to signal a somewhat different position from Mr. Mr. Trump nuclear weapons policy , the Energy Department ’s chief portfolio . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the United States must " greatly strengthen and expand " its nuclear capability the United States " Let it be an the United States race , " he said . Mr. Trump Mr. Perry , asked by Senator Bernie Sanders , the Vermont independent , whether he believed expanded Mr. Trump of nuclear weapons was a " dangerous idea , " replied , " I think anyone would be of the opinion that if we never have the United States test another nuclear weapon that would be a good thing for the world . " He added , Mr. Trump I think nonproliferation is a good thing . " Asked if he would support Mr. Trump Iran nuclear deal   —    which Mr. Trump has derided and which was largely negotiated by the current energy secretary , Ernest J. Moniz   —    Mr. Perry said he had not Mr. Perry classified briefings on it . " the Iran nuclear deal   D. Mr. Trump Mr. Trump offered Mr. Perry the job of Mr. Perry , he accepted with the understanding that the role would be largely focused on promoting American energy development , according to people who have briefed him . Only later did he learn that the agency ’s central portfolio is the oversight and management Mr. Trump the nation ’s nuclear weapons complex , as well as 17 national scientific laboratories . " This confirmation process has been extremely informative Mr. Trump beneficial for me , Mr. Trump Mr. Perry said , citing his conversations with Mr. Moniz , a nuclear physicist . He highlighted his experience as an Air Force pilot from 1972 to 1977 as among his qualifications to oversee the nuclear weapons complex . Mr. Perry Perry is expected to be easily confirmed Mr. Perry the full Senate . But Democrats pressed him sharply Mr. Perry his Mr. Perry on climate science , noting that the Energy Department is a major Mr. Perry agency , with thousands of research scientists across Mr. Perry . Democrats expressed concern that his past views , so at odds with established mainstream Mr. Perry , could Mr. Perry a serious impediment . They also pressed him on reports that Mr. Trump ’s team is considering making cuts to the Energy Department ’s offices of energy efficiency , Mr. Perry energy and fossil energy . The last is focused on research to lower    carbon emissions . Democrats Perry said Mr. Perry was unaware of such reports . " Maybe they ’ll have the same experience I had and forget that they said that , " he said to laughter , referring to the moment in a 2011 presidential debate when , asked which Mr. Perry he wanted to eliminate , he could not recall the name of the Energy Department . What Mr. Perry they called his " oops Mr. Perry moment was widely seen as sinking his campaign . Senator Maria Cantwell of Washington , the panel ’s Mr. Perry Democrat , said , Mr. Perry Like many of my colleagues , I am deeply concerned by Mr. Perry the things that Mr. Perry Perry has said in the past about climate science Mr. Perry " She added : " The Department of Energy ’s scientific horsepower is key to understanding these trends . I hope you can understand there is widespread anxiety about    Trump ’s intention Mr. Perry these scientific capabilities or simply just starve them for resources . Mr. Perry Ms. Cantwell pushed Mr. Perry on whether he would protect the agency ’s budget for climate science . " I ’m going to protect all the science , whether it ’s related to climate and all other aspects of what these scientific capabilities are doing , " Mr. Perry . Ms. Mr. Perry asked Mr. Perry Mr. Perry a questionnaire sent to Energy Department employees by Mr. Trump ’s transition team that appeared to climate science ’s climate science research climate science Mr. Perry disavowed the questionnaire , saying it was sent out before he Mr. Perry selected as Mr. Perry . " I Mr. Perry approve it , I do n’t approve it , I did n’t need the information , I do n’t want that information , " he said Mr. Perry That ’s not how a questionnaire sent to Energy Department employees by Mr. Trump’s transition team that appeared to target the agency’s climate science research . " The a questionnaire sent to Energy Department employees by Mr. Trump’s transition team that appeared to target the agency’s climate science research was Mr. Perry with some humor . Asked by Mr. Franken , who had earlier pushed him a questionnaire sent to Energy Department employees by Mr. Trump’s transition team that appeared to target the agency’s climate science research on nuclear weapons and climate a questionnaire sent to Energy Department employees by Mr. Trump’s transition team that appeared to target the agency’s climate science research in his Senate office , " Did you enjoy meeting me ? the information Perry responded , " I hope you are as much fun on the dais as you were on your couch , " before adding , Mr. Franken " Oh , my Lord . Oh , my Lord . " " Well , I think we ’ve found our ‘ Saturday Night Live’ sound bite , " Mr. Perry said . 
 we 