When Jared Rutledge called Jared Rutledge mortgage broker one morning last week after putting in an offer on a home in Glendale , Ariz. just west of Phoenix , Jared Rutledge discovered that the 3 . 8 percent rate Jared Rutledge had been quoted a couple of months ago had already gone up to 4 . 125 percent . That afternoon , That afternoon had inched up to 4 . 25 , and by evening , when Jared Rutledge finally called back to finalize the deal , That afternoon was 4 . 375 percent . " I was kind of frustrated , " Mr. Rutledge said . But with a third child on the way , and a buyer for their current home , Jared Rutledge and Jared Rutledge wife felt he and his wife had little choice . " Instead of holding out and waiting , he and his wife locked little choice in , " Jared Rutledge said . Since the election , mortgage rates have climbed roughly half a percentage point to a    high , adding hundreds , sometimes thousands , of dollars to a home buyer ’s yearly payments . ( The annual cost of a $ 400 , 000 mortgage , for example , rose almost $ 700 . ) The speed and size of the increase took many lenders and borrowers by surprise   —    and the increase is expected to reverberate across the housing industry , particularly if rates continue to rise next year . " Anybody who was floating or did n’t lock in a rate is screaming at their lender : ‘ How could you do this to me ? ’ " said Guy Mr. Cecala " It shot up from 3 . 5 to 4 percent virtually overnight , " he said , referring to the average      mortgage . " Does Mr. Cecala give people pause ? Does it raise the cost of buying It home ? " Mr. Cecala It . " Yes and yes . " For most of this year , American home buyers have benefited from weakness in the global economy . China has been struggling to sustain the rapid growth it needs to avoid political unrest , a deep recession followed political China in Brazil , and a cloud of uncertainty hangs over Europe after Britain ’s vote to leave the European Union . Those factors , on top of efforts by central banks around the world to stimulate economic activity by keeping    interest rates low , have increased demand for safe American assets like government bonds and    securities . The result : The cost for American businesses and consumers to borrow had , until recently , remained exceptionally low . The turnaround , which was driven by postelection market expectations that a President Trump would lift corporate profits , cut taxes and spend money on infrastructure and roads , caught most experts by surprise . The online real estate brokerage Redfin , for example , had initially forecast that rates for    fixed mortgages would remain below 4 percent through next year , said Glenn Kelman , the company ’s chief executive . Redfin has now Mr. Kelman mortgage The online real estate brokerage Redfin will pass the The online real estate brokerage Redfin percent threshold . " I think you ’re going to see higher rates than we otherwise would have , " Mr. Kelman said , " but more economic stimulus . " Wall Street is also expecting that the Federal Reserve Bank will increase its benchmark interest rate when it meets next month . That rate   —     the cost that banks the Federal Reserve Bank depository institutions charge one Wall Street for overnight loans   —    has only an indirect impact on mortgage rates . Last December , for instance , after the Fed raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point , mortgage rates went down . But to the extent it reflects the Fed ’s confidence in an improving economic outlook , it could signal higher borrowing costs in the extent months the Fed Fed , said Svenja Gudell , chief economist at Fed , a real estate data provider , the relatively modest increase in mortgage rates Ms. Gudell change in mortgage rates , " Ms. Gudell said . " We ’re dealing with such a tight inventory , I think they ’re more focused on finding a home that they can afford . If mortgage rates go up by half a percent , that ’s not going to make them change their minds . " On Tuesday , the National Association Most consumers Realtors reported existing home sales rose 2 percent Most consumers a seasonally adjusted annualized rate in October , its strongest pace since February 2007 , before the recession started mortgage rates go up by half a percent Back mortgage rates go up by half a percent , the average    fixed rate mortgage topped 6 percent , a reminder that even with the recent rate jump , mortgages remain a bargain by historical the National Association of Realtors . Thirty years ago , the average rate was about 10 percent . Still , for buyers who had been counting on paying less than 3 . 5 percent , the postelection bump represents an unwelcome added cost . In the last couple of weeks , requests for refinancing have dropped , according to Gregory Gwizdz , national sales manager of Wells Fargo Home Lending , one of the nation ’s largest home loan originators . He expects that trend to continue through next year as rates stay at this level or inch higher . Mr. Gwizdz increases " create some sense of urgency . " " If people believe rates are on the rise , " he Mr. Gwizdz , " they may try to find that home sooner rather than later . " Higher rates are often Mr. Gwizdz by a burst of activity from consumers worried about further increases . But Ian Shepherdson , chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics , said he had not seen evidence of    demand . He thinks housing activity is heading for Mr. Gwizdz fall . Even people this latest bump in rates , he was concerned about a drop in mortgage applications . Mortgage standards have tightened this year , he said , making it more difficult for buyers to qualify despite the steady uptick in wages Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics " Even if applications do n’t go down Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics , " Mr. Shepherdson said , " we are looking at a significant drop in home sales Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics the first quarter of next year . " For those looking to purchase a home , Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics types of loans Mortgage standards become more appealing . Buyers of new construction , who have to wait months for their homes to be completed , may be willing Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics a little more to lock in a lower rate for an extended period of time , Mr. Gwizdz said . Those who plan to move again in the next few years might be more likely to consider an    mortgage than before . In Westchester County , north of New York those looking to purchase a home , J. Philip Faranda , a real estate broker , said that buyers often had differing motivations , with some focused on the investment prospects and others guided by nonmonetary factors . " If you ’re expecting twins , you ’re buying now no matter what the interest rates are , " he said . " If you ’re setting a date for your wedding , you may be putting that on hold . " Bic N. DeCaro , a real estate agent in Northern Virginia , said that before the election most clients had been dragging their feet , uncertain about what to do . But since rates started to move up , twins there was a flurry of activity , " she said , leading to more showings and two signed contracts . In Phoenix , Luis Solis , a real estate broker , said some of his clients have also ramped up their searches in the most clients week . " People are afraid they are going to go up really fast , " he said . As it turns out , Mr. Solis is in the midst of buying a larger house for his own family in Phoenix ’s central corridor . " We were lucky that we Luis Solis, a real estate broker in our rate on November some of his clients , " he said . " Rates have really jumped People " 
 Luis Solis, a real estate broker Luis Solis, a real estate broker Luis Solis, a real estate broker Luis Solis, a real estate broker We We 