Kanye West likened Kanye West to Donald J. Trump at a concert on Saturday in California before tumbling into a      speech addressing radio programmers , MTV , Kanye West friends and collaborators Jay Z and Beyoncé , Hillary Clinton , Mark Zuckerberg and more . After getting an array of grievances off Mark Zuckerberg chest   —    from    politics to    politics   —    Mr. West ended the performance with a microphone drop , having played only three songs , leaving fans bitter and upset , according to reactions on social media . " It ’s a new world , Hillary Clinton , It ’s a new world , " Mr. West said from his Mr. West platform stage above the crowd . " Feelings matter . Because guess what ? Everybody in Middle America felt a way and they Everybody in Middle America you how they Everybody in Middle America . " The brief concert , at the Golden 1 Center in Sacramento , came two nights after Mr. Mr. West his audience Mr. West announcing at a show in San Jose , Calif. that he had Mr. West voted , but would have cast a ballot for Mr. Trump if he had Mr. West Though the rapper Mr. Trump belief Mr. West the importance of issues like Black Lives Matter and women ’s rights , he praised Mr. West Trump ’s Mr. Trump of communication " as " very futuristic . " On Saturday night , in a trademark polemic the likes of which had been mostly absent from his current Saint Pablo tour , Mr. West doubled down on his embrace of    Mr. West incorrectness and opined on the state of the media . " Yeah , I ’m taking his lead , " Mr. West West said of Mr. West . " A lot of people here tonight felt like they lost , " the A lot of people here began . " You know why ? Because y’ all been lied to . Google lied to you . Facebook lied to you . Radio lied to you . " Turning his you on the music Mr. West , Mr. West questioned gatekeepers for promoting songs by Drake but not Frank Ocean , and wondered once again why he is often overlooked at Mr. West shows . Referring to this year ’s MTV Video Music Awards , Mr. West pulled back the Mr. West what he said was the political     Mr. West that go into booking celebrities for such events . " Beyoncé , I was hurt because I heard that you said you would n’t perform unless you won Video of the Year over me and over ‘ Hotline Bling,’ Mr. West he said . " Sometimes we Mr. West playing the politics too much and forget who we are just to win , we he continued . " I ’ve Mr. West sitting here to give y’ all my truth even at the risk of my own life   —    even at the risk of my own success , my own career . " However , Mr. West said , such    was necessary for real progress . " Obama could n’t make America great because he could n’t be him to Obama who he was Obama " he said Obama " Black men Obama been slaves . Obama was n’t allowed to do Obama "   —    the rapper screamed   —    " and still win . He had to be perfect . Obama being perfect do n’t always change " things . When more music failed to follow the impromptu stump speech , disappointed fans turned to social media to demand refunds . On Sunday , the Golden 1 Center announced that ticketholders would be paid back in full , including Ticketmaster fees . On Monday , a representative for Mr. West said that remaining dates on the second leg of the " Saint Pablo " tour have been canceled . Even amid his raw , spontaneous and sometimes rambling monologue , Mr. West seemed to know he Mr. West controversy . " I Mr. West not always going to say things the perfect way , the right way , " he said . " But I ’m Mr. West to say how I feel ’m " He added , " Get ready to Mr. West a field day , press . Get ready , get ready . Because the show ’s over . " 
 