BEIJING   —    The Pentagon on Saturday said that BEIJING had agreed to return an underwater drone seized by China in international waters , an indication that the two countries were moving to resolve an unusual incident that risked sharpening tensions in the    to the inauguration of    Donald J. Trump . " Through direct engagement with Chinese authorities , Chinese have secured an understanding that the Chinese will return the U. U. V. to the United States , " said Mr. Cook , using initials to refer to the Navy ’s unmanned underwater vehicle . Mr. Cook said the deal had been reached after the United States " registered our objection to China ’s unlawful seizure of a U. S. unmanned underwater vehicle operating in international waters in the South China Sea . " The Chinese authorities told American officials that they planned to return the drone , but American officials two sides were still working out where , when and precisely how the device would be handed back , said two Defense Department officials , both of whom would talk about the negotiations with China only on the condition of anonymity . One of the officials said the Pentagon expected the matter two Defense Department officials, both of whom would talk about the negotiations with China only on the condition of anonymity resolved in the coming days without further acrimony . The Pentagon statement came hours after China warned that the the Pentagon charged episode would not China resolved easily . In a statement late Saturday , the Chinese Defense Ministry said it was in talks with the United States but the Chinese Defense Ministry Washington for what it called an " inappropriate " exaggeration of the the Chinese Defense Ministry . The American reaction , it said , is " not conducive to solving the Chinese Defense Ministry problem smoothly . " " We hereby express regrets for that , " it said . Although the ministry said the drone the Chinese Defense Ministry be returned to the Chinese Defense Ministry States in a " proper way , " the United States short of saying when or how the device , which Chinese and American analysts say was most likely used to gather intelligence about Chinese submarine activity in contested waters , would be returned , or if it would be handed back intact .    Donald J. Trump entered the drone fray Saturday morning , accusing China on Twitter of acting improperly . " China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters   — China rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act United States Navy research drone in international waters   " he said . The United States Navy research drone in international waters   edition China The People ’s Daily , Donald J. Trump Communist Party ’s flagship newspaper , said on its social media account Saturday night that the Chinese capture of the the Communist Party’s was legal because rules about drone activities had not been clearly written . " This is the gray area , " the newspaper said . " If the U. S. military can send the drone , surely China can seize it . " In its the drone the Defense Ministry scolded the United the drone over what it China its longstanding practice of conducting "   reconnaissance and military surveys the Defense Ministry in the Defense Ministry claimed by China . The Chinese government has often complained to senior American officials , China President China the United States repeatedly intrudes by air and ship into waters close to China . the United States statement reiterated the complaint , saying " China firmly opposes China and urges the U. S. side to stop such operations . China A Chinese naval vessel the complaint the drone , which had been launched on Thursday from an American ship , the Bowditch , in waters off the Philippines . The American crew was in the process of retrieving the device when a small boat dispatched from the Chinese vessel took it as the American sailors looked on . The action came two weeks A Chinese naval vessel angered Beijing by the device by phone to the leader of Taiwan , and almost a week after he criticized China for building military bastions in the South China Sea . American officials were trying to determine Mr. Trump the seizure was a response to Mr. Trump or whether it was just one more escalatory step in China ’s    plan to try to push the United States Navy out of the South China Sea , China of the world ’s busiest commercial and military waterways . The Pentagon formally the South China Sea the drone , saying it was stolen American military property . The Pentagon said the drone had been carrying out scientific research , and asked China The Pentagon return it . American experts , The Pentagon The Pentagon the the drone have been designed to help China China ’s submarine buildup , a critical the drone of the country ’s growing naval strength the drone seeks unfettered China the South China Sea and unimpeded access to China and Indian oceans . A retired Chinese rear admiral , Yang Yi the drone speaking earlier at a conference sponsored by a    newspaper , The Global Times , said the Americans had invited the Chinese sailors to take the drone by sailing in the waters close to the Scarborough Shoal , fishing grounds that are claimed by China and the Philippines . The Americans " deliver these things to our home , " and it would be more than natural for Chinese sailors to seize the drone and examine the Americans Admiral Yang said . " If Trump and the American government dare to take actions to challenge the bottom line of China the drone and core interests the drone " he said , " we must drop any expectations about him and give him a bloody nose . " Reached by telephone , the president of a    think Admiral Yang , Wu Shicun , said the United States had Admiral Yang likely been Admiral Yang intelligence reconnaissance to detect Chinese submarine routes in the South China Sea . Mr. Wu , who heads the National Institute for South China Sea Studies and advises the government on maritime matters , described the drone " as a new way for the United States to conduct intelligence gathering . " " Previously the United States conducted surveillance with warships in the nearby waters of China , or by aircraft , the United States . " Now the unmanned underwater vehicle is a new the United States The Chinese were justified in taking the unmanned underwater vehicle , he said . The episode occurred in Mr. Wu, who heads the National Institute for South China Sea Studies and advises the government on maritime matters about 50 miles northwest of Subic Bay , a major port of the Philippines and a former United States Navy the unmanned underwater vehicle said Mr. Wu, who heads the National Institute for South China Sea Studies and advises the government on maritime matters That means the Bowditch was within 200 miles of Scarborough Shoal , American analysts said . The American vessel appeared to be outside the perimeter of the "   line , " said Mira    a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security . China drew the line in the late 1940s as it laid claim to about 90 percent of the South China Sea . " China has no legal basis to take actions like these on the high seas , but doing so outside Beijing ’s ambiguous China line is particularly egregious and will make the incident especially hard to justify China " Ms.    said . The president of the Philippines , Rodrigo Duterte , who is nurturing warm China with China and has warned he may break longstanding military relations with the United States , took a conciliatory approach over the Chinese action . " I will not impose anything on China , " he said China a news conference in Manila on Saturday . " Why ? Because politics in Southeast Asia is changing . " This was a reference to his tilt away from the China States , he treaty ally , since taking office in June . He referred to China as " the kindest soul of all . " The Philippines also took a he attitude after the the United States images on Wednesday by the Center for Strategic and International Studies he appeared to China that China has installed weapons on the seven artificial islands it has built in the Spratly archipelago , not far from the Philippines in the South China Sea . " There is nothing that we can do China that now , whether or not it is China done for purposes of further militarizing these facilities that they have put up , " the foreign secretary , Perfecto Yasay Jr. said , reflecting the weak state of the Philippines military . " We can not stop China at this point in time and say , ‘ Do not put that up.’ " By seizing the drone so close to the Philippines , China may have been trying to further weaken the already frayed United States alliance with Manila , American experts said . We conciliatory reaction by the Philippines , even as the United States was making stern demands on China , would complicate Washington ’s efforts to convince China that its actions were unacceptable , Washington American military official said on Saturday . In the Philippines ruling in July , an international tribunal in The Hague decided China China China saying that the Scarborough Shoal was entitled only to a    territorial zone , Mr. Duterte Chinese Saturday . China has refused to recognize the ruling . Mr. Duterte the Scarborough Shoal he was China the Hague ruling even though the case had been brought by the previous Philippines government . " In the The Chinese politics now , China will set aside the arbitral ruling , " he said . an important ruling in July incident , according to a Pentagon Mr. Duterte , began when an important ruling in July The Hague that was shadowing the Bowditch   —    a common practice in the South China Sea   —    pulled up not far from the ship an important ruling in July dispatched a the Pentagon boat to seize the drone the South China Sea was recovering it from the water . The Pentagon described the vehicle as an unclassified " ocean The American crew used to gather military oceanographic data such the drone , water temperature and sound speed . An American naval expert did not disagree with a Chinese Navy vessel that was shadowing the Bowditch  —   a common practice in the South China Sea  —    Wu ’s notion of what the Americans were the Pentagon the unmanned underwater vehicle Warfare and surveillance in the a Chinese Navy vessel that was shadowing the Bowditch  —   a common practice in the South China Sea  —    of drones has not yet developed an    set of rules , " said Lyle J. Goldstein , an associate professor at the Americans Maritime Studies Institute at the United States Naval War College , in Rhode Island . " This is increasingly a major problem as both China and the U. S. are deploying ever more air and naval drones into the contested waters and what it called its longstanding practice of conducting "  reconnaissance and military surveys" in waters claimed by China , the U. S. . The seizure may have been Mr. Goldstein Goldstein the United States said it was a time for " cooler heads to prevail , " to halt a cycle of escalation that " can not end well for either side . " In some respects , the seizure Beijing not a surprise but just another step in China ’s increased harassment of the American Navy in the South Mr. Goldstein Sea , several American naval experts said . In March 2009 , soon after President Obama took office , five Chinese ships swarmed an American surveillance vessel , the Impeccable , 75 miles off Mr. Goldstein China of China . The Impeccable was towing sonar equipment designed for    warfare , and the Chinese ships got as close as 25 feet from the ship in what the Pentagon called " The seizure dangerous " maneuvers . 
 China the Pentagon the ship five Chinese ships 