Donald J. Trump was in a state of shock : Donald J. Trump had just fired Donald J. Trump campaign manager and was watching Donald J. Trump discuss his Donald J. Trump at length on CNN . The rattled candidate ’s advisers and family seized the moment for an intervention . Joined by his Donald J. Trump Ivanka and her husband , Jared Kushner , a cluster of Mr. Trump ’s confidants pleaded with him Mr. Trump’s make that day   —    June 20   —    a turning point . He Mr. Trump’s have to stick to a teleprompter and end his Mr. Trump’s digressions and insults , like his Mr. Trump’s   attacks on a Hispanic federal judge . Paul Manafort , Mr. Mr. Trump’s chairman , and Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey argued that Mr. Trump had an effective message , if only he would deliver Mr. Trump . For an effective message , the campaign ’s polling showed , too many voters described him in two Mr. Trump : " unqualified " and " racist . " Mr. Trump bowed Mr. Trump team ’s entreaties Mr. Trump according to four people with detailed knowledge of the meeting , who described it on the condition of anonymity . It was time , he agreed , to Mr. Trump on track . Nearly two months later , the effort to save Mr. Trump from himself Mr. Trump failed . Mr. Trump has repeatedly signaled to Mr. Trump advisers and allies his Mr. Trump to change and Mr. Trump , but has grown only more volatile and prone to provocation since then , clashing with a Gold Star family , making comments that have been seen as inciting violence and linking his political opponents to terrorism Mr. Trump Advisers who once hoped a    transformation would refashion a crudely effective political showman into a plausible American president now increasingly concede that Mr. Trump may be beyond coaching . He has ignored their pleas Mr. Trump counsel as his poll numbers have dropped Mr. Trump boasting to friends about the size of his crowds and maintaining that Mr. Trump can read surveys better Mr. Trump the professionals . In private , Mr. Trump ’s mood is Mr. Trump erratic , his associates say . He veers from Mr. Trump at members of Mr. Trump staff to grumbling about how he Mr. Trump better off following his own Mr. Trump during the primaries and Mr. Trump he should not have heeded their calls Mr. Trump change . He broods the primaries his souring relationship with Mr. Trump news media Mr. Trump calling Mr. Manafort several times a day to talk about specific stories . Occasionally , Mr. Trump blows off steam in bursts Mr. Trump exuberance : At the end of a    on Long Island last week , he playfully buzzed the crowd twice with his Mr. Trump . But in interviews with more Mr. Trump 20 Republicans who are close to Mr. Trump or in communication with his campaign Mr. Trump of whom insisted on anonymity Mr. Trump avoid clashing with him , they described their nominee as exhausted , Mr. Trump and anonymity bewildered anonymity fine points of the political process and why his incendiary approach seems to be sputtering . He Mr. Trump routinely preoccupied with perceived slights , for Mr. Trump raging to aides after Senator Marco Rubio of Florida , in his    announcement , said he would stand up Mr. Trump the next president regardless Mr. Trump party . In a Mr. Trump Hill in early July , Mr. Trump bickered with two Republican senators who had not endorsed him he needled Representative Peter T. King of New York for Mr. Trump Mr. Trump donations from him over the years only to criticize him on television now Mr. Trump And Mr. Trump has begun to Mr. Trump to associates and even in Mr. Trump he might lose . In an interview on CNBC on Thursday , Mr. Trump said he was prepared to face defeat . " I ’ll Mr. Trump keep Mr. Trump the same thing I ’m doing right now , " he said . " And at the end , it ’s either Mr. Trump to work , or I ’m going to , you know , I ’m going to have ’m very , very nice , long vacation ’m " Jason Miller , a spokesman for Mr. Trump , said the Republican Mr. Miller dismissed accounts that he was downcast . Mr. Miller pointed to the crowds Mr. Trump attracts as a sign of strength . the Republican nominee Behind the scenes we have a very motivated and Mr. Trump candidate in Donald Trump , who knows what he needs to do to win this race , " Mr. Miller said . People around Mr. Trump and Mr. Miller operation say they are not ready to abandon hope Mr. Miller turnaround . But he is in Mr. Trump predicament , Mr. Trump say , People around Mr. Trump and his operation he is profoundly uncomfortable in the role of a typical general Mr. Trump candidate , disoriented by the crosscurrents he must now navigate Mr. Trump still relying impulsively on a pugilistic formula that guided him to the nomination . His advisers are Mr. Trump convinced of the basic potency of a sales pitch about economic growth and Mr. Trump    in Washington , Mr. Trump they aspire to compete in as many as 21 states , despite Mr. Trump ’s perilous standing in the four states   His advisers    Florida , Ohio , Pennsylvania and North Carolina   —    likely to decide the election . Charles R. Black Jr. an influential Republican lobbyist supporting Mr. Trump , said the campaign was in a continuing struggle to tame him . " He has three or four good Mr. Trump then makes another gaffe , " Mr. Black said . " Hopefully , he can him some more good days . " Of Mr. Trump ’s advisers , Mr. Black said , " They think he him making progress in terms of being able to make Mr. Trump not take the bait Mr. Black attack somebody makes on him . Mr. Black Mr. Trump ’s advisers now hope to steady him by pairing him on the trail with familiar , more seasoned figures   — Mr. Black people Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s advisers time with , Mr. Trump former Mayor Mr. Trump W. Giuliani of New York and former Gov. Mike Huckabee of Arkansas . Mr. Trump Giuliani , who campaigned with Mr. Trump early in the week , said he did not see the candidate as unmoored or unhappy . If anyone was disconcerted , Mr. former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York and former Gov. Mike Huckabee of Arkansas He does n’t seem to be as unnerved by these things that go Mr. Trump as the people around him , " Mr. Giuliani said . Still , he allowed Mr. Trump I think it is true that maybe it Mr. Trump him a little Mr. Trump to realize that we ’re moving from a primary campaign to a presidential campaign . " Mr. Mr. Trump , he Mr. Trump had become " a little Mr. Trump more realizing there are certain days left and you ’ve got to Mr. Trump messages out on those days . " Even before Mr. Trump ’s most recent spate of incendiary comments , Republicans who dealt Mr. Trump him after the primaries came away alarmed by his obvious unease as the de facto party leader . After a meeting in late May certain days left Trump and Karl Rove Mr. Trump architect of George W. Bush ’s presidential victories , Mr. Rove told associates Mr. Trump was stunned by Mr. Trump ’s poor Mr. Trump of campaign basics , including how to map out a schedule and use data to reach voters . Sitting with Mr. Rove friend , the casino magnate Steve Wynn , Mr. Trump said he would compete in states Mr. Rove Oregon , which has not voted Republican since Ronald Reagan ’s 1984 landslide . Mr. Rove later told people he believed Mr. Trump was confused and scared in anticipation of the general election , according to people who have heard Mr. Rove ’s account . Mr. Trump weeks later Mr. Trump when Governor Christie brokered a meeting at Trump Tower between Mr. Trump and governors from around the country , Mr. Rove in the Manhattan apartment of a mutual friend offered a desultory performance Mr. Rove in the Manhattan apartment of a mutual friend Mr. Trump his poll numbers , listening passively as the governors talked about their states and then sending them on their way . Mr. Trump never asked them for their support , three people briefed on the meeting said . With donors , Mr. Trump has been an indifferent Mr. Trump his campaign . He has resisted making    Mr. Trump and , during at least two major events in July , his poll numbers New York and Chicago his poll numbers burned his poll numbers hours Mr. Trump contributors by asking them his poll numbers go his poll numbers the room , one by one , giving him their thoughts on Mr. Trump should pick as his running mate . Mr. Trump left little Mr. Trump for the donors to query Mr. Trump about policy or strategy , or for him to reassure them about his campaign . Jay Bergman , an Illinois oil executive who attended potential contributors event in Chicago , said he wondered if Mr. Trump Mr. Trump taken potential contributors approach " Mr. Trump avoid answering questions Mr. Trump " On matters of policy , too , Mr. Trump has engaged Mr. Trump and idiosyncratically . Before delivering a policy speech Mr. Trump Detroit on Monday the donors Mr. Trump his campaign formation of an Mr. Trump plan to a few conservative economists outside his campaign , Chicago consulted him Jay Bergman, an Illinois oil executive who attended the event in Chicago Mr. Trump time and Mr. Trump haggled over the details in his office as he followed their Mr. Trump . Stephen Mr. Trump , a Heritage Foundation fellow , said he and Arthur Laffer , the Mr. Trump economist , had tangled over the top tax bracket while Mr. Trump observed from behind his desk , eventually siding with Mr. Moore . Mr. Trump , he said , also expressed strong views about the taxation of interest on business loans , citing his experience as a developer . " He ’s a typical businessman , right ? " Mr. Moore said . " He lets people argue it out , Mr. Trump made his case and Mr. Trump made their case . " " He ’s Mr. Trump world ’s Mr. Trump on the tax code , " Mr. Moore added , " but he has very good Mr. Trump about how these things will affect Mr. Trump people . " At the last minute , Mr. Trump Mr. Moore direct Mr. Trump advisers to incorporate a tax deduction for the cost Mr. Trump child care in his economic plan . people issue Mr. Trump which Mr. His advisers not discussed on the campaign trail , is a favorite of his Mr. Moore . Mr. Trump Trump ’s reliance on his family has only grown more pronounced . Mr. Kushner , Mr. Trump ’s     Mr. Trump no background in politics Mr. Trump has expanded his role : He now has broad oversight over areas including Mr. Trump campaign ’s budget , messaging and strategy Mr. Trump the power to approve spending . Mr. Trump has also continued to seek Mr. Trump from Corey Lewandowski Mr. Trump campaign manager whom Mr. Mr. Trump ousted in June at his children ’s urging . Efforts to bring in    experienced hands have been fruitless . Mr. Kushner had Mr. Trump enlisting Steve Mr. Trump , Senator John McCain ’s 2008 presidential campaign manager , but despite having met once with Mr. Trump during the primaries and speaking Mr. Trump a few times , Mr. Schmidt never signed on . Mr. Trump Mr. Kushner , hours before his explosive comment about " Second Amendment people " taking action the primaries , his brain trust reassembled again at Trump Tower in a reprise of their stern meeting in June Mr. Trump again urged Mr. Trump to adjust his Mr. Trump and comportment . The Mr. Trump , Tony Fabrizio , gave Mr. Trump , warning that Mr. Mr. Trump ’s numbers would only move in one Mr. Trump , his campaign major change . Mr. Mr. Trump , people briefed on the meeting said , digested the advice and responded receptively . It Mr. Trump time , he agreed , to Trump Tower track . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the meeting advice from Corey Lewandowski, the campaign manager whom Mr. Trump ousted in June at his children June his brain trust his brain trust 