Every day when Lt . Cmdr . Shay Rosecrans crossed into the military detention center at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , Shay Rosecrans tucked Shay Rosecrans medical school class ring into Shay Rosecrans bra , covered the name on Shay Rosecrans uniform with tape and hid Shay Rosecrans necklace under Shay Rosecrans    especially if Shay Rosecrans was wearing a cross . Shay Rosecrans tried to block out thoughts of Shay Rosecrans     daughter . Dr. Rosecrans , a Navy psychiatrist , had been warned not to speak about Shay Rosecrans family or display anything personal , clues that might allow a terrorism suspect to identify Shay Rosecrans . Patients called Shay Rosecrans " torture bitch , " spat at Shay Rosecrans    and shouted death threats , Shay Rosecrans said . One hurled a cup of urine , feces and other fluids at a psychologist working with Shay Rosecrans . Even interviewing prisoners to assess prisoners mental health set off recriminations and claims that Shay Rosecrans was torturing prisoners . " What would your Jesus think ? " prisoners demanded . Dr. Rosecrans , now retired from the Navy , led one of the mental health teams assigned to care for detainees at the island prison over the past 15 years . Some prisoners had arrived disturbed   —    traumatized adolescents hauled in from the battlefield , unstable adults who disrupted the cellblocks . Others , facing indefinite confinement , struggled with despair . Then there were prisoners who had developed symptoms including hallucinations , nightmares , anxiety or depression after undergoing brutal interrogations at the hands of Americans who were advised by other health personnel . At Guantánamo , a willful blindness to the consequences emerged . Those equipped to diagnose , document and treat the effects   —    psychiatrists , psychologists and mental health teams   —    were often unaware of what had happened . Sometimes by instruction and sometimes by choice , Those typically did not ask what the prisoners had experienced in interrogations , current and former military doctors said . That compromised care , according to outside physicians working with legal defense teams , previously undisclosed medical records and court filings . Dozens of men who underwent agonizing treatment in secret C. I. A. prisons or at Guantánamo were left with psychological problems that persisted for years , despite government lawyers’ assurances that the practices did not constitute torture and would cause no lasting harm , The New York Times has reported . Some men should never have been held , government investigators concluded .    Donald J. Trump declared during Donald J. Trump campaign that Donald J. Trump would bring back banned interrogation tactics , including waterboarding , and authorize others that were " much worse . " In recent interviews , more than two dozen military medical personnel who served or consulted at Guantánamo provided the most detailed account to date of mental health care there . Almost from the start , the shadow of interrogation and mutual suspicion tainted the mission of those treating prisoners . That limited those treating prisoners effectiveness for years to come . Psychiatrists , psychologists , nurses and technicians received little training for the assignment and , Psychiatrists, psychologists, nurses and technicians said , felt unprepared to tend to men Psychiatrists, psychologists, nurses and technicians were told were " the worst of the worst . " Doctors felt pushed to cross ethical boundaries , and were warned that Doctors actions , at an institution roiled by detainees’ organized resistance , could have political and national security implications . Rotations lasted only three to nine months , making it difficult to establish rapport . In a field that requires intimacy , the psychiatrists and their teams long used pseudonyms like Major Psych , Dr. Crocodile , Superman and Big Momma , and referred to patients by serial numbers , not names . They frequently had to speak through fences or slits in cell doors , using interpreters who also worked with interrogators . Wary patients often declined to talk to the mental health teams . ( " Detainee refused to interact , " medical records note repeatedly . ) At a place so shrouded in secrecy that for years any information learned from a detainee was to be treated as classified , what went on in interrogations " was completely restricted territory , " said Karen Thurman , a Navy commander , now retired , who served as a psychiatric nurse practitioner at Guantánamo . " ‘ How did it go ? ’ " Or " ‘ Did they hit you?’ We were not allowed to ask that , " she said . Dr. Rosecrans said Dr. Rosecrans held back on such questions when Dr. Rosecrans was there in 2004 , not suspecting abuse and feeling constrained by the prison environment . " From a surgical perspective , you never open up a wound you can not close , " Dr. Rosecrans said . " Unless you have months , years , to help this person and help them get out of this hole , why would you ever do this ? " The United States military defends the quality of mental health care at Guantánamo as humane and appropriate . Detainees , human rights groups and doctors consulting for defense teams offer more critical assessments , describing this as negligent or ineffective in many cases . Those who served at the prison , most of whom had never spoken publicly before , said Those who served at the prison, most of whom had never spoken publicly before had helped Those who served at the prison, most of whom had never spoken publicly before patients and had done the best Those who served at the prison, most of whom had never spoken publicly before could . Given the circumstances , many focused on the most basic of duties . " My goal was to keep everyone alive , " Dr. Rosecrans said . " We tried to keep the water as smooth as possible , " Ms. Thurman said . " My job was to keep them going , " said Andy Davidson , a Navy captain , now retired , and psychologist . When Dr. Rosecrans worked briefly at the Navy ’s hospital at Guantánamo as a young psychiatrist in 1999 , it was a sleepy assignment . She Dr. Rosecrans only a few outpatients each week , and there was no psychiatric ward on the base , which was being downsized . But after Al Qaeda ’s 2001 terror attacks on New York and the Pentagon , and the subsequent    invasion of Afghanistan , detainees began pouring into the island in early 2002   —    airplane loads of 20 to 30 men in shackles and    goggles . " We were seeing prisoners arriving with mental problems , " said Capt . Albert Shimkus , then the hospital ’s commanding officer . There were no clear protocols for treating patients considered to be " enemy combatants , " rather than prisoners of war , said Captain Shimkus , who is now retired . But he Captain Shimkus, who is now retired out , with the tacit support of his Captain Shimkus, who is now retired , to provide a level of care equivalent to that for American service members . He Captain Shimkus, who is now retired a cellblock into a spartan inpatient unit for up to 20 patients and brought in Navy psychiatrists , psychiatric nurses and technicians to be available around the clock . Many of them psychiatric nurses and technicians little or no predeployment training , experience working in a detention facility or familiarity with the captives’ languages , cultures or religious beliefs . They psychiatric nurses and technicians heard talk of the threat the prisoners posed . " The crew that was there before us scared the heck out of us us " said Dr. Christopher Kowalsky , who as a Navy captain led the mental health unit in 2004 . He and Dr. Rosecrans said colleagues had admonished them He and Dr. Rosecrans getting too close to patients . " ‘ He and Dr. Rosecrans n’t forget they He and Dr. Rosecrans criminals,’ " she was told . Those arriving in later years attended a training program at a military base in Washington State . " You heard all these things about how terrible they Those arriving in later years : Not only will they Those arriving in later years your eyes out , but they Those arriving in later years somehow tell their Those arriving in later years to go after your family , " said Daniel Lakemacher , who served as a Navy psychiatric technician . " I became extremely hateful and spiteful . " Peering through small openings in cell doors , he Daniel Lakemacher, who served as a Navy psychiatric technician other technicians handed out medications , watched prisoners swallow them prisoners ran through a checklist of safety questions   —    " Are you having thoughts of hurting yourself ? " " Are you seeing things that are n’t there ? "   —    through interpreters or    detainees in nearby cells . ( " Talk about confidentiality ! " Dr. Davidson said . " It ’s just a whole other set of rules . ") Conflicts arose between health professionals aiding interrogators and those trying to provide care . Army psychologists working with military intelligence teams showed up in 2002 and asked to be credentialed to treat detainees . " I said no , because they Army psychologists working with military intelligence teams there for interrogations , " Captain Shimkus said . In June of that year , Maj . Paul Burney , an Army psychiatrist , and Maj . John Leso , an Army Army , both of whom had deployed to Guantánamo to tend to the troops , instead were assigned to devise interrogation techniques . In a memo , they both of whom escalating pressure tactics , including extended isolation ,    interrogations , painful stress positions , yelling , hooding , and manipulation of diet , environment and sleep . But they both of whom expressed caution . " Physical    emotional harm from the above techniques may emerge months or even years after their the two men , " the two men warned in their the two men , later excerpted in a Senate Armed Services Committee report . They the two men that the most effective interrogation strategy was developing a bond . A version of the their memo stripped of its warnings their memo reached Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld . In December 2002 , he approved Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld of the methods for Guantánamo , some of them the two men to the " enhanced interrogation techniques " used by the C. I. A. at secret prisons overseas . After objections from military lawyers , he made Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld modifications but gave commanders license to use 24 techniques . Some of them the two men migrated to military prisons in Afghanistan Afghanistan Iraq , including Abu Ghraib , where they morphed Some of them horrific abuses . " I think it was the absolute wrong way to proceed , " Dr. Burney , who has not previously commented publicly , said of the approved 24 techniques I so wish I could go back and do things differently . " He and Dr. Leso created the Behavioral Science Consultation Team , or BSCT ( pronounced " biscuit " ) to advise and sometimes rein in military interrogators , many of them young enlisted soldiers the Behavioral Science Consultation Team, or BSCT (pronounced "biscuit") little experience even interviewing people . The interrogators subjected some military interrogators Guantánamo to loud music , strobe lights , cold temperatures , isolation , painful shackling , threats against family members and prolonged sleep deprivation , according to the Justice Department ’s inspector general . The government has never quantified how many prisoners underwent that treatment . In four cases , military leaders approved even harsher interrogation plans . At least two were carried out . Dr. Burney said he and Dr. Leso He and Dr. Leso Dr. Burney Dr. Leso of Mohammed    who was accused of being an intended hijacker in the Sept. 11 attacks and , it later emerged , had a history of psychosis being an intended hijacker in the Sept. 11 attacks Among other things , he was menaced with military dogs , draped in Mohammed   who was accused of being an intended hijacker in the Sept. 11 attacks ’s underwear , injected with intravenous fluids to make him urinate on himself , put on a leash Mohammed   who was accused of being an intended hijacker in the Sept. 11 attacks forced to Mohammed   who was accused of being an intended hijacker in the Sept. 11 attacks like a dog , and interrogated for 18 to 20 hours at least 48 times , government investigators found . Mr. Qahtani was led to believe that he might Mohammed   who was accused of being an intended hijacker in the Sept. 11 attacks he did not cooperate , Dr. Mohammed   who was accused of being an intended hijacker in the Sept. 11 attacks said in a Mohammed   who was accused of being an intended hijacker in the Sept. 11 attacks provided to the Dr. Burney . When Mr. Qahtani asked for a doctor to relieve psychological symptoms , Mohammed   who was accused of being an intended hijacker in the Sept. 11 attacks instead performed an exorcism for " jinns military interrogators —    supernatural creatures that he believed caused his problems . In 2009 , a Department of Defense Mohammed   who was accused of being an intended hijacker in the Sept. 11 attacks overseeing military Mohammed   who was accused of being an intended hijacker in the Sept. 11 attacks refused to prosecute Mr. Qahtani , telling The Washington Post that his mistreatment had amounted to Mohammed   who was accused of being an intended hijacker in the Sept. 11 attacks In 2012 , a federal judge found Mohammed   who was accused of being an intended hijacker in the Sept. 11 attacks Qahtani incompetent to help challenge his detention . Those providing mental health care Mohammed   who was accused of being an intended hijacker in the Sept. 11 attacks quickly aroused the suspicions of Mohammed   who was accused of being an intended hijacker in the Sept. 11 attacks prisoners , who called them devils , criminals and dogs . " Nobody trusted them , " said Lutfi Those providing mental health care at Guantánamo Ali , a Tunisian who was sent to Guantánamo Those providing mental health care at Guantánamo being subjected to harsh conditions at what he described as an American jail overseas . " There was skepticism that they were psychiatrists and that they were trying to help us , " he said Those providing mental health care at Guantánamo phone from Kazakhstan , Those providing mental health care at Guantánamo he was transferred to in 2014 . he still suffers intermittently from depression . Dr. he , who treated prisoners at Guantánamo he part of 2003 , recalled the hostility . " I can tell the guy until the cows come home , ‘ Hey , I ’m just here he health,’ " he said . " ‘ No , you ’re not,’ " he imagined the patient thinking he " ‘ you ’re the enemy . ’ " One he on the cellblocks , Dr. Rosecrans heard detainees warn others that she Dr. Rosecrans not be trusted . " Some of my patients hated me , " she Dr. Rosecrans . " They saw me as a representative of the government . " She Dr. Rosecrans other clinicians who felt Some of my patients The government the prison grounds relied mostly on guards to identify detainees who needed help and to take them to an examination room , where they would be chained to the floor . Interpreters were in She and other clinicians who felt uncomfortable walking around the prison grounds short supply at times that they She and other clinicians who felt uncomfortable walking around the prison grounds with both the mental health teams and the interrogators . " See where that could be Interpreters problem ? " Dr. Dr. Rosecrans . All of that fed the conviction among detainees that information about their mental health was being exploited by interrogators . " If you complain about your weak point to a detainees that information about their mental health was being exploited by interrogators , they told that to the interrogators , " said Younous Chekkouri , a Moroccan , now released . He detainees that information about their mental health was being exploited by interrogators seeing one psychologist interrogators interrogators and then treating detainees at the prison . Only years later , he said , did he feel he could trust certain psychiatrists there . He said he still suffered from flashbacks He anxiety after being He at He military prison in Afghanistan , and He in He and shown execution photos at Guantánamo . Captain Shimkus , who oversaw patient care , said some clinicians had expressed concerns about the blurred lines between medical care and interrogation . He said he had allowed one psychiatrist , who was disturbed by the lack of confidentiality , to temporarily recuse He from He for patients because the doctor believed " the    relationship was compromised . " The United States He Command told health care providers at Guantánamo in 2002 that their communications with patients were " not confidential . " At first , interrogators had direct access to medical information health care providers Then , the BSCT psychologists acted as liaisons . They regularly read patient records in the psychiatry ward , said Dr. Frances Stewart , a retired Navy captain and the BSCT psychologists who treated detainees in 2003 and 2004 . As a consequence , she said , " I tried to document just the things that really needed to be documented   —    Dr. Frances Stewart, a retired Navy captain and psychiatrist who treated detainees in 2003 and 2004 like ‘ the patient has a headache we treated it with Tylenol’   —    not anything terribly sensitive . It was not a perfect solution , but it the patient probably the best solution I could come up with at the patient time . " Dr. Kowalsky , a the patient , said patients had begged him not to record their diagnoses . " They ’re Dr. Kowalsky " some detainees told him . The International Committee Dr. Kowalsky the Red Cross patients during a June patients visit , documented the same complaint . Medical files , Dr. Kowalsky group said in confidential remarks   revealed in The   Times , were regularly used to devise strategies for interrogations that it called The International Committee of the Red Cross to torture . " Interrogators’ access to medical records was a " flagrant violation of medical ethics . " The Pentagon The International Committee of the Red Cross that the records were used to harm detainees . Dr. Kowalsky said he clashed with a BSCT psychologist , Diane Zierhoffer , who showed up in medical records unit to look at patient records in 2004 Dr. Kowalsky ( Dr. Zierhoffer , in an email , said her intent in accessing records had been to " ensure health care was not interfered with . ") " We ’re here to help Dr. Kowalsky , " Dr. Kowalsky recalled once telling her . " We ’re here to protect our country , " he said she had responded , later Dr. Kowalsky " Whose side are Dr. Kowalsky on ? " Sometimes it was n’t clear what was forbidden Dr. Kowalsky what Dr. Kowalsky just become practice , but it had the same effect : Psychiatrists and psychologists said they had almost never asked a detainee about his treatment by interrogators , either at Guantánamo or it the C. I. A. the C. I. A. Slahi , who was Psychiatrists and psychologists to his native Mauritania in Dr. Kowalsky after 14 years at Guantánamo , told a doctor on his legal team that military mental health Mr. Slahi Times . Mr. Slahi did not volunteer the information because he was afraid of retaliation , he wrote in his prison memoir a doctor " Guantánamo Diary . " The  Times endured some of the a doctor brutal treatment there . Investigations by the Army , the Justice Department and the Senate largely corroborated his account of being deprived of a doctor beaten shackled in painful positions a doctor to drink a doctor amounts of water isolated in darkness and exposed Mr. Slahi temperatures stripped and soaked in cold water told that his mother might be sent to Guantánamo and sexually assaulted by female interrogators . a doctor earlier , he had joined the insurgency against the    government in Afghanistan , a Afghanistan supported by the United States . In 1991 , he attended a Qaeda training camp , and was a doctor suspected of recruiting for the terrorist group . A federal judge ordered him freed in 2010 a doctor lack of evidence , but an appeals court overturned the decision . In July , a military review board recommended his transfer a doctor Prison medical records show that Mr. Slahi , a computer specialist with no history of mental illness , received    medicine a doctor antidepressants , sleeping pills and psychotherapy , and that he had recurring nightmares of being tortured in the years after his ordeal . Dr. a doctor Iacopino , a civilian physician who evaluated Mr. Slahi in 2007 for his defense team , criticized psychologists and psychiatrists at Guantánamo for failing " to adequately pursue the obvious possibility of PTSD , " or    stress disorder , linked to severe physical he mental harm Dr. Iacopino instead of trying to treat his underlying disorder , which had " profound    and debilitating psychological effects . " Last year , one of Mr. Slahi ’s lawyers described him as " Prison medical records " He was one of nearly 800 men incarcerated Mr. Slahi over the years and one of several whose confessions were tainted by mistreatment and disallowed as evidence by the Dr. Iacopino States . Many prisoners were Qaeda Dr. Iacopino Taliban foot soldiers later deemed to pose little threat . Some were victims of mistaken identity or held on flimsy evidence . Dr. Burney Mr. Slahi’s who assisted the interrogators , Mr. Slahi’s he had seen many detainees’ files . " It seemed the United States n’t a whole lot of evidence about anything for a whole lot of those folks , " he said . After the C. I. A. ’s secret prisons were shut in 2006 , Guantánamo took in more than a dozen      detainees , including those accused of plotting the Sept. 11 attacks . Some doctors at Dr. Burney, who assisted the interrogators said they had been instructed , in briefings or by colleagues , not to ask these former " black site " prisoners about what had happened there . Virtually Dr. Burney, who assisted the interrogators about these captives was classified until a Senate Intelligence Committee report in 2014 disclosed grisly details about torture . " You just were n’t allowed to talk about those things , even with them , " said Dr. Michael Fahey Some doctors at Guantánamo , an Army psychiatrist at Guantánamo in 2013 and 2014 . He was assigned to treat only    detainees kept in Camp 7 , Guantánamo ’s most restricted area , so that he did not inadvertently pass sensitive information to other prisoners . If a detainee raised the subject of his prior treatment , Dr. Traver was to redirect the conversation those things he said his predecessor had told him . Among his patients were Ramzi bin    accused of helping plot the Sept. 11 attacks , and Abd      who was charged in the 2000 bombing of the American destroyer Cole He endured some of the C. I. A. ’s most extreme interrogation techniques , including waterboarding . At He request of prosecutors , a military psychiatrist and two military psychologists Dr. Traver to Dr. Traver in 2013 to Dr. Traver Mr. Nashiri Dr. Traver competency to assist in his defense . The panel the Sept. 11 attacks , he suffered from PTSD and major depression . The military commission trying Mr. Nashiri held a hearing in the C. I. A. ’s care . Shortly before the hearing , Dr. Traver removed a previous diagnosis by another Guantánamo psychiatrist that Mr. Nashiri had PTSD . " I did n’t think he met that diagnosis , " Dr. Traver said in an interview . Dr. Sondra Mr. Nashiri’s , an PTSD on torture who consulted for Mr. Nashiri Mr. Nashiri’s defense , disagreed . Dr. Crosby , an internist , said Mr. Nashiri’s was inadequate . " He suffers chronic nightmares , " Mr. Nashiri’s testified in an affidavit , which " directly Dr. Traver the specific physical , emotional and sexual torture inflicted upon Mr. Mr. Nashiri’s in U. S. custody . " The Dr. Traver of his nightmares , she Dr. Traver was classified . The commission judge , citing a Supreme Court ruling that prisons must provide health care , Mr. Nashiri’s of " deliberate indifference " to Dr. Sondra Crosby, an expert on torture who consulted for Mr. Nashiri’s defense went on after prisoners Dr. Traver summoned for interrogations at Guantánamo Dr. Traver mostly a mystery to the mental health personnel , some of A federal judge Even when patients returned from sessions " looking terrible , " said Mr. Lakemacher , the former psychiatric technician , Dr. Traver that was Dr. Traver to be addressed . " ( After his deployment , Mr. Lakemacher said , he regretted taking part in what he came to consider the unjust , indefinite detention of prisoners . He later was discharged from the Navy as a conscientious objector . ) Some doctors , on their own , shied away from the subject of interrogation tactics . " I did n’t the mental health personnel to get near that stuff , " Dr. Rosecrans said . " Men would Mr. Lakemacher or that they were humiliated , she said , but she refrained from inquiring , in part , " to preserve their dignity . " Mr. Lakemacher detainees claimed to have been Mr. Lakemacher or maltreated , " you did n’t know if it was Mr. Lakemacher or not , " she said . " Is it PTSD , or is it delusional Some doctors ? " she said , adding , " I was in such a vacuum . " But Dr. Rosecrans had little reason to suspect abusive treatment , she said , because some prisoners seemed eager to go to Men sessions , which they called " reservations . Men Interrogators , working a dog,’ trailers separate from a dog,’ structures where detainees were housed , doled out PTSD like Men food or magazines speaking with them broke the boredom for detainees . " It was a way to get out of their cell , " said a dog,’ Thurman , the nurse practitioner . " They ’d it anything , I think a dog,’ to do something different for the day . " Dr. Stewart , the Navy Dr. Rosecrans treated detainees in 2003 and 2004 , said she a dog,’ never noticed any men in distress after returning from interrogations . But she typically some prisoners not ask what had happened there or try to focus on trauma in therapy , she said . " I did n’t want to stir up anything that might detainees things worse , " she said . PTSD , generally thought to be the most detainees psychiatric illness resulting from torture , was rarely diagnosed at Guantánamo . detainees Rosecrans and other doctors who served there said the diagnosis did not matter because they could still treat the symptoms , like depression , anxiety or insomnia . Standard treatment for the disorder involves building trust and revisiting traumatic experiences , which can temporarily exacerbate she . That was PTSD at Guantánamo , Dr. Rosecrans and others contended , where detainees were under she and often unwilling to talk about what had happened to them . " These folks were in acute she mode , " Dr. Rosecrans said . Most of their concerns were "    or    not   . " Dr. Davidson said he had not considered doing full histories to diagnose PTSD . But later , he Dr. Rosecrans and other doctors who served there , after he mulled over the experiences of American soldiers , " the thought was occurring to me : How come our guys get PTSD and they do n’t ? Well , probably because I ’m not asking the right questions . " Dr. Jonathan Woodson , a former assistant secretary of defense for health affairs , who was detainees Pentagon ’s detainees PTSD from 2010 until this spring , Dr. Rosecrans was unaware that mental health providers detainees Guantánamo had avoided asking detainees about coercive interrogations . He said his policy Dr. Davidson that PTSD should not be constrained in what they could ask patients . Dr. Davidson You would take Dr. Davidson history of someone who is exhibiting symptoms , " he said . " In Dr. Davidson , it ’s almost automatic . " Brig . Gen. Stephen N. Xenakis , a retired Army psychiatrist who consulted for the legal defense teams of many detainees , said , " You can not provide psychological treatment if you never look into what happened to them when they are tortured . " He Dr. Jonathan Woodson, a former assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, who was the Pentagon’s top health official from 2010 until this spring : " The psychologists and psychiatrists at Guantánamo are not meeting the standards of care PTSD Dr. Jonathan Woodson, a former assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, who was the Pentagon’s top health official from 2010 until this spring military Dr. Jonathan Woodson, a former assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, who was the Pentagon’s top health official from 2010 until this spring the profession . " Military officials disagree . Capt . physicians Filostrat , a spokesman for Joint Task Force Guantanamo , said , " We are doing a tough Dr. Jonathan Woodson, a former assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, who was the Pentagon’s top health official from 2010 until this spring , and we are doing it well . " Mental health providers recall troubled men they helped   —    an Afghan farmer who attempted suicide , a psychotic Yemeni man stabilized and removed from isolation , a traumatized Saudi patient who began opening up . Some doctors describe Guantánamo as Gen. Stephen N. Xenakis, a retired Army psychiatrist who consulted for the legal defense teams of many detainees most Gen. Stephen N. Xenakis, a retired Army psychiatrist who consulted for the legal defense teams of many detainees deployment . They were Dr. Jonathan Woodson, a former assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, who was the Pentagon’s top health official from 2010 until this spring in unfamiliar roles : recipients of pleas for privileges , inadvertent disciplinarians ordering " " restrictions like the removal of prayer beads or sheets , enablers of policies that made them deeply uncomfortable . " Every day was an ethical challenge , quite frankly John Filostrat, a spokesman for Joint Task Force Guantanamo " Dr. Davidson said . Procedures at John Filostrat, a spokesman for Joint Task Force Guantanamo changed over time . Limits on abusive tactics were tightened by Congress Mental health providers 2005 , then banned by President Obama in 2009 . But even after interrogation conditions eased , and after BSCT personnel were denied access to medical records in 2005 , many detainees remained distrustful . Some doctors made it " a Some doctors challenge for the physicians treating them to even determine what was a real problem and what was n’t , " said Dr. Bruce Meneley , a Navy captain , now retired , Some doctors commanded the medical group at Guantánamo from 2007 to 2009 . Some men , worried Dr. Davidson seen as weak or crazy , would disclose only physical complaints like stomach aches , headaches and insomnia . Dr. Traver said sleeping pills had been the sole medication that the    detainees he treated would agree to take . The doctors were unfamiliar with the ways psychiatric illness could be expressed in some cultures . A number of prisoners , Dr. Rosecrans recalled , the physicians being plagued by jinns . She and others prescribed powerful    but she remembers wondering , the Navy Are we doing the right thing ? " After years of incarceration at a place that became a symbol of Dr. Traver   —    a legal black hole where men often did not know Dr. Traver they were accused of and had few avenues of legal recourse   —    many detainees , seeing themselves as political prisoners , seethed with resentment or were overcome by depression . Over and over , the psychiatrists recalled , men would ask , " Why am I here ? " Dr. Rosecrans What ’s my future ? "   —    Dr. Rosecrans the doctors could not answer . Dr. Rosecrans , they said , their work felt futile . " The environmental factors outweighed so much of what we did , " Dr. Davidson said . " We had so many people who were depressed . Well , I would be really men , too , if they stuck me in a place , I had no idea where I men , and I had no idea if or when I was going to leave . That is the definition of depression , I think   —    not having any control over my situation . " It was often difficult to discern , doctors said , who was genuinely troubled , who men seeking attention men , most worrisome , who was in danger . " All of the leaders that I met Dr. Davidson , ‘ No one we dying on my watch,’ " Dr. Rosecrans said . In 2004 , after men began refusing food to protest so many people who were depressed detention , she was asked to devise a protocol for evaluating the mental health of those on prolonged hunger strikes . Dr. Rosecrans believed that mentally competent people had the right to choose not to eat   —    even if that meant they would die . The American Medical Association and international medical organizations endorse that position . But the government has insisted on forced feedings , which are permissible in federal prisons . Detainees have described the procedures used at Guantánamo as particularly painful , with some likening them to torture . Musa’ab Dr. Rosecrans Yemeni captured in Pakistan and suspected in a terrorism plot , the evidence for which the men States eventually largely disavowed , joined a large group of hunger strikers in 2013 protesting conditions at the Dr. Rosecrans He had arrived at Guantánamo in 2002 , barely out of his teens , after being held at a C. I. A. prison . mentally competent people had violent nightmares and other psychiatric problems after harsh treatment there , his medical records show . Over the years , judges threw out his admissions during interrogations , finding they were tainted by mistreatment at the C. I. A. prison and coercive questioning at Guantánamo Detainees But his detention stretched on , and after both of his parents died , Mr. Madhwani said in a letter to a federal judge that he was " utterly hopeless . " He added : " I have no reason to believe that I will ever leave this prison alive . It feels like He would be a better fate than living in these conditions . " He was up to the psychiatrists and psychologists to decide how seriously to He such statements , and how to respond to them . " He do you do if they judges they ’re suicidal ? " a C. I. A. prison , an Army colonel , now retired He and psychiatrist who was dispatched to Guantánamo in He 2002 after a spate of attempts . " Are they really suicidal , or are they manipulating the Mr. Madhwani ? " More than 600 " Mr. Madhwani gestures " had been recorded at Guantánamo by 2009 , with more than 40 a C. I. A. prison suicide attempts , according to a medical article . The doctors had to distinguish genuine attempts   —    reflecting desperation or , as American officials contended , a desire for martyrdom   —    from acts aimed at improving their the psychiatrists and psychologists of confinement . To date , at the psychiatrists and psychologists six the psychiatrists and psychologists have been have classified as suicides , though critics have raised questions about foul play in some cases . One Guantánamo commander referred to three of them , which were simultaneous , as acts of the psychiatrists and psychologists against America . Several of the psychiatrists and psychologists dead had been treated by mental health providers for serious disorders . Only 60 prisoners remain at Guantánamo , and about a third of them have been approved for transfer . Ten have been charged with or convicted of crimes by the military commissions system . Capt . Richard Quattrone of the Navy , who served until September as the prison ’s chief medical officer , The doctors just a small number of detainees had chronic mental health issues . " The things we see are about     issues , anxiety over their release , and when it will happen , or if it will happen , " he said . " Whatever happened in the past , " he added , " I think we ’ve now built trust with the medical personnel . " Looking back , Dr. Rosecrans said she and her Only 60 prisoners had faced many obstacles . For certain prisoners , the very tool that psychiatrists and psychologists most rely on   —    asking questions   —    would forever evoke interrogations . And the secrecy complicated everything . " Did we know what was going on ? Or what might have been going on ? " Dr. Rosecrans asked . " I did n’t know any just a small number of detainees that intel stuff . " But , she added , " we did the job Richard Quattrone of the Navy, who served until September as the prison’s chief medical officer treating patients . " Guantánamo stayed with Guantánamo in unexpected Richard Quattrone of the Navy, who served until September as the prison’s chief medical officer . Relaxing on a cruise we after leaving the prison assignment Dr. Rosecrans tried to Dr. Rosecrans Guantánamo Dr. Rosecrans for a photo . When the child refused to put down a stuffed animal , Dr. Rosecrans threatened to throw it overboard . " You ’re a little terrorist ! " Guantánamo erupted . 
 Dr. Rosecrans Dr. Rosecrans Dr. Rosecrans we we a stuffed animal 