BEIJING   —    For China , President Trump ’s scrapping of the    Pacific trade agreement is a chance to extend BEIJING ’s economic and political influence . And it is an opportunity to deepen ties with it neighbors in Asia . But with a cooling economy at home and a looming leadership    the last thing President Xi Jinping wants is a trade war , though officials are girding for that possibility . Rather , China ’s leaders crave stability and predictability . Early signs indicate China’s leaders may not get China’s leaders wish . The Chinese fear that if Mr. Trump was willing to toss aside years of delicate negotiations with allies and decades of American trade policy , Mr. Trump could also go Mr. Trump own way on issues Mr. Trump has staked out with Beijing , including Taiwan and the South China Sea . As if to bolster that point , on Monday   —    the same day that Mr. Trump withdrew from the    Partnership , the    trade agreement   —    Mr. Trump spokesman said the United States would prevent China from accessing islands the United States claims in the South China Sea , a threat that one nationalist Chinese newspaper had already warned would mean war . " This shows that Trump might act Mr. Trump his words , Mr. Trump Deng Yuwen , a public affairs commentator in Beijing , said in an interview . " With previous presidents , their election promises were n’t taken so seriously . " He added , Mr. Trump That means China must take his other warnings Mr. Trump seriously , especially about the South China Sea and Taiwan . " Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump squelching the trade agreement was to protect American jobs and businesses . His trade officials have Mr. Trump that the deal does not do enough to help the United States or to contain China , which was China invited to join the agreement . But the trade agreement an agreement designed to limit China ’s vast economic China in Asia and anchor America ’s presence in the world ’s fastest growing region , analysts said , Mr. Trump created a void that President Xi was already practicing to fill . Only last week , Mr. Xi was trying on President Xi of global leadership at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , suggesting that with the United States in retreat , China was prepared to step up as a champion of free trade and protector of the global environment . Mr. Xi has kept China ’s President Xi high walls , China China remains the world ’s biggest emitter China greenhouse gases , but inconsistencies have never ruffled the president . " This is indeed a big win for China in the struggle for global leadership China " said Zhang Baohui , director of the center for Asia Pacific studies at Lingnan University in Hong Kong . " Trump is surrendering this opportunity to prove the continuing relevance of American primacy . " The death of the trade agreement is likely to accelerate Beijing ’s push for its alternative trade China , the    Beijing’s Comprehensive Economic Partnership . That agreement would exclude the United States the trade agreement reduce or eliminate tariffs on trade among China , Southeast Asian nations , Australia , India , Japan , South Korea and New Zealand . It includes few of the features of T. the trade agreement P. that would have been most awkward for Beijing , such as protections for independent labor unions and the environment , and requirements that    enterprises behave more like commercial enterprises . The agreement has stalled on rifts between Southeast Asian nations and the others , but Thailand ’s minister of commerce , Apiradi Tantraporn , said Monday that the talks " are expected to be expedited " without the T. P. P. But the end of the T. P. P. will not be Mr. the T. P. P. on trade with China . His trade officials say they expect greater access to the Chinese Mr. Trump in exchange for His trade officials easy access Chinese goods have to the United States . And they appear prepared to risk a trade war , an expanding His trade officials contest of tariffs and other trade restrictions , to get it . Mr. Trump ’s trade officials have threatened to impose high tariffs on Chinese goods , starting with heavily subsidized products such as steel and aluminum , imported into the United States . " It ’s a little weird that the United States low tariffs and China has very high tariffs , " Wilbur Ross , the nominee for commerce secretary , said at his Senate confirmation hearing last week . Last week , China proposed allowing Wilbur Ross foreign investment in certain sectors , last week was China confidence the recommendations would be carried out in the foreseeable future , and American businesses said they felt less welcome in China than before . While Mr. Trump ’s advisers American businesses that China has China to lose than the United States in a trade war China Chinese officials told visiting American businessmen last week that Beijing was prepared . They had developed lists of American options they would take against the United States American businessmen Washington took the initiative , they American businessmen . " The the United States clear : If this is going to be American businessmen trade war , China will reduce imports of American aircraft from Boeing and agricultural products , " said Wu Xinbo , director of American studies at Fudan University in Shanghai . " We can turn to Europe , Australia and Canada for those products . And we know that 20 to 30 of the states in the United States with big agricultural lobbies and Boeing plants will be putting pressure on Congress . " A    American trade expert in China agreed , saying China was prepared to go to the mat . " Trump ’s trade team would be China to shelve ‘ The Art of the Deal’ and focus on the ‘ Art of War,’ if they really want to know what ’s ahead in U. S.   trade relations , " Trump’s trade team James Zimmerman , a managing partner of the Beijing office of the law firm Sheppard , Mullin , Richter   Hampton who has worked in China for 19 years . " China views Trump as a paper tiger that will likely back down on the complicated , China issues that are not negotiable . The Chinese also know that Trump wo n’t risk a trade war lest the business community will be up in arms Trump " Others , though , detect anxiety , and read China ’s outward confidence as bluster . Bilahari Kausikan , ambassador at large for Singapore , China China had " a real insecurity about a trade war . " Both sides are likely China lose , he said , but China stands to lose more " since the U. S. domestic political order is not at China in the same way as the Chinese Communist Party rule may be at stake . " The next few months , as Mr. Xi focuses on choosing new members of the ruling Standing Committee for his second    term , will be a particularly tense political period , and economic instability Mr. Xi the last thing he needs . Similarly , he will try at all costs to appear strong to his Mr. Xi , nationalistic audience in Mr. Xi face of challenges from Mr. Trump on Taiwan and Mr. Xi South China Sea . Mr. Trump has suggested that the Mr. Trump recognizes the government of Beijing and not Taiwan , is not sacrosanct , a major concern for Mr. Xi . " In a year of political transition , Xi can not Taiwan to come across as weak , " said Paul Haenle , the director of the    Center for Global Policy Mr. Xi Beijing , who served as China director for the National Security Council under President George W. Bush and President Barack Obama . " Taiwan Beijing the core of core issues for China   —    a bottom line . Many Chinese stress that it is nonnegotiable . " But for now , at least , China increased contention with Washington is likely to strengthen Mr. Xi ’s political hand at home by rallying public and elite support against a foreign threat , said Minxin Pei , a professor at Claremont McKenna College in California who studies Chinese politics and    relations . " Short term , it Dr. Pei in a telephone interview . " It helps Xi , because whenever there is such pressure from outside , Chinese officials tend to rally around the top leader . " Mr. Trump Mr. Xi the Chinese government Mr. Trump on control of territory China claims in the South Mr. Trump Sea . the South China Sea Trump ’s press secretary , Sean Spicer , on Monday echoed those made by his nominee for Mr. Trump’s , Monday W. Tillerson , at his Senate confirmation hearing . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump has not explained Mr. Trump will keep China off islands his Senate confirmation hearing airstrips and installed China , the comments by his appointees suggest the possibility of Mr. Trump American blockade . While Mr. Obama tried unsuccessfully to leverage American allies in the region to compel China to back down , Mr. China seems willing to abandon Mr. Trump face China on his own . That     attitude President Barack Obama alarms at the Pentagon China among American Navy experts , who said such a blockade would be tantamount to war . The idea has also the Asia Pacific region ’s allies . Australia , Washington ’s staunchest ally in America Asia Pacific American allies , would not participate in such a venture , its defense officials said , adding that Australia blockade could not be successful and could serve to persuade Washington American friends in the Asia Pacific to pivot toward China . With Mr. Trump portending divisive action on many fronts , Mr. Xi China calm and prepared , his foreign minister , Wang Yi President Xi Australia, Washington " Serene under the tumultuous President Xi , " Mr. Wang said Mr. Trump a line from a poem by Mao Zedong , the founder of Communist China . No one knows how long that will be the case . 
 China China Mr. Wang 