Here are the week ’s top stories , and a look ahead . 1 . Southern Florida is ramping up mosquito control measures , with health authorities on the alert for new areas of Zika transmission . Pregnant women are being warned to avoid two neighborhoods in the Miami area where the virus is spreading , including the tourist haven of South Beach . the virus can attack fetal brain cells , but appears to pose little risk to most adults . Here is what we know and do n’t know about the cases in southern Florida . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Southern Louisiana began the long recovery from vast floods set off by days of staggering rains . The stricken area is believed to encompass a population of some 280 , 000 people and 110 , 000 homes , more than a third of which have been damaged . Many may be uninsured . Here are before and after photographs of the flooding . President Obama , who returns from a family vacation on Martha ’s Vineyard today , heads to the area on Tuesday . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . What an Olympics ! At least 19 new world records , and odd , hilarious and unexpected moments beyond the competition , amplified by social media . Foremost : the swimmer Ryan Lochte ’s discredited account of a fracas that witnesses and video revealed was actually a bout of drunken vandalism . There are only a few more competitions before the closing ceremony ( 8 p. m. Eastern , NBC , reflecting a    tape delay ) . The gymnast Simone Biles will carry the U. S. flag . Our full coverage is here . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . It ’s a tumultuous time in the presidential race . A judge ’s ruling ensured that questions about Hillary Clinton ’s email while she Hillary Clinton’s secretary of state will continue to shadow her Hillary Clinton’s Bill Hillary Clinton’s that , if Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton’s November , the Clinton Foundation will cease accepting the large foreign donations that have long powered its philanthropy   the Clinton Foundation    and raised questions about governmental favoritism . A series of celebrities appear with or hold    to help Mrs. Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton’s week , including Cher today , Leonardo DiCaprio on Tuesday and the Apple C. E. O. Tim Cook on Wednesday . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Donald Trump ’s campaign made a final break with efforts to mute his aggressive style , Donald Trump the reins in the hands of a firebrand from the " "   Breitbart News . That move , coming amid signs of weakening support from Mr. Trump ’s base Donald Trump men , added to Republican fears of a " death spiral " that could cost their party congressional control . A Times investigation found that the Trump Organization has more than $ 600 million in debt and depends on financial backers Mr. Trump has publicly attacked , Donald Trump Sachs . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Was the N. S. A. hacked ? The publication of what appeared to be some of its secret computer code suggested that someone the Trump Organization access for a period that ended when the agency overhauled security in the wake the Trump Organization Snowden ’s revelations of its domestic surveillance . Mr. Snowden , pictured the Trump Organization on a video link from exile in Russia last year , offered his own best guess : The code might be a warning from Russia its secret computer code harsh U. S. response to the Russia of Democratic officials’ emails could unleash revelations of U. S. interventions in other countries’ elections . _ U. S. _ _ 7 . New light was shed on two major points of dispute . Officials at the State Department admitted that they delayed making a $ 400 million payment to Iran Officials at the State Department several hours in January " to retain maximum leverage " during the release of three American prisoners . They continued to reject Republican assertions that the payment was Officials at the State Department . And the United Nations acknowledged a role in Haiti ’s cholera epidemic , ending years of official disregard for scientific findings that Nepalese peacekeepers allowed their infected feces to enter the country ’s most important Nepalese peacekeepers system , above , in 2010 . The U. N. is asking member nations to fund the recovery . _ _ _ the United Nations 8 . The future , or at least one part of it , is closer than we thought . Uber will begin testing    cars in Pittsburgh within weeks . Reassuringly , the cars will have " backup drivers . " But Ford cars in Pittsburgh it would be    driverless cars   —    with no steering Ford , gas pedal or brake   —    for commercial operation in a    service by 2021 . If someone had announced this five years ago , the chief executive said , " they would have been called crazy or nuts or both . " someone had announced this five years ago _ _ _ _ 9 . Russia is escalating its military intervention in Syria again . Cruise missiles launched from Mediterranean Russia and bombers supplied at an Iranian base joined Syrian government forces in trying to turn back insurgents near Aleppo . A screengrab of this boy , who was rescued from the wreckage of one bombing run , quickly became a symbol of civilian despair . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Europe ’s disquiet over a    influx of refugees , many of them Muslim , found new expression in battles over whether women ’s a   influx of refugees and body coverings represent the " enslavement of women " and a " cloth cage . " A series of French mayors banned the    burkini swimsuit from beaches , and Germany ’s governing bloc called for a ban on face veils while driving or in school . Some see the moves as efforts to police a narrow vision of national identity . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Frank Ocean surprised the music world . The experimental RB singer released his    second album , the    " Blonde , " on The experimental RB singer Music . And a " visual album . " And , at    stores in New York , London , Los Angeles and Chicago , an ambitious art magazine , " Boys Do n’t Cry . " By the way , our critic writes that some music shoppers prefer Bandcamp , an online music site known for its underground and punk collections and equitable treatment of artists . Check out our music critics’ podcast : They discuss how some white rappers   —    think    Mike some music shoppers prefer Bandcamp, an online music site known for its underground and punk collections and equitable treatment of artists , Lil Dicky and Post Malone   —    are reconfiguring race in   . _ _ _ _ _ 12 . Finally , happy 100th birthday , National Park Service . Events all week   —    including a huge gathering at Yellowstone on the official anniversary , Thursday   —    honor the government agency charged with preserving more than 84 million acres in 50 states " for the enjoyment of future generations . " Just think how many species that applies to . Have a great week . _ _ _ _ _ Your Weekend Briefing is published Sundays at 6 a. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Evening Briefing , weeknights at 6 a. m. Eastern . Want to look back ? Here ’s Friday ’s Evening Briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 