Kellogg Company , the nation ’s largest breakfast cereal manufacturer , is again announcing major cut backs and has slashed Kellogg Company, the nation’s largest breakfast cereal manufacturer sales forecast as profits continue to fall . [ On February 9 the    company cut the   company sales projections for the year after experiencing another quarterly decline .   the   company imagined it the   company have flat sales but instead found a two percent decline . " For the quarter ended Dec. 31 , Kellogg reported a loss of $ 53 million , or 15 cents per share , " the Associated Press reported on Thursday . " Not including    items , it Kellogg it Kellogg 92 cents per share . Analysts expected a profit of 85 cents per share . Total sales were $ 3 . 1 billion , slightly better than expected revenue of $ 3 . 07 billion . " But that was n’t the only cuts Kellogg Co. reported this week . The Kellogg Co. told investors and employees that big cuts in facilities and workers are coming . On Wednesday the company Kellogg Co. was closing Kellogg Co. large number of distribution centers across the U. S. and that layoffs would result , WKBN reported . Some insiders have said Kellogg ’s is Kellogg Co. cut sales representatives , merchandisers , and shuttering as many as 39 distribution centers . Kellogg spokesman Kris Charles released a statement saying the move is a " difficult decision . " While this is the right move for the company to achieve our    objectives , it was a difficult decision because of its impact on employees it On average , our distribution centers employ approximately 30    workers . As the distribution shifts from our network to our retailers’ networks , our too will the work . We ’ve been actively engaged in conversations with some of our biggest retail partners We have expressed strong interest in hiring these employees for    roles once the transition is complete . As a result , we are optimistic that We employees will find We employment once this transition is complete so the net impact is impossible to quantify . As the affected employees work throughout the U. S. this change will not have a sizable impact on any one community . " The closures and layoffs are to be completed by the fourth quarter of this year , the company said . We , Kellogg Company Chairman , and We said that the " retail landscape continues to change " and Kellogg has to keep up with that shift . " We have to change the way we reach and communicate with consumers We Because our customers’ and our own warehouse We systems have We more efficient and effective , we can now redeploy resources previously We to DSD and direct them to the kinds of brand our customers’ and our own warehouse distribution systems that drive greater demand with today ’s consumers − ultimately growing our business and our retailers’ businesses , " he our . This latest move is on top of the major cuts already announced this year . Early in January Kellogg Co. announced it was firing 250 workers . Kellogg Co. continued moves to scale back the company comes after Kellogg ’s Kellogg Co. cut its advertising Kellogg Co. Breitbart News at the Kellogg Co. of 2016 , thereby snubbing Breitbart ’s 45 , 000 , 000 readers . In November , Kellogg ’s noted that Breitbart News ’s Kellogg Co. readers are not Breitbart News with our values as a company . " While the decision by Kellogg ’s to cease advertising made virtually Kellogg Co. revenue impact on Breitbart . com . it did represent an Breitbart in the war by companies like Target and Allstate against conservative customers whose values propelled Donald Trump into the White House . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 