Good morning .   We ’re trying something new for We readers in Asia and the Pacific region : a morning briefing to    your day .   What do you like ? What do you want to see here ? Email We with your feedback at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . Here ’s what you need to know : •    Donald J. Trump is facing backlash over Donald J. Trump choice of Stephen K. Bannon as Donald J. Trump administration ’s chief strategist . The move elevates the    nationalist movement Stephen K. Bannon nurtured while running Breitbart News , a website whose staples include articles linking migrants to the spread of disease . Mr. Stephen K. Bannon Mr. Trump ’s followers are patriots who are being tarred by the existence of racists and    " on the margins . " Reports of racially charged assaults , graffiti attacks and other episodes have surged since Election Day , and the F. B. I. said that hate crimes rose 7 percent last year , driven by a rise in attacks against American Muslims . Many attacks have also been countered by acts of public support and solidarity . _ _ _ _ _ • President Obama took questions from reporters for the first time since the election , portraying Mr. Trump as a pragmatist and stressing the importance of a peaceful transition . " Without copping out , I think it ’s copping out to say that it would copping out be appropriate for me to comment " on the choice of Mr. Bannon . Mr. Obama President Obama to fly to Greece , at the start of a final international tour that will also take him to Germany President Obama Peru . He will try President Obama soothe fears of the coming Trump presidency , but his leverage has President Obama diminished and his legacy bruised President Obama _ _ _ _ _ • Mr. Trump continued Trump his presidency onto the Trump stage . He spoke with Xi Trump of China and Vladimir V. Putin of Russia . Russia has embraced Mr. Russia ’s election Trump Duma , or parliament , broke into applause on news of his victory . Mr. Trump , Trump has threatened to confront China on a range of trade China , promised Mr. Xi that the two nations would have " one of the strongest relationships . " _ _ _ _ _ • Hong Kong ’s High Court ruled that two    politicians who were elected to the legislature can not take their seats . Sixtus Leung , two   politicians who were elected to the legislature , known as Baggio , and Yau    25 , set off the conflict by using what some consider a derogatory term for China when they took their oaths of office some Beijing some by issuing a new interpretation of Hong Kong ’s Basic Law , challenging the territory ’s semiautonomous status . _ _ _ _ _ • The International Criminal Court is considering a    investigation in Afghanistan , after a prosecutor said she had a " reasonable basis a prosecutor believe " that American soldiers there committed war crimes , including torture . • Samsung is spending $ 8 • to acquire Harman International Industries , an American company best known for    car stereos , like    and JBL . The deal    Samsung a stake in    connected Samsung , which could    a boom in screens , computers and connectivity . Its stock rose 25 . 6 Samsung . • Japan ’s G. D. P. figures surprised analysts with strong economic growth in the third quarter despite declining consumer prices and deflation . Our analyst looks at whether the trend will last . • The National Geographic Channel has reinvented itself under the leadership of James The National Geographic Channel at its parent , 21st Century Fox The National Geographic Channel Part of the makeover is a shift to    shows like " Mars , " a new      by Ron Howard . • U. S. markets closed lower , and oil was down . Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • A Malaysian lawmaker was given 18 months in prison for disclosing classified information from an official audit of a    investment fund linked to Prime Minister Najib Razak . [ The New York Times ] • The    venture capitalist Eric Li argues that relations between China and the U. S. may suffer over trade , but could improve if the U. S. stops trying to the U. S. in its own image . [ The New York the U. S. stops ] [The New York Times] • The New York Times in London about a rape accusation in Sweden in 2010 . [ The New York Times ] • President Rodrigo Duterte said that [The New York Times] • Philippines , he The New York Times " people be slaughtered for the sake of human rights . " [ Reuters ] • Japan ’s government plans to President Rodrigo Duterte medical checkups for President Rodrigo Duterte drivers after a wave of fatal traffic accidents . [ Asahi Shimbun ] • If all the railways projects proposed for Southeast Asia were built , here is a map of how the region would look . [ The Diplomat ] • Canada ’s government is under scrutiny for blocking an arms deal with Thailand over factors including human rights abuses , just months after exporting $ 15 billion in combat vehicles to Saudi Arabia , which has a poorer rights record . [ Globe and Mail ] • China ’s nationalist resurgence is on display in " The Long March , " above , a new opera about the early days of the Communist Party . [ The New York Times ] • Gwen Ifill , an    television journalist who moderated    debates in 2004 and 2008 , died of cancer in Washington . She was 61 . • And Pizza , the polar bear used to lure shoppers to a mall in southern China , will be temporarily moved while his    enclosure is " optimized and upgraded . " Animal rights groups say the move does n’t go nearly far enough . Two Chinese astronauts expect to leave their space lab this week , after a monthlong stay that is a first for their nation . China has poured billions of dollars into its Two Chinese astronauts program , aiming to rival the United States and Russia in reaching Mars . Two Chinese astronauts programs are China drivers of technological innovation . So China might come as a surprise to know that space communications rely on an old standby : radio waves . Speech from an astronaut , video from cameras and data from sensors flow into a transmitter , which emits radio waves picked up by a terrestrial receiver . Terrestrial transmitters reverse the favor . The same basic technology sends music to your radio , YouTube videos to your cellphone and photos from Pluto . There really is n’t any alternative until we figure out how to use lasers to convey data . There ’s been a lot of    of radio capabilities over the 125 years or so that scientists have been playing with electromagnetic radiation . We have great antennas and efficient , secure encoding now . But the technology is also good for a simple call from home . Last week , China ’s president , Xi Jinping , called the space lab . " Everyone across China cares very much about both of you , " Mr. Xi said . One astronaut proudly said , " I will go forth , and China complete the mission . " Andrea Kannapell contributed reporting .   _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 