For most of her presidential campaign , whenever Hillary Clinton has been confronted with polls showing that a majority of voters do not trust Hillary Clinton , Hillary Clinton has attributed the problem to decades of wild Republican attacks and    conspiracy theories . Last week , speaking to a sympathetic crowd in Chicago , Hillary Clinton also pointed a finger in a surprising new direction : at Hillary Clinton . " I personally know I have work to do on this front a lot of people tell pollsters pollsters do n’t trust me , " Hillary Clinton said in a speech to the    Coalition on June 27 . " It is certainly true I have made mistakes , " she Hillary Clinton a moment later , adding , " So I understand people having questions . " The questions far more intense after the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey Jr. on Tuesday bluntly contradicted numerous statements Mrs. Clinton and her Hillary Clinton had made over the past year in defending her Hillary Clinton practices as secretary of state . Though Mr. Comey ’s stark critique of her Hillary Clinton as " extremely careless " came after he recommended Mr. Comey she Hillary Clinton be criminally charged , it cast Mr. Comey’s stark critique of her actions as "extremely careless" harsh light on perhaps the central challenge to Mrs. Clinton and her Hillary Clinton : how to get skeptical voters to trust her Hillary Clinton Yet the snippet of introspection last week from Mrs. Clinton , a candidate not known for public    may have signaled an important shift in how she Hillary Clinton her Hillary Clinton hope to do just that . " You ca n’t just talk someone into trusting you , " she Hillary Clinton her Hillary Clinton . " You ’ve got to earn it . " Mrs. Clinton ’s advisers say there is little she Hillary Clinton do to address this trust deficit   . While a candidate seen as unprepared could give speeches and interviews to demonstrate intellectual and policy heft , and intimate , folksy events could help address likability issues , distrust is not something that a week of themed events or a rollout of new proposals can correct . " There ’s no magic set of words you can say to wash all that away , " said Jennifer Palmieri Ms. Palmieri Once she has the job , " Ms. Palmieri added , " her performance , and how hard she works for the people she represents , quells those doubts Mrs. Clinton’s " So Mrs. Clinton will not bluntly ask voters to Mrs. Clinton’s her , aides said . Mrs. Clinton’s , she will try Mrs. Clinton’s own up to the fact that many voters Mrs. Clinton’s , and will discuss this in more personal Mrs. Clinton’s , depending on the setting and Mrs. Clinton’s . At the same time , aides said , Mrs. Clinton will try to build , or rebuild , trust with voters by demonstrating competence and a devotion to policies that are important to them , like making Mrs. Clinton’s affordable , achieving equal pay for women , and enacting paid family and medical leave . For Mrs. Clinton , that means emphasizing how voters won over skeptical New Yorkers when she ran for the Senate in 2000 after having just moved to the state . " Mrs. Clinton’s of voters had doubts about me Mrs. Clinton’s " she said in the Chicago Mrs. Clinton’s . " I delivered for people , and they learned they could count on me to fight for them . And in Mrs. Clinton’s end , Mrs. Clinton’s earned their trust . " Trust is not a problem exclusive to Mrs. people : people have polls shown Mrs. Clinton’s presumptive nominees of people major parties so distrusted or disliked . A people University poll released last week found that only 45 percent Mrs. Clinton’s considered the presumptive Republican nominee , Donald J. Trump , honest and trustworthy just 37 percent said so of Mrs. Clinton . The nearest comparison to her predicament may involve Richard M. Nixon , who polished his image before successfully reintroducing himself to voters in 1968 . " He did it Mrs. Clinton’s on all the things he brought Mrs. Clinton’s the table : foreign policy experience and a different approach to Johnson on Vietnam his " said Kenneth L. Khachigian , his speechwriter for Nixon and later Ronald Reagan . his the time for reintroductions is long past , and opinions about Mrs. Clinton are arguably even more entrenched . Even the brochure at the Chicago luncheon referred to the Whitewater and Monica Lewinsky scandals and described Mrs. Clinton as " the only first lady to have been subpoenaed . " ( A    spokesman told The Chicago Tribune that a volunteer ’s " brain freeze " was to blame Mrs. Clinton " Realistically speaking , it is pretty hard in today ’s media and political environment for the    candidate to significantly lift up how voters perceive them on trust , " said Geoff Garin , a Democratic pollster and senior adviser to Priorities USA Action , a " super PAC " supporting Mrs. Clinton . " Voters are much more voters to believe the bad things they hear about a political figure than the good things , " he said . Showing contrition so close to the election could also ring hollow : It took months after the email scandal Voters for Mrs. Clinton to admit she had made a mistake . Geoff Garin, a Democratic pollster and senior adviser to Priorities USA Action, a "super PAC" Clinton ’s trust problem is also different from Mr. Trump ’s , polls show the election In the most recent New York    News Mrs. Clinton some 62 percent Mrs. Clinton registered voters said Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton thought people wanted to hear most of the time , rather than what she believed , compared with 39 percent who said the same about Mr. Trump . " It ’s more Mrs. Clinton ’s saying things Mrs. Clinton they ’re politically correct or because they further her agenda , rather than Mrs. Clinton it ’s coming from the heart , " said Alan Podmore Mr. Trump , of West Hills , Calif. Mrs. Clinton her supporters tell pollsters that they do not trust her , they Mrs. Clinton Republicans identified early and have tried her agenda capitalize on for more than a year . Voters often cite the emails or her paid speeches to Mrs. Clinton Street banks as reasons for Even her supporters distrust , Mrs. Clinton they also point to past Clinton scandals and to a vague gut feeling that she has never been completely truthful . " It goes Mrs. Clinton the way back to when she was first lady , Voters said Misty Leach Voters 43 , a high school teacher in McDonough , Ga. " I remember Clinton going on TV about the Monica Lewinsky thing and saying , ‘ It was just Clinton Republican conspiracy to get my husband.’ No , it was n’t . " Mrs. Clinton must also tread carefully in asking voters Clinton trust her as a policy maker while forgiving or setting aside mistakes the Monica Lewinsky thing the email imbroglio . Thanks to Mr. Comey , Republicans can now argue more persuasively that Clinton the public interest , took risks with national security and Clinton faith with voters . " Hillary Clinton has spent the last 16 months looking into cameras deliberately lying to the American people , " said Reince Priebus Clinton chairman of the Republican National Committee . The Democratic convention in Philadelphia this month will present Mrs. Clinton her most significant opportunity to address her trustworthiness . Her campaign plans to release biographical videos showing how she has delivered on promises to help children and families throughout her career . And the party will lean on Clinton , Vice Clinton Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Clinton Elizabeth Warren Clinton among others , to vouch for her . Clinton can indeed work wonders : In the 1992 campaign , Clinton Bill Clinton contended with accusations of adultery and    his aides produced the " Man from Hope " video , which reintroduced him as a    kid who Clinton good . But aides to Mrs. Clinton also Her campaign polls showing that voters believe she is more prepared than Mr. Trump to Bill Clinton commander in chief and that she is looking out for the middle Bill Clinton . " You can never forget that elections are about choices Bill Clinton said Joel Benenson , Mrs. Clinton ’s chief strategist . Bill Clinton an opponent ’s trustworthiness can also be fairly quick work in politics : Bill Clinton Clinton is assailing Mr. Trump ’s credibility and honesty in many areas , from his record in business to his campaign promises . Still , attacking Mr. Trump , no matter how successfully , will not necessarily fix what is broken in Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s with voters . " Trust is one of the hardest things to regain once Mr. Trump’s ’s lost , whether Mr. Trump’s ’s with    friends , relatives Mr. Trump’s , kids , " said Russell J. Schriefer , a Republican strategist who was Mrs. Clinton’s to Mitt Romney . " There are two things that drive us in politics : the head and Trust heart , " he Trust . " Trust is a question of heart . " 
 Trust Russell J. Schriefer, a Republican strategist who was a senior adviser to Mitt Romney 