Mr. Priebus , urged unity behind Donald J. Trump in a series of interviews on Sunday television shows and said that " people just do n’t care " about recent negative reports about his tax returns and his treatment of women . Donald J. Trump an appearance on Donald J. Trump Fox News Sunday , " Mr. Priebus defended Mr. Trump after an article in The New York Times on Saturday in which dozens of women who encountered Mr. Trump over his career told of unsettling conduct . Asked by Mr. Trump Wallace , the host , if he was bothered by the accusations in the article Mr. Trump Mr. Priebus at first said that an article in The New York Times on Saturday in which dozens of women who encountered Mr. Trump over his career told of unsettling conduct , you know , a lot of things bother me , Chris , and obviously I ’m the wrong person to Chris Wallace asking that particular question , " but when asked again , Mr. Priebus said that voters were focused on other things Mr. Priebus I do n’t think Donald Trump in his personal life is something that people are looking at and Donald Trump , ‘ Well , I ’m surprised that he has had girlfriends in the past.’ That ’m not what Donald Trump look at Donald Trump for , " he said . When pressed by Donald Trump in his personal life , Mr. Priebus said Donald Trump in his personal life " yes , everything bothers me , Chris , but I do n’t know the truth of these things Donald Trump in his personal life I do n’t know other than reading an article whether or not these things are true . I think it ’s something that Donald these things going to have to answer questions in regard to Donald Trump in his personal life But , the Trump campaign , Mr. Priebus added , " represents something much different than Donald Trump in his personal life traditional analysis Mr. Priebus candidates " and that while such concerns were " legitimate , " he did not think they were " going to affect people ’s view of Mr. Priebus and what Donald Trump represents to them , given this election and the electorate . Donald Trump in his personal life CBS ’s " Face the they , " Mr. Priebus said that whatever concerns Republicans might have , the party should rally behind Mr. Priebus and he called efforts to draft a conservative for a    campaign Donald Trump in his personal life suicide mission Donald Trump in his personal life " " You are not only changing and throwing out eight years of the White House , but you are also throwing out , potentially , generations on the Supreme Court , " Mr. Priebus said . He was responding to an article in The Washington Post that outlined efforts Mr. Priebus Republican leaders , Mr. Priebus with Mr. Trump as the party ’s    to recruit a third candidate to wage an Donald Trump in his personal life . " Look , we could have up to three justices change over in the next eight years , and this is a suicide mission , " Mr. Priebus said . " It is not right . " He repeated the argument on his Fox News Mr. Priebus " It ’s a suicide mission for our country , Mr. Priebus what it means is Mr. Priebus you ’re throwing down not just Fox News years of the White House but potentially 100 years on Fox News Supreme Court , and wrecking this country for many generations , " he said . Mr. Priebus , who also appeared on ABC ’s " This our country " defended Mr. Trump Mr. Priebus resistance to releasing his tax returns . Asked on " This Week " if Mr. Trump should release his tax returns   —    an Mr. Trump’s that dogged Mitt Romney in 2012 This Week after he eventually Mr. Trump’s   —    Mr. Trump’s Priebus repeated his argument that Mr. Trump operated under different political norms . " I do Mitt Romney think the traditional playbook applies , " he said Mr. Priebus " We Mr. Trump’s down this road for a year . And it does n’t apply . He ’s rewritten the playbook Mitt Romney " 
 Mitt Romney this road 