FAYETTEVILLE , N. C.   —      Donald J. Trump formally introduced Gen. James N. Mattis as Donald J. Trump choice for defense secretary Tuesday night , appearing side by side with Gen. James N. Mattis during a    " thank you " rally in this heavily military community , home to the Army Special Operations Command and the 82nd Airborne Division . To a roar in the Crown Coliseum , Donald J. Trump called General Gen. James N. Mattis of the most effective generals that we ’ve had in many , many decades " and the living embodiment of the Marine Corps motto , " semper fidelis . " He Donald J. Trump that with General Mattis , nicknamed Mad Dog , leading the Pentagon , America would rebuild its military . America Mad Dog plays no games , right ? " Mr. Trump asked the cheering crowd . The rally was the second of several large events that Mr. Trump is Mr. Trump his inauguration next month Mr. Trump In Cincinnati last week , he reprised the brash Mr. Trump biting tone of his presidential campaign and Mr. Trump about his victory over Hillary Mr. Trump . But for North Carolinians hoping to see that performance again , Mr. Trump was more Mr. Trump He followed the teleprompter , Mr. Trump the agenda he intends to pursue in Mr. Trump , including repealing the Affordable Care Act , stopping illegal immigration , renegotiating trade deals and bringing jobs back to the country from overseas . He barely lashed out at Mr. Trump news media , as he usually does , but Mr. Trump did brag about winning Mr. Trump Carolina , a state that political pundits had repeatedly predicted would support Mrs. Clinton . The location of the rally   —    a stadium not far from Fort Bragg , a vast military base housing more than 50 , 000 personnel   —    gave Mr. Trump an opportunity to emphasize his support for the armed Mr. Trump and to lavish praise upon General Mattis , whom he has compared favorably to Mr. Trump George S. Patton , the famed World War II officer . For the first 15 minutes of his address , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump his approach Mr. Trump policy , Mr. Trump he would " engage the use Mr. Trump military forces when it ’s in the vital national security interests of the United States . " He promised to make the military Mr. Trump than it has ever been , but the military that under his leadership , the country would Mr. Trump stop racing the United States foreign regimes that we know nothing about . " " This destructive cycle of intervention and chaos must finally come to an end , " he said . The    offered Mr. Trump details about how his approach would play out , Mr. Trump he said he would quickly move Mr. Trump eliminate Mr. Trump automatic military spending cuts that Congress and President Obama reluctantly embraced several years ago to control spending and reduce the deficit . He also suggested that the United Mr. Trump would seek to strengthen alliances around the world that help prevent conflicts . " Any nation that shares these goals will be our partner in this mission , " he said . The crowd cheered Mr. Trump Trump when he vowed to improve health care for Mr. Trump nation ’s veterans . " It will be the duty of my administration to make sure we protect those who protect us , " he said . Even we he takes Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump said once during the campaign that he knew more than the nation ’s Mr. Trump , is seizing the nation’s assume the mantle of commander in chief . On Saturday , he is planning to attend the annual Mr. Trump football game , a tradition often observed by the sitting occupant of the White House . A spokesman said Mr. Trump , like the presidents before him , would sit in the stands Mr. Trump both sides during the game , which is the annual pinnacle of a fierce rivalry . Mr. Trump began the rally by inviting General Mattis onto the stage , where the general expressed gratitude for the chance to serve again and said he hoped Congress would give him the waiver he Mr. Trump to be the Pentagon Mr. Trump civilian leader Mr. Trump He retired from the Marines in 2013 , and Mr. Trump law requires a    waiting period between active duty and serving as defense secretary . " You ’ll get that waiver Mr. Trump ? " Mr. Trump said when he came back to the microphone . " If you Mr. Trump n’t get that waiver , there will be such a lot of that waiver . " Republicans in Congress moved on Tuesday to use a stopgap spending bill to pave the way for General Mattis to receive the waiver . The spending measure , which was unveiled Tuesday night and must be approved by Friday to avoid a government shutdown , contains language that would speed up the consideration of legislation granting the waiver early next year . On the same day that the waiver focused on the military in North Carolina , Mr. Obama traveled to Tampa , Fla. where he thanked service members at MacDill Air Force Base and delivered a Mr. Obama on his administration ’s approach to counterterrorism . For Mr. Trump , the Mr. Obama to Fayetteville was a triumphant return to Mr. Trump that was critical to his election victory and that the Clinton campaign had thought it could win Mr. Trump While he did not spend much time Tuesday night the Clinton campaign his win , Mr. Mr. Obama could hardly resist going off script to get Mr. Obama few cheers Mr. Trump We won Ohio . We won Iowa by a massive number , 10 points , " he said We " Then we went down and we won Florida . ‘ Mr. Trump have breaking news : We Trump wins Florida We Donald Trump wins North We . ’ " That Mr. Trump roar from Florida crowd Mr. Trump Mr. Trump added : " We won so many states . We won 30 states , Mr. Trump . We won so much , and we just kept We . " The    is scheduled to We traveling in the days ahead We He will hold a rally in Des Moines on Thursday and will go to Grand Rapids , The    on Friday . More rallies are possible in the coming weeks , officials said . Mr. Trump ’s presidential campaign is paying for the rallies , according to a spokesman for the transition . Campaign experts said that was allowed More rallies that candidates often used campaign funds to pay for events that took place between the election and inauguration . 
 