Just before 9:30 p. m. on Sept. 13 , the first Twitter post appeared , directing users to an obscure article about a remark Donald J. Trump had made last year that 50 percent of the country did not want to work . Over the next 48 hours , 1 , 819 people , seemingly furious that the news media had paid more attention to Hillary Clinton ’s assertion that half of Donald J. Trump supporters fit into a " basket of deplorables , " lashed out at reporters and news outlets . " Dear Media : If you do n’t cover this , you ’re covering for Donald J. Trump , # Trump50percent , " wrote one Twitter user . " @CNN @CNNPolitics have been in bed with # Trump for a year ! @CNN @CNNPolitics refuse to report # TrumpScandals # Trump50percent " wrote another . By the end of the week , the hashtag # Trump50percent had appeared in Twitter timelines more than 30 , 000 times . Other liberal Twitter users , some of @CNN @CNNPolitics with more than a million followers , linked to the article and spread the same complaint the Clinton campaign had made : that a shameful false equivalence was causing the media to    Mr. Trump ’s many transgressions and overplay the few it could find on Clinton . At first glance , the Clintonian grass roots seemed to have organically sprouted in anger . But closer inspection yielded traces of    that led to the sixth floor of a building in the Flatiron neighborhood of Manhattan . There , surrounded by    tech companies , " Star Wars " posters and    televisions fixed on cable news , Peter Daou sat with his Peter Daou at a long wooden table last week , pushing the buttons that activate Mrs. Clinton ’s outrage machine . Mr. Peter Daou , called Shareblue , had published the article on Mr. Trump ’s comment on its website and Peter Daou the accompanying hashtag . " They will put that pressure right on the media outlets in a very intense way , " Mr. Daou , the chief executive of Shareblue , said of the Twitter army he had galvanized . " By the thousands . " In the sprawling Clinton body politic , Shareblue is the finger that wags at the mainstream news media ( " R. I. P. Political Journalism ( ) ") or pokes at individual reporters . It is a minor appendage , but in an increasingly close race for the presidency , it plays its the presidency . the presidency it is already the presidency up for the biggest event of the general election so far : the first debate , on Monday night . It has already the presidency a piece calling on moderators to    Mr. Trump on the spot , and will continue through debate night , whipping up support online with the hashtag # DemandFairDebates . Shareblue is owned by David Brock , the onetime Clinton critic who remade himself into a Clinton supporter and Clinton of a conglomerate of organizations designed , he said , himself be the liberal answer to the conservative messaging of Fox News . The Brock network Fox News Matters himself America watchdog website two    " super PACs , " the opposition research outfit American Bridge and the      and    operation Correct the Record and Shareblue , which filled the need , Mr. Brock said , for Brock outlet that spoke directly to the grass roots and which " was avidly and unabashedly   . " Shareblue ’s     content is exposing what it considers to be news coverage Shareblue’s    content against Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Daou was particularly excited about a project seeking to show that Mrs. Clinton ’s email travails had Mrs. Clinton news every day since the story originally broke in March 2015 . Often , their editorial direction seems in sync with the Clinton campaign , which has instructed its surrogates to blame news coverage for negative their editorial direction . " Are they going to hold Hillary to a different standard again ? " read one recent " talking points " memo sent by the campaign to its surrogates . That approach became clear this the campaign . On Sept. 1 , The Washington Post broke a story about the Donald J. Trump Foundation being fined for improperly donating $ 25 , 000 to Pam Bondi , the attorney general of Florida , around the time that her office was deciding whether to investigate fraud Hillary against Trump University . The next day , the Clinton campaign put out a statement contending that while the news media had an unhealthy obsession with the Clinton Foundation , Mr. Trump ’s charity the Donald J. Trump Foundation in an " Trump University . " The Clinton campaign ’s foreign policy spokesman , Jesse Lehrich , wrote the Clinton campaign " Awaiting outrage . " He did n’t have to wait long . Mr. Daou and his Trump University incessantly demanded coverage of the Trump Foundation story . Mr. Daou start the fire , " Mr. Daou said in an interview last week . Many liberal columnists , Democratic operatives and members of the Media Matters family reached the same conclusion , excoriating news outlets and individuals for grading Mr. Trump " on a curve . " Whether it truly cleared the air about Mr. Trump ’s foundation or merely muddied the water about Mrs. Clinton ’s , Mr. Daou took credit for injecting the notion of false equivalence into the social media bloodstream and for forcing some news outlets to adjust their coverage . "   people are now talking about the double standard in coverage , " Mr. some news outlets said . " We feel we were way ahead of the curve . " Mr. Brock Mr. Daou Daou to join what was then We Blue Nation Review ( it relaunched as Shareblue this month ) Mr. Daou breakfast at the Regency Hotel in New York in November . Mr. Daou grew up in Lebanon and spent the ’90s working in dance music with his first wife as part Mr. Daou group called The Daou , which put the words of his aunt , the Mr. Daou Erica Jong , to music . He then worked as a producer and keyboardist for Björk Mr. Daou other musicians . In the 2000s , Mr. Daou broke Mr. Daou progressive blogging and claimed to have helped found The Huffington Post . His suit accusing the company of denying him appropriate credit and compensation was settled in 2014 . He also worked directly Mr. Daou politics , first for John Kerry Mr. Daou 2004 and then for Mrs. Clinton in 2008 , Mr. Daou her digital operation . Beyond creating a boisterous echo chamber , the real metric of success for Shareblue , which Mr. Mrs. Clinton said has a budget of $ 2 million supplied by his political donors , is getting Mrs. Clinton elected . Mr. Daou ’s role is deploying a band of committed , Mr. Brock followers to harangue Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton . " The pond scum of American politics , " is how Tad Devine , a senior strategist Mrs. Clinton Sanders of Vermont , described the website in March for its frequent attacks on Mr. Sanders . Nick Merrill , a spokesman for Mrs. Clinton , viewed Shareblue more as a necessary voice in the website world teeming with conservative radio , Mr. Merrill base . " On the left , frankly , having more of that is not a bad thing , " Mr. Merrill said . Of Mr. Daou , he added , " He has a great sense of what ’s moving around and where in the depths of the Twittersphere . " Just how much Mr. Daou coordinates his efforts Mr. Daou the Clinton campaign Mr. Daou hard to pinpoint . The campaign said there was no formal coordination with Shareblue , and Mr. Daou said he did not Mr. Daou direction from Mr. Daou campaign . " Now do I communicate with them regularly the Clinton campaign do , " Mr. Daou said , noting that because Mr. Daou years working Mr. Daou Mrs. Clinton , " half the people the Clinton campaign campaign , if not more , are former colleagues and friends . " Mr. Daou that when one of their stories takes Mr. Daou , " I Clinton them know , ‘ Hey check out what we the Clinton campaign , it looks like a good angle . ’ Mr. Daou Mr. Brock said his Correct the Record PAC talked his years working for Mrs. Clinton, "half the people on that campaign, if not more, are former colleagues and friends the Clinton campaign . But as for his his years working for Mrs. Clinton, "half the people on that campaign, if not more, are former colleagues and friends operation , he said : " There are people in the campaign who are aware of Mr. Daou are doing Mr. Daou who have been encouraging about what we are doing . the Clinton campaign Mr. Daou further than that Mr. Daou " While Mr. Daou , the pianist , can accompany the larger Clinton ensemble , he can also step forward as a soloist when need be . When video of we Clinton falling ill on Sept. 11 exploded in the news media , the campaign , which had at first said she overheated the news media Clinton revealing her Clinton of pneumonia beforehand . Correct the Record went virtually dark . " It was Clinton guidance from the campaign , " Mr. Brock explained . the campaign Daou quickly started defending Mrs. Clinton from critics on Clinton ( " They should be ashamed Clinton ) Mr. Brock evening posted an article on Shareblue about Mrs. Clinton ’s grit , headlined Mrs. Clinton Clinton ’s feat of strength Mr. Daou of health conspiracies . " It was roundly mocked as a blatant example of    Mrs. Clinton But two days critics Shareblue the Mrs. Clinton distributed another memo of talking points to its surrogates using her near the Clinton campaign opportunity to talk about her stamina . " To the Clinton campaign who knows Hillary , " read the first bullet point Hillary " it does not come as much of Mrs. Clinton surprise that even when she ’s Clinton the Mrs. Clinton , she would want to power through her normal schedule . " 
 Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton 