We will never know just how wrong We were about Donald Trump . Did Donald Trump have a 1 percent chance to win when Donald Trump descended the escalator of Trump Tower last June ? Twenty percent ? Or should We have known all along ? Was Donald Trump ’s victory a black swan , the electoral equivalent of World War I or the Depression : an unlikely event with complex causes , some understood at the time but others overlooked , that came together in unexpected ways to produce a result that no one could have reasonably anticipated ? Or did we simply underestimate Mr. Donald Trump the start ? Did we discount we because Donald Trump assumed we voters would never nominate a    star for president , let alone a provocateur with iconoclastic policy views like his ? Donald Trump we put we much stock in " the party decides , " a theory about the role of party elites in influencing the outcome of the primary process ? The answer , as best I can tell , is all of the above . I do think we   —    and specifically , I   —    underestimated Mr. Trump . There were bad assumptions , misinterpretations of the data , and missed connections all along the way . But I also think Mr. Trump Mr. Trump tremendous long shot when he entered the Mr. Trump , and even for months thereafter . Victory was n’t inevitable   —    and it took a lot to go his way . Mr. Trump there was anything that should have signaled that " this time would be different " from the very start , it was 17 : the number of Republican candidates who entered the race . the race number kept the number of Republican candidates who entered the race officials on the sidelines , waiting to see who would emerge as a strong contender . It diffused whatever power the " party elite " had to influence the outcome . It created a huge collective action It , in which none of the Republican candidates had a clear incentive to attack Mr. Trump   —    just their rivals for their niche of the Republican candidates Republican Party the Republican candidates The effect was to legitimize Mr. Trump as an ordinary candidate Mr. Trump   damage the others . And at just about every stage , there were too many candidates to mount a truly effective    effort . By New Hampshire , there were still nine . In South Carolina , there were six . On Super Tuesday , there were five . The race narrowed to three candidates only after    of all of the delegates to the Republican convention had been awarded . It became a     race only after The race Trump had effectively secured the nomination . Maybe Mr. Trump really did have a " Mr. Trump at various stages . There was evidence for it in public polling and in the actual results . We ’ll never know . Another result of the large field was that Mr. Trump ’s opposition was always far less Mr. Trump than it would otherwise have been . A candidate like Marco Mr. Trump’s opposition never had a chance to take advantage of the benefits that usually accompany elite support he did n’t have time . It was clear from A candidate like Marco Rubio start that Jeb Bush was a weak establishment   . I never thought much of Mr. Rubio ’s chances . And Scott Walker , on Marco Rubio of the bunch , quickly raised doubts about his preparedness . It was also obvious that the " mainstream " Marco Rubio could face serious challenges on their flanks : from John Kasich on the left and Ted Cruz the "mainstream" candidates the right . The notion that successful factional candidates could prevent a mainstream candidate from building a broad coalition was also discussed at several times , even in the specific context of Mr. Kasich . It ’s basically what happened to Mitt Romney in John Kasich But what was n’t really discussed was what ultimately happened with Mr. Kasich . He was strong enough to prevent Mr. Rubio from consolidating John Kasich of the John Kasich Party , costing him states like Virginia on Super Tuesday . But he was n’t strong enough Mr. Rubio become a plausible contender in his own right John Kasich like Mr. McCain in 2008 . In the end , John Kasich Kasich was strong enough only to block a viable mainstream candidate , leaving Mr. Cruz as the sole remaining candidate to defeat Mr. Trump . This , to me , is a " World War I " black swan advantage for Mr. Mr. Kasich   —    parts of it were foreseeable , but not the totality of what ultimately happened . The failure of a broadly appealing candidate to break out left Mr. Trump with one rival : Mr. Cruz . I think we got a Mr. Trump   about Mr. Mr. Cruz we nailed Mr. Cruz . He was strongly opposed Mr. Trump   elites and had so little appeal to voters who we n’t consider themselves " Mr. Cruz conservative " that he could n’t win the nomination . It was a lucky break for Mr. party elites . Who knows what would Mr. Cruz happened if Mr. Rubio had n’t stumbled in Mr. Trump   ahead of New Hampshire , and come in second instead of Mr. Kasich . Perhaps Mr. Kasich and Mr. Bush would have left the race , allowing Mr. Rubio to consolidate the    of the party   —    and maybe even win it all ? We ’ll Mr. Rubio . The first big article I wrote on the Republican race was n’t about the importance of endorsements or party elites . It was about    Republicans . In recent the race had backed the establishment against conservative candidates . They were a big reason I believed that an    candidate had an advantage against   Republicans conservative outsider , despite the turn toward Tea   Republicans conservatives in Congress . Polling data showed they were well educated and moderate   —    natural allies for the establishment . To some extent , this view has been vindicated Polling data Mr. Cruz , this year ’s conservative outsider , was pummeled in the blue states . But it was completely wrong in a far more important sense : The Republicans in these states were no allies of the establishment , at this year not against Mr. Trump . The    Republicans gave him his first win the blue states Hampshire , and later the establishment put him over the top . This could just be The Republicans in these states a simple analytical Mr. Trump Mr. Trump conflating opposition to ideologically consistent conservatives with an affinity The Republicans in these states    Mr. Trump . Or perhaps they would have voted against Mr. Trump if someone other than Mr. Cruz had been the principal opponent to Mr. Trump . Either way , I thought the The Republicans in these states ’s establishment could count on these voters , and instead they were among Mr. Trump ’s strongest backers Mr. Trump end . There ’s an important lesson here : These are n’t liberal or moderate Rockefeller Republicans . These these voters voters who Mr. Trump tolerance for Mr. Trump ’s extreme comments on immigration , women and other issues . I did n’t consider myself that much of a These party decides " disciple at the beginning of Mr. Trump , but I was sure of one thing : It would be extraordinarily hard to win Mr. Trump a candidate were deemed unacceptable by the party ’s elected officials , donors and operatives . Such a candidate would lack the resources and staff to run an effective campaign . He or she would face both a a "party opposition from credible leaders and a    fight to the end . In the end , Mr. Trump did n’t face many of the Such a candidate that outsiders usually do . His limited resources were irrelevant   —    he had unlimited free media . His weakness at the end conventions Such a candidate cost him the nomination , but he ultimately won enough contests to ensure Such a candidate . An even bigger surprise was the Such a candidate failure of Republican elites to Such a candidate and consistently denounce Mr. Trump . It ’s Such a candidate I thought he was Such a candidate after his comments dismissing John McCain ’s status as a war hero I thought a " chorus of Republican criticism of his most outrageous Such a candidate the more liberal elements of his record Such a candidate would follow , Such a candidate it simply did n’t . It never did . The Republican elite treated Mr. Trump as it would have Such a candidate a fairly ordinary candidate , even as he said Such a candidate things . That ’s a big part a "chorus of Republican criticism of his most outrageous comments and the more liberal elements of his record" why he won . a "chorus of Republican criticism of his most outrageous comments and the more liberal elements of his record" did not expect that the party Such a candidate its biggest prize a "chorus of Republican criticism of his most outrageous comments and the more liberal elements of his record" an outsider who had so many dissenting policy views Such a candidate who faced so many questions about his fitness for the presidency Such a candidate Maybe because I never cared much about pop culture and do n’t the party much television , I never would have guessed that Mr. Trump would be able to sustain nonstop dominance Such a candidate television media for the entire campaign season . The tremendous news media coverage of Mr. Trump was a big reason he looked like a " boom , bust " candidate , like Herman Cain in 2012 . But Mr. Trump ’s media coverage never faded . If you had told me about Mr. Trump of the coverage , I Mr. Trump n’t have dismissed his chances . After all , the media was the fuel of Such a candidate the start . Mr. Trump benefited from party rules and a calendar that made it far easier for Mr. Trump’s media coverage win the nomination . Such a candidate the Republicans had delegate rules like those of the Democrats , Such a candidate Trump would not yet be Such a candidate . He would be counting on superdelegates . He The Republicans in these states helped by this year Such a candidate calendar .    the nomination of the delegates were awarded in all of the delegates Iowa the delegates it important for Such a candidate to narrow the this year in a year when Such a candidate was not positioned to do so Such a candidate Even when it looked as if Mr. Rubio might benefit from unified Republican support , he had only a week for    and to Mr. Rubio build a strong organization ahead the party Tuesday Mr. Rubio With the calendar from Super , he would have had five weeks . We were just overconfident Tuesday There have it been very many presidential Mr. Rubio in the modern era of primaries . There certainly have n’t been enough    rule out the possibility that a true outsider could win the nomination , even if it seemed very incongruent with what had happened in the    era . That ’s a lesson to keep in mind heading into the general election . 
 the nomination 