Democrats close to Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign signaled strongly Thursday that Hillary Clinton’s would choose Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia as Hillary Clinton’s running mate , rounding out the ticket with a popular politician from a battleground state . Both former President Bill Clinton and the White House have expressed Both former President Bill Clinton and the White House support for Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia , but aides cautioned that Hillary Clinton’s had not yet made a final decision and that other candidates were still under consideration . Mrs. Hillary Clinton’s widely expected to announce her choice Hillary Clinton’s an email to supporters while on a campaign swing in Florida on Friday afternoon , an attempt to regain momentum the day after her Republican Hillary Clinton’s , Donald J. Trump , accepted his party ’s Donald J. Trump in Cleveland . With Mr. Kaine emerging as a clear favorite , one group already expressed disappointment at the prospect of the former governor of Virginia joining the ticket : liberals . Many of the groups that backed Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont in his Democratic contest Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont Mrs. Clinton had hoped she would extend Mrs. Clinton olive branch to the liberal wing of the party and choose a    candidate whose stances on Wall Street and global trade deals closely aligned with those of Mr. Sanders . Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont the Democratic National Convention beginning in Philadelphia on Monday , the prospects have dimmed for the two liberal senators who were being considered , Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Sherrod Brown of Ohio . That has led to more liberal scrutiny of Mr. Kaine ’s record . Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign has kept a tight lid on its search for a Mrs. Clinton’s campaign candidate . A spokeswoman for the campaign declined to Mrs. Clinton’s campaign An aide to Ms. Warren planned to meet with Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign Mrs. Clinton’s Mook , on Thursday afternoon to discuss how they could work together , which was Mrs. Clinton’s campaign manager, Robby Mook by some people with knowledge of the process as a sign that Mrs. Clinton had settled on a Mrs. Clinton’s Liberals say they are concerned about Mr. Kaine ’s positions Liberals global trade deals and Wall Street regulation . He has been an outspoken advocate of free Mr. Kaine’s and has defended the North American Free Trade Agreement , which many voters in Rust Belt states blame for the loss of manufacturing jobs to Mexico . He voted in support of " fast track Mr. Kaine’s authority for the    Partnership , a    trade pact that President Obama has championed . Two others under consideration , Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez , also supported the    Partnership . But Mr. Perez , who is popular among labor unions , has criticized Nafta , which Mr. Trump has called " a disaster . " After praising the    Partnership as secretary of state , Mrs. Clinton has recently said as a candidate , " I do n’t believe it ’s going to meet the high bar I ’ve set " on protecting American workers , the environment and other issues . About 60 percent of voters said trade with other countries caused job losses in the United States , according to the latest New York    News poll . Mr. Trump has a slight edge over Mrs. Clinton on the question of who voters consider better poised to tackle the trade issue . Putting Mr. Kaine on the ticket " could be disastrous for our efforts to defeat Donald Trump in the fall " because of Mr. Trump of the    Partnership , said Charles Mr. Kaine , executive director of Democracy for America , a liberal political action committee . Mr. Kaine , the son of a welder who Mr. Kaine and independents . Those voters may prove more critical to her chances in November than the young liberal voters who backed Mr. Sanders in the primaries . As governor of white male voters and independents Mr. Kaine appealed to both Mrs. Clinton in urban pockets and independents in rural areas , and established a reputation as a pragmatic consensus builder . " He ’d appeal to people in the Midwest because that ’s his roots , " said Carl Tobias , a law professor at the University of Richmond Mr. Kaine And Mr. Tobias said Virginians across political lines considered him Mr. Kaine a thoroughly decent and honest Mr. Tobias declaring she is " far and away the best Mr. Kaine . " And while polls suggest that most of his supporters plan to vote for her in November , some surveys suggest that only a small fraction of them Mrs. Clinton do so enthusiastically and that Mrs. Clinton remains unpopular with independents . " Hillary Clinton ’s    Mr. Sanders will be seen by many Mrs. Clinton a proxy for how she will govern   —    boldly , some surveys cautiously ? " said Stephanie Taylor Mrs. Clinton    of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee Mrs. Clinton referred to the army of    donors who fueled Mr. Sanders ’s candidacy , Mrs. Clinton , " The wrong pick could deflate energy among potential donors and volunteers , hurting Democratic efforts to win the White House . " Mrs. Clinton running mate can please every demographic and constituency . Senator Cory Booker , also in the running pick . 2 spot , supported Gov. Chris Christie ’s push in New Jersey to expand charter schools and implement    pay for teachers . Those positions made him deeply unpopular among the teachers’ unions who have been among Mrs. Clinton ’s most loyal supporters . On Thursday , Mr. Booker , speaking from the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , defended Mrs. Clinton and derided Mr. Trump as " someone who has been so indiscriminate with his demeaning and degrading language . " Asked about the prospect of Mr. Kaine on the Democratic ticket , Mr. Booker praised his Senate colleague . " Mrs. Clinton is one of the most honorable people I ’ve met in all of politics Mr. Trump " 
 Mr. Booker Mr. Kaine Mr. Kaine 