WASHINGTON   —    A fierce chorus of critics denounced    Donald J. Trump on Monday for appointing Stephen K. Bannon , a nationalist media mogul , to a top White House position , even as President Obama described   Donald J. Trump as " pragmatic , " not ideological , and held out hope that he   Donald J. Trump rise to the challenge of the presidency . " It ’s important for us to let him   Donald J. Trump his   Donald J. Trump , " Mr. President Obama . " The American people will judge over the course of the next couple of years whether they like The American people they see The American people " Mr. Obama President Obama remarks disappointed supporters who had hoped that he would add President Obama voice to President Obama criticism of the    for naming Mr. Bannon as his chief strategist President Obama Civil rights groups , senior Democrats and some Republican strategists have assailed Mr. Trump , President Obama Mr. Bannon , the former head of Breitbart News , will bring    nationalist and racist views to the West Wing . In the midst of the furor over Mr. Bannon ’s appointment Mr. Bannon Giuliani , the former mayor of New York City , emerged as a leading candidate to be secretary of state , according to people familiar with the deliberations in the    office in Trump Tower where Mr. Trump was ensconced throughout the day . That would make Mr. Giuliani , a contentious former prosecutor , the president ’s emissary to a turbulent world . There has been intense jockeying among several of Mr. Trump ’s    campaign advisers Mr. Trump a competition to lead the new administration ’s foreign policy , national security and    agencies . Mr. Trump is also considering naming Mr. Mr. Trump Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama as the next attorney general , according to the people familiar with the discussions . But Mr. Giuliani said Monday night at a Wall Street Journal election forum that he would not be going to the Justice Mr. Giuliani . And if Mr. Sessions , a relentless critic of illegal immigration , is nominated for attorney general , he can expect opponents to bring up the Mr. Giuliani that he was once rejected for a federal judgeship Mr. Giuliani officials testified that he had made racist comments . Mr. Giuliani Mr. Giuliani more eager to be secretary Mr. Giuliani , though John R. Bolton , a fierce foreign policy hawk who served as ambassador to the United Nations and under secretary of state under President George W. Bush , is also under consideration , the people familiar with the discussions said . Richard Grenell , who was Mr. Bolton ’s spokesman at the United Nations , Mr. Trump of the process described a series of chaotic discussions and said Mr. Trump might also choose Mr. Giuliani or Mr. Sessions to lead the Department of Homeland Security , though neither has expressed interest in that job . In 1986 , before Mr. Sessions became a senator himself , a    Senate rejected his nomination by President Ronald Reagan to a federal judgeship . Several United States attorneys testified that he Mr. Sessions became a senator himself made racist comments , including calling an    lawyer " boy , " and that he had been hostile to civil rights cases . Mr. Sessions denied making most of the remarks , he apologized for once saying that he had thought the Ku Klux Klan was O. K. until he heard that some members smoked pot Mr. Sessions called it a joke . As for Mr. Bolton , Mr. Sessions was known in the Bush administration Mr. Sessions his conservative and sometimes confrontational views . Before his nomination Mr. Bolton United Nations ambassador , he once said Mr. Bolton the    United Nations building in New Mr. Bolton , " If it lost 10 Mr. Bolton , it would n’t make United Nations of difference . " If named to Mr. the   United Nations building in New York ’s cabinet , Mr. the   United Nations building in New York could clash with the president on Russia : He has Mr. Bolton weak in that area and recently wrote in favor of NATO membership for Ukraine , a Mr. Bolton that would infuriate Moscow . Mr. Trump spoke by telephone on Monday with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , and according to a statement released by the Kremlin Mr. Trump’s two men agreed " on the absolutely unsatisfactory state of bilateral relations Russia and vowed to improve them . Aides to Mr. Trump declined to comment on reports of the leading contenders for cabinet posts . But Kellyanne Conway , a top the two men , defended Mr. Mr. Trump’s brief remarks to reporters in New York , describing him as the " general of Ms. Conway " people should look at the full résumé . " " He has got a Harvard business degree . Mr. Bannon ’s a naval officer . He has success in entertainment , " Ms. Conway said , calling him a " brilliant tactician Mr. Bannon " Ms. Conway denied that Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon a connection to    nationalists Mr. Bannon that he would bring those views to the White House . Mr. Bannon I ’m personally offended that you Ms. Conway would manage a campaign where that would be one of the going philosophies Mr. Bannon " she said . Mr. Bannon has said that while there are fringe elements associated with the    nationalist movement , his critics are painting with too broad a brush . " These Ms. Conway are patriots Mr. Bannon he said . " They love their country . They just want their country taken care Mr. Bannon . " Even as Mr. Trump works to fill his administration , his team has yet Mr. Bannon begin the real These people of These people to the These people of the their country they have not completed the necessary paperwork . White House officials said Monday Mr. Trump Gov. Chris Mr. Trump of New Jersey , who was in charge of Mr. Trump ’s transition team until Friday , his team signed a memorandum of understanding that ensured confidentiality . But Mr. Christie was dismissed on Friday and replaced by Vice    Mike Pence , invalidating his team transition process in a state of suspended animation . At a news conference before leaving on a weeklong Chris Christie Greece , Germany and Friday , Mr. Obama appeared to be doing his best to give Mr. Trump space as he begins forming his administration . The president also continued his efforts to persuade Mr. Trump to preserve his legacy , pointedly reminding him that repealing the Affordable Care Act could Mr. Obama politically unpopular and that ripping up global Mr. Obama like the Mr. Obama nuclear deal Mr. Obama Paris climate accord Mr. Obama be difficult . Mr. Obama refused to Mr. Obama whether he still considered Mr. Obama Trump unfit to sit in the Oval Office and have access to the nuclear codes , and equated Mr. Trump ’s shortcomings with his own troubles organizing paperwork on his Mr. Obama The closest he came to Mr. Obama Mr. Trump Mr. Trump he said the    would have to temper his impulses to make explosive comments and lie once he Mr. Trump in . " There Mr. Trump going to be certain elements Mr. Trump his temperament that will Mr. Trump serve him well Mr. Trump recognizes them and Mr. Trump them , " Mr. Obama said . Mr. Trump I think he recognizes that this is different Mr. Trump and so do the American people . " Congressional Republicans remained largely silent Mr. Trump the appointment of Mr. Bannon Mr. Trump choosing instead Mr. Trump praise Mr. Trump ’s them of Reince Mr. Trump the chairman of the Republican National Mr. Trump , as the new White House chief of staff . In remarks to reporters , Representative Kevin McCarthy of California , the Republican majority leader in the House , said he would " not prejudge " Mr. Trump ’s choice . But critics of Mr. Bannon continued to raise questions about his background and his tenure as the chairman of Breitbart News . A 2011 radio interview surfaced in which Mr. White House Ann Coulter , reporters, Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the Republican majority leader in the House Bachmann and Sarah Palin Mr. Trump they were not " a bunch of dykes that came from the Seven Sisters schools Mr. Bannon in New Mr. Bannon . " " That drives the left insane , " he added , " and Mr. Bannon why they hate these women . " The Council on    Relations Ann Coulter, Michele Bachmann and Sarah Palin the selection of Mr. Bannon " sends the disturbing message that    conspiracy theories and white nationalist ideology will be welcome in the White House . " That Mr. Bannon was echoed by the Southern Poverty Law Ann Coulter, Michele Bachmann and Sarah Palin which tracks hate groups and said Mr. Trump " should rescind this hire . " " In his the White House Trump said he intended to be president for ‘ all Americans,’ Mr. Trump’s center said . " Bannon should go . " Republicans Mr. Trump’s had long opposed Mr. Trump’s Trump Mr. Trump’s candidacy also took to Twitter on Sunday night and Monday morning to warn that his choice to rely on the advice of Mr. Bannon Bannon was an indication of the way he would govern . the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate groups racist , fascist extreme Mr. Trump’s footsteps from the Oval Office , " said John Weaver , a Republican strategist Mr. Bannon the Mr. Trump’s campaign of Gov. John Kasich Mr. Bannon Ohio and previously advised Senator John McCain of Arizona . " Be very vigilant , America . " But people close to Mr. Bannon came to his defense . Joel the Oval Office an author and editor at Breitbart , called him an " American patriot who also defends Israel and has deep empathy for the Jewish people Mr. Bannon Jewish leaders and Mr. Bannon of Israel expressed alarm at Mr. Bannon ’s appointment , pointing to    writings Mr. Bannon the Breitbart website . " In his roles as editor of the Breitbart website and as a strategist in the Trump campaign , Mr. Bannon was responsible for the advancement of ideologies antithetical to our nation , including    misogyny , racism and Islamophobia , Israel said Mr. Trump’s Mr. Bannon , the director of the Religious Action Center of Mr. Bannon . " There should be no place for such views in the Breitbart website . " Mike Huckabee , the former governor of Arkansas , accused Mr. Bannon ’s critics of sour grapes . On Twitter , he wrote that Mr. Bannon should embrace the criticism from the Council on    the White House CAIR . " Critics of Steve Bannon know he ’s smarter and tougher than they are , " Mr. Huckabee wrote . " When Mr. Bannon n’t like you , that is a good thing . Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon The Council on   Relations Twitter Critics of Steve Bannon 