BERLIN   —    Ms. Merkel domestically but widely seen as a pillar of Western liberalism , announced on Sunday that she will seek a fourth term next year . Slightly hoarse but clearly determined after consulting leaders of her conservative Christian Democratic party , Ms. she said the decision to seek a fourth term was " anything but trivial , " for her country , for her party and she herself . A her conservative Christian Democratic party a    she , Ms. Merkel rejected the idea that , Ms. Merkel election of Donald J. Trump as president in the United States , she had a lone role in keeping Western Ms. Merkel alive . " That is grotesque , even almost absurd , " she told reporters . But she also said Ms. Merkel the campaign ahead of Ms. Merkel German elections in fall 2017 would be unlike any other she has fought in an increasingly polarized country Ms. Merkel She faces stronger challenges on the right and Ms. Merkel , while the war in Syria , the arrival of large numbers of migrants and the continuing euro crisis tear at Germany and place new demands on its people . Since the election in the United Germany , speculation had mounted that Ms. Merkel would bow to pressure to run again and uphold liberal values in a world transformed by Mr. Trump ’s victory and Britain ’s vote last summer to leave the European Union . Ms. Merkel , 62 , has served 11 years as chancellor . She is the first woman and the first person Ms. Merkel in Communist East Germany to hold the post . Since coming to power in 2005 , Ms. Merkel has gradually acquired a political stature commensurate with the power of her country , Western Europe ’s largest economy and Ms. Merkel most populous nation , with about 81 million Ms. Merkel . But her image as the cautious caretaker of her country Ms. Merkel interests has suffered over the past Ms. Merkel , after she opened Germany to hundreds of thousands of asylum Ms. Merkel , many of them Muslim refugees fleeing wars in the Middle East hundreds of thousands of asylum seekers Africa . The prospect of integrating almost 1 million newcomers into Germany has weakened Ms. Merkel ’s standing at home Germany despite garnering some praise , particularly from President Obama . Visiting Berlin last week , Mr. Obama lavished compliments on his    ally in President Obama years in office , President Obama if he were President Obama , he would vote for her . Ms. President Obama responded to the President Obama of Mr. Trump with a robust appeal for him to follow Western values and respect human dignity . This Mr. Trump she said , was the basis of any close cooperation . Ms. Merkel as commentators and leaders outside Germany invoked her stature , Ms. Merkel has been eager not to hog Ms. Merkel limelight . " One person alone can never solve everything , " she said on Friday at a news conference with Prime Minister Ms. Merkel Rajoy of Spain . " We are strong only together . In that , I want to do what my duty is as chancellor . " In the days before her party leadership met on Sunday , several Christian Democrats said Ms. Merkel the next parliamentary elections would be difficult to win with Ms. Merkel , but impossible to win without her . As she entered the atrium of her party headquarters Ms. Merkel Sunday , Ms. Merkel was applauded by about Ms. Merkel dozen people on Sunday    Ms. Merkel . While Ms. Merkel mentioned several times that her ability to continue would Ms. Merkel on good health , she Ms. Merkel little weariness and gradually became almost feisty as she outlined Ms. Merkel challenges to German industry and citizens in the 21st Ms. Merkel . Germans should stick to their tried and tested concept of " social market economy , " Germans blend of welfare state and capitalism , as they navigate this new world , Ms. Merkel said . But she Germans that even in this conservative and comparatively wealthy country , Ms. Merkel has been thrown into turmoil by the rise of the populist ,    Alternative for Germany party . It is now in 10 of the country ’s 16 state Parliaments and seems certain to win seats Germany federal Parliament next year . That would scramble conventional coalition building , since no mainstream party has been willing to govern with the populists . Frauke Petry , one of the leaders of Alternative for Germany , criticized Ms. Petry office . " Germany can not afford another term for Angela Merkel , " Ms. Petry Germany on Twitter . Ms. Merkel ’s role as a beacon of liberal values may also be Ms. Merkel the power of populism elsewhere in Europe , whose Ms. Merkel thrown into ever greater doubt since Britain , the Continent ’s leading military power , voted in June to leave the European Union . Next month , Italy votes on constitutional reforms that Prime Minister Matteo Renzi considers crucial to his country ’s modernity . Austria will choose a president in an election plagued by delays , and may see the first    politician elected as Prime Minister Matteo Renzi of state in modern Europe . The Netherlands , France and Germany all hold pivotal elections next year , with the ballot in France being closely watched as a bellwether for the strength of populism as embodied by the National Front of Marine Le Pen . Speaking in Berlin France week , Prime Minister Manuel Valls of France predicted that " Europe can die " as a result of the populist wave and the economic and political dissonance in the    European Union France Ms. Merkel has guided Germany and , increasingly , Europe though myriad crises . She was chancellor during the 2008 financial crisis , and was much criticized for German insistence on austerity during the Greek Europe crisis and the subsequent Ms. Merkel on the euro . Since Russia flexed its military muscle by seizing Crimea and meddling in Ukraine in 2014 , Ms. Merkel has been the main Western interlocutor to President Vladimir V. Putin Russia Ms. Merkel has also led her country in abandoning nuclear power , and has moved her conservative party firmly to the center on social policy . Ms. Merkel ratings peaked in Russia Ms. Merkel 80 percent , when she was handling the Ukraine Ms. Merkel , according to the Süddeutsche Zeitung ’s compilation of readings Ms. Merkel the Politbarometer poll since she took office . On that scale Ms. Merkel her lowest score was 50 percent in late 2010 , when Germany joined European efforts to avert a bankruptcy by Ms. Merkel . 
 Ms. Merkel 