Donald J. Trump vowed on Tuesday that as president , Donald J. Trump would put an end to policies that send American jobs overseas , threatening to impose tariffs on Chinese imports and promising to punish companies that relocate American jobs manufacturing to countries with cheaper labor . " It will be American hands that remake this country , " said Mr. Trump , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , standing before a hunk of aluminum at a recycling plant in western Pennsylvania . But such declarations are at odds with Mr. Trump ’s long history as a businessman , in which Mr. Trump has been heavily   —    and proudly   —    reliant on foreign labor in the name of putting profits , rather than America , first . From cheap neckties to television sets , Mr. Trump has benefited from some of the trade practices he Mr. Trump scorns . Besides construction , Mr. Mr. Trump big in the clothing business . But most of his line Mr. Trump suits , ties and cuff links bear a " Made in China " label . Some also come from factories in Bangladesh , Mexico and Vietnam . He has Mr. Trump China ’s China manipulation to argue that it is almost impossible to find garments that are made domestically these days , or that they are prohibitively expensive . " The answer is very simple , " Mr. Trump told   ABC News when asked about his merchandise Mr. Trump 2011 . " Because of the fact that China so China their currency , it makes it almost it for American companies to compete . " Despite that claim , some companies such as Brooks Brothers continue to make clothes in the United States . In 2013 , Mr. Trump teamed with Dorya , a Turkish maker of luxury furniture , for his Trump Mr. Trump brand . In a news release at the time , the Trump Organization promoted the craftsmanship of the pieces , which furnish some of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump " The entire production process , from the moment the raw wood is cut until the product is finished or upholstered occurs in Dorya ’s Izmir , Turkey , production facility , " the release said . a news release at the time also invested Mr. Trump line of crystal bearing his name to go with Mr. Trump Trump Home line . Mr. Trump collection was produced in Slovenia , the home of his wife , Melania . Mr. Trump Trump told The New Mr. Trump in 2010 that the production facilities were first class . " I ’ve seen factories over there their glass and crystal works are unbelievable factories " he said . Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump held back Mr. Trump comes to his concern that undocumented immigrants are taking Mr. Trump from American workers , but he has used them on occasion . Mr. Trump 1980 , a undocumented immigrants hired by Mr. Trump to demolish the Bonwit Teller Mr. Trump New York and make way for Trump Tower used undocumented Polish immigrants who reportedly worked     and even slept at the site . Mr. Trump said that he did not know Mr. Trump undocumented and later Mr. Trump a lawsuit over the matter . Last summer , The Washington Post found that Mr. Trump was using undocumented immigrants for the construction Mr. Trump Trump International Hotel at the site of the Old Mr. Trump Office Pavilion in Washington . And The Times reported this year that Mr. Trump had employed hundreds of foreign guest workers from Mr. Trump other countries at his     resort in Florida . Mr. Trump said that he Mr. Trump it difficult to find qualified Mr. Trump to work there Mr. Trump the high season . While Mr. Trump has for years railed against trade and currency policies that Mr. Trump are unfair , he has not always been opposed to outsourcing Mr. Trump Writing on the Trump Mr. Trump blog in 2005 , Mr. Trump acknowledged that foreign labor was sometimes needed to keep American companies Mr. Trump out of business . " If a company ’s only means of survival is by farming jobs outside its walls , then sometimes it ’s a necessary step , " Mr. Trump wrote a company " The other option a company be to close its doors Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump usually makes the case that foreign labor is a company to keep production costs Mr. Trump but in an interview with David Letterman in 2012 he also offered a humanitarian argument for outsourcing . Teased for selling dress shirts that were Mr. Trump in Bangladesh , Mr. Trump expressed pride that he was creating jobs around the world . " That ’s Mr. Trump we employ people in Mr. Trump , " Mr. Trump said . " They have to work , too . " 
 Mr. Trump Bangladesh 