At Saks Off Fifth recently , an Ivanka Trump white polyester and spandex blouse made in Indonesia was marked down to $ 34 . 99 , from $ 69 . A few racks over , her black and white jacket came from Vietnam , while several blocks away , at Macy ’s , her leather bootee manufactured in China sold for more than $ 100 . At the Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue , a $ 35 blue cotton cap embroidered with " Trump National Golf Club " was made in Bangladesh . A Trump Tower hoodie from Pakistan set tourists back $ 50 . A majority of clothes these days are made anywhere but in America . And in this era of local pride and nationalistic fervor , that has become a political liability . The conflict is starkly evident in the apparel brands made and marketed by    Donald J. Trump and   Donald J. Trump daughter Ivanka .   Donald J. Trump has cast companies that make goods in China and other foreign countries as economic pariahs , siphoning off jobs better left at home . He   Donald J. Trump blamed the system , a set of policies in the United States that Mr.   Donald J. Trump using for his own   Donald J. Trump . And since being elected , he has   Donald J. Trump to rail against global forces , threatening to punish companies with high tariffs if they do companies move production to the United the United States Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump on such promises , he would take   Donald J. Trump at not only his own brand   Donald J. Trump but his daughter ’s   Donald J. Trump well . Mr. Trump does   Donald J. Trump to lose much . While his goods are largely   Donald J. Trump overseas , most of his retail ventures have   Donald J. Trump the way of Trump vodka and steaks   Donald J. Trump And what products can be found   —    at his hotels and golf   Donald J. Trump and on Amazon sold by independent sellers   —    are the vestiges of a mostly defunct clothing line or sporadic shipments of Trump sweatshirts and hats   Donald J. Trump Ivanka Trump ’s company , by contrast , is the type of operation that Mr. Trump is squarely aiming for Ivanka Trump’s company shoes and dresses largely retail for Ivanka Trump’s company than $ 150 . Coats cost as much as $ 400 . Factored into those prices is the cost of materials and production , as well as shipping , tariffs , marketing and advertising expenses . Cheap production overseas means more coin in the coffers of Ms. Trump and the shoe , accessory and clothing makers that are her partners , among them Marc Fisher footwear , the    accessory and clothing Group and Mondani . ( Ms. Trump ’s company , which is privately held , does not disclose its financials . ) Almost all of the   Apparel Group and Mondani goods are made overseas , according her a New York Times review of shipments compiled separately by Panjiva and ImportGenius , two trade databases . ImportGenius tallied 193 shipments for imported goods associated with Ms. Trump for the year through Dec. 5 , mostly    shoes and handbags . Her dresses and blouses are made in Ms. Trump , Indonesia and Vietnam , according to a review of hundreds of clothing tags and financial documents filed by   . It is the harsh reality of the clothing business . Before Ms. Trump started her shoe and clothing lines in the Ms. Trump 2010s , she did what any    New Yorker Ms. Trump , consulting corporate chieftains , fashion designers and department store executives . She ultimately decided to license her name Ms. Trump Since then , Ms. Ms. Trump , 35 , has pondered making some items   . Investors were consulted , and a business plan was drawn up   —    but the project was scrapped , said one person briefed on the discussions . It was costly and impractical , so suppliers continued to make her clothes overseas . " When I Ms. Trump my business , I recognized where my strengths were and knew that I did n’t have any experience in production and manufacturing , " Ms. Trump said in a rare interview Ms. Trump I am not a designer . I am an entrepreneur . " In retail , where margins are slim , overseas manufacturers are crucial to profits . Most of the clothing Americans buy at Walmart , Macy ’s and Target are made abroad , including 97 percent of apparel and 98 percent of shoes , according to the American Apparel and Footwear Association . It is part of a long history of American garment manufacturers chasing cheap labor . They moved to China in the 1980s , American garment manufacturers elsewhere in Asia . Now , Chinese shoemakers are building factories in Africa , where wages are about $ 40 a month , compared with $ 400 in China . Even then , an overseas strategy China not portend survival , as Mr. Trump ’s experience shows . At Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue , the Trump Store is downstairs from the lobby , sandwiched between a restaurant and an ice cream parlor . While a $ 65 white polo golf shirt from Lesotho in southern Africa was available , there was no sign of many of Mr. Trump ’s other items , like the Mr. Trump made in Vietnam on display upstairs . Last year , Macy ’s dropped Mr. Trump ’s clothing line over inflammatory comments he Mr. Trump immigrants . Now about the best place Mr. Trump find his ties , dress shirts and accessories is on Amazon . Mr. Trump   —    and even that stock is just a hodgepodge . The company that made    comforters and sheets , Downlite , said it had ended its relationship with him last year . His beds , designed it Dorya , Downlite n’t in stores Downlite either . They are made to order overseas , according to the company His beds, designed by Dorya Mr. Trump said in campaign interviews that he Dorya to make his apparel in the United States , Mr. Trump that it was hard Mr. Trump find companies that did . When George Stephanopoulos of ABC pressed him to explain , Mr. Trump said , " They do n’t George Stephanopoulos make the stuff Mr. Trump " That is not exactly true . B J Nickol , president of the All American Clothing Company , based in Arcanum , Ohio , said he employed 15 people , as well as subcontractors in about 20 states George Stephanopoulos cut , sew and ship shirts , jeans and sweaters . He estimated it cost All American $ 10 to $ 15 to manufacture George Stephanopoulos polo shirt , including fabric and labor . He sells them for about $ 28 to $ 38 , or about George Stephanopoulos of a polo shirt, including fabric and labor a polo shirt costs at Trump Tower . While the company mostly sells shirts to individuals , Mr. Nickol said he would welcome a    customer like Mr. Trump . Mr. Nickol said Mr. Nickol had witnessed the impact on his community when apparel Mr. Nickol away . Mr. Nickol And the only way we Mr. Nickol think of to fix that was to keep jobs here , " he said . While    clothing manufacturing is unlikely to return to the United Mr. Nickol , specialty items or    apparel has promise . Todd Shelton , a fashion designer who makes sleek separates and sells them online , sews his clothes at a factory in East Rutherford , N. J. But there are    namely price . A pair of women ’s jeans made by Todd Shelton costs $ 200 an Oxford shirt is $ 180 . And cost is only one factor . Fashion is another . Recently , Ms. Trump tried to make a    in the United States . She and one of her main partners , Marc Fisher , shopped a design Ms. Trump retailers , according Ms. Trump a person with knowledge of the venture . Buyers , though , did n’t like the design   —    and it never got made . With the Ivanka a design another variable now comes into a design : politics . Ms. Trump served as a more polished emissary of her father ’s messages during the campaign Ivanka Trump she is under pressure to bring jobs home Ivanka Trump And in a postelection era , her carefully Ivanka Trump public persona , which is at the heart of the brand , is at Ivanka Trump . Ms. Trump has found a way to commercialize female empowerment the Ivanka Trump brand petal pink sheaths and trendy Ivanka Trump young professionals on the go . Her brand ’s hashtag # womenwhowork often accompanies pitches to buy her satchels and clothes . " She Ivanka Trump the Ivanka Trump brand sure her reputation is unblemished , " said Ivanka Trump Cohen , a consumer behavior Ivanka Trump retail analyst at the Ivanka Trump Group , a research firm . Ms. Trump is already facing some blowback . She was criticized for meeting with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe Ivanka Trump while completing a licensing deal with a Ivanka Trump whose largest shareholder is wholly owned by the Japanese government . Consumers offended by her father ’s inflammatory comments about minorities continue to boycott her line . Ms. Trump acknowledged the potential appearance Ivanka Trump conflicts her father’s father prepared to move into the Ivanka Trump House . Ivanka Trump she would step down as the head of Ivanka Trump namesake brand her father’s to become an adviser to Ivanka Trump father Ivanka Trump the Trump administration . " I would Ivanka Trump separate the Ivanka Trump brand businesses , " said Ms. Ivanka Trump , who is also considering a leave of absence from the Ivanka Trump Organization , where she serves as an executive vice president for development and acquisitions . Representatives for Mr. Trump declined to comment . Ivanka Trump it will not drastically change her Mr. Trump strategy . She and her team do not plan to move manufacturing back just to quell critics . Ivanka Trump It ’s great to Ivanka Trump we Ivanka Trump to do all of this , but we want to make responsible business decisions , too , " said Abigail Klem , president of the She and her team Trump brand . " From a business perspective She and her team we have to have longevity . " 
 the Ivanka Trump brand She and her team 