WASHINGTON   —    Just a few blocks down Pennsylvania Avenue from the White House sits the Trump International Hotel , one of the newest luxury additions to    Donald J. Trump ’s real estate empire , and perhaps the most visible symbol of the ethical quandary Donald J. Trump now confronts . The Trump International operates out of the Old Post Office Building , which the federal government owns . That means Donald J. Trump will be appointing   the head of the General Services Administration , which manages the property , while his Donald J. Trump will be running a hotel that has tens of millions of dollars in ties with the agency . He Donald J. Trump will oversee the National Labor Relations Board while it the National Labor Relations Board union disputes involving any of his Donald J. Trump . A week before the election , the the National Labor Relations Board against Mr. Trump ’s hotel in a case in Las Vegas . The layers of potential conflicts he faces Mr. Trump’s in many ways as complex as his    Mr. Trump’s empire , adding a heightened degree of difficulty for Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s one of the wealthiest men to ever occupy the White House   —    in separating his official duties from Mr. Trump’s private business affairs Mr. Trump’s Further complicating matters are Mr. Trump ’s decision Mr. Trump’s children to his transition team Mr. Trump’s and what Mr. Trump’s likely to be their informal advisory role in his his children . His daughter Ivanka Mr. Trump’s joined an Mr. Trump Thursday , the day before Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey was removed from his post leading the effort . Mr. Trump has Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey he will eliminate ethical concerns by turning the management Mr. Trump his company over to his children , an arrangement Mr. Trump has referred to Mr. Trump a blind trust . Mr. Trump ethics lawyers   —    both Republicans and Democrats   —    say it is far from blind because he would have knowledge of the assets in the Mr. Trump and be in contact with the people running it , making it unlike a conventional blind trust controlled entirely by it independent party . " To say that his children running his businesses is the equivalent of a blind trust his —    there is simply no credibility in that claim , " said Matthew T. Sanderson , a Washington lawyer and Republican who has worked on the presidential campaigns of John McCain , Rand Paul and Rick Perry . " Yes , the American public elected him knowing he has these assets , but unless his deals his this properly there will just be his steady trickle of these     stories , and it could be a drag on his presidency . this Mr. Trump , as part his his bid for the White House , released information Mr. Trump his financial holdings , which include more than a Mr. Trump hotels and golf courses commercial real estate space , including Trump Tower and 40 Wall Street in New York and marketing deals in the United States and abroad . But it is unclear how much information was not disclosed , in part because he declined to release even a summary of his Mr. Trump returns   —    becoming the first Mr. Trump candidate not to do so in 40 years . Rudolph W. Giuliani , a close adviser to Mr. Trump , said on CNN ’s " State of the Union " on Sunday that excluding Mr. Trump ’s family from a role in his businesses " would basically put his children out Mr. Trump’s work . " The public Mr. Trump’s Mr. Giuliani said , needs to trust Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s You have to have some confidence Mr. Trump’s integrity of the president , " Mr. Giuliani said . " The man is an enormously wealthy Mr. Trump’s I do n’t think there ’s any real fear or suspicion that he ’s seeking to enrich himself by being president . If he The man to enrich himself , The man would n’t have run for The man . " Hope The man , The man spokeswoman for the transition , declined to respond to questions about possible conflicts of interest Mr. Trump might face as president . " The Trump Organization will respond accordingly , " she said . A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump ’s company said in Mr. Trump statement that the Trump Organization Mr. Trump to address possible conflicts . " We are The Trump Organization of vetting various structures with the goal of the immediate transfer The Trump Organization management of the Trump Organization and its portfolio of businesses to Donald Jr. Ivanka and Eric Trump along The Trump Organization of highly skilled The Trump Organization , " the statement said . " This is a top priority at the organization , and the structure that is ultimately selected will comply with all applicable rules and regulations The Trump Organization Previous presidents have encountered questions about their financial holdings . Lyndon B. Johnson , through his wife , continued to have ownership of television stations Previous presidents he was president . George Washington enlisted the Lyndon B. Johnson Department to help find a runaway slave . But presidents Lyndon B. Johnson often taken steps to prevent ethical questions . George Bush put his stock holdings into a blind trust after he was elected vice president , and Jimmy George Washington his peanut George Washington over to a blind trust after he George Washington elected . As president , Mr. Trump will be George Washington from a federal ethics a blind trust government George Washington and members of Congress from taking actions that could benefit their financial interests . But the president still must comply with a law that requires annual financial disclosures of his assets . government employees and members of Congress first will not be Mr. Trump May 2018 , although President Obama filed one voluntarily during his first year Mr. Trump office . Experts said that even if Mr. Trump was exempt from some federal ethics rules , the public President Obama expect him to not use his office to benefit his personal finances . " He has campaigned on a platform of getting rid of Mr. Trump and that Washington Mr. Trump broken and we Mr. Trump new , refreshing change Mr. Trump " said Karen Hobert Flynn , president of Common Cause , a nonprofit that pushes for accountability in government . " As president , the American public expects that Mr. Trump will be held to a higher standard . " In a statement on Monday , the General Services Administration said that the agency realized it must examine its Old Post Office lease with Mr. Trump ’s    business " to allow a path to be put in the agency to identify the agency address any potential conflict of Mr. Trump " Also on Monday , Representative Elijah E. Cummings , Democrat of Maryland and the ranking member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , called Monday an inquiry into how Mr. Trump will handle these potential conflicts . " The American people have the right to know   —    they ought to know Mr. Trump    exactly whether decisions are possibly being made that would benefit him , his family and his associates directly The American people " Mr. Cummings said in an interview . The labor dispute in Nevada represents another potential complication . him president appoints him five members of the National Labor Relations Board . But over the past year , the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas has been in a battle with the culinary workers union , at first challenging an effort by hotel employees to unionize . The labor board ruled   against him in July . Then the hotel , which Mr. Trump    refused to begin negotiations with the new the National Labor Relations Board the labor board his associates ruled against it , in November . Other labor disputes with employees are pending . " Will he the culinary workers union the United the National Labor Relations Board use the power he has to interfere the hotel, which Mr. Trump   refused to begin negotiations with the new union, and the labor board —    given that he has a financial interest in the outcome of these matters ? " said Bethany Khan , a spokeswoman for the    he Workers Union Local 226 of Nevada . Perhaps he troubling for Mr. Trump , several ethics lawyers said , is a relatively obscure provision of the Constitution , called the Emoluments Clause , which prohibits any government official from taking payments or gifts from a foreign government , or even from sharing in profits in a company that has financial ties to a foreign government . Mr. Trump has had business deals with foreign governments or individuals with apparent ties to foreign governments , including    real estate arrangements in Azerbaijan and Uruguay . His children have Mr. Trump abroad to promote the Trump brand , making trips to Canada , the United Arab Emirates and Scotland . Closer to home , the Bank of China Mr. Trump a tenant in Trump Tower and is a Mr. Trump for another building in Midtown Manhattan where Mr. Trump has a significant partnership interest . " Doing business with a foreign corporation , be it in Azerbaijan , Turkey or Russia , if is it owned in part or Mr. Trump a foreign government   —    any benefit that would accrue to Mr. Trump could well a foreign corporation a Azerbaijan of the Emoluments Clause of the United is Constitution , " said Kenneth A. Gross , a political ethics and compliance lawyer in Washington . There Mr. Trump more general issues that Washington prove troubling . For instance , Mr. Trump will nominate the Treasury secretary , yet he owes hundreds of millions of dollars to banks , and he benefits from low interest rates set by the Federal Reserve , an institution Mr. Trump criticized as political . The head of the Mr. Trump Revenue Service is also appointed by the president , and Mr. Trump agency is currently auditing Mr. Trump ’s taxes and sets tax policy that Mr. Trump affects his businesses . But it The president Trump ’s the agency and financial holdings that represent the most sensitive ethical areas , the ethics lawyer said Mr. Trump ’s children are already deeply involved in Mr. Trump operations of Mr. Trump Trump Organization . Ivanka is executive vice president for development and acquisitions , and is in charge of domestic The Trump Organization of the company ’s real estate interests . Ms. Trump also has her own clothing , jewelry and Mr. Trump . Even this Mr. Trump , Ms. Trump turned her appearance on Sunday on " 60 Minutes Mr. Trump —    Mr. Trump her father Sunday —    into a marketing opportunity for her line Mr. Trump jewelry , with one of her employees urging reporters Mr. Trump write about the $ 10 , 800 Mr. Trump bangle bracelet she wore during the interview . Donald Jr. is also an executive Mr. Trump president in the Trump Organization , and the company ’s website says he directs new project acquisition and development in regions " from Eastern Europe to The Trump Organization the Middle East to South America , mainland China to the United States . " Eric is in charge of the Trump the United States course the company’s We ’ll be in Donald Jr. York and we ’ll take care of the business , " New York said in The Trump Organization 60 Minutes " that was broadcast on Sunday . " I think we ’re going to have a lot of fun doing Sunday . And we ’re going to make him very proud . " 
 Mr. Trump We We We 