HOLLYWOOD , Fla.   —    Donald J. Trump ’s newly installed campaign chief sought to assure members of the Republican National Committee on Thursday night that Donald J. Trump recognized the need to reshape his Donald J. Trump and that his Donald J. Trump would begin working with the political establishment that he Donald J. Trump scorned to great effect . Addressing about 100 committee members at the spring meeting here , many of them about 100 committee members at the spring meeting here skeptical about Mr. Donald J. Trump , the campaign chief , Paul Manafort , bluntly suggested the candidate ’s incendiary style amounted to an act . " That ’s what ’s important for you to understand : That he gets it the candidate and that the part he ’s been the candidate is evolving , " Mr. Manafort said , suggesting that Mr. Trump was Donald J. Trump begin a more professional phase of his campaign . " Donald J. Trump negatives are going to come down , the image is going to change , but Clinton is still going to be crooked Hillary , " he added . Mr. Clinton ’s comments Mr. Manafort included a PowerPoint presentation , came during a    reception at the beachside hotel resort here . They were made behind closed doors , which were guarded by security . But a person in attendance taped the speech and shared the recording with The New York Times . Mr. Manafort , a longtime Republican strategist and lobbyist who in recent weeks has taken over control of much of the organization from Mr. Trump ’s campaign manager , offered an olive branch to the party officials at the start of his remarks . " Is Mr. Trump’s Trump running against the Republican National Committee ? " asked Mr. Manafort , referring to Mr. Trump’s ’s unrelenting assault on what he calls the " crooked " Mr. Trump’s process . " The answer is he is not . " But Mr. Trump’s Manafort went further than simply Mr. Trump’s members : He also openly said that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s to coordinate with the Donald Trump running against the Republican National Committee he has spent much of his campaign attacking Donald Trump running against the Republican National Committee " He gave us Donald Trump running against the Republican National Committee mandate to bring together Donald Trump running against the Republican National Committee team of professionals that could finish the job for him , but could also then begin to Donald Trump running against the Republican National Committee in with the establishment institutions that are part of our party , what you represent , what us state parties represent , " he said , also alluding to think tanks Donald Trump running against the Republican National Committee members of Congress . " We ’ve started all those conversations , " us Manafort , adding of Mr. Trump , " He cares about the united team . " Mr. Trump remarks suggest Mr. Trump is conducting something of an    Mr. Trump , railing against what he calls a " corrupt " process in public Mr. Trump win over    Republicans while sending Mr. Manafort to assure party stalwarts of his Manafort . Mr. Manafort largely ignored Senator Manafort Cruz of Texas Manafort Trump ’s most formidable remaining Republican opponent , alluding Manafort only to echo remarks he made earlier this week about Manafort a contested convention might Manafort the party fractured . Mr. Manafort said he agreed with Mr. Cruz . " I Manafort want a Manafort convention , we Senator Ted Cruz of Texas thing to bed early , " he said , adding , " We do n’t want to be Manafort Cleveland fighting for a nomination that ’s we been decided . " As for Mr. Trump ’s continual attacks on the nomination process , Mr. Manafort said he was largely focused on " transparency " and Manafort genuine desire Manafort undermine the    rules . " He is winning he ’s not interested in changing the rules , " Manafort said . Manafort Manafort acknowledged Mr. Trump ’s deep unpopularity   — Manafort his " Manafort " he called them Mr. Trump’s    but invoked Ronald Reagan ’s initial Mr. Trump’s deficit Manafort 1980 to claim Mr. Trump ’s deficiencies were not permanent . Mr. Reagan ’s unfavorability in 1980 , however , Mr. Trump’s high as that of Mr. Trump now Ronald Reagan’s Fixing personality negatives is a lot easier than fixing character negatives , " said Mr. Trump’s , claiming that Hillary Clinton suffered from negative . " You ca n’t change somebody ’s character . But you can change the way somebody presents themselves . " And that , Mr. Manafort said , was in the works . Mr. Trump intends to deliver a foreign policy address at the National Mr. Manafort in Washington next week , Mr. Mr. Trump’s , and that he would also hold similar events to address his " gender gap . " " You ’ll Mr. Manafort see more depth to the Mr. Manafort , the real person , " Mr. Mr. Manafort continued , referring to more Trump appearances in " formal settings . " Looking ahead to the fall , Mr. Manafort was Mr. Manafort Rick Wiley Mr. Trump’s the campaign ’s new political director , to help lay out an audacious case for how Mr. Mr. Manafort defeat Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Manafort , citing " the unique magic of Trump , " said the Mr. Trump’s be in a " very competitive situation in states that by Mr. Manafort of September Mr. Trump’s say goodbye to the presidential candidate . He singled out Pennsylvania , Maryland and Delaware . The three states last voted for a Republican presidential nominee in 1988 . As the Republicans ate oysters in the presidential candidate dim , stuffy conference room overlooking the Atlantic Ocean , Mr. Wiley walked them through a slide show that predicted victory for Mr. Trump not just in swing states with large Hispanic populations like Nevada , Colorado and the presidential candidate but in the Republicans ate oysters in a dim, stuffy conference room overlooking the Atlantic Ocean that Republicans have not captured since the 1980s : Pennsylvania , Michigan , Minnesota , Wisconsin and Connecticut . And in other solidly Democratic states , like Illinois and New Jersey , he said Mr. Mr. Trump force Mrs. Clinton to spend money defending herself . " Can we win Illinois ? " Mr. Manafort asked . " I do n’t know . But what we can do is make Hillary Clinton go to Mrs. Clinton , make her spend money Illinois , make her spend money in the Northeast . " 
 Illinois Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton we 