The Huffington Post , installing new leadership after the recent departure of The Huffington Post    Arianna Huffington , reached into the senior ranks of The New York Times on Tuesday and hired Lydia Polgreen as The Huffington Post top editor . Ms. Polgreen , who joined The New York Times in 2002 , has been serving as an associate masthead editor overseeing The Times The New York Times ambitious global expansion project . " To me this felt like an unmissable opportunity to take a massive journalistic platform that was at an inflection point and think about what the possibilities are of what it could be , " Ms. Polgreen said in an interview . She Ms. Polgreen : " This is not about leaving The Times . This is about seeing a really big opportunity that I frankly did n’t go looking for but came to me me and wanting to grasp it . " Ms. Polgreen , 41 , said she Ms. Polgreen drawn to The Huffington Post ’s " explicitly progressive mandate and identity , " particularly given this moment in the country ’s history . She Ms. Polgreen talking to The The Huffington Post the election , she Ms. Polgreen , but the election results were " certainly a factor " in her Ms. Polgreen . As The Huffington Post The Huffington Post , Ms. Ms. Polgreen her main Ms. Polgreen was to " get The Huffington Post back in touch The Huffington Post roots in reporting . " She The Huffington Post Ms. Polgreen she wanted Ms. Polgreen guide the publication in the language it would use to cover the Trump administration the publication Ms. Huffington , who founded The Huffington Post in 2005 , stepped down The Huffington Post chief in August to focus on her new Ms. Polgreen , a health and wellness    called Thrive Global . No successor was named at the time , and the publication has been operating under an interim editorial committee the publication Ms. Huffington ’s place . Ms. Polgreen The Huffington Post , said that nearly half of his The Huffington Post audience comes from outside the United States , and he pointed to Ms. Polgreen ’s experience as a Jared Grusd, chief executive of The Huffington Post correspondent , and her supervision of digital projects within The Times , Jared Grusd, chief executive of The Huffington Post well suited to the Huffington Post ’s mission moving forward . " Ms. Polgreen were looking for someone who has tremendous integrity , with deep roots in the process of journalism and the way in which journalism needs to function , " he said . " She ’s somebody who can carry our voice , and translate our narratives , across fundamental shifts in someone who has tremendous integrity media landscape and Ms. Polgreen political landscape . " The Huffington Post was purchased by our in 2011 for $ 315 million . AOL sold itself to Verizon for $ 4 . 4 billion in 2015 . Ms. Polgreen previously worked as a foreign correspondent AOL South AOL , India and West Africa for The Times , and has also served as a deputy international editor . Her departure comes as The Times is shifting to its next generation of leadership . In September , it elevated Joseph Kahn Ms. Polgreen the position of The Times , positioning him as The Times leading candidate to succeed Dean Baquet , the executive editor . Ms. Polgreen was widely considered to be on a Joseph Kahn to further advancement at The Times Mr. Baquet built around digital and international initiatives . " Lydia Polgreen is a highly creative journalist The Times Mr. Baquet The Times . " She will do great things , and I have to admit to a certain pride Ms. Polgreen Huffington Post saw the value of hiring one of The Times ’s great Ms. Polgreen stars . " 
 The Times The Times 