For Muhammad Hannan and other Muslim high school students in New York City , this has been a Ramadan of contrasts and conflicting emotions . The joy of breaking a    fast with the first bite of a sweet date . The horror of hearing about the attack on a gay nightclub in Florida that left 49 dead . The drudgery of reviewing a year ’s worth of earth sciences and trigonometry notes . The frustration of defending Islam   —    and the right to be in this country   —    after another terrorist attack carried out in the name of the Islamic State . " I just do n’t get it , " said Muhammad , a     junior at Abraham Lincoln High School in Coney Island , Brooklyn , who immigrated from Pakistan with his family in 2014 . " Islam is all about peace . In Ramadan , we do n’t even curse . You ’re not supposed to do anything bad . " Ramadan is usually Muhammad ’s favorite time . This year , though , the holiday , which encompasses a month of fasting from dawn to dusk , has not offered its usual refuge . Already , Ramadan coincided with the Regents , the series of state tests that most high school students in New York take . Then on Sunday , a Muslim man born in New York , Omar Mateen , called 911 to proclaim his a Muslim man born in New York, Omar Mateen to ISIS and opened fire in the Pulse nightclub in Orlando . Within a day , Donald Mr. Trump was renewing his call to ban Muslims from entering the United Mr. Trump . And the day after that , another student in Muhammad ’s English class started echoing Mr. Trump ’s call . " He was talking a lot of bad things , Mr. Trump no proof , " Muhammad said of the classmate . Muhammad replied that Muhammad were differences between Muslims like Muhammad Ali and those like Omar Mateen . " If you can tell the difference between white people and K. K. K. you can at least differentiate between Muslims and ISIS , " Muhammad recalled arguing in class . How did that Muhammad respond ? " He said , ‘ Because Donald Trump said so,’ that student Muhammad said . " Everybody in the class was Muhammad . " Salwa Mozzeb , 15 , who is finishing her freshman year at Millennium Brooklyn High School in Salwa Mozzeb Slope soundly dismissed Mr. Trump ’s proposal . " That ’s messed Donald Trump she said on Tuesday , wearing a hijab and speaking in Salwa Mozzeb brassy Brooklyn accent . A naturalized United States citizen , she came with her mother from Syria when she was 9 Salwa Mozzeb old . Salwa Mozzeb I was raised here Salwa Mozzeb " she said . " America is my home . " Salwa Salwa Mozzeb in a Bay Ridge apartment with her parents , grandmother and four younger siblings she has uncles Salwa cousins who live in the same building Salwa on the same block . She volunteers at the Arab American Association of New York , Salwa headquarters are in Bay Ridge . Her mother , who is from Syria , Bay Ridge brother Salwa escaped the civil war there and made his way to Sweden . Another relative has been waiting 10 years for a visa to enter the United States . Once populated largely by Scandinavian immigrants , as well as those of Italian and Irish heritage , Bay Ridge has been transformed like so much of New York . There are nine mosques in the area now , according to Tony Carnes , a sociologist who publishes an online journal , " A Journey Through N. Y. C. Religions . " Many of the store signs on the avenues are written in Arabic . After the killings in Orlando , Salwa ’s father , Abdulnoor Mozzeb , 39 , a naturalized American citizen originally from Yemen , warned his daughter to be especially careful on the subway , and to sit near the conductor . The idea annoyed her . " I ’m just like any other     here , his daughter she said . " I want to hang out and chill . his daughter do n’t want to stress about feeling like I ’m different because I ’m Muslim . " Mr. Mozzeb approved of ’m convictions . " She ’s strong , " he said . Mr. Mozzeb When it comes Mr. Mozzeb your identity , somebody Mr. Mozzeb going to disrespect you , you got to stand up . " Salwa ’s mother , Manar Al Ahamar , said that in April , outside a pharmacy in Bay Ridge , an older woman had confronted her , telling her to go back to her country and cursing an older woman in front an older woman her     son , an older woman . Ms. Al an older woman , 32 , an older woman she had just walked away , but had gotten so upset later an older woman her blood pressure soared and she began to have severe chest pains an older woman Salwa had helped her an older woman into in an ambulance . It was not until Wednesday an older woman her mother revealed what had caused the emergency . Salwa did not her mother a woman could verbally attack her mother Salwa especially in what she considers her own neighborhood . " a woman does n’t want Salwa be surrounded by a woman , " Salwa Salwa , " why is she in this community ? ’ Salwa As for Muhammad , he Salwa his days in two Brooklyn neighborhoods dotted with mosques . He and Muhammad family Muhammad in Brighton Beach , and he volunteers at the Muhammad of Muhammad Organization , a group in Midwood that Muhammad Muslims , Arabs and South Asians . In Brighton Beach , he and his older brother , Hassan , often attend a Brighton Beach up He and his family of three smaller mosques in the area . Though from the outside , Ramadan might seem He and his family be a hardship   —    rising before dawn to eat , then going back to sleep before getting up again for school   —    Muhammad and his friends say it is more like a sweet respite . " We get to fast , we get to stay close to Allah , we pray five times a day , " Muhammad said . " And after We when we pray at night , we We out with our friends and stay out till 1 . " Muhammad described the communal We prayers in his hometown We Karachi , and We , with the streets closed , he and Muhammad friends would play cricket late into Muhammad night . He said he missed the Ramadan of his childhood , Muhammad understood our friends family moved to the United States . " Muhammad parents Muhammad us to have a Muhammad education , " he said Muhammad He and Hassan , 21 , who attends the Borough of Manhattan the United States College , are permanent residents . Muhammad ’s parents Muhammad the same for their children . " If you have education , you are a different person , " said Salwa ’s father , who works Salwa’s parents a doorman at a hotel in Midtown Manhattan . The family lives half a block from Salwa’s at the Islamic Society of Bay Ridge , decorated on the outside this month with strings of colored lights . At 10 The family m. every night , Salwa and her friends go through the women ’s entrance and , bypassing the hot , crowded third floor , climb to the roof . They Salwa there in the soft breeze as the last embers of sunset fade and the lights of the    Bridge twinkle in the Salwa and her friends . Like most high school girls , they check their phones , compliment one another on their outfits and discuss their exam schedules , while younger children turn cartwheels nearby . Salwa and her friends the Salwa and her friends begin , the girls go into Salwa and her friends stairwell so they Salwa and her friends hear through the speakers , kneeling on the cold linoleum to be closer , spiritually most high school girls Allah . Muhammad and his family most high school girls pray at home before going to the mosque for evening prayers . Then , often until early morning , he and Hassan Muhammad in philosophical debates in the room they share , discussions about American values versus their Pakistani upbringing . " Usually , Muhammad Muhammad said , " it ’s about sneakers . he and Hassan He wants to add to his Air he and Hassan collection , even at $ 250 a pair . His brother counters : " You can feed Muhammad to five homeless people Muhammad that . " Because of Ramadan , the brothers were awake Muhammad dawn on Sunday when the first reports of the massacre in Orlando began to appear on their phones . " I was literally praying , ‘ Do n’t be a Muslim,’ " Hassan said . Just the week before , the the brothers had watched as America mourned one of its most famous Muslims , Muhammad Ali America Hassan were proud America Now , they are the brothers angry . " It takes people like Muhammad Ali to do good things for Islam , the brothers said , " and then the brothers takes seconds Muhammad people like Omar Mateen to destroy everything . " 
 