To prepare for Sunday night ’s town    debate , Hillary Clinton is not dwelling on    plans or attack lines . Instead , Hillary Clinton is holed up with aides to practice Hillary Clinton body language , facial expressions , vocal cadences and more conversational answers about college debt , the heroin epidemic and other topics that have come up at Hillary Clinton campaign events and that have allowed Hillary Clinton to show empathy and emotion along with policy knowledge . Donald J. Trump scoffs at all that . " I do n’t need to rehearse being human , " Donald J. Trump said in an interview last week . Donald J. Trump and Donald J. Trump advisers say that Sunday night ’s town    format , with town    open stage and questions from real voters , will showcase Donald J. Trump comfort on television and Donald J. Trump direct style , which He and his advisers see as appealing to voters who are turned off by what He and his advisers call Mrs. Clinton ’s canned warmth . " After decades in public life , Mrs. Clinton’s is still ‘ finding her Mrs. Clinton’s " said Kellyanne Conway , the campaign manager for Mr. Trump . " For her Mrs. Clinton’s have to come from behind the comfort of the podium is fraught with peril . " Both campaigns say the town    exchanges with voters will reveal   —    for better or for worse   —    " the real Clinton " and " the real Trump . " But it is Mr. Trump who faces graver political consequences if he Mr. Trump who faces graver political consequences if he does not show the best of himself not show the best of himself Mr. Trump who faces graver political consequences if he does not show the best of himself according to several of his Mr. Trump who faces graver political consequences if he does not show the best of himself and advisers . His Mr. Trump who faces graver political consequences if he does not show the best of himself in the first debate was widely criticized after he Mr. Trump who faces graver political consequences if he does not show the best of himself to struggle to stay focused and to keep to the debating points and tactics that his Mr. Trump who faces graver political consequences if he does not show the best of himself had given him Mr. Trump who faces graver political consequences if he does not show the best of himself They his advisers now preparing him Mr. Trump who faces graver political consequences if he does not show the best of himself , somewhat differently than before , but with the same uncertainty about whether he Mr. Trump who faces graver political consequences if he does not show the best of himself follow through . Some of his his advisers that Mr. Mr. Trump who faces graver political consequences if he does not show the best of himself fiery style could create uncomfortable moments with undecided voters in the debate hall at Washington University in St. Louis . The two candidates will take a mix of questions from voters and from the moderators , Martha Raddatz of ABC and Anderson Cooper of CNN . Mrs. Clinton ’s polished and disciplined performance in the first debate helped give her a boost Mrs. Clinton some national and battleground state polls . The trend has Trump advisers acknowledging privately that Sunday ’s debate is a    for their candidate . Trump advisers a strong performance will offer Mr. Trump hope Trump his slide and starting Trump    effort to persuade undecided voters that he is qualified to Trump president . " He understands this debate Trump very Sunday’s debate him , " said Trump W. Giuliani , the former mayor of New York , who is a senior adviser to Mr. Trump and is Trump him for Sunday . For Trump Clinton , the town    event provides her biggest venue yet to try Mrs. Clinton project a softer side and to improve her likability . A majority of Mrs. Clinton tell pollsters that they distrust and dislike Mrs. Clinton A majority of voters a reality that could hurt turnout and , if she prevails in November , hamper Mrs. Clinton presidency . For all the Mrs. Clinton for Mrs. Clinton ’s performance in the Mrs. Clinton , her surgical takedown of Mr. Trump did Mrs. Clinton to change voters’ perceptions of her . But , in contrast to Mrs. Clinton Trump , who prefers big rallies , Mrs. Clinton has interacted regularly with voters Mrs. Clinton campaign , and some of her most Mrs. Clinton moments have come in those Mrs. Clinton . At a town    event in Iowa , Mrs. Clinton became teary and embraced a     Mrs. Clinton said she had been bullied at school . And just Mrs. Clinton the New Hampshire primary , in response to a question from a rabbi , Mrs. Clinton delivered an extended     riff about her Mrs. Clinton journey . " She likes answering questions Mrs. Clinton individual citizens and she listens Mrs. Clinton relates to people , " said John Mrs. Clinton Podesta , the campaign chairman for Mrs. Clinton . " That ’s a format that Donald Mrs. Clinton n’t as used to . " But the audience of undecided voters who will ask half of the questions on Sunday will not be as friendly as the supporters who asked Mrs. Clinton questions at campaign stops . Her efforts to seem Mrs. Clinton personable may also collide with Mr. Mrs. Clinton ’s efforts to score points against her for her use Donald Trump email server as secretary of Mrs. Clinton her Mrs. Clinton during the attacks on the American consulate in Benghazi , Mrs. Clinton and her ties to wealthy donors to her family foundation . " It Mrs. Clinton if you ’ve been subjected Mrs. Clinton questions from normal people during the campaign , which of course Donald Trump has not , but it ’s not the same , " said Mickey Kantor , a longtime adviser It former President Bill Clinton . Mr. Kantor Mr. Kantor audience of potentially 80 million viewers made it almost impossible to prepare . " You ca n’t just take a question and run off to your talking points , " Mr. Kantor said . Advisers say Mr. Trump must alternate between personable and piercing during the    debate . They Donald Trump to show interest Mr. Kantor , and even some humility , in his exchanges Donald Trump the audience , while hammering Mrs. Clinton in Advisers way that is Donald Trump too   . " It ’s just harder to attack when nice , undecided voters are all around you , " Mr. Giuliani said . " It ’s easier to do when people are sitting in Donald Trump hall and you can barely see them . ’’ Mr. Trump logged some practice on It in New Hampshire by participating in a town    forum that even included a    clock   people    the same time limit he will face on Sunday . Mr. Trump denied that the event was a dry run for the debate , saying such a suggestion made him look Mr. Trump like a child . ’’ Mr. Trump was uneven , even facing an audience asking friendly questions . Some of his answers were pointed , Mr. Trump his criticism of the Iran nuclear deal Mr. Trump Others were perhaps reassuring , like his insistence that he would stop the flow Mr. Trump heroin into the state . Mr. Trump other times , Mr. Trump meandered , such as a long response about Mr. Trump that included Mr. Trump observation about those in Las Vegas . " Latinos , they like to be Mr. Trump that area , " he said . Robby Mook , the Clinton campaign manager , said Mrs. Clinton ’s aides anticipated a more Latinos and prepared Mr. Trump who would n’t " unravel Mr. Trump unwind the way he did an hour into the last debate . " Some of Mr. Trump ’s advisers , for their part , are setting a low bar for his performance Mr. Trump They say Mr. Trump needs to be articulate , play offense against Mrs. Clinton and not lose Some of Mr. Trump’s advisers cool as he did in their first matchup Mr. Trump Yet his Some of Mr. Trump’s advisers to Mr. Trump’s remains in doubt , given his tendency to hit back hard when challenged   Mr. Trump’s    sometimes Mr. Trump’s the Some of Mr. Trump’s advisers of sputtering , as he Mr. Trump’s when he came under attack at the first debate Mr. Trump’s his past insults of women . A smaller group of advisers is helping Mr. Trump prepare than were Mr. Trump’s before the Mr. Trump’s debate . The group includes Ms. Conway and Mr. Trump’s Chris Christie of New Jersey , as well as Stephen K. Bannon , the campaign ’s chief executive , and Mr. Trump ’s A smaller group of advisers Kushner . Mrs. Clinton is also practicing . At a " Family Town Hall " in Haverford , Pa. on Tuesday , she nearly leapt out Mr. Trump chair to respond to a     high school student who said she worried that Mr. Trump ’s comments about women hurt the body image of girls Mrs. Clinton age . Her formal Mrs. Clinton include drills and mock Mr. Bush coach Mrs. Clinton and Jennifer Palmieri , the campaign ’s communications director . The team joined Mrs. Clinton at her home in Washington Mrs. Clinton Wednesday , snacking on Mrs. Clinton as they Mrs. Clinton shape her answers . In some respects , Mrs. Clinton ’s advisers , many Mrs. Clinton whom also worked for Bill Clinton , invented the town    format . Mr. Klain was among the advisers who first suggested to Mrs. Clinton’s and Ross Perot that the candidates former President Bill Clinton Washington , and take part in a televised town The team forum with a live audience of undecided voters . Mr. Mrs. Clinton’s not yet known as the master of the format , and his opponents Mrs. Clinton’s . The official debates Mr. Bush a town    event ever since . That 1992 debate led to a moment that cemented Mr. Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s . When a woman asked the candidates how the national debt personally The two candidates , Mr. Bush delivered a dry response The two candidates interest rates . Mr. Clinton , using Mrs. Clinton’s he had rehearsed , stood Mrs. Clinton’s off his stool and took several Mrs. Clinton’s closer to the voter . " Tell me how it ’s affected you again , " Mr. Clinton said , looking Mrs. Clinton’s the voter ’s eyes . " You know people who have lost their jobs and lost their homes ? " Mr. Bush , before his response , had checked his watch as the voter was talking , a    movement that led Mr. Clinton ’s advisers to burst Mrs. Clinton’s backstage , recognizing the    moment . Trump advisers are well aware that even small gestures can lead to setbacks . They have reviewed video footage of Mr. Trump ’s expressions while Mrs. Clinton was their and say the Mr. Bush format will play a dry response about interest rates in at least Mr. Bush respect Donald Trump split the voter which captured Mr. Trump scowling and barking into his microphone during the first debate , may be used less if the candidates move around the stage to engage with voters . " The two candidates atmosphere can get him in trouble Trump advisers " Mr. Giuliani said about Mr. Trump . " He ’s a Mr. Trump learner , the town   format mean he the first debate tricks that you learn over Trump advisers in Donald Trump . " 
 Donald Trump Donald Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 