A tenuous peace in the upper echelons of the Republican Party showed signs of unraveling this weekend as a major donor compared Donald J. Trump to Hitler and Mussolini , Mr. Trump and Mitt Romney reignited Mr. Trump and Mitt Romney feud , and one of Donald J. Trump aides took a shot at an important campaign ally . Meg Whitman , the chief executive of Hewlett Packard Enterprise and a major contributor to Republican candidates , railed against Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump at a    meeting of Republicans in Park City , Utah , comparing him to the Donald J. Trump leaders , according to several people in attendance who declined to be identified because the discussion was private . The comments , first reported by The Washington Post , came at Mr. Romney ’s annual retreat of Republican donors , leaders and business executives . Mr. Trump ’s candidacy , and the divisions it is causing among leading Republicans , was an undercurrent of the gathering . Mr. Romney has Mr. Romney’s in his refusal to support Mr. Romney’s Trump , the party ’s presumptive presidential nominee , even as other party figures have grudgingly fallen into line . No one has personified the party ’s divisions the party’s Ryan , the House Mr. Ryan intensified this weekend Mr. Romney’s At the Utah retreat on Friday , Campbell Brown , a former CNN anchor , pressed Mr. Ryan on his decision to support Mr. Trump , according to an attendee , Mr. Ryan she did not know how to explain it to her children . an attendee , on Saturday , Dan Scavino Jr. a an attendee adviser and the social media director for the Trump campaign , criticized Mr. Ryan on Twitter , linking to an article on a conservative website that accused him of harming his party , complete with the headline " Paul Mr. Ryan on Twitter Is the Mr. Ryan on Twitter the G. O. P. Is Losing America Mr. Ryan on Twitter The discord appeared to bring a quick end to a period of relative peace in the party that began Tuesday when Mr. Trump issued a statement in which he backed away , slightly , from remarks accusing a federal judge of Mr. Trump biased against him because of the judge ’s Mexican heritage . Mr. Trump did not Mr. Trump but said his remarks had been " misconstrued Mr. Trump Later that night , after the remarks accusing a federal judge of being biased against him because of the judge’s Mexican heritage of the presidential race , he gave a restrained speech in which he refrained from offending anyone . The Mr. Trump approach did not last long . Mr. Trump the end of the week , he had resumed referring to Senator Elizabeth Warren , the Massachusetts Democrat who has Mr. Trump Mr. Trump a " racist bully , " as " Pocahontas " because of her claims during her Senate bid that she had Native American heritage , which has "Pocahontas" been proved "Pocahontas" " Somebody said "Pocahontas" me , one of the media , ‘ Mr. Trump , would you apologize ? Somebody " Mr. Trump said at a rally on Saturday in Tampa , Fla. " I said Mr. Trump Yes , I ’ll apologize   —    to Pocahontas , I will apologize!’ Because Pocahontas is insulted . " Mr. Trump also attacked Mr. Romney , calling him " a Pocahontas " and saying he Mr. Trump n’t work like he should have worked Mr. Romney when he was the nominee in Mr. Romney . Once Mr. Romney lost Mr. Romney Mr. Trump added , he Mr. Romney have gone " off into the sunset Mr. Romney " You Mr. Trump sit there jealous Mr. Trump sick to your stomach , " he said . A day earlier , Mr. Romney , in an interview with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer Mr. Trump said he feared that Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Romney lead to "   racism " that would " change the character Mr. Romney Mr. Trump Americans that are following . " Reince Priebus , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , gently chided Mr. Romney on Twitter on Friday , writing Mr. Priebus . " Adding Mr. Romney Supreme Court was " too important to lose for generations , " Mr. Priebus ended his post , " Let ’s stop this and unify . " Mr. Trump and the party have gotten a late start on    for the general election and need as many of Mr. Priebus party ’s reliable donors as they can attract . At Mr. Mr. Priebus Saturday , Mr. Priebus was more pointed , telling donors opposed to Mr. Trump that the party would " win the party without you , " Mr. Priebus to an attendee present for his remarks . A representative for Ms. Whitman did not respond Saturday to a request for an interview about her comments the party Whitman , according to one of the people present , did not stop at Mr. Priebus Mr. Trump to Hitler and Mussolini . She also warned the gathering Saturday if Republicans compromised on their principles to A representative for Ms. Whitman an important Ms. Whitman they would be entering fraught territory . " What happens next time ? " she asked , implying that it could lead Ms. Whitman more compromises and more candidates like Mr. Trump . Republicans Whitman , who ran for governor of Republicans in 2010 and was a finance    for Mr. Romney in 2012 , Ms. Whitman part of a group of major donors who tried to stop Mr. Trump during the primaries through paid advertising . She has been explicit about her disdain for him . " Look at the comments he ’s made about women , about Muslims , about reporters , " she told CNBC Mr. Trump . " It ’s just repugnant . " Ms. Whitman, who ran for governor of California in 2010 and was a finance   for Mr. Romney in 2012 group at the retreat Ms. Whitman, who ran for governor of California in 2010 and was a finance   for Mr. Romney in 2012 a mix Mr. Trump the Republican Party , divided between Mr. Trump who have said they can not support Mr. Trump , like Mr. Ms. Whitman, who ran for governor of California in 2010 and was a finance   for Mr. Romney in 2012 , and those who have tepidly endorsed him , like Mr. Ryan , who was Mr. Romney ’s running mate in 2012 . In an emailed statement , Mr. Trump dismissed The group at the retreat Whitman ’s comments . " I never met Meg Whitman , but the job she is Mr. Romney at Hewlett Packard is not a very good one , " Mr. Trump said . " Based on the disastrous Mr. Trump ran in California , and the tens of millions of dollars she wasted , I have learned Meg Whitman lot from her . I do not want her support . " Mr. Mr. Trump campaign did not respond to questions about its social Meg Whitman director ’s gibe at Mr. Ryan , which at a minimum Meg Whitman a lack of message discipline inside the campaign Meg Whitman Whether it would endanger Mr. Meg Whitman ’s support of Mr. Trump not clear the speaker ’s office did not respond Mr. Trump’s campaign requests for comment Saturday . He was forced to respond Friday when pressed by Ms. Brown , who now runs Mr. Trump’s campaign website and is Mr. Trump’s campaign to Dan Senor , who was Mr. Trump to Mr. Ryan and to one of Mr. Trump ’s primary race rivals , Senator Marco Rubio of Mr. Ryan . Turning to Mr. Ryan during a panel Ms. Brown Ryan , was she supposed to tell her child ? The attendee present Mr. Ryan exchange said Mr. Ryan appeared slightly uncomfortable but handled Mr. Ryan question well . He said Mr. Ryan had explained that while he understood the Mr. Trump Mr. Ryan , he believed that his decision to support Mr. Ryan would be better for the Republican Party in the Ms. Brown term . Mr. Trump , he said Mr. Ryan won with large margins in some of Ms. Brown House members’ Mr. Ryan , Mr. Ryan Ms. Brown liked and supported Ms. Brown Mr. Ryan . Indeed , Mr. Trump ran Mr. Ryan with the Mr. Ryan nomination with the same flamethrowing approach he is using today . " It ’s like what they said about his temper , " said Brett Mohnkern , 29 , of Oil City , Pa. who went to Mr. Trump ’s rally on Saturday in Pittsburgh Mr. Trump Tone down Mr. Trump what ? " Still , the attendee who saw the Mr. Trump with Mr. Ryan on Friday said the party ’s debate over whether to support Mr. Mr. Trump like a family ’s struggle with a divorce . Mr. Ryan , Mr. Trump one of his appearances at the retreat Friday tried to infuse what Mr. Trump humor he could into the situation . He joked that he had Mr. Ryan David Copperfield that he Mr. Trump make Mr. Ryan disappear from 2016 . 
 the retreat Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan the Republican Party 