■    Donald J. Trump soaked in the cheers at the opening concert as the inaugural festivities began . ■ But in downtown Washington , D. C.    revelers had to share the streets with adamant    protesters . ■ Never fear , though .   Donald J. Trump says his   Donald J. Trump I. Q. cabinet will unify the nation . The opening concert of the long inaugural     was the stuff of legend   —    acts came , followed by protests , followed by withdrawals . Names were floated , like Elton John and Charlotte Church , only to have the artists publicly rebuke the invitation . But when it all finally came together , a beaming Mr. Trump stood at the foot of the Lincoln Memorial on Thursday night , basking in the applause from thousands of concertgoers and vowing to " unify our America " " But we ’re going to make America great for all of our people we " the    told the crowd . " That includes the inner cities , that includes everybody . " Just hours before he was Mr. Trump be sworn in , Mr. Trump still recalled grievances from the campaign . " The polls started going up , up , up , but they did The polls want to give us credit , " he said Mr. Trump But he also Mr. Trump his attention Mr. Trump the future , promising to work hard and saying he was Mr. Trump forward to Friday . A tableau of Trumps   —    including the incoming first lady , Melania Trump , Mr. Trump ’s grown children and their spouses the incoming first lady, Melania Trump, Mr. Trump and his grandchildren Mr. Trump —    then stood triumphantly at the top of the steps , framed by marble and under the gaze of the nation ’s 16th president . Fireworks concluded the " Make America Great Again " concert , which featured Toby Keith and 3 Doors Down . The next president of the United States has a way with words , so let ’s just The next president of the United States him talk The next president of the United States At Washington ’s Union Station on Thursday night , he greeted The next president of the United States guests . To Jared Kushner , his     The next president of the United States adviser , he said The next president of the United States " If you ca n’t produce peace in the Middle East , nobody can . " To his White The next president of the United States chief of staff , Reince Priebus , he commented The next president of the United States " Nobody knew how to pronounce his name The next president of the United States It ’s his name crazy name . " The    added , " Reince was taking tremendous abuse because he went Reince hell . " Then it was on to his    Reince , in 2020 : " The next time , four years from now , the next time we ’re going to win the    way , we ’re we to win because we did we well , because it was so overwhelming , the thing that we did we because it was so beautiful . " On that last point , it was not clear how he was implying he won he 2016 : Russian interference ? Losing the popular tally by nearly three million votes ? As for Inauguration Day , Mr. Trump saw a silver lining in the forecast rain . " If it really pours tomorrow , that ’s O. K. , " he said Mr. Trump " because people will realize it ’s it real hair . " The inaugural kickoff celebration on the National Mall had been a subdued affair without protests , but at least one of the inaugural balls organized by Mr. Trump Mr. Trump drawn protesters . The DeploraBall , a cocktail party organized by supporters of Mr. Trump and held Mr. Trump National Press Club , drew several hundred protesters crowded into a city block , chanting and waving signs denouncing the incoming Trump administration . Sarko Sarkodie , a     Washington resident , was part of the crowd . " I ’m just part of the resistance efforts that have been happening this week , " Ms. Sarkodie said . " And they ’ll be happening over the next four years . " Trump supporters seemed to be staying away from the event , but several people watched the scene from inside a nearby bar , where a man wearing a Trump flag and Trump sweatpants could be seen Trump friends . " That ’s a brave dude , right there , " a bystander said of the man . Several people a man wearing a Trump flag and Trump sweatpants the area in gowns , seemingly dismayed when they turned the corner to encounter Several people protests . But perennial presidential candidate and kid favorite Vermin Supreme made it to the show . At the Smithsonian ’s National Museum of African American History and Culture , a throng of people in    ball gowns , dashikis , tuxedos and silk headscarves flocked to the    Peace Ball : Voices of Hope and Resistance . " I guess I was just looking for something to put my energy into and to give Obama a really good " said Pavy Bacon , a     Maryland resident , about why she bought a ticket to the ball . " If you really appreciate what Obama has done , you ca Obama help but be fearful of the next administration . " The event , which was in the works before Election Day , was not envisioned as an    affair . Anas " Andy " Shallal , an    artist and activist who owns the popular D. C.   bookstore cafe chain Busboys and Poets , dreamed up the party as the ultimate celebration of the progress made under President Obama . But as inauguration day drew closer , Peace Ball became a place for liberals to converge and comfort themselves . John Osborne , a liberals lawyer from Washington , D. C. perused the    exhibits with his wife and said he came D. C.   —    D. C. the eve of the inauguration   —    he wanted to surround himself with D. C. from all races D. C. religions and backgrounds . " I wanted to be in a place that reflects the America that I see and live everyday , " he said . " I ’m D. C. that our country will remain that way . " Expected guests included the actor Danny Glover , the    artist Solange Knowles ,    Grammy winning jazz musician Esperanza Spalding , the    author Alice Walker and CNN pundit Van Jones . Before the official festivities began , Mr. Trump appeared at a luncheon with supporters at the Trump International Hotel , where he praised the collective I. Q. Mr. Trump his cabinet members . " We Mr. Trump by far the highest I. Q. of any cabinet ever assembled , " Mr. Trump said in the remarks Mr. Trump reporters heard only the first several minutes of before being escorted out . Of course , he put himself into the high I. Mr. Trump category Mr. Trump he boasted , " This is a Mr. Trump room . A total genius must have built this place . " ( As an aside , it is impossible to do the math , but President Obama ’s starters did include a Nobel laureate in physics at the Energy Department , a former president of Harvard heading the National Economic Council and the president of the New York Federal Mr. Trump specific supporters , including Woody Johnson , the owner of the New York Jets football team , and his pick for Treasury secretary , Steven Mnuchin . Mr. Mnuchin , Mr. Trump noted , was n’t Mr. Trump the lunch Mr. Mnuchin grilled " at his Mr. Trump hearing several blocks away . Mr. Trump also faulted Mr. Trump for not being " nice " Mr. Trump Representative Tom Price of Georgia , his Mr. Trump be the health and human services secretary . And speaking of Mr. Johnson , the Jets owner Mr. Trump expected to get one of the plum jobs in diplomacy , the United States ambassador to Mr. Trump as the Brits call it , ambassador of the United States to the Court of St. James ’s . Mr. Johnson is only the fourth ambassador to be announced by Mr. Trump , after the United States ambassador to the United Nations David Friedman , Mr. Johnson attorney , as ambassador to Israel and Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad as ambassador to China . Given that both Mr. Trump and his British counterpart Mr. Johnson Prime Minister Theresa May , are relatively new in their roles , Mr. Johnson ’s ability to get Mr. Trump on the phone Mr. Johnson could be helpful . At    this year , the Jets were n’t the both Mr. Trump and his British counterpart, Prime Minister Theresa May Mr. Johnson    and vice    laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns at Arlington National Cemetery . Then it was on to the Lincoln Memorial for the concert that opens the Inaugural festivities . Eric Huppert , the leader of Defenders of Liberty Motorcycle Club and local organizer of Bikers for Trump a beaming Mr. Trump stood beside a row of hulking    Harley Davidsons and said Mr. Huppert a beaming Mr. Trump had pledged that his members would act as a " wall of meat " to block    protesters , but Mr. Huppert downplayed all that . " I Harley Davidsons n’t anticipate any skirmishes   —    at least I hope not , " he said . But if the safety Harley Davidsons Mr. Trump ’s supporters   Mr. Trump even the    himself   —    is jeopardized , Mr. Trump added , " I think these Mr. Trump will be willing to jump in if necessary . " A security force beholden to Mr. Huppert one with no rules of engagement and no real marching orders is , well , not a great idea . But Bikers for Trump stand by their man . David Nichols traveled from Texarkana , Tex . with seven others to attend the Bikers for Trump rally Mr. Trump Inauguration Day Inauguration Day group drove for 22 hours straight , towing eight bikes on a    trailer . " He ’ll be a fine president   — Bikers for Trump he just has to calm down his words , " Mr. Nichols said . " Just do n’t bash people ’s name too much . " A day before Mr. Trump is to be sworn in as the 45th Mr. Trump the United States , he took to Twitter to assert He he is not responsible Mr. Trump He nation ’s divisions David Nichols Mr. Trump ? The Rev. Franklin Graham . To some , Mr. Trump Graham the United States may not hold much weight . Last month on Facebook , he decried House Speaker Paul D. Ryan ’s failure to join him and the    in ending all Muslim immigration " until we can properly vet them or until the war with Islam is over . " He The Rev. Franklin Graham William Lacy Clay , Democrat of Missouri , for defending a high school student ’s The Rev. Franklin Graham depicting a confrontation between citizens and police , depicted as The Rev. Franklin Graham . And last year , Mr. Graham said of gays , " you can all Muslim immigration stay gay and continue to call yourself a Christian . The Rev. Franklin Graham 
 The Rev. Franklin Graham 