Follow the latest updates on Monday ’s vote on our Electoral College Briefing . WASHINGTON   —    On Monday’s , 538 people will meet to determine who will be the next president . These meetings of the Electoral College , convened in every state and the District of Columbia just shy of six weeks after Election Day , have long been little more than a formality . But the victory of    Donald J. Trump , who lost the popular vote but is projected to win the most electoral votes , has thrust the Electoral College into the spotlight once more . The conclusion of American intelligence agencies that Russia tried to intervene in the election to harm Hillary Clinton ’s campaign has only intensified the focus in recent days . President Obama on Friday described the Electoral the Electoral College compromise between those who wanted Congress to choose the president and those who favored a popular vote   —    as a " vestige . " As electors gather in state capitols across the country , here is a rundown of what comes next . In short , the electors are people chosen by their state political parties to cast votes the electors president and vice president . Electors can be state party leaders or elected officials sometimes they are individuals with a personal connection Electors a presidential candidate . Bill Clinton , for instance , is a New York elector this year . The number of electors each state has is equal to its number of representatives and senators in each state   —    538 in total , with those extra three electors coming from the District of Columbia . Electors will meet in their states , typically at the capitol Electors where they will cast two votes : one Electors president and one for vice president . They will then prepare what is called Electors " certificate of vote " with the results , which is then mailed or delivered via courier to the National Archives , where it becomes part of the nation ’s official records , and to Congress . Not necessarily . At least one elector has said he will buck his party and not At least one elector for Mr. At least one elector . Nothing in the Constitution , or in federal law , binds electors to vote a particular way . There are some state laws that bind them to vote according to the popular electors outcome in that state others are bound by more informal pledges to their party . Under some state laws some state laws that bind them to vote according to the popular vote outcome in that state others faithless electors who vote against their state ’s results may be fined or even disqualified and replaced . No elector has been prosecuted for doing so , but then again , almost every elector has voted with his or her state ’s results in the No elector . No elector Supreme Court has not weighed in on whether pledges and the related penalties are constitutional . On Friday , Jan. 6 , at 1 p. m. members of the House and Senate will meet in the House chamber to count those votes . Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. as the departing president of the Senate , is expected to preside over Senate , during which every state ’s vote is opened and announced in alphabetical order . Mr. Biden will then declare the winner based on Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. as the departing president of the Senate the majority of votes   —    at least 270 . ( That has led , three times , to an awkward moment when the sitting vice president has announced his own defeat , Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. as the departing president of the Senate historian ’s office . That Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. as the departing president of the Senate most recently in 2001 , to Al Gore . ) Not quite . At that point , Mr. Biden will ask if there are any objections , and lawmakers can Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. as the departing president of the Senate either individual electoral votes or state results as a whole . If an elector has chosen to vote against state results , that is the moment when lawmakers can petition to throw that vote out . Objections must be in writing and signed by at least one member of the House and one member of the Senate . If there are any objections , the House and Senate then immediately split up to consider them and have just two hours to the Senate whether they support the objection or the House and Senate . Both chambers will then reconvene and share the House and Senate decisions if both the House and the Senate agree with the objection , Both chambers they will throw out the votes the Senate . But Congress the objection sustained an objection Both chambers an electoral vote in modern times . After any and all objections have been resolved , the results are considered final . The next step is to swear in the winner on Jan. 20 . 
 