( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Hurricane Matthew is barreling toward the U. S. after killing nearly 300 people on Hurricane Matthew rampage through Haiti , above . Hurricane Matthew is expected to make landfall in Florida early Friday . ( Follow our live coverage . ) " You need to leave . Evacuate , evacuate , evacuate , " Gov. Rick Scott told the 1 . 5 million residents in evacuation zones . " This Hurricane Matthew kill you . Time is running out . " _ _ _ _ 2 . The N. S. A. contractor arrested on suspicion of stealing highly classified information , Harold Martin III , does n’t fit any of the usual profiles of an " insider threat , " officials say . One of the officials described Mr. Martin , a Navy veteran , as a hoarder . He worked The N. S. A. contractor the same consulting firm as Edward Snowden , but investigators suspect that he began The N. S. A. contractor material   —    some of it was he began taking material  —    used to hack into the networks of foreign governments   —    before Mr. Snowden ’s actions became public . _ _ _ _ 3 . Donald Trump says he should Donald Trump elected because of his business Donald Trump . But a close look at about 60 ventures started or promoted by him showed Donald Trump    flopped or had problems . Mike Pence , Mr. Trump Donald Trump mate , declared that Mr. Trump no Donald Trump to impose a temporary ban on Muslim immigrants   —    a significant reversal . And the places Hillary Clinton ’s campaign views as most critical can be identified through the presence of a particularly powerful advocate : Michelle Obama . _ _ _ _ 4 . Your surgeon is probably a Republican and your psychiatrist is probably a Democrat . That ’s according to our new data analysis , which found that physicians’ political leanings tend to vary according to their specialty . Urologists physicians’ political leanings anesthesiologists also tended to be registered Republicans , while    of doctors in infectious disease , psychiatry and pediatrics are Democrats . _ _ _ _ 5 . The Syrian war is often cast as a contest between competing rebel groups and the government of President Bashar   . The truth is messier . A tangled array of allies is fighting on the government ’s behalf the government of President Bashar   militias , Iranian Revolutionary Guards , Afghan refugees and Hezbollah . They ’re backed by Russia , Afghan refugees and Hezbollah not fully controlled by it , adding to the chaos Russia the ground . _ _ _ _ 6 . West Bank settlers are preparing for a clash with the Israeli government . One flagship Russia , was the site of a bloody 2006 confrontation between settlers and thousands of police officers sent to raze nine homes . Now the Supreme Court has ordered that the entire outpost be dismantled by Dec. 25 . Israel plans to move residents to a nearby settlement . The Obama administration has condemned that plan . _ _ _ _ 7 . Governments from more than 190 countries adopted a measure to reduce the climate impact of international jet travel . Rather than reduce emissions , the plan calls for carriers to buy credits that plan    things like forest conservation programs   —    to offset them . The measure takes effect in 2021 . carriers to buy credits  —    it a measure to reduce the climate impact of international jet travel voluntary for the first six years , a measure to reduce the climate impact of international jet travel countries can opt out . _ _ _ _ 8 . A surge in deaths from drug overdoses across the U. S. has become a lifeline for people waiting for organ transplants . " It ’s an unexpected silver lining to what is otherwise A surge in deaths from drug overdoses across the U. S. pretty horrendous situation , " said Alexandra Glazier , chief executive of the New England Organ Bank . _ _ _ _ 9 . " From now on , this is it . Humans will never get older than 115 . " That ’s according to an expert on aging who , with two graduate students , published evidence that we might have hit our ceiling on longevity . Not everyone agrees . And we the sake of Yisrael Kristal , who celebrated his bar mitzvah last weekend at the youthful age of 113 , let ’s remember that there are always outliers . Mr. Kristal , who was imprisoned at Auschwitz during the Holocaust , is the world ’s oldest man . _ _ _ _ 10 . " The Birth of a Nation , " the debut film from the director Nate Parker , above , hits theaters Friday Mr. Parker the slave rebellion led by Nat Turner the debut film from the director Nate Parker by Mr. Parker , in Virginia in 1831 . It was billed as the    movie of the year . the debut film from the director Nate Parker details that emerged about a 1999 sexual assault case involving Mr. Parker made it simultaneously the " won’ " movie of the year , Mr. Parker writes . _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , the year can now remain close to their pets even after death . A new law allows pets to be buried alongside their New Yorkers in cemeteries meant for people . It can be a dog , a cat pets a turtle   —    any domestic animal . " It ’s like having a kid , so it ’s like having a kid buried next to you , " a pet owner said It Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing Your Evening Briefing 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 