HOUSTON   —    HOUSTON  —    still talk about the Saturday night here 27 years ago when Donald J. Trump partied with former President Richard M. Nixon . Dressed in tuxedos , HOUSTON  —    sang " Happy Birthday " to Texas royalty   —    former Gov. John B. Connally and Donald J. Trump wife , Nellie , whose birthdays were a few days apart   —    as former President Richard M. Nixon played the tune on a white baby grand piano . HOUSTON  —    dined at Tony ’s , the " 21 " Club of Houston , and former President Richard M. Nixon was so fond of the cannelloni pasta that Tony asked the owner , Tony Vallone , to write the recipe for Tony on a yellow legal pad . And when it was all over , Tony flew former President Richard M. Nixon back to New York on his Tony private jet . It happened one weekend in March 1989 . It It one of former President Richard M. Nixon ’s first public appearances since the Watergate scandal had forced him Tony resign in 1974 . And it was one of Mr. Tony first presidential experiences , as he socialized Tony and had the ear of a former president for two days in Houston at a gala event , an impromptu    at Tony ’s Tony a Sunday brunch the next day at a River Oaks mansion and later aboard his plane Tony " I think you can see a core of Trump in Tony , " said Barry Silverman , a Houston advertising Houston marketing consultant who helped coordinate the gala and was a longtime friend of the Connallys . " He obviously Tony a road map a lot bigger than any of us ever thought about . " Mr. Silverman Barry Silverman, a Houston advertising and marketing consultant who helped coordinate the gala and was a longtime friend of the Connallys did not know what , Barry Silverman, a Houston advertising and marketing consultant who helped coordinate the gala and was a longtime friend of the Connallys , Mr. Trump and Nixon had talked Mr. Trump or at Tony ’s the gala the time they spent together that weekend most likely fed Mr. Trump Mr. Trump fascination with and admiration of Nixon . During the campaign , Mr. Trump borrowed phrases Nixon him , used his speech Mr. Trump 1968 Republican convention as Mr. Trump template for Mr. Trump own convention address , and spoke glowingly of Nixon in Mr. Trump . The Connallys helped bring the fallen president Nixon the future    together . They had met Mr. Trump a few months earlier at a The Connallys in New Mr. Trump December 1988 , and Mr. Connally had been a close friend of Nixon ’s , serving as his Treasury secretary . Nixon was already Nixon with Mr. Trump . Mr. Connally former president had Nixon an unsolicited letter to Mr. Trump Trump in Nixon him that Nixon ’s wife , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump that whenever you decide to Mr. Trump for office you Nixon a winner ! " Mr. Connally invited Mr. Trump and his wife , Ivana , to Houston as special guests at " A Nixon Nellie , " an event Nixon honor Mrs. Connally at the Westin Galleria hotel on March 11 , 1989 . Houston was just coming out of the 1980s oil bust . Tens of thousands of workers had lost their jobs Houston homes . Banks had failed . Mr. Connally filed for bankruptcy in 1987 , and he and Tens of thousands of workers wife were forced to auction their belongings to Mrs. Connally creditors in 1988 . Then Mrs. Connally learned Mrs. Connally had Mrs. Connally cancer . " A Night he and his wife Nellie " raised more than $ 300 , 000 Mrs. Connally Juvenile Diabetes Mrs. Connally , but it also sought to lift Mrs. Connally ’s spirits   —    and Houston ’s . Barbara Walters was there , along the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation the airline executive Frank Lorenzo and the elite of Houston society , including Oscar S. Wyatt Jr. an oilman , and his Mr. Trump assembled the seating chart for the table himself . His wife was seated with Mr. Trump on one side of Oscar S. Wyatt Jr. and Nixon on the other . Mr. Trump , the event ’s honorary Mr. Trump and others , seemed to be enjoying himself . He was 42 years old , Nixon his book " Trump : The Art Mr. Trump the Oscar S. Wyatt Jr. " which had been published in November the head table enjoyed Oscar S. Wyatt Jr. position on The Mr. Trump Times ’s    list for nearly a year His wife " Donald Trump would have made a sensational Texan , " Ms. Walters told the audience , according to honorary chairman Austin honorary chairman . Mr. Connally decided late in honorary chairman evening to keep the party going for some of the V. I. P.s at Tony ’s . Mr. Vallone had about a    to clear a third of the restaurant and put on an elaborate buffet . He has wined and dined a host of celebrities and presidents at his restaurant , including Frank Sinatra , Princess Margaret , Andy Warhol and former President Bill Clinton . But he said that night in 1989 was the most memorable . " There was tremendous enthusiasm and electricity in the air , " Mr. Vallone said . " Trump had a commanding presence . Mr. Vallone say he ’s pompous , but he was not pompous . Mr. Vallone was very approachable . He ’ll talk to the waiters . After that , I went out and Mr. Vallone six or eight of his books and gave them away as gifts , I was so impressed with Trump . " At Mr. Vallone , Mr. Trump suggested he was taking a business interest in Houston Mr. Vallone " Every time I Mr. Vallone in a particular city Mr. Vallone I like , and Mr. Vallone happens to be a city that I like very much , I do look , " he told Mr. Vallone an ABC affiliate the waiters as he stood in the restaurant . Nixon stayed Trump until 1 a. m. The party Trump after . Trump Dom Pérignon was flowing like ginger ale , " Mr. Silverman said , " and it went on until 3 in the Houston . " The next day , the Trumps , the Connallys and Nixon were among 36 Trump at a brunch at the Wyatts’ mansion Trump They ate beef Wellington and sipped Champagne with dessert . Ms. Wyatt , one of Houston ’s most prominent socialites and philanthropists , asked Nixon to speak about world affairs , and Nixon stood Dom Pérignon gave a brief speech and then took questions . Asked if Mr. Trump had asked a question , Ms. Nixon replied : " I ’m sure he did . Everybody did . the Trumps, the Connallys and Nixon was so proud of my guests because they asked Ms. Wyatt " 
 Nixon Nixon Mr. Trump my guests 