WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump ’s transition team asked the State Department this week to submit details of programs and jobs aimed at promoting gender equality , rattling the State Department employees concerned that the incoming administration will roll back a cornerstone project of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . The    memo , a copy of which was provided to The New York Times on Thursday , directed employees to outline " existing programs and activities to promote gender equality , such as ending    violence , promoting women ’s participation in economic and political spheres , entrepreneurship , etc . " It The   memo, a copy of which was provided to The New York Times on Thursday requested a list of positions " whose primary functions are to promote such issues "   —    though not the names of people in those positions   —    as well as how much funding was directed to    programs in 2016 . The United States Agency for International Development also received the request , according to a senior official there . The wording of the memo is neutral and does not hint at any policy change . Nevertheless , some State Department employees took note of the reference to "   staffing , " which they some State Department employees could also refer to programs focused on lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender issues , though the the memo not refer specifically to them . some State Department employees memo the memo of one the transition team sent recently to the Energy Department , which asked for the names of people who had worked on climate change or attended global climate talks organized by the United Nations within the past five years . That more detailed questionnaire , on the heels of Mr. Trump ’s appointment of a climate change denialist to head the Environmental Protection Agency , sowed fears that the Trump administration would Mr. Trump anyone involved in trying to curb the effects of climate change . The latest request drew expressions of concern from advocacy groups and some on Capitol Hill . " The transition team should clarify their intent , The transition team said Senator Jeanne Shaheen , Democrat of New Hampshire , in a statement . " I can promise that if the next administration the Trump administration back programs designed to lift women up , it will very quickly meet the Trump administration opposition in the Senate . " The transition team declined a The transition team on the memo . A person answering the phone in the State Department transition office directed inquiries to the public affairs office , which declined to confirm the memo ’s existence or to discuss the memo sought . After a slow start , the transition team is accelerating its work The transition team State Department , sending The transition team requesting information from the rank and file on issues such as the department ’s antiterrorism initiative , Countering Violent Extremism . the State Department has made the fight against the Islamic State central to his foreign policy and has railed against what he said was Mr. Trump Obama ’s refusal to use the term Mr. Trump radical Islamic terrorism . " The transition team ’s questions have led some in the department to assume that , at a minimum , the program will be renamed Countering Islamic Extremism . Transition officials are said to be concerned about how many senior jobs in the department will be vacated by departing political appointees . They the department there would be anyone to show the secretary of Transition officials Rex W. Tillerson , around his office . On Wednesday , the State Department press secretary , John Kirby , told reporters that in general terms , the information being sought by Mr. Trump ’s team was not out of the ordinary . " Having gone through a transition myself a few years ago , without getting into detail , I can tell you that the kinds of things , the kinds of material , the kind of information that they are asking for is very much in keeping with what I ’ve seen in at least the one previous presidential transition that I lived through when I was at the Pentagon , " Mr. Kirby said . Secretary of State John Kerry has spoken to Mr. Tillerson , the chief executive of Exxon Mobil , in what Mr. Tillerson the secretary had Mr. Kirby to congratulate him . " On Mr. Trump ’s national security team . Mr. Kerry has tended to champion efforts to counter climate change while at the John Kerry , but Mrs. Clinton made    issues a leitmotif of her tenure . In her first year , she created the position of ambassador at large for global women ’s issues , appointing Melanne Verveer , who had been her chief of staff when she was first lady . Mr. Mrs. Clinton kept the post Mrs. Clinton which is currently Mrs. Clinton by Catherine M. Russell , a former chief of staff to Jill Biden , the wife of Vice President Joseph Mrs. Clinton Biden Jr. Some at Mrs. Clinton department now worry it will be eliminated . Several of Mrs. Clinton ’s showcase projects , like clean stoves for the developing world , had a strong gender component . In travels to El Salvador , India and Pakistan , she gathered female the department to discuss their challenges . She Mrs. Clinton a link between the treatment of women and the nation ’s security . " If you look at where we are fighting terrorism , " she said in an Mrs. Clinton in 2009 , " there female entrepreneurs a connection Mrs. Clinton groups that are making a stand against modernity , and that is most evident in their treatment of women . " Mrs. Clinton also gave equal benefits Mrs. Clinton protections to    partners of American diplomats . In an internal memo , she wrote , " Like all families , our Foreign Service families come in different configurations all are part of the Mrs. Clinton of our post communities abroad . " Although Mr. Trump has a record of derogatory comments about women , Mrs. Clinton is not clear why he would want to roll back the department ’s work in this area . News of the memo came the same day he appointed Kellyanne Conway , who managed his campaign , as counselor to the president , making her the    Mr. Trump in the White House . One of the people on Mr. Trump ’s State Department transition team , Erin Walsh , Mr. Trump a former Goldman Sachs executive in Mr. Trump who has worked to advance gender issues . At a conference in 2013 , she promoted the " 10 , 000 Women Initiative , " a    program sponsored by Goldman to provide women with a business and management education . A senior State Department official said it was possible that the memo was simple   her But in the current political environment , and given the language Mr. Trump used in the campaign , he said , people were reading the most malign implications State Department . " I ca n’t believe any of this has been shared with the    because Exxon under Tillerson has been extremely supportive of women ’s issues , " Ms. Verveer A senior State Department official . " It ’s just really hard to fathom . " Moreover , Mr. Tillerson was on the Boy Scouts of America ’s executive board when the group voted in 2013 to lift the ban on gay scouts . 
 Tillerson 