MIAMI   —    Dalia Carmeli , who drives a trolley in downtown Miami , voted for Donald J. Trump on Election Day . A week later , Donald J. Trump on Election Day stopped in to see the enrollment counselor who will help Donald J. Trump on Election Day sign up for another year of health insurance under the Affordable Care Act . " I hope it still stays the same , " said Ms. Carmeli , 64 , who has Crohn ’s disease and relies on Donald J. Trump on Election Day insurance to cover frequent doctor ’s appointments and an array of medications . Mr. Trump and Republicans in Congress are vowing to repeal much or all of the health law , a target of Mr. Trump and Republicans in Congress party ’s contempt since the day their party’s passed with only Democratic votes in 2010 . If Mr. Trump and Republicans in Congress succeed , Mr. Trump and Republicans in Congress will set in motion an extraordinary dismantling of a major social program in the United States . But for now , with open enrollment for 2017 underway , people are steadily signing up or renewing people coverage , and in conversations last week in South Florida , many refused to believe that a benefit people count on would actually be taken away . South Florida helped hand Mr. Trump the presidency when Mr. Trump the presidency narrowly won South Florida , but it South Florida also provided more customers for the federal health insurance marketplace than any other state . This makes Florida South Florida window to the complex and delicate task Mr. Trump and congressional Republicans face in deciding whether to scrap the entire law , which has brought coverage to more than 20 million people , and what to replace it with . Even though Gov. Rick Scott fiercely opposes the law , more than 1 . 5 million Floridians were enrolled in marketplace plans as of March , the last time the Obama administration released data . And some of the problems that have plagued the marketplaces in other states have been less of an issue here : The premium increases and overall prices have been lower than average , and at least in urban areas , a number of insurers are still participating . Jay Wolfson , a professor of public health and medicine at the University of South Florida , said that while many Floridians would be happy to see the law disappear , and the state ’s Republican leaders have never shied away from attacking it the law failing to come up with a substantive replacement could be politically risky . " The question I think we all have is , how do they many Floridians would be happy to see the law disappear, and the state’s Republican leaders have never shied away from attacking it, failing to come up with a substantive replacement could be politically risky out of it ? " he said . " How do they many Floridians would be happy to see the law disappear, and the state’s Republican leaders have never shied away from attacking it, failing to come up with a substantive replacement could be politically risky it it dumping millions of people off the edge of a cliff ? " Despite the law ’s problems , including sharp premium increases for next year , millions of people , including many in states that Mr. Trump won , have come to depend on it the law Texas , North Carolina and Georgia , like Florida , have large numbers of people insured through HealthCare . gov . And 16 states that now have Republican governors or    expanded Medicaid under the law , including Indiana under Mike Pence , now the vice   . The Obama administration said last week that over the first 12 days of open enrollment , plan selections in the states that use the federal marketplace were up by about 5 percent compared with the same period last year . Some of the states that run their own marketplaces have reported brisker business : In Colorado ,    are running 30 percent higher than they    at this point in the last open enrollment period , according to Kevin Patterson , the chief executive of the state ’s marketplace . If the pace continues , hundreds of thousands more people could be added to the insurance rolls , even as Republicans discuss alternative legislation that could drop millions . " Even with the whole situation , it ’s been a great start , " said Odalys Arevalo , an owner of Sunshine Life and Health Advisors , an insurance agency that she said has enrolled tens of thousands of Floridians , mostly    Hispanics , in health law plans over the past three years . She she , however , that people were confused and were asking many questions about the future of the health law Nonprofit groups with federal grants to enroll the uninsured are conducting an ever more strategic search for them   Nonprofit groups with federal grants to enroll the uninsured working , for example , with the consulates of Mexico , Colombia , Brazil and Uruguay in Miami to identify " lawfully present " immigrants who might want coverage ( they qualify for Nonprofit groups with federal grants to enroll the uninsured under the law , even without citizenship ) and with a small American Indian tribe in the Panhandle . " We ’re in the here and now , and nothing has changed at the moment , " said Karen Egozi , the chief executive of the Epilepsy Foundation of Florida , repeating a new mantra among the group ’s 90 enrollment counselors . As of Tuesday , they had signed the group 277 people for insurance since Nov. 1 , when enrollment began , she said , Karen Egozi, the chief executive of the Epilepsy Foundation of Florida with 193 over the same period last year . In South Florida , a teeming mix of retirees who may not have reached Medicare age , hotel and restaurant workers and recently arrived immigrants working for small , homegrown businesses has helped ensure robust enrollment in the subsidized plans offered through the marketplace . While the Republican leaders of the state have South Florida expand Medicaid , individuals with annual incomes of about $ 12 , 000 to $ 47 , 500 qualify for subsidies that pay some or most of the cost .    percent of plan holders in Florida this year receive premium subsidies   —    a higher percentage than in any other state   —    and 71 percent also have reduced deductibles , a benefit available to people at or below 250 percent of the poverty level . Some of them , like Ms. people , voted for Mr. Trump . She pays $ 45 Ms. Carmeli her monthly premium , Ms. Carmeli a subsidy of about $ 600 covering the rest . She is looking at Ms. Carmeli new premium of $ 171 if she keeps her current Ms. Carmeli , Ms. Carmeli she believes that she Ms. Carmeli find a Ms. Carmeli affordable option . " Trump is going to Mr. Trump it for a while Mr. Trump at least the part where if you have a disease you can still get coverage , " she said , adding Ms. Carmeli she would turn 65 Ms. Carmeli summer and get Medicare , so she would stay covered Ms. Carmeli . More vulnerable are people like Gerardo Murillo Lovo , 44 , a construction worker who never had health insurance before signing up for a marketplace plan in 2014 . He pays $ 15 a month and gets a subsidy of $ 590 for a plan that covers his wife , as He . When he renewed his coverage He week He the Epilepsy Foundation , he learned that the He would not increase next year . " I ’ve heard that what he wanted to do He is get rid of Obamacare , " Mr. Murillo , a Nicaraguan immigrant who is a citizen but did not vote , said of Mr. Trump . " But my personal opinion is that he will discuss it Mr. Trump other people who will convince him that we ca Mr. Trump get rid of this . I think it ’s going to it maintained one way or another , and I ’m going to keep it as long as it can . " Mr. Trump has suggested Mr. Trump like to keep Mr. Trump parts of the law that guarantee access to insurance for people with    conditions and that allow children to stay on their parents’ policies until they children 26 . Congressional children have floated other ideas , like providing tax credits to people who buy their own health insurance , Congressional Republicans have not yet unified around a replacement plan . The challenge they face , health care economists say , is keeping prices down without requiring everyone to have coverage , the way the Affordable Care Act does . Even the possibility of repeal is causing extreme anxiety among some people with health problems . Mary Benner , 57 , who lives near Tampa and voted for Hillary Clinton , will undergo a test next week to determine whether a spot on her lung , discovered on Hillary Clinton routine    is cancer . " This has been a nightmare a spot on her lung, discovered on a routine   is cancer me , " she said of having a Hillary Clinton scare just as Mr. Trump won the presidency and renewed his promise to repeal the Mr. Trump . " What I ’m really hoping is that they wo n’t be able to come to an agreement and ca n’t get anything passed , so everything just stays the same . " Others , particularly those with higher incomes , are    grudgingly , soured by the increasingly expensive cost of marketplace plans . Bob Verrastro , a corporate tax consultant who voted for Mr. Trump , said that Mr. Trump and his wife get a Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump their monthly premium to $ 274 he and his wife their deductible and other     costs he and his wife unaffordable , and he is eager to see the Mr. Trump repealed . " I think it was rammed down our throats the law " Mr. Verrastro , 64 , of Boynton Beach , said of the law . " I ’m the law of it because I ’d be silly not to . But it needs to be changed . " it Perez Cuevas last week visited a kiosk run by Sunshine Sunshine Life and Health Advisors the Mall of the Americas in Miami , ready to renew his marketplace Miami . First , though , he asked his Luis Perez Cuevas , Dennis Garcia , whether it would Luis Perez Cuevas foolish Luis Perez Cuevas do so . " I actually believe Trump ’s rhetoric , " said Mr. Perez , Mr. Trump an Uber driver and maintenance worker at Mr. Perez this year , but next year the price this year to his marketplace plan a month , with a $ 484 subsidy , in part because his daughter came Mr. Perez Cuba and joined his household as a dependent . Because his income is low , the government also covers his deductible . After Mr. Perez left Mr. Perez Mr. Garcia , the insurance agent Mr. Perez allowed that he hoped Mr. Trump Mr. Perez , in fact , Cuba law . Mr. Perez not fair that Mr. Perez get help with their the law he said , while marketplace customers with Mr. Perez higher incomes , like himself , do not . " Maybe Mr. Trump can make it better by making it more equal , people said Mr. Perez 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Perez it 