( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . The extent of the devastation Hurricane Matthew inflicted on Haiti is becoming clearer . The death toll is now believed to be over 800 and some villages are under several feet of water . The storm continues to move up the East Coast , weakening slightly to a Category 3 . President Obama warned against complacency . " I just want to emphasize to everybody that this is still a really dangerous hurricane , " President Obama said . _ _ _ _ 2 . Donald Trump is facing sharp criticism over a recently surfaced tape of Donald Trump talking lewdly about trying to have sex with a married woman shortly after Donald Trump own third wedding . Donald Trump ’ll likely have to field questions about it when Donald Trump meets Hillary Clinton on Sunday for their second debate ( 9 p. m. Eastern ) . But this time , the questions will be from undecided voters instead of a moderator . Gary Johnson , the Libertarian candidate , did n’t make the polling cutoff for their second debate (9 p. m. Eastern . We Gary Johnson, the Libertarian candidate Donald Trump on the campaign trail , where Donald Trump browses Yelp to figure out where to eat . _ _ _ _ 3 . The U. S. has formally accused Russia of stealing and disclosing emails from the Democratic National Committee in an effort to interfere with the election . " We believe , based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts , that only Russia    officials could have authorized these activities , " said a statement from the Department of Homeland Security . _ _ _ _ 4 . The latest jobs report supports what both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump have been saying about the economy . Yes , the economy the economy steadily and creating    jobs , as Mrs. Clinton says . But manufacturing jobs have fallen and millions of Americans remain economically sidelined , as Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Employers added 156 , 000 jobs last month , average hourly earnings moved slightly higher and 500 , 000 people entered the labor force in September . _ _ _ _ 5 . The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to Juan Manuel Santos , above , the president of Colombia , for pursuing a deal to end the country ’s     war with the leftist rebel group known as the FARC . But the timing of the announcement is bittersweet : Five days ago , Colombians rejected the peace deal in a deal to end the country’s    war with the leftist rebel group known as the FARC result . The prize could revive The Nobel Peace Prize the agreement , but Colombians remain deeply polarized . _ _ Colombians _ 6 . Iraqi and American troops are preparing to retake the city of Mosul from the Islamic State . But concerns are rising over how well the city can be secured afterward . the city of Mosul Islamic State out of Mosul would be the Islamic State for the group , but not a final one : Raqqa , in Syria , is the group ’s de facto capital . _ _ _ _ 7 . It was a humid evening on a Bronx playground when a gunshot rang out . A mother leapt to protect her children , and a bullet pierced her heart . A mother killer has not been found . A mother story of A mother White is the latest chapter in our examination of every murder this year in one of New York City ’s deadliest police precincts . _ _ _ _ 8 . In cinemas this weekend :   " The Girl on the Train , " " Voyage of Time : The Imax Experience , " the controversial " Birth of a Nation , " and " The Greasy Strangler . " Some notes : Our critic described " The Girl on the Train , " above , as a preposterous movie the Train an unenjoyable one . And we ’ve termed " The Greasy Strangler " maybe the weirdest movie ever . The choice is yours . _ _ _ _ 9 . Adele . Malala Adele , the Pakistani activist . The television producer Shonda Rhimes . Senator Elizabeth Warren . These are among the women featured in new work from Annie Leibovitz , above , the celebrity photographer . She is expanding on the 1999 project " Women , " Senator Elizabeth Warren book collaboration with her partner , Susan Sontag , who died in 2004 . Senator Elizabeth Warren time , Ms. Leibovitz says , it was easier to find women in Senator Elizabeth Warren . And she has a powerful advocate for women as a mentor on the Senator Elizabeth Warren : Gloria Steinem . _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , six scientists took a    road trip in Alaska for the sake of finding Bombus polaris , an Arctic bumblebee . The goal was to learn how the bees are faring in a place where climate change is occurring rapidly . The group spent its days battling mosquitoes , but prevailed . And six scientists end , six scientists found 40 of the big , fuzzy ,    creatures . Almost six scientists , the hunters said ( until one got stung ) . " They ’re six scientists of the insect world , " one of the scientists six scientists . _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Your Evening Briefing posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 