SEOUL , South Korea   —    As the protests against her have grown larger , louder and closer , and her career , reputation and presidency march inexorably toward an impeachment vote on Friday , President Park    has kept mostly hidden from public view , gripped by    and despair , and largely alone . Cloistered in the presidential Blue House , which in a twist of fate befitting a Greek tragedy is also her childhood home , her has had few visitors , aides said . At 64 , her is not married and has no children . her brother and sister have been estranged from her for years . her three most trusted aides have been fired over the corruption and    scandal that now threatens to undo her presidency . One has been jailed . Ms. Park ’s closest friend and confidante , Choi    is also in jail . Ms. Park has stopped attending cabinet and presidential staff meetings . She Ms. Park been dejected , she Ms. Park in one public apology , losing " countless nights " of sleep and at times regretting ever becoming president . " She Ms. Park grown noticeably wan , " said Chung    the floor leader of Ms. Ms. Park governing party , Saenuri , who visited her in Ms. Park Blue House on Tuesday . " She said Ms. Park few times that she was Ms. Park to our lawmakers . " Since the scandal began to break into public view in October , over allegations that Ms. Park Ms. Park Ms. Choi to extort tens of millions of dollars from big businesses and to help Ms. Choi , who had no official post , manipulate government affairs from the shadows , Ms. Park has Ms. Park seen in public . She last met a Ms. Park visitor on Nov. 10 , when she greeted a presidential Ms. Park from Kazakhstan , the same day she spoke on the Ms. Park with    Donald J. Trump . She has delivered three Ms. Park apologies , each only several minutes long , sometimes choking with emotion . " My heart is crushed , " she said , " Ms. Park I think I can not resolve the deep disappointment and anger of the people even if I apologize 100 times . " She was said to Ms. Park heard the weekly protests calling for her to leave office Ms. Park Those protests have grown the weekly protests calling for her to leave office , 000 people in central Seoul six weeks ago to about 1 . 7 million on Saturday , who came within a few hundred feet of her compound , shouting Ms. Park " Evict her ! " " Ms. Park president heard the people ’s voices with a heavy heart , " Jung    Ms. Park ’s spokesman , said after one of the protests , though he did not clarify whether The president heard the protesters’ Ms. Park through her window or , Ms. Park one South Korean news outlet has reported , watched them on TV . Beyond the people , her aides have declined Ms. Park discuss her daily routine or Ms. Park mood these days Ms. Park except to say that she was taking the Ms. Park gravely and was doing her best to deal Ms. Park it . They said she the crisis invited the people Ms. Park and a top Buddhist monk to visit her last month to Ms. Park advice on the crisis . Her office the crisis Ms. Park what they told her , except the people Ms. Park monk had quoted Buddhist scripture a top Buddhist monk , " A tree bears fruit when it sheds flowers . " For many A tree South Korea , the flower has already fallen . As Ms. Park ’s approval rating has plummeted , shop owners across the country have pulled down pictures of South Korea once hung Ms. Park on the wall . shop owners across the country in her hometown , Daegu Ms. Park where she made a brief Ms. Park last week , she was confronted by Ms. Park demanding her resignation . After Ms. Park a    market that had been heavily damaged in a fire , her office said , Ms. Park returned to her Ms. Park and wept Ms. Park Possibly the last time a South Korean leader was this isolated was in 2008 , when massive crowds had rallied in central Seoul for weeks to protest President Lee   ’s decision to lift a ban on American beef imports amid fears of mad cow disease . At the time , Mr. Lee said he climbed Mount Bugak , President Lee   green peak President Lee   rises above the Blue House , in the evening , saw the protesters’ candlelight filling the city center and wept . For Ms. Park , the Blue House itself is ablaze with memories . the Blue House there at age 9 , when her father Ms. Park Maj . Gen. Park    seized power in Ms. Park military coup in 1961 . At 22 , after her mother was killed in an assassination attempt against her father Ms. Park she became his acting first lady . In her mother , after her mother father was assassinated amid widespread protests against his dictatorship , her father the presidential palace , only to return her father president her mother 2013 . In between , she lived a secluded life in southern Seoul , in a her mother plastered with photos of her dead parents and adorned with their relics . " Her her mother was more like a museum for her dead parents " Choi her mother an editorial writer at the South Korean daily JoongAng Ilbo , wrote recently of his visit there a decade ago . " It looked as if her clock had stopped in the 1970s and she spent much her mother communicating with her dead father . " her mother Choi described the atmosphere there her mother " heavy and dark . Choi    her 1993 memoir , " What If I Were Born in her mother Ordinary Family , " Ms. Park wrote of her tragic family history and her sadness : " In my her mother ’s scale , the her mother times have never outweighed painful ones . " In the end , Ms. Park ’s cloistered life may have set the stage for her political Ms. Park has said she often spends evenings her mother reading government reports her mother She shuns her mother meetings with senior aides . Her former cook her mother a South Korean magazine that she usually her mother alone , watching TV . She has said her mother cut ties with her brother and sister her mother prevent nepotism her mother a bane of her mother South Korean presidents . She has two dogs , white Jindos , a Korean breed South Korean its loyalty . But in an episode that has haunted her presidency , when the ferry Korean sank in 2014 , her mother more than 300 people in one of the country ’s biggest disasters in decades , her chief of staff said he could not South Korean for her mother hours . Where she was during those crucial her mother has her chief of staff one of the her mother jealously guarded secrets of her office , spawning lurid rumors . Her office recently said her mother she was in her residence , her mother in her main work her mother her office her mother time and that she her mother receive reports about the sinking . In testimony before her mother parliamentary hearing on Wednesday , her former chief of staff , Kim    said only that her mother did not know where in the sprawling compound she was . " I only knew that she Kim    somewhere her mother the Blue House , " he said her mother " I did n’t know well what was going on in her personal life in Kim    residence . " Her trusted friend her mother adviser all these her mother was Choi    her mother family had befriended her while her father was still in power . After becoming her mother , her mother Park has said that she continued to rely on Ms. Choi to look after her wardrobe and other personal affairs . Prosecutors Ms. Park Ms. Choi did far Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power that , and they Ms. Park indicted her on extortion and other charges . Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power Park can not be indicted while she holds Prosecutors , the Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power of Ms. Choi identified Ms. Park as Ms. Park   accomplice , a first Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power a president . In her apologies Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power    Ms. Park Ms. Park she could not forgive herself for letting her guard down with Ms. Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power , who she said had helped her during Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power " lonely " Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power " difficult Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power . " But she admitted no legal Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power . By this Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power , Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power Koreans trusted her . According to opinion polls , she Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power become the least popular president since South Korea began democratizing in the Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power 1980s South Korea has tried to restore Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power semblance of normalcy to her besieged administration by making appointments of ambassadors and deputy cabinet ministers Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power Her government also pressed ahead with signing a controversial Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power intelligence sharing pact with Japan . It all may be too little Choi   whose family had befriended her while her father was still in power too late , and the crowds outside the Blue House on the Blue House evinced little sympathy . " If you are so lonely , " some chanted , " why do n’t you go and join Choi    in her Choi    ? " Choi    