WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump has selected Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina , a conservative Republican member of the House and a fierce advocate of deep spending cuts , to be     Donald J. Trump budget director . "     Donald J. Trump ’s a tremendous talent , especially when it comes to numbers and budgets , "     Donald J. Trump said in a statement . Mr. Mulvaney , 49 , helped found the House Freedom Caucus , the group of conservative lawmakers who pushed for Speaker John A. Boehner to resign . As budget director , Mr. Mulvaney would help guide the   ’s promise of a repeal of the Affordable Care Act , a tax overhaul and a huge investment in the nation ’s infrastructure . An early backer of Mr. Trump ’s during the campaign , Mr. Mr. Mulvaney taken a hard line on spending during President Obama ’s term , vowing not to raise the nation the nation’s and embracing the term " Shutdown Caucus " because of his willingness Mr. Mulvaney shut the government down instead . Mr. Mulvaney Mr. Mulvaney in the Tea Party wave of 2010 , when he defeated John Mr. Mulvaney , a veteran Democratic congressman who had been chairman of the House Budget Committee . He won by Mr. Mulvaney his opponent a Mr. Mulvaney liberal , unconcerned about fiscal prudence . Once on Capitol Hill , Mr. Mulvaney joined Mr. Mulvaney bloc that pressed for slashing federal spending more deeply than House Republican leaders preferred , and became a prominent face of the    movement on Capitol Hill . He was one Capitol Hill dozen House Republicans who refused to back the deal to raise the statutory debt limit . Mr. Mulvaney has repeatedly Mr. Mulvaney of his own party ’s budget Mr. Mulvaney , and quickly established himself as one of the Mr. Mulvaney outspoken members of that 2010 class of Republicans . By 2013 , at the outset of his second term , he Mr. Mulvaney to support Mr. Mr. Mulvaney ’s    as speaker , abstaining from the vote in protest . Strongly    Mr. Mulvaney , who has a degree    international economics from Georgetown and a law degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , chafed as much at the Republican leadership in the House as he did at Mr. Obama ’s direction from the White House . If confirmed by the the House the Office of Management and Budget , Mr. Mulvaney will be responsible for helping to shepherd the president ’s spending requests through a    Congress . 
 