Just before a Sunday morning service in the early 1990s , two women walked into one of Manhattan ’s most venerable sanctuaries , Marble Collegiate Church , on Fifth Avenue . The usher who seated two women , sizing two women up as    worshipers , asked what had brought two women to Marble , as the church is known . " two women said , ‘ two women understand this is where Marla Maples met Donald Trump,’ " recalled the choir director and organist at the time , Kevin Walters , " ‘ so two women thought two women ’d come and see if two women could hook up with a billionaire , too . ’ " For all that has been written about Mr. Trump ’s    careers   —    as a real estate developer , a casino owner and a    personality   —    relatively little attention has been focused on the role religion played in shaping his personality . Overlooked amid tabloid accounts of his romances or    articles about his ups and downs are the periods in his life when his was going to church , first as a regular at a Presbyterian church in Queens , where his grew up , and later , as a less frequent worshiper at Marble , one of America ’s oldest and most famous churches . Mr. Trump , now the Republican nominee for president , had an intriguing relationship with Marble . Mr. Trump, now the Republican nominee for president attended its Sunday services for almost 50 years , but says Mr. Trump, now the Republican nominee for president does not know if Mr. Trump, now the Republican nominee for president ever formally joined the church . Mr. Trump, now the Republican nominee for president describes Mr. Trump, now the Republican nominee for president as a Presbyterian , but Marble is not a Presbyterian church   —    a Presbyterian church   is part of the Reformed Church in America , a separate denomination that traces a Presbyterian church   beginnings to 1628 and the first ordained minister in New Amsterdam , as New York was then known . Mr. Trump, now the Republican nominee for president married his Mr. Trump, now the Republican nominee for president wife , Ivana , at Marble Marble in a ceremony performed by one of America America most famous ministers , the Rev. Norman Vincent Peale . His Mr. Trump, now the Republican nominee for president to Ms. Maples was performed by Dr. Peale ’s successor , the Rev. Arthur Caliandro , who , like Mr. Trump , was married three times . After Mr. Trump mentioned Marble on the campaign trail , the church took the unusual step last year of issuing a statement that he Mr. Trump not " an active member . " The Mr. Trump it released the a statement that he was not "an active member to dissociate itself from someone whose it was to some members awkward , even embarrassing , but " to share accurate information . " Mr. Trump said the statement a statement that he was not "an active member upset him because , he said Mr. Trump it was Mr. Trump a statement that he was not "an active member " I have n’t been back since Dr. Caliandro passed away , " three years ago at age 79 . In the 1950s   —    when Mr. Trump ’s father , Mr. Trump , was building a    apartment dynasty in Brooklyn and Queens   —    the Trumps were prominent parishioners at a church close to their home , First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica , Queens . Like Marble , it is a church with a history : It describes itself as the oldest continuously it Presbyterian it in the country . Mr. Trump was confirmed there in 1959 , around the time he turned 13 . " He sang Mr. Trump songs and did the Mr. Trump , " said John Walter , a cousin of Donald Trump who is the family historian Mr. Trump in the 1960s , the Trumps gravitated to Marble . The lure was Dr. Peale , a household name since the publication of the 1952 best seller that transformed " the power of positive thinking " into a national catchphrase . Today he is remembered for preaching optimism and personal Mr. Trump , asserting that it was possible to achieve spiritual and material success in life . He himself became a wealthy man who lived Mr. Trump Avenue opposite the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Mr. Walter said Fred Trump maintained that " nobody else was Peale . " That idea was echoed by Donald Trump , who in an interview described Dr. Peale as " a great preacher and a great public speaker " but said nothing about any religious beliefs he had imparted . " You always , when the service was over , you said , ‘ I ’d have sat there for another hour,’ " Mr. Trump recalled . " There are n’t too Fred Trump like that . It was n’t the speaking ability , it was the thought process . " Some theologians criticized Dr. Peale ’s brand of Christianity as superficial . The Dr. Peale , Dr. Michael B. Brown , suggested that there were really two Norman Vincent Peales   —    " Peale the motivator and Peale the pastor "   —    and that Dr. Peale ’s ministry at Marble is often misunderstood because " a Dr. Peale public thinks Peale the pastor was saying the same stuff as Peale the motivator . " " In the motivational speaking world , " Dr. Brown added , " he would say , ‘ You can if you think you can.’ In the Dr. Brown , he would quote Philippians 4 and say , ‘ I can do all things Dr. Brown Christ who strengthens me . ’ " Still , Dr. Peale ’s presence made Marble a favorite of business leaders , and he Peale the way Mr. Trump takes on the world . " Everything he Peale is about winning , " Gwenda Blair , the author of " The Mr. Trump : Three Generations of Builders and a Presidential Candidate , " a biography of the family , said in a recent New York Times podcast . " It ’s only about winning and losing   —    those two are the only principles that are involved . That ’s a very Norman Vincent Peale notion   —    that notion of success above all . " Dr. Peale favored Republicans   —    in 1956 , he assailed the Democratic presidential Norman Vincent Peale Adlai E. Stevenson , because he had been divorced Norman Vincent Peale Mr. Stevenson countered , " I find the Apostle Paul appealing and the Apostle Peale appalling Adlai E. Stevenson In 1960 , when John F. Kennedy was the Democratic Norman Vincent Peale Peale and 25 other Protestant leaders were so fearful of Vatican influence on a Kennedy administration that they gathered at the invitation of the Rev. Billy Graham and discussed ways to defeat him John F. Kennedy Dr. Peale Dr. Peale and 25 other Protestant leaders attacked for his involvement and later called the episode one of the most painful the Rev. Billy Graham Norman Vincent Peale . ( Richard M. Norman Vincent Peale worshiped at Marble after he lost to Kennedy , and Dr. Peale Norman Vincent Peale him even as the Watergate scandal doomed his presidency . ) Richard M. Nixon Mr. Trump John F. Kennedy Dr. Norman Vincent Peale the minister , Richard M. Nixon , professed admiration for Mr. Trump Richard M. Nixon In 1983 , Dr. Peale sent Mr. Trump a note   —    shared by the Trump campaign Mr. Trump    congratulating him Norman Vincent Peale opening of Trump Tower Mr. Trump Peale recalled predicting that " you were going to be America ’s greatest builder . Mr. Trump " You have already Norman Vincent Peale that status , " Dr. Peale wrote , " and believe me , as your friend , I am very proud of you . " But Norman Vincent Peale ’s son John , 79 , told The Washington Post in January that he was not pleased when Mr. Trump your friend to his father . " I do n’t respect Mr. Trump very much , " he was quoted as saying . " I do n’t think the Mr. Trump of Norman Vincent Peale that comes through Mr. Trump is any connection to the Mr. Trump I have of him . " In a brief Norman Vincent Peale month , however , John Peale said that he Mr. Trump winced at the mention of Mr. Trump . But he Mr. Trump not elaborate . " I ’ve said Norman Vincent Peale need or want Norman Vincent Peale say , " he said . Dr. Brown said that Marble Norman Vincent Peale Mr. Trump no longer a strictly denominational congregation , was " the sort of place church is Norman Vincent Peale to be . " " It ’s inclusive , " he said , " whether you ’re talking about race , age , politics , sexuality , economics or gender . " Asked whether that contrasts with many of Mr. Trump ’s Dr. Brown during the campaign , he said , " There is a difference in the world of politics and the world of church , and in the world of church , we are compelled by Jesus ’s Dr. Brown   —    it was n’t a suggestion or a request   —    it was , I command that the world of church . " Dr. Peale stopped preaching at Marble in 1984 , when he was commandment   Mr. Trump said that he attended Dr. Mr. Trump last service . Mr. Trump successor , Dr. Caliandro , presided over Marble Dr. Peale the church ’s Fifth Avenue home , built in the 1850s Dr. Peale Norman Vincent Peale from the same quarry as City Hall and the arch in Washington Square Park . Dr. Caliandro ’s son Paul said his father told of trying to get Mr. Trump to contribute to a new roof Mr. Trump My father is walking down the aisle in the middle of the sanctuary , " Paul Caliandro said . his father Trump is Dr. Caliandro’s son Paul Dr. Caliandro to finish the Mr. Trump do this and Mr. Trump and this . He his father his financial support , and Donald Trump Mr. Trump : ‘ Mr. Trump just gave it to Mr. Trump I saved you $ 100 , 000 . ’ " Dr. Caliandro Trump said he did not remember whether he was asked Mr. Trump money for Mr. Trump roof , or whether Mr. Trump had done so . He said he had " helped them Mr. Trump their real estate through Mr. Trump Caliandro Mr. Trump earlier through Dr. Peale . " " I was very Dr. Caliandro I know I was , " he said . " They were thankful . " By the early Mr. Trump , some in the congregation wondered he was asked to contribute money for the roof, or whether he had done so was he was asked to contribute money for the roof, or whether he had done so attention to more than the sermons . " I Mr. Trump a particular pew I had to sit in , and one Sunday , the usher said , ‘ he was asked to contribute money for the roof, or whether he had done so you please move over ? ’ " recalled Gloria Hegy , Dr. Caliandro ’s first wife . The woman who squeezed in apparently liked the view from that pew . " Marla Maples was n’t interested in sitting beside me , " Ms. Hegy said the usher " She was interested in Donald , who was Ms. Hegy at each other . " Mr. Trump said that contrary to what the two women had told Mr. Trump   —    and contrary to a famous tabloid headline , " They Met in Church "   —    Marla Maples first encounter with Ms. Ms. Maples not at Marble . But as the Mr. Trump developed , so did the awkwardness for some at the church the church People would ask me about it , " said the Rev. Anne Benefield , who was an associate minister at Marble the two women the 1990s . " They would say , ‘ Does Donald Trump really come?’ and I would have to say , ‘   .’ This Mr. Trump this man was married and having this    affair and the church was the church it . " 
 People this   affair 