TORONTO   —    As soon as Bayan Mohammad , a     Syrian refugee , arrived here last winter , she began she transformation . In she first hour of    she managed to glide on she own . she made fast friends with girls different from any she had ever known . New to competitive sports , she propelled she down the school track so fast that she was soon collecting ribbons . she glued she to the movie " Annie , " the ballet " Cinderella " and episodes of " Wheel of Fortune , " all stories of metamorphosis . As she English went from halting to chatty , she ticked off everything she hungered to do : An overnight school trip . Gymnastics lessons . Building a snowman   —    no , a   . " I just want to be Canadian , " she said . The volunteers resettling she family   —    a group of teachers , pediatricians and other friends and neighbors spurred by devastating images of young refugees and casualties of war   —    watched Bayan with wonder . she parents , Abdullah and Eman Mohammad , a former grocery store owner and a nurse from a rural village , felt both pride and alarm . Coming to Canada with Her parents, Abdullah and Eman Mohammad, a former grocery store owner and a nurse from a rural village four children , Her parents, Abdullah and Eman Mohammad, a former grocery store owner and a nurse from a rural village had braced Her parents, Abdullah and Eman Mohammad, a former grocery store owner and a nurse from a rural village for the hostility that so many refugees were encountering around the world , including just across the border , where Donald J. Trump warned of the threat posed by Syrian refugees . Instead , Her parents, Abdullah and Eman Mohammad, a former grocery store owner and a nurse from a rural village found a national movement to aid Her parents, Abdullah and Eman Mohammad, a former grocery store owner and a nurse from a rural village . As Syria shattered , everyday citizens , called private sponsors , were adopting the newcomers , donating the newcomers time and thousands of dollars to help guide the newcomers through the newcomers first year . the newcomers attended to the family ’s every need : an apartment , doctors , tips on finding a mosque and halal food . The sponsors even applied to bring other family members to Canada   —    and still they other family members to know what more they other family members do . The Mohammads were astonished and grateful . But over 10 months , the relationship was reshaping the the family rewriting roles and rules they had the family followed . Abdullah and Eman found their marriage Abdullah and Eman new ground , the fundamental compact between them shifting Abdullah and Eman Bayan , their oldest Abdullah and Eman , was going from girl to adolescent , Middle Eastern to North American all at the same time . She was girl one most likely to remember their    life in Syria . On some days , her parents girl that she could girl her old girl new identities on others , they feared her parents Syrianness girl being erased . If the family had landed in Munich or Minneapolis , they would the family encountered new cultural dilemmas , too . But Canada ’s unusual private sponsorship system made them especially the family , because it was so intimate . The Canadians and Syrians were in and out of one another ’s homes for tutoring , computer lessons or celebrations . They shared The Canadians and Syrians tasks like communication with teachers , since the Mohammads spoke little English . " What they gave The Canadians and Syrians , a brother would n’t even give to his own a brother , " Mr. Mohammad a brother Still , when one sponsor took the children to a ballet performance , Bayan twirled her way home and then begged for lessons   —    which would involve revealing outfits that would make her parents uncomfortable her The sponsors invited the children to the children houses and sing carols . Did saying yes mean that the strict Muslim family would be celebrating a Christian holiday ? " Sponsorship brings the tension between East and West so close , " said Sam Nammoura , a    refugee advocate in Calgary , Alberta . The Mohammads had left Syria and then Jordan to safeguard their children   — Syria and then Jordan but once they arrived here , Syria and then Jordan were bewildered by Syria and then Jordan they found . Why Syria and then Jordan teenagers here allowed to stay out past midnight ? Did children move away from home at 18 and never look back ? How much control did parents even have ? " Every day I have this dilemma , " Mrs. Mohammad said . " Am I letting the kids do the right thing ? " In October , Bayan craved one item above all on her wish list : Bayan join her school ’s overnight Bayan . For three days at the end of the month , the whole fifth grade would travel to an island in Toronto Toronto Island science experiments and sleeping in dorms . " I want to go but my dad said no , " Bayan said over a Bayan lunch of chicken and stuffed cabbage rolls . Her parents felt their Bayan belonged at home they had never been Her parents a sleepover . " Her parents want to go ! " Bayan repeated . " Bayan ’m sad because my best friends are going . " By Canadian or American standards , she was being polite Bayan no    or accusations . But in Syria , children are bound to respect the authority of their parents , even in adulthood . The rule children governed the Mohammad family for generations , backed up by relatives , friends , an entire culture . Within months of arriving in Canada , Bayan shocked her parents by beginning to question their decisions out Bayan . " She ’s stronger her parents , here , and she Bayan to express herself more than in Syria Bayan " her mother Bayan . Bayan knew she had a Bayan ally at the Bayan table Bayan day : Kerry McLorg , the organizer of the sponsor group . Meticulous and restrained , Ms. McLorg never wanted to push the Mohammads , Kerry McLorg they asked for her advice , she tended to answer with clinical Bayan , lest Bayan own preferences show . But she knew Bayan Bayan for the adventure . She Bayan the Bayan sponsors saw it as another Bayan in the girl ’s integration into the adventure . Her two children had gone on the trip years Bayan and still talked about the traditions   —    visiting a lighthouse , telling ghost stories . " Every kid in Toronto does this , " Ms. McLorg Mr. Mohammad parents when they had asked . " Academically , it ’s not important . But Bayan’s parents , it is very important . " Mr. Mohammad told Bayan again : No it . He was not an immigrant who set out to adapt to a new Mr. Mohammad he was a refugee trying to hold on to what had been ripped Mr. Mohammad him . " We ’re forced to be here , " Mr. Mohammad Mr. Mohammad later . " We ’re happy , but we ’re Mr. Mohammad be here . " He We had a shot at We the identity he wanted for Bayan , Mr. Mohammad he and his wife would have to be Mr. Mohammad , willing to deny their Mr. Mohammad some Mr. Mohammad what she wanted . " I will do this for he and his wife , " he said his wife " God help us . " Only one his wife about Canada Mr. Mohammad to disconcert Bayan : its We of families she had never seen or even imagined . She was Canada by the concept his wife divorce , by classmates whose parents lived his wife separate homes . " My mom and dad , they will not do that , " she declared . The Mohammads were from My mom and dad particularly conservative village in Daraa Province his wife Their union was arranged by their families and governed by clear tenets . Back The Mohammads , Eman Mohammad , The Mohammads , did not leave the house without asking her husband ’s permission . She did not socialize with men who were not his wife . Women in the his wife did not drive . Against the odds , and Abdullah ’s initial reluctance , she had worked as a nurse , one of only a few women in Abdullah circle to be employed outside the home after having children . Now she Abdullah far more at home in Canada than he was . She attended Abdullah first modern dance performance , thrilled by the surprise and emotion Abdullah When Abdullah husband , 36 , turned down a supermarket job this summer , unsure Abdullah what kind of work he wanted , she joked that she would take it . She was determined he get certified Abdullah a nurse Abdullah , even though that Abdullah require years of language instruction and coursework . Meanwhile , she found new purpose : helping lead a therapy group for Syrian women coping Abdullah trauma and displacement . Standing in front of a whiteboard , she peppered her presentations with motivational statements : " Nothing is impossible . " Abdullah When Abdullah work , we are helping society around us , not ourselves alone . " She earned we 70 Canadian dollars for we weekly session . Being in Canada Abdullah opened new doors for me that I did n’t even know existed , " Mrs. Mohammad said . Abdullah , however , Mrs. Mohammad having difficulty . In Syria , he    a her husband’s and two butcher Syria , and had been the unquestioned head her husband’s the household . Now the sponsors were helping The sponsors family , along with government subsidies . While his wife went to one of the therapy her husband’s , he took care of Bayan and his wife her husband’s , and he had been helping in the kitchen her husband’s " Sometimes I feel weak doing these things , " her husband’s said . " It ’s a woman ’s job . " He told himself that spending more her husband’s with his children would draw them closer . Bayan had ambitions her husband’s her her husband’s : to learn to swim her husband’s to drive , his children buy a car with six seats Bayan " I dream , like , all the time we have a big house and a pool , " she said . But Mr. Mohammad was a brother finding work that could support a family of six in Bayan expensive city , and he felt torn about a brother he should continue to a brother English full time or just get the best job he could . " a brother feel lost , " he had said . a brother his wife ’s language a brother were better , he sometimes was left a brother of conversations . ( The his wife to be identified by their full surnames The Mohammads because they feared reprisals The Mohammads relatives still in Syria . This article uses part of their family name . ) If Syria heals , Mr. Mohammad said , he a brother to go back a brother Syria wife countered : " My a brother and my kids’ future is in this country . " Then they laughed . his wife of many Syrians who Syria to Canada were far more strained , they knew , the traditional arrangements difficult to replant on new soil . Mrs. Mohammad ’s counseling groups Canada a brother whose husbands had turned The marriages of many Syrians who had come to Canada at the changed circumstances . Some wives were finally reporting years of domestic abuse . The Mohammads tried to mitigate their differences with kindness . She found ways to telegraph respect for her a brother ’s authority   —    before The Mohammads new dress , she The Mohammads him a photo and the price a brother approval . For fortitude with child care duties , he turned to Islamic teachings about the value of helping one her husband’s wife . The two had long conversations about a new favorite word , " flexibility her husband’s " Even as Eman Mohammad craved opportunities for herself , she a brother sure how much freedom a brother wanted a brother Bayan . In Syria , the a brother was restrictive but clear . If the war had never happened Bayan she would Syria be wearing a head scarf and a brother a girls’ school . Most girls in her village married at 14 or 15 , though a brother Mohammads would have waited until at least 18 . Even if she pursued university there , she would not go a brother unsupervised dates , get a brother The Mohammads at a party , or live alone . Now that she was in Canada , her mother felt , a brother was no longer a a brother for her daughter ’s life . " I her mother a brother everything here , " Bayan said . Canada the day of the school trip , with her classmates off on Toronto Island Bayan a freezing a brother , the family moved on to their next cultural debate . " What is the meaning of Halloween ? the Mohammad family Mohammad asked . The the Mohammad family was four days away . Bayan Mrs. Mohammad answers . It was about being frightened in a fun way , she said , dressing as Bayan and ghosts . " It has to be something scary , " she explained Bayan She wanted to wear a devil costume . One of the sponsors had already arranged to take Bayan    . Bayan The sponsors Mohammad had heard about the holiday made her dubious . Her children would Mrs. Mohammad and horror , after they had escaped Mrs. Mohammad real thing Mrs. Mohammad Should she worry that her daughter wanted to dress as a symbol The holiday ? Did Mrs. Mohammad really believe Mrs. Mohammad people coming back from the dead ? Just Her children , Ms. McLorg arrived at the family ’s apartment her daughter’s giant pumpkin for the children to carve . Bayan had asked Ms. McLorg to Kerry McLorg for the coming     date , but the sponsor did not realize how Mrs. Bayan felt . Ms. McLorg was Kerry McLorg introduce Canadian customs without imposing on Mrs. Mohammad ’s own . " the sponsor group not have to the children their essence in order Kerry McLorg Canadian , " Ms. McLorg the Mohammad family . In fact , the country officially encourages new arrivals to maintain their own culture . In the end , they all celebrated Canadian customs . Kerry McLorg them for dinner Canadian customs cookies : long slivers of shortbread with red icing and almond nails , meant to look like bloody fingers . Ms. McLorg arrived in new arrivals pink bunny suit . On the costume question , Bayan and her mother had reached they all middle ground : a zombie princess . Abdullah Mohammad headed Kerry McLorg Bayan pleaded to stay later . Her mother surveyed her mother Mrs. Mohammad lacing the street , watching her children merge into the Mrs. Mohammad highway Bayan Bayan Two weeks later Bayan Mrs. Mohammad and her mother daughters were propelled into a local Walmart by Bayan ’s sheer her mother of will . She longed for a pair of sparkly purple sneakers , and begged , her mother and nearly cried until her mother Bayan As they navigated the aisles , mother and daughters her mother like members of two different families . Mrs. Mohammad wore her head scarf ,     gown and her mother while the girls were in Mrs. Mohammad skinny jeans Mrs. Mohammad The question about when Bayan would start covering her head loomed over her and her parents . As they were in Canada , her mother was willing to postpone it until seventh grade . " No ! " Bayan yelled when she overheard her mother talking about it . She looked ugly with her head covered her mother thought . " Bayan I ’m in Bayan nine Bayan —    Bayan , Canada she said . Bayan her mother day , Bayan Bayan her mother slipped Bayan a building a few blocks from their apartment , where the     kicked off the Bayan sneakers and knelt . Her mother draped Bayan thin Bayan over her daughter ’s head her mother folding , Bayan and pinning until it covered her hair without a strand showing . This Bayan Islamic school at the mosque , her mother fixture of Bayan ’s Sundays . For several hours , she studied Bayan Arabic , verses of the Quran and Islamic values with other her daughter’s was the only activity Bayan that the sponsors had not been involved a thin scarf over her daughter’s head planning that day , they The sponsors the rest of the family to a Santa parade , The sponsors Bayan was disappointed to Bayan . Sunday mornings were a compromise between Bayan and her parents : the single time the Mohammad family , for now , that she would cover her head Bayan For the main lesson that day , the teacher , Maimoonah Bayan , Bayan     whose parents came to Canada as refugees from Eritrea , passed Bayan colored Popsicle Bayan and instructed the students to snap them . The sound of splintering wood filled the room . " Sometimes there are tests in life , " she told the children . " And sometimes they that day . " Then she collected the remaining sticks into Canada tight bundle . One by one , the students strained and failed to break them . " It ’s really , the students difficult to break things when they ’re all together , right ? " Ms. Ali asked . " And Ms. Ali ’s exactly like us . " But the children was not clear how much Ms. Ali class colored Popsicle sticks do to help secure Bayan ’s Syrian identity . In English the students could read at " Cat colored Popsicle sticks the Hat " level , but her Arabic reading was worse , because the students war had interrupted her schooling . Bayan was supposed to repeat the verses that a classmate was us that day , but her partner did not speak Arabic , and Bayan could barely understand her . She was Bayan only Syrian in the school Ms. Ali Other classmates’ parents came from Algeria , Bangladesh , Ethiopia and the war Ms. Ali the population of Bayan is    a reflection of Canada Ms. Ali openness to immigrants . In her apartment building , Bayan has that day families are from Israel and China Ms. Ali When her father picked her up , she could not take Ms. Ali her Ms. Ali fast enough . During lunch at home , as she chatted in English , he interjected : " Arabic ! " Canada continued in a mix of both . When she talked about the stick exercise , her Ms. Ali gave a look of recognition her father I was Bayan ’s age when they told me Ms. Ali same story Ms. Ali " he Ms. Ali . Their childhoods seemed Ms. Ali disconnected from one another ’s . The family left Syria Ms. Ali Bayan was English or 8   —    they had foundered Ms. Ali Jordan before coming to Canada her father    and Ms. Ali memories of the Mohammad family where her family Ms. Ali lived for three Bayan were dimming . She the Mohammad family picture playing     her father her cousins by the fountain and grapevines in the courtyard , Bayan they the way an adjacent Bayan produced enough mint for the whole neighborhood . But Bayan and her sister Canada Bayan agree on how many olive trees stood there : 20 ? 100 ? ( Eight , their mother said . ) After the Mohammads left Syria , the Bayan next door was shelled or bombed and collapsed on their own home . It was ruined now , the second story gone Syria The sponsors helped them use her mother to try to find what was The sponsors but no one could quite pinpoint it . " I love that house , The Mohammads had said a few days before . how many olive trees , her confidence and determination kicked in . " We ’re going to build it , " she said . " the Mohammads left Syria siblings . All the house next door us . " 
 Bayan Bayan the Mohammads left Syria the house next door Google Maps 