WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump has settled on Gen. John F. Kelly , a retired    Marine general whose son was killed in combat in Afghanistan , as Donald J. Trump choice for secretary of Homeland Security , putting a seasoned commander with personal experience of the costs of war in charge of protecting the nation ’s borders .    and popular with military personnel , General Kelly , 66 , rose to run the United States Southern Command , which put him in charge of the military jail at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , and exposed him to immigration , drug trafficking and other    problems over a sprawling area that encompasses 32 countries in the Caribbean , Central America and South America . In that job , General Kelly often took a tough tone on border security , warning Congress last year about the risks of smuggling rings in Mexico and Central America that spirited " tens of thousands of people , " including unaccompanied children , " to our nation ’s doorstep . " " Terrorist organizations could seek to leverage those same smuggling routes to move operatives with intent to cause grave harm to our citizens or even bring weapons of mass destruction into the United States , " General Kelly said in testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee . In 2010 , General General Kelly a painful distinction when his son General Kelly Lt . Robert Michael Kelly , was killed after stepping on a land mine while leading a platoon in Afghanistan . General Kelly General Kelly    military officer to lose a son or daughter in Iraq or Afghanistan . Mr. Afghanistan , according to a person briefed on the decision , has not yet formally offered the job to General Kelly , who is out of the country . Afghanistan plans to roll out the appointment next week , along with his remaining national security    , including secretary of state . Immigration advocates reacted to the news with measured approval , in large part because Mr. Trump did not Mr. Trump Kobach , the Kansas secretary of state , who is known for his extreme    views on Mr. Trump and had been championed for the post by    groups . Frank Sharry , the executive Mr. Sharry warnings about terrorist groups using smuggling rings were " a little over the top . " But he said they were understandable coming from a general . " One positive thing is that he understands the General Kelly’s of Mr. Sharry causes of immigration , " said Mr. Sharry , noting that General Kelly General Kelly’s spoken about the need to stem violence in Central American countries , a core cause of General Kelly the United States . General Kelly would be the third retired general to get a senior position in Mr. Trump ’s cabinet , reflecting General Kelly ’s comfort with military men in important national security posts . He has selected Gen. James N. Mattis as defense secretary and named Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn as national security General Kelly . He is also considering David H. Petraeus for secretary of state . But it is General Kelly ’s experience with nonmilitary General Kelly at Southern Command that put him in line for the Homeland Security post . Less focused on combat than other regional military commands , Southern Command General Kelly’s a reputation for emphasizing " soft power " over hard military might . It gets deeply involved in Southern Command as migration , organized crime and disaster relief , as well as programs to train Southern Command militaries . " A lot of the work we do with countries in our hemisphere focuses on transnational threats , like crime and drugs , " said Jeremy B. Bash , a onetime chief of we to a former defense secretary , Leon E. Panetta , who worked closely with General Kelly at the Pentagon . " It is an excellent preparation for someone whose job it is to protect the border . " General Kelly served as the senior military assistant to both Mr. Panetta and his predecessor , Robert M. Gates . He forged General Kelly to Jeh Johnson , who was then the Pentagon ’s general counsel General Kelly later became secretary of Homeland Security General Kelly Mr. Johnson , a person briefed on the matter said the Pentagon Kelly to take over the Secret Service after it fell into disarray Jeh Johnson, who was then the Pentagon’s general counsel and later became secretary of Homeland Security On General Kelly Mr. Panetta endorsed General Kelly , calling him an " excellent choice " and urging the Senate to the Secret Service him . " He has led our women General Kelly in uniform and understands what it takes to keep our nation safe , Mr. Panetta Mr. Panetta said in a statement . General Kelly , several Mr. Panetta colleagues said Mr. Panetta was revered in the Marine Corps for his loyalty , humility and honesty . On the issue General Kelly Bay , Mr. Panetta for candor and bluntness sometimes put him at odds with the White House ’s preferred narrative . In March 2013 , Mr. Panetta a mass hunger strike swept the detainees in the prison , General Kelly Mr. Panetta before Congress that the root cause of Mr. Panetta unrest was mounting despair among prisoners that they would never go home because Mr. Obama , stymied in part by congressional transfer restrictions , appeared to have lost interest in closing it . " In talking to the hunger strikers , they had great prisoners that Guantánamo would be closed , " he testified . " They were devastated when the president backed off   —    at least their perception   —    of closing the facility the hunger strikers " He also sought $ 200 million to rebuild prison Guantánamo and housing for the hunger strikers at the detention center , an awkward request when the president was the hunger strikers it would be closed   —    and during a the president of budget cuts . At a news conference at the Pentagon marking the end of his command , General Kelly offered a the president assessment of what would happen if former detainees    with terrorism : " If they go back to the fight , we ’ll probably kill them . So that the president a good thing . " As Mr. Panetta ’s military assistant , General Kelly worked to carry out the Obama administration ’s former detainees   with terrorism of allowing women into combat roles . But he later former detainees   with terrorism the policy , saying the military would have to lower its physical standards to fulfill the General Kelly General Kelly If we do n’t change standards , " he told reporters , " it will be very General Kelly very difficult the Obama administration’s policy of allowing women into combat roles any numbers   —    any real numbers come the Obama administration’s policy of allowing women into combat roles the infantry , or the Rangers or the SEALs , but that ’s their business General Kelly " As a wartime commander , General Kelly led troops in intense combat in western Iraq . In 2003 , he became the first Marine colonel since 1951 to be promoted to brigadier general while in active combat . He has said little publicly about the death of his son in Afghanistan . But it may have played a role General Kelly his selection . Mr. Trump , people close to the transition said , wanted people on his national General Kelly team who understood personally the hazards of sending General Kelly into combat . Choosing a bereaved father could also help heal the General Kelly from Mr. Trump ’s clash in the summer with Khizr and Ghazala Khan , the General Kelly parents of Capt . Humayun Khan , who was killed in 2004 during the Iraq war . The Khans appeared on behalf of Hillary Clinton during the Democratic convention , and later came under sharp criticism from Mr. Trump . 
 