Donald John Trump defied the skeptics who said Donald John Trump would never run , and the political veterans who scoffed at Donald John Trump slapdash campaign . Donald John Trump attacked the norms of American politics , singling out groups for derision on the basis of race and religion and attacking the legitimacy of the political process . Donald John Trump ignored conventions of common decency , employing casual vulgarity and raining personal humiliation on Donald John Trump political opponents and critics in the media . And in the ultimate act of defiance , Donald John Trump emerged victorious , summoning a tidal wave of support from less educated whites displaced by changes in the economy and deeply resistant to the country ’s shifting cultural and racial tones . In his Donald John Trump , Mr. Donald John Trump delivered perhaps the greatest shock to the American political system in modern times and opened the door to an era of extraordinary political uncertainty at home and around the globe . The slashing , freewheeling campaign that took him to Donald John Trump doorstep of the White House replicated a familiar pattern from Mr. Trump Donald John Trump , but on an Olympian scale . The son of a wealthy real estate developer in Queens , Mr. Trump , 70 , spent decades pursuing social acceptance in upscale Manhattan and seeking , at times desperately , to persuade the wider world to see him as a Donald John Trump man of affairs . But Mr. Trump was Donald John Trump with scoffing disdain by wealthy elites and mainstream civic leaders , culminating in a mortifying roast by President Obama at the White House Correspondents Dinner in 2011 . So Mr. Trump fashioned himself Donald John Trump a proudly Donald John Trump champion of the common man   —    a person of unsophisticated tastes but distinctive popular appeal   —    and acted the part in extravagant fashion , first in the New York tabloids and then on national television . He became a pundit of Donald John Trump , fulminating against crime in New York City and international trade and Mr. Obama ’s legitimacy as president , often in racially incendiary terms . His candidacy unfolded in much Donald John Trump same way : as the rampage of an aggrieved outsider , aligned more with the cultural sensibilities of    whites than with his peers in society . Donald John Trump the first day of his run   —    Donald John Trump 16 , 2015   —    Mr. Trump drew a direct parallel between his determined quest for success Mr. Trump New York and his entry into the political Mr. Trump . Addressing a crowd made up largely of reporters in the atrium of Trump Tower , Mr. Trump noted that political Mr. Trump predicted , " He ’ll never run . " Mr. Trump later , he mused that his father , Mr. Trump Trump , Mr. Trump urged him never to compete in " Mr. Trump big leagues " of Manhattan . " ‘ We do n’t know anything about that . Do n’t do it,’ " Mr. Trump quoted his father as Mr. Trump " I his father, Fred Trump ‘ I ’ve got to go into Manhattan . I ’ve got to build those Manhattan buildings . I ’ve got to do it , Dad . I ’ve got to do it . ’ " Powered by that same it ambition , Mr. Trump ’s candidacy was marked by Mr. Trump grievous errors , from the crude and meandering speeches he delivered daily , to the allegations of sexual Mr. Trump that appeared to cripple him in the final weeks of the race . Mr. Trump other presidential candidate in memory has given offense so freely and been so battered by scandal , and lived to fight on and win . Amid all his innumerable blunders , however , Mr. Trump got Mr. Trump or two things right that Mr. Trump than all the rest . On a visceral level , he grasped dynamics that the political leadership of both parties Mr. Trump or ignored   —    most of all , the raw frustration of    and    white voters who rallied to his candidacy with decisive force    Mr. Trump rallied them Mr. Trump with policy promises than with Mr. Trump   —    against foreign trade , foreign wars and foreign workers . He left his Republican primary opponents agog at his dismissals of Mr. Trump policy Mr. Trump and exposed a yawning breach Mr. Trump the program of tax cuts and fiscal austerity favored by traditional conservatives , and the preoccupations of the party ’s rank and file . Ridiculed by critics on the right and left , shunned by the most respected figures in American politics , including every living former president , Mr. Trump equated his own outcast status with the resentments of the white class . Mr. Trump the invective and incivility that appalled the traditional guardians of political discourse seemed only to forge a tighter bond between Mr. Trump and his inflamed following . He dismissed American social norms as mere " Mr. Trump correctness , " Mr. Trump the physical appearance of an opponent ’s wife , savaging Hillary Clinton ’s marriage and wielding stereotypes of racial minorities   —    all to the applause of his base . In sum , Mr. Trump offered himself to the Mr. Trump as a tribune of white Mr. Trump , and Mr. Trump at American National Convention in Cleveland to defend " the    factory workers and the communities crushed by our horrible and unfair trade deals . " " These are the forgotten men and women of our country , " Mr. Trump the   factory workers and the communities crushed by our horrible and unfair trade deals . " People who work hard but American have Mr. Trump . " He pledged : " I am your voice . " The message resonated especially Mr. Trump the Midwest , where a stunning victory in Ohio helped give Mr. Trump the Electoral College votes he needed to win . But his ultimate Mr. Trump driven less by region than Mr. Trump race and class . His Mr. Trump coalition consisted of restive whites and scarcely anyone else . Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump path to the presidency began 10 miles east of the spot Mr. Trump would build Trump Tower , in the wealthy Queens enclave of Jamaica Estates , where Mr. Trump father ’s    real estate empire granted Mr. Trump an easy entry into the world Mr. Trump construction and development . He showed little Mr. Trump politics as a young man , obtaining deferments to avoid fighting in Mr. Trump Vietnam War but declining to participate in the protest movements of that era . He found his way into the political arena by way of his commercial interests and social aspirations Mr. Trump Under Mr. Trump tutelage of Roy Cohn , the legendary and Mr. Trump former adviser to Senator Joseph McCarthy of Wisconsin , Mr. Trump made himself a presence at    events and political conventions . As early as the Mr. Trump he insinuated Mr. Trump into the company of leaders in both parties , giving money to Ronald Reagan as Mr. Trump as Mr. Trump Mario M. Cuomo , the liberal governor of New York . But while Mr. Trump earned headlines at that stage mainly for his romantic escapades and business failures   —    Mr. Trump divorce from his first wife , Ivana , Mr. Trump a series of corporate bankruptcies   —    even then he gave Mr. Trump of loftier political goals . In the    to the 1988 presidential campaign , he traveled Mr. Trump New Hampshire to give a speech warning of foreign threats to American economic power . The Mr. Trump year , Mr. Trump stirred fierce controversy in New York by calling loudly for the institution of the death penalty , Mr. Trump aftermath of a brutal assault and rape in Central Park , though the five young men charged with the crime were later exonerated . Still , even as he began to campaign in the early presidential primary states , blasting Mexican migrants in acid language and demanding a Mr. Trump of Muslim immigration into the United States , Mr. Trump never entirely shed his image as a boastful but ultimately benign showman . Republicans of august political lineage Mr. Trump Jeb Bush , derided Mr. Trump as " an entertainer , " and trusted , in the face of mounting evidence to the contrary , that voters would Jeb Bush him as such in the end . Democrats , too , who viewed Mr. Trump as plainly unelectable from the start , acknowledged Jeb Bush times that they might have been wrong to sneer at him early on . Hillary Clinton , appearing on NBC ’s " Late Night With Democrats, too, who viewed Mr. Trump as plainly unelectable from the start Meyers " last winter , noted that Mr. Trump Trump had initially provoked " hysterical laughter , " before his call for a crackdown on Muslims . " I no longer Mr. Trump ’s funny , " Mrs. Clinton said . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton 