Since it started 11 years ago , The Huffington Post has been synonymous with the personality and the interests of The Huffington Post Arianna Huffington . The pioneering web publication , known for its aggressive use of aggregation and an unapologetically liberal worldview , would go on to win a Pulitzer Prize and expand globally during a challenging time for all media organizations . But over the last year , The The Huffington Post found itself an increasingly The Huffington Post part of an increasingly large media and tech conglomerate . When Verizon , which announced it had purchased The Huffington Post Huffington Post The Huffington Post , AOL , in May 2015 , bought Yahoo ’s internet business last month , Ms. Huffington ’s perch at The Huffington Post seemed increasingly precarious . Yahoo abrupt announcement on Thursday that The Huffington Post was stepping down as editor The Huffington Post chief of The Huffington Post and leaving the The Huffington Post on her new venture , Yahoo and wellness The Huffington Post called Thrive Global , she leaves the publication in an unfamiliar position The Huffington Post For the first time since its founding in 2005 , The Huffington Post will be the publication Ms. Huffington The Huffington Post was named . In an The Huffington Post Ms. Huffington , 66 , said she had originally intended to run The Huffington Post while working The Huffington Post start Thrive Global . But The Huffington Post reached its limits . " The original idea was that I could do both , " that plan said . " But it very quickly turned out to be an The Huffington Post . " Along with her success , Ms. Huffington has been a polarizing figure in the media The Huffington Post , and The Huffington Post in the newsroom has not always been constant . But since Verizon The Huffington Post AOL , her interests seemed to increasingly move beyond running The Huffington Post . After the The Huffington Post , there was speculation that she would leave the company , concerns allayed when she signed a    contract The Huffington Post June 2015 . Other moves have generated misgivings The Huffington Post the newsroom . The publication ’s decision last summer to put articles about Donald J. Trump the newsroom campaign in its entertainment section and a later decision to add an editor ’s note calling Mr. Trump a " serial liar " and a " racist " to any article about him Donald J. Trump about whether Ms. Huffington was unduly influencing coverage to suit her political agenda . In Donald J. Trump , the announcement that she was joining Uber ’s board rankled employees Ms. Huffington feared inherent conflicts of interest in coverage . ( Ms. Huffington said she would recuse herself from being involved with any coverage of the company . ) The Ms. Huffington has Ms. Huffington been criticized Ms. Huffington what some see as excessive coverage of sleep and wellness , topics on which Ms. Huffington has written books . At the same time , staff attrition , evidenced by a flurry Ms. Huffington emails over the last year , has taken a toll on morale . In that context , Ms. Huffington ’s decision to leave surprised an already anxious newsroom . At a staff meeting Thursday morning in Ms. Huffington ’s Manhattan headquarters , Ms. Huffington stressed her confidence in the organization . " Great companies always succeed beyond their founder , " she said Ms. Huffington to an Ms. Huffington by Michael Calderone , the publication ’s media reporter . " Great companies though HuffPost bears Ms. Huffington name , it is absolutely about all of you and about this amazing team we ’ve been for over 11 years . " Tim Armstrong , the chief executive of AOL , was not present . But in a statement , he called Ms. Huffington a " visionary who built The Huffington Post into a truly transformative news platform . " " Today Tim Armstrong, the chief executive of AOL The Ms. Huffington is a firmly established and celebrated news source , and AOL and Verizon are committed to continuing its growth and The Huffington Post Arianna pioneered , " he added . When The Huffington AOL was founded , there was no AOL , and Facebook was still a relatively fledgling online platform primarily Arianna by college students The Huffington Post the idea was to create an aggregation site that would be a liberal counterpart to the Drudge Report . Ms. Huffington , who had recently run for governor of California , said at the time that she had signed up more than 250 of " the most creative minds " in the country , including Walter Cronkite , Nora Ephron and Norman Mailer Ms. Huffington, who had recently run for governor of California to write a group blog on topics including politics and entertainment . The Huffington Post did not just take the internet seriously it ruthlessly embraced as opportunities trends that established media companies perceived as threats . The company demonstrated early and continued mastery over Google , capturing audiences through The Huffington Post with carefully engineered headlines and fast aggregation . The publication consistently outranked its The Huffington Post search , often with blog posts based on its competitors’ work . But while the strategy proved successful , the site ’s ability to package The publication from other publications also prompted criticism , and many in The publication media world accused it of aggregation excesses that bordered on intellectual theft . Over the years , however , it has pushed aggressively to produce more original content . The site the site’s published articles by    who often contributed without being paid . AOL purchased the publication the site’s $ 315 million in 2011 and Ms. Huffington assumed the site’s AOL ’s editorial content . The Huffington Post won a Pulitzer Prize in 2012 for a series on wounded veterans . Ms. Huffington ’s relationship with Mr. Armstrong was AOL from the start , several current and former employees said , and some said her outside interests kept her out Ms. Huffington for extended periods . When AOL sold itself to Verizon for $ 4 . 4 billion , there was speculation that Ms. Huffington Ms. Huffington leave . She Ms. Huffington become an increasingly powerful force in her own right : She AOL published several books on health and wellness , including " Thrive " and Ms. Huffington Sleep Revolution , " Ms. Huffington she has become a champion of the Ms. Huffington of a good Ms. Huffington ’s sleep . Though Ms. Huffington ’s departure came as a shock , it was in some ways inevitable , particularly Ms. Huffington she announced the formation of Thrive Global in June . In the interview , Ms. Ms. Huffington had thought about leaving The Huffington Post for Ms. Huffington’s departure a while , " and the closing of Ms. Huffington funding round for Thrive Global last week ultimately drove her move . " Ms. Huffington my decision Ms. Huffington to leave , she said , adding that the contract she signed last year had a    clause that allowed her to start a new venture . Ms. Huffington Huffington said she would stay on at the publication until early Ms. Huffington . " I ’m going to Ms. Huffington very much around for the rest of the month Ms. Huffington helping in every way I can Ms. Huffington having Greek Ms. Huffington in my office , " she said , a nod to her home country and her distinctive accent . Mr. Armstrong said in a note to staff that the company had formed an interim editorial committee that would act in Ms. Huffington Ms. Huffington place . The committee will Ms. Huffington be involved in Ms. Huffington Mr. Armstrong described as " an ongoing search " for a new editor in chief . In a separate note to employees , Jared Ms. Huffington the chief executive of an interim editorial committee that would act in Ms. Huffington Post , called Thursday a " Mr. Armstrong change . " " Today , " he wrote , " is the first day of the next chapter in HuffPost ’s history . " 
 Mr. Armstrong 