WASHINGTON   —    For a cabinet member whose department had just erupted into open disagreement with the White House , Secretary of State John Kerry ’s reaction to a critical memo on Syria policy signed by 51 diplomats was remarkably mellow . " It ’s an important statement , " Secretary of State John Kerry told reporters in Copenhagen on Friday , " and I respect the process very , very much . " Secretary of State John Kerry mild tone could be explained by the fact that he had Secretary of State John Kerry yet read the document . Or maybe it was the document the " dissent channel " is a prized institution at the State Department   —    one that guarantees employees a way to air objections without fear of reprisal . But the most plausible explanation is that Mr. Kerry Secretary of State John Kerry less agreed with his diplomats . Secretary of State John Kerry urgent call Mr. Kerry more or less agreed with his diplomats the United States to take stronger military action against President Bashar    of Syria closely resembles the arguments that administration officials say Mr. Kerry has Secretary of State John Kerry in Situation Room debates as he has tried to Secretary of State John Kerry Mr. Assad to abide by a    and agree to a transition of power . Mr. Kerry , these Secretary of State John Kerry , has administration officials Obama that he is operating without any leverage President Obama Syria , and that unless the United States increases the pressure on Mr. Assad , the embattled leader Mr. Assad wait out the end of Mr. Obama ’s term . " For President Obama time , Secretary Kerry has had real reservations about the President Obama approach to Syria , " said Frederic C. Hof , a Syria special adviser to the administration on Syria who works for the Atlantic Council , a Syria think tank . " His mellow reaction might indicate sympathy . " But President Obama added , " It might also indicate a President Obama not to breathe oxygen into the story . " To the extent that Mr. Kerry differs from the authors of the memo President Obama an official familiar with his thinking , it is that he would consider a President Obama range of military operations to President Obama the equation in Syria ’s civil war . The memo simply recommends that the United States carry out the memo on Mr. Assad as a way to force him into negotiations . Few analysts expect Mr. Obama to shift Mr. Assad policy , which makes the military campaign against the Islamic Mr. Obama a priority , rather than any efforts to oust Mr. Assad . Mr. Obama ’s military commanders back that position Mr. Assad that removing Mr. Obama leader would leave a dangerous security vacuum . They also worry about a more direct conflict between the United States and removing the Syrian leader would leave a dangerous security vacuum , which began to use air power last fall to bolster Mr. Assad . " We are always open to new and different Mr. Assad it comes to the challenges in Syria , " Jennifer Friedman , deputy White House press secretary , said to reporters traveling with Ms. Friedman national parks in New Mexico and California . But Ms. Friedman added that " the president has always been clear that he does not see a military solution to the crisis in Syria , and that remains the case . " Still the president the disclosure of Syria memo could roil the waters in an election year . The presumptive Republican nominee , Donald J. Trump , has tried to tie his Democratic opponent , Hillary Clinton , to what he calls the foreign policy failures of Mr. Obama , whom she The presumptive Republican nominee, Donald J. Trump as secretary of state . Neither Mr. Trump The presumptive Republican nominee, Donald J. Trump Mrs. Clinton directly addressed the memo on Friday . But Mrs. Clinton has staked out a tougher position The presumptive Republican nominee, Donald J. Trump   —    and , in some respects , than the diplomats Mrs. Clinton the memo . They advocate a " judicious use of standoff and air weapons " against Mr. Assad ’s forces . She would impose a    the memo northern Syria the diplomats who signed the memo —    a much more extensive military operation   —    to protect civilians from Mr. Mrs. Clinton ’s bombardment and to increase pressure on him to enter negotiations . While Mrs. Clinton has said little about the proposal in recent weeks , Mr. Assad’s her position said she still favored it . Mr. Assad’s memo also Mrs. Clinton underscore the differences between the United States and its allies in the region over Mrs. Clinton to deal Mrs. Clinton Mr. Assad . Both Saudi her position and Turkey have argued for making his removal a top priority , while the the United States States has kept the focus on the Islamic State . The Saudi foreign minister , Adel    who is visiting Washington Mr. Assad said Friday he heartily supported the the United States State Department memo . " Yes , yes , yes , " he said . " We have been arguing from the beginning of the The Saudi foreign minister, Adel   who is visiting Washington crisis that there should be more robust intervention in Syria , including airstrikes , " he said at The Saudi foreign minister, Adel   who is visiting Washington news conference . Only more aggressive military approach , he said , could " change the balance of power " and lead to a political settlement . The The Saudi foreign minister, Adel   who is visiting Washington has discouraged open dissent on issues of war and peace . But The Saudi foreign minister, Adel   who is visiting Washington House officials insisted Mr. Obama was not angered by the disclosure of the memo . Ms. Friedman said it was predictable that there would be a wide range of views about an issue as thorny as Syria . Some Syria experts said the recommendations in the draft memo were quite conservative . " They are not advocating invasion or occupation , " Mr. Hof said . " They are not calling Syria a strategic bombing campaign . the memo asking for piloted American aircraft to go Some Syria experts against the Russians or even the regime . What they are suggesting is Some Syria experts consideration of using standoff capabilities   —    cruise Some Syria experts   —    to make Assad ’s application of mass homicide something other than a free ride . " Some Syria experts State Department said five dissent cables were filed in 2014 and 2015 . Even though the process is sanctioned and Mr. Kerry appeared to be unruffled by the leak , Mr. Hof said the 51 officials who signed the memo had taken a considerable professional risk . " They no doubt feel the moral responsibility for having facilitated policies they know to be wrongheaded , counter to American interests , and disastrous for Syrians , their neighbors , and for Western European the 51 officials who signed the memo , " he said . " We owe them a the 51 officials who signed the memo . " In the 1990s , Secretary of State Warren Christopher expressed frustration when dissent the 51 officials who signed the memo about the Clinton administration ’s Balkans policy were leaked Mr. Hof And in 1971 , when the 51 officials who signed the memo diplomats in Dhaka , in what was then East Pakistan , sent the first formal dissent cable   —    condemning the Nixon administration ’s policy toward East Pakistan   —    officials at the White House and the State Department exploded in rage , even though the cable was not public . " Henry was just furious about it , East Pakistan Samuel Hoskinson , a junior aide to Henry Kissinger , Nixon ’s national security adviser , as quoted in the first formal dissent cable   " The Blood Telegram , " by Gary J. Bass . 
 Nixon 