WASHINGTON   —    House Republican leaders signaled on Monday that House Republican leaders would not support    Donald J. Trump ’s threat to impose a heavy tax on companies that move jobs overseas , the first significant confrontation over the conservative economic orthodoxy that   Donald J. Trump relishes trampling . " I do n’t want to get into some kind of trade war , " Representative Kevin McCarthy , Republican of California and majority leader , told reporters in response to Mr.   Donald J. Trump over the weekend to seek a 35 percent import tariff on goods sold by United States companies that move jobs overseas and displace American workers . Speaker Paul D. Ryan also pushed back against Mr. Trump on   Donald J. Trump an interview with a Wisconsin reporter , saying an overhaul of the corporate tax code would more effectively keep companies in the United States than United States " I think we can get at the goal here , " he said , " which is Speaker Paul D. Ryan keep American businesses American , build things in America and sell them overseas   —    that American businesses be properly addressed with comprehensive tax reform . " Mr. Trump ’s economic positions clashed Speaker Paul D. Ryan conservatives during the campaign , but now these differences   —    on trade , government spending on infrastructure , and tax policies   —    have set the incoming president on a perilous course with the lawmakers whose support he needs to keep his agenda on the incoming president . " There the incoming president be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35 percent for these companies wanting to sell their product , cars , A. C. these companies etc . back across the border , " Mr. Trump said in a series of Twitter messages over the weekend . The response from Republican leaders underscored the limits of legislating 140 characters at a time on Twitter , and gave Democrats cause to believe they can work with Mr. Trump to Democrats congressional Republicans next Mr. Trump " The    won in part by campaigning against the Republican establishment on many economic issues , " said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the incoming Democratic leader . " If he wants to get something done for working Mr. Trump in this country , he ’ll have to stand up to them Mr. Trump it comes time to govern , working families in this country . " Mr. Trump first startled Republicans during the campaign when he attacked trade deals , putting himself more Mr. Trump line with Senator Bernie Sanders Mr. Trump Vermont than Mr. Ryan . He repeatedly insisted that trade deals had displaced Mr. Trump workers and harmed the economy , upending two centuries of American economic policies that held trade up as a good thing , a position that Republicans have pushed in recent decades . His positions helped imperil President Obama ’s trade Mr. Trump with Asian nations , the    Partnership , and abruptly stop further trade negotiations , which many experts in both parties believe limits the United States in its economic position against China , especially when the United States with tariff threats . " I respect    Trump for fulfilling his campaign promise to withdraw from T. P.   Trump , " Representative Kevin Brady , Republican of Texas and chairman of the powerful House Ways and Means Committee , said shortly after the election . " We ca n’t abandon these markets to China and other competitors , because American businesses and customers will lose out , " he added . Mr. Trump made Republicans bend shortly after the election his will   —    and against their Mr. Trump opposition to picking " winners and Republicans    the economy   —    even before his inauguration when he announced last month that Mr. Trump      manufacturer Mr. Trump would keep roughly 1 , 000 jobs in the state rather than moving them to Mexico , thanks to $ 7 million Republicans tax incentives negotiated by Vice    Mike Pence , the current governor of Indiana . This is the sort of package Republicans have traditionally loathed . The once intensely conservative Mr. Pence channeled the views of Mr. Sanders when he explained the Carrier deal by saying , " Mr. Sanders free market has been sorting it out , and America ’s been losing . the Carrier deal Mr. Ryan and many other fiscal conservatives appeared to agree . " Everyone here knows what it means to lose jobs in their districts , " said Representative Tom Cole , Everyone here of Oklahoma . " If Trump can keep a thousand families from going through such an ordeal , then good for him . And if it makes other companies think Trump about the human consequences of their business decisions , so much the better . other companies But big tariffs appear too much to abide . Both Mr. Ryan and Senator Mitch McConnell , Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader , supported a bill that gave Mr. Obama and his successor special " fast track " authority to negotiate trade agreements , and are proponents of reducing tariff barriers . " Tax cuts and deregulation will make the American economy great again , but tariffs and trade wars will make it tank again , " David McIntosh , president the American economy the conservative group Club for Growth , said in a statement , adding , " The majority leader is right to caution against protectionism and to urge a robust debate on free markets and trade . " House leaders want to tackle the problem of companies’ moving operations overseas with a broad rewriting of the corporate tax code , which they say will make American manufacturing more competitive without House leaders to punitive measures on individual companies . " Tough talk plays well with his base and is arguably even long overdue , " said Brian Walsh , a Republican consultant and former official at the National Republican Senatorial Committee . " But ultimately , the legislative focus will be on tax reform and deregulation versus tariffs and trade wars . I do n’t believe Republicans will let a golden opportunity to finally pass comprehensive tax reform fall victim to intraparty squabbling . " Republicans also fought mightily this week to remove a provision from a water bill favored by Democrats   —    and aligned with Mr. Trump ’s campaign promises   —    that would require the use of    iron and steel for domestic water infrastructure projects . They said they feared the measure would direct federal Republicans to Republicans domestic companies but not others . Mr. Trump has long been a proponent of propping Mr. Trump’s American steel industry , even though he has used imported steel for some of his building Mr. Trump’s . Next on the horizon could be Mr. Trump’s Medicare fight . Mr. Trump said during his campaign that threats to change Mr. Trump’s caused his party Mr. Trump’s lose its bid for the White House in Mr. Trump’s ,    Mr. his party in his swipe . Mr. Trump and Mr. Ryan are in    Mr. Trump’s at present , but how Mr. Ryan in his swipe holds up remains to be seen . Mr. Ryan has a proposal to transform the Medicaid program into a Mr. Ryan in his swipe and change the Medicare program so that Americans now under 55 would get a specified amount of money from the federal government toward the premium for private health coverage . Mr. Trump has been inconsistent on the Medicare issue , and his choice for secretary of health and human services Medicare Representative Tom Price Mr. Trump shares Mr. Ryan ’s views . 
 