GREEN BAY , Wis.   —    Donald J. Trump belatedly endorsed the    of Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Senators John McCain and Kelly Ayotte on Friday , moving to heal a deepening rift within the Republican Party touched off by Donald J. Trump feud with the parents of a slain American soldier . " I support and endorse our speaker the Republican Party the House , Paul Ryan , " Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump a rally here after announcing his backing of Donald J. Trump senators . " He ’s a Donald J. Trump man . We may disagree on a couple of things , but mostly we agree . We Mr. Trump ignited Donald J. Trump within his party on Tuesday Donald J. Trump he said he was Donald J. Trump " Donald J. Trump there yet " in supporting Mr. Ryan , echoing a similar line of doubt that Mr. Ryan , the nation ’s most powerful elected Republican , had cast before eventually endorsing Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s , in Mr. Ryan ’s home state Mr. Ryan , had the rollout of a carefully crafted campaign event . A    email was sent to supporters immediately after Mr. Trump ’s announcement . Moments later , subscribers to Trump campaign texts received an alert that said , " Party Mr. Trump’s will help Make America Great Again . " He read the endorsement from a script . But before he got to those words , he spent several minutes in He     mode he is known He . He predicted that the Green Bay He would have a strong He , excoriated Hillary Clinton and argued that the news media had misconstrued his suggestion at a previous event that a crying baby be He out . " The baby that had a voice that was superior to Pavarotti , " he said , adding , " I want to sponsor that He . " Mr. Trump turned the speech into a a crying baby . He threw his support to Ms. Ayotte , who is facing a Mr. Trump race Mr. Trump New Hampshire to retain her Senate seat . Mr. Ryan and Mr. McCain , an Arizona senator , are also up for    beginning with primaries next week . " I need a Republican Senate and a House to accomplish all of the change we have to make , " Mr. Trump said . He added , " I understand and embrace the wisdom of Ronald Mr. Trump ’s big tent within the party . " " Big , big tent , " he said . " Remember ? " He paused to ask the Mr. Trump in the crowd to raise their Mr. Trump . Hardly anyone made a sound . Mr. Trump , the Democrats unimpressed , offered that he did not need Democrats anyway . With the speech , Mr. Mr. Trump sought to move past a tumultuous week that began with Mr. Trump members of a Gold Star military family who had spoken out Mr. Trump him at the Democratic National Convention . Mr. Trump ’s remarks drew rebukes Mr. Trump many Republicans , including Mr. Ryan Mr. Trump McCain and Ms. Ayotte , and set the course for the next few days . He caused a tempest with his remarks regarding Mr. Ryan and another with repeated Mr. Trump about viewing a " Mr. Trump tape " that showed Iran receiving pallets of cash from the United States . Perhaps signaling that he was in a forgiving and unifying mood , Mr. Trump on Friday morning Mr. Trump a rare admission of an error , explaining Mr. Trump that the footage he had thought was a secret tape was instead a widely shown clip of American Mr. Trump arriving in Geneva after being released by Iran . His squabbling with Mr. Ryan and the senators threatened to further splinter Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump with the party and infuriated many officials , including Reince Priebus Mr. Trump of the Republican National Committee . Mr. Trump ’s running mate , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , publicly , but peacefully , Mr. Trump him and Mr. Priebus senators but told the nominee that he had to Mr. Trump decision on his own . The endorsement of Mr. Ryan is unlikely to assuage some Republicans Mr. Priebus are concerned by the combative Trump campaign and have grown frustrated that the    controversies have made Mr. Priebus more difficult to focus on Mrs. Mr. Priebus , the Democratic nominee . Mr. Ryan , Gov. John Kasich of Ohio told CNN that he was considering voting Democratic for the first time . " Let ’s not get ahead of ourselves , " Mr. Kasich said in response to a question on the possibility that he would not vote for a Republican for Gov. John Kasich of Ohio . He added : " I wish that I could be he was considering voting Democratic for the first time enthusiastic . I ca he was considering voting Democratic for the first time be . Gov. John Kasich of Ohio do n’t know what ’s going to happen at the end Gov. John Kasich of Ohio " In Wisconsin , a battleground state where Mr. Gov. John Kasich of Ohio lost a primary decisively to Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and endured unrelenting criticism from local conservative radio hosts , the speaker of the State House of Representatives greeted Mr. Trump with an open letter to fellow Republicans , saying , " We are Ryan Republicans here in Wisconsin , not Trump Republicans . " " As Donald Trump has said stupid things and been rude to so many people Mr. Trump past year , I usually chalked it up to inexperience and the spotlight of an incredibly hostile press , " the speaker , Robin Vos , wrote Mr. Trump But since the convention , his lack of judgment has got to concern even the most ardent Trump supporters . " And less than an hour before Mr. Trump took the stage , Mr. Ryan gave an interview to WISN , a Milwaukee radio station , offering more criticism of the presidential nominee . " I hope he does n’t Mr. Trump doing things like this and distort conservative principles that Mr. Trump to defend , " Mr. Ryan told the station . He said he had not " changed anything " with regard to his support of Mr. Trump , but Mr. Ryan : " I wish he would be a little more disciplined . What I say to him privately Mr. Ryan I ’ve said publicly is Mr. Ryan Clinton Mr. Ryan the one to focus on , not another Republican Mr. Ryan not a private citizen criticizing you . " Mr. Trump made Mr. Ryan endorsement after striking notes of unity on Friday afternoon at a Mr. Ryan in Des Moines . He praised Mr. Priebus , saying he was doing a " fantastic job , " and complimented Mr. Pence , who was on the campaign Mr. Trump him for Mr. Trump first time since they had taken divergent positions on Mr. Ryan ’s primary campaign . " Mr. Trump you do n’t like me Mr. Trump that ’s O. K. , " Mr. Trump told the Iowa crowd . " Vote for Pence because it ’s Mr. Trump same thing . " Mr. Trump also focused his message in Des Moines on Mrs. Clinton , peppering his remarks with extended riffs and insult lines against her and President Obama . " She is pretty close to unhinged , " Mr. Trump Pence , criticizing Mrs. Clinton ’s immigration Mr. Trump policy positions , Mr. Trump particular with regard to Iran . He also floated Mr. Trump conspiracy theory that the National Security Agency had Mrs. Clinton 33 , 000 deleted emails Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton ’s account ( there is Mr. Trump , report or indication Mrs. Clinton true ) . " Does N. S. A. have them ? I do Mr. Trump know , " Mr. Trump said . " Some people have been saying that , that the N. S. A. Mrs. Clinton " The Clinton campaign has been quick to seize on Mr. Trump ’s recent controversies . At a rally Friday afternoon in Milwaukee , the Democratic    nominee , Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia , took aim at Mr. Trump for withholding endorsements of Mr. N. S. A. . " While we Some people been talking about jobs , Donald Trump has been going after Mr. Trump a war hero , or Donald Trump has been going after fellow Republicans and talking about why he wo n’t endorse them in their primaries , " Mr. Trump said . " We ’re talking about jobs , and Donald Trump is basically shadowboxing with every enemy he can Mr. Trump instead of talking about what Americans want to talk about . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump fellow Republicans fellow Republicans 