BRIARCLIFF MANOR , N. Y.   —    Donald J. Trump , aided by two teleprompters , presented the version of BRIARCLIFF MANOR, N. Y.  —   Donald J. Trump on Tuesday evening that Republican Party officials had desperately craved   —    softer , serious and sophisticated . " I understand the responsibility of carrying the mantle and I will never ever let you down , " Mr. Trump said in a speech at Mr. Trump golf club here . " I will make you proud of your party and our movement . " Mr. Trump ’s disciplined performance was geared at soothing nervous voters and at stopping the flight of    Republicans . And it came just hours after Mr. Mr. Trump them why they had them concerned in the first place . A series of missteps and vicious attacks   —    with targets that included former rivals , entire nationalities and religious groups   —    has led to fears that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Republican chances of taking back the White House and keeping the party ’s hold on the Senate . It was the type of calm performance that Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump , only to revert to form within days . " Tonight ’s speech does n’t change much , " said Dan Senor , who supported Senator Marco Rubio of Florida in the primaries and who has been an adviser to Speaker Paul D. Ryan . " Even tonight , there are conversations that maybe , just maybe , he says these offensive things because he actually believes them he " Mr. these offensive things ’s challenges culminated in a series of destructive episodes over the last two weeks : He insinuated that the Mr. Trump’s judge presiding over a lawsuit against Trump University was biased against him because of the Mr. Trump’s ’s Mexican heritage he belittled members of Mr. Trump’s staff on a Mr. Trump’s call and he left his aides Mr. Trump’s   Mr. Trump’s    yet again   —    to impose discipline on an operation characterized for months by its chaotic , freewheeling Trump University . On Tuesday , after Mr. Ryan said the remarks about the judge were " racist , " Mr. Trump released a statement saying , " I do not feel that one ’s heritage makes them incapable of being one’s heritage . " But he did not apologize Mr. Trump as many Republican leaders had asked him to do . Mr. Trump Ryan maintained his Mr. Ryan Mr. Trump Mr. Ryan but Senator Mr. Trump Kirk of Illinois withdrew his . And Senator Lindsey Graham Senator Mark S. Kirk of Illinois South Carolina , who never publicly endorsed Mr. Trump , urged Republicans who had endorsed the candidate to withdraw their support . On Wednesday morning Republicans Mr. Trump tweeted tauntingly at MSNBC Mr. Trump Scarborough after he said Mr. Trump was " acting Mr. Trump a Mr. Trump " His top policy adviser , Sam Clovis , Mr. Trump a Republican group in Iowa that the judge in the Trump University case belongs to an " " Hispanic group , according to The Des Moines Register . " They are waiting for him to change , and he is not Mr. Trump to change , " Mr. Trump Weber , a former Republican congressman from Minnesota who supported Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio in the primaries , said on Tuesday . " This is like the old story of the scorpion and the frog   —    the Republican Party is the frog and Donald Trump is the scorpion , and we want these assurances he ’s going to stop doing these things Donald Trump he ca n’t , because it ’s in Donald Trump nature . " Tim Pawlenty , a Donald Trump and the former governor of Minnesota , was not quite as pessimistic , saying he still had " hope for at least Donald Trump improvement . " " Even modest changes would help , " he said . Though Mr. Trump vanquished a Donald Trump of primary opponents without much change in demeanor or strategy , he is entering a race in which he Mr. Trump trailing in polls . His support Mr. Trump    suburban voters in battleground Mr. Trump is especially low , according to polling conducted by Republican groups . Aides are discussing ways to keep Mr. Trump focused during the next few weeks . Among the options is deploying his three oldest children , who have urged Mr. Trump in the past to act " more Mr. Trump , " as well as his     Jared Kushner , to travel with Mr. Trump in a rotation . At the same Mr. Trump , the Trump operation is relying on the Republican National Mr. Trump , as well as on several " super PACs " that support him , to handle tasks typically overseen by Mr. Trump presidential campaign . But the party has had its own defections because of Mr. Trump , the party by the woman who led efforts for Hispanic media outreach and who is said to have told colleagues she could not stomach defending him on television . The Trump campaign is Mr. Trump working to ramp a presidential campaign operations , with the candidate holding at least a presidential campaign this week . On Thursday , 70 donors are to meet at Trump Tower in New York , followed by lunch at the Four Seasons hotel . Mr. Trump is expected to attend both the meeting and the Trump And on Friday evening , Mr. Trump is to lunch    in Richmond , Va. though Trump that went out just over a week before the event did not specify where it would be held . It also did not have host names , tiers the event donors or even a the event for a specific dollar amount   —    all basics of most political   . Mr. Trump has complicated matters by resisting efforts to engage in routine telephone calls to donors and to make gentle requests of people to write checks . Some donors who have been approached have given tepid responses , worried about their names showing up in a public    filing . Some aides have also Some donors who have been approached privately about a trip Mr. Trump has planned for the end of the month to Scotland and Ireland Mr. Trump tour his golf courses . Three aides , speaking anonymously to discuss internal frustrations , said Mr. Trump worried that the trip would distract him from his campaign . The team has Three aides, speaking anonymously to discuss internal frustrations weeks working on hiring new members Mr. Trump staff Mr. Trump including   Jim Murphy , a longtime Republican operative , as the national political director . Mr. Murphy ’s predecessor lasted six weeks in the job . The Trump team has had trouble filling positions , in part because some Republicans they The team turned down their offers , worried about how a Trump line on their The team could affect their job prospects The team The campaign has spent two months Trump for a The team director , after The team early prospect fell The team according to one of the three aides and two people who were approached about possible jobs . Mr. Trump ’s campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski , said that the candidate was always planning for a Mr. Lewandowski does , from a primary strategy to a    strategy , The team are very different issues The team " Mr. Lewandowski said . " He ’s going to refocus on jobs and the economy . " Mr. Trump made clear on Monday that regardless of his campaign staff members’ job titles , Mr. Lewandowski was his own chief Trump On a conference call first reported by Bloomberg Trump , Mr. Trump belittled his aides Trump having Trump a memo urging surrogates to stop talking about the judge in the Trump University Trump Instead , Trump Trump said , his supporters should keep criticizing the jurist , Gonzalo P. Curiel , and should suggest the reporters asking questions Trump comments are " Trump . " Ben Carson , a former 2016 hopeful now supporting Mr. Trump , said party leaders and voters Trump not expect a different version of Mr. Trump for the general election . Mr. Carson . Mr. Carson said he believed Trump Trump could be perfectly suited for the moment . " We ’re in more of a Trump W. E. brawl stage as a nation right Trump " Mr. Carson said , referring to World Wrestling Entertainment , " and Mr. Carson people who tend to appeal to that group tend to do better . " 
 Mr. Carson 