WASHINGTON   —    For much of the summer , the F. B. I. pursued a widening investigation into a Russian role in the American presidential campaign . Agents scrutinized advisers close to Donald J. Trump , looked for financial connections with Russian financial figures , searched for those involved in hacking the computers of Democrats , and even chased a lead   —    which those involved in hacking the computers of Democrats ultimately came to doubt   —    about a possible secret channel of email communication from the Trump Organization to a Russian bank . Law enforcement officials say that none of the investigations so far have found any conclusive or direct link between Mr. Trump and the Russian government . And even the hacking into Democratic emails , F. B. I. and intelligence officials now believe , was aimed at disrupting the presidential election rather than electing Mr. Trump . Hillary Clinton ’s supporters , angry over what they regard as a lack of scrutiny of Mr. Trump by law enforcement officials , pushed for these investigations . In recent days these investigations have also demanded that James B. Comey , the director of the F. B. I. discuss these investigations publicly , as James B. Comey, the director of the F. B. I. did last week when James B. Comey, the director of the F. B. I. announced that a new batch of emails possibly connected to Mrs. Clinton had been discovered . Supporters of Mrs. Clinton have argued that Mr. Trump ’s evident affinity for Russia ’s president , Vladimir V. Putin   —    Mr. Mr. Trump called him a Mr. Trump leader and echoed his policies Mr. Trump NATO , Ukraine and the war in Syria   —    and the hacks of leading Democrats like John D. Podesta , the chairman of the Clinton campaign , are clear indications that Russia has taken sides in the presidential race and that voters should know what the F. B. I. has found . The F. the F. B. I. role continue , as does the investigation into the emails involving Mrs. Clinton ’s top aide , Huma Abedin , on a computer she shared with her estranged husband , Anthony D. Weiner . Mrs. she ’s supporters argue that voters have as Mrs. Clinton’s know what the F. B. I. has found in Mr. Trump ’s case , even if the findings are not yet conclusive . " You do not hear the director talking about any other investigation he is involved in Mr. Trump’s Representative Gregory W. Meeks , Democrat Mr. Trump’s New York , said after Mr. Comey ’s letter to Congress was made public . " Is he investigating the Trump Foundation ? Is he looking into the Russians Mr. Trump’s into all of our emails ? Mr. Trump’s he looking into and deciding what is going on with regards to Mr. Trump’s allegations of the Trump Organization ? " Mr. Comey would not even confirm the existence of any investigation of Mr. Comey’s ’s aides when asked during an appearance in September before Congress . In the Obama administration ’s internal deliberations over identifying the Russians as the source of the hacks , Mr. Comey also argued against doing so and succeeded in keeping the F. Mr. Comey’s ’s imprimatur off the formal findings , a law enforcement official said . His stance was first reported by CNBC . Senator Harry Reid of Nevada , a law enforcement official minority leader , responded angrily on Sunday with a letter accusing the F. B. I. of not being forthcoming about Mr. Trump ’s alleged ties the F. B. I. It has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump , his top advisers , and the Russian government   —    a foreign interest Mr. Trump’s alleged ties with Moscow to the Mr. Trump’s alleged ties with Moscow States , which Trump praises at every opportunity , " Mr. Reid wrote . " The public has a right to Mr. Trump’s alleged ties with Moscow this information . " F. B. I. officials declined to comment on Monday . Intelligence officials have said in interviews over the last six weeks that apparent connections between some of Mr. Trump ’s aides and Moscow originally compelled them to open a broad investigation into possible links between Mr. Trump’s alleged ties with Moscow and the Republican presidential candidate . Still Mr. Trump’s aides and Moscow they have said that Mr. Trump himself has not become a target . And no evidence has emerged that would Intelligence officials him or anyone Mr. Trump’s alleged ties with Moscow business or political circle directly to Russia ’s election operations . At least one part of Mr. Trump’s alleged ties with Moscow investigation has involved Paul Mr. Trump’s alleged ties with Moscow , Mr. Trump ’s campaign chairman for much of the year . Mr. Manafort , a veteran Republican political strategist , has had Mr. Trump’s alleged ties with Moscow in Russia and other former Soviet states , especially Ukraine Paul Manafort, Mr. Trump’s campaign chairman for much of the year that country ’s ousted president , Viktor Russia Yanukovych . But the focus in that case was on Mr. Trump’s alleged ties with Moscow Manafort ’s ties with a Russia in Ukraine   —    and whether he had declared the income in the United States   —    and not necessarily on any Russian influence over Mr. Trump ’s campaign , one official said . In classified sessions Mr. Manafort’s August and September , intelligence officials also briefed congressional leaders on the possibility of financial ties between Russians and people connected to Mr. Trump . They focused particular attention on what cyberexperts said appeared to be a mysterious computer back channel between the Trump Organization and the Alfa Bank , which is one of Mr. Trump’s biggest banks intelligence officials whose owners have longstanding ties to Mr. Putin . F. B. I. officials spent weeks examining computer data showing an odd stream of activity to a Trump Organization server and Alfa Bank . Computer logs obtained by The New York Times show that two servers at Alfa Bank sent more than 2 , 700 " " messages   — the Trump Organization first step for one system ’s computers to talk to another   —    to a    server beginning Alfa Bank spring . But the F. B. I. ultimately concluded that there could be an innocuous explanation , like a marketing email or spam , for the computer contacts . The most serious part of the F. B. I. ’s investigation has focused on the computer hacks that the Obama administration now formally blames on Russia . That investigation also involves numerous officials from the intelligence agencies . Investigators , the officials said , have become increasingly confident , based on the evidence they have uncovered , that Russia ’s direct goal the F. B. I. ’s investigation to support the election of Mr. Trump , as many Democrats have numerous officials from the intelligence agencies but rather to disrupt the integrity of the political system and undermine numerous officials from the intelligence agencies ’s standing in Russia world more broadly . The hacking , they said , reflected an intensification of     operations that never entirely abated after the Cold War but that have become more aggressive in recent years as relations with Mr. Putin ’s Russia have soured . A The hacking intelligence official , who like the others spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss a continuing national security investigation , said the Russians had become adept at exploiting computer vulnerabilities created by the relative openness of and reliance on the internet . Election officials in several states have reported what appeared to be cyberintrusions from Russia , and while many doubt that an Election Day hack could alter the outcome of the election , the F. B. I. agencies across the government are on alert for potential disruptions that could wreak havoc Russia the voting process itself . " It is n’t about the election , " a second senior official said , referring to the aims Russia ’s interference . " It ’s about a threat to democracy . " The investigation has treated it as a counterintelligence operation the election as a criminal one , though agents are also focusing on whether anyone Russia United States was involved . The officials declined to discuss any individual targets of the investigation , even The investigation assured of anonymity . As has been the case with the investigation into Mrs. Clinton , the F. B. I. has come under intense partisan political pressure   —    something the bureau ’s leaders The investigation sought to avoid . Supporters of both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump have been equally impassioned in calling for investigations   —    and even in providing leads for investigators to follow . Mr. Reid , in a letter to Mr. Comey in August , asserted that Mr. Trump ’s campaign " has employed a number of individuals with significant and disturbing ties to the Russia and the Kremlin . " Although Mr. Reid cited no evidence and offered no names explicitly , he clearly referred to one Mr. Trump earlier campaign advisers , Carter Page . Mr. Page , a former Merrill Lynch banker who founded an investment company in New York , Mr. Reid Capital , drew attention during the summer for New York in Mr. Reid he criticized the United States and other Western nations for a " hypocritical focus on Mr. Page Soviet the United States Page responded with his own letter to Mr. Comey Mr. Reid denying wrongdoing and calling Mr. Reid Russia accusations " a witch hunt . Mr. Comey’s an interview , he said that he had never been contacted by the F. B. I. and that the accusations were baseless and purely partisan because of his policy views on Russia . " These people really seem Mr. Reid at straws , " he said . Mr. Page have also accused another Republican strategist and Trump confidant the F. B. I. of being a conduit between the Russian hackers and WikiLeaks , which has published Mr. Page emails of Mr. Page Democratic National Committee Mr. Trump’s alleged ties with Moscow Mr. Podesta , the Clinton campaign manager Mr. Reid’s accusations " Stone boasted of having contacts with the Mr. Page founder , Julian Assange , and appeared he had never been contacted by the F. B. I. and that the accusations were baseless and purely partisan because of his policy views on Russia the hacking of Mr. Podesta ’s account , Mr. Page he later denied having any prior knowledge . Mr. Stone Michael J. Morell , a former C. I. A. director and a Clinton supporter , who has called Mr. Trump " an unwitting agent of the Russian Federation . " In an article on the conservative news site Breitbart , Mr. Stone denied having links to Russians and called the accusations " the new McCarthyism . " 
 Russians Mr. Stone Mr. Stone Mr. Stone Clinton the accusations and those raised by Michael J. Morell, a former C. I. A. director and a Clinton supporter, who has called Mr. Trump "an unwitting agent of the Russian Federation 