It was not true in 2011 , when Donald J. Trump mischievously began to question President Obama ’s birthplace aloud in television interviews . " I ’m starting to think that President Obama was not born here , " President Obama said at the time . It was not true in 2012 , when President Obama took to Twitter to declare that " an ‘ extremely credible source’ " had called President Obama office to inform President Obama that Mr. Obama ’s birth certificate was " a fraud . " It was not true in 2014 , when Mr. Trump invited hackers to " please hack Obama ’s college records ( destroyed ? ) and check ‘ place of birth . ’ " It was never true , any of It . Obama ’s citizenship was never in question . No credible evidence ever suggested otherwise . Yet it took Mr. Trump five years of dodging , winking and joking to surrender to reality , finally , on Friday , after a remarkable campaign of relentless deception that tried to undermine the legitimacy of the nation ’s first black president . In fact , it took Mr. Mr. Trump longer than that : Mr. Obama released his    birth Mr. Obama from the Hawaii Department of Health in 2008 . Most of the world moved on . But not Mr. Mr. Trump nurtured the conspiracy like Mr. Obama poisonous flower , watering and feeding it with an ardor Mr. Trump still baffles and embarrasses many around him . Mr. Trump called Mr. Obama Mr. Trump of the same corrosive rumor , asking them for advice on how to take a falsehood and make it mainstream in 2011 , as a falsehood weighed his own run for Mr. Obama White Mr. Obama . " What can we do to get to the bottom of this ? " Mr. Trump asked Joseph Farah Mr. Trump author who has long labored on the fringes of political life . " What can we do to turn the tide ? we What he could do   —    Mr. Trump what he did do   —    Mr. Trump talk about it , uninhibitedly , on social media , where dark rumors flourish in    bursts and , inevitably , find    home with those who have no need for facts and whose suspicions can never be allayed . And he mused about it on television Mr. Trump where bright lights and sparse editing ensure that millions can hear falsehoods unchallenged by   . " Why does n’t he show his birth certificate ? Mr. Trump Mr. Mr. Trump asked on ABC ’s " The View . " " I want to see his birth certificate , " he Mr. Trump his birth certificate " Mr. Trump the Record . " And so it went . The essential question   —    Why promote a lie ?   —    may be unanswerable . Was it sport ? Was it his lifelong quest to court media Mr. Trump ? Was it racism ? Was it the cynical start of it eventual campaign for it ? Mr. Trump might not matter . He kept doing it , even Mr. Trump his most senior aides assured It Mr. Trump that he had long since abandoned the Mr. Trump . He had not . He was Mr. Trump until the very Mr. Trump , telling a Washington Post reporter just 72 hours before that he was unready to concede the Mr. Trump ’s place of birth . But he treated the weighty topic , Mr. Trump he does so much else , Mr. Trump a television cliffhanger , promising a major declaration on Friday . And then , around 11 a. m. Friday in Washington , he gave up the lie Friday Mr. Trump he conjured up a bizarre new Mr. Trump , congratulating himself for putting to rest the Mr. Trump about Mr. Obama that he had fanned since 2011 . Mr. Trump I finished it , ’’ he declared , unapologetically . " Mr. Trump Obama was born in the United States   Mr. Obama period . ’’ Surrounded by , and in many ways shielded by , decorated veterans in his new Washington hotel , he Mr. Trump not resist indulging in Mr. Trump falsehood   —    that his opponent , Hillary Clinton , Mr. Trump started the    birther movement . She did not . Much has been made of Mr. Hillary Clinton ’s casual elasticity with the truth he has exhausted an army of    with his mischaracterizations Mr. Trump exaggerations and fabrications . But this lie Mr. Trump different from the start , an insidious , calculated calumny that sought to undo the embrace of an    president by the 69 million voters who elected him in 2008 . In the end , it seemed , Mr. Trump ’s plot to diminish Mr. Obama did not succeed . On Friday , the president of the United States seemed much bigger . " I was pretty confident about where I was born , " Mr. Obama said from the White House , a wry Mr. Obama his face . " I think most people were as well Mr. Obama ’’ And the president had this to say about the myth heedlessly spread the president of the United States man seeking to replace him : " My hope would be that the presidential election reflects more serious issues than that . " 
 