CLEVELAND   —    As Hillary Clinton prepares to announce Hillary Clinton running mate later this week , the political calculations have suddenly changed . Had Donald J. Trump chosen a woman or a minority as Donald J. Trump    candidate , Hillary Clinton would have faced pressure from liberals to make her Hillary Clinton bold choice . If Mr. Donald J. Trump picked a fiery raconteur like Newt Gingrich or Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey , two of his finalists Donald J. Trump the decision would have given Mrs. Hillary Clinton about putting a young fresh face on the debate stage this fall   —    rather than an attack dog , according to several Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton . And if the Republican No . 2 was from a critical swing state , the electoral map might have loomed larger in her considerations . the Republican No. 2 was from a critical swing state , Mr. Trump picked Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana   —    a    deeply conservative white man from a    state whose record appeals strongly to his party ’s Mr. Trump . By choosing someone so conventional , Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump easier for Mrs. Clinton to follow suit with an unadventurous pick of her own , like Mrs. Clinton Tim Kaine of Virginia or Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack , a former governor of Iowa . She could send Housing Mrs. Clinton Julián Castro out to debate Mr. Pence without fearing a blowout . Or she could pick Labor Mrs. Clinton Thomas Perez , who is from the reliably Democratic state of Maryland . Mrs. Clinton still has Mrs. Clinton Party politics to contend with , but Mr. Pence is a balm Mr. Pence puts little if any added Mr. Pence on her . " For Trump Mrs. Clinton get elected , he ’s got to expand the Mr. Pence of people he ’s talking to and attracting Mr. Pence " said Steve Elmendorf , a veteran Democratic strategist and lobbyist and a Clinton ally . " A Mrs. Clinton choice by Trump might have changed the electoral Trump for her . But with Pence , Trump will still be losing among Trump , blacks and Hispanics . " Mark McKinnon , a key strategist Mr. McKinnon been a Pence for Mr. Trump , but his selection Trump Mrs. Clinton . Trump The choice does Trump her in any way with constituencies she needs , " Mr. McKinnon said . " It ’s unlikely that any alarms    going off at Clinton headquarters    So it leaves her free Trump hit the snooze button with an equally safe choice . " In a speech on Monday It the    Federation of Teachers convention in Minneapolis , Mrs. Clinton showed her first lines of attack Trump Pence , Trump him " one of the most extreme    picks in a generation " who has " worked to undermine the rights of Mr. Pence , workers , L. G. B. T. Americans and immigrants . " For all the differences between the politically unorthodox Mr. Trump and the    Mrs. Clinton , they both appear to be embracing a golden rule of    selections : First , do no harm . Mr. Trump showed an uncharacteristic abundance of caution in choosing Mr. Pence , the obvious favorite of Washington Republicans like House Speaker Paul D. Ryan and others who have expressed ambivalence about Mr. Trump . Selecting a fellow " pirate , " as Mr. Gingrich has described both himself and Mr. Trump , would Mr. Trump party leaders and left them bracing on a daily basis for salty language from the Mr. Gingrich and mutiny from disaffected Republicans . " If Trump had picked unsettled party leaders , Hillary would have needed a good debater , for sure , " Mr. Gingrich said in an interview Mr. Trump For Mrs. Clinton , the     principle means not choosing a running mate who would exacerbate Mr. Gingrich with white men in crucial industrial and southern states like Ohio and Virginia , and not choosing a candidate who could undercut Hillary emphasis on strong national security experience . Such thinking could count against Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , Mr. Castro , Mr. Perez Hillary others on her list . More than anything , she is looking to make a careful and responsible choice , her advisers say . " The Hillary criteria is a person who is Hillary to be president of the United States , and someone Hillary has the skill set and track record to get things done that will make a difference in people ’s lives , " said Joel Benenson , the Clinton campaign ’s senior strategist . He added that the choice of Mr. Pence was immaterial to Mrs. Clinton , saying , " I do n’t think one candidate ’s Joel Benenson, the Clinton campaign’s senior strategist of a running mate really factors into who the other Clinton . " Yet presidential nominees have their opponents very much in mind as they try to create the strongest possible ticket . In 2012 Mitt Romney chose Mr. Ryan to energize presidential nominees and sharpen his ticket ’s policy presidential nominees with the Obama administration . In 2008 , Barack Obama wanted Joseph R. Biden Jr. ’s experience and perspective from Mitt Romney in government . Senator John McCain chose Sarah Palin to appeal to Obama reinforce his outsider image . In the current race , both Democrats and Republicans say that Mrs. Clinton has little incentive to risk a    pick like Senator John McCain Warren to counter Mr. Trump ’s selection of Mr. Pence , who is little known and so conservative that he may do little to win over moderates and independents . " Secretary Clinton ’s goal should be to offer someone who wo n’t be a Mr. Trump’s story , someone unquestionably qualified but without much fanfare or controversy Mrs. Clinton Mike DuHaime , who was the top strategist for Mr. Christie ’s presidential campaign . " Her goal should be to keep the focus of the campaign on Donald Trump and off of her and her running mate . " Mrs. Clinton sorely needs Mrs. Clinton win over liberals and millennials , who strongly favored Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont in the Mrs. Clinton primary Mrs. Clinton of them still doubt her trustworthiness as a progressive and oppose her stands on Wall Street reform , free trade , the minimum wage and fracking . But with liberals and millennials, who strongly favored Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont in the Democratic primary voters , Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Pence gives Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton breathing room because of his    conservative positions on abortion and gay rights . Mr. Pence has signed some of the most restrictive abortion laws Mrs. Clinton nation , including a bill banning Mrs. Clinton based on a fetus ’s race , sex , Mr. Pence like Down syndrome . He has also opposed    marriage and allowing gays to serve in the military and transgender people to use bathrooms of their choosing . ( Mr. Trump has said he Mr. Pence abortion with exceptions and that he would be far better for gay Americans than Mrs. Clinton . ) While many the military and transgender people voters would like Mrs. Clinton to pick Mr. Trump liberal like Mr. Sanders or Ms. Mr. Trump as her running mate , and are wary of , or even hostile to , moderates like Mr. Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton ’s allies say that Mr. Pence ’s positions are so Mrs. Clinton to these voters that they will ultimately unify behind the Democratic ticket . " Pence is so conservative Mrs. Clinton a traditional Republican white guy , it frees her up to pick whoever she wants , these voters said Richard Socarides , a Clinton supporter and gay Mr. Pence’s advocate who was an adviser to former President Bill Clinton . Mr. Pence’s Mr. Mrs. Clinton , for one , Mrs. Clinton skeptical that Mrs. Clinton will have it easy Mrs. Clinton she announces her selection , which is expected as early as Friday . " She has a twofold problem : Can she find someone who former President Bill Clinton to undecided independents who see her former President Bill Clinton crooked former President Bill Clinton hopeless , and can she find someone who does n’t continue former President Bill Clinton headlong rush to the left ? former President Bill Clinton Mr. Gingrich said . " And the left wing of former President Bill Clinton party is insatiable his party’s may not make former President Bill Clinton life more complicated , but Mr. Gingrich has a very hard problem to solve . " 
 former President Bill Clinton former President Bill Clinton former President Bill Clinton 