All eyes were on Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana as Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana accepted the vice presidential nomination at the Republican National Convention on Wednesday , the Republican National Convention third night , and made the case for Donald J. Trump as a Christian and a conservative .   Keeping in the line of " Making America " something , the night ’s theme was " Making America First Again , " and featured speeches by Newt Gingrich , the former House speaker Eric Trump , one of Donald J. Trump sons and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , one of his former rivals . The highlights : • If you were waiting for the usual kind of convention speech , you just saw it . Mr. Pence , the nominee for vice president , delivered what may have been the only speech that closely resembled the typical presentation at a nominating convention . He thanked his family He introduced his wife He lauded his    He off policy ideas , made a few jokes and expressed optimism about the country and his party He chances to win in November . " It ’s change versus the status quo , and when Donald Trump is president , the change will be huge , " Mr. Pence said . He criticized Donald Trump Clinton and the Democratic Party , describing them as Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party entrenched in power . " He closed Donald Trump Day 3 of the convention by declaring , " We have but one choice "   —    to elect Donald Trump the 45th president . _ _ _ _ _ • After an extended and often soaring speech focusing on notes of freedom and American conservative ideals , Mr. Cruz refused to specifically call for Mr. Trump Donald Trump the 45th president despite repeated shouts from the crowd to endorse him , including " Mr. Cruz want Trump ! " He chided the crowd Mr. Cruz said the crowd Do n’t stay home in November , " but he also told them Mr. Cruz " vote their the crowd . " As the crowd Cruz wrapped up Mr. Cruz remarks , Mr. Mr. Cruz emerged from Donald Trump the 45th president entrance , waving to the crowd . He joined his family the crowd V. Donald Trump the 45th president P. box , as both the crowd and every television camera cut from Mr. Cruz just as he was Mr. Cruz crescendo Donald Trump the 45th president his remarks . He closed Donald Trump the 45th president , " Donald Trump the 45th president bless America " on a split screen , as the cameras had shifted to Mr. Trump , who in a rare spontaneous moment at the often orchestrated conventions , stole the show from Mr. Cruz once more . _ _ Mr. Cruz _ • Mr. Gingrich took the stage after a brief introduction by his wife , Callista , and attempted to clean up Mr. Gingrich    by Mr. Cruz that sent the night into momentary Mr. Cruz Citing Mr. Cruz ’s line that " you can vote Mr. Cruz , " Mr. Gingrich offered " to paraphrase Ted Cruz : if you want Mr. Gingrich the Constitution Mr. Cruz United States , the only possible choice is the    Republican ticket . " He then transitioned to a long list of national security failures Mr. Cruz portraying Mr. Trump as the only candidate who can handle the foreign Mr. Cruz facing the country , before returning to a closing call for unity . _ _ _ the United States • Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin , a    Trump rival , declared that Americans should choose Mr. Walker deserves better Mr. Cruz Mr. Walker said he had always been clear that he would support any Republican against Mrs. Clinton in the general election . Fact Check : He was never an Mr. Walker Trump fan . Mr. Walker Mr. Walker Mr. Cruz ahead of the Mrs. Clinton , and later expressed disappointment that Mr. Trump Mr. Walker be the party ’s   . " Mr. Walker just sad in America that we have such poor choices right now , " Mr. Walker said then . _ _ _ _ _ • Senator Marco Rubio of Florida , another former Trump rival , once called Mr. Trump a Mr. Walker man , " and worse , as he fought a Mr. Rubio a brief video Mr. Trump that " the time for fighting each other is over . Mr. Trump The video was hardly full of enthusiasm , but he did urge voters to choose Mr. Trump over Mrs. Clinton . _ _ _ _ _ • Eric Trump , one of Mr. Trump ’s sons , offered a passionate a brief video speech on behalf Mr. Trump father , describing Mr. Rubio as the candidate who is running to make the lives of ordinary Mr. Trump The elder Trump sat in the audience for his son ’s remarks , clapping occasionally but appearing to express displeasure as the large Mr. Rubio behind Eric Trump Mr. Rubio to malfunction . Eric Trump said his Mr. Trump ran for president because he could " Mr. Rubio bear witness " to America ’s decline Mr. Rubio He urged people to vote for his father , a man who " ca n’t be bought , sold , purchased , bribed Eric Trump or his father Eric Trump _ _ _ _ _ Eric Trump Laura Ingraham , the conservative radio    host , energized the crowd Eric Trump verbal attacks on two targets Eric Trump Mrs. Clinton and the media . Ms. Ingraham called her the " woman who helped orchestrate America ’s decline , " and she drew chants of " Lock her up ! " when she said that " many in public office do n’t enforce or respect the rule of law   —    is n’t that Ms. Ingraham , Mrs. Clinton ? " She America’s the media her " friends Ms. Ingraham " but she accused journalists Ms. Ingraham not reporting on " Ms. Ingraham phonies , the frauds and the corruption that has gone unexposed and uncovered for too long . " _ _ _ _ _ • Ms. Ingraham , the attorney Ms. Ingraham the media , emphasized Ms. Ingraham laws " in her remarks Ms. Ingraham using that theme to call attention to the fatal shooting of three police officers in Baton Rouge , La. on Sunday . She drove home her riff by saying , " now more than ever , laws that back our law enforcement . They have our Ms. Ingraham , and Donald Trump will have your backs . " _ _ _ _ _ • Eileen Collins , the first woman to lead Ms. Ingraham space shuttle Ms. Ingraham , may be the only speaker at the convention to appear onstage without once mentioning the Republican Party , our Trump , Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Obama or any other politicians . Instead , on the 47th anniversary of Neil Armstrong ’s walk on the moon , Ms. Collins offered a gauzy appeal for America to be a " nation of explorers . " One thing she never said : Support Mr. Trump for president . _ _ _ _ _ • Mr. Trump is extremely unpopular with the Hispanic population , as numerous polls have shown , but he is not without support in the community . Ralph Alvarado , a Mr. Trump English and in Spanish , why Hispanics should back Mr. Trump against Mrs. Clinton . " Hispanics believe what Republicans believe , " he declared , listing off " religious liberty , " support of Mr. Trump Second Amendment and free speech as key examples . In Spanish , he addressed his " hermanos Hispanos , " or Hispanic brothers , saying that their families had fled countries that were Mr. Trump corruption , and urging them to not let that corruption plague the United Mr. Trump . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Spanish his "hermanos Hispanos," or Hispanic brothers their families 