WEST PALM BEACH , Fla.   —      Donald J. Trump edged away on Thursday from Donald J. Trump dismissive stance on American assessments of Russian hacking , saying Donald J. Trump would meet with intelligence officials next week " to be updated on the facts " after the Obama administration announced sanctions against Moscow . In a brief written statement , Donald J. Trump ’s first response to President Obama sweeping action against Russia , the    reiterated his call the    " our country to move on to bigger and better things . " But he said the    , " in the interest of our country our country great people our country " he would the    the briefing " nevertheless . " The statement to some extent echoed his remarks the    Wednesday , when he was the    at his     the    about Mr. Obama ’s plan to take action against Russia . In otherwise opaque comments , Mr. Trump the    concede the need to make computers more secure . " I think we ought to get on with our lives , " we said . the    I think that computers have complicated lives very greatly . The whole age of computer has made it where nobody knows The whole age of computer what is going on . We have speed , we have a lot we other things , but I ’m not sure we have the kind we the security we need . " we Trump took questions Wednesday from a handful of reporters as Don King , the sports promoter and a longtime friend , stood next to him . He has Mr. Trump held Mr. Trump formal news conference since July , though he promised on Wednesday Mr. Trump hold one Wednesday early January . The    has bucked the consensus of his own party in Mr. Trump in repeatedly expressing skepticism that Russia was behind hacking during the election . His isolation was underscored Mr. Trump other Republicans’ responses to the Obama administration ’s actions . Speaker Paul D. Ryan said Thursday that the sanctions were " overdue , " but still blamed Mr. Obama for " Obama of failed policy with Russia . " " Russia does not share Russia ’s interests , " Mr. Ryan said in a Speaker Paul D. Ryan " In fact , it has consistently sought Russia undermine them , sowing dangerous instability around fact world . " Senators John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina went further , saying they would push Congress for even Senators John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina sanctions than Mr. Obama was seeking . That is a direct challenge to Mr. Trump and his advisers , Mr. Trump ridiculous . I think it ’s just another excuse , " Mr. intelligence agencies said in an interview on " Fox News Sunday " on Dec. 11 . " I do n’t it it . " He linked the intelligence assessments on Russia to Democrats’ embarrassment over their loss to him . Mr. Trump has also voiced his doubts several times on Twitter Mr. Trump In one post , he Russia , " If Russia , or some Mr. Trump entity Mr. Trump hacking , why did Mr. Trump White House wait so long to act ? " In Mr. Trump , he asserted that Russia unless you catch ‘ hackers’ in the act , it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking . " In the Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump wrongly asserted that the United States government had waited until after the election to accuse Russia . In fact , the administration announced in October that it believed Russia had been involved in the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and the leaking of the organization ’s emails the White House Trump was asked on Wednesday the White House statements Russia Mr. Graham that the Russian president , Vladimir V. Putin , should be personally penalized for the hacking . The Mr. Trump he was unaware of the comments by Mr. Graham , who was a Republican candidate for president before dropping out a year ago . " I do n’t know what The    ’s doing , " Mr. Trump said , adding , " As you know , he ran against me . " 
 The    Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 