( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Federal health officials advised pregnant women to avoid a second area of    County where the Zika virus is spreading . The new zone includes South Beach , the tourist mecca of Miami Beach , above . Federal health officials also sounded the alarm about the the Zika virus possible spread in a much larger area of South Florida . " All it takes is one mosquito bite to change the entire course of our lives , " a worried pregnant woman said . Here ’s what travelers need to know . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Donald Trump ’s campaign lost its chairman campaign Paul Manafort , another bump in a tumultuous week for his team . Mr. Trump Donald Trump Rouge with his running mate Donald Trump Mike Pence , to offer consolation and draw attention to what many in    Louisiana feel has been a lack of media and presidential attention . President Obama , who has been in Martha ’s Vineyard on a family vacation , plans to visit Baton Rouge on Baton Rouge In our latest campaign podcast , the author of " Hillbilly Elegy , " a memoir of growing up as part of the white underclass , explains Mr. Trump ’s political rise . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . The faltering of Mr. Trump ’s campaign Mr. Trump’s to press for action on President Obama ’s nomination of Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court . Separately , F. B. I. documents given to Congress this week show that Hillary Clinton told investigators that former Secretary of State Colin Powell had advised her to use a personal email Hillary Clinton . Above , a meeting in 2014 . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . " I want to apologize for my behavior last weekend   —    for not being more careful and candid , " the Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte posted . He was referring to his account Ryan Lochte a gunpoint robbery Ryan Lochte Rio , which has been contradicted by witnesses , including teammates , who say he had a clash with employees Ryan Lochte a gas station that he was drunkenly vandalizing . The Ryan Lochte did little to soothe angry Brazilians . " He ’s still portraying himself as Ryan Lochte victim , " Ryan Lochte a sports commentator . " So much arrogance . " _ _ _ _ _ 5 . The Rio Olympics are speeding toward Sunday ’s closing ceremony , with just a few focal events left . One is the women ’s 800 meters on Saturday night , with   the South African runner Caster Semenya heavily favored to win . She still faces sporadic backbiting over the South African runner Caster Semenya she has a hormonal advantage over the South African runner Caster Semenya . The U. S. won the women ’s    relay on the women taking a final for which they almost did not qualify . Usain the women won three sprinting gold medals for the third straight Olympic Games , helping Jamaica to victory in the 4x100 relay . The U. S. women ’s water polo the women consecutive gold medal , and the U. S. the women ’s basketball team advanced to Sunday The U. S. Russia won in synchronized swimming . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Russia fired cruise missiles into Syria from warships in the Mediterranean for Russia first time , intensifying its efforts to turn back insurgent forces . The missiles , aimed Russia Aleppo , came days after Russia began flying bombing missions from an Iranian base . _ _ Russia _ _ 7 . The former Navy SEAL who wrote an account of the raid that killed Osama bin Laden apologized for failing to clear his disclosures with the Pentagon . Matt Bissonnette , who wrote under Osama bin Laden pen name Mark Owen , agreed to forfeit $ 6 . 8 million in book royalties and speaking fees , hoping to settle more than two years of investigations . " I acknowledge my mistake and have paid a stiff price , both personally and financially , for that error , " he said in a statement . The deal awaits court approval . Osama bin Laden _ _ _ _ 8 . In theaters this weekend : Natalie Portman ’s " elegant and intimate " directing debut , " A Tale of Love and Darkness , " based on a memoir by the Israeli novelist Amos Oz . If you ’d rather hang by the small screen , Amazon Prime has " Mission Impossible   —    Rogue Nation . " Our reviewers recommend nine new books , including Colson Whitehead ’s daring novel , " The Underground Railroad , " and Jules Feiffer ’s latest graphic novel , " Cousin Joseph . " Foodies might want to try our recipe for creamy tomato gazpacho with crunchy pecorino . _ _ Foodies _ _ 9 . And finally , here ’s an idea for an alternative vacation : a voyage on a freighter along the most traveled inland waterway in the U. S. a    corridor that connects the Atlantic Ocean with the Great Lakes and the Mississippi . Travelers stay in private cabins , taking shore leave while the crew loads , unloads or navigates locks . During his passage of Lake Ontario , our travel writer observed , " The air was still and the view ahead was so wide I could see the curvature of the earth . " Have a great weekend .   _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , Your Evening Briefing Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 our 