Donald J. Trump plans to announce Donald J. Trump running mate before the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this month , and has started an " Apprentice "   search   —    meeting with possible candidates one by one and then posting on Twitter about it . ( On Monday , Donald J. Trump even praised on Twitter Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas , a    running mate whom some Republicans nonetheless like because of Donald J. Trump military service . ) Below is a look at the four potential candidates for vice president whom the Trump campaign has already begun vetting : Why Trump would choose him Trump After dropping out of the Republican primary contest , Mr. Christie was one of Mr. Trump endorsers   —    the sort of loyalty that goes far in his world . Mr. Christie Christie has Mr. Christie as a key figure behind the scenes , including running Mr. Trump ’s Trump Mr. Trump has said he Trump to choose someone Trump government experience , and Mr. Christie ’s leadership of a traditionally Mr. Christie , where he has pushed legislation through the New Jersey Mr. Christie House , could help in working with a deeply divided Congress . Mr. Christie himself is also brash enough to Mr. Christie personality at the top of the ticket . Possible downside : Mr. Christie is still dealing with fallout from the George Mr. Christie    scandal . Mr. Trump has also seemed dismissive of Mr. Christie at times on the campaign trail , once ordering Mr. Christie to the plane after the governor had finished introducing the Mr. Trump businessman . And Jared Kushner Mr. Christie Trump ’s     who wields an increasingly influential role behind the scenes Mr. Trump campaign team , has a fraught relationship with Mr. Christie , who as a prosecutor helped send his father to jail . _ _ _ _ _ Why Mr. Trump would Mr. Trump her : A    mom from a socially conservative state Mr. Trump Ernst electrified the Mr. Trump establishment with her election to the Senate in 2014 , and quickly emerged as one of the Mr. Trump ’s rising stars and fresh faces . During her Senate bid , she garnered attention with an ad about pig castration and her Mr. Trump the Senate make the Mr. Trump in Washington " squeal "   —    an Mr. Trump ethos that matches that of Mr. Trump . She is an Iraq war veteran and retired National Guard lieutenant colonel , which could Mr. Trump military and foreign policy experience   —    two areas in which Mr. Trump is lacking . And as a woman , she could help him shore Mr. Trump standing with female voters among whom Mr. Trump Mr. Trump far behind Hillary Mr. Trump in polls Mr. Trump Possible downside : Elected to the Mr. Trump two years ago , Ms. Ernst lacks a deep breadth of national governing experience . She was a disciplined if carefully managed candidate during her Senate bid , and it is unclear Ms. Ernst she can withstand not just the media scrutiny Ms. Ernst the Senate the vice presidential pick , but also Ms. Ernst general chaos of the Trump operation . _ _ _ _ _ Why Mr. Trump would choose him : A former speaker of the House and Republican congressman from Georgia Trump decades , Mr. Trump brings the governing experience and Washington    that Mr. Trump says he wants in a running Trump Mr. Gingrich also seems eager for the job , Trump the intellectual Trump fides and dynamic personality to handle Trump Mr. Trump as his running mate . Possible downside : Mr. Gingrich was perhaps the most public face of partisan warfare Trump Clintons during Trump 1990s , and was ultimately forced Trump his speakership after an ethics violation and poor showing from Republicans in the 1998 midterm elections . He is also a    convert Trump Catholicism . _ _ _ _ _ Why Trump would choose him : Mr. Pence , Trump popular governor of a Rust Belt swing state   —    President Obama narrowly won Indiana in Trump Mitt Romney , the Republican candidate , won it 2012   —    is a favorite among social conservatives , and could help reassure a Republican base still skeptical about Mr. Trump ’s credentials . Mr. Pence has twice toyed with a presidential run , and is locked in a close    fight Trump , a Democrat and former speaker of Indiana ’s House of Representatives , making a place on Mr. Trump ’s ticket potentially more appealing . Possible downside : Mr. Trump talks of expanding the electoral map and attracting a Mr. Pence disaffected Democrats , link those who originally Trump Bernie Sanders of Vermont . But Mr. Pence ’s socially conservative stances , especially on gay rights , could turn off some of those voters . He also endorsed Senator Ted Cruz of Texas in the Republican primary , but failed to deliver his home state . 
 Mr. Pence Senator Ted Cruz of Texas 