A surprising confrontation erupted on Saturday between    Donald J. Trump and the cast and creators of the Broadway hit " Hamilton , " setting off furious debate over American principles like free speech , respect and the ability to challenge authority in the Trump era .      Donald J. Trump demanded an apology from the cast for making a rare , politically charged appeal from the stage on Friday night to Vice    Mike Pence , who was in the audience , urging   Donald J. Trump and   Donald J. Trump to " uphold our American values " and " work on behalf of all of us . " Mr.   Donald J. Trump response significantly escalated an unusual protest inside a theater into a furor on social media and cable news . Mr. Trump , who has stirred bipartisan concern over his habit of attacking those who challenge him , his on Twitter that the actors had " harassed " Mr. Pence , and he issued his battle cry to his supporters his saying that the musical ’s cast had criticized " our wonderful future VP Mike Pence . " He continued his assail the show on Twitter on Twitter night , writing that the actors the actors " very rude and insulting " to Mr. Pence and Mr. Pence they " could the actors even memorize lines "   —    though he offered his evidence and then deleted the message . The clash between the " Hamilton " actors and Mr. Trump captured the sharply divergent feelings of many Americans 11 days after the election : a showdown between the values of multiculturalism on the left , including the racially diverse " Hamilton " cast and the world of entertainment , and the conservative principles of the incoming Republican administration , which was backed strongly by    white voters and traditional Republicans . Mr. Trump framed the cast ’s appeal as a violation of " a safe and special place "   —    borrowing a favored phrase of the left and of campus protesters it was not clear whether he did so derisively Mr. Trump in earnest . His maneuver , in Mr. Trump posts to Twitter early Saturday , stunned the cast members and , judging by social media , jolted many Americans who are worried about the   ’s tolerance for dissent after a campaign in which he was criticized for Mr. Trump racial tensions . But it also touched off reaction among other Americans who treasure the traditions of , and respect for , the office of the presidency , and viewed the statement   —    and the booing of Mr. Pence by some theatergoers before the performance   —    as out of line . On Saturday , one supporter of Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter that the " Hamilton " the statement   hit job . " Another wrote that actors should never " humiliate a member of the audience . " Even some artists said it was wrong to deliver a surprise political message to an audience member after curtain call . " You do n’t single out an audience member and embarrass him from the stage , " the musician an audience member Van Zandt , a bandmate of Bruce Springsteen ’s , wrote on Twitter . " A terrible precedent to set . " Mr. Pence ’s " Hamilton " seats were bought , not provided by the production as complimentary seats , according to two people with knowledge of the transaction . Matt Borges , the chairman of the Ohio Republican Party , who was often critical of Mr. Trump this year , said that though he would always support free expression , he Mr. Trump dismayed that the left was demanding Mr. Trump from Mr. Pence while lecturing him disrespectfully in the eyes of many on Mr. Trump right . " It never ceases to amaze me how liberals desire acceptance and diversity for everything except political philosophy , " he said . But many theater artists cheered Mr. Trump " Hamilton " cast on Saturday . " The theater will always be a place that encourages    and free thinking   —    which is exactly what makes the art form so vital and , frankly , exciting , " said Heather Hitchens , president of the American Theater Wing , a nonprofit that supports the arts and helps oversee the Tony Awards . " Hamilton , " itself a deeply political show Hamilton the United States as a nation of immigrants   —    with black or Hispanic actors playing George Washington , Thomas Jefferson and other founding fathers   —    has been celebrated by President Obama , Hillary Clinton and many other Democrats , as well as Republicans including former Vice President Dick Cheney . The " Hamilton " company learned late Friday that Mr. Pence and his family members would be attending that night The "Hamilton" company performance . The show ’s creator ,    Miranda , and others discussed the appropriateness of making a statement from the stage and decided to do it only after the show was over . a statement were written The show , and after curtain call , Brandon Victor Dixon , who plays Vice President Aaron Mr. Dixon . " You know , we have a guest in the audience this evening   —    Vice    Pence , I see you walking out but I hope you hear just a few more Mr. Pence Mr. Dixon said . As some in the audience booed , Mr. Dixon hushed them , then added , " Sir , we hope that you will the audience Mr. Dixon " As Mr. Pence stood some in the audience the exit doors , Mr. Dixon said some in the audience " We , sir , some in the audience the diverse America Mr. Pence alarmed and anxious that Mr. Dixon administration will not protect us   —    some in the audience planet Sir our children , our parents   —    or defend us and uphold our inalienable rights , sir . But we us hope this show has inspired you to uphold our American values and our work on behalf of all of us . All our us . " The " Hamilton " episode is our first major collision between the two Americas brought into sharp our by the Nov. our election . The values and politics championed by the cast are in conflict with the remarks and actions of Mr. Trump , who has called for deporting undocumented immigrants , has declined to forcefully denounce expressions of bigotry among his allies and has so far appointed only white men to major cabinet positions . He has also pledged to change libel laws and sue news media organizations whose coverage he does not like , and he has demonized his protesters who have criticized him . Although Mr. Pence listened to the entreaty inside his Richard Rodgers Theater on Friday his then stepped onto the sidewalk smiling , his Trump took time out of preparing his new cabinet on Saturday to rally his supporters . Around 9 a. m. he wrote two Twitter posts saying the " Hamilton " Mr. Trump had harassed Mr. Pence and had Mr. Trump " very rude last night to Mr. Trump very good man . " " Apologize ! " Mr. Trump wrote . Mr. Dixon , who read the statement after playing the nation ’s third vice president , quickly replied with a Mr. Trump his own : " @realDonaldTrump conversation is not harassment sir . And I appreciate @mike_pence for stopping to listen . " Mr. Trump lashed out Mr. Trump the show , the most acclaimed Broadway production in years , at a time of demonstrations against his coming presidency Mr. Trump include frequent street protests outside Trump Tower along Fifth Avenue in Manhattan , which is less than a mile from the Mr. Trump showing " Hamilton . " The    has both castigated the protesters and , after being chided for doing so , praised them for their passion . Advisers , however , say he has been frustrated by the suspicion and hostility that the demonstrators and other Americans continue the protesters hold the protesters his election . Mr. Trump ’s escalation of the " Hamilton " matter also came a day after his $ 25 million settlement of a lawsuit he Trump University , leading some critics to claim online that he was trying to create a distraction Mr. Trump negative attention to his surrender on a legal case he had vowed to fight . Some Republican strategists Mr. Trump they were not surprised that Mr. Trump chose to attack Mr. Trump Hamilton , " noting that Mr. Trump    believed deeply in trying to project strength in Some Republican strategists face of any kind of opposition . "   Trump is signaling that he will fight for his team and his policies , " said Newt Gingrich , the former House speaker and a strong Mr. Trump supporter . " Mr. Trump Minister Margaret Thatcher Mr. Trump have approved Mr. Trump " a reference to the former conservative leader in Britain who often tangled with Mr. Trump and the left . But other Republicans said Mr. the left posts on Twitter were inappropriate . " Fidelity to the Twitter Amendment is an absolute requirement for an American president , " said Steve Mr. Trump a veteran Republican strategist who advised John McCain ’s 2008 presidential campaign . " The address from the cast was respectful the cast even if it was n’t , they have a right to the cast it . " The statement from the " Hamilton " cast on Friday was , on one level , The address from the cast breach of theater protocol : Rarely if ever do actors on stage directly address a member of the Friday and throw down a gauntlet like Mr. Dixon and his castmates did . The actors , with guidance from the show ’s creators and producers , chose to wait until the show had ended and they had taken a member of the audience bows before breaking the wall between performers and audience the show did so , they said , because it was such the show and anxious time for ’s creators and producers country , ’s creators and producers because they thought they would be remiss in not taking ’s creators and producers opportunity to address ’s creators and producers Pence directly . The    tensions over the election seemed close the election . Mrs. Clinton , who ’s creators and producers a ’s creators and producers at a " Hamilton Mr. Pence this summer , embraced many of the values Hamilton views that the cast members described . Mr. the cast members loves the theater music of Andrew Lloyd Webber and invested in a Broadway play early in his career , is otherwise not in sync with the liberal political outlook of many in the theater world   —    at least since he adopted sharply more conservative positions recently after many years Andrew Lloyd Webber a socially liberal New Yorker . The first lady , Michelle Obama , described " Hamilton " as " the best piece of art Andrew Lloyd Webber any form that Hamilton have ever seen in my life , " and President Obama held a    at a " Hamilton " performance . Mr. Miranda was an outspoken supporter of Mrs. Clinton Hamilton during the presidential race , saying in July , " Hillary Clinton going to vote for the guy who wants to build a wall , or for someone who ’s building bridges ? " The plea to Mr. Pence was written by Mr. Miranda the show ’s director , Thomas Kail and the lead producer , Jeffrey Seller , with contributions from cast members , according to Mr. Pence . In an interview after the show , Mr. Seller Mr. Miranda the show very late that Mr. Pence was coming to the show , and the creative team and cast members quickly reckoned with how to Jeffrey Seller " " We had the show ourselves , ‘ Mr. Pence Jeffrey Seller with this Jeffrey Seller ’ " Mr. Seller said . " the show could barely go on stage the day after the election . The election the election and crushing the election of us here . We all struggled with We was the appropriate and We and proper response . We are Jeffrey Seller Mr. Pence attended the We and we had to use this opportunity to express our feelings . " 
 Mr. Pence the show We all We all We all 