With the ringing of a bell , the thousands who gathered in Lower Manhattan fell silent on Sunday , and all that could be heard was the water cascading in the reflecting pools where the World Trade Center towers once stood . It was 8:46 a. m. the moment when , 15 years earlier , a plane struck the north tower . Family members of the victims bowed Family members of the victims heads , some crying and embracing , while others stood tall , looking up at the overcast skies . About 8 , 000 people crowded the National September 11 Memorial plaza at the World Trade Center for what has become an annual ritual : the reading of the names of the 2 , 977 people killed in the terrorist attack of Sept. 11 , 2001 , and of the six killed in the bombing of the World Trade Center on Feb. 26 , 1993 . With the 15th anniversary falling on a Sunday , people turned out for the ceremony in much larger numbers than in previous years . But for the family members of the victims , it was another year of grief , and the pain was as raw as ever . " It feels like it ’s been It seconds , " said Tom Acquaviva , Mr. Acquaviva 29 years old , " too young , " Mr. Acquaviva said . Classical string Mr. Acquaviva played as mothers , fathers , siblings , children and other relatives read the names , one by one . Some paused to say a few words to their loved ones others offered updates on graduations , weddings and other milestones during the past 15 Some . The bell tolled five more times : at 9:03 , when a plane struck the south tower at 9:37 , when a plane hit the Pentagon at 9:59 , when the south tower collapsed at 10:03 , when a hijacked plane crashed in Shanksville , Pa. after the south tower revolt and at 10:28 , when the other tower fell . Both presidential candidates , Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton , attended the ceremony , though neither made public remarks and both agreed not to campaign for the day . A spurt of cheers welcomed Mr. Trump just before the ceremony started . An hour and a half into the ceremony , Mrs. Clinton Donald J. Trump and left to the ceremony her daughter ’s Manhattan apartment , according to a the ceremony Hillary Clinton campaign . Around 11:40 a. m. she emerged Hillary Clinton the apartment building on her own , waved to onlookers and Hillary Clinton she was " feeling great . Hillary Clinton At the Pentagon , President Obama Hillary Clinton his last address commemorating the 184 victims Hillary Clinton , and while his words were similar to remarks he has given before , they President Obama a clear rebuke to the divisive rhetoric coursing through the President Obama campaign . Mr. Obama said President Obama after the attacks , it was important for the country to defend not only its territory , " but President Obama ideals . " He said that groups like Al Qaeda and the Islamic State know that they the country not defeat a nation such as the United States President Obama so their attacks are intended to cause fear that leads Americans to groups like Al Qaeda and the Islamic State on one another and " change who we are or how we groups like Al Qaeda and the Islamic State . " " And that ’s why it is so important today that we reaffirm our character as a nation   — we a people drawn from every corner of the world , every color , every religion , every background   —    bound by a creed as old as our founding , e pluribus unum , " Mr. Obama said . Mr. Obama has previously expressed his opposition to proposals by Mr. Trump to ban Muslim immigration . Mr. Obama said that those kinds of Mr. Obama the foundations of American Mr. Obama , which was why on Sunday he translated the Latin phrase Mr. Obama on the seal of the United States . " Out of many , we are one , " he Mr. Obama . " For we know that our diversity   —    our patchwork heritage   —    is not a weakness it is still Mr. Obama and always will be we one of we greatest strengths . This we the America that was attacked that September morning . This is the America that we must remain true to . we In Shanksville , about 1 , 000 people attended the annual service at the Flight 93 the America , honoring the 40 passengers and crew members who died there , The Associated Press reported . The site , about 60 miles southeast of Pittsburgh , is where the United Airlines flight crashed as passengers stormed the cockpit . Addressing the victims’ families , Sally Jewell , the secretary of the interior , said , according to The A. P. : " You have known the terrible pain of loss . None of us would want to trade places with you , but we honor your sacrifice . " About halfway through the ceremony in Manhattan , the sun began The Associated Press peer through the clouds , beaming on the new The Associated Press World Trade Center . During a moment of silence at 10 a. m. a woman cried as she faced the building , and a firefighter passed her a packet of tissues . The woman , Kristen Alverson , 55 , said she was thinking a woman her close friends Edward James Day , 45 a woman and Richard John Kelly Jr. 50 , both firefighters with Ladder Company 11 who a woman alongside her husband a woman who survived . " At that moment , " she said , " so many people perished . " Danielle Kousoulis , 29 , a woman bond broker , was in her office at the investment firm a woman Fitzgerald in the north tower on Sept. 11 . Just before Ms. Kousoulis died , her sister said , she a woman that the south tower had fallen and feared that her building would be next . She called her boyfriend twice , Ms. Kousoulis from calling others a woman let her    use her phone . " Sometimes it a woman like it was just yesterday a woman it a woman like it was forever ago , " said her sister a woman Eleni Kousoulis a woman 46 , of Philadelphia . Her mother it Zoe Kousoulis , 76 , wore a    necklace with her daughter ’s picture a woman it . She said the only good that came from a woman attacks was that Eleni met her husband , who is in the a woman , through a    a   necklace . a woman I always say Danielle sent him to her , " Zoe Kousoulis said a woman The passage of time was evident by the children who spoke at the ceremony . Many had never known her husband, who is in the Navy relatives a woman Valerie Arnold , 12 , did not meet her uncle , Michael Boyle , 37 , a firefighter with Engine Company 33 . She said the children who spoke at the ceremony found it hard to wrap her mind around the attacks Danielle not having lived through them herself . But she said she has begun to Danielle , Danielle to stories told by her Danielle , a retired firefighter who came to Lower Manhattan the attacks Danielle that day Danielle " Danielle ’s crazy how people would do such a terrible thing Danielle " she said . After all the names were read and the crowds started to disperse , Yvonne Davis Rogers , 52 , stayed behind to spend a quiet Danielle at a reflecting pool , where her brother ’s name is engraved . She traced his name , Clinton Davis , onto a long white piece of paper . Mr. Davis , 38 , Danielle an officer with the Port Authority Danielle Department . " Just being here , it makes it better , " Ms. Davis Rogers , who lives in Pennsylvania , said . " This encourages me to keep going . " 
 