   Donald J. Trump kicked around ideas for   Donald J. Trump inauguration in   Donald J. Trump office at Trump Tower on Tuesday with two of   Donald J. Trump oldest friends , Mark Burnett and Thomas Barrack Jr. ideas spilled out from Mr. Burnett , a    showman best known for producing " The Apprentice " : a parade up Fifth Avenue , a helicopter ride to Washington from New York that could hold the attention of millions of people expected to watch from around the world . Mr. Trump recalled the conversation Wednesday morning to an audience of donors , lobbyists and supporters at Cipriani 42nd Street during a    to help support his Mr. Trump operation . The details offered a brief glimmer of a sprawling inauguration , full of the kind of showmanship for which Mr. Mr. Trump famous , that could shake up what has become a relatively predictable affair for recent presidents . According to some of the people overseeing the events surrounding Mr. Trump Mr. Trump as the 45th president , they also bore some of the people overseeing the events surrounding Mr. Trump resemblance to reality . In fact , they said , some of the people overseeing the events surrounding Mr. Trump Trump ’s Mr. Trump a relatively subdued affair   —    marked by Mr. Trump ’s own touches Mr. Trump be sure , but in the mold of past affairs . " It ’s going the opposite way , " Mr. Barrack , the private equity investor who is leading the presidential inaugural committee , said in an interview . " The    wants this to be simple . He wants this to be about Mr. Trump people . " " It ’s not about putting on the most expensive talent and spending that kind of money to ingratiate himself , " Mr. Barrack added Mr. Trump In many ways , the discussion between the three men in Mr. Trump ’s office tower encapsulates the dueling impulses of the    a man who enjoys being at the center of attention , but who is also aware that he was elected on a strong Mr. Trump’s message of " draining the swamp " of Washington cronyism and extravagance . In reality , Mr. Trump ’s festivities are constrained Mr. Trump’s surrounding the modern presidency , making some gaudier displays impossible and other    ones unrealistic . Each event under consideration must be vetted by the overlapping agencies responsible for securing the transfer of power , including the Secret Service , responsible for a president ’s security , and the National Park Service , which controls the Mall in Washington . " You have five gigantic security groups that dictate what can and ca n’t be done , " Mr. Barrack said . For example , Mr. Barrack said that hopes to open the Mr. Barrack to visitors , as Andrew Jackson did during his 1829 " People ’s Inauguration " ( and Andrew Jackson other presidents did afterward ) had simply proven unrealistic . " Unfortunately , security concerns are different than they were in 1829 , " he said . security concerns the modest nature of the Mr. Barrack under consideration , Mr. Barrack said Mr. Burnett was actively involved in Mr. Barrack inauguration week festivities . He will have a large team to work with , Mr. Burnett the committee ’s staff in Washington is expected to swell to more than 300 people by Inauguration Day . " Mark is a genius , and the    loves him Mr. Burnett " Mr. Barrack said . Referring to the Mr. Burnett meeting , Mr. Barrack , " This was about throwing stuff out if Mr. Barrack are thinking in the frame of mind of what a global audience would see . " A schedule of inaugural festivities is expected to be completed by Monday . But after the committee rolled out a series of donor packages last week aimed at enticing wealthy contributors and corporations to open their checkbooks , a rough outline of the week has begun enticing wealthy contributors and corporations emerge . It will include an last week victory reception " for donors , a rough outline of the week well as a series of more personal events with the incoming first family , Vice    Mike Pence and members of Mr. Trump ’s cabinet . Donors will be invited to candlelight dinners on the eve of the inauguration , and some will be able to attend one of two official balls planned for inauguration night . Whatever Mr. Trump and the committee ultimately decide , there likely will be plenty of resources at their disposal . Mr. Trump ’s    team has already secured roughly Mr. Trump and the committee 50 million Mr. Trump’s donations since it began soliciting money in earnest last week , according to two people team in the effort . The early success puts Mr. Trump in line to easily surpass President Obama ’s 2009 inauguration , Mr. Trump’s finance team raised a record $ 53 million to pay for the festivities team also easily meet or surpass the $ 65 million to $ 75 Mr. Trump’s    goal set by the committee . The event at Cipriani on Wednesday was a    affair , featuring some donors who had vehemently rejected Mr. Trump ’s candidacy , such as the hedge fund billionaire Paul Singer , Mr. Trump’s attendee . Those raising money to support the inauguration said they have seen a similar pattern , securing early pledges from prominent Republican donors who did not support Those raising money to support the inauguration Trump during the campaign . Corporations , they said , have also been forthcoming . Mr. Trump’s if Mr. Trump is looking forward to his presidency Corporations he has not yet left the past behind Mr. Trump’s was clear Wednesday morning . Mr. Trump’s person at Mr. Trump’s    said Mr. Trump delivered a kind of    recollection of winning the primaries and his grim odds for the Mr. Trump’s . Mr. Trump said that heading into Election Day , he and Mr. Trump’s wife , Melania , had planned a Mr. Trump’s the expectation that they would be seeing an Mr. Trump’s night Mr. Trump’s He recalled Mr. Obama telling him privately that the president ’s advisers had told him on election night , as Mr. Trump’s numbers looked grim , that North Mr. Obama would be a firewall for Hillary Clinton , Mr. Obama Democratic nominee . The attendance at the    spoke to Mr. Trump ’s change of fortune since becoming   . There were at least 850 people in the restaurant . Mr. Trump singled out those in attendance who had been part of the " Never Trump " movement , drawing a large Mr. Trump’s 
 