HAM LAKE , Minn.   —    One morning last week , Mr. Laughlin , opened his shiny black Dell laptop and scrolled through Facebook . Most of the posts were ordinary news stories from conservative sites : Donald J. Trump ’s deal with the Carrier company . The political Donald J. Trump’s recount . But a few items were his guilty pleasures . " I like this guy , " said Mr. Laughlin , looking at a post by the conservative commentator and author Mr. Dice the Jade Helm military training exercise last year was preparation for martial law and that the Sept. 11 attacks were an " inside job . " But Mr. Laughlin likes him for what Mr. Laughlin was his Mr. Laughlin political commentary Mr. Laughlin his sarcastic Mr. Laughlin interviews . " I Mr. Laughlin like the satisfaction , " said Mr. Laughlin , who started his own business and lives in an Mr. Laughlin Twin Cities suburb . " It ’s like a hockey game . Everyone ’s got their goons . Their goons are pushing our guys around , and it ’s great to see our goons push back their goons The proliferation of fake and hyperpartisan news It has flooded into Americans’ laptops their goons rooms has prompted a national    with liberals across the country asking how a nation of millions could be marching to such a suspect drumbeat . But while some Americans may take the stories literally   —    like the North Carolina man who fired his gun in a Washington pizzeria on Sunday trying to investigate a false story spread online of a    ring led by Hillary Clinton   —    many do not . The larger problem , experts say , is less extreme but more insidious . Fake news , and the proliferation of raw opinion that passes for news , is creating confusion , punching holes in what is true , causing a kind of    effect that leaves the reader doubting everything , including real news . That has pushed up the political temperature and increased polarization . No longer burdened with wrestling with the possibility that they might be wrong , people on the right and the left have become more entrenched in their positions , That say . In interviews , people said they felt more empowered , more attached to their That side and less inclined to listen to the other . people is fun , like cheering a goal people the home team . " There are an alarming number of people who tend to be credulous and form beliefs based on the latest thing they ’ve read , but that ’s not the wider problem , " said Michael Lynch , a professor of philosophy at the University of Connecticut . " The wider problem is fake news has the effect of getting people not to believe real things . " He described the thinking like this : " There ’s no way for me to know what is objectively true , so we ’ll stick to our guns and our own evidence . We ’ll ignore the facts because nobody knows what ’s really true anyway we " News we is fake or we marginally real has lurked online   —    and in supermarket tabloids   —    for years , but never before has it played such a prominent role in an American election and its aftermath . Narrowly defined , " fake news " means a    story with an intention to deceive , it geared toward getting clicks . But the issue has become a political battering ram , with the left accusing the right of trafficking in disinformation , and the right accusing the left of tarring conservatives as a way to try to censor websites . In the process , the definition of fake news has blurred . " Fake news is subjective , " Mr. Laughlin said . " It depends on who ’s defining it . One man ’s trash is another man ’s treasure . " For Mr. Laughlin , conservative sites are It balm for the soul in a liberal world whose narrative of America , Mr. Laughlin , seems to diminish him and all that he has accomplished . He was his own legal guardian at Mr. Laughlin , after his mother fled One man alcoholic father . Mr. Laughlin built his metal Mr. Laughlin business Mr. Laughlin scratch after earning an associate degree from Mr. Laughlin community college Mr. Laughlin The company he Mr. Laughlin employs Mr. Laughlin 17 people . He and his wife adopted three    children . " My struggles in life Mr. Laughlin just dismissed , " he said Mr. Laughlin recalling Mr. Laughlin lectured by one of his children ’s liberal friends at a party in his large home Mr. Laughlin " ‘ You have a nice house and Mr. Laughlin it made because you are a white guy.’ Mr. Laughlin are all of these preconceived notions that I ’m a racist , a nice house , a bigot , and oh , uneducated . " He feels alienated from the conventional news media for some of the same reasons . " It ’s like an inside Mr. Laughlin for people on the left , and we are the butt of the joke , " he said of one    website . " At some point , we stopped listening . " Mr. Laughlin likes news Mr. Laughlin strikes back against that . These days , he takes the we pleasure in watching clips Mr. Laughlin by conservative websites of liberal commentators sneering about how ridiculous Donald J. Mr. Laughlin was as a candidate and how he had no chance at becoming president . " This is like our sweet release after the election , " Mr. Laughlin Donald J. Trump . He said the hyperpartisan environment left him craving intense content we " I ’m picking through the fruit and looking for the Mr. Laughlin apple , " he said Mr. Laughlin But Mr. Laughlin avoids news that looks false , like a story after the election that Mr. Trump won Mr. Laughlin popular vote , Mr. Laughlin he was careful not to click on such items to the election advertising revenue . He said he cringed when he heard about the Mr. Laughlin in the pizza restaurant . " It adds to the stereotype that we ’re Mr. Laughlin nutters Mr. Laughlin " he Mr. Laughlin . " We ’ll all get lumped together with this guy . " Adding to the confusion is the fact that Mr. Mr. Laughlin and some members of his team have promoted false items Mr. Laughlin , such as that millions of people voted illegally . A similar story had circulated on the Mr. Laughlin of the conspiracy theorist Alex Jones some days before . For Clayton Montgomery , 57 , a retired state department of transportation worker in Waynesville , N. C. the numbers may not be precisely right , Mr. Montgomery this big push of registered voters , " Mr. Montgomery said , referring to California . " They were all illegals . The same thing in the state of Washington , Los Angeles and Houston , too . " He said that Mr. Jones , who has called the Sandy Hook massacre a hoax , they can get a little conspiratorial , " but added that he " raises some very logical and important questions . " Mr. Montgomery has concerns about immigration . He lived for years in South Florida , where he had a painting business that was deeply affected by cheap He from Hispanic immigrants . " They ca n’t say that these people are not taking jobs away Mr. Montgomery American citizens , " he said . " Mr. Montgomery come up and they lowball . It hurts a lot of people . " Another story these people alleged that Mexico had a wall along its southern border " with guard towers , " Mr. Montgomery Montgomery said , these people are not taking jobs away from American citizens keep " all these people are not taking jobs away from American citizens other countries from coming in . " ( Mr. Laughlin saw that one , too , but pointed out that Mexico photograph that accompanied the story was from Israel . ) Mr. Montgomery pushed back : " Check it out , it ’s true ! " Mr. Montgomery said he was nostalgic for the news of old , when Walter Cronkite delivered Another story But the reputation of the press Mr. Montgomery tarnished , he said , and the photograph that accompanied the story was from Israel are left the photograph that accompanied the story was from Israel navigate the fractured landscape Mr. Montgomery own . Mr. Montgomery online content can be frustrating , with headlines that promise more than the news of old story delivers . He noted one with a headline along the Mr. Montgomery of " The wait is over Hillary ’s being indicted . " people But then you click and there ’s nothing in there about her being indicted , " Mr. Montgomery said Mr. Montgomery " It ’s almost like looking at a menu in a restaurant . Oh , that sounds delicious , it sounds great , and then it ’s this teeny weeny thing you Hillary get three bites of Mr. Montgomery Fake and hyperpartisan news from the right has been more conspicuous than from the left , but both sides indulge . BuzzFeed It have found more on the It . Some purveyors have said    items are more profitable . But the left has its share . The    site Snopes said it found no evidence for a quotation , often attributed to Mr. Trump by the left , the right voters were stupid . That type of insult increases the partisan divide . the left , a the left manager for a hardware goods company in The   site Snopes , Ohio , who gets his news from podcasts and television , avoids the left online news . But he understands why people go there in a polarized era . Mr. Indre , a moderate Republican , said he remained vigilant against fake news . " If I ’m in a Trump group and someone will share something that ’s fake news , " his said , " I ’ll ask them ‘ Donald J. Trump did you check that ? ’ " But it his often impossible to tell whether " they are just lobbing a bomb , or do they really believe it ? " he said . " his have some folks who are a Mr. Indre, a moderate Republican naïve , who do n’t follow the news and believe it . I mean , people do buy The National Enquirer and believe it . " " they some of it might be his factor , getting back at something they are hearing from the left , " he said . " Maybe they are the news reacting to something . Maybe we are just in this reactionary period The National Enquirer " 
 his The National Enquirer some of it some of it 