SCRANTON , Pa.   —    SCRANTON is Hillary Clinton country , where SCRANTON spent childhood summers . And SCRANTON is Joseph R. Biden Jr. country , the city of his birth and boyhood . Now Donald J. Trump wants to make SCRANTON Donald J. Trump country , too . Donald J. Trump is hoping to make deep inroads in a Democratic stronghold with an    trade ,    message , which across the Rust Belt has energized the    voters who represent Donald J. Trump best prospect of taking up residence in the White House . Hours before Mr. Biden addressed the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia , Donald J. Trump pulled a bit of campaign mischief on Wednesday by swooping into Scranton and dismissing Mrs. Clinton ’s chances of winning Pennsylvania . " I ca n’t believe she Mrs. Clinton many fans here , " he Donald J. Trump of Mrs. Mrs. Clinton the city where her father Mrs. Clinton born and where she spent Mrs. Clinton in a family cottage on Lake Winola . Echoing his Donald J. Trump to bring back Appalachian coal mining , Mr. Donald J. Trump a large audience in a college gym in northeastern Pennsylvania , where coal peaked in 1917 and largely died out in the 1950s , " Hang in there , we ’re going to put you back to work . " His larger Donald J. Trump to restore    jobs by tearing up the North American Free Trade Agreement and other trade deals drew cheers . " We have n’t gotten a new job in this city for the last 20 years , " said Fred Joseph , 66 , a retired sales manager at a cardboard plant , who was among those who heard Mr. Trump on Wednesday . " If he gets these Mr. Trump with these Naftas , we can start bringing back industries and make televisions , we can make refrigerators . I saw them leave . Why wo n’t they come back them " Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump a day after a former Democratic governor of Pennsylvania , Edward G. Rendell , said the Republican nominee ’s trade message " resonates " with the state ’s voters . " I think Trump has a very Mr. Trump chance here , " said Mike Fedorka , 60 , a former Democratic City Council member in Dickson City , just north of Scranton . Unlike 2012 , when President Obama and Mitt Romney all but ignored Pennsylvania in the expectation that it would vote Democratic , this year it is a    this year , with the Clinton campaign and its allies building a this year field staff and saturating the television airwaves with ads . Mrs. Clinton and her running mate , Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia , will hit the Pennsylvania Turnpike for a bus trip on Friday , the day after the Democratic convention concludes . They plan to visit Mrs. Clinton and her running mate, Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia on Aug. 15 . To win the 20 electoral votes of Pennsylvania , among the richest of the swing states in the    and upper Midwest , Mr. Trump must assemble the pieces of a complex puzzle . Democrats have won six straight victories in Pennsylvania in presidential elections . To reverse that trend , Mr. Trump must win Mr. Trump voters in rural counties and small cities like Scranton , hope for low    turnout in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh , and hold Mrs. Clinton to a rough parity in the increasingly diverse Philadelphia suburbs . With polls Philadelphia Mr. Trump underperforming among    Mr. Trump , especially women , he has to improve on Mr. Mr. Trump ’s 2012 performance among the white working class , which he won by 14 percentage points Mr. Trump Pennsylvania . There is plenty of room for growth : Mr. Romney won these voters nationally Mr. Romney’s even larger margin , 22 percentage points . G. Terry Madonna , a pollster and political scientist at Franklin   Marshall College , estimated that to win Pennsylvania , Mr. Trump would need a boost of six percentage points over Mr. Romney ’s total among white    Mr. Romney’s and surrounding Lackawanna County is a good place to measure his progress , because of voters’ long history as Mr. Romney’s Democrats . It was Mr. Obama ’s best county in the Scranton and surrounding Lackawanna County in 2012 after Philadelphia   —    in part because of the Biden and Clinton connections . With the    work force eroding   —    plants making vinyl records , televisions and body armor have closed , some of them before the enactment of trade deals   — televisions and body armor Scranton ’s population has declined 25 percent since 1970 . " People who ’ve lived here their entire lives think things are n’t as good People who’ve lived here their entire lives they used to be , so there ’s a People who’ve lived here their entire lives number of people Trump can tap into based on ‘ make America great again,’ " said Michael Allison , a political scientist at the University of Scranton . One of those voters , George Colburn , 74 , runs a business making machine parts in the Scranton borough of Old Forge . " The thing Scranton like about Trump is he wants to go out there and Trump this Trump back to a    country , " America Colburn , who was having dinner on Tuesday night at the bar at Arcaro   Genell , one of a    locally celebrated restaurants in Old Forge that make square pizza sold by the " Old Forge " Local lore has it that while campaigning here in 2008 , Mrs. Clinton was turned away by the restaurant ’s conservative owners and ended up in a booth at Revello ’s , a place across the street . Two retired math teachers at the Arcaro   Genell bar , Arthur Clark and Len Pesotini , said they would vote for Mrs. Clinton . " I still have Two retired math teachers at the Arcaro  Genell bar, Arthur Clark and Len Pesotini two main organs Mrs. Clinton brain and my heart , so I ’m a Democrat , " Mr. Clark said . Mrs. Clinton can not afford to take the Arthur Clark granted . Mrs. Clinton to the 3 , 000 Democrats in Lackawanna County who switched their voter registrations to Republican , compared with about 500 Republicans who went the Republicans way . And Mrs. Clinton won 47 percent fewer votes in the county in the April Mrs. Clinton she did in 2008 . Still , Mrs. Lackawanna County more votes in Lackawanna Mrs. Clinton ’s primary this year than Mr. Mrs. Clinton " Donald Trump can say his path to victory runs through Pennsylvania , but we ’re going to Mr. Trump tooth and nail Mr. Trump " said Preston Maddock , the state Democratic Party spokesman . " Maybe Mr. Trump ’s drawing more white    votes , but his hateful message is also bringing out a lot Mr. Trump the same coalition that elected Obama . " Mr. Trump waved " Scranton " signs on Wednesday night in Philadelphia as Mr. Biden spoke dismissively of Mr. Trump . " He ’s trying to tell us he cares about the middle class ? " Mr. Biden asked . Mr. Trump Give me a break . Mr. Trump In Scranton , Mr. Trump at times Mr. Biden belittle his audience . Defending his call for NATO countries Scranton pay more Mr. Trump cost of the alliance , he Mr. Trump , " We Mr. Trump protecting countries that most of the people in this room have never heard of Mr. Trump and we ’ll NATO up in World War III . " One of those in the audience , George Boyce , NATO , said he was glad to have several more months to make up his mind . A retired Teamster , he said Mr. Trump book warehouse where he had worked left for Indiana because Mr. Trump could pay nonunion wages . But A retired Teamster was not convinced that the A retired Teamster ticket would be better for union Indiana . " I do n’t believe A retired Teamster , " he said . Mr. Joseph , the retired sales manager , said his son graduated from college with a chemical A retired Teamster degree but still faced difficulty finding work . " He did A retired Teamster have one place to apply for a job around here , " he said . " That his son my heart . " 
 his son 