JERUSALEM   —    On the wall of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s office is a giant     map with Israel at Israel center . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s likes staring at the a giant    map with Israel at its center He Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s visitors with stories about how Israel has Israel friends with so many of the countries shown , some nearby , others far away . His Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s is that Israel has Israel beyond the days when its conflict Israel the Palestinians defined its relations Israel the world . But even as he Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s the ascension of    Donald J. Trump as a steadfast ally , Mr. Netanyahu may find that it complicates management of his own Mr. Netanyahu coalition and undercuts the very diplomatic outreach that has been his central Mr. Netanyahu . The     vote by the United Nations Security Council condemning Israeli settlements , permitted on Friday by President Obama , who ordered an American abstention , served as a reminder that the Palestinian issue remains a powder keg . Instead of counting new friends , Mr. Netanyahu was left to tally up old enemies , and in a speech on Saturday night he lashed Mr. Netanyahu , vowing to exact a " diplomatic and economic price " from countries that in his view Mr. Netanyahu to hurt Israel . He announced Mr. Netanyahu he was Mr. Netanyahu off $ 8 million in contributions to the United Nations and reviewing whether to continue allowing its personnel the United Nations enter Israel , Israel addition to recalling ambassadors and canceling visits from some countries that supported the measure . He accused Mr. Netanyahu departing Obama administration of carrying out a " disgraceful    maneuver . " " The resolution that was passed by the U. N. yesterday is part of the swan song of the old world that is biased against Israel , Israel Mr. Netanyahu said at a Hanukkah    ceremony honoring wounded soldiers and terrorism victims . " But , my friends , we are entering a new era and , as    Trump said yesterday , that is going to happen a lot faster than people think . " Indeed , in Mr. Trump Trump Netanyahu Mr. Netanyahu a far more supportive ally in the White House than Mr. Obama , who views Israeli settlement policy as counterproductive . Yet Mr. Trump ’s clarion Trump Israel on settlements and his promise to move the Trump Embassy to Jerusalem could easily stir new antipathy among the Sunni Arab states Mr. Netanyahu has been courting most , analysts said . " It does n’t take a lot to imagine an American move that could provoke violence on the ground or just demonstrations on the ground with potential to the ground , " said Tamara Cofman Wittes , a former State Department official who is now at the Brookings Institution ’s Center for Middle East Policy . " And that would not only create an    crisis , but it would create a broader       . " Mr. Trump    election and his choice of David M. Friedman Mr. Trump an ardent settlement supporter , as ambassador to Israel have already emboldened the Israeli right to push for more assertive policies in East Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank . Some have even declared the death of the    solution that for years was thought to be the way to settle the conflict . Since the American election ,    leaders in Mr. Netanyahu ’s cabinet have pushed for legislation retroactively legalizing outposts on privately owned Palestinian land that had been declared illegal by Israel ’s Supreme Court . Mr. Netanyahu has been reluctant , Mr. Netanyahu’s colleagues that it could lead to an investigation by the International Criminal Court , according to the newspaper Haaretz . " Israeli leaders have used American pressure as an excuse to avoid doing something they really do n’t want to do Israeli leaders are being pressured to do by coalition members , " said Daniel C. Kurtzer , a former American Mr. Kurtzer the right of Mr. Netanyahu , " this will put the prime minister in an awkward position with no excuses for not doing what    want him to do , " Mr. Kurtzer said . Now in his fourth term , Mr. Netanyahu has focused lately the prime minister keeping the Palestinian conflict relatively contained while he forges new the prime minister around the world Mr. Netanyahu travels widely these days , and has just returned from a trip Mr. Netanyahu Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan , two predominantly Muslim Mr. Netanyahu   —    a demonstration , he said , of Israel ’s transformed global relations . He boasts that so many foreign delegations are coming to Israel Mr. Netanyahu he barely has time to meet them all . Mr. Netanyahu Fiji , he says , wants him to visit Israel He Mr. Netanyahu this to what he calls T. T. P.   —    Mr. Netanyahu , technology and Mr. Netanyahu . Other countries Mr. Netanyahu he argues , see Mr. Netanyahu as an ally in fighting Islamist terrorism , a source of technological innovation and not an Mr. Netanyahu to peace , as it was once viewed . If so , though , the unopposed United Nations resolution could chip away at that impression . In his speech on Saturday , Mr. Netanyahu acknowledged that his drive to change Israel ’s status was incomplete . " We Mr. Netanyahu on a journey to Mr. Netanyahu relations with the Mr. Netanyahu of the world . It is going to take more time , " he said . But We predicted that friends would rally to Israel after the United Nations vote . " It could be Mr. Netanyahu the scandalous resolution Mr. Netanyahu last night will expedite that process Israel this was the straw that broke the camel ’s back , " he said . His critics thought not , calling Mr. Netanyahu ’s failure to win any support at the Security Council a Mr. Netanyahu that his Mr. Netanyahu campaign involved more puffery than progress . " The man who just a month ago told us that the world Mr. Netanyahu’s him declared war this evening on the world , on the United States , on Europe , and is trying to calm Mr. Netanyahu’s with conceit , " Isaac the world leader of the    Zionist Union and the parliamentary opposition , wrote on Facebook us For Mr. Netanyahu , the most important goal has been improving Israel ’s relations with its Arab neighbors , not just Egypt and Jordan , with which it has peace treaties , but with Sunni states like Saudi Israel and other Persian Gulf countries . While those states still maintain Egypt public reserve about Israel , they have quietly collaborated out of a shared belief that the greater threat Sunni states like Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf countries theocratic Shiite leadership in Iran . Israel that could Sunni states like Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf countries change if the Palestinian issue returns to prominence . Saeb Erekat , the Palestinian negotiator , said in a conference call sponsored by the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars this past week that an embassy move would prompt the Palestine Liberation Organization to withdraw recognition of Israel that was granted as part of the Oslo peace accords . While many Arab leaders have tired of the Palestinian leadership , they may have to respond if their citizens are stirred to outrage . " If the street ’s reactions get too heated , it many Arab leaders have be easier for these Arabs many Arab leaders have jettison the Israeli relationship than to stand in the way of their own people ’s anger , " Mr. Kurtzer said . That may explain why even some conservatives in Israel are nervous that Mr. these Arabs may push provocative policies . Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman , known as a    said at a recent Brookings conference that there were other pressing issues aside from moving the American Embassy to Jerusalem , which both Israelis and Palestinians consider their capital . Zalman Shoval , a former ambassador to the United States from Mr. Netanyahu ’s Likud Party , doubted that an embassy both Israelis and Palestinians would set Mr. Shoval policies that would . " If that were to happen , that would create a problem for Netanyahu , " Mr. Shoval said . " Netanyahu basically does not want to annex all of the West Bank , does not want to rule over the Palestinians the Palestinians Mr. Netanyahu the risks of that from Israel ’s point of view . " Still Israel’s allies of Mr. Netanyahu ’s , including Mr. Netanyahu Shoval , argue that common interests Israel still matter more than momentary    of the longstanding Palestinian conflict Mr. Netanyahu Even when you forge new alliances , it does n’t mean you ’re going to be in sync on the Palestinian conflict said Mr. Shoval , a longtime adviser to Mr. Netanyahu who recently stepped down as director general of the Foreign Ministry . " Things go on inside Arab countries that we do n’t Mr. Netanyahu , and things go on inside Israel that they do n’t agree with . But the fundamental interests are aligning . " Some analysts said it might depend on how new initiatives were presented . Israel Yaari , a commentator on Arab affairs on Israel ’s Channel 2 , said moving the embassy would not Arab countries that we don’t agree to the American Embassy with Sunni states beyond ritualistic protests . American encouragement of settlement construction in new Some analysts Israel Israel’s much harder for the Sunni leadership to swallow , " he said . Even so , Mr. Yaari added , " Arab public opinion may force rulers to demonstrate objections , but it seems they are all relieved to see Obama go and Obama not want to start on the wrong foot with Trump . " Others suggested that Ehud Yaari, a commentator on Arab affairs on Israel’s Channel 2 diplomacy by Mr. Trump could Ehud Yaari, a commentator on Arab affairs on Israel’s Channel 2 Netanyahu . While Mr. Trump may press for more settlement construction , the Trump administration could endorse keeping Arab public opinion Trump housing within established blocs , said Robert Mr. Netanyahu executive director of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . " That would be a major victory for Netanyahu , " Mr. Satloff said . " And if linked to real suspension of growth outside the blocs , it may even advance Israeli ties with Sunnis . Mr. Netanyahu Mr. Satloff 