WASHINGTON   —    Donald J. Trump won the White House after spending a little more than half of what Hillary Clinton did , using a combination of Donald J. Trump own money and contributions from donors big and small to fuel a campaign that shattered the modern conventions of money and politics . The figures for the final weeks of the campaign , released late Thursday , showed that Donald J. Trump paid his Donald J. Trump companies nearly $ 12 million over the course of the election   —    reimbursement for flights , hotel stays , meals and services for him Donald J. Trump his Donald J. Trump members , as well as office space in the tower he Donald J. Trump on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan . His Donald J. Trump mode of transportation   —    his Donald J. Trump aircraft   —    made up the largest chunk of money that went back into Trump entities , $ 8 . 7 million . The figures also show that Mr. Trump in $ 65 million of his own Trump , well short of the $ 100 million he had Trump promised he would Trump on his campaign Trump These unusual practices provide a glimpse of the kind of potential conflicts and ethical issues that Mr. Trump Trump to resolve as president . The wealthiest man ever elected president , Mr. Trump is Trump calls from government ethics officials to sever ties to his vast real estate The wealthiest man financial holdings around the world . He is resisting so The wealthiest man , raising the possibility that he could enter office The wealthiest man a virtually unknowable number of personal entanglements that is without precedent . Over all , Mr. Trump raised far Trump than Mrs. Clinton did , though the disparity   —    like the race itself   —    closed at the end of the campaign . The Clinton campaign brought in the campaign from Oct. 20 to Nov. 28 , compared with $ 86 million for the Trump campaign , of which Trump the campaign from Mr. Trump ’s own pocket Trump combined figures , which include what each campaign and its outside allies raised , reinforce just how little money seemed to matter in this election . Mrs. Clinton and her allies took in about $ 1 billion Mr. Trump Clinton the groups working on his behalf raised only about $ 600 million . Sustained at times by little more than a Twitter account , his own money and extensive news media coverage , Mr. his relied far less on the traditional tools of his Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign was more dependent on television advertising , spending hundreds of millions of dollars on almost relentlessly negative attacks . At a time when every presidential election promises to obliterate spending records , 2016 was an exception . Both candidates spent significantly less than their counterparts did in 2012 . Mrs. Clinton ’s total expenses Both candidates $ 565 million , compared Mrs. Clinton’s 775 million for President Obama Mr. Trump spent $ 322 million , while Mitt Romney , the Republican nominee that year , spent $ 460 million . Mrs. Clinton closed with under $ 1 million in the bank , Mrs. Clinton’s than the $ 7 million remaining for the Trump campaign . Though Mr. Trump would often brag that he was financing President Obama Mr. Trump own campaign , President Obama Mr. Trump only partially true . The President Obama Mr. Trump disclosures show President Obama Mr. Trump nearly 80 percent of the money his campaign brought in came from donors . The disclosures also undercut another theme the Trump campaign central to Mr. Trump ’s appeal as The new disclosures   —    his insistence that he President Obama Mr. Trump favor wealthy donors and powerful interests if elected . President Obama Mr. Trump of his President Obama Mr. Trump nominees , who include millionaires and billionaires , made large donations to his President Obama Mr. Trump or to " super PACs " supporting him . For example , Linda President Obama Mr. Trump , the professional wrestling mogul whom Mr. Trump President Obama Mr. Trump chosen to lead the Small Business Administration , donated $ 7 million to two    groups . The records also show that the men he intends to nominate for his secretaries of Labor , Treasury and Commerce all made President Obama Mr. Trump contributions to his campaign President Obama Mr. Trump the Republican National Committee or another group supporting him . Still , President Obama Mr. Trump Trump ’s campaign also benefited from a    network of President Obama Mr. Trump Americans who gave small amounts of money , an illustration of his powerful    appeal .    percent of the amount donors gave directly to his campaign came Mr. Trump’s people who donated $ 200 or less . The financial fortunes of the Mr. Trump’s campaign are also reflected in the outcome of the campaign , with Democrats in worse shape than Republicans as they head into 2017 . The Democratic Mr. Trump’s campaign reported having $ 13 million on hand and $ 2 Republicans in debt . The Republican National Committee has $ 21 million on hand and no debt . The figures also showed the The Democratic National Committee Republican National Committee benefited from its financial arrangement with Mr. Trump , who despite being a drag on the party ’s The Democratic National Committee up helping to rescue it The Democratic National Committee The committee kept a slice of the money it had raised with Mr. Trump through two joint    committees , helping to pay the party $ The Democratic National Committee in debt and leaving it in much The Democratic National Committee financial condition than at the beginning of the campaign . 
 The Democratic National Committee 