Saturday Night Live star Michael Che is not apologizing for calling Boston , Massachusetts the " most racist city " Michael Che has ever visited . [ Saturday Night Live star Michael Che had originally made the remarks during a " Weekend Update " segment on the NBC show the night before the Super Bowl . " I just want to relax , turn my brain off , and watch the blackest city in America beat the most racist city I ’ve ever been to , " Saturday Night Live star Michael Che told SNL viewers .   @GerryCallahan @KirkAndCallahan yep figured you appreciate this one from SNL the night before the Super Bowl . pic . twitter .    —    Junk_That_Jersey ( @junkthatjersey ) February 5 , 2017 ,   The controversial comment came up again Thursday during an appearance at Boston University . Saturday Night Live star Michael Che explained that Saturday Night Live star Michael Che had received a ton of angry feedback over Saturday Night Live star Michael Che Boston remarks , the Boston Globe reports .   Saturday Night Live star Michael Che said Saturday Night Live star Michael Che had responded to one woman , who was exceptionally outraged by the line , by insisting that she the woman talk to your closest black friend and ask them your closest black friend explain it to you . " " Touche , " the woman replied , according to Che . The     New York native also slammed Trump Thursday , telling the audience that it would be better if Trump Trump running another country instead of being in " our own little slice of crazy . " Che Che made it a point to tell the the audience he Che apologizes for his Che language or for his Che statements because he Che " just trying to be more presidential . " After the presidential election , Che Che Esquire magazine that he Che with President Trump ’s criticism that SNL is politically " biased " and     —    opting to ding Republicans and conservative viewpoints far more than Democratic and liberal dogma . " Oddly , I agree with him Che " he Che . " We try to write that way . But I do agree with him Che I think the show should show all views and we make We conscious effort to do so . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 