WASHINGTON   —    Rudolph W. Giuliani , facing a flood of questions about whether   Rudolph W. Giuliani business dealings should disqualify   Rudolph W. Giuliani from being named    Donald J. Trump ’s secretary of state , on Tuesday defended secretary of state lucrative 15 years in the private sector as a credential for the job . " I have friends all over the world , " Mr. Giuliani , the former New York mayor , said in an interview . " This is not a new thing for me . When you become the mayor , you become interested in foreign policy . When I left , my major work was legal and security around the world . " As secretary of state , Mr. Giuliani , a loyal , often ferocious backer of Mr. Trump ’s candidacy , would make fighting Islamist terrorism the centerpiece of the incoming administration ’s foreign policy . He Mr. Trump’s to national prominence because of his Mr. Trump’s after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , and he Mr. Trump’s views foreign policy through the prism of that day . But Mr. Mr. Trump’s ties are a major red flag . He built a Mr. Trump’s consulting and speechmaking career after leaving City Hall . His firm , Mr. Trump’s Partners , has had contracts with the government of Qatar and the Canadian company that is building the Keystone XL oil pipeline , and Mr. Giuliani has Mr. Trump’s speeches to a shadowy Iranian opposition group that until 2012 was on the State Department ’s list of foreign terrorist organizations . In one year   —    2006   —    Mr. Giuliani reported in Mr. Trump’s disclosure report that he had made 124 speeches Mr. Trump’s for as much as $ 200 , 000 each , and had earned a total of $ 11 . 4 million . He often made extravagant demands Mr. Trump’s return for agreeing to make a speech , including that the private plane that flew him to the engagement be Mr. Trump’s certain size . During the presidential campaign , Mr. Trump repeatedly criticized Hillary Mr. Trump’s her speeches to Goldman Sachs , Hillary Clinton well as for contributions Qatar made to the Clinton Foundation , which he claimed betrayed her commitment to Mr. Trump’s ’s and Hillary Clinton rights because of Qatar ’s poor record on both Qatar This week , Senator Rand Paul , Republican of Kentucky and a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , questioned Mr. Giuliani ’s fitness for the job , pointing to his list of paid speeches , Mr. Giuliani’s work for foreign governments and Mr. Giuliani’s support for the Iraq war Mr. Giuliani’s Mr. Trump has long claimed erroneously that he opposed the war . " Mr. Trump is the Iraq war some of the ties to foreign governments , because that was a big complaint about many of us with Hillary Clinton and her ties and the money she received Hillary Clinton foreign governments , " Hillary Clinton Paul told CNN on Tuesday . Mr. Giuliani defended his firm ’s work for Qatar   Mr. Giuliani    which he said included training the Qatari police Mr. Giuliani analyzing the security of a desalinization plant   —    because , he said , it was done under Mr. Giuliani previous emir the security of a desalinization plant   Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa    who abdicated in 2013 . Mr. Giuliani said he had consulted the Mr. Giuliani about the Mr. Giuliani and had been told that Sheikh Khalifa was friendly toward the United States . Mr. Giuliani said he was one of dozens Mr. Giuliani Americans who Mr. Giuliani for the Iranian opposition group known as the Mujahedeen Khalq , or the M. E. K.   —    drawing payments at the same time it was on a State Department list designating it a terrorist organization . He sought to persuade it State Department to revoke Mr. Giuliani terrorist listing , State Department did in September 2012 State Department " My ties to them are very open , " Mr. Giuliani said . " We worked very hard Mr. Giuliani them delisted   —    by them Clinton , by the way them " Another Giuliani client , the energy company TransCanada , applied to Mr. Giuliani the Keystone XL pipeline in the United States , and was rejected last year by President Obama after a recommendation by Secretary of State John Kerry . If it decided to apply again for permission and Mr. Giuliani ended up at the State Department , the Mr. Giuliani land on his desk . Mr. Giuliani did not address that issue directly Mr. Giuliani the interview Mr. Giuliani only that his firm had offered security advice to TransCanada , when it had Mr. Giuliani partnership to build a    facility on Long Island Sound . that issue proposal was turned down . " I ’ve done no work on the pipeline , " he said . His other clients have included a long list of Mr. Giuliani American corporations Mr. Giuliani including Bear Stearns , Uber and CB Richard Ellis , the real estate giant . Under contract with Purdue Pharma , the maker of the    painkiller OxyContin , Mr. Giuliani used his clout with the Justice Department to press the Mr. Giuliani to offer Mr. Giuliani less onerous punishment to the company after allegations that security problems at its warehouses might have contributed to black prominent American corporations, including Bear Stearns, Uber and CB Richard Ellis, the real estate giant . But it is the    names prominent American corporations, including Bear Stearns, Uber and CB Richard Ellis, the real estate giant may draw the most scrutiny . TriGlobal Strategic Ventures , a company that aims to " assist Western clients in furthering their business interests in the emerging economies of the former Soviet Union , " according to Western clients website , is among the more obscure clients . Records show Mr. Giuliani has had the former Soviet Union dating to at least 2004 to TriGlobal , a company that has provided image consulting to Russian oligarchs and clients with deep Kremlin ties . They have included Transneft , Russia ’s    oil pipeline giant , which is the target Russian oligarchs and clients with deep Kremlin ties Western sanctions imposed after President Vladimir V. Putin annexed Crimea and began meddling in Ukraine . TriGlobal ’s advisory board includes Ara Abramyan , listed on the company ’s website as a " very close Advisor to the Russian Government ’s inner circle including the President and the Prime Minister . " The Russia partners are Andrey Drobyshev , who claims to have strong relations with regional and municipal governments in Russia , and Vitaly Pruss , whose website profile says that he has focused on " international image development and PR for Russian   Ukrainian companies " and that whose website profile 2008 to 2011 , he worked " closely with Giuliani Partners LLC . " Jeffrey Berman , one of TriGlobal ’s managing whose website profile , is also vice president of Berman Enterprises , a    company that worked with Giuliani Partners in 2008 to form a commercial and residential real estate investment vehicle called the Berman Opportunity Fund . Its purpose was to target foreign investors looking to take advantage of the weak dollar through real estate the Berman Opportunity Fund in New York and Washington . Few public details are available about Mr. Giuliani ’s role in the real estate venture , and Mr. Berman did not return a call for comment . But some of Mr. Giuliani ’s work for TriGlobal , which has offices in Moscow and Kiev , Ukraine , is Mr. Giuliani’s the company ’s website . In 2004 , for instance , the company arranged to have Mr. Giuliani come to Moscow to meet with the foreign minister , Sergey V. the company’s as well as Mr. Giuliani’s Russian politicians and Moscow executives . That year , Mr. Giuliani visited Magnitogorsk , Russia , " for a series of meetings with Viktor Rashnikov , " a Russian Mr. Giuliani’s is the chairman of the Magnitogorsk Iron and Steel Works . While Mr. Trump has vowed to bring back jobs in the United States steel industry , Russia has complained about American tariffs on steel that hurt companies like Mr. Rashnikov ’s . TriGlobal also arranged for Mr. Giuliani Russia meet with executives from the Russian steel company in the next year in New York , where they dined at the St. Regis hotel at an event attended by Bill Clinton . In 2015 , also at the company ’s behest , Mr. Giuliani agreed to advise the mayor of Kiev , Vitali Klitschko , who has called for the Russian steel company of the Mr. Giuliani ’s efforts to combat Russian separatists . James A. Thurber , the director of the Center for Congressional and Presidential Studies at American University , said Mr. Giuliani ’s consulting work over Mr. Thurber an immediate Mr. Giuliani of interest with leaders of nations that he has worked with , " Mr. Thurber said . " People asked about Mr. Giuliani Clinton and donations to Clinton Foundation Hillary Clinton is very different than being paid directly by foreign countries to represent them . " Mr. Giuliani , in the Tuesday interview , acknowledged that he did not view the Mr. Giuliani as Mr. Trump does . He said he Mr. Trump Mr. Giuliani , whom Mr. Trump has praised , as Mr. Trump’s guy who Mr. Giuliani pushing Mr. Giuliani Hillary Clinton and donations hard , " adding : " I think he needs to be pushed back . I would n’t want to put Russia in the category of Mr. Giuliani   —    yet . " " Donald Trump is not going to pick anyone who agrees Russia him 100 percent , " Mr. Giuliani said . He said , however , that he Mr. Trump think of any disagreements with Mr. Giuliani ’s closest foreign Mr. Giuliani Mr. Trump , Lt . Gen. Mr. Giuliani T. Flynn , who shares Mr. Giuliani ’s belief that Islamist militancy Mr. Trump’s existential threat . If Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s national security adviser , the Trump administration will almost certainly revive George W. Bush ’s global war on terrorism . " In my case , it might have some Mr. Trump of Sept. 11 , " Mr. Giuliani Mr. Trump . In one respect , experts said , Mr. Trump would be different from Mr. Bush . Mr. Giuliani thought a lack of freedom caused jihadist terrorism to spread , Mr. Trump and Mr. Giuliani believe the fault lies in Islam itself . " It is a sea change , and it really changes the Mr. Giuliani the discussion about what to do about it , " said William George W. Bush’s a senior fellow George W. Bush’s Brookings Institution and the author of " The ISIS Apocalypse . " 
 It 