PALM BEACH , Fla.   —    There will be no    this weekend outside the Borislow family ’s oceanfront home here : the Borislow family live across the street from       Donald J. Trump ’s winter resort , and now a Coast Guard patrol boat is parked right outside the Borislow family window . Donald J. Trump arrived at     on Tuesday night for his Donald J. Trump visit as   . The difference was notable : Police cars stopped trucks trying to pass down the    road approaching the estate , and dark sedans with rather    drivers were parked along the street . Coast Guard boats toured the water that surrounds both sides of the road , while a tent was set up nearby where delivery trucks were searched . News vehicles camped out a few blocks away , for a better shot of    ’s waterfront view . Shelly Borislow , standing in front of her Shelly Borislow house , where several Palm Beach County sheriff ’s cruisers were parked and officers shooed away pedestrians , had no problem with the excitement . " There are so many handfuls of people who would want to live across the street from the president , " she Shelly Borislow . ( At least , she Shelly Borislow so . Her Shelly Borislow is for sale for $ 27 . 5 million , and she Shelly Borislow thinking now she Shelly Borislow have a few takers . ) Palm Beach is used to accommodating all kinds of dignitaries   —    the Kennedys spent time here at their the Kennedys home when John F. Kennedy was in the White House . But the urgent need to secure Mr. Trump ’s    resort and be mindful of car and pedestrian traffic seemed to take the town of less than 9 , 000 by storm . Law enforcement officials have long worried about the challenges of protecting     which Marjorie Merriweather Post left to the federal government in 1973 with the intent that it would become a presidential retreat . But according to a club history provided by     the United States government eventually returned the property " due to maintenance and security concerns . " Mr. Trump purchased it Mr. Trump 1985 and turned it Mr. Trump a membership club a decade later . Now , Mr. Mr. Trump means security concerns and presidential buzz are mixing in almost equal measure in this haven for the wealthy and superwealthy . Federal officials , led by the Secret Service , are overseeing an array of security restrictions . The Federal Aviation Administration has limited pilots around Palm Beach , and the Coast Guard established three security zones for the Intracoastal Waterway and offshore areas near Palm Beach . " The security zone is necessary to protect the V. I. P. and accompanying official party , the public and the surrounding waterway from terrorist acts , sabotage or other subversive acts , accidents or other causes of a similar nature , " the Coast Guard the Coast Guard statement . Breaching one of the security zones , the Coast Guard warned , the Coast Guard heavy fines and up to 12 years in prison . Secret Service officials , as usual , were tight lipped about security issues , but Palm Beach ’s public safety director , Kirk Blouin , emphasized that Mr. Trump ’s visit was no stretch for the    department . " We ’ve had to protect every president the   department I ’ve worked there in my 28 years , " Mr. Blouin said . " Every president Kirk Blouin multiple times , including world leaders . This is nothing new to us . " He said the agency was the agency a supporting Kirk Blouin to the Secret Service . Although he said discussing the challenges of protecting a Kirk Blouin estate was a question for the Secret Service , he added , " the Secret Service ’s Kirk Blouin obvious that it does present some additional the challenges of protecting a waterfront estate . " About 20 the challenges of protecting a waterfront estate rallied near     on Saturday night for about three hours , but there were no incidents or need for arrests , Mr. Blouin said . Homeowners have been understanding about the inconveniences , he said . " It ’s not bad today , Mr. Blouin it may be worse other times , " he said It Mr. Trump has sometimes had a fraught Mr. Blouin with the Mr. Blouin .     sued Palm Beach County last year , part of a longstanding feud over its request to route air traffic away from the club . Palm Beach County Mr. Trump ’s election , which left federal officials poised to Mr. Blouin place flight restrictions , the club ’s legal posture changed . On Nov. 16 , it the club to dismiss the lawsuit . Many locals took this week ’s attention in stride . " All the presidents , everyone who runs for public office , comes to Palm Beach , " said Marie Hope Davis , president of the Palm Beach Republican Club and a resident Ms. Davis money . " Ms. Davis , who lived in Palm Beach for many years , said she suspected the chief side effect Ms. Davis Palm Beach outpost in Florida would be Ms. Davis streets . Ms. Davis Ms. Davis , they often wanted to see where President Kennedy had stayed . Ms. Davis Palm Beach reluctant to describe Mr. Trump as anything resembling a true Palm Beacher . " He ’s a businessman , and Ms. Davis clubs are his business , " she said her aunts and uncles " I think Trump Tower , that ’s his home , Ms. Davis ’s where his heart is . " Others wondered what the changes would mean for Mr. Trump bottom line . Louis Rose is selling one Mr. Trump around the corner Ms. Davis     and is in the market for another . " Mr. Trump ’re selling , we ’re Mr. Trump . We ’re believers , " Mr. Rose said . " I Others he will hopefully begin unifying . " One homeowner who flew in from Pennsylvania on Tuesday had mixed feelings about the extra attention and the enormous caravan We cars that accompanied We    upon his grand Louis Rose but was glad the authorities did Louis Rose hassle residents . She would only give her first name : Mindy . " Clearly there ’s a huge difference : a gazillion billion police cars everywhere , Secret Service , " she Louis Rose . " I have n’t decided whether it ’s a good thing or a bad thing . She 
 She 