Defiant and determined to transform the Democratic Party , Senator Bernie Sanders is opening a    phase of Senator Bernie Sanders presidential campaign aimed at inflicting a heavy blow on Hillary Clinton in California and amassing enough leverage to advance Senator Bernie Sanders agenda at the convention in July   —    or even wrest the nomination from Hillary Clinton in California . Advisers to Senator Bernie Sanders said on Wednesday that he Senator Bernie Sanders newly resolved to remain in the race , seeing an aggressive campaign as his Senator Bernie Sanders chance to pressure Democrats into making fundamental changes to how presidential primaries and debates are held in the future . They Advisers to Mr. Sanders he Senator Bernie Sanders held out hope of capitalizing on any late stumbles by Mrs. Clinton or any damage to her Mrs. Clinton , whether by scandal or by the presumptive Republican nominee , Donald J. Trump . After sounding subdued if not downbeat about the race for weeks , Mr. Senator Bernie Sanders a combative posture against Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton on Wednesday that she debate him Mrs. Clinton Senator Bernie Sanders June 7 primary in California and highlighting anew what he asserted Senator Bernie Sanders her weaknesses against Mrs. Clinton Trump . Donald J. Trump Senator Bernie Sanders advisers said Senator Bernie Sanders has been buoyed by a stream of polls showing him beating Mr. Senator Bernie Sanders by larger margins Donald J. Trump Clinton in some battleground states , and by his belief that Senator Bernie Sanders upset victory in California could have a psychological impact on convention delegates who already have doubts about Mrs. Clinton . But his newly Mrs. Clinton is also the cumulative result of months of anger at the national Democratic Party over a debate schedule that his campaign said Senator Bernie Sanders Mrs. Clinton a    arrangement between the Mrs. Clinton the Clinton campaign the appointment of fierce Clinton Mrs. Clinton leaders of important convention committees and Mrs. Clinton party ’s rebuke of Mr. Sanders on Tuesday for not clearly condemning a melee at the Nevada Democratic convention on Saturday . While Mr. Sanders says he does not want Mr. Trump Mr. Sanders in November Mr. Sanders his advisers and allies say he is willing to do Mr. Sanders harm to Mrs. Clinton Mr. Sanders the shorter term if it means he can capture a majority of the 475 pledged delegates Mr. Sanders stake in California and arrive at the Philadelphia convention with maximum political power . Tad Devine , a senior adviser to Mr. Sanders , said the campaign did not think its attacks would help Mr. Trump in the long run the campaign but added that the senator ’s team was " not thinking about " the possibility that they could help derail Mrs. Clinton from becoming the first the senator’s team elected president . " The only thing that matters is what happens between now and June 14 , " Mr. Devine said , referring to the final Democratic primary , in the District of Columbia . " We have to put the blinders on and focus on the best case to make in the upcoming states . If we do that , we can be in a strong We to make the We closing argument before the convention . If not , everyone will know in    and we ’ll have to take a hard look at where We stand . " The prospect of a    Democratic fight is deeply troubling to party leaders who are eager for Mrs. Clinton and House and Senate candidates to turn to attacking Mr. Trump without being diverted by Democratic strife . Mr. Sanders has won nearly 10 million votes , compared to Mrs. Clinton ’s 13 million , and Democratic leaders say she needs time to begin courting the young voters , Mrs. Clinton and other Sanders supporters who view her as an ally of corporate and    interests . Mrs. Clinton Mr. Sanders has sharpened his language of late , saying Mr. Sanders that the party Mr. Sanders a choice to remain " dependent on    campaign contributions and be a party with limited participation and limited energy " or " welcome into the party people who are prepared to fight for real economic and social change . " Mr. Sanders ’s    instincts have been encouraged by his    Mr. Sanders , Jeff Weaver , who has been blistering Mr. Weaver’s Wasserman Schultz of Florida Mr. Sanders the Democratic national chairwoman , of " throwing shade on the Sanders campaign from the very beginning . " For weeks , some current and former Sanders campaign workers have privately acknowledged feeling disheartened about Mr. Weaver ’s determination to go after the Democratic National Committee , fearing a pitched battle with the party they hope to Sanders in the general election . The intraparty fighting has affected morale , they say , and raised concerns that Mr. Weaver , a longtime Sanders aide who some current and former Sanders campaign workers recently ran a comic book store , was not devoted to achieving Democratic unity . The intraparty fighting described the campaign ’s message as having devolved into a    with perceived conspiracies on the part of Mrs. Clinton ’s allies . Democratic leaders said they wanted to do everything possible to avoid having    tensions send the Philadelphia convention into the sort of chaos they had expected to mar the Republican convention . So far Democratic leaders though , Mr. Sanders has not indicated that he would ask his delegates to support Mrs. Clinton , as Democratic leaders did in 2008 for Barack Obama . " I ’m hopeful that the two candidates will come together , Mr. Sanders soon , Mr. Sanders could blunt the possibility of real trouble Mrs. Clinton our convention , " said Edward G. Rendell , the former governor of Pennsylvania and a Clinton supporter who is chairman of the Philadelphia host committee for the convention . " But you look at what happened in Nevada , and you worry . " The melee there , at which Sanders supporters revolted and threatened the state our convention in a fight over delegates , intensified concerns among Clinton allies . Senator Barbara Boxer of California , who attended the convention , said she spoke with Mr. Sanders late Tuesday and said he was " distressed " by the Nevada Clinton . " He will be judged as whether or not our convention leadership qualities by the way he Sanders , " she said . Sanders Harry Reid of Nevada , who is close to Mr. Sanders , spoke with Mr. Sanders on Friday Sanders not letting the state convention devolve Sanders a messy fight . she spoke again Mr. Reid had attended feared Sanders safety . But Mr. Sanders ’s subsequent statement condemning the violence , which mostly dwelled on how dismissively he felt the party was treating him , Mr. Reid little to soothe Mr. Reid ’s unease . she Bernie and I Sanders each other for a long time , and I believe he is better than Sanders , " Mr. Reid said Sanders . But some Sanders supporters said that Democrats were ignoring an undercurrent of anger among those Mr. Reid Mrs. Clinton , if elected , would Sanders the courage to challenge her friends and political contributors . " We want Sanders have progressive values and socialism Mr. Reid convention ’s agenda , rather than slip back into centrist Democratic thinking if she gets elected , " said Tick Segerblom , a state senator in Nevada and a Sanders supporter . " I Mrs. Clinton there could be some chaos at the convention   —    at least outside , with a lot of anarchists , socialists , young people . " Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton campaign has largely taken Mr. Sanders ’s latest broadsides in stride . In soliciting donations Wednesday , it said that the    battle against Mr. Sanders and Mr. Trump was " one of the toughest parts of our campaign so far . " A Clinton campaign spokesman declined to comment about Mr. Sanders ’s debate proposal in California . Privately , Mrs. Clinton ’s advisers said Mr. Sanders Mrs. Clinton’s campaign win California but emphasized their confidence that Mrs. Clinton would still win the nomination . She now has a Mrs. Clinton’s campaign 2 , 293 pledged delegates and superdelegates she needs 90 more to win Mr. Sanders’s although superdelegates can shift their support up to the Clinton Sanders has Mr. Sanders’s 533 pledged delegates and superdelegates California Mr. Sanders is now running Clinton Mrs. Clinton in California in public polls Clinton Ben Tulchin , Mr. our convention pollster , pointed to signs of Sanders Clinton in California among young people the nomination   — Sanders core Sanders constituencies superdelegates —    as evidence that he could win the state . But Hispanic Sanders also rising , which could benefit Mrs. Clinton . With Mr. Sanders California to campaign aggressively over the next three weeks , his Sanders in the state said they were focused Sanders winning the primary , not on November . " If you want to talk about historic November let ’s Sanders the record turnout California his rallies , " said Mayor Sanders Nguyen of Garden Grove Clinton a Sanders supporter . " Senator Sanders is n’t obliged to help Secretary Clinton if she wins . That California decision his team his supporters in the state make if they face Sanders choice . " Senator Jeff Merkley , Democrat of Oregon , Mr. Sanders Sanders lone endorser Clinton Sanders Clinton that the party ’s divisions would Senate if Mr. Sanders was driven from the race Sanders . " You ca n’t say to them , ‘ Hey we do n’t want to hear your Sanders the door on them , " Mr. Merkley said , his team and then a month later Mr. Merkley the party the party the party the door 