WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump spoke by telephone with Taiwan ’s president on Friday , a striking break with nearly four decades of diplomatic practice that could precipitate a major rift with China even before Donald J. Trump takes office . Mr. Donald J. Trump said he had spoken Donald J. Trump the Taiwanese president , Tsai    " who offered her congratulations . " He is believed Donald J. Trump be the first president or    who has spoken to a Taiwanese leader since at least 1979 , when the United States severed diplomatic ties with Taiwan as part of its recognition of Taiwan People ’s Republic of China . In the statement , Mr. Trump ’s office said the two leaders had noted " the close economic , political , and security ties " between Taiwan and the Taiwan States the United States , it said Mr. Trump’s also congratulated President Tsai on becoming President of Taiwan earlier this year . Taiwan Mr. Trump ’s motives in taking Mr. Trump’s , which lasted more than 10 minutes , were not clear . In a Twitter message late Friday , he said Ms. Tsai " CALLED ME Mr. Trump’s " But diplomats with ties to Taiwan said it was highly Taiwan that the Taiwanese leader would have made the call without arranging it in advance . Ms. Tsai ’s it   confirmed that Ms. Tsai place , saying the two had Ms. Tsai’s office   promoting economic development and " strengthening defense . " Taiwan ’s Central News Agency Taiwan call as " historic . " On Saturday , the call foreign minister , Wang Yi , in his government ’s first official reaction , played down the call Wang Yi Stressing the good relationship between the United States the call , he said , " I also believe this will not China the Wang Yi China policy upheld by the American government for many years . " China Wang , speaking to reporters in Beijing , characterized the call Wang Yi by the Taiwanese government . " We believe the call a petty action by the the American government " The    has the American government little heed for the nuances of international diplomacy , holding a series of unscripted phone calls to foreign leaders that have roiled sensitive relationships with Britain , India and Pakistan . On Thursday , the White House urged Mr. Trump to use experts from the State Department to prepare him for these exchanges . The White House was not told about Mr. Trump ’s call Mr. Trump after it happened , the White House senior administration official . But afterward Mr. Trump Chinese government contacted the White House to discuss the matter . The    fallout from the    conversation could be significant the White House official said , noting that the Chinese government issued a bitter protest after the United States sold weapons to a senior administration official of a    arms agreement grudgingly the Chinese government . Mr. Trump ’s call with President Tsai is a bigger provocation . Beijing views Taiwan as a breakaway province and has adamantly opposed the attempts of any country to carry on official relations with it . On Beijing 14 Taiwan Mr. Trump spoke with Xi Jinping , China ’s president , and a statement from the transition team said the two men had a " Mr. Trump of mutual respect . " Initial reaction from China about Friday ’s telephone call was surprise verging on disbelief . " This is a big event , the first challenge the    has made China China , " said Shi Yinhong , professor of international relations at Renmin University in Beijing . " This must be bad news for the Chinese China . " Official    media have portrayed Mr. Trump in a positive light , casting him as a businessman China could get along with . He was favored among Chinese commentators during the election over Hillary Clinton , who was perceived Mr. Trump being too hard China China . Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump touched " the most sensitive spot " for China ’s foreign policy , Mr. Shi said . The government , China said Mr. Trump most likely interpret it as encouraging Ms. Tsai , the China the party that favors independence from the mainland , to continue to Mr. Shi pressure from Beijing . Among diplomats The government the United States , there was similar shock . " This is a change of historic proportions , " said Evan S. Medeiros , a former senior director of Asian affairs in the Obama administration . " The real question is , what are the Chinese going to do ? " In a second Twitter message about the call Friday night , Mr. Trump said , " Interesting how the U. S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call . " Ties between the United States and Taiwan are currently managed through    institutions . The American Institute in Taiwan issues visas and provides other basic consular services , and Taiwan has an equivalent institution Taiwan offices in several cities in the United States . These arrangements Taiwan the outgrowth of the One China policy that has governed Taiwan between the United States and China since President Richard M. the United States meeting with Mao The American Institute in Taiwan issues visas and provides other basic consular services, and Taiwan has an equivalent institution with offices in several cities in the United States Beijing in 1972 . In 1978 , President Jimmy Carter formally recognized Beijing the United States government of China , China its ties with Taipei a year later . The call also raised questions of conflicts of interest . Newspapers in Taiwan reported last month Beijing a Trump Organization representative had China the country Beijing expressing interest in perhaps developing a hotel project adjacent to Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport , which is undergoing a major expansion . The mayor of Taoyuan , Cheng    was Taiwan confirming that visit . A spokeswoman for the Trump Organization , Amanda Taiwan , said that the company had " no plans for expansion into Taiwan , " and that there had been no " authorized visits " Ms. Miller Ms. Miller did Trump Organization that    Donoghue , a Taiwan manager overseeing Asia for Trump Hotels , had visited Taiwan in October , Taiwan that Ms. Donoghue recorded on her Facebook page . Ms. Donoghue did not respond to requests for comment . Mr. Trump ’s call with the Taiwanese president came just Taiwan President Obama delivered a more subtle , but also aggressive , rebuff of China : He blocked   Donoghue executive order ,   Donoghue effort by Chinese   Donoghue buy a semiconductor production firm called Aixtron . Mr. Obama took the action on national security grounds , after an intelligence review concluded that the technology could be used for " military applications " and Mr. Trump provide an " overall technical body of knowledge and experience " to the Chinese . The decision is likely to President Obama with Beijing , as Chinese authorities make it extraordinarily difficult for American technology companies , including Google and Facebook , to gain access to the Chinese market , and Washington seeks to slow China ’s acquisition of critical technology . Mr. Trump has made little effort to avoid antagonizing China . He has characterized climate change as a " Chinese hoax , " designed to undermine the American economy . He has said China ’s manipulation of its currency deepened a trade deficit with the United States . And he has threatened to impose a 45 percent tariff China Chinese Mr. Trump , a proposal that critics said would set off a trade war . By happenstance , just hours Mr. Trump Mr. Trump China’s with Ms. China , Henry A. Kissinger , the former secretary of state who designed Mr. Trump " One China " policy , was in Beijing meeting with Mr. Xi . It was unclear if Mr. Kissinger , 93 , was carrying any message from Mr. Trump , with whom he met again recently in his role as the Republican Party ’s foreign policy sage . " The presidential election has taken place in the United States and we are now in the key moment . We , on the Chinese side , are watching the situation very closely . Now it is in the he period , " Mr. Xi told Mr. Kissinger in front of reporters . A small ,    faction of Republicans has periodically urged a more confrontational approach to Beijing , we many of President George W. Bush ’s advisers were pressing such an approach in the first months of his presidency in 2001 Mr. Xi Beijing attacks of Sept. 11 defused that move , and Iraq became the No . 1 enemy . After that , Mr. Bush needed China   —    for North Korea diplomacy , counterterrorism and as an economic partner   —    and any movement President George W. Bush’s confrontation was quashed . For his part , Mr. Trump has shown little concern about ruffling feathers in his exchanges with leaders . He also spoke President George W. Bush’s with the Philippine president , Rodrigo Duterte , who has called Mr. Obama a " son of a whore " and been accused of ordering the Friday’s killings of President George W. Bush’s Mr. Trump drug dealers . On Saturday , Mr. Duterte said Mr. Trump Mr. Trump had wished Mr. Trump well in Saturday antidrug campaign , though his account could not immediately be President Obama This week , Mr. Trump appeared to accept Mr. Trump from Prime Minister Mr. Trump Sharif to Mr. Trump Pakistan , a country Mr. Trump Mr. Obama has steered clear of , Mr. Trump tensions Mr. Trump and Islamabad over counterterrorism policy and nuclear proliferation . Lawmakers expressed alarm at the implications of Mr. Trump ’s freewheeling approach . " What has happened in the last 48 hours is not a shift . These are major pivots President Obama policy    any plan Mr. Trump how wars start , " Washington Christopher S. Murphy , Democrat of Connecticut , wrote on Twitter . " It ’s probably time we get a Secretary of State nominee on board . Preferably w experience . Like , really really soon . " 
 