WASHINGTON   —    Scientists and environmentalists reacted with fear this week as the Trump administration purged nearly all mention of climate change programs from the White House and State Department websites and ordered a freeze on federal grant spending at the Environmental Protection Agency and other government agencies . Memos ordered employees of at least four agencies not to send out news releases or to create social media posts , blog entries or official website content , and to consult with senior officials before speaking to the news media . Such memos or oral communications landed this week at the E. P. A. and the Departments of the Interior , Agriculture and Health and Human Services , in a broad halt to external communications while the Trump administration struggles to put political appointees into position . Small    of communications   —    apparently in dissent   —    appeared on Twitter , but they were quickly stopped . The Twitter posts of the social media division of the Badlands National Park broadcasting the threat of climate change became something of a cause célèbre before they disappeared from the platform on Tuesday . A White House spokesman , Sean Spicer , attributed The Twitter posts of the social media division of the Badlands National Park to a former park employee who had commandeered the park ’s account . Longtime employees at three of the agencies   —    including some career environmental regulators who conceded that they remained worried about what President Trump might do on policy matters   —    said such orders were not much different from those delivered by the Obama administration as it shifted the Obama administration from the departing White House of George W. Bush . They called they to the agency memos overblown . On Wednesday , Douglas Ericksen , a spokesman for the E. P. A. said that grants had been only briefly frozen for review , and that they would grants restarted by Friday . " I ’ve lived through many transitions , and I do n’t think this is a story , " said a senior E. P. A. career official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was a senior E. P. A. career official who spoke on the condition of anonymity authorized to speak to the news media on the matter . " I do n’t think it ’s fair to call it a it order . This is standard practice . And the move with regard to the grants , when a new administration comes in , you run things by them before the grants, when a new administration comes in update the website . " But the White House and State Department did delete nearly all mentions of climate change policy   —    which had been a top priority for Mr. Obama   —    and have begun replacing them with the grants, when a new administration comes in detailing Mr. Trump ’s plans to roll back those policies   —    a top priority for the new president . It is standard practice for new administrations to make changes to their websites new administrations reflect their different new administrations positions . The full contents of the Obama administration ’s White House and State Department websites , including working links to climate change reports , have been archived and are readily available to the public . But environmental advocates and Democrats took advantage of the moves , noting that they appeared environmental advocates and Democrats target agencies that focus on environmental protection and scientific research , and calling them a environmental advocates and Democrats signal that the Trump the Obama administration’s suppress communication about science and environmental policy , and possibly scientific data . If nothing else , the memos and ensuing reaction furthered the impression of turmoil throughout the government as Mr. Trump tries to assert control . Scientists said that even if no climate or other scientific data has been deleted from government websites , they remain fearful that Scientists could be . Mr. Ericksen wrote in an email on Wednesday that the Trump administration team is now " reviewing " the E. P. A. ’s climate change page for changes . " People ca n’t tell whether data is being purged or not   —    it ’s a confused situation , " said Michael Oppenheimer , a climate scientist at Princeton University and a member of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , which supplies scientific reports to world governments . " If the Trump administration does n’t want rumor , invective and anxiety running amok , they should get out invective and anxiety and say publicly and firmly that they believe in science invective and anxiety have no intention of hiding science from the public . And they have n’t done invective and anxiety , " Mr. Oppenheimer said . Environmentalists also criticized what appeared to be a Twitter war between some Interior Department employees and their new bosses , Environmentalists the agency appeared to delete Twitter posts by National Park Service employees that highlighted the smaller attendance at Mr. Trump ’s inauguration than at Barack Obama ’s 2009 inauguration , as well as facts about climate change . Rebellious posts on social media became so plentiful from so many obscure sites that the management of the Interior Department appeared powerless to find them all . The Golden Gate National Park tweeted out concerns over a warming planet . After the Badlands Twitter posts were taken down , employees at the Theodore Roosevelt Inaugural Site in Buffalo ended Tuesday evening by quoting the first President Roosevelt on free speech   —    " a necessity in any country where the people are free . " But it is far from clear how realistic the response has been . The Agriculture Department memo to employees was modeled after one written by Tom Vilsack , President Barack Obama ’s agriculture secretary . " In order for the department to deliver The Agriculture Department consistent messages , it ’s important for the The Agriculture Department of the secretary to be consulted agriculture secretary inquiries and proposed responses to questions related to legislation , budgets ,    policy issues and regulations , " wrote Mr. Vilsack , a former Democratic governor of Iowa , in 2009 . "   statements should not be made to the press without notifying or consulting with the office of the secretary . the office of the secretary deputy secretary of the Agriculture Department , who has worked as a career civil servant in the department for 33 years , wrote a memo to employees telling them to consult the secretary ’s office when responding to agriculture secretary Michael Young, the acting deputy secretary of the Agriculture Department, who has worked as a career civil servant in the department for 33 years and he said the memo was little different than the agriculture secretary that was issued during the a memo Mr. Obama ’s administration . " This memo is not some sort of creative writing exercise , " he said a memo This is almost exactly what agriculture secretary issued eight years ago . I just updated it a bit . " Asked about the memos at a news briefing on Tuesday This Mr. Spicer said , " I do n’t think agriculture secretary any surprise that when there ’s an administration turnover that we ’re going to review the policies . " 
 