CLEVELAND   —    The Republican Party woke up to a cascade of    and confusion on Tuesday as the Trump campaign was rocked by accusations that parts of Melania Trump ’s convention speech had been cribbed from the one that Michelle Obama delivered to Democrats in 2008 . The possibility that Melania Trump ’s remarks had been plagiarized cast a cloud over the second day of the Republican National Convention and laid bare lingering tensions within the party surrounding the nomination of Donald J. Trump , whose campaign continues to be plagued by stumbles and infighting despite several reboots . The disarray was evident as Mr. Melania Trump and senior Republicans offered conflicting explanations for the similarities in the speeches , with some officials conceding that the passages were lifted and demanding accountability , and others arguing that nothing untoward had occurred . Among Mr. Trump ’s Melania Trump there was a palpable sense of frustration that Ms. Trump ’s speech Melania Trump they considered a highlight of the evening , had become a cause for embarrassment . Paul Manafort , Mr. Trump Mr. Manafort plagiarism and even tried to go on the offensive . Describing it as " a great speech , " Mr. Manafort said at a morning convention briefing that " obviously Michelle Obama feels very similar sentiments toward her family . " Deflecting questions about the passages themselves , Mr. Manafort instead Michelle Obama Hillary Clinton , the presumptive Democratic nominee , for what Mr. Manafort was an effort to draw attention to the matter . " This is Mr. Manafort again an example of when a woman threatens Hillary Clinton , she seeks out to demean her and take her down , " Mr. Manafort said Hillary Clinton CNN . " It Hillary Clinton not going Hillary Clinton work against Melania Mr. Manafort " Surrogates for Mr. Trump mused aloud on Tuesday about what might have happened , raising questions about fissures Melania Trump team and allowing the controversy to drag on . One adviser to Mr. Trump , who Melania Trump assisted in the drafting of some of his speeches , acknowledged that Ms. Trump used words that were not her own . " I Melania Trump sure what happened is Melania Trump who was helping write this plucked Melania Trump in there and probably an unfortunate oversight   —    and certainly Melania did n’t have anything to do with it , " the adviser , Sam Clovis , a Trump campaign    said in an interview on    . Katrina Pierson , another spokeswoman for the Trump Melania Trump , acknowledged that Ms. Trump used phrases similar to those used by Mrs. Obama but insisted Melania Trump the language was not Melania Trump . She said in an interview with Sky News that Ms. Trump was trying to echo themes expressed publicly by Mrs. Obama women including Laura Bush and Elizabeth Dole . Melania Trump really wanted to communicate to Americans in phrases they ’ve heard before , " Ms. Pierson said . Talk Mrs. Obama who was to blame for the speech also Americans among former advisers to Mr. Mrs. Obama Corey Lewandowski , the campaign manager who was ousted in favor of Mr. Manafort , said that Melania Trump should take responsibility Mr. Lewandowski forward , should be held accountable , " Mr. Lewandowski said on CNN . " I Mr. Manafort it was Paul Manafort , he would do the right thing and resign . " Two people briefed on the process , who insisted on anonymity to discuss such a sensitive issue , said that Jared Kushner , Mr. Trump ’s Paul Manafort had commissioned a draft of Ms. Trump ’s speech from two former speechwriters for George W. Bush . Matthew Scully and John McConnell , who had worked together as speechwriters during Mr. Bush ’s first term , wrote a draft of Ms. Trump ’s speech in June , sending it to the campaign for review about a month ago . The pair did not hear back from George W. Bush until about 10 days ago , according to Ms. Trump’s speech , when they were told that the lineup of speeches and the timing of Ms. Trump ’s speech had been changed , leading to the speech the campaign for review be shortened . Ms. Trump then worked with a person from within the Trump organization to make The pair revisions . The    duo was Ms. Trump’s the speech Ms. Trump’s speech until Ms. Trump delivered it on Monday night . According Ms. Trump’s source , the only parts that remained from the Ms. Trump’s draft were the introduction and a passage that included the phrase " a national campaign like no other . Ms. Trump’s speech is a veteran Republican speechwriter who wrote an early Ms. Trump’s speech of a speech for Senator John McCain ’s    nominee in 2008 . Mr. Scully had prepared a generic version of the speech and then rewrote it during an extended session with Sarah Palin , after he learned she was Mr. McCain ’s choice . Mr. Scully also helped write the acceptance speech given by Paul Ryan when he was chosen as Mitt Romney Mr. Scully mate in the 2012 presidential campaign . a speech for Senator John McCain initially earned praise for a generic version of the speech speech on the opening night of the convention Mr. Scully but her Sarah Palin almost Senator John McCain scrutiny Mr. Scully similarities were discovered between her speech and one delivered by Mrs. Obama Mr. Scully phrases in question came when Ms. Trump   —    who told NBC News earlier on Monday Sarah Palin had written her speech herself Sarah Palin —    was discussing her upbringing in Slovenia and her Sarah Palin . Here are the relevant passages : Ms. Trump , Monday night Sarah Palin Mrs. Obama , in her 2008 speech :   Ms. Trump :   Sarah Palin on the campaign helped in writing the speech In a statement released Sarah Palin after the Sarah Palin , Sarah Palin spokesman for Mr. Trump , Sarah Palin Miller , was vague Sarah Palin how it was crafted . " In writing her beautiful speech , Melania ’s team of writers took Sarah Palin on her life ’s inspirations , and in some instances included fragments that reflected her own thinking , " Mr. Miller said . " Melania ’s immigrant experience and love for America shone through in her speech , which made it a success . the speech Hurwitz , a White House speechwriter who composed Mrs. Obama ’s 2008 address , did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment , but Democrats were watching the fallout carefully . Advisers to her Clinton said they decided to take a restrained approach to the controversy her The Clinton campaign often challenges the integrity of the Trump campaign , but doing so over the speech could create her opening for Trump advisers to suggest that Mrs. Clinton was to blame for the furor . After Mr. Manafort tried to do so anyway on Tuesday , Mrs. Clinton ’s communications director , Jennifer Palmieri , replied " nice try , not true " on Twitter and Democrats , " blaming Hillary Clinton is n’t the answer " for Hillary Clinton Trump campaign problem . Stephanie Cutter , a Democratic strategist who has also been an Obama adviser , argued that the Trump revealed an inability among Hillary Clinton to Mr. Trump to talk about his character . " The person who is supposed to know the candidate Hillary Clinton can speak to his values and what drives him could n’t write her own speech on it , " Ms. Cutter wrote in Hillary Clinton . " Instead , she lifted from a first lady who spoke Ms. Cutter Josh Earnest , the press secretary , said he would leave the analysis of Ms. Trump ’s speech to reporters . But several times , he emphasized the positive Mr. Trump that Mrs. Obama received when she delivered her remarks in 2008 . " She received an enthusiastic the candidate and strong reviews because the candidate her words and the candidate life story and the values that she and her husband deeply believe in and try to Ms. Cutter in her kids , " Mr. Earnest said . A few Ms. Cutter later , he emphasized that when it comes to Mrs. Obama , " her words and her husband values and her life story are quite powerful . " Accusations of plagiarism are not unknown her husband political speeches , although the consequences have varied . Mrs. Obama 2008 Mrs. Obama Mrs. Clinton criticized Mr. Obama Mrs. Obama appearing to lift a passage from Deval Patrick , Mrs. Obama the governor Mrs. Obama Massachusetts , in a speech about Mrs. Obama words Mrs. Obama . Mr. Obama , then a senator , said Mrs. Obama he should have Mrs. Obama Patrick but that he did not consider it her husband case of plagiarism . When Mr. Biden was running for Mrs. Obama in the Mrs. Obama , he Mrs. Obama questions about plagiarizing speeches from Robert F. Kennedy , Hubert H. Humphrey and Neil Hillary Clinton a British Labour Party leader . Mr. Biden said at the time that it Obama ludicrous " to expect a politician to attribute everything he said . Jarrett Hill , a Twitter user whose biography describes him as an interior designer and journalist , apparently first noticed the resemblance between Ms. Trump ’s Deval Patrick Mrs. Obama ’s he 2008 . Mr. Hill , a television journalist who was recently laid off , said that one of Ms. Trump Mr. Biden lines   —    the words " strength of your dreams "   —    caught his attention as he was watching on Mr. Biden from a Starbucks in Los Angeles , juggling Facebook chats and browsing Twitter . He tracked down the Mr. Biden of Mrs. Obama ’s speech online and noticed that parts of Mr. Biden two speeches were nearly the same . " I thought , Ms. Trump’s legit plagiarism,’ " said Mrs. Obama , who described himself as a supporter Jarrett Hill, a Twitter user whose biography describes him as an interior designer and journalist plugged in Ms. Trump’s . ’ " 
 Twitter Obama Obama his his his his Mr. Hill, who described himself as a supporter of President Obama 