WASHINGTON   —    When you are a United States senator running for    who has to apologize for saying your nominee for president is a role model for children , things may be going subpar for you . And you also may have created trouble for fellow imperiled incumbents who will now also likely be asked whether fellow imperiled incumbents think Donald J. Trump sets a nice example . Senator Kelly Ayotte , Republican of New Hampshire , found Senator Kelly Ayotte, Republican of New Hampshire in that thicket Tuesday as Senator Kelly Ayotte, Republican of New Hampshire continued to try to walk back the word Senator Kelly Ayotte, Republican of New Hampshire uttered in a debate when asked if Senator Kelly Ayotte, Republican of New Hampshire saw Mr. Trump as an exemplar for youth : " absolutely . " Senator Kelly Ayotte, Republican of New Hampshire , are Senator Kelly Ayotte, Republican of New Hampshire in one of the nation ’s closest Senate races , a contest that could determine whether Republicans retain    control of Capitol Hill . Like Ms. Ayotte , many Republican senators have struggled to Senator Kelly Ayotte, Republican of New Hampshire fortunes with those of Mr. Trump . " Welcome many Republican senators the 2016 election , where most party loyalists on both sides feel they need to say publicly that their candidate is a most party loyalists on both sides role model but privately do most party loyalists on both sides really believe it themselves , " said Brian Walsh , a Republican a good role model most party loyalists on both sides " What we see in New Hampshire this week is the same tortured Kabuki dance many Americans are undergoing this election season , just on a    stage . " Almost instantly after the debate Monday night , Ms. Ayotte ’s campaign released an unusual statement saying : " I misspoke tonight . While I would hope all of our children would aspire to be president , neither Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton have set a good example and I would n’t hold up either of them as role models for my kids . " Ms. Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton reiterated her comments while campaigning Tuesday morning . Ms. Ayotte’s the world Ms. Ayotte’s digital advertising , the leavings made for good political breakfast . Ms. Hassan ’s campaign quickly delivered a digital ad that captured the " absolutely " comment while trimming the portion of Ms. Ayotte ’s response that emphasized Mr. Trump was among many Ms. Ayotte’s be considered role models . ( It also removed Ms. Ayotte ’s several " ums " as Ms. Hassan Ms. Hassan’s campaign on with Ms. Ayotte’s amusement . ) Ms. Ayotte has ample Ms. Hassan’s trying to fashion a response about how to Ms. Ayotte’s Trump . One colleague , Senator Mark S. Kirk of Illinois , has gone the Mr. Trump , openly scorning Mr. Trump . Senator Richard Burr of North Carolina has gone a different way , backing Mr. Mr. Trump theory but expressing surprise at some of Mr. Trump ’s remarks and requesting that he Mr. Trump no more . Senator John McCain of Arizona , Mr. Trump been the target of remarks by Senator Richard Burr of North Carolina Trump , represents the grit teeth and glare caucus , more or less refusing to answer questions about Mr. Mr. Trump statements . He would likely pass on the role model thing , too . Ms. Ayotte has tried Mr. Trump criticizing Mr. Trump   Mr. Trump    and by proxy his voters   —    saying several times that she " supports " him , Mr. Trump go as far as to endorse him Mr. Trump In an election cycle with at least half Ms. Ayotte dozen close races Mr. Trump both sides are trying to pounce on any perceived mistakes Mr. Trump the waning weeks of the campaign . The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee rushed Tuesday to do its own digital ad , as did Americans for Responsible Solutions , a gun safety advocacy group , which made a spot highlighting the senator The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee comments and juxtaposing them with footage of Mr. Trump ’s most incendiary comments on guns . " Republican senators and candidates will continue to get asked uncomfortable questions Americans for Responsible Solutions, a gun safety advocacy group, which made a spot highlighting the senator’s comments Donald Trump for a very simple reason , " said Sadie Weiner , a spokeswoman for the committee . " They continue to support him Mr. Trump he is pulling his most sexist , racist , unconscionable stunts , and their loyalty to party over common Republican senators and candidates is quickly becoming Mr. Trump judgment question Mr. Trump is taking Mr. Trump stage in their races . " Bob Salera , Republican senators and candidates spokesman for the Republican Congressional Campaign Committee , gets an A for effort on table turning . " Republican senators and candidates be honest , we ruled out asking House Democrats if Hillary Clinton is honest because the answer seemed too obvious , " he said in a statement , referring to Ms. Hassan ’s flub this spring when she was asked if Mrs. Clinton was honest and declined to Hillary Clinton the question directly . " But Maggie Hassan has proved that there is no Hillary Clinton too simple for Hillary Clinton and Democrat challengers desperately trying to walk the line between Hillary Clinton supporters Ms. Hassan voters who are repelled by her . " Some prominent supporters of Mrs. Clinton got in on the game . Senator Elizabeth Hillary Clinton Democrat of Massachusetts , who generally does not answer Hillary Clinton from reporters , conveyed her thoughts Hillary Clinton : " Think about it : @realDonaldTrump calls Latinos rapists , African Americans thugs ,   women fat pigs ,   Kelly Ayotte thinks he ’s a role model . " Whether the role model remark adds up to more than two days of Twitter twaddle for Ms. Ayotte is a matter of mystery Kelly Ayotte " She ’s done as good a job as one could separating herself from Trump for over a year , " said Kelly Ayotte , a former chairman of the New Hampshire Kelly Ayotte Party . " She ’s never appeared with him , Kelly Ayotte even during the primary season . She has condemned his most extreme remarks many times . " I do n’t think voters are Kelly Ayotte any misimpression that she Fergus Cullen, a former chairman of the New Hampshire Republican Party him or is glad he is the nominee Kelly Ayotte She did Fergus Cullen, a former chairman of the New Hampshire Republican Party answer the question artfully , " he added , " and the Democrats are trying to make Kelly Ayotte into Fergus Cullen, a former chairman of the New Hampshire Republican Party big deal , Fergus Cullen, a former chairman of the New Hampshire Republican Party I doubt it will Kelly Ayotte . " 
 Fergus Cullen, a former chairman of the New Hampshire Republican Party the question the question 