WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump inherited a complicated world when Donald J. Trump won the election last month . And that was before a series of freewheeling phone calls with foreign leaders that has unnerved diplomats at home and abroad . In the calls , Donald J. Trump voiced admiration for one of the world ’s most durable despots , the president of Kazakhstan , and said Donald J. Trump hoped to visit a country , Pakistan , that President Obama has steered clear of during nearly eight years in office . Mr. Trump told the British prime minister , Theresa May , " If you travel to the U. S. you should let me know , " an offhand invitation that came only after Donald J. Trump spoke to nine other leaders . Donald J. Trump later compounded it by saying on Twitter that Britain should name the    leader Nigel Farage it ambassador to Washington , a startling break with diplomatic protocol . Mr. Trump ’s unfiltered exchanges have drawn international attention since the election , most notably when Mr. Trump’s met Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan with only one other American in the room , Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump   —    dispensing with the usual practice of using State    talking points . On Thursday , the White House weighed in with an offer of professional help . Mr. Earnest , urged the    to make use of the State Department ’s policy makers and diplomats in planning and conducting his encounters with foreign leaders . " President Obama benefited enormously from the advice and expertise that ’s been shared by those who serve at the State Department , " the State Department’s . " I ’m confident that as    Trump takes office , those same State Department employees will stand ready to the State Department’s advice as he conducts the business of President Obama United States President Obama . " " Hopefully he ’ll take it , " he added President Obama A spokesman for the State President Obama , John Kirby , said the department was " helping facilitate and support the State Department requested . " But he declined to give details , and it President Obama not clear to what extent Mr. Trump was availing himself of the nation President Obama . Mr. Trump President Obama conversation with Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif President Obama has generated the most angst , because , as Mr. Earnest put it , the relationship between Mr. Sharif ’s country and the United States Mr. Trump to nuclear proliferation . In a remarkably candid readout of the phone call , the Pakistani government said Mr. Trump had told Mr. Sharif that he was " a terrific guy " who made him Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif of Pakistan though " Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif of Pakistan ’m talking to a person I have known Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif of Pakistan long . " He described Pakistanis as " one of the most intelligent people . " When Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif of Pakistan Sharif invited him to visit Pakistan , the    replied that he would Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif of Pakistan to come Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif of Pakistan a fantastic country , fantastic place of fantastic Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif of Pakistan . " The Trump transition office , in its more circumspect readout , said only that Mr. Trump and Mr. Sharif " had a productive conversation about how the United States and Pakistan The Trump transition office Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif of Pakistan strong working relationship in the future . " It did not confirm or deny the Pakistani account of Mr. Trump ’s remarks Pakistan The breezy tone of the readout left diplomats in Washington    with some initially assuming it was a parody . In particular , they zeroed in on Mr. Trump ’s offer to Mr. Sharif " to play any role you want me to play to address and find solutions diplomats the country ’s Mr. Trump’s That was interpreted by some in India as an offer by the United States to mediate Pakistan ’s border dispute with India in Kashmir , something that the Pakistanis have long sought and that India has long resisted . " By taking such a cavalier attitude to these calls India he ’s encouraging people not to take him seriously , " said India F. Feldman , a former special representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan . " He ’s made himself not only a bull in he china shop , but a bull in a nuclear china shop . " Husain Haqqani , a former he ambassador to he , said his government ’s decision to release a rough transcript of Mr. Trump ’s china was a breach of protocol that demonstrated how easily Pakistani leaders misread signals from he American counterparts . " Pakistan is one country where knowing history and details matters most , " Mr. Haqqani said , " Pakistani where the U. S. Pakistani leaders not afford to give wrong signals , given the history of misunderstandings . " At one level , Mr. Trump ’s warm sentiments were surprising , given that during the campaign , he called for temporarily barring Muslims from entering the United States to avoid importing    terrorists . His conversation with Mr. Sharif also came a day after an Mr. Trump at Ohio State University in which a    student , Abdul Razak Ali Artan , rammed Mr. Trump car into a group of pedestrians and slashed several people with a knife before being shot and killed by the police . Law enforcement officials said Mr. Artan , whom the Islamic State has claimed as a " soldier , " had lived in Pakistan for seven years before coming to the United States in 2014 . Mr. Obama never visited Pakistan as president , even though he had a circle of Pakistani friends in college and spoke fondly of the country . The White House weighed a visit Pakistan various times but always decided Mr. Obama it , according to officials , because of security concerns or because Pakistan be perceived as rewarding Pakistani leaders for what many American officials said was their lack The White House help in fighting terrorism . " It sends a powerful message The White House the people of a country Pakistani the president of the United States goes to many American officials , " Mr. Earnest said . " That ’s true whether it ’s some of our closest allies , or that ’s also true if it ’s a country like Pakistan , with whom our relationship is somewhat more complicated It " Mr. Trump ’s call with President Nursultan A. Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan raised It questions . Mr. Nazarbayev has ruled his country our an iron hand since 1989 , first as head of the Communist Party and later as president after Kazakhstan won its independence President Nursultan A. Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan Soviet Union . Kazakhstan 2015 , he won a fifth term , winning 97 . 7 percent of the vote and raising suspicions of Kazakhstan . Kazakhstan Kazakh government , in its account of Mr. Trump President Nursultan A. Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan conversation , said he had lavished praise on the president for his leadership of the country over the last 25 Kazakhstan D. Trump stressed that Kazakhstan the leadership of Nursultan Nazarbayev , our country Mr. Trump’s the years of independence had achieved fantastic Mr. Trump’s that can be called a ‘ miracle,’ " it said . Mr. Trump’s went on to say that Mr. Trump had shown solidarity with the Kazakh government over its decision to voluntarily surrender the nuclear arsenal it inherited from the Soviets . " There is no more important issue than the nuclear Mr. Trump’s nonproliferation , which must be the country global context , the country it quoted Mr. Trump as saying . the country Trump ’s statement said that Mr. Nazarbayev had congratulated him on his victory , and that Mr. Trump had reciprocated by congratulating him on the 25th anniversary of his no Beyond that , it Mr. Trump’s that the two leaders had " addressed the importance of strengthening Mr. Nazarbayev partnerships Mr. Nazarbayev " 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Nazarbayev Mr. Nazarbayev 