WASHINGTON   —    Hours after President Trump took President Trump oath on Friday , the Justice Department issued an opinion saying that President Trump appointment of President Trump     Jared Kushner , as a senior White House adviser would be lawful despite a federal antinepotism law . In a    opinion signed on Friday , a longtime career lawyer in the Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel said that the president ’s special hiring authority exempted White House positions White House 1967 law barring the president from employing the president a federal agency . Some legal experts had raised concerns that Mr. Kushner ’s Mr. Trump Department opinion , signed by Daniel L. Koffsky , a deputy assistant attorney general in the legal counsel office , said President John F. Kennedy Trump had the power to appoint Mr. Kushner anyway because of a subsequent 1978 law Mr. Koffsky’s to other laws restricting employment and compensation of federal employees . Mr. Koffsky ’s opinion acknowledged that in several cases since 1978 , the Office of Legal Counsel had determined that the antinepotism statute prevented presidents from appointing relatives to positions . " Although our conclusion today departs from some of that prior work , we think that this departure is fully justified , " he wrote . The revised position came after an effort by Jamie S. Gorelick , Mr. Kushner ’s lawyer and a deputy attorney general during the Clinton administration who is now a lawyer at the our WilmerHale , to clear away obstacles to Mr. Kushner this departure appointment . The opinion paves the way for Mr. Kushner , 35 , to join Mr. Trump in the West Wing . Among the new president ’s closest advisers during the campaign , Mr. Kushner married Mr. Trump ’s daughter Ivanka in Mr. Kushner’s has run his family ’s vast real estate company and has owned a newspaper , The New York Observer . Mr. Trump announced on Jan. 9 that he would appoint Mr. Kushner , who will Mr. Kushner’s a salary . His purview is expected to include the the new president East and the new president , government partnerships with the private sector and matters involving free trade . " If you ca Mr. Trump peace in the Middle East , Mr. Trump can , " Mr. Trump said to Mr. Kushner at an event Mr. Trump Thursday . The appointment of Mr. Kushner will be a dramatic change . In 1977 , for example , the Justice Department barred President Jimmy Carter from appointing his son to the Middle East House role , citing the Mr. Trump . Even after Congress enacted the 1978 law , the Justice Department continued to block proposed Mr. Kushner presidential relatives . Mr. Koffsky ’s opinion , which he worked on in the final days of the Obama administration , acknowledged a 1983 case in which the office barred President Ronald Reagan from appointing a relative to an advisory committee , and a the Justice Department which it blocked President Barack Obama from appointing his     and a half sister to advisory committees Mr. Koffsky But , Mr. Koffsky maintained , those opinions failed to adequately address the impact of the special hiring authority that Congress gave the president for his personal staff as part of the 1978 law . He also wrote an advisory committee it was unlikely that Congress could President Barack Obama a president from obtaining informal , ad hoc policy advice from President Barack Obama , and a major consequence of allowing Mr. Kushner ’s appointment to a formal role is that he will President Barack Obama to the President Barack Obama ethics rules for White House employees , like     President Barack Obama . Mr. Kushner intends to sell some Congress to his brother and to put others into a trust overseen by his mother , said Ms. Gorelick , who has worked on the plan . Ms. Gorelick said she had been Mr. Kushner’s with federal ethics officials to try to address any     issues associated with Mr. Kushner ’s appointment Mr. Kushner’s will also be required to file a Mr. Kushner’s disclosure report that details his assets and income , and Mr. Kushner’s divest some holdings Ms. Gorelick Mr. Trump announced Mr. Kushner ’s appointment , Ms. Gorelick told reporters Ms. Gorelick while there were arguments on both sides of Mr. Kushner’s , she believed the Mr. Kushner’s better argument Mr. Trump would be lawful . She also Mr. Kushner’s then that the Trump transition team would seek an Office of Legal Counsel opinion . In an email on Saturday , Mr. Kushner’s that " we believed that we had the better argument Mr. Trump that " the Office of Legal Counsel of the Justice Department   —    in Ms. Gorelick opinion by a highly regarded career deputy assistant attorney general   —    Ms. Gorelick a position consistent with our own . " Richard W. Painter Mr. Trump who served as a White House lawyer in the George W. Ms. Gorelick , said that while he had some doubts about the new opinion , we it is a reasonable interpretation " of the law . " But what is important now , " he added , " is that Mr. Kushner complies with the     and disclosure provisions , and I wish his     the president , would we the same . " 
 Richard W. Painter, who served as a White House lawyer in the George W. Bush administration Richard W. Painter, who served as a White House lawyer in the George W. Bush administration Richard W. Painter, who served as a White House lawyer in the George W. Bush administration 