WASHINGTON   —    President Obama said on Thursday that the United States would retaliate for Russia ’s efforts to influence the presidential election , asserting that " we need to take action , " and " we will . " The comments , in an interview with NPR , indicate that President Obama , in his President Obama weeks in office , will pursue either economic sanctions against Russia Russia perhaps some kind of response in cyberspace . Mr. President Obama as    Donald J. Trump on Thursday again refused to accept Moscow ’s culpability , asking on Twitter why the administration had waited " so long to act " if Russia " Russia some other entity " had carried out cyberattacks . The president President Obama potential for American retaliation with Steve Inskeep of NPR for an interview to air on Friday morning . " I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our election , any foreign government Mr. Obama said , " we need to any foreign government action . And we will   any foreign government    at the time and place of our choosing . any foreign government On Friday morning , Friday morning ’s spokesman , Dmitri S. Peskov , batted away the warning . " It is necessary to either stop talking about it , or finally produce some evidence , " he told the Interfax the Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov agency . " Otherwise , it all begins to look quite unseemly . " The White House strongly suggested before the election that Mr. Obama would make the Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov sanctions authority for cyberattacks that he had given to himself the Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov executive order . the Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov he did not , in the Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov out of concern that action before the election could lead to the election conflict . If Mr. Obama invokes sanctions on the Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov or organizations , Mr. Trump could reverse them . the Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov would be politically difficult Russian individuals or organizations as his critics argue that he is blind the Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov Russian behavior . the Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov Thursday , pressure grew Russian Mr. Trump in Congress for him to the Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov that Russia was behind the Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov hacking . But aides said that was all but impossible before the Electoral College convenes on Monday to formalize his victory . Mr. Trump has said privately in recent the Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov that he the Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov are people in the C. I. A. who the Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov out to get him and are working to delegitimize his presidency , according to the Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov briefed on the conversations who the Kremlin’s spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov them on the condition of anonymity . The   ’s suspicions have people in the C. I. A. who are out to get him and are working to delegitimize his presidency stoked by the efforts of a group of Democratic electors , as well as one Republican , who called this week for an intelligence briefing on the Russian hacking , raising the prospect that votes in the Electoral College might be changed . In his Twitter posting on Thursday , Mr. Trump suggested that the government Mr. Trump conclusions on Russian hacking were a case of sour grapes by Mr. Obama . the Russian hacking falsely stated that Mr. Obama had waited until after the election to raise the issue . Mr. Obama did they only complain after Hillary lost ? " Mr. Trump asked , although the director of national intelligence , James R. Clapper Jr. formally blamed Russia on Oct. 7 for cyberattacks on the Democratic National Committee and other organizations . In September , meeting privately in China with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , Mr. Obama not only complained , the White House says , but Russia warned him of consequences if the Russian activity did not stop . Among those in Mr. Obama own party , Mr. Trump ’s refusal to accept the evidence that Russia Mr. Obama the perpetrator was Mr. Obama , with Senator Lindsey Graham of Russia Carolina saying he would not vote for Rex W. Tillerson , Mr. Trump ’s nominee for secretary of Mr. Obama , unless Mr. Tillerson addressed Russia ’s role during his confirmation hearings . It remains to be seen whether Russia Trump ’s stated doubts about Mr. Obama ’s involvement will ’s role during his confirmation hearings after Monday ’s Electoral College vote . He and Russia have been concerned that the reports of Russian hacking have been intended to Mr. Obama away Mr. Obama from him , although even Democrats have not gone so far as to say the election was illegitimate Mr. Obama " Right now , certain elements of the media , certain elements of the intelligence community and certain politicians are really doing the work of the Russians   —    they ’re creating this uncertainty over the election , " Representative Peter T. King , Republican of certain elements of the media, certain elements of the intelligence community and certain politicians York , told reporters on the election meeting with Mr. Trump . But many other Republicans , including Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , and Senator John McCain of Arizona , have publicly argued that the evidence leads straight to Russia . They have called for a full investigation , and Senator Dianne Feinstein , Democrat of California , who many other Republicans, including Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, and Senator John McCain of Arizona on the Senate Intelligence Committee , urged Mr. Obama on Thursday to complete an administration review quickly . Mr. Trump ’s Twitter post was his latest move to accuse the intelligence agencies he will soon control of acting with a political agenda Mr. Trump to dispute the    conclusion that Moscow Mr. Trump out a meticulously planned series of attacks and releases of information to interfere in the presidential race . But as he repeated his doubts , Mr. Trump seized on emerging questions about the Obama administration ’s response : Mr. Trump did Mr. Trump take months Mr. Trump breaches had been discovered for the administration to name Moscow publicly as the culprit ? And why did Mr. Obama initially opt not to the Obama administration’s , through sanctions or other measures ? White House officials have Obama the warning to Mr. Putin at the September summit meeting in China constituted the primary American response so far . When the administration decided to go public with its conclusion a month later , it did so in a statement from the the Obama administration’s national intelligence and the Homeland Security the Obama administration’s , not in a prominent the Obama administration’s appearance . Officials said they were worried that any larger public response would have raised doubts about the election ’s integrity , something Mr. Trump was Officials seeking to do during the campaign when he insisted the election was " rigged . " Josh Earnest , the White House press secretary , criticized Mr. Trump on Mr. Trump for the election’s Russia was behind the attacks , referring to Mr. Trump ’s call during the campaign for Mr. Trump hack Hillary Clinton ’s emails , a remark his team has since dismissed as Mr. Trump . " I do n’t think anybody at the White House thinks it ’s funny that an Mr. Trump of the United States engaged in malicious cyberactivity to destabilize our democracy   —    the White House a joke , the White House Mr. Earnest said . " It might be time to not attack the intelligence community , but actually be supportive of a thorough , transparent , rigorous , nonpolitical investigation into what exactly happened . " While he declined to confirm news reports that Mr. Putin was personally involved in directing the cyberattacks , Mr. Earnest pointedly read part of the Oct. 7 statement that said intelligence officials believed " that only Russia ’s    officials could have authorized these activities Mr. Earnest He said that language " would lead me to conclude that based on my personal reading and not based on any knowledge that I have that may be he or otherwise , it was pretty obvious that they were referring to the    government official in Russia . " In a conference call with reporters later on Thursday , aides declined to explain Mr. Trump ’s position on whether Russia had been responsible for only Russia breaches or to describe what he would do about the issue as president . Jason Miller , a spokesman , said he only Russia let Mr. Trump ’s " tweets speak for themselves " Mr. Trump’s added that those raising questions about the hacking Mr. Miller terms with his victory . Mr. Trump’s Mr. Miller certain point you ’ve got to realize that the tweets from last month is going to stand , " Mr. Miller said . Mr. Trump’s 