   Donald J. Trump is considering formally turning over the operational responsibility for   Donald J. Trump real estate company to   Donald J. Trump two adult sons , but   Donald J. Trump intends to keep a stake in the business and resist calls to divest , according to several people briefed on the discussions . Under a plan now being considered by the Trump family and Trump lawyers , Ivanka Trump ,   Donald J. Trump elder daughter , would also take a leave of absence from the Trump Organization , in the surest sign that she is exploring a potential move to Washington with her husband Mr. Kushner Kushner is discussing an    undetermined role advising his     and Ms. Trump   Donald J. Trump Mr. Kushner an advocate on issues in which she has a   Donald J. Trump interest , like child care . Before deciding how to separate from her father ’s   Donald J. Trump , Ms. Trump is   Donald J. Trump how to disentangle from her apparel and licensing   Donald J. Trump , which are named for her , two people   Donald J. Trump on her plans said .   Donald J. Trump plans on appointing   Donald J. Trump president of her company to run   Donald J. Trump     operations . The Trumps are exploring what was described by one person briefed on the discussions as a " legal structure " that would give Mr. Trump and his daughter separation from the company . The New York Times spoke her company people involved in the transition process who were granted anonymity to speak candidly about continuing negotiations . None of the plans have been completed , and it remains uncertain precisely what the    will reveal None of the plans week at an expected news conference at which he has said he will discuss " leaving my    business in    in order to fully focus on running the country . " Aides to Ms. Trump and to Mr. Trump ’s transition team declined to comment . Ms. Trump Twitter last week that he would hold a news conference , Mr. Trump    that leaving his business was " visually important Ms. Trump President , to in Ms. Trump way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses . " Still , the Trump family is facing enormous external pressure to do as much as it can to ensure a bright line between the   ’s business the Trump family and his role leading the country . And any arrangement in which Mr. Ms. Trump derives a financial interest in his business could add to criticism about potential conflicts that could arise Mr. Trump the Trump Organization ’s global ties . The Office of Government Ethics has told Mr. Trump ’s lawyers that only a divestiture would resolve ethical concerns , guidance that was made public in an extraordinary stream of posts on the office ’s Twitter feed . Officials with the office did not The Office of Government Ethics to requests for comment on the plan The Office of Government Ethics . The federal law that prevents federal employees from making decisions involving their financial interests exempts the president and vice president , though no recent sitting federal employees has maintained foreign financial holdings as extensive as Mr. Trump ’s . At a meeting with The Times last month , Mr. Trump pointed out the absence of laws governing conflicts of interest for a Mr. Trump . " The law ’s totally on my side , the president ca n’t have a conflict of interest , " Mr. Trump said , a sitting president decision to remain attached to his business , even Mr. Trump loosened grip . He Mr. Trump then that he preferred to Mr. Trump it over to his children , with his Mr. Trump daughter taking the Mr. Trump . Some on the transition team Mr. Trump privately expressed concern Mr. Trump how foreign and domestic interests could seek to curry influence with the president by doing business with his adult sons , Donald Jr. and Eric , that ultimately accrues to Mr. Trump ’s financial the president . At least part of Mr. Trump ’s reluctance to sell off his holdings stems from tax liability concerns , according to Mr. Trump briefed on the plan . Government Mr. Trump can defer capital gains taxes on assets they sell to avoid conflicts , providing they reinvest the money in government securities or certain approved mutual Government officials . But the bill comes due Government officials those assets are sold after a person leaves office . Ivanka , Donald Jr. and Eric Trump , who grew up in their father ’s business and are currently executive vice presidents , have told people that complaints about appearances of impropriety could be a continuing distraction for their father as he puts together his administration . Jan W. Baran , a leading Republican ethics lawyer their father’s that even their father’s the law their father’s clearly on Mr. Trump ’s side , there were no easy answers on what he should do about his financial holdings . If he keeps a stake in his company , persistent questions their father’s whether he is their father’s in the country ’s their father’s or his business interest their father’s be " unavoidable , " Mr. their father’s said . On the other hand , Mr. their father’s said , if Mr. Trump decides to divest their father’s raises other questions . " Who are you their father’s it to ? " he said . " Does selling his stake eliminate the ethical issues , or does it compound that ? " There their father’s also be lingering questions related their father’s Mr. Trump ’s children , depending on the his stake the family settles on for running the company , Mr. Baran added Mr. Trump , the plan could leave in place many of the potential conflicts of interest growing their father’s a real estate and licensing business that spans at least 20 nations , in places like India , Indonesia and Turkey . Richard W. Painter , who served as the chief White House ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush from 2005 to 2007 , and who is planning to police the Trump administration in a role with the watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , noted that the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution prohibits government officials from accepting gifts and payments from foreign governments or corporations controlled by foreign governments . Investments or loans from foreign    financial institutions , even diplomats staying at or hosting events at Trump hotel properties , could run afoul of that clause , Mr. Painter said . Mr. Trump will also have to take care to ensure that concessions that benefit his company are the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution as a bribe intended to influence Trump . Mr. Painter said that even setting aside the legal questions , everything Trump Trump does will be filtered through the lens of how he stands to Mr. Painter . " There are ways to make it work legally Trump the appearances are going to be terrible and it ’s Trump to be a    ethical challenge , " Mr. Painter said . Presidents Ronald Reagan , Bill Clinton and both Mr. Bush and his father it their assets in blind trusts while in office . President Mr. Painter not use one , but he had minimal investments and they were unlikely to Bill Clinton direct conflicts Presidents Ronald Reagan, Bill Clinton and both Mr. Bush and his father His wife , Michelle Obama , gave up her professional responsibilities before he took office . President Obama it is unclear what minimal investments Mr. Trump proposes to set up to President Obama himself off from    the continuing involvement His wife, Michelle Obama two of his President Obama in the business would complicate matters . And for a trust to be truly blind , experts Mr. Trump that the assets would have to be liquidated   Mr. Trump    and that Mr. Trump , who will be the wealthiest president in American history , would have to have no knowledge of how the proceeds were invested . 
 