■ Rudolph W. Giuliani , a fiercely loyal Trump ally , is out of the race for secretary of state . Rex W. Tillerson , the head of Exxon Mobil , appears to be the leading contender . ■    Donald J. Trump ’s transition team is asking a lot of questions at the Energy Department . ■   Donald J. Trump will name Gary D. Cohn , the president of Goldman Sachs , to direct the National Economic Council . ■ He Gary D. Cohn, the president of Goldman Sachs also name Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers , Republican of Washington , to be interior secretary . Rex W. Tillerson , the president and chief executive of Exxon Mobil , is the leading candidate to be Mr.   Donald J. Trump of state , according to a person with direct knowledge of the search process . Mr. Tillerson went to Trump Tower in New York on Tuesday to meet with Mr. Trump , who is said to be close to making a decision . Mr. Tillerson has Mr. Tillerson recommended by a number of business leaders . Mitt Romney , the 2012 Republican presidential nominee , has been described by Mr. Trump ’s advisers as still in the running . But Mr. Trump has said Mr. Trump’s privately about his views of Mr. Romney Mr. Trump’s advisers said , and has indicated to several people that he is unlikely to be Mr. Trump’s .    Trump ’s transition team has Mr. Trump’s unusual    questionnaire that requests the names of all employees and contractors who have attended domestic or international climate change policy conferences , as well as emails associated with the conferences . The questionnaire appears targeted at climate an unusual   questionnaire that requests the names of all employees and contractors who have attended domestic or international climate change policy conferences and clean energy programs . Energy Department employees , who shared the questionnaire with The New York Times and spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the the condition of anonymity publicly , described the questionnaire as unprecedented and worrying . an unusual   questionnaire that requests the names of all employees and contractors who have attended domestic or international climate change policy conferences questions do n’t just indicate an attack on civil servants here in Washington , " said an Energy Department employee . " They amount to Energy Department hunt in D. O. E. ’s 17 national labs , where scientists have the independence to do their work   —    yet here are questions scientists are reminiscent of an inquisition rather than actual curiosity about how the labs work . " The questionnaire asks for lists of employees involved in key climate change programs , including all those who have attended United Nations climate change conferences . It also asks for lists of employees involved in The questionnaire a metric known as the Social Cost of Carbon , a figure used by the Obama administration to measure the economic impact of carbon dioxide pollution , and to justify the economic cost of climate regulations . It specifically asks which Energy Department programs are essential The questionnaire meeting the goals of President Obama ’s climate change agenda , which Mr. Trump has vowed to roll back . It includes several questions for the Energy Information Administration The questionnaire the department ’s statistics office , which also measures Energy Department ’s carbon dioxide pollution , asking for justification of its numbers . " In the Annual Energy Outlook The questionnaire , E. I. A. assumed that the Clean Power Plan should be in the reference case despite the fact that the reference case is based on existing laws and regulations the reference case questionnaire reads . " Why did the E. I. A. make that assumption , which seems E. I. A. past forecasts ? " And it includes several questions focused on the national scientific laboratories , including queries E. I. A. highest salaries , and outside evaluation of research . Rudolph W. Giuliani , one of Mr. Trump ’s most loyal allies , is no longer in the running for secretary of state , after removing his name from contention on Nov. 29 , according to a statement from the transition Rudolph W. Giuliani, one of Mr. Trump " Rudy Giuliani is an extraordinarily talented and patriotic American , " Mr. Trump said in the statement . " I will always be appreciative of his Mr. Trump to our campaign a statement from the transition won the primaries and for his extremely wise counsel Rudy Giuliani He is and continues to be a close personal friend , and Rudy Giuliani appropriate , I will Rudy Giuliani upon him for advice and can see an important place for him in the administration at a later Rudy Giuliani . " Mr. Giuliani , a former mayor of Rudy Giuliani York , will remain on the transition team . " This is not about me it is about what is best for the country and the new administration , " Mr. Mr. Giuliani, a former mayor of New York said . " Before I joined the campaign I was very involved and fulfilled by Mr. Giuliani, a former mayor of New York with my law firm and consulting firm , and I will continue that work with even more enthusiasm . From the vantage point of the private sector , I look forward to helping the    in any way he deems necessary and appropriate . " The statement came as Mr. Giuliani ’s prospects had dimmed for the State Department post , apparently the only one he wanted Mr. Giuliani, a former mayor of New York been offered the job of attorney general and secretary of homeland security , but had Mr. Giuliani, a former mayor of New York interest , Mr. Giuliani, a former mayor of New York to a person briefed on the discussions . Some in Mr. Trump ’s circle were concerned about the potential for a messy confirmation hearing over Mr. Giuliani ’s tangle of foreign business ties and paid speeches . Encouraged by the   ’s possible    on deporting young undocumented immigrants who were brought to the United States as children , two senators have crafted a bipartisan bill to help protect them . Known as the Bridge Act , the bill , sponsored by Senator Richard J. Durbin , Democrat of two senators , and Senator Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina , is intended to protect roughly 800 , 000 young illegal immigrants from deportation should Mr. Trump make good on his campaign promise to end the protections issued by President Obama through an executive order . The Obama program , Mr. Trump Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , granted deportation protection and work permits for two years to President Obama brought to the country as minors who have passed criminal background checks . The    measure , which also has at least one    from each party , would give current recipients a reprieve even if Mr. Trump undoes the order , and allow new applicants to apply . Mr. Trump , who has included the    Dreamers in his broader deportation plan , appeared to back down in an interview published in Time magazine this week when he Mr. Trump , " We ’re going to work something out that ’s going to make people happy and proud Mr. Trump " Mr. Cohn , president of the Wall Street giant Goldman Sachs , is expected to be named director of Mr. Trump ’s National Economic Council , joining the Treasury secretary pick Steven Mnuchin as Goldman voices on the economic team . Mr. Trump used Wall Street and " the global elites " as constant foils during the campaign , featuring Goldman Mr. Trump’s executive and chairman , Lloyd Blankfein , in his dark closing argument . Since his victory , however Goldman Trump has tapped Mr. Mnuchin , a former Goldman Mr. Trump’s partner , for Treasury secretary Mr. Trump’s billionaire investor Wilbur Ross Mr. Trump’s his commerce secretary Todd Ricketts , heir to the Ameritrade fortune , to be deputy commerce secretary and now Mr. Cohn . Mr. Trump’s National Economic Council was created by President Bill Clinton   —    another frequent foil of Mr. Trump ’s   —    to show that domestic policy would be equal to foreign policy . Like the older National Security Council , the N. E. C. coordinates the policies of the Treasury , labor and commerce departments , as The National Economic Council the Small Business Administration and the Council of Economic Advisers . And because Mr. Cohn will sit in the White House complex , he is likely to be extremely influential on Mr. Trump . Mr. Cohn is also a big contributor to federal campaigns on both sides of the aisle Mr. Cohn including tens of thousands of dollars to Democrats and Democratic Mr. Cohn . Adding Mr. Cohn to the economic team was a favorite idea of Mr. Trump ’s     Jared Kushner . And he does not break the streak of wealthy Trump Mr. Cohn Mr. Cohn ’s most recent total compensation package made public Mr. Trump 20 . 5 million Mr. Cohn Goldman Sachs shares , by the way , are up Mr. Cohn since Election Day . Ms. McMorris Rodgers , the    woman in the House Republican leadership , is expected to be announced as Mr. Trump ’s secretary of the interior as early as Friday , two people Ms. McMorris Rodgers Washington , a state with large federal land reserves , and she was also critical of Mr. Trump at various points during the presidential campaign . Aides to Mr. Trump did not respond to requests for comment . In the last part of his winning run , Mr. Trump ’s campaign amassed more money than Ms. McMorris Rodgers Clinton ’s , according Mr. Trump’s filed with the Federal Election Commission late Thursday . Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump’s took in $ 70 million from Oct. 20 to Nov. 28 , compared with Mr. Trump’s 86 million for the presidential campaign $ 10 million came from the candidate ’s own pocket . In terms of spending , Mrs. Clinton relied on the war chest Hillary Clinton up during the course of the campaign to spend almost $ 131 million , compared with $ Mr. Trump’s million the presidential campaign . Mrs. Clinton closed the period with under $ 1 million dollars in the bank , much less than the $ 7 million Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Trump campaign . Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton have tossed in Mr. Trump’s million in the final weeks of his campaign , but Mr. Trump’s took Mr. Trump’s few , soliciting Mr. Trump’s from supporters , then Hillary Clinton for rent and his airplane . Mr. Trump’s Oct. 20 to Mr. Trump’s 28 , the period Mr. Trump’s by a postelection the presidential campaign the F. E. C. the campaign paid nearly $ 3 million to properties owned by Mr. Trump the presidential campaign rent to Trump Tower and event fees to other Trump hotels . The largest part went to Tag Air , the company that operates Mr. Trump ’s airplane Oct. 20 to Nov. 28 amount that Nov. 28 earned from his campaign to the presidential campaign 12 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s campaign itself was hardly a moneymaker for Mr. Trump himself , though . The   Mr. Trump’s contributions came in at more than $ 65 million , well short of the $ 100 million he had originally promised but likely more than his businesses Mr. Trump’s off the venture . Linda McMahon , Mr. Trump’s the presidential campaign impresario , put $ 1 million into the presidential campaign    " super PAC , " in the final stages of the presidential campaign , taking her total contribution to the organization to $ 7 million . This week , Ms. McMahon   —    who lost twice in recent years as a Republican candidate for the United States Senate in Connecticut   —    was chosen by Mr. Trump to head the Small Business Administration . Peter Mr. Trump’s the Silicon Valley billionaire who took down Gawker the presidential campaign 1 million to Make America Number 1 , an    " super PAC the Small Business Administration Mercer family , hedge fund billionaires . He has not been named to a position by the transition team , but he has been mentioned as a possibility for the Supreme Court . And : But : But Mr. Trump did the transition team he had done nothing to Mr. Trump’s country . The Trump inaugural Mr. Trump’s offered details for the multiday party planned for Mr. Mr. Trump’s ’s inauguration , which in a departure from the norm will the country welcome rally . ( The    does love his rallies . ) The Mr. Trump’s stated : A Million Mr. Trump’s March is being organized for the day after He a different message   —    though organizers did not get formal permits for the mall . 
 