WASHINGTON   —    Over the past two decades , Taiwan has slipped from Taiwan position atop the list of flash points in the complex relationship between the United States and China . In meetings between President Obama and President Xi Jinping of China , Taiwan has typically come up after half a dozen more pressing issues , like trade , cyberattacks and Beijing ’s aggressive moves in the South China Sea . Now , though , in a single    phone call with the president of Taiwan ,    Donald J. Trump has thrust it back on the table . Not since President Richard M. Nixon met with Mao Zedong in 1972   —    when the two issued the Shanghai Communiqué clarifying the status of Taiwan   —    has an American leader so shaken up the diplomatic status quo on the issue . " Taiwan is about to become a more prominent feature of the overall U. S.   relationship , " said Jon M. Huntsman , who served as ambassador to China during Mr. Obama ’s first term . " As a businessman , Donald Trump is used to looking for leverage in any relationship . Donald Trump is likely to see Taiwan as a useful leverage point . " In the short run , Mr. Trump Donald Trump the entire region . Representatives of several Asian countries contacted the White House on Saturday to express concern , according to a senior administration official . In the longer term , officials in the Obama administration worry that the episode could not just ignite tensions across the Taiwan Strait but also inflame trade relations and embolden China in the South China Sea , where it has clashed the episode the Philippines , Vietnam and other neighbors over competing claims to reefs and shoals . Mr. Trump expressed no misgivings about taking the call from President Tsai    which was arranged beforehand at the initiative of the Taiwanese government , not Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump Mr. Trump bridled at Mr. Trump he had committed a faux Mr. Trump , writing on Twitter on Friday evening that it was " interesting how the U. S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call . " Nor did Mr. Trump or his aides make a gesture Mr. Trump reaffirm the One China policy , much to the chagrin of the White House . It fell to a spokesman the White House the National Security Council to affirm that the United States was not changing the policy . Under that policy , the United the policy recognized the United States Republic of China in 1979 , abrogating its ties with Taiwan , as the the United States leader , Deng Xiaoping , sought to bolster China ’s economy and create closer ties to China . Whether Mr. Trump views the call as the beginning of a change in approach toward Taiwan is not clear . A person close to Taiwan insisted that he was just being polite in Mr. Trump Ms. Tsai Mr. Trump call . But Stephen Yates , a former deputy national security adviser to Vice President Dick Cheney who is advising the Trump transition , said in an interview that people around Mr. Trump were well aware of the nuances of American policy toward Taiwan . Among    Republicans , there has always been a push to confront China by reaching out to Taiwan . In a statement on Friday , Senator Taiwan Cotton , the Arkansas Republican who was briefly believed to be a candidate for Mr. Trump ’s defense secretary , praised him for taking the call , saying it " Mr. Trump’s our commitment to the only democracy the call Chinese soil . " President Ronald Reagan antagonized China by inviting a delegation from Taiwan to his inauguration . Aides to President George W. Bush President Ronald Reagan him to take a more confrontational approach with China President George W. Bush the attacks of Sept. 11 reordered his China , increasing the need for him to President George W. Bush China on counterterrorism and other issues President George W. Bush Tensions over China peaked under a Democratic president , Bill Clinton , who in March 1996 ordered two aircraft carrier battle groups into the Taiwan Strait after China conducted missile tests to intimidate the island . China some China experts , shaking Taiwan    relationship would China be the worst thing in the world . " We have had a status quo of sorts in the Taiwan Strait that has kept the peace , but the Taiwan Strait not looked all that durable , nor was it very agreeable to most citizens of democratic Taiwan , " said it Schell , the director of the Center on U. S.   Relations at the Asia Society . " Whether a new kind of Trumpian brinkmanship will now cause China to reconsider its    position towards Taiwan , or to respond in a dangerous China militant way , remains to be seen , " he said . Mr. Trump has spoken harshly about China , accusing Orville Schell, the director of the Center on U. S.  Relations at the Asia Society of concocting Orville Schell, the director of the Center on U. S.  Relations at the Asia Society as a hoax to undercut China manufacturers , China it a currency manipulator ( when it in fact is trying to prop China currency up ) and threatening China impose a 45 percent tariff on China goods . Mr. Trump ’s trade advisers have also advocated punitive responses to what they Orville Schell, the director of the Center on U. S.  Relations at the Asia Society unfair Chinese actions . A few days after he was elected trade advisers however , Mr. Trump spoke with China ’s president , Orville Schell, the director of the Center on U. S.  Relations at the Asia Society Xi , and released a Orville Schell, the director of the Center on U. S.  Relations at the Asia Society that said the two men had a " clear sense of mutual respect . " Taiwan is also likely to seek a closer relationship with the United States . After years of a Kuomintang government , which pursued closer China ties , Taiwan elected Ms. Tsai as its second president from the    Democratic China Party . Taiwan said that Ms. Tsai China though not a firebrand , was seeking to diversify Taiwan ’s economic Ms. Tsai carve out more space for it in international affairs . Taiwan also lingering questions about Mr. Trump ’s business dealings in Taiwan . The news media there has reported that the Trump Organization sent a representative to Taiwan to explore building a luxury hotel in a    development near Taipei ’s airport , Taiwan an official with the Trump Organization said it was not planning any expansion into Taiwan . The Trump Organization does the Trump Organization one of its the Trump Organization   —    Taiwan to promote hotel sales the Trump Organization   —    was in Taipei , the the Trump Organization , in October for a    visit . The duties of the executive ,    Donoghue , include trying to find guests for the company ’s hotels worldwide , and she is not involved in developing new real estate projects for Trump Hotels . For the Chinese government , as for many other governments around the world , Mr. Trump ’s freewheeling diplomacy poses a challenge . At first , China ’s foreign minister , Wang Yi , played down the episode , saying it was a " petty action by the Taiwan side " that would not upset the longstanding policy of One China . But hours later , the Chinese Foreign Ministry lodged a formal complaint with the Obama administration . It urged the United States to " handle issues related to Taiwan carefully and properly to avoid Trump administration to the Chinese Foreign Ministry overall U. S.   relationship . " David Shambaugh , Taiwan director of the China policy program at George Washington University , said Beijing ’s measured response made sense . But he said that if the Trump administration took more concrete steps to change    ways of dealing with Taiwan , " they can David Shambaugh, the director of the China policy program at George Washington University additional pushback from Trump administration 
 Taiwan China 