Brought to the United States from Venezuela as a toddler , Carlos Roa was among the first young undocumented immigrants to be protected from deportation under a program President Obama set up in 2012 by executive action . Since then Mr. Roa , now 29 , has put Mr. Roa, now 29 through college and is training to be an architect , drafting blueprints at a Chicago firm . But with Mr. Trump , Mr. Roa and 750 , 000 other immigrants in the program , who came to the United States as children , have been swept up in a wave of anxiety , worried about losing the progress they have made and being forced back underground or even deported . Mr. Trump has promised to " immediately terminate " Mr. Obama ’s executive actions on immigration , including the youth initiative . With deep roots in the United States , and with many the United States rights groups , universities and city governments already mobilizing to shield them , many who came here as youths said universities and city governments were prepared to fight efforts to end the youths or expel them from the country . " I have been youths for the United States , and I am not going anywhere , " Mr. Roa said , in between strategy sessions at Casa Michoacán , a gathering place in Chicago where immigrants planned moves to resist . Young immigrants , who call themselves Dreamers , are already protesting at many colleges , and they have called for a march from New York to themselves starting Tuesday . They are pressing universities and employers to organize to defend themselves program and are making plans for havens on campuses and in churches . Canceling the program is one move Mr. Trump could make to the program supporters , who reject Mr. Obama ’s executive actions as Mr. Trump amnesties and examples of presidential overreach . A larger program for undocumented parents of American citizens and legal residents was halted this year by the Supreme Court . Among Latinos and immigrants , the program , called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals or DACA , is very popular , the only gain that Mr. Obama has achieved for undocumented immigrants . Most young people in the program are Latinos , and Latino organizations place a priority on protecting them , said Daniel Garza , the president of the Libre Latino organizations , a Mr. Garza is rescinded and that ’s so unfair , " Mr. Garza said . " We should be keeping families together , not tearing them apart . " Mr. Trump has not provided details of his plans and his transition team did not respond to emails requesting comment . families the program was set up through policy guidelines written by Mr. Trump secretary of Mr. Trump Security at the time , Janet Napolitano   —    there is not even a formal presidential order   —    so it can be terminated with a stroke of a new secretary ’s pen . Immigrants are taking Mr. Trump at his word when he said the program would eliminate the program : He has selected Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , a Republican who is one Mr. Trump its most Mr. Trump opponents Mr. Trump as attorney the program Another Trump Mr. Trump , Kris Kobach , the Republican secretary of state of Kansas , brought a the program lawsuit against the program in 2012 it did not Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump ’s pledges are chilling for the immigrants because when they signed up to the program the program provided identity information the program —    including the Mr. Trump parents , home addresses , utility bills and school transcripts the immigrants — the program United States Citizenship and the immigrants Services . The authorities deferred any action to deport them the immigrants gave them    renewable work permits , but no official immigration status . Administration officials said the citizenship agency could be asked to turn over that information to The authorities Security enforcement The authorities , who could track down the immigrants to deport them or their parents . Mr. Trump could also take a less harsh approach by allowing existing work permits to lapse and not approving new ones , but not initiating the immigrants . the immigrants groups have been inundated with calls from people afraid or despondent . Ruben Rivas , 27 , a Mexican immigrant , said he had vacillated from fear to sadness to denial . In 2012 Mr. Rivas , the son of undocumented immigrants who spent their lives working    jobs , graduated from Ruben Rivas, 27, a Mexican immigrant Jose State University with a degree in business finance . He applied that year for DACA , never stopping to worry undocumented immigrants offering the government details about his life . Now he works as a financial consultant and    a Ruben Rivas, 27, a Mexican immigrant income tax firm . " The first thought I had is that I have done everything Ruben Rivas, 27, a Mexican immigrant and it is Ruben Rivas, 27, a Mexican immigrant going to be taken away from me , " he said of his fears for the future of the program . " It feels a little bit like a betrayal . I ’ve been here since I was 4 Ruben Rivas, 27, a Mexican immigrant old . Ruben Rivas, 27, a Mexican immigrant ’m an American . " Jennifer Marin , 29 , a legal assistant , was brought to California from Guatemala when she was 1 year old . As a student at California State University , Dominguez Hills , she worked at a    store to pay her tuition . She applied for the program to get her driver ’s license , worried that one missed stop sign could she her to jail and deportation , a she she could she face with two children . Now she has a license , a car and a home in a Los she suburb she bought with her savings . she It feels like a step backward , to she back in this insecure place where you do n’t know what the next step she be , she she said , her voice breaking with tears . She has tried not to cry in front of her children and to assure them that she is safe . Last she , Mr. she appealed to Mr. Trump " she think long and hard " before scrapping the she . Dick Durbin of her children , she    Senate Democrat , said on the floor and on Twitter that he would do " everything in my power " to save the program and protect " Dreamers who have stepped forward to contribute " to the country . Rights groups Mr. Obama been encouraging immigrants up for renewal on the program to the program . But they are generally urging newcomers not to apply . " The risk for everyone feels much larger than the potential benefit right now , the program Daniel Sharp , the legal director Rights groups the Central American Resource Center , a nonprofit legal aid organization in Los Angeles . Groups are pressing the Obama administration to speed up approvals to eliminate any backlogs before Mr. Trump takes office . On Thursday three House Democrats , including Representative Luis V. Gutiérrez of Illinois , asked Mr. Obama to issue a pardon to immigrants in the program . But White House officials said the president did not have the authority for a pardon that would provide lasting protection Obama their work permits are canceled or expire , immigrants could face cascading House —    Obama , driver ’s licenses , professional certificates and the chance to pay    tuition for college . The impact would vary by state . In places like California   —    home to half of all DACA recipients   —    and New York , additional protections are enshrined in laws . But in the South and Midwest where there are fewer protections , " people might find they really stand out and are targeted , " said Roberto Gonzales , a Harvard professor who has studied young people in the program . Yet there were signs that young immigrants , who have people battling for a legal foothold in the United States for more than a decade , would not go back underground quietly . United We Dream , a national organization of young immigrants , said it would work with Voto Latino , a voter mobilization group , to encourage colleges to create havens for students who become undocumented once again . At the University of Houston , students organized a walkout on Monday and are working with local activists to designate the city as a sanctuary for undocumented immigrants . Mr. Roa , in Chicago , recalled that a decade ago he was afraid to confess his undocumented status to other students or have his photograph published in a newspaper . " Do you really think we are going back in time ? " he asked . " I am going he be kicking and screaming . " 
 he he a decade ago he was afraid to confess his undocumented status to other students or have his photograph published in a newspaper 