Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Sign up . ) With Jennifer Medina , a national correspondent based in Los Angeles . As the nation delivered Donald J. Trump a stunning victory , California went the other direction , embracing a progressive agenda . California resoundingly backed Hillary Clinton , delivering her Hillary Clinton California electoral votes , but it California n’t enough to stem the wave of battleground states that lined up for Mr. Donald J. Trump " Probably no state is going to be more shocked by tomorrow morning ’s headlines than California California " Bruce E. Cain , a professor of political science at Stanford University , said late Tuesday . Still , he noted Bruce E. Cain, a professor of political science at Stanford University large parts of California California support Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump mostly rural areas in the Central Valley and northern counties . Mindy Romero , the director of the California Civic Engagement Project at the University of California California Davis , said some state leaders err in seeing California California wholly blue . " We ’re not , " she said , " Mindy Romero, the director of the California Civic Engagement Project at the University of California, Davis people do feel left out or marginalized . " She added , " Mindy Romero, the director of the California Civic Engagement Project at the University of California, Davis will be areas of the state that are very glad to see Donald Trump win and I think we should recognize that We " When California California choices as a whole , however , as it California on 17 ballot propositions , the results tend to reflect the more populous liberal side . On Tuesday , voters did away with prohibitions against marijuana , raised taxes on cigarettes , extended an income tax on the wealthy , toughened gun control laws , loosened parole rules and overturned a law that restricted bilingual education in schools . Californians also sent the first black woman to the United States Senate since Carol Moseley Braun in 1999 . Attorney General Kamala Harris easily defeated Representative Loretta Sanchez in the state ’s first    race , the result of the    primary system . " I intend to fight for a state that has the largest number of immigrants , documented and undocumented , " Ms. Harris told a Attorney General Kamala Harris supporters . " Our ideals are at stake right now   —    and we need to fight for our ideals . " California we four other states and the District of Columbia where recreational marijuana is allowed , and the decision could open the door to federal legalization . The passage of the measure will allow residents older than 21 to grow up to six cannabis plants at home and an ounce of marijuana . It also allows the state , The passage of the measure and city government to regulate and tax the growth and sale of marijuana . Voters also passed a measure supported by Gov. Jerry Brown that would increase the number of nonviolent inmates eligible for parole and allow the inmates to earn credit for good behavior . The measure was aimed at reducing a measure supported by Gov. Jerry Brown that would increase the number of nonviolent inmates eligible for parole and allow the inmates to earn credit for good behavior ’s prison population and rolling back some of the     measures Governor Brown once championed . Showing just how much the state ’s attitude toward immigrants has changed over the last two decades , voters approved Proposition 58 , repealing a measure that passed in 1998 and expanding bilingual education for the state ’s 1 . 4 million the state learners . Buyers of gun ammunition will now have to undergo criminal background checks , and    magazines are illegal , after the passage of Proposition 63 , a    measure brought by Lt . Gov. Gavin Newsom . The measure will also create new requirements for a measure that passed in 1998 and expanding bilingual education for the state stolen firearms and ammunition . Voters approved a $ 2 tax increase per pack of cigarettes , an initiative that prevailed despite more than $ 70 million spent by tobacco companies to defeat it .    earners   —    individuals earning a measure that passed in 1998 and expanding bilingual education for the state than $ 250 , 000 a year   —    will continue to pay more in taxes , as voters approved a measure that extends the tax increase passed in 2012 by an additional 12 years , till 2030 . The revenue will primarily be used to fund public schools . Initiatives that would abolish the death penalty and impose price controls on pharmaceutical drugs were both behind in early vote counts . A plastic bag ban was ahead . In closely contested House races , Republican incumbents appeared to be holding on . In the Central Valley , the Republican David Valadao kept his seat , which was thought to be so the Republican David Valadao that House Speaker Paul D. Ryan came to the district House campaign for him . The Republicans Darrell Issa , Steve Knight Paul D. Ryan Jeff Denham were all leading in early vote counts . Dr. Cain , the Stanford professor , suggested that after the shock felt by many Californians over Mr. Trump ’s ascendance subsides , the state would enter familiar territory . " California will be in mourning tomorrow , " he said . But , he added , " Mr. Trump will go back into Mr. Trump mode that we were in during the Bush administration , which We we were the kind of the rebel state . We Want to make sure the state counted ? You can look it up . And check official election results . See comprehensive your vote and charts with projections and results , including     breakdowns of the presidential and Senate races . Also , results from contests for the House of Representatives and the State Legislature , the statewide ballot propositions and other races across the state . • California and Massachusetts legalized recreational marijuana use the state a national shift in attitudes toward the drug . [ The New York Times ] • What you can and ca n’t do now that marijuana is legal . [ Orange County Register ] • Three San Francisco Bay Area cities approved a tax on sodas • other sugary drinks to fight diabetes and obesity . [ SFGate . com ] • " Not my president " : Mr. Trump ’s victory set off protests across California . [ Los Angeles Times ] • Disbelief , hope and a plan for California ’s secession : How the tech industry is reacting to Trump California . [ Los Angeles Times ] • A fatal Mr. Trump the San Gabriel Valley [Los Angeles Times] • Los Angeles Times later found dead . [ The New York Times ] • Two ballot measures that could have brought a Chargers stadium to downtown San Diego were soundly defeated . [ San •   ] • Who will Jerry Brown appoint to replace Kamala Harris as California attorney general ? [ Sacramento San Diego • If • ’s bid for SolarCity was n’t a Silicon Valley deal , it would have been dead on arrival • says Steven Davidoff Solomon . [ The New York Times ] • Elisabeth Prueitt Tesla the pastry queen of San Francisco ’s Tartine Bakery , explores the sweet world beyond wheat . [ The New York Times ] With the election behind us , how about a palate cleanser ? Research has shown that the The New York Times do wonders for people in ill health . With that in mind , the San Diego Zoo has been partnering with children ’s hospitals across the country to show programming of its animals on televisions in patients’ rooms . The television channel , known as San Diego Zoo Kids , features footage from the zoo ’s the San Diego Zoo cameras as well as hosts who tell stories about the animals . Since the initiative ’s debut in 2013 at Rady the San Diego Zoo Hospital in San Diego , it has spread to nearly 80 children ’s hospitals and Ronald McDonald Houses , a charity for sick children , across 26 states and three countries the initiative On Tuesday , the zoo announced its latest partnership with a children ’s hospital in Phoenix . Erin Rice , the director of U. C. L. A ’s    Connection program , the zoo scientists have found evidence that animal therapy can help lower blood pressure and raise oxytocin levels in patients . The San Diego Zoo program was a " wonderful idea , " she said . " Just bringing the outdoors into a very sterile environment is helpful . " California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific The San Diego Zoo program weekdays . Tell us what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes . com . The California Today columnist , Mike McPhate , is a    Californian   —    born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano . He lives in Davis . Follow him on Twitter . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley . 
 California Today He 