Senator Ted Cruz said on Friday that Senator Ted Cruz would vote for Donald J. Trump for president , two months after Senator Ted Cruz pointedly declined to endorse his Senator Ted Cruz rival in a speech at the Republican National Convention . " After many months of careful consideration , of prayer and searching my own conscience , I have decided that on Election Day , I will vote for the Republican nominee , Donald Trump , " Mr. Senator Ted Cruz in a statement on Facebook . For Mr. Cruz , who has fashioned himself as the unbending conscience of modern conservatism , the decision to endorse Mr. Trump is the latest remarkable gamble in a career defined by them , placing him in himself corner of an ideologically elastic candidate who savaged Mr. Cruz Senator Ted Cruz and , often , the senator ’s family   —    at every turn during the nominating contest . But Mr. Trump ’s rise Mr. Trump polls , combined with a handful of political overtures from Mr. Trump and his team in recent days Mr. Trump left Mr. Cruz effectively boxed Senator Ted Cruz raising the possibility that a narrow Trump defeat could be laid at Mr. Trump feet . In his statement Mr. Trump Mr. Cruz said Mr. Trump had Senator Ted Cruz decision on Senator Ted Cruz factors : Senator Ted Cruz prior pledge to support the Republican nominee   —    which Mr. Cruz said in July had Senator Ted Cruz abrogated " by Mr. Trump ’s personal attacks on him   —    and his desire to Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton , the Mr. Trump nominee . " If Clinton wins , we know   —    with 100 percent certainty   —    that she would deliver on her    promises , Clinton devastating results for Clinton country , " Mr. Cruz said . " My conscience tells me I must do whatever I can to stop that . " But Mr. Cruz ’s statement went beyond the perfunctory Mr. Cruz policy aims and recent campaign promises of a man he once called a " pathological liar . " Mr. Mr. Cruz did not address the personal attacks that Mr. Mr. Cruz leveled   —    always without hesitation , often without evidence   —    against the Texas senator and his family during the nominating fight . Among other slights , Mr. Cruz Trump questioned Mr. Cruz ’s eligibility for the presidency , Mr. Trump birth Mr. Cruz to disparage the appearance of Mr. Cruz ’s Mr. Cruz , Heidi , in a Twitter post and insinuated Mr. Cruz ’s father , Rafael , was involved in the assassination of President John Mr. Cruz Mr. Trump former aides and allies to Mr. Cruz had urged him not to publicly back Mr. Trump , on both principled and pragmatic Mr. Cruz Such support could Mr. Cruz seen as jeopardizing Mr. Cruz ’s professed reputation for conservative ideological purity , given Mr. Trump ’s    political views , Mr. Cruz Cruz delighted in highlighting during his presidential campaign . And by voicing his support so late in the Mr. Cruz the senator also risks feeding Mr. Cruz perception , Mr. Trump Senate colleagues Mr. Cruz that he is a cynical political operator Mr. Cruz only of his own interests . At his convention speech in July , Mr. Cruz his presidential campaign Republicans to " vote your conscience , Mr. Cruz leaving the stage in Mr. Cruz to cascading boos . The Mr. Cruz , as delegates from his home state jeered him at a breakfast , Mr. Cruz said he refused to fall in line like a " servile Mr. Cruz dog . " Mr. Cruz Trump , for his Mr. Cruz said this Mr. Cruz that he would not accept Mr. Cruz ’s endorsement anyway . On Friday , Mr. Trump said he was " greatly honored " to have the backing of Mr. Cruz and brilliant opponent . " As news Mr. Trump Mr. Cruz ’s plans surfaced , Mr. Trump on Politico , some Cruz allies wasted no time registering their displeasure Mr. Trump I ’m Mr. Trump trying Mr. Cruz this Cruz sticker off my car , " Rick Tyler Mr. Cruz the senator ’s campaign spokesman , said shortly after the endorsement was announced . " Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz want anybody to get the wrong idea and some Cruz allies I ’m a Trump supporter . " Steve Deace , a prominent Iowa conservative radio host who had supported Mr. Cruz , called the senator ’s decision " the worst political miscalculation of my lifetime . " Voters’ responses were often no kinder . " I am ashamed to have supported you , " one man wrote . " Conservatism is dead , " said another . While Mr. Cruz the senator’s to pursue the presidency again , he faces a 2018 Senate    campaign first . In recent days , signs of a tentative peace between the Cruz and Trump camps had begun to surface . On Wednesday , Mr. Trump ’s campaign issued a Mr. Cruz that was supportive of Mr. Cruz ’s latest Senate venture Mr. Cruz his opposition to the federal government ’s plan to end its oversight of the internet ’s master directory of website addresses . Mr. Trump also included a close Cruz ally , Trump on a list of prospective Supreme Mr. Cruz which Mr. Cruz Senate in his statement . Mr. Trump also Trump employs some members of the Cruz orbit : Jason the federal government , who was a top adviser to the senator ’s campaign Trump Kellyanne Conway , who ran a    " super PAC " before becoming Mr. Trump ’s campaign manager Mr. Cruz Hell froze over Mr. Cruz , " Ms. Conway wrote on Twitter after Trump , Mr. Cruz and it feels like heaven . " Longtime Cruz supporters could be forgiven for experiencing whiplash . On Friday , Mr. Cruz cheered Mr. Ms. Conway of Justice Antonin Scalia , who died in February . In the primaries , he regularly disparaged Mr. Trump ’s judgment on judicial matters , holding forth on a " radical    extremist " federal judge who happens to be Mr. Trump ’s sister , Maryanne Trump Barry . On Friday , Mr. Cruz named Cruz ’s Mr. Trump’s as a bright spot . In the primaries , he attacked Mr. Trump ’s proposals as " amnesty . " On Friday , Mr. Cruz cited Cruz national Mr. Trump’s as a reason to to back Mr. Trump . In the primaries , the senator described Mr. Trump as so unsteady that Mr. Trump’s use nuclear weapons against a friendly country like Denmark on a whim . Though Mr. Cruz spoke warmly of Mr. Trump early in the primary season the primaries donors he Mr. Cruz bearhug " him in the hopes of winning his supporters if Friday Trump Mr. Cruz he let fly a blistering critique of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s and political integrity just before the primaries race . Mr. Trump’s Mr. Cruz to do something I have n’t done for Mr. Cruz entire campaign , " Mr. Cruz told reporters in Evansville , Ind. hours before decisively losing Mr. Cruz primary in May. " I ’m going to tell you what I really think Mr. Cruz Donald Trump . " He Mr. Trump’s on to Mr. Trump’s Trump " a Mr. Trump’s liar " " utterly amoral " Mr. Trump’s serial philanderer " and " a narcissist at a level I do n’t think this country has ever seen . " If voters did not stop him , Mr. Cruz said , " this country could well plunge into the abyss . " 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s this country 