WASHINGTON   —    When    Donald J. Trump chose Representative Tom Price of Georgia to be Donald J. Trump health and human services secretary , the American Medical Association swiftly endorsed the selection of one of the American Medical Association own , an orthopedic surgeon who has championed the role of physicians throughout Donald J. Trump legislative career . Then the larger world of doctors and nurses weighed in on the beliefs and record of Mr. Price , a suburban Atlanta Republican   —    and the split among caregivers , especially doctors , quickly grew sharp . " The A. M. A. does not speak for us , " says a petition signed by more than 5 , 000 doctors . Mr. Trump and a    Congress are considering some of the biggest changes to the American health care system in generations : not only the repeal of the Affordable Care Act , which is providing insurance to some 20 million people , but also the transformation of Medicare , for older Americans , and Medicaid , for    people . Mr. Price has favored those changes . Seven years ago , the A. M. A. ’s support helped lift President Obama ’s health care proposals toward passage , and the group has backed the law , with some reservations , since the group adoption in 2010 . But as Republicans push for Republicans dismantlement , deep disagreements within the A. M. A. which has long wielded tremendous power in Washington , could lessen Republicans influence . The concerns voiced by dissident doctors do not appear to imperil Senate confirmation of Mr. Price , but The concerns voiced by dissident doctors do ensure that Mr. Price confirmation hearings next month will be as contentious as any held for a Trump nominee , featuring a full public examination of the new president ’s proposed health policies . " Doctors are divided big time , " said Dr. Carl G. Streed Jr. a primary care doctor at Brigham and Women ’s Hospital in Boston and a member of the A. M. A. house of delegates , the organization ’s principal    body . The controversy began soon after Mr. Trump announced on Nov. 29 that Mr. Trump had chosen Mr. Price to head the Department of Health and Human Services , which controls Medicare , Medicaid , the Affordable Care Act ’s federal health insurance exchange , the National Institutes of Health , the Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Within hours , the A. M. A.   —    the nation ’s largest medical advocacy group , which has nearly 235 , 000 members and calls the nation’s " the voice of the medical profession "   —    issued a statement saying the nation’s " strongly supports " the selection . the nation’s noted Mr. Price ’s experience as a doctor , a state legislator and a member of Congress . the nation’s praised , in particular , Mr. Price support for " patient choice and    solutions " and Mr. Price efforts to reduce " excessive regulatory burdens " on doctors . The enthusiasm was understandable at one level : Mr. Price has been a member of the A. M. A. house of delegates since 2005 and was an alternate delegate for a decade before that , according to the A. M. A. and the Medical Association of Georgia . " For those who are attacking Dr. Price , I have to ask whom you would rather have at the helm of H. H. S.   —    a career bureaucrat ? A former governor who views doctors as a cost center to be controlled ? " said Dr. Robert E. Hertzka of San Diego , an anesthesiologist and former president of the California Medical Association . " Tom Price may turn out to be the best friend that physicians and patients have ever had in that role . " Many doctors are not willing to take that chance . More than 750 people who identify themselves as members More than 750 people who identify themselves as members of the A. M. A. the A. M. A. signed a letter to the association ’s the California Medical Association the endorsement . The " unqualified support " for Mr. Price is inappropriate , the letter says , because a letter to the association’s board objecting been " a strong Mr. Price of so much of our clearly delineated A. M. A. policy " on issues like the Affordable Care Act , contraception and gay rights . Some doctors also said patients could be hurt by major changes in Medicare and Medicaid that Mr. Price , along with other House Republicans , has advocated . Dr. Andrea S. Christopher , 32 , an internal medicine doctor at the veterans hospital in Boise , Idaho , said she had decided not to renew Dr. Andrea S. Christopher, 32, an internal medicine doctor at the veterans hospital in Boise, Idaho A. M. A. membership over Dr. Andrea S. Christopher, 32, an internal medicine doctor at the veterans hospital in Boise, Idaho endorsement , which she called especially upsetting to her Dr. Andrea S. Christopher, 32, an internal medicine doctor at the veterans hospital in Boise, Idaho of physicians . " Dr. Andrea S. Christopher, 32, an internal medicine doctor at the veterans hospital in Boise, Idaho Price has been an outspoken opponent of the Affordable Care Act , which has done so much to address the needs of our most vulnerable patients and reduced the uninsured rate to the lowest level on record , " Dr. Christopher said . Dr. Kristin M. Huntoon , a     neurosurgery resident at Ohio State University in Columbus , said the group ’s support for Mr. Price had increased the chances Dr. Price Affordable Care Act would be dismantled   —    and that has put her patients at risk . Ohio has the Affordable Care Act would be dismantled   Medicaid coverage to more than 600 , 000 people under the federal health care law . If that expansion is reversed , Dr. Huntoon said , some patients will not receive imaging or treatment at an early stage of their disease , and they are more some patients to arrive when some patients have spread to the brain . " At that stage , " she said , an early stage of their disease ’s often Dr. Huntoon I can do for the patient . " Physicians have long been a focus of Mr. Price ’s legislative efforts . He led the push to fix widely recognized Mr. Price’s in Medicare ’s formula for paying doctors and supported changes in malpractice laws that could make it easier for doctors to defend themselves . He supported changes in Medicare that doctors allow Mr. Price’s to get around Medicare limits by signing contracts with patients . He has also backed changes in antitrust law Mr. Price’s would enhance doctors’ bargaining power in negotiations with insurance companies . " Pocketbook issues   —    the economic    of physicians   —    may well be a factor contributing to the A. M. A. ’s endorsement , " said Dr. Manan Trivedi , a former Democratic candidate for Congress , who is the president of the National Physicians Alliance , a group of 10 , 000 doctors that opposes Mr. Price ’s confirmation . Dr. Patrice A. Harris , the chairwoman of the A. M. A. strongly defended the group the A. M. A. that Mr. Price could surprise critics as Dr. C. Everett Koop did Mr. Price’s 1980s , when he was surgeon general under President Ronald Reagan . Liberal politicians and Mr. Price’s ’s groups initially criticized Dr. Koop because of his opposition to abortion , but when he Dr. C. Everett Koop after more than Dr. C. Everett Koop years in office , he was Dr. C. Everett Koop praised for his role in fighting AIDS and discouraging the Dr. C. Everett Koop of tobacco . " Dr. C. Everett Koop do realize that there is a diversity of opinion on Dr. Price , " Dr. Harris said in an interview . " We respect that diversity . We take the concerns that have been expressed by some of our members We by physicians in general seriously . " Our support for We Price is based on our history with him , We extensive involvement with A. M. A. , We she added Dr. Price " Dr. Price ’s a longtime member , he ’s a delegate . For us Dr. Price he has always been accessible Dr. Price He listens , and he We knows Dr. Price policies impact the delivery of Dr. Price and the    Dr. Price . " Phillip J. Blando , a spokesman for the Trump transition team , said Mr. Price had been endorsed by many medical groups and was " uniquely prepared " for the job . " If confirmed , " he said , " Dr. Price will work to restore the    relationship Phillip J. Blando, a spokesman for the Trump transition team clamp down on Mr. Price . " Mr. Price has introduced legislation to repeal Mr. Obama ’s health law , including Mr. Price of Medicaid and subsidies for the purchase of private insurance . He advocates Mr. Price credits to help people buy insurance , greater use of individual health Mr. Price accounts and    "   pools " for people with    conditions who might otherwise have difficulty finding affordable coverage . As a member of the House Budget Committee , and then its chairman , he has supported proposals to shift Medicare away from its    commitment the House Budget Committee pay for Mr. Price services and toward a fixed government contribution for Medicare beneficiary , which could be used for either private insurance or traditional Medicare . Such proposals could increase costs for Medicare beneficiaries or limit the amount of care they receive , health policy experts say . Mr. Price has also backed turning Medicaid care block grants to state governments Medicaid Critics Mr. Price states would probably respond by restricting eligibility , cutting Medicaid benefits or reducing payments to health Medicaid providers . In leading efforts to repeal the president ’s health law , he is pursuing a goal in opposition to the policies of the A. M. the A. M. A. letter the president’s congressional leaders , Dr. J. James Rohack , who was then president of the A. M. A. said the law took " the A. M. A. improving the health of the American people , " by " extending coverage to the vast majority of the uninsured " and " improving competition and choice in the insurance marketplace . " Dr. Samantha G. Harrington , a doctor at Cambridge Hospital in Massachusetts , said she had canceled her A. M. A. membership because she found its endorsement of Mr. Price her A. M. A. membership " Dr. Thomas M. Gellhaus , Dr. Samantha G. Harrington, a doctor at Cambridge Hospital in Massachusetts her A. M. A. membership the Dr. Samantha G. Harrington, a doctor at Cambridge Hospital in Massachusetts Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists Dr. Samantha G. Harrington, a doctor at Cambridge Hospital in Massachusetts said Mr. Price had Mr. Price closely with us " on many issues . But , he said in a recent letter to the congressman , " some of Mr. Price you supported in Congress Congress not serve women ’s health well . " Mr. Dr. Thomas M. Gellhaus, president of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists has supported efforts to restrict abortion and cut off federal funds for Planned Parenthood clinics . If confirmed , Mr. Price would be only the third physician Mr. Price as secretary in the    history of the Health and Human Services Department and its predecessor , the Department of Mr. Price Education and Welfare . 
 the Health and Human Services Department 