Time magazine , unsurprisingly , has named    Donald J. Trump Time magazine person of the year for 2016 , calling him the " president of the divided states of America . "   Donald J. Trump was not happy about that title , but called his   Donald J. Trump a " tremendous honor . " As NBC was building suspense for Time magazine ’s carefully staged announcement on the " Today " show , Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump Twitter at 7:18 a. m. that he would appear   Donald J. Trump on the program . The annual marketing gimmick has , since the 1920s , attempted to select a single figure or a group that has influenced the year ’s events . Mr. Trump beat   Donald J. Trump other finalists announced on Monday , including Hillary Clinton Simone Biles , the Olympic gymnast Beyoncé Mark Zuckerberg and the Flint , Mich.    the residents and civil engineers who sounded the alarm on    water in the city . The magazine ’s " No . 2 " person of the year was Mrs. Clinton , who is on track to win the popular vote but lost the Electoral College in the presidential election to Mr. Trump . In a phone interview with Matt Lauer , a host of " Today , " Mr. Trump said : Mr. Trump " a very important magazine . I ’ve been lucky enough to be on the cover many times this year and last year . " But he added : " When Mr. Trump say divided states of America , I did n’t divide them . They ’re divided divided states of America . divided states of America mean there ’s a lot of division , and we ’re going to put it back together and we a lot of division going to have we country that ’s very well healed . " It was unclear if Mr. Trump had seen the Mr. Trump yet and knew that it was the magazine , and not Mr. Lauer , that had called the United States " divided . " The magazine ’s annual selection is more of an exercise in    than covering the news , but Mr. Trump actually gave " Today Mr. Trump news during the announcement . In a    interview , the    told Mr. Lauer that he expected to announce his choice for Mr. Lauer of state next Mr. Lauer . He also addressed his apparent decision in Mr. Lauer   — Mr. Lauer announced on Tuesday   —    to sell all of his stock holdings . Nancy Gibbs , Mr. Lauer ’s editor , said Mr. Trump ’s selection this year was " one of the more straightforward " choices the magazine had made . Mr. Trump has been on the magazine Mr. Trump’s many times in 2016 the magazine that were both positive and negative . In January , he called its profile of him " one Mr. Trump’s the best I ’ve Mr. Trump’s had . " In August , Time featured an illustrated likeness of him melting down , as rumors swirled that Mr. Trump’s campaign was faltering two months later , Mr. Trump’s revisited that image to show him in full his campaign . Last year , Mr. Trump’s Trump complained when Time chose Angela Merkel Mr. Trump’s German chancellor , and Time him as its person of the year . " Mr. Trump’s picked the German who is ruining Germany , " he said then . In 2013 , he called Mr. Trump’s list of influential people " a Mr. Trump’s " and said the magazine would soon fail . Time has occasionally chosen controversial figures , among them Adolf Hitler ( in 1938 ) and Josef Stalin ( twice : in 1939 and 1942 ) . In 1969 , it chose " The Middle Americans " for the honor , celebrating them for continuing to pray in public schools in defiance The Middle Americans the United States Supreme Court and electing Richard M. Nixon ( who himself would become the person of the year in 1971 ) to the White House . Nearly 40 years later , the magazine plastered a mirror on the cover of the magazine and named " You " its person of the magazine for 2006 . In 1982 , the magazine was a " machine of the year " : the computer . 
 