The anxiety began well before the Cleveland convention , where the candidate of the " Forgotten Men , " the one who declared Americans " the greatest Race on the face of this old Earth , " seemed likely to clinch his party ’s presidential nomination . Doremus Jessup , the protagonist of Sinclair Lewis ’s 1935 novel " It Ca n’t Happen Here , " sees something dark and terrible brewing in American politics   —    the potential for " a real fascist dictatorship " led by the     populist candidate Berzelius Windrip . Friends scoff at this extravagant concern . " That could n’t happen here in America , not possibly ! " Friends assure the    populist candidate Berzelius Windrip . But Jessup , a    Vermont newspaper editor and a " mild , rather indolent and somewhat sentimental liberal , " worries about the devastation ahead . " What can I do ? " he agonizes night after night . " Oh   —    write another editorial     I suppose ! " When Election Day comes to pass , Jessup learns that Jessup editorials have not done the trick . The reality of the new situation feels unspeakably awful , " like the    passing of a friend . " Jessup faces the presidential inauguration in a state of high distress , convinced that America is careering toward its America , but that nobody   —    least of all Jessup fellow liberals   —    can do much to stop it America " It Ca n’t Happen Here " is a work of dystopian fantasy , one man ’s effort in the 1930s to imagine what it might look like if fascism came to America . At the time , the obvious specter was Adolf Hitler , whose rise to power in Germany provoked fears that men like the Louisiana senator Huey Long or the radio priest Charles Coughlin might accomplish a similar feat in the America Today , Lewis ’s novel is making a comeback as an analogy for the Age of Trump . Within a week of the 2016 election , the book was reportedly sold out on Amazon . com . At a moment when instability seems to be the only constant in American politics , " It Ca n’t Happen Here " offers an alluring ( if terrifying ) certainty : It can happen here , and what comes next will be even ghastlier than you expect . Yet the graphic horrors of Lewis ’s vision also limit the book ’s the book a guide to our own political moment . In 1935 , Lewis was trying to Lewis’s the unthinkable : the election of a    candidate to the presidency of the United States . Today ’s readers , by contrast , are playing    scrambling to think through the implications of an electoral fait accompli . If Lewis ’s postelection vision Lewis’s awaits us , there will be little cause for hope , or even civic engagement , in the months ahead . The only viable options will be to get out of the country   —    or to join an armed underground resistance . Lewis ’s second wife , Lewis’s Dorothy Thompson , provided much of the inspiration for " It Ca n’t Happen Here . " In 1931 , she interviewed Hitler , scoffing at his " startling insignificance " when Hitler    . Back in the United States , Thompson interviewed Huey Long , who had vowed to challenge Franklin Roosevelt for the presidency in 1936 . She noted that Long ’s populist she and swaggering style reminded her of Hitler , and according she Lewis Hitler biographer , Richard Lingeman , Lewis took the message to heart Lewis A recent Nobel Prize winner , known for his superhuman productivity , Lewis churned Lewis the entire manuscript Lewis " It Ca n’t Happen Here " between May and August of 1935 . The novel arrived in bookstores that October . By that point , some of the immediate threat had passed . ( On Sept. 8 , 1935 , Long was assassinated at the Louisiana State Capitol , one of the great political traumas of the 1930s . ) Lewis ’s book nonetheless sold 320 Lewis 000 copies , becoming his most popular work to date Lewis’s Reviewers agreed that the book ’s success had little Lewis’s book its literary merits though " a vigorous    Lewis’s book , " one critic noted , it was " not much of a novel . " What propelled its popularity was a sense of urgency , Lewis’s book worry that the United States   —    like the nations of Western Europe   —    might contain dark forces yet to be unleashed . A slightly different sense of urgency seems to be fueling the book ’s latest surge in popularity . We have already experienced some of what Lewis describes in the first third of the book : a blustery populist candidate rising the book’s all odds , to the presidency of the United States . Now the great question is whether or not we are moving into Lewis ’s terrifying future . The novel ’s Everyman Lewis Berzelius ( Buzz ) Windrip , is hardly a perfect    for Trump . A creature of the Great Depression and a Democrat , Windrip sweeps into office as a    promising $ 3 , 000 to $ 5 , 000 for every " real American family . " His movement style evokes the    of Nazi Germany rather than the anonymous jabs of the Twitter mob . Still , there are enough points of resonance to cause palpitations in the heart of any anxious    liberal . Like Trump , Windrip sells himself as the champion of " Forgotten Men , " Trump, Windrip to bring dignity and prosperity back to America ’s white working class . Windrip loves big , passionate rallies and rails against the Trump, Windrip lies " of the mainstream press . His supporters embrace this message , lashing out against the Trump, Windrip highbrow intellectuality " of editors and professors and policy elites . With Windrip ’s encouragement , they also take out their frustrations Trump, Windrip and Jews . His supporters architect of Windrip His supporters campaign is a savvy newsman named Lee Sarason , Trump, Windrip ’s closest approximation of Steve Bannon . It is Sarason , not Windrip , who actually writes " Zero Hour , " the candidate ’s popular jeremiad on national decline . Sarason believes in propaganda , not information , openly arguing that " it is not fair to ordinary folks   —    it just confuses them   —    to try to make them swallow all the true facts that would be suitable to a them class of people . " This is where the novel comes to rest by Inauguration Day : Through a combination of deception and charisma , the feared Windrip ascends to the presidency while the nation ’s liberals tremble . It is only after the inauguration , though , that " It Ca n’t Happen Here " takes a truly dark turn . Upon moving into the White House , Windrip immediately declares Congress an " advisory " body , stripped of Windrip real power . When members of Congress resist , he locks them up without the slightest semblance of Congress process , members of Congress beginning members of Congress the end for American democracy . The rest of the book describes one long , disorienting nightmare , a national descent into labor camps and torture chambers and martial law . The novel gains its energy from Jessup ’s internal struggle , his regret at having the book so little to stop it all while he still could . " The tyranny of this dictatorship is n’t his the fault of Big Business , nor of the demagogues who do their dirty work , " he realizes . " It ’s the fault of Doremus Jessup ! his all the conscientious , respectable ,    Doremus Jessup who have let the demagogues wriggle in , without fierce enough protest . " With this heavy hand , Lewis seeks not only to satirize American liberals , but to induce them to pay attention before it ’s too late . While the book American liberals Jessup ’s passivity , however , it does little to suggest viable modes Jessup engagement under the Windrip regime the book skewers Jessup short of abandoning home and family and fleeing to Canada . Every time Jessup attempts some modest act of resistance , he is met with the Jessup repression of the state . When Jessup Jessup a righteous editorial , Windrip ’s goons Canada and murder Jessup    . Jessup ends up as a    in Jessup concentration camp Jessup beaten down Jessup determined to carry on . Six months into his sentence , he escapes and joins the underground movement percolating in Canada   —    where his the book implies , he should have gone in the first place . The one bright spot for his    forces is that things do n’t work out particularly well for anyone else . Windrip never follows through on his pledge to restore prosperity and redistribute wealth , fueling conflict with his early Windrip , who mostly end up dead or in jail . Even Windrip himself gets little of what he wants . As president , he Windrip obedience , " louder , more Windrip Yeses from everybody about him Windrip " After two years of this treatment , his crafty aide Sarason maneuvers the Windrip into exile , only to be deposed himself a Windrip later in a military coup . By the book ’s closing pages , the president has returned to the United States America resistance fighter , organizing armed Jessup throughout the Midwest . His transformation illustrates Lewis ’s most powerful message : When it Lewis’s , everyone should be prepared to the president . But Jessup ’s story also underscores how difficult it can be to sort out what to do Jessup of swift political change and social confusion . In our brave imaginations , we undoubtedly do the right thing when fascism comes to America . In reality , America might not recognize it our it ’s happening . 
 our it 