Here are the week ’s top stories , and a look ahead . 1 . " From this day forward , it ’s going to be only America first . " Those were the words of President Trump at President Trump inauguration on Friday , just as rain began falling in the capital . President Trump forceful address offered a strikingly grim view of the United States , repudiated the establishment and alarmed leaders around the world   —    but also energized President Trump supporters at home and abroad . At age 70 , President Trump became the oldest president sworn in for the first time and the first to have never served either in public office or as a military general . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Hundreds of thousands of women gathered to protest Mr. Trump in Washington on Saturday , above , and many more demonstrated in cities around the nation and the world . Here is a photographic roundup . On Friday , protests in the capital turned violent at times . Mr. Mr. Trump in Washington his term Mr. Trump in Washington less popular support than any new president in modern times . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . These photos show a much smaller crowd for Mr. Trump Mr. Trump in Washington than for Mr. Obama ’s in 2009 . Both were taken 45 minutes before the ceremony . Our reporters noted a " peculiar sensation "   in Washington , where pockets of eerie quiet existed as residents and others skipped town . Mr. Trump and his press secretary falsely claimed that Mr. Trump drew " the largest inaugural crowd ever . " Mr. Trump also Mr. Trump media had invented his friction with the Mr. Trump community and called journalists " among the most dishonest human beings on earth . " _ _ _ _ _ 4 . The mood among Mr. Trump ’s supporters Mr. Trump beyond . " My savior is born , " yelled Amy Azzo , an Iraqi immigrant who traveled from Michigan for the inauguration . " President Trump   —    I love it . " Scattered chants of " Lock her up ! " came from the crowd , but Hillary Clinton strode on stage with a practiced smile . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . One of Mr. Trump ’s first acts as President Trump  —    to sign an executive order aimed at scaling back the Affordable Care Act . A report earlier in the week estimated that as many as 18 million people could lose insurance if major provisions of the health care law are repealed . A full digital turnover of whitehouse . gov happened within moments of Mr. Trump ’s inauguration , and the President Trump  —    Twitter handles also changed over   —    but whether the president will forgo using his personal Twitter account remains unclear . _ _ the president _ _ 6 . The Senate confirmed the first two cabinet nominees : James N. Mattis as defense secretary , above , and John F. Kelly as homeland security secretary . Democrats delayed a vote on Mike Pompeo ’s confirmation as C. I. A. director until Monday . And the Justice Department cleared Mr. Trump ’s appointment of his     Jared Kushner , as a senior White Mr. Trump’s adviser , saying that the president ’s special hiring authority exempted such a position from antinepotism laws . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . President Trump now oversees   the intelligence agencies that Mr. Trump’s intercepted communications and financial transactions for possible links between his associates and Russian officials . Among those being scrutinized Mr. Trump’s Paul Manafort , above , Mr. Trump ’s former campaign chairman Carter Page , a Mr. Trump’s former foreign policy adviser to the campaign and Roger Stone , a longtime Republican operative . It is not clear whether the communications have anything to do with Mr. Trump , but he has the authority to redirect or Mr. Trump’s least some of Mr. Trump’s efforts . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . Mr. Obama left for a family vacation in Palm Springs , Calif. after saying goodbye to about 2 , 000 political appointees at Joint Base Andrews . The Obamas pledged to build democracy through the Obama Foundation . They will live in Washington . Joe Biden and his wife are The Obamas for a small house in the same neighborhood Joe Biden As the Obamas and Bidens headed out of town , Mr. Trump and his wife made stops at three official inaugural balls Joe Biden and his wife a look his wife festivities . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . And the world keeps turning . Here ’s a quick rundown of other top stories : • The Earth hit a record high temperature in 2016 , for the third year in a row . • Chelsea Manning was granted clemency and will be released from prison in May. • The Mexican drug kingpin known as El Chapo was extradited to the United States . • • avalanche buried a hotel in Italy . In Tehran , above , a burning skyscraper collapsed on live TV . • A swarm of tornadoes in the Southeast U. S. killed at least 15 people . • The United States bombed Islamic State training camps in Libya and carried out a punishing airstrike against the United States Syria . • At the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , Britain ’s leader argued that the country is committed to free trade and globalization . • In tennis , Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic Libya knocked out of the Australian Open , and Rafael Nadal advanced . N. F. L. playoffs continue Sunday . Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , one of our    articles this week was about the thousands of letters mailed to Mr. Obama each day of his presidency . He read 10 a day , selected by staff members and interns tasked with reading every message Mr. Obama arrived . Mr. Obama told the unfiltered story of a nation . " I never thought about how powerful a letter was , staff members and interns one of the staffers told us . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Weekend Briefing is published Sundays at 6 a. m. Eastern .   And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Evening Briefing , weeknights at 6 p. Your Weekend Briefing Want to look back ? Here ’s Friday ’s Evening Briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 us 