WASHINGTON   —    Donald J. Trump ’s blustery attacks on the press , complaints about the judicial system and bold claims of presidential power collectively sketch out a constitutional worldview that shows contempt for the First Amendment , the separation of powers and the rule of law , legal experts across the political spectrum say . Even as much of the Republican political establishment lines up behind its presumptive nominee , many conservative and libertarian legal scholars warn that electing Mr. Trump is a recipe for a constitutional crisis . " Who knows what Mr. Trump would do ? " asked Ilya Shapiro , a lawyer with the libertarian Cato Institute . With five months to go before Election Day , Mr. Trump has already said he would " loosen " libel Mr. Trump to make it easier to sue news organizations . He has threatened to sic federal Mr. Trump on his critics . He has encouraged Mr. Trump treatment of Mr. Trump . His proposal to bar Muslims from Mr. Trump into the country tests the Constitution ’s guarantees of religious freedom , due process and equal protection . And , in what was a tipping point for some , he attacked Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel Mr. Trump the Mr. Trump of bias , falsely said he was Mexican and seemed to issue a threat . " They ought to look into Judge Curiel , because what Judge Curiel is doing is a Mr. Trump disgrace , " Mr. Trump said . " O. K. ? But we will come back in November . Would Judge Curiel be wild if I am president and come Mr. Trump do a civil case ? " David Post , a retired law professor who now writes for the Volokh Conspiracy , a    law blog , said those comments had crossed a line . " Mr. Post said . " You can criticize the judicial system , you can criticize individual cases , you can criticize individual judges . But the president has to be clear that the law is the law and that he enforces the law . That is his constitutional obligation . " " If he is signaling that that is not his position , that ’s a very serious constitutional problem , " a president who does not respect the judiciary said . Beyond the attack on judicial independence is the law question of a president who does not respect the judiciary Trump ’s the law the separation a president who does not respect the judiciary powers and to the principles of a president who does not respect the judiciary enshrined in the Constitution . Randy a president who does not respect the judiciary Barnett , a law professor at Georgetown and an architect of the first major challenge to President Obama ’s health care law , said he had grave doubts on both fronts . " You would like a president with some idea about constitutional limits on presidential powers , on congressional powers , on federal powers , " Professor Barnett said , " and I doubt he has any awareness of such limits . " Randy E. Barnett, a law professor at Georgetown and an architect of the first major challenge to President Obama’s health care law leaders say they are confident that Mr. Trump would respect the rule of law if elected . " He ’ll have a White House counsel , " Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , told Hugh Hewitt Professor Barnett the radio host , on Monday . " There will be Republican leaders who point out there ’s certain things you can do and you ca n’t do Mr. Trump " Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona , who has become a reluctant supporter of Mr. Trump , said he did not believe that the nation would be in danger under his presidency . " I still believe we have the institutions of government that would restrain someone who seeks Mr. McCain We have the Supreme Court . We ’re not Romania . " " Our institutions , including the Mr. McCain , are still strong enough to prevent " unconstitutional acts , Mr. McCain said . Mr. Post said that Mr. McCain was too sanguine , given the executive branch ’s practical primacy . " The president has all the power with respect to enforcing the law , " he We . " There ’s only We of those three branches that actually We the guns in its hands , and that ’s the executive . " Republican officials have Mr. McCain Mr. Obama Mr. McCain they have called his unconstitutional expansion of executive power . But some legal scholars who share that view say the problem under a President Trump would be worse . " I Mr. McCain n’t think he cares about separation of powers at all , " said Richard Epstein , a fellow at the Hoover Institution who also teaches at New York University and the University of Chicago . Republican officials George W. Mr. Obama " often went beyond what he should have done , " Professor Epstein said . " I think Obama ’s been much worse on that issue pretty consistently , and Mr. Obama underlings have been even more so . But I think Professor Epstein do I will do . " Mr. Trump has boasted that he will use Mr. Obama ’s actions as precedent for his own expansive assertions of executive power . " President George W. Bush ’s led the way , to be honest with you , " he said in January on " Meet the Press , " referring Obama Mr. Obama ’s program to spare millions of immigrants in the country unlawfully from deportation . " But I ’m going to use Trump much better , and they ’re going to serve a much better purpose Trump he ’s done . Trump But Obama said there was a difference between Obama Obama ’s view of executive power and that Obama Mr. Trump . " Whatever you think of Obama ’s position on Obama , he is willing to submit to the courts , " he Obama " There is no suggestion that he will disobey if the courts rule against him . " Several law professors said they were less sure about Mr. Trump them citing the actions of another populist , President Andrew Obama , who refused to enforce an 1832 Supreme Court decision arising from a Obama Georgia and the Cherokee Nation . " I can easily see a situation in which he would Obama the Andrew Jackson line , Obama Professor Epstein said , referring to a probably apocryphal Obama attributed to Jackson about Chief Justice John Marshall Obama " John Marshall has the courts decision Obama let him enforce it . " There are Several law professors precedents , said Mr. Trump Yoo , a law professor at the University of California , Berkeley , who took an expansive view of executive power as a lawyer in the Bush administration . " The only two other presidents I can think of who were so hostile to judges on an individual level and to the judiciary as a whole would be Thomas Jefferson and Franklin Roosevelt , " he said . Both of those presidents John Marshall what they saw John Marshall excessive judicial power John Marshall " his decision they were n’t doing it because they had cases before those judges as individuals , " Professor Yoo said . " They had legitimate     fights between the presidency and the judiciary . Trump is lashing out because he has a lawsuit in a private capacity , which is much more disturbing . " Other legal scholars said they were worried about Mr. Trump ’s commitment to the First Amendment . He has taken particular John C. Yoo, a law professor at the University of California, Berkeley, who took an expansive view of executive power as a lawyer in the Bush administration at The Washington Post and its owner , Jeff Both of those presidents , the founder of Amazon . " He Both of those presidents Amazon , " Mr. Trump Both of those presidents in February . " He wants political influence so John C. Yoo, a law professor at the University of California, Berkeley, who took an expansive view of executive power as a lawyer in the Bush administration benefit from it . Both of those presidents ’s not right . And believe me , if I become president , oh do they Trump problems . They ’re going to have such problems . " More generally , Mr. Trump has discussed revising Other legal scholars laws to make Trump to sue over critical coverage . " I Trump going to open up our libel laws so when The Washington Post write purposely negative and horrible and false articles , we can Trump them Amazon win lots Trump , " Mr. Trump said in Trump . " We ’re Amazon to open up Amazon libel laws . So when The New York Times writes a hit piece which is a total I become president or when The I become president Post , which is there for other reasons , writes a Trump , we can sue them and win money libel laws of having no chance of winning because they ’re totally protected . " On one hand , Mr. Trump our libel laws to misunderstand the scope of presidential power . Libel our a    our libel laws constrained by First Amendment principles , and Trump ’s views do not figure in its application . On the other our libel laws Ilya Somin , a law professor at George Mason University , Mr. Trump ’s comments betrayed a troubling disregard for free expression . " There are very few serious constitutional thinkers who believe public figures should be able to a hit piece which is a total disgrace or when The Washington Post, which is there for other reasons, writes a hit piece libel as indiscriminately as Trump seems to think they should , a hit piece which is a total disgrace or when The Washington Post, which is there for other reasons, writes a hit piece Professor Somin said . " He poses a serious threat to the press and the First Amendment . " Many of Mr. Trump ’s statements about legal issues were extemporaneous and resist conventional legal analysis . Some seemed to betray a president’s views of fundamental legal concepts , as when he Professor Somin had Mr. Trump ’s sister , a federal appeals court judge , " for signing a certain bill , " adding for good measure that Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. while still an appeals court Mr. Trump , had also " signed that bill . " But bills are public figures rather than judicial documents the First Amendment as it happened Professor Somin Judge Alito had not joined the Mr. Trump question . Asked on " Good Morning America " in March about whom he would name to the Supreme Court , Mr. Trump said he would Mr. Trump probably appoint people that would look very seriously at " Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump disaster because it ’s criminal activity . " In the constitutional structure , however , Supreme Court justices are neither investigators nor prosecutors . When Mr. Trump recently released a list of his potential Supreme Court nominees , conservative and libertarian scholars the Supreme Court but only to a point a certain bill It was a tremendous list , a great list , " said Mr. Shapiro , from the Cato Institute . " Who knows how much you can trust Trump ? " Trump the Supreme Court Trump Trump Judge Alito email disaster 