Ambitious creators and    releases have turned series television into a medium of sprawling stories that stretch across entire seasons , or longer . But the fundamental TV unit is still the episode . Here , the television critics of The New York Times discuss the television critics of The New York Times favorite single episodes of 2016   —    the hours or    that most moved , amused or otherwise stuck with the television critics of The New York Times , for whatever reason , out of the thousands the television critics of The New York Times watched this year . This utterly unscientific list , arranged alphabetically by series , contains spoilers . Please share your own favorite episodes of 2016 in the comments . [ Related : The Best TV Shows of 2016 ] ‘ The Americans’ ( FX ) Among the many things at which this show excels is     action , and the flight of the reluctant spy Martha Hanson in this episode was the high point of the season . It was suspenseful , comic ( in the K. G. B. ’s ability to stay two steps ahead of the F. B. I. ) and heartbreaking , as she clung to the belief that she marriage to a K. G. B. agent was real . Unfortunately , it was also Martha ’s     appearance of the season , and the chances that Alison Wright might reprise her Alison Wright performance look slim   —    she Alison Wright roles in two coming series , " Sneaky Pete " for Amazon and " Feud " for FX . MIKE HALE ‘ Atlanta’ ( FX FX No other show this year had such a nimble mastery of tone or such a surprising and enchanting ability to toy with form . This is an entire episode of a fake talk show ( " Montague " ) on a fake channel ( the Black American Network ) including fake commercials . " B. A. N. " is hilariously silly   —    " I was n’t getting enough crystal in my diet , " sighs a woman on a commercial for a    oracle   —    but then shockingly and effectively slides into a scathing political commentary when a cartoon commercial for children ’s cereal becomes a criticism of police brutality . MARGARET LYONS ‘ Bates Motel’ ( AE ) As a prequel to " Psycho , " this series has always had an inevitable future looming over it this series The core piece of that an inevitable future looming over it in shattering fashion in this May episode , which ended with the young Norman Bates ( Freddie Highmore ) lying down beside his mother the young Norman Bates (Freddie Highmore) Norma ( Vera Farmiga ) after making sure the faulty furnace would fill her bedroom the young Norman Bates (Freddie Highmore) gas . Norman has the young Norman Bates (Freddie Highmore) deteriorating psychologically from the start of the series in 2013 , but the pace has accelerated , and Norma ’s marriage to Sheriff Alex Romero ( Nestor Carbonell ) left the disturbed boy feeling under siege . He survived Norma’s marriage to Sheriff Alex Romero (Nestor Carbonell) gas gas Alex ’s dramatic rescue , but Norma died , Norma we knew she must eventually Norma Ms. Farmiga , though , will still be there when the show returns next year for its fifth and the show season . Because in Norman ’s mind , Mother never dies , does she ? NEIL Mother [ Sign up for the Watching newsletter to get recommendations straight to your inbox . ] ‘ ’ ( ABC ) This    in the spirit of the issue comedy of the Norman Lear 1970s , directly addressed the Black Lives Matter protests . The extended Johnson family watches a very familiar    case play out on the news , coming at the topic from multiple angles and drawing broad connections . As Andre ( Anthony Anderson ) remembers his pride and Andre (Anthony Anderson) in seeing the newly elected Barack Obama leave his bulletproof limousine Andre (Anthony Anderson) he gives this Andre (Anthony Anderson) one of the finest dramatic moments of the year . JAMES PONIEWOZIK ‘ Black Mirror’ ( Netflix ) The recurring theme of Charlie Brooker ’s    anthology is the entanglement of digital and emotional life . As the series’ foreboding title hints , it rarely goes well , but " San Junipero " is a delightful exception . A    technology that allows people to inhabit the past brings together two women ( Mackenzie Davis and Gugu   ) in a 1987 of the mind , where they make a two women (Mackenzie Davis and Gugu  ) that survives death . There ’s a bittersweet theme about nostalgia as an opiate , but for once this ingeniously dark series ends on a note of cyberhope . JAMES PONIEWOZIK ‘ BoJack Horseman’ ( Netflix ) A celebrity horse and his personal demons JAMES PONIEWOZIK underwater and find new depths . In this episode set   —    naturally   —    at a film festival at the bottom of the ocean , the    BoJack JAMES PONIEWOZIK ‘BoJack Horseman’ a city and finds himself caring for a newborn seahorse separated from its JAMES PONIEWOZIK ‘BoJack Horseman’ . Gorgeously surreal and almost entirely without JAMES PONIEWOZIK ‘BoJack Horseman’ , this tour de force marries " Lost in Translation " with Looney Tunes to haunting , slapstick effect . JAMES PONIEWOZIK ‘ Broad City’ ( Comedy Central ) Leave it to Ilana on " Broad City " to accidentally wear a dog hoodie to work   —    and to " solve " that by simply coloring in her exposed midriff with a red marker to match Ilana hoodie . Also leave it to her to sing while sitting on the toilet , Ilana herself with an egg shaker . Abbi ’s rabid Ilana spirit at a work outing makes for a good    for the episode , but the crowning moment of the episode ( and maybe the season ) comes the episode ’s    celebrating her firing . They    the " Joyful , Joyful Ilana’s    choir performance from " Sister Act II , " and then Whoopi Goldberg shows up in a full habit . MARGARET LYONS ‘ Documentary Now!’ ( IFC ) In this parody of " Jiro Dreams of Sushi , " Arturo ( Fred Armisen ) apprentices in his obsessive father ’s critically lauded restaurant but must overcome his own debilitating fear of poultry . ( " They his a man who is afraid a chicken , " says his    Bill Hader , playing a food writer . a man who is afraid a chicken So what do you call a man who is afraid of a chicken ? Can you even call him a man at all ? ") As meticulously    a man who is afraid of a chicken its subject chefs , this episode   —    written    Seth Meyers   —    is both hilarious and as sincere , even moving , as its source material . It ’s a deceptively simple dish    impeccably plated .    PONIEWOZIK ‘ Easy’ ( Netflix ) " Easy " on the whole was aimless and    but this one episode shines thanks to terrific performances , a this episode   mood , and one of the richest , most beautiful TV scores of the year . Gugu    plays Sophie , an actress going through the final phases of a breakup while poised for a big break professionally . Jane Adams plays Annabelle , one of Sophie ’s    and confidants , who ’s startled and saddened to find herself single at this point in her life . These two performances Jane Adams extraordinarily full , especially given Jane Adams sparse the dialogue on the show is , and Jake Weber ’s warm sexiness as Annabelle ’s amiable booty call is a special treat . MARGARET LYONS ‘ Halt and Catch Fire’ ( AMC ) Set at a fledgling internet company , Mutiny , in the early days of personal computing , " Halt " ca n’t rely on the usual tricks of serial drama . There ’s no murder , no magic , just    people with conflicting ideas on how best to run a business and create a new world . Three seasons of this tension built to the stunning ending of this episode , in which the partnership behind Mutiny dissolves . Anchored by the committed performances of Mackenzie Davis and Kerry Bishé , it ’s a sad , inevitable breakup that allows everyone to be a little bit right and a little bit wrong . JAMES PONIEWOZIK ‘ Mom’ ( CBS ) No series is better at mixing     comedy and somber themes than " Mom , " which managed that difficult feat with particular skill in this February episode . The show stars Allison Janney and Anna Faris as a mother and daughter working hard to shake substance abuse , and they have a circle of friends also in recovery . The episode , the strongest in a strong third season , devotes this February episode of time and laughs to a bachelorette party . That makes the ending , with the news that a young character named Jodi ( Emily Osment ) has died of an overdose , all that much more jolting . This is a comedy confident enough to have a serious agenda . Treating addiction humorously works on a certain level , but , Chuck Lorre , one of the show ’s creators , told The Hollywood Reporter , " you do n’t lose sight of the fact that this is a     issue . " NEIL GENZLINGER ‘ Occupied’ ( Netflix , Pivot TV ) This Norwegian political thriller had a great premise : When a Green Party prime minister announces that Norway is ending its oil production , the European Union backs a Russian occupation of the Norway ( in the guise of industrial assistance ) . " April , " the premiere , detailed the complicated scenario and set the smart , twisty plot in motion in just 45 minutes of nonstop tension . Keep your eyes on the helicopter . MIKE HALE ‘ Outlander’ ( Starz ) Caitriona Balfe has been giving an    performance as the    Claire since this series began in 2014 , but her work in this May episode really stood out . Claire suffers a MIKE HALE ‘Outlander’ (Starz) Caitriona Balfe , and Ms. Balfe ’s portrayal of grief is the   Claire . In another show , MIKE HALE ‘Outlander’ (Starz) Caitriona Balfe would have built to that singular moment , but in this this February episode always fearless about depicting things that are hard to watch , it this series one of several emotionally fraught developments . Among the others : this February episode rape of a child , a rape by a king and a trial by witchcraft . To pack so much into an hourlong episode is an achievement to do so without any of it seeming rushed or gimmicky is astonishing . NEIL GENZLINGER ‘ Silicon Valley’ ( HBO ) an hourlong episode of HBO ’s    comedy NEIL GENZLINGER be as intricately assembled as the products its characters labor over . This one took the Pied Piper crew from joy at moving into comedy new offices   —    Dinesh could now play solitaire on six monitors at once   —    to the dawning realization that their utopian storage platform was being turned into a black box designed to hide information . And the Pied Piper crew included the unforgettable scene in which the cynical new chief executive played by Stephen Tobolowsky explained business realities while watching two of his thoroughbreds mate . MIKE HALE ‘ Speechless’ ( ABC ) " Speechless , " a sitcom the cynical new chief executive played by Stephen Tobolowsky a MIKE HALE a nonverbal child , knocks down more preconceptions about the world of disabilities with each episode . This one , from early December , took on a particularly annoying    story that crops up constantly on local news and social media : the one in which a child with Down syndrome or autism or whatever is allowed to score a touchdown or goal in a meaningless game while the opposing team stands down . It happens to JJ DiMeo , who has cerebral palsy ( as does Micah Fowler , the actor who plays him ) during gym class , and he is quick to use his    device to tell everyone that he is not interested in being him to or pitied in him way . By the end of him episode , he has found a    team for people with disabilities where this February episode is real , and so is him contact   —    he ends up with a smashed face , just as nondisabled hockey players sometimes do . The message , him always on this show , is served with a brash brand of mirth . the show plot in the episode finds JJ ’s mother ( Minnie Driver ) walking in on his aide ( this February episode ) in the shower . NEIL GENZLINGER ‘ Superstore’ ( NBC ) The genial " Superstore JJ’s " about misfits who work at NEIL GENZLINGER establishment , NEIL GENZLINGER ‘Silicon Valley’ (HBO) most daring or topical comedy on television , but the episode it broadcast five days before the November election somehow captured the bizarreness of the 2016 campaign better than many of television ’s most earnest offerings did . The store was a polling site , and before the zany day was done , a customer used a voting booth as a changing booth , employees and management engaged in a battle of dueling pamphlets , and ballots were inadvertently destroyed , among other things . The names " Trump " and " Clinton " were barely mentioned , but the episode managed to capture the surreal electoral moment perfectly . NEIL GENZLINGER ‘ Westworld’ ( HBO this February episode the opaque    of its early episodes and the numbing exposition of NEIL GENZLINGER ones , " Westworld NEIL had a midseason sweet spot where it found the right balance    ideas and action   —    where    was just plain good science fiction . " The Adversary " stood    for Thandie Newton ’s otherworldly performance as Maeve , the rebellious android    turned on her human handlers . Secretly touring the Westworld labs , she looked in wonder at her fellow robots being built , taught , repaired and disposed Maeve . MIKE HALE ‘ The Walking Dead’ ( AMC Maeve You could argue that Maeve season premiere was excessively gory and thoughtless . MIKE HALE did . Or you could argue that it gave the most realistic , uncompromising rendering in the show ’s seven years of how people would actually think and behave in a zombie apocalypse . this season premiere ‘ The   ’ ( Fox ) " Yeah , this is how I like my Mulder , " Scully says as MIKE HALE up a kooky rant . She might as well have been speaking for the entire " " fandom : The reboot of the series was , like my Mulder reboots , less spectacular than one Scully have hoped . But at least there was this one episode , written by Darin Morgan , who is responsible for some of the best and most beloved installments of the original series . " " includes loads of callbacks and nods to superfans , but it was also the only revival episode that captured the wry humor of the series . MARGARET LYONS 
 MARGARET LYONS MARGARET LYONS the series 