WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump said on Wednesday that Mitt Romney , the 2012 Republican presidential nominee , was still in the running to become Donald J. Trump secretary of state despite their bitter differences during the campaign , as Donald J. Trump narrowed Donald J. Trump choices and planned an announcement next week for the crucial post . " Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee, was still in the running to become his secretary of state despite their bitter differences during the campaign, as he narrowed his choices and planned an announcement next week for the crucial post had some tremendous difficulty together , and now I think Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee, was still in the running to become his secretary of state despite their bitter differences during the campaign, as he narrowed his choices and planned an announcement next week for the crucial post ’ve come a long way , " Mr. Trump said of Donald J. Trump in a telephone interview on NBC ’s " Today " show , where it was announced that Time magazine had named the    its Time magazine Person of the Year . " Mr. Mr. Trump the    selection process and highly publicized flirtation with Mr. Romney was not intended to torment a campaign nemesis but rather to find the right person to serve as the nation ’s chief diplomat . " It ’s not about revenge , it ’s It what ’s good for the country , and I ’m able to put this stuff behind us , " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Nearly a month after his stunning election Mr. Trump ended a bitterly divisive presidential race , Mr. Trump flatly Mr. Trump responsibility for the rifts , saying , " I ’m not president yet , so I did n’t do anything to divide . " But in the interview with Time , Mr. Trump repeated some Mr. Trump harsh talk that marked his unorthodox campaign , and Mr. Trump declined to criticize or Mr. Trump President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines , who has called President Obama a " son of a whore " and has been accused of waging a campaign of extrajudicial killings of thousands of people suspected of being drug dealers . Told that his promises to crack down Mr. Trump undocumented immigrants who kill and rape Americans echo Mr. Duterte ’s talk about annihilating drug dealers and users , Mr. Trump did not dispute the comparison . " Well , hey , look , this is bad stuff , " he told Time . " Mr. Trump slice them up , they carve They initials in They girl They forehead , O. K. ? What are we supposed to do ? Be nice about it ? " He also rejected the conclusion Mr. Trump United States intelligence officials who had said Russia was behind the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign emails released on WikiLeaks , saying he thought that conclusion was Mr. Trump by politics . " I do n’t believe it . I do n’t that they interfered , " Trump said of the Russians . The interview came as Mr. Trump continued to fill Trump ranks of his administration with loyalists who will Trump pivotal roles . He told donors at a private Trump at the restaurant Cipriani in Manhattan that Terry E. Branstad , the governor of Iowa and an early supporter of his campaign , would be the Trump States ambassador to China , a crucial post managing a complex relationship that Mr. Trump has indicated he is Trump shake up even Trump . Mr. Trump also said he would have Trump big announcements " Trump personnel on Wednesday and Thursday . Another contender for secretary of state , he said on " Today , " is Trump W. Tillerson , the president and chief executive of Exxon Mobil , whom he called a " great , great gentleman Trump who has " built a tremendous company over a period of years with great style . " He said he had ruled out " in Trump own Trump " other prominent candidates who have been considered for the post   —    a group that includes Rudolph W. Giuliani , the former mayor of New York Gen. David H. Petraeus , the former C. I. A. director Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee and John R. Bolton , a former ambassador to the United Nations   —    but he declined to say which ones . One Trump after picking a fight on Twitter with Boeing over the cost of developing the next generation of Air Force One , Mr. Trump said he had spoken to officials Trump company and Trump insist on a    aircraft Boeing the contract . " We ’re going to work it out , but you know that ’s what I the contract here for , " Mr. Trump said . " I ’m going to Trump , and the planes are too expensive , and we ’re going to get the prices down , and if We do n’t get the prices , we ’re not We to order them . prices also We his apparent decision in June , divulged prices a member Trump his transition team on Tuesday , to sell all of Trump stock holdings , a move he said he made Trump avoid " tremendous " potential Trump of Trump in the event he won the election . " I do n’t think Trump appropriate for me to be owning stocks when I ’m making deals for this country that maybe will affect one company positively and one company negatively , " Mr. Trump said . Time magazine ’s article branded him the president of the " divided states of America , " a Mr. Trump Mr. Trump denounced as " snarky . " " When you say divided Mr. Trump America , I did n’t divide them , " Mr. Trump told NBC . America They ’re divided now , divided states of America ’s a Mr. Trump division , and we ’re divided states of America to put it back together , and we ’re going to have a country that ’s very a lot of division healed . " In we interview with Time , he suggested he was willing to moderate some of his    campaign stances and adjust others to he to a broader portion of Americans he Mr. Trump , whose campaign was fueled largely by promises to build a wall on the country ’s southern border and deport those who came in illegally , said he would like to find an accommodation for the undocumented young people   —    he referred to as Dreamers   —    who were brought to the United States as children . After Mr. Obama took executive action to create a program granting them legal status , many of those who came forward to register now worry that those who came in illegally could be easily found and deported . " We ’re going to work something those who came forward to register now that ’s going to make people happy and proud , " Mr. Trump told Time . " They got brought here at a very young age , they ’ve worked here , those who came forward to register now ’ve gone to school here . Some were good those who came forward to register now . Some have wonderful those who came forward to register now . And they ’re in    land because they do n’t know what ’s going to happen Some " On economic policy , Some Trump suggested that a major new infrastructure and tax package could serve as stimulus Mr. Trump    " You have to prime the pump " to create jobs and accelerate growth , he told Time   —    just as Mr. Obama ’s $ 787 billion economic recovery Mr. Trump was intended to do when he took office in 2009 . Mr. Trump told NBC that he had developed a tight Mr. Obama with Mr. Obama , with Mr. Trump has had a " Mr. Trump good dialogue " about policy ideas Mr. Obama choices . " Mr. Trump take his recommendations very seriously , " Mr. Trump said of Mr. Obama . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Obama 