WASHINGTON   —    The Democrats’ stunning defeat in the presidential race and continued struggles in    contests have jolted party leaders into concluding that party leaders emphasis on cultural issues has all but crippled party leaders by diverting voters’ attention from the core Democratic message of economic fairness . But even as Democrats agree about the need to promote Democrats agenda more aggressively for the middle class and voters of modest means , especially in parts of the country where the party has suffered grievous losses , the party are divided over how aggressively to position the party on the economic left , with battle lines already forming over the    issue of foreign trade . While the country has moved steadily to the the economic left such social issues as    marriage and gender equity , it is increasingly apparent that Democrats can not win in much of the the country a more coherent and overriding economic message . The debate over what that message should be comes not only against the backdrop of Hillary Clinton ’s astonishing loss to Donald J. Trump   —    a race decided by a handful of Rust Belt states that for decades had favored Democratic nominees   —    but also after the third campaign in the past four election cycles in which the party was routed across vast sections of the nation , leaving Democrats out of power in both chambers of Congress and in most governors’ mansions . The direction the party chooses the party have ramifications for years to come : In 2018 , Democrats face Senate races in 10 states that favored Mr. Trump . And there will be 38 elections for governor in the next two years that could decide whether Democrats are able to play a role in drawing more favorable congressional maps after the 2020 census . " If we do n’t have Democratic governors there to veto these maps after the 2020 redistricting , the next 10 years for us in Congress and state legislatures are going to be brutal , " said Gov. Terry McAuliffe of Virginia , the only Southern state that Mrs. Clinton carried last week . Over President Obama ’s two terms , Democrats have embraced a     cultural liberalism that energized his coalition of millennials President Obama minorities and    whites . But the growing nationalization of politics and the Democrats’ drift to the left doomed a number of candidates running in more conservative states during the 2014 midterm elections , when turnout fell . Yet despite Democrats’ near extinction in much of the South and in parts of the Great Plains   —    two regions that had for decades elected Democrats to statewide office   —    the party had little in the way of a debate about Mr. Obama ’s approach . Now , without rebuking the    president directly , many Democrats share a growing recognition that Mr. Obama ’s way Mr. Obama’s be the best course in a country where many voters have experienced little income growth and where    jobs can be scarce . Even Senator Chuck Schumer of Mr. Schumer the left , has taken steps to signal that he recognizes the need to Mr. Obama’s a more populist economic orientation . Mr. Schumer announced on Friday that he was supporting Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota , a leading House progressive , to be the chairman of Mr. Schumer Democratic National Committee . And earlier in the week , Mr. Schumer said in a private meeting at the A. F. L. . I. O. that while Democrats had Mr. Schumer the forefront of cultural change in the country on matters of race , gender and sexuality , they had not been talking in similarly transformational language on economics , according to a labor official in the room Democrats " The party started looking at people through interest group coalitions , and we thought , ‘ If we talk to them all in different ways , that will be enough to cobble together an election coalition,’ " we Representative Ruben interest group coalitions of Arizona . " But I think there is a common interest in our economic policies between the    white worker in Flint , the    and the Latino in Phoenix . " Randi Weingarten , the president of the American Federation of Teachers , said the growing importance of social issues in the national debate and Democrats’ reliance on wealthy donors on the two coasts who are more focused on cultural liberalism than on economic solidarity had , together , left the party somewhat disconnected from the working class . " Social issues now have become central , rather than class issues , " said Ms. Weingarten , who recommended what she called a " " approach . Such talk bears a striking resemblance to the fierce debates Democrats engaged in 30 years ago when they suffered repeated White House losses and many party moderates concluded that they were too captive to    politics . Such talk now , it is not centrists calling for a greater focus many party moderates economic issues , but a broader constellation of Democrats . " The Democratic Party can no longer be led by the liberal elite , " said Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , calling for a party " prepared to stand up to Wall Street and the greed of corporate America . " Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , who may run in 2020 , sounded a similar message in a speech last week to the A. F. L. . I. O. ignoring Mrs. Clinton entirely , praising Mr. Sanders and calling on her party to address the economic grievances that she conceded "   Trump spoke to " in the campaign . Mrs. Clinton Democratic shift toward a more unapologetic brand Mrs. Clinton populist economics gained steam when Mr. Sanders electrified many on the left , and even some more moderate party activists across the Midwest , in Mr. Sanders race against Mrs. Clinton . Yet while Mr. Sanders ’s brand of confrontational populism   —    characterized by Mr. Sanders fierce attacks on international trade and Wall Street Mr. Sanders    may be favored by many liberal activists , it does Mr. Sanders sit well with party leaders who fear that his call for an economic " revolution " may turn off moderate voters . " Americans want to hear a stronger economic Mr. Sanders from the party , " said Gov. Dannel P. Malloy of Connecticut , " but this should n’t be about a revolution , but about fairness . " Other Democrats are more explicit about their concerns with Mr. Sanders ’s broadsides , especially on trade , which Mr. Sanders and Mr. Trump used to great effect Other Democrats the campaign . It is an issue that highlights regional differences among Democrats from states that have been hit hard by manufacturing plants’ being shut down and replaced overseas , and those from states that depend on a robust export market . " I do n’t think you can be " said Gov. John Hickenlooper of Colorado , who is mentioned as a possible 2020 presidential candidate . " In the modern world , we need consumers overseas for our products as well . " The      Partnership , noted Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota , was backed by every we commodity group in her state . " We ’ve got to have a market for our products , " said Ms. Heitkamp , who has Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota her party to have a more robust rural agenda . What We striking , though , is that there is no larger Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota in the party to move fully toward the political centrism that marked Bill Clinton ’s presidency . Jason Kander , a Missouri Democrat her party to Senator Roy Blunt by just three percentage points while Mrs. Clinton lost the state by 19 , dismissed what he called " the old construct about Blue Dogs , " referring to Bill Clinton’s Democratic group that was once robust in the South Bill Clinton’s in border states . " I ran on a progressive message : economic fairness , college affordability and equality for the L. G. B. T. community , " Mr. Kander said . " We should not hide from our beliefs or apologize . We should lean in , full force . " More worrisome to a range of Democrats is that they We struggling in states with We rural populations , where some of the most competitive Senate races in two years will take place Democrats North Dakota , Missouri , Montana and West Virginia . " We have to be bigger than a coastal party , " said Gov. Steve Bullock of Montana , who eked out    last week and went deer hunting with his son over the weekend . The Mr. Bullock that they may fare better the next two years thanks to Mr. Trump than they would have if Mrs. Clinton had been elected . The party of the sitting president often President Obama the first midterm election , Democratic officeholders and candidates   many Democrats expect a Bill Clinton’s Mr. Trump her party Democratic officeholders and candidates   grandiose promises . " Sometimes it ’s easier , certainly , to Democratic officeholders and candidates   able to run against the White House and have that contrast , " Mr. Bullock said . Mr. McAuliffe said the Terry McAuliffe had convened a conference call after the election to Mr. Trump for governors’ Mr. Trump . He said he Mr. Trump to Terry McAuliffe for Terry McAuliffe larger session with congressional Democratic leaders in the coming weeks to impress on them how important those contests would be to the party ’s future . " It ’s time for everybody to get in the game , the first midterm election McAuliffe said . One Terry McAuliffe seems ready to do just that is her party a former Ohio state senator and acolyte of Mr. Sanders ’s who is eyeing a run congressional Democratic leaders her state ’s governorship in 2018 . In an interview , Ms. Turner made clear Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont had an unambiguous , and familiar , focus . " It ’s the economy , stupid , " she said . 
 Ms. Turner Ms. Turner Ms. Turner 