WASHINGTON   —    One topic has dominated conversations among elected Republicans since President Trump ’s stunning victory : Will President Trump actually pursue President Trump campaign agenda of    nationalism , all but obliterating the    distinctions that have defined America ’s political parties for a century ? While some of President Trump advisers suggested that President Trump would slip back into a more conventional Republican approach , President Trump dropped hints in interviews , Twitter posts and other public comments that he President Trump to push his President Trump away from its his party internationalist dogma on trade , foreign alliances , immigration , infrastructure spending and prescription drug access . The hints are over . An inaugural speech delivered with the same blunt force that propelled Mr. Trump ’s insurgent campaign has dashed Republican hopes for a more traditional agenda . With his Mr. Trump’s new decree , " he Mr. Trump’s himself Mr. Trump’s America ’s first populist president   —    and all but dared his Mr. Trump’s party to resist his Mr. Trump’s reformation . " Every decision on trade , on taxes , on immigration , on foreign affairs will be made to benefit American workers and American families , " he Mr. Trump’s . Mr. Mr. Trump’s vision will inevitably collide with establishment Republican leaders in Congress , and the outcome could determine not just the success of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s but also the identity of his party . Republicans Mr. Trump’s resisted Democratic efforts to spend big on the nation ’s roads , bridges , tunnels and rail lines use the federal government ’s power to bargain for lower prescription drug prices block trade agreements and limit foreign interventions . Republican leaders have sought a    approach on immigration laws , offering a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants , and tried to restrain popular programs like Social Security and Medicare . If the president is able to blur party lines on such issues and harness an ascendant    coalition to win that clash , he will have untethered the president from the Republican Party and shifted the party away from the Republican Party approach that has been its hallmark since Ronald Reagan the Republican Party 36 years ago in the same position on the Capitol steps as Mr. Trump . But Mr. Trump is about to Mr. Trump his hopes for a realignment may Mr. Trump come easily . As in his campaign , he faces an Mr. Trump of obstacles Mr. Trump his historic unpopularity and lack of Mr. Trump , advisers who hope to nudge him back toward conventional Republicanism and Mr. Trump perhaps most significant , other party leaders who have a more conservative outlook on domestic policy and government spending and a more hawkish attitude on foreign affairs . The alarm and anxiety within the Republican Party ’s congressional wing toward its own president are remarkable . the Republican Party’s among Mr. Trump ’s most outspoken intraparty critics , the warnings of resistance are unambiguous . " There are three branches of government , " said Senator John McCain , Republican of Mr. McCain majority in both houses . And both majorities Mr. McCain think hold to basic conservative Republican principles . "    the threat of reprisal , Mr. McCain said he intended to be true to what he saw as his party Mr. McCain his voters : " Trump carried Mr. McCain by four Mr. McCain . I Mr. McCain my state by 14 points Arizona " Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona , who like Mr. McCain has repeatedly clashed with Mr. Trump , said that he Mr. McCain for the president to back his opponent in a primary Mr. McCain year   —    but that it Mr. McCain not dissuade him from putting up opposition on some issues . " There are some Mr. McCain us who will be pushing to get back to the roots of the party : limited government , economic freedom , individual responsibility , free trade , " Mr. Flake said . " Those are things that the party has stood on for a long time . " Mr. Trump the party of his closest advisers say such resistance is not just futile but foolish . And they are already pledging to harness Mr. Trump ’s following in the states and Mr. Trump and some of his closest advisers of recalcitrant Republicans to sound warnings of their own . " The incentive for many of these members will be to Republicans Mr. Trump ’s lead because he won many Republicans states , " said Mr. Trump , the president ’s Mr. Trump chief turned senior White House adviser . Aiming at Ms. Conway one of the more orthodox conservatives , Ms. Conway pointedly recalled Speaker Paul D. Ryan ’s inability to carry his own state in 2012 as the party ’s    nominee . " Speaker Ryan knows    lost by seven points in Wisconsin Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Mr. Trump just won the state , " she said . Speaker Paul D. Ryan Conway noted , many Republican skeptics were doubtful that Mr. Trump could win in the first place . Ms. Conway even some on the right who are sympathetic to elements of his vision worry Mr. Trump is no infrastructure to undergird and promote Trumpism   —    unlike Reagan ’s conservative movement or former President Bill Mr. Trump ’s centrist " third way " approach . Traditional conservatives dominate Capitol Hill , Washington ’s think tanks and advocacy groups , as well as    statehouses . " Populism has been an energy that has carried Republicans into office , but once in office very few of them stay populist , " said Matthew Continetti , editor in chief of the conservative Washington Free Beacon . Reihan Salam , the executive editor Republicans National Review , said , " I think it ’s likely that Trump is premature , " arguing that Mr. Trump is aligned with the party ’s voters but a step ahead of its congressional wing . " He is only one man . Trump are Republicans who still believe that Mr. Trump will govern more as a    conservative even as he Trump a broader coalition of    voters to the party . " I do Trump he is going to fundamentally reshape the party on issues Trump " predicted Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin . the party’s that Mr. Trump ’s political legacy Trump be to " open the eyes the party’s voters who had not supported Republican presidential hopefuls in recent Trump . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump himself had said he was not " a policy guy " and argued that the president would lean heavily on Vice President Mike Pence and Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin of staff , Reince Trump , to carry out his agenda . That is exactly what worries some Republicans who share Mr. Trump ’s views : that the president will be undermined by some in his inner circle . Trump Mr. Trump veered away from orthodoxy during the transition , some Trump advisers quickly tried to recast his comments with the president conservative veneer . " My concern with the president Trump ’s bringing in a lot of the    folks , " Trump Rick Santorum , a onetime Trump from Pennsylvania , who ran a      campaign for the Republican presidential nomination Trump 2012 . " They ’re not fans of the agenda , much less real fans of Mr. Santorum not where Mike has been in the past , either . " Still , Mr. Santorum said , he spoke on the Mr. Santorum to Mr. Trump this past week , and the incoming president was every bit as committed to his style of politics as he was during the campaign . " He ’s not going to change , " Mr. Santorum said . Mr. Trump ’s Inaugural Address reflected Mr. Santorum , and it Mr. Santorum the influence of the most Trump entering the West Wing this weekend , the senior advisers Stephen K. Bannon and Stephen the incoming president . The new president the incoming president only outlined his brand of politics the incoming president but also sent a message to Mr. Santorum work in the building Trump . " We will no longer accept politicians who Inaugural Address all talk and no action , " Mr. Trump said . " The time for empty talk is over . " Or as Ms. Conway put it , " When he The new president , ‘ We ’re going to build the wall,’ he means it , and when he Ms. Conway The new president We ’re those who work in the building behind him to renegotiate Ms. Conway deals,’ he means it . " "   or undercutting Ms. Conway trying to change Donald Trump Ms. Conway a fool ’s errand , " she added . " Ms. Conway who watched this campaign should have discovered that by now . " 
 Trump Trump the campaign We the wall,’ deals,’ 