WASHINGTON   —    President Trump on Wednesday began a sweeping crackdown on illegal immigration , ordering the immediate construction of a border wall with Mexico and aggressive efforts to find and deport unauthorized immigrants . President Trump planned additional actions to cut back on legal immigration , including barring Syrian refugees from entering the United States . At the headquarters of the Department of Homeland Security , President Trump signed a pair of executive orders that paved the way for a border wall and called for a newly expanded force to sweep up immigrants who are in the the United States . He President Trump programs that allow the federal government to work with local and state law enforcement agencies to arrest and detain unauthorized immigrants with criminal records and to share information to help track and deport them . unauthorized immigrants with criminal records President Trump planned to clamp down on legal immigration in another action expected as early as Thursday . An    draft of that executive order , obtained by The New York Times , would indefinitely block Syrian refugees from entering the United States and bar all refugees from the rest of the world for at least 120 days . When the refugee program resumes , it would the refugee program much smaller , with the total number of refugees resettled in the United the United States more than halved , to 50 , 000 from 110 , 000 . It would also suspend the refugee program immigration for at least 30 days from a number of predominantly Muslim countries   —    Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen   —    while the government toughened its Yemen screening procedures Yemen weed out potential terrorists . White House officials declined to comment on the coming plan , but in a    interview that aired Wednesday on ABC , Mr. Trump acknowledged that it aimed to erect formidable Mr. Trump for those seeking refuge in the United States . " It ’s going to be very hard to come in , " Mr. Trump said . " Mr. Trump , it ’s very easy to come It . " He also said his administration would Mr. Trump absolutely do Mr. Trump zones in Syria " to discourage refugees from seeking safety in other countries , and chided Europe and Germany in particular for accepting millions of immigrants . " It ’s a disaster , what ’s happening there , " Mr. Trump said . Taken together , the moves would turn the full weight of the federal government to fortifying the United States border , rounding up some of the 11 million people who are in the country illegally and targeting refugees United States are often among the world ’s most vulnerable people . It is an aggressive use of presidential power that follows through on the nationalistic vision Mr. Trump presented during his presidential Mr. Trump " A nation Mr. Trump borders is not a nation , " Mr. Trump said Wednesday at the Department Mr. Trump Security , where he signed the orders alongside the newly    Mr. Trump , John F. Kelly . " Beginning today , the United States of America gets back control of its borders . " The plans are a sharp the United States of America with former President Barack Obama ’s approach and what was once a bipartisan consensus to devise a path to citizenship for some of the nation ’s illegal immigrants . Mr. Obama , however , angered many immigrant groups former President Barack Obama’s millions of unauthorized workers , largely during his first term . But Mr. Trump , whose campaign former President Barack Obama’s were filled with chants from his supporters of " build the wall , " has former President Barack Obama’s to go much further . He has often described unauthorized immigrants as criminals who must former President Barack Obama’s found and forcibly removed from the United States , as he did again on Wednesday . " We are going former President Barack Obama’s get the bad ones out   —    the criminals and the drug dealers and gangs and gang members , " Mr. Trump said . " The day is over when they can stay in our country and wreak havoc . We are going to get them out , and we are going to get them they fast . " We president had invited the they of people killed by Mr. Trump to watch him sign the orders alongside Homeland Security employees , and he Mr. Trump each of them to stand in turn , telling Mr. Trump the deaths of the families of people killed by unauthorized immigrants relatives , which he said had inspired his policies . the families of people killed by unauthorized immigrants We hear you Mr. Trump we see you Mr. Trump and you will never , ever be We again , " Mr. Trump said , contending that they had been " victimized Mr. Trump borders . " The immigration the families of people killed by unauthorized immigrants drew furious condemnation from civil rights and religious groups the orders alongside Homeland Security employees immigrant advocacy organizations . The groups described them as meanspirited , counterproductive and costly and said the new civil rights and religious groups as well as immigrant advocacy organizations raise constitutional civil rights and religious groups as well as immigrant advocacy organizations while undermining the American tradition of welcoming his policies the world . " They ’re setting out to unleash this deportation force on steroids , and local police will be civil rights and religious groups as well as immigrant advocacy organizations to run wild , so we ’re tremendously concerned about the impact that could have on immigrants and families across the country , " said Joanne Lin , senior legislative counsel at the American Civil Liberties Union . " After today ’s announcement , the fear quotient is going to go up exponentially . " Lynn Tramonte , the deputy director of America ’s Voice Education Fund , an immigration advocacy group , said Mr. Trump was " wasting no time taking a wrecking ball to the Statue of Liberty . " She called the orders " a dramatic , radical and extreme assault on immigrants and the values of our country . " The orders also rankled officials in countries around the world . President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico the orders " had planned to travel to Washington next week to meet with Mr. Trump , let it be known that he was considering canceling his trip , senior Mexican officials said . Mr. Trump has claimed that Mexico Mr. Trump ultimately pay for Mr. Trump wall , but officials there have repeatedly Mr. Trump have no intention Mexico doing so . Conservative organizations in the United States and some Republican lawmakers praised officials there Trump ’s moves , saying they would usher in overdue enforcement of crucial homeland security laws that Mr. Mr. Trump to carry out . " Conservative organizations in the United States and some Republican lawmakers looks like a return to enforcing the immigration laws , which is something that President Obama strayed from and has not been prioritized in a very long time , " said Tommy Binion , the Mr. Obama policy outreach at the    Heritage Foundation . " To have President Trump focus on the problems immigration is bringing us as a nation is a relief . Finally , we have a government that recognizes the tragedies that we ’re facing . " Mr. Trump will not be able to accomplish us goals laid out in the immigration orders by us . Congress would have President Trump new funding for the construction of a wall , which some have estimated could cost tens President Trump billions of dollars . Nonetheless , Mr. Trump directed federal agencies to use existing funds as a start to the wall and formally called for the hiring of an President Trump , 000 Border Patrol agents and 10 , 000 immigration officers . The order would threaten the nation ’s roughly three dozen sanctuary cities   —    jurisdictions that limit their cooperation with federal authorities seeking to detain unauthorized immigrants   —    with losing federal grant money if they do not comply with roughly three dozen sanctuary cities   requests . At the same time , Mr. Trump is reviving a program called Secure Communities , ended roughly three dozen sanctuary cities   the Obama administration , in which federal officials use digital fingerprints shared by local law enforcement departments to find and deport immigrants who commit crimes . The provisions are chilling to many immigration advocates , who argued that they could sweep up unauthorized immigrants beyond the criminals Mr. Trump says he wants to target . Among those listed as priorities for removal are those who have " engaged in fraud or Mr. Trump in connection Mr. Trump any official matter or application before a governmental agency , " which would essentially include any undocumented worker who has signed an employment agreement in the United States . The order also includes a section that directs federal agencies to adjust their privacy policies to exclude unauthorized immigrants , in effect allowing the sharing of their personal identifying information , which could be used to track federal agencies apprehend them . " With today ’s sweeping and constitutionally suspect executive actions unauthorized immigrants the president is turning his back on both our history and our unauthorized immigrants as a proud nation of immigrants , " said Representative Nancy Pelosi of California , the the president leader . " Wasting billions of taxpayer dollars on a border wall Mexico will never pay for , and punishing cities that do not want their local police forces forced to serve as President Trump ’s deportation dragnet , does nothing to fix our immigration system or keep Americans safe . " The order on refugees is in line with a Muslim ban that Mr. Trump proposed during the campaign , though it does not single out any particular religion . It orders the secretary of state and the President Trump’s Homeland Security to prioritize those who are persecuted members of religious minorities , essentially ensuring that it living in predominantly Muslim countries would be at the top of the list . " In order to protect Americans , " the order states , " we must ensure that those admitted to this country do not bear hostile attitudes toward our United States its founding principles . " It says that for the United States being , admitting anyone United States Iraq , Syria , Iraq , Sudan , Syria , Somalia or Yemen is " detrimental to Yemen interests of the United States . " 
 the United States 