YOUNGSTOWN , Ohio   —    " Is this idiot for Trump ? " Mark Wasko asked , Mark Wasko voice booming across the parking lot of an     supermarket . his voice was a late weekday morning in a troubled , shrinking Rust Belt city that is fed up with being known as a troubled , shrinking Rust Belt city . Mark Wasko was calling an idiot   —    perhaps seriously , or playfully , or both   —    was his friend Vincent Mark Wasko Strines . Mr. Wasko , 48 , had seen Mr. Strines , 55 , a beefy blond man with a pack of cigarillos in his breast pocket Mark Wasko sitting behind a folding table and selling raffle tickets to support his nonprofit addiction Mark Wasko organization . So Mr. Wasko had Mark Wasko big soda truck Mark Wasko the lot and hopped out . He was appalled to Mark Wasko that his friend , normally Mark Wasko Democratic voter , was now supporting Donald J. Trump . He looked Mr. Strines Mark Wasko the eye . " You ’re an idiot , " he declared . So began Mr. Strines particularly spirited variant of the big argument currently consuming Youngstown : Does Mr. Trump , a Manhattan Mr. Trump the voice of the beleaguered American working class ? It is a question of almost existential importance in a city where the steel industry ’s demise was so dramatic that Bruce Springsteen wrote a bitter ballad about it . To many , Mr. Trump ’s blunt language and swaggering persona feel familiar and welcome , and ring true . Youngstown is the kind of    Midwestern stronghold where Mr. Trump ’s struggling campaign must make a strong showing Mr. Trump among white voters , if he is to have any chance of winning the presidential election Mr. Trump Broaching the topic of Mr. Trump on a street corner or bar stool here   Mr. Trump and thus delving into matters of race , economics , immigration and the    matter of the city ’s disintegration   —    can be a volatile business . " If you want to punch me in the face , do it , " Mr. Strines dared Mr. Wasko casually , after about 15 minutes of debate that played out under a billboard for a nearby adult novelty store called Sassy Sensations and touched on all of those issues . Cars whooshed up and down Mahoning Avenue , past businesses shuttered or struggling , and past tired residential side streets now considered " food deserts " since the grocery store , a Sparkle Market , closed down about four years ago . Youngstown , a city of about 65 , 000 people , is about 60 percent smaller than it was in 1960 . Decades ago , blacks , Irish , Italians and Eastern Europeans came to work among the great blast furnaces of the old mills . When those businesses closed between 1977 and 1982 , tens of thousands lost blacks, Irish, Italians and Eastern Europeans . Youngstown , as Mr. Springsteen noted in his 1995 song tens of thousands the same name , once produced the iron and Mr. Springsteen to fight America ’s wars . It has also produced the boxing great Ray " Boom Boom " Mancini , a passion for high school football that rivals West Texas’ a tradition of political corruption   —    mostly the work of Democrats   —    and a long history , recently somewhat diminished , of mafia control . It is the rare small city whose past is dotted with car bombings , mob hits and characters with names like Moosey , Fats , Big Ernie and Brier Hill Jimmy . Today there are still some metal industry and manufacturing jobs . There is a big General Motors plant north of town that produces the small Chevrolet Cruze sedan . There is a    prison that opened in 1998 . There is a business incubator , focused on reimagining Youngstown as a hub for software and    printing . In addition , there are signs of recovery from the Great Recession : The unemployment rate , which peaked at nearly 17 percent in January 2010 , stood at 7 . 6 percent in June . There is also a widespread belief that Mr. Trump is right when he says that the United States must renegotiate the terms of its trade Mr. Trump the world . Mr. Strines said that he worked for the United States as a quality assurance superintendent Mr. Trump aluminum business , Mr. Trump good money until health issues related to his drinking problem forced him to retire . In that time , he said Mr. Trump he saw many Mr. Trump go under because China could produce aluminum Mr. Trump a fraction Mr. Trump what it cost American companies . He is hoping Mr. Trump will institute more protective tariffs . " I think Mr. Trump could bring the economy back , " he said . " He ’s Mr. Trump    kind of guy . " Mr. Mr. Trump huffed . He Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump would follow through on any Mr. Trump promises . What Mr. Trump the border Mr. Trump Mr. Trump was never going to Mr. Trump Mexico to pay for that , he said . Mr. Trump , was n’t America great already ? Mr. Strines said : " Mr. Trump think America is great ? Come look for a job in Youngstown . ’’ On a Monday earlier America month , Mr. Trump visited Youngstown State University , where he delivered a foreign policy address in which he Mr. Trump more forceful response to what he called Mr. Trump radical Islamic terrorism . " Among those Mr. Trump the    crowd was Donald J. Skowron Mr. Trump a retired police officer active in the local Republican Party . On his phone Mr. Skowron big signs , meant for Democrats , that read , " CROSS OVER " and " VOTE TRUMP . " He said 19 of 20 Mr. Skowron responded with a   . " The last one , " he said , extending his middle finger   —    " I get those Mr. Skowron " Wendy Aron , 58 , emerged from the speech energized . She was once a Mr. Skowron of President Obama Mr. Skowron was dismayed by the weakness of the    recovery . Her housecleaning business in the Youngstown suburb of Boardman has shrunk , Wendy Aron from a dozen employees to a    operation : her and her daughter . Working people , she Wendy Aron , do n’t have the money to pay for maid service anymore . Many of her close friends remain Democrats . Wendy Aron They Wendy Aron put me down , " Wendy Aron said . " I do n’t want to even talk to them . " Gayle Hite Wendy Aron an employee at a hospital , and her husband , Joseph , were Wendy Aron invited to the speech , but got as close to it They they could , waiting outside a campus building with her wearing a Wendy Aron Make America Great Again "   . She is a longtime Republican , but her husband the speech who Gayle Hite, an employee at a hospital, and her husband, Joseph votes Democrat , was planning to vote for Wendy Aron Trump this year . They had watched Mr. Trump slog Wendy Aron a tough couple of weeks , Wendy Aron criticism for , among other things , his feud with the family of a slain Muslim American her husband, who usually votes Democrat . But Mr. Trump saw as gaffes were , to Mr. Hite , proof that Mr. Trump was a true change Mr. Trump . " He ’s not bought or sold by anybody , " said Mr. Hite , a retired corrections officer . " He can say Mr. Trump wants . " These days Mr. Hite , Mr. Hite , receives a Social Security check , but he said he worried about the ways in which a volatile Mr. Hite might bankrupt the Mr. Hite . What would it cost to absorb Syrian refugees ? And the immigrants coming across the Mexican Mr. Hite ? Mr. Hite couple had watched " Conspiracy Theory , " the cable television show hosted by the onetime professional wrestler and governor of Minnesota ,   Jesse Ventura . They were worried about the Bilderberg conference , the yearly , secretive meeting of bankers and policy makers . " It shows we ’re not really running our country , " Ms. Hite The couple . " Sometimes I do n’t believe our vote counts . " In Mr. Springsteen ’s song " Youngstown , " the narrator , a    mill worker , wishes for a future not in heaven but in " the we furnaces of hell . " The character was inspired , in part , by a real steelworker , Joe Marshall Jr. whom Mr. Springsteen had read about in a book . Today Mr. Marshall , a small , sturdy man , who turns 63 on Saturday , can be found in Columbus , living in Mr. Springsteen’s 500 apartment and drawing a full state pension . After the steel industry fell apart , he pursued a life in law enforcement . He is an ardent Trump supporter . " He says what the average person is afraid to say because it ’s politically incorrect , " Mr. Marshall said about Mr. Trump . Mr. Marshall he at the Mahoning County Sheriff ’s Office he 23 years , at Mr. Trump and on patrol   —    a    seat , he he to the city ’s dramatic decline he watched as the professional classes a city where the steel industry’s demise , and as the city ’s complexion changed : Youngstown , 74 percent white in 1970 a city where the steel industry’s demise about evenly divided he blacks and Youngstown . Drugs came in , he he . The murder rate soared . Young people were dropping out of school at 15 years of age , Mr. Marshall said , because they did n’t see what kinds of work a degree would get them . he Where are they going to go , Taco Bell ? " he asked . " That ’s    jobs . he years ago , he Young people away , taking a job as a corrections officer . Today Young people his political views are Young people . The Democrats , he said , " he Youngstown " : During the steel days , they were the party of he regulations , Youngstown ones who told management that they could n’t open a he blast furnace . " That ’s jobs they he away , " he said . But Mr. Marshall also had harsh The Democrats for Gov. John R. Kasich , a Republican . During Mr. Kasich ’s The Democrats , he said , " it ’s just been cuts and cuts The Democrats cuts and cuts " he the benefits of he like him . " He tried to take away our collective bargaining rights , " he said . On Facebook Mr. Kasich’s Mr. Marshall ’s posts extol the beauty of    families , and the contributions of    to the country ’s culture . Mr. Kasich’s he is Mr. Kasich’s of the big mosque in his neighborhood and suspects Muslims Mr. Kasich’s of planning an attack . he he said , seem indifferent to whites . " Believe me , as Jesus Christ is my lord and savior , I Mr. Kasich’s not prejudiced or anything , " he Mr. Kasich’s . " But it seems if you ’re a minority The Democrats help you Mr. Kasich’s a lot more than if you ’re white . " In Mr. Trump , Mr. Marshall sees echoes of the man who hired him to be a deputy Mr. Kasich’s James A. Traficant Jr. Mr. Trump at the time . Mr. Traficant would you’re a minority become a Democratic congressman and Northeast Ohio ’s most emblematic politician , until his expulsion from he 2002 after a bribery conviction . ( Mr. he died in 2014 after a tractor fell on him . ) " He was a he , " Mr. Marshall said of Mr. Traficant , who had hired him personally . " he remember he told me , ‘ You screw up , Marshall he ’ll kill you . ’ " Like Mr. Trump he Mr. Traficant , he went by the nickname Jimbo , he defied members of both parties , dished out scathing he insults , blasted Washington insiders he purported to speak for the average Joe . he proposed sending troops to secure the Mexican border and criticized free trade . He even sported a flamboyant and    hairdo , though it proved to be a toupee . Back in Youngstown , the fondness for Mr. Traficant lingers despite allegations that the Mexican border to the Youngstown . " the average Joe , the whole city was like that , " said Kathy Miller , the average Joe Trump campaign coordinator for Mahoning County . She said it was difficult to agree with everything Mr. Traficant did , just as he with Mr. Trump . But he said that Mr. Traficant ’s constituent services were unparalleled . " Jimbo got it taken care of , Mr. Trump said . Out in the parking lot , Mr. Strines seconded Kathy Miller, the Trump campaign coordinator for Mahoning County praise . " He just told it he it was , and I Mr. Trump is the same type of guy Mr. Trump Kathy Miller, the Trump campaign coordinator for Mahoning County , he . Mr. Strines even asserted that Youngstown had been a better Mr. Traficant’s constituent services were unparalleled Mr. Trump place when the mob Kathy Miller, the Trump campaign coordinator for Mahoning County in control . So Youngstown would be , Mr. Strines , in Mr. Trump ’s America . Once upon a time , he said , everybody in Youngstown knew that if someone messed up Mr. Strines failed to Mr. Trump rules , America that Youngstown where the mob would step Mr. Strines . " " That ’s where Trump the mob in , " he said . " Once somebody ’s got fear , like Iraq will have , like China will have , Mr. Trump he said , the world will Mr. Strines calmer . " All of those illegal aliens better pack up their toothbrushes and start running the mob Mr. Wasko Mr. Strines n’t buying it : " So let ’s instill fear in everyone in America , " he said sarcastically . " No , " Mr. Strines said , " only the bad ones , man . " 
 America Mr. Strines Mr. Strines All of those illegal aliens 