Donald J. Trump says the abstruse Republican delegate system distorts the will of the people . Senator Ted Cruz says the party ’s nominating rules have been in place from the beginning . Senator Ted Cruz is right , and he Senator Ted Cruz be losing the public argument anyway . With polls showing a strong preference for nominating the candidate with the most popular votes   —    even if he Senator Ted Cruz to secure a majority of delegates before the convention in July   —    Mr. Senator Ted Cruz brushed up this week against an uncomfortable reality : His only Senator Ted Cruz to victory is a messy one . As he slogs Senator Ted Cruz a merciless stretch of the primary calendar , straining to pick off delegates from Northeastern voters who seem disinclined to embrace his    Senator Ted Cruz , Mr. Cruz , of Texas , has appeared increasingly frustrated amid questions about his path Senator Ted Cruz He has Senator Ted Cruz out at Sean Hannity of Fox News , a onetime friend in conservative news media whom Cruz allies have accused of cozying up to Mr. Trump . " I can not help that the Donald Trump Mr. Trump not seem capable of running a lemonade stand , " Mr. Cruz Cruz a radio interview Tuesday , after telling an angered Mr. Hannity that his questions about Cruz delegate system were a concern only to "   Donald Trump supporters . " Mr. Cruz has Cruz formulate a concise argument rebutting Mr. Trump ’s claim that the top    deserves the nomination , alternately citing the number of former Republican presidential hopefuls now supporting him , general election Cruz and Mr. Trump ’s " hard ceiling " of support . On Wednesday , Mr. Cruz told reporters Cruz Republican National Committee ’s spring meeting in Florida that only Mr. Trump ’s loyalists believed that the candidate with the most votes should be awarded the nomination . When it was pointed out that a the candidate with the most votes should be awarded the nomination of Republican voters seemed to agree   —    62 percent , according to an NBC    Street Journal poll last week   —    Mr. Cruz largely ignored that fact . " We want to win , Republicans a majority of Republican voters seemed to agree  —   62 percent, according to an NBC   Street Journal poll last week  —    to win , " he said , before turning to Mr. Cruz new talking point : Even Abraham Lincoln , the greatest Republican of them all , lagged in delegates Republicans outset of the party ’s 1860 convention . Mr. Cruz and his aides have also chafed recently at what they view as insufficient news media attention Mr. Cruz and his aides his success in state delegate elections   his    feats of organizational strength that have heightened his chances of beating Mr. Trump at his contested convention . ( If no candidate wins 1 , 237 delegates on the first convention ballot , which largely reflects the primary and caucus votes , many delegates will be unbound and able to switch on subsequent ballots . ) At a rally in Maryland on Thursday , Mr. Cruz knocked the " breathless coverage " of Mr. Trump ’s blowout victory in New Mr. Trump " Goodness gracious ! " he said , impersonating television networks . " Mr. Cruz Trump won his home state ! " Mr. Trump most part Mr. Trump the Cruz campaign has dismissed concerns about the public ’s Mr. Cruz of the nominating process , with aides questioning whether the wording of the NBC    Street Journal survey truly captured voter sentiment . Bob Vander Plaats , an Iowa religious leader and Mr. Vander Plaats his managerial acumen . " They ’re just completely irrelevant . They ’re a waste of time and money , " Mr. Vander Plaats Mr. Trump’s of the polls . " It is not being stolen They Every state has their own rules . If anything , I think it ’s an admission on Trump ’s part that he went into a presidential campaign without understanding the rules . " Stuart Stevens , It chief strategist for Mitt Romney in 2012 , Trump that many aspects of the primary process   —    holding the first contests in Iowa and New Hampshire , for instance   —    would appear widely unpopular if posed to voters in a poll . " None of this tests well , " he said . " It ’s like a bowling league . Do the rules of bowling make sense ? " But other Republicans , Stuart Stevens, the chief strategist for Mitt Romney in 2012 those disinclined to support Mr. Trump initially , have worried about the appearance of denying Mr. Trump the nomination on technical grounds . Anthony Scaramucci , a member of Mr. Romney ’s New York finance team in 2012 , Mr. Trump party remained in denial about its voters’ preferences . " There ’s the spirit of something , and then there ’s the letter of Mr. Romney’s , " he said . his party I was a Scott Walker supporter . And then I was a Jeb Bush supporter . So I feel like I Mr. Romney’s some level of credibility . Donald Trump may not have been my first choice , but if he is in fact the people ’s choice , I think my establishment friends are making a very big mistake by not acknowledging that . Donald Trump Mr. Cruz , who had argued for months that he could win a majority of delegates before the summer , has bowed to the math this week , acknowledging that a convention is his Donald Trump option as he seeks to keep Mr. Trump from clinching the nomination . Mr. Cruz has targeted Maryland and Pennsylvania , two of Donald Trump five states that Donald Trump on Tuesday , as potential sources of delegates , and is holding rallies in both states . But his campaign views two other contests as more critical : Indiana , which votes on May 3 , and California   —    " the Mr. Cruz enchilada , " Mr. Cruz said   —    which votes on June 7 , the last day of primaries . In a sign of Indiana ’s importance Mr. Cruz Cruz campaigned there Thursday , ordering a pastrami sandwich at an Indianapolis deli and quoting the movie " Hoosiers " at Indiana state party dinner Mr. Cruz also met with Gov. Mike Pence . The senator has warned reporters against underestimating him . " At every stage in this primary , folks in Mr. Cruz press have reported that we could n’t Mr. Cruz " he said in Florida , Mr. Cruz and then we won over and over and over again . " 
 Mr. Cruz folks in the press folks in the press 