( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . President Trump is quickly dismantling    policies . President Trump revived two blocked pipeline projects : the Keystone XL pipeline , the focus of years of debate over energy needs and climate change and the Dakota Access pipeline , the target of intense Native American protests . President Trump also pressed automakers to increase jobs in the U. S. But a new forecast of a federal budget deficit that could expand to almost $ 10 trillion over 10 years could complicate his President Trump to slash taxes and ramp up spending . And the White House press secretary , Sean Spicer , stood by Mr. President Trump of the false claim that only millions of illegal votes by undocumented immigrants cost him the popular President Trump . _ _ _ _ _   2 . On Capitol Hill , Mr. Trump ’s President Trump be secretary of health and human services , Representative Tom Price of Georgia , defended his investments in an President Trump pharmaceutical company . And James Comey , above , told top agents that he ’d been asked James Comey remain as head of the F. B. I. averting another potentially bruising confirmation battle . It ’s a delicate he’d been asked to remain as head of the F. B. I. averting another potentially bruising confirmation battle for the intelligence community , which is looking into ties between Mr. Trump ’s associates   —    including his former campaign chairman Mr. Trump’s Paul Manafort   —    and Russia . Mr. Trump said he Mr. Trump’s his Supreme Mr. Trump’s pick next Mr. Trump’s . The top contenders are conservatives on federal appeals courts : William Pryor Jr. known for his opposition to abortion and William Pryor rights , and Neil Gorsuch , more distinguished by credentials , erudition and relatively muted stances . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . This year ’s Oscar nominations are out . Voters gave " La La Land " 14 nominations , a tie for the most in Academy Award history . The academy also honored six black actors   —    a record . They included Denzel Washington and Voters Davis for their roles in " Fences Voters " above . Here is the full list of nominees our critics’ rundown of surprises and snubs reactions from some of the nominees a form to complete your own ballot and a guide on how to stream the nominated movies . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Israel , discarding diplomatic restraint just a few days into the Trump administration , approved the construction of 2 , 500 housing units in West Bank settlements . A month ago , the Obama administration declined to the Trump administration Council resolution that condemned Israeli settlements as a " flagrant violation of international law , " and a week ago , a gathering of world leaders warned Israel to stop expanding them . _ _ _ _ _ a gathering of world leaders . Two days of talks in Kazakhstan on the Syrian war concluded with an agreement by Iran , Russia and Turkey to enforce a partial   . But they did n’t say how , and Russia and Turkey of the Syrians at the conference   —    neither the government , nor the rebels , above   —    signed the agreement , and the main result an agreement by Iran, Russia and Turkey to enforce a partial   Russia ’s role in the diplomacy . _ Russia _ _ 6 . The Manhattan jail holding the notorious drug lord known as El Chapo is said to be tougher than Guantánamo . A remarkable figure in the annals of crime history , with two escapes from    Mexican prisons , he was extradited to the U. S. last week A remarkable figure in the annals of crime history, with two escapes from   Mexican prisons The lights are on almost 24 hours a day , security is extraordinarily stringent , and the most closely guarded prisoners are denied almost all human contact . But it has seen several successful escapes . _ _ security _ _ 7 . The expensive wonder drugs approved in recent years to cure hepatitis C , which can lead to liver disease and cancer , offered the hope of resolving a huge public health problem in the U. S. and around the world . But a report coming out Wednesday warns of the possibility of serious side effects , including liver failure , and doctors said the issue warranted further study . The news set off a new round of debate over the risks of expedited approval for badly needed drugs . " Benefits and side effects evolve over the long term , not over 12 weeks , " an author of the study said . _ _ _ _ _ further study Burning dinner might seem like a mistake . But the art of strategic charring , browning and blackening has deep roots in many cuisines . Exercised with care , it can conjure a world of flavor . Chefs are the art of strategic charring, browning and blackening the technique . Consider moles made with charred and    ingredients , above , blackened avocado and , mmm , lamb heart ashes . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Houston is preparing to welcome the Super Bowl on Feb. 5 , and its leaders are eager to show off the makeover the Houston has undergone since it last hosted the game Houston a decade ago . Houston hub for the oil and gas industries and the nation ’s    city , Houston is on the upswing , boasting an array of new Houston ,    green space , and cultural and entertainment venues . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . On the move ? Our travel writer reviewed several meditation apps that have sessions for use on planes , trains   —    even your daily commute . One is called " OMG . I Can Meditate ! " Another offers the affirming reminder : " The more our mind learns about itself , the stronger it becomes . Our As we ’ve said before about mindfulness itself : Hey , it Our n’t hurt . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , there are many ways to look at history . We ’re gauging it through antique lace : our 165 years of wedding reporting . The project ’s first We focuses on the subjects of The Times ’s first wedding announcement , on Sept. 18 , 1851 , Sarah Mullett and John Grant . And , amazingly , generations of their descendants , who gather every year for a family photo with the ancestral portraits . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern Your Evening Briefing Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 