WASHINGTON   —    Donald Trump is n’t done taunting corporate America . After last week ’s Rust Belt victory lap , where Donald Trump claimed credit for persuading Carrier to keep perhaps 1 , 000 factory jobs in Indiana ,   Donald Trump took to Twitter Sunday morning and warned of retribution for other companies contemplating moving production abroad . But even as Mr.   Donald Trump to put the bully in bully pulpit , the question of whether his approach   Donald Trump smart economic policy , improvised showmanship or a bit of both is another story . Indeed , his tactics   Donald Trump drawn criticism from both the left and the right , with a range of experts saying his approach   Donald Trump be ineffective at best , and    and    at worst . " Blackmail is implicit in this approach his approach it ’s dangerous Blackmail " said Tyler Cowen , a conservative free    economist who teaches at George Mason University . " It ’s a lot of political theater , but that ’s not even my biggest criticism . Trump is negotiating with individual businesses outside of the rule of law and bureaucratic procedure . " On Friday , Mr. Trump took Trump Rexnord , another manufacturer with a plant in Indianapolis , which disclosed plans in October to move to Mexico . " No more ! " he said on Twitter Trump helping to push Rexnord ’s stock down 8 percent for the week . According to Mr. Trump , the Trump be a 35 percent tariff imposed on goods that companies ship back into the United States after they move production abroad . companies is doubtful that Mr. Trump would have the Trump to punish individual companies without congressional action . But he is also promising a broader Trump of corporate taxes and the elimination of a host of regulations that he sees as stifling American companies Trump in addition to individual incentive packages like the $ 7 million one that Carrier received . Mike Konczal , an economist at the    Roosevelt Institute , said he also thought Mr. Trump ’s Mike Konczal, an economist at the   Roosevelt Institute was doomed to failure , especially if he kept his campaign pledge to Mr. Trump’s taxes Mr. Trump’s corporations and investors . " Cutting taxes for shareholders will destroy more factories than whatever he saves by jawboning companies from Mr. Trump’s bully pulpit , " Mr. Konczal said . And incentives like the ones Carrier received only forestall the inevitable shift by multinational giants to    locales like Mexico and Asia . " They will just go later after pocketing some money , " Mr. Konczal said . Making deals Mr. Konczal business may prove much harder than Mr. Trump is willing to acknowledge . After all , he held off on using a stick Mr. Trump Carrier , and handed over $ 7 million worth of carrots , but the company gave Mr. Trump only half Carrier he Mr. Trump with 1 , 000 Indiana Mr. Trump still leaving for Mexico . Moreover , Mr. Trump is pushing back against tectonic economic Mr. Trump show no sign of easing . Besides the continuing loss of factory jobs to automation , Carrier is far from unique in shifting    jobs to Carrier like Mexico , even as it keeps    functions like sales Mexico research and development in Indiana . " There is n’t a silver bullet , " said Steven Rattner , a veteran financier and Democrat who led Mr. Rattner . " And what ’s ironic is that there is n’t a single thing in Donald Trump ’s campaign platform that would help people hurt by these trends . " Mr. Rattner is also a contributing opinion writer for The New York Times . Still , whether it ’s a smart strategy or not , it is clear Mr. Trump is planning more    standoffs after he moves into the Oval Office on Jan. 20 . it This is Donald Trump’s he said in an interview with The Donald Trump’s after touring the Carrier factory floor in Indianapolis on Thursday and greeting cheering workers Donald Trump’s " That ’s one of The New York Times I ’m here as opposed to doing it from my lobby in Manhattan . " Rather than tax breaks or tariffs on a     basis , perhaps the best argument for Mr. Trump ’s tactics is that they may prompt a rethinking of corporate responsibility among executives , said Justin Wolfers , an economist and New York Times contributor who Mr. Trump’s tactics at the University of Michigan . " The question is , Mr. Wolfers , and saying private enrichment at the expense of the broader public good is no longer socially acceptable , that ’s important . " To be sure , actually imposing tariffs is much , much more difficult than sending Twitter posts   —    or negotiating deals with individual companies like Carrier and its corporate parent , United Technologies , a major defense contractor . Although the president has    powers to impose trade sanctions on countries found to be manipulating their currencies or exporting goods for less than it costs to that them , Mr. Trump is venturing into uncharted territory with tariffs aimed Mr. Trump American companies . " I ’m not aware that this has been tried before or what authority the Trump administration would be relying on , " their Miriam Sapiro , who served as deputy United States trade representative from 2009 to 2014 . " Then there is the question of what kind of retaliation these tariffs could cause , harming both American workers and consumers as well as companies , " said Ms. Sapiro , now a partner at Finsbury , a strategic communications firm in Washington . The     nature of Mr. Trump tariffs aimed at individual American companies may partly explain why economists have been left aghast by Mr. Trump ’s tactics to keep jobs Miriam Sapiro, who served as deputy United States trade representative from 2009 to 2014 I ’m flabbergasted by the opposition on the left , " said Alan Tonelson , an economist formerly with the United States Business and Industry Council , which represents    and privately held Mr. Trump " They ’ve been just fine imposing tariffs to help Detroit , the steel industry and organized labor . " As for conservative and libertarian criticism , Mr. Tonelson speculated that might have Mr. Tonelson soundness of Mr. Trump ’s tactics may be in question , but they clearly offer political rewards , especially in the Rust Belt , Mr. Tonelson the costs of free trade are more readily apparent than the benefits . " The dry statistics on trade are n’t working to counter Trump , " Timothy A. Duy , an economics professor at the University of Oregon , said in a blog post on Sunday . " The aggregate gains are irrelevant to someone suffering a personal loss . Critics need to find an Mr. Trump’s tactics response to Trump . I do n’t think we have it yet . " While the costs of free trade tend to be concentrated , benefits like lower prices for imported goods are spread very broadly Mr. Trump’s making them less obvious . In an interview on Fox News on Sunday , Newt Gingrich , former speaker of the House and a Republican Trump ally , questioned whether that    made sense . In some cases , he said , Americans should Mr. Trump’s " prepared to pay a little bit more for imported products " to keep jobs at home . If trade advocates ca n’t make a better case , or at least come up with better benefits like lower prices for imported goods to help the inevitable economic losers of globalization cope , Sunday free trade itself may be imperiled , whatever the overall benefits . " People who advocated for free trade policies , myself included , should have Newt Gingrich, former speaker of the House and a Republican Trump ally more forcefully for things to help these people , through ideas like retraining or tax credits to simply maintain their incomes , " Mr. Rattner said . " If we do n’t do something to help these people , we will end up without free trade , as may well happen with Mr. Trump coming into office . " 
 Newt Gingrich, former speaker of the House and a Republican Trump ally Newt Gingrich, former speaker of the House and a Republican Trump ally these people these people we 