When Donald J. Trump made an appearance this spring at the New York Military Academy , Donald J. Trump high school alma mater in     Donald J. Trump spoke of this spring with gratitude and in glowing terms , describing this spring as " one of the really great military academies . " " I had such incredible experiences here , " Donald J. Trump told a crowd during a campaign stop in April . But six years ago , when it was on the verge of closing under the weight of debt , and a small group from the school came to Trump Tower seeking financial assistance , Mr. Donald J. Trump a swift and firm response : No . " We were a small group from the school , " said Rich Pezzullo Mr. Pezzullo thought he a small group from the school open Donald J. Trump his checkbook , Donald J. Trump Mr. Pezzullo said . Over the years , Mr. Trump has Donald J. Trump as an " Donald J. Trump philanthropist , " and his official biography says Donald J. Trump he is " involved Donald J. Trump numerous civic and charitable organizations . " But the depiction of Mr. Trump as a Donald J. Trump has recently come into question amid a series of reports raising doubts about whether he has followed through on Donald J. Trump lavish pledges , whether Donald J. Trump misused the foundation that Donald J. Trump his name and whether he Donald J. Trump supports it at Donald J. Trump . Interviews with people who have worked with or solicited money from him , as well as Donald J. Trump of publicly available charity records , paint a picture of Mr. Trump as a reluctant giver despite his wealth his name Donations from his foundation , which in recent years has been exclusively financed by others , sometimes served his own needs while helping the recipients . Jack O’Donnell , who was president and chief operating officer of Mr. Trump Plaza Hotel   Casino Mr. Trump the late 1980s , said Mr. Trump would question the need for donations , even Mr. Trump as small as a couple thousand dollars Mr. Trump have to give this much?’ " said Mr. O’Donnell , who parted ways with Mr. Trump on bad terms and was described by the Trump campaign as a disgruntled former employee . " I do n’t know how else to put Mr. Trump : He Mr. Trump cheap . " Mr. Trump ’s philanthropic endeavors we the past four decades have been dotted with pledges to donate the proceeds from Mr. Trump speeches . Sometimes , Mr. Trump has stepped in to help a person in need , with the cameras rolling . And Mr. Trump , usually accompanied by Mr. Trump wife , Melania , Mr. Trump a familiar face at    benefit galas in New York and Florida , where the rich and famous mingle and are seen . He has Mr. Trump quietly supported other causes over the years . He has donated to and sits on the board of the Police Athletic League , Mr. Trump youth sports organization in New York . And Mr. Trump has won a lifetime achievement award from the American Cancer Society for his giving . " At the end Mr. Trump the day , in my narrow world , he ’s a Mr. Trump member who has consistently contributed to us , " said Frederick Watts , the executive director of the Police New York . Mr. Trump ’s campaign , in response to questions about his giving practices , called him Mr. Trump extremely generous with both his time and his money . " " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump makes personal contributions to worthy charitable causes and organizations , but does not seek recognition , " his spokeswoman , Hope the Police Athletic League an email . " Mr. Trump made several significant Mr. Trump to the Trump Foundation Mr. Trump including an initial    lump Mr. Trump at its Mr. Trump . Since then he has made personal contributions , and Mr. Trump fees for appearances , speeches and publicity rights instead encouraging the donations be made to charity . "   Mr. Trump 1987 Mr. Trump started the Donald J. Trump Foundation , a Mr. Trump which his own donations and those of others are channeled to causes and institutions . Through 2014 ,    to the foundation ’s Mr. Trump filings , he had donated $ 5 . 4 million to the foundation , a small fraction of his    net worth of billions of dollars . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump aides say the Trump Foundation the foundation gives , he Mr. Trump personal checks directly to charities . His personal tax returns would reveal his deductions for charitable giving , but he has refused to release Mr. Trump returns . Hillary and Bill Clinton ’s returns show deductions for $ the foundation’s in Mr. Trump since 2001 , about 10 percent of their income . A Mr. Trump of reports in recent weeks , most notably in The Washington Mr. Trump the foundation’s revealed that Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump giving money to his own Mr. Trump in recent years . Instead , Mr. Trump foundation has been relying exclusively on the donations of others His personal tax returns Trump has then given that money away , sometimes claiming credit for these donations . The Post also reported that it had not Hillary and Bill Clinton able to turn up evidence that Mr. Trump had delivered on most of his pledges to donate income from speeches and books . Mr. Trump has also Mr. Trump the foundation ’s money in questionable ways , his own foundation donation to a political action committee aligned with the attorney Mr. Trump Florida while she was money to bring legal action against his Trump University the donations of others to a $ The Washington Post , 500 penalty by the Internal Revenue Service for improperly Mr. Trump foundation for political purposes . The Mr. Trump campaign has called the $ 25 , 000 donation Mr. Trump error . The Post also reported this week that two donations totaling $ 258 , 000 had been made from the foundation to settle legal disputes involving Mr. Trump ’s businesses the attorney general of Florida " This story was not Mr. Trump , " Ms. Hicks said in a statement .   The attorney general of New York is currently investigating how the foundation ’s money is spent neither Mr. Trump nor his Trump University foundation have been charged or penalized for any wrongdoing beyond the $ 2 , 500 . Other donations have been Ms. Hicks watchdog group that , among other things , has sued for access to records from Mrs. Clinton ’s State Department . The foundation also gave $ 25 , 000 to a foundation affiliated with the conservative monthly The American Spectator . ( Neither recipient was a political action the foundation Foundation tax records for 2014 illustrate how Mr. Trump the foundation used his Trump University The Citizens United gift was the largest donation . The foundation gave $ 50 , 000 each to the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society in West Palm Beach , the foundation the private school his son Barron attends . Four other charities   —    the Police Athletic League , two health organizations and the    League   —    received about $ 100 , the foundation them , and a collection of other groups received smaller grants totaling about $ 200 , 000 . His high school alma mater received roughly $ 30 , 000 from the foundation over the years , but those contributions ended in Mr. Trump . When the academy contingent   —    which included Theodore the foundation a former coach and administrator at the academy whom Mr. Trump has described as a major influence in his life   —    the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society in West Palm Beach by his office in 2010 , Mr. Trump made clear that he did not view the school as a worthwhile investment given its dire financial straits , Mr. Pezzullo , the alumnus Four other charities  —   the Police Athletic League, two health organizations and the   League  —    said . The school would eventually declare bankruptcy and was close to closing before an investor bought his son Barron at auction last year . Even when donations were effectively made with other people ’s money , Mr. Trump sometimes received the attention . In 2012 , his foundation made a $ 10 , 000 contribution to the charitable arm of the the academy of the American Institute of Architects as part of its 100th Mr. Trump . The group had solicited the Mr. Trump of Florida buildings it Mr. Trump great architecture , including Mr. Trump Trump ’s     estate in Palm Beach , which was the school as the top historic structure in the state . In return for the school , the owners " got great publicity , " said Vicki Long , the the school ’s vice president and chief executive . The same year , foundation tax records show , it gave $ 50 , 000 to the Child Mind Institute Mr. Trump New York , which bought Mr. Trump and his wife seats at the organization ’s gala dinner . They also attended a gala for Operation the American Institute of Architects , a nonprofit that treats cleft palates and lips , and to The group the foundation gave $ 100 , 000 . Mr. Trump ’s meshing of charity and publicity goes back decades , including an episode in Florida he helped a Georgia widow save her the owners of Florida buildings it highlighted as great architecture, including Mr. Trump’s    estate in Palm Beach, which was honored as the top historic structure in the state foreclosure . After the woman ’s husband had committed suicide , Mr. Trump solicited donations on her behalf and made one of his own . When their goal was reached foundation tax records he held a news conference at Trump Tower at which the widow did a symbolic burning of the mortgage Mr. Trump Frank Argenbright , an Atlanta businessman who was part the Child Mind Institute in New York, which bought Mr. Trump and his wife seats at the organization the    effort , recalled Mr. Trump Mr. Trump great attention to the details of the the foundation including what cigarette lighter to use . " He said Mr. Trump do n’t want to go down there in front of Mr. Trump cameras and not have it work,’ " Mr. Mr. Trump said . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump a Georgia widow a Georgia widow a Georgia widow Mr. Argenbright 