A    commission had just excoriated Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks for fueling the financial crisis . Prosecutors were investigating whether Goldman had misled investors . Goldman Sachs was a whipping boy for politicians looking to lay blame for the crash . But in spring of 2011 , Lloyd C. Blankfein , leading one of the nation ’s most reviled companies , found himself onstage with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , one of the the nation’s most admired public figures at the time . And Mrs. Clinton had come to praise Goldman Sachs . The State Department , Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton day in an auditorium in its Foggy Bottom The State Department , would throw its weight behind The State Department Goldman philanthropic initiative Goldman Sachs at encouraging female entrepreneurs around the world   —    a program Goldman viewed as Goldman Sachs to rehabilitating its reputation . The State Department Clinton ’s blessing   —    an important public seal of approval for Goldman at a Goldman Sachs when it had few defenders in Washington   —    underscored a    relationship between one of the country ’s most powerful financial firms and one of its most famous the country families . Over    years , Goldman provided the Goldman Sachs with some of their most influential the Clintons , millions of dollars in campaign contributions and speaking fees , and financial support for the family foundation ’s charitable programs . And in the wake of the worst crash since the Great Depression , as the firm fended off investigations and criticism from Republicans and Democrats alike , the Clintons drew Goldman only closer . Bill Clinton publicly defended the company and leased office space from Goldman for his Goldman . Bill Clinton , after Bill Clinton State Department , earned $ 675 , 000 to deliver three speeches at Goldman events , where Goldman reassured executives that they Bill Clinton an important role executives play in the nation ’s recovery . The four years between the end of the financial crisis and the start of Mrs. Clinton ’s second White Bill Clinton revealed a family that viewed Wall Street ’s elite as friends and collaborators even as the public viewed them with suspicion and scorn . a family that viewed Wall Street’s elite as friends and collaborators relationships would become a focal point for attacks on Mrs. Clinton ’s integrity and independence Bill Clinton Sanders of Vermont . And even now , under a barrage of populist taunts from Donald J. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , Mrs. Clinton faces lingering doubts about the sincerity Bill Clinton proposals to rein in Wall Street behavior . Bill Clinton June , 60 percent of registered voters expressed concern that her links to Wall Street could prevent her from Bill Clinton the financial industry accountable , an Bill Clinton    Street Journal poll found . " Wall Street now conjures up images of corruption , Wall Street you are a person from Wall Street , you have to overcome that , " Wall Street C. Smith , a former Goldman Sachs partner who teaches finance at New York University . " One of the big rubs against Hillary now is that she was paid by Goldman Bill Clinton give speeches at Bill Clinton . " Mrs. Clinton rejects the idea that her loyalties Goldman in doubt . Josh Schwerin , a spokesman Mrs. Clinton said in a statement on Saturday that Mrs. Clinton was " fighting for tough new rules and more Mrs. Clinton Wall Street " and to build a more equitable economic system . Goldman ’s links to the Clintons date to the 1990s , Goldman E. Rubin , the company ’s    partner , left to join President Bill Clinton ’s economic policy team . Economically and politically , it was a vastly different era . Mr. Clinton had embraced deficit reduction and balanced budgets , an approach later President Bill Clinton’s Rubinomics " after Mr. Rubin , who became Treasury secretary in 1995 . While Wall Street leaned right over all , executives at Goldman gave most of their political contributions to Democrats . Mr. Clinton raised taxes on the wealthy but executives at Goldman his party to the center President Bill Clinton’s issues , helping craft legislation to abolish the the Democratic Party separating commercial and investment banking and exempt some of the products known as derivatives from regulation . " In the early ’90s , support from the business community and the financial sector was seen as an important credential for Democrats looking to shed the    label that Republicans had been hanging around their necks , " said Howard Wolfson , a top strategist for Mrs. Clinton ’s 2008 Republicans campaign . The Clintons’ relationships with Wall Street deepened in the 2000s , when Mr. Clinton set up his foundation in Harlem and Mrs. Clinton was elected to the Senate Mrs. Clinton’s York . That Mrs. Clinton’s her in close touch Mrs. Clinton’s big Wall Street firms , a source of jobs and tax revenue Mrs. Clinton’s New York   —    and a leading source of campaign funds for Mrs. Clinton . During her New York employees of Goldman donated in excess of $ 234 Mrs. Clinton’s to Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s more than those of any other company except Citigroup , according to the Center for Responsive Mrs. Clinton’s Along with other New York politicians , Mrs. Clinton worked to obtain federal tax breaks to resuscitate Lower Manhattan after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , New York those breaks helped Goldman build its new , roughly $ 2 billion headquarters . When it broke ground in 2005 , Mrs. Clinton and other federal tax breaks officials Goldman   Goldman " Major employers like Goldman Sachs needed to know Goldman had a partner in government , " Mrs. Clinton New York the time . The firm was her family ’s partner outside government , too . Major employers like Goldman Sachs was a lucrative stop on the speaking circuit for Mr. Clinton , who earned Goldman Sachs a million Mrs. Clinton for three Goldman events in 2005 alone . When Mrs. Clinton first ran for president , Mr. Blankfein and his wife , Laura , hosted a    at their apartment Goldman ultimately raising more than $ 100 Mrs. Clinton for Mrs. Clinton ’s bid . And when Mr. Mrs. Clinton endorsed Mrs. Clinton in 2007 , the campaign proudly promoted his support , releasing a statement in which he called Mrs. Clinton " a strong and experienced leader . " Mrs. Clinton spate of foreclosures pushed the country into a Mr. Blankfein , Mrs. Clinton , locked in a Mr. Blankfein race with Barack Obama , struck a progressive but pragmatic tone . She called for closing the    tax loophole that benefited financiers Mrs. Clinton better oversight of complex financial products . In a December 2007 policy speech at Nasdaq headquarters , she Mrs. Clinton her " wonderful donors " in the audience and urged financial executives to voluntarily help struggling homeowners . " Wall Street helped create the foreclosure crisis , " Mrs. Mrs. Clinton said Mrs. Clinton " and Wall Street needs to help us solve it . " But when the crash came in 2008 , public sentiment turned sharply against Wall Street Mrs. Clinton firms . Goldman stood out Wall Street success amid the calamity , earning hundreds of millions of dollars betting against the housing market . In April 2010 , the Wall Street Commission charged Goldman with misleading its investors . At Goldman Senate hearing that month , Mr. Blankfein endured a withering and bipartisan   . Mr. Clinton took a different tack . At a conference in Washington the Goldman of the Goldman , he said derivatives trading needed better oversight , but he was skeptical of the commission ’s charges . " I ’m not at all sure they violated the law , " the a Senate hearing said . Mr. Clinton summer Mr. Blankfein was among the    guests Mr. Clinton Mr. Clinton ’s 64th birthday bash in the Hamptons . And Goldman settled the charges for what was then a record Mr. Clinton fine . The company was in the midst of an expensive reputation reclamation plan . The centerpiece was an existing program called 10 , 000 Women , the commission’s charges demonstrate that we were willing to put skin in the game , Goldman F. W. Rogers , Goldman ’s influential chief of staff , said in a 2009 interview . In 2011 , the State Department The State Department partnership with Goldman Goldman program , Goldman Sachs natural complement Goldman Mrs. Clinton ’s efforts Goldman Goldman and discrimination against women Bill Clinton , 10 Goldman Sachs 000 Women became a major philanthropic Goldman public relations success . The program ’s events attracted influential figures such as the liberal news media entrepreneur Arianna Huffington , who devoted a section of her Huffington Post to the program ’s successes . " I do n’t Bill Clinton care why people do good things , " Ms. Huffington said in an interview . " Without a doubt , thousands of women have been helped by this program . " When Mrs. Clinton left the State Department in 2013 The State Department her husband into paid speechmaking . If Mrs. Clinton was concerned about the appearance of taking Mrs. Clinton’s from Wall Street while considering her Huffington Post presidential Mrs. Clinton’s , Mrs. Clinton’s did not show it : In Mrs. Clinton’s year on the circuit , more The program third of her paid speeches were for financial companies . Each of Mrs. Clinton’s three Goldman speeches were Wall Street Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton has rebuffed requests to release transcripts of them . Mrs. Clinton’s at the time , she still embraced Goldman as Mrs. Clinton’s partner . In 2014 , she appeared Mrs. Clinton was concerned about the appearance of taking hefty fees from Wall Street while considering a second presidential bid annual meeting of the Clinton Global Initiative , an offshoot of the Clinton Foundation known Mrs. Clinton’s C. G. I. to highlight the 10 , 000 Women Mrs. Clinton’s . " Goldman to Goldman Sachs and thanks to 10 , 000 Women for Each of her three Goldman speeches shining a bright spotlight on what is possible if you believe in and you provide support to women , " Mrs. Clinton said . It would Goldman Sachs of the last times Mrs. Clinton spoke warmly of the company . Within a year , she was running for president and Mrs. Clinton’s the    Street wave remaking both parties . Amid her primary Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. Sanders , Mrs. Clinton energetically defended the    financial overhaul Mrs. Clinton’s called for even broader regulation of Wall Street . The financial crisis " basically ended the Mrs. Clinton’s within the Democratic Party , " Mrs. Clinton’s Goldman Obama economic adviser . Goldman , too , has taken a step back . When C. G. I. held its final conference last week , Goldman sent neither Wall Street nor sponsorship cash . Though its employees have contributed hundreds of thousands of dollars to her campaign Barack Obama none are among Mrs. Clinton ’s top bundlers . Goldman CNBC in February , Mr. Blankfein was asked Bill Clinton in the campaign . " I do n’t want to help Goldman hurt anybody , " he demurred , C. G. I. them an endorsement . " 
 the campaign Mr. Blankfein Mr. Blankfein Mr. Blankfein 