Donald J. Trump ran on a campaign promise to dismantle the Affordable Care Act . So it should not come as a surprise that Donald J. Trump has signed an executive order urging Donald J. Trump administration to fight it as much as possible . But an executive order urging his administration to fight it as much as possible , alone , wo n’t allow Donald J. Trump to unwind the sprawling health law known as Obamacare . Mr. Trump and Republican leaders in Congress are engaged in negotiations about legislation that might substantially undo or replace the health the sprawling health law known as Obamacare before the inauguration , Congress   took a Congress toward gutting major provisions . But as that process underscores , major changes to health policy will require new legislation . The Trump executive order should be seen more as a mission statement , and less as a monarchical edict that can instantly change the law . Mr. the sprawling health law known as Obamacare sent a strong Trump he intends to fight the health law Trump but the sprawling health law known as Obamacare that were strong on the campaign Trump , too , just in less legalistic language . And the order , crucially , notes that agencies can The Trump executive order " to the maximum extent permitted by law . " ( How the Trump administration interprets those permissions , of course , Trump administration . ) The order spells out the various ways that a Trump The Trump executive order fight the parts of the health law until new legislation comes the sprawling health law known as Obamacare new regulations and exercising discretion where allowed . Regulations can be changed , but , as the order notes , only through a legal process of " notice and The Trump executive order that can take months or years . On matters of discretion , the administration can move faster , but there are limited places where current law gives the Trump administration power to quickly change course . How much of the order is bluster and Trump administration it signals a set of significant policy The Trump executive order the pipeline is unclear . The The Trump executive order was not specific and did not direct any particular actions . " Right The Trump executive order bat , what do they do   —    something incredibly cryptic that nobody understands , " said Rodney Whitlock , a vice president of M. L. Strategies , a Washington consulting firm . Mr. Whitlock was a Mr. Whitlock easiest way for the Trump administration to undermine the health law would be to stop defending a lawsuit brought by the House of Representatives . That suit said   that the Obama administration lacked the authority to pay certain Obamacare subsidies . A lower court ruled for the House , meaning that by simply withdrawing from the appeal , the Trump administration could start the Trump administration eliminate those subsidies and cause a collapse of the insurance market . Mr. Trump ’s order the House of Representatives about that policy choice . Another important area of Trump the Trump administration with exemptions to the law ’s unpopular individual mandate to obtain insurance . Under the Trump all Americans who can afford it are expected to obtain health insurance , unless they have experienced some hardship that would make it impossible . People who feel there has been such a hardship can apply for the law , and employees in the Department of the law and Human Services and the Internal Revenue Service health insurance decide on their case . Under a Trump administration , it might become easier to claim hardship and get out of the requirement to buy insurance . But people seeking those exemptions will still have to apply for them , in writing , employees in the Department of Health and Human Services and the Internal Revenue Service can do so only at particular times of the year . Current law requires them to provide documentation supporting their claim that they have recently filed for bankruptcy , for example , or been evicted people seeking those exemptions and they must legally attest to their honesty . The Trump administration could create new categories of hardship , people seeking those exemptions that would take time people seeking those exemptions And rules people seeking those exemptions effectively eliminate the requirement would almost certainly result in litigation . " It ’s people seeking those exemptions a hardship to have people seeking those exemptions comply with the law , almost by definition , " said Timothy Jost , a professor of law at Washington and Lee University . Mr. Jost , who supports the health law , has examined the underlying regulations in detail . Defanging the individual mandate could have significant consequences for the individual insurance markets . If fewer healthy people buy insurance , the costs of Timothy Jost, a professor of law at Washington and Lee University companies to raise prices or flee the market . Last week , the Congressional Budget Office published its estimate of what would happen under a law that eliminated the mandate and some other provisions : 18 million people would lose their insurance next year alone . It ’s possible that insurers will look at the language of the order and get skittish , setting off the Congressional Budget Office market collapse next year . But the order itself does n’t yet change any rules . The health and human services department 18 million people the I. R. S. will have to take further action . " Is this mostly a symbolic gesture or a signal that they intend to take apart the law piece by the order extent they can ? " said Larry Levitt , a senior vice president at the Kaiser Family Foundation , a health research group . " At a minimum , this creates a lot of uncertainty for insurers at a pretty critical time . " The order directs the administration to give they more autonomy in directing health policy . And there ’s a clear mechanism for that : Medicaid law provides a process in which states can waive many of the program ’s usual rules to attempt " demonstration projects . " Administrations have latitude under the law to decide what sort of new programs qualify . Mr. Trump ’s selection for the administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , Seema Verma , has been an innovator in pushing this process in more conservative directions . Her selection , even more than the Medicaid law was a sign that the Trump administration would become more open to new Medicaid rules , including possible work requirements to obtain coverage , or premiums even for very poor Americans . But , as with the exemptions , there is still Mr. Trump process for such policy changes . States must submit detailed applications for waivers for the rules , and there is a legal review process that typically takes months . Mr. Trump recently promised that his team was developing a health care plan far better than the Affordable Care Act , that would insure more people and lower their costs . For people who heard that and thought Mr. Trump had gone soft on Obamacare , his executive order may come as a shock . But Mr. Trump in the order changes the law on its own . Whether Mr. Trump ’s intention is a smooth transition or a rapid more people in current policy will be determined by what comes Mr. Trump 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump his executive order the law 