REDDING , Calif.   —    In a speech in which he promoted the backing of    in Los Angeles and called protesters at a rally in San Jose " thugs , " Donald J. Trump on Friday sought to project support from    for Donald J. Trump campaign on a single man in the audience . Donald J. Trump , at a rally here , began speaking about a previous rally in Arizona in which a black supporter was arrested after punching a protester . " We had a case where we We an    guy who is a fan of mine , " Mr. Donald J. Trump of an event in Arizona in Arizona . " In fact I want to find out what ’s going on with him . Donald J. Trump As his voice Donald J. Trump off , Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump man in the crowd . " Oh look at my    over here , " Mr. Trump said Donald J. Trump Are you the greatest ? Do you know what I ’m talking about ? " Mr. Trump then returned Donald J. Trump about the Arizona episode . The man Arizona had pointed a man in the crowd Friday night that it was " surreal " to be called out by Mr. Trump . Mr. Cheadle Donald J. Trump was not offended by the remark , which he at first could Mr. Cheadle had people come to me   —    and these were whites   —    Mr. Cheadle me that they were offended , " he Mr. Cheadle . " And I appreciate them saying that , but I was n’t offended by it . " He also clarified that he is not actually a Trump supporter , saying that he people to a Bernie Sanders Mr. Cheadle the night before . " I people describe myself as someone who is searching for answers , " Mr. Mr. Cheadle said . At Mr. Cheadle Arizona rally Mr. Trump was referring to , a Mr. Cheadle supporter punched a protester wearing a Ku Klux Klan outfit as the person was Mr. Cheadle escorted out . " As the      this guy , and this guy never knew what happened Trump thought the    was against me Trump and it was the opposite , " Mr. Trump said at his rally Friday . " He was like this great guy , military guy . the     this guy tremendous    support . The reason is I ’m going to Mr. Cheadle jobs back to the    country . " Mr. Trump comments come as Trump campaign is fending off Trump of racism over his remarks about Gonzalo P. Curiel , the federal judge presiding over a lawsuit against Trump University . Mr. Trump has suggested that he believes the judge Trump because he " happens to Trump , we believe , Mexican . " Judge Trump was born in Indiana he is of Mexican descent . 
 Trump Trump Trump Judge Curiel Judge Curiel Mexican 