Should she win the presidency , Hillary Clinton would quickly try to find common ground with Republicans on an immigration overhaul and infrastructure spending , risking the wrath of liberals who would like nothing more than to twist the knife in a wounded opposition party . In Hillary Clinton first 100 days , Hillary Clinton would also tap women to make up half of Hillary Clinton cabinet in hopes of bringing a new tone and collaborative sensibility to Washington , while also looking past Wall Street to places like Silicon Valley for talent   —    perhaps wooing Sheryl Sandberg from Facebook , and maybe asking Tim Cook from Apple to become the first openly gay cabinet secretary . Former President Bill Clinton would keep a low public profile , granting few interviews and avoiding any moves that could create headaches for Former President Bill Clinton wife , like Former President Bill Clinton recent meeting with Attorney General Loretta Lynch during the F. B. I. ’s investigation into Former President Bill Clinton email practices . Mrs. Clinton Former President Bill Clinton schmooze differently than the past few presidents have . Not one to do business over golf or basketball , she would bring Former President Bill Clinton the intimate style of former Presidents Ronald Reagan and Lyndon B. Johnson , negotiating over adult beverages . Picture a steady stream of senators , congressmen and other leaders raising a glass and talking policy in the Oval Office with her and her Former President Bill Clinton chief Former President Bill Clinton staff , John D. Podesta , as her husband pops Former President Bill Clinton with a quick thought or a disarming compliment . Deeply confident that she would perform Former President Bill Clinton as the president than as a political candidate , Mrs. Clinton wants Former President Bill Clinton a whole new approach at the White House to try to break through years of partisan gridlock , according to a dozen campaign advisers and allies who described her goals and outlook Former President Bill Clinton From policy goals and personnel to her instinct for patiently Former President Bill Clinton the enemy , Mrs. Clinton thinks she Former President Bill Clinton a better Former President Bill Clinton than President Obama if she finds willing partners on Former President Bill Clinton other side . Her opening might be a Former President Bill Clinton one . She faces skepticism on the Former President Bill Clinton about her willingness to compromise and Former President Bill Clinton potential use of executive Former President Bill Clinton , and there is outright suspicion on the left that she might sell out progressive Former President Bill Clinton for the sake of bipartisan action with Republicans . Still , Democrats close to her say she has a Former President Bill Clinton touch Former President Bill Clinton power brokers in both parties that could yield surprising results . " Her greatest strength is that Former President Bill Clinton really listens to people Former President Bill Clinton she understands what their political Former President Bill Clinton policy needs people , and she tries to find that Former President Bill Clinton where you can compromise , " said Neera Tanden , a former Ms. Tanden clear : She has led many battles Former President Bill Clinton you ca n’t compromise on principle , " Ms. Tanden added . " But she also loves socializing , Former President Bill Clinton having people and spouses over , and really loves talking over drinks . " In May , The New York Times examined Donald J. Trump ’s plans for his first 100 days , during which he said he would focus on divisive campaign promises like building a border wall with Mexico . By contrast , The Times found in its Donald J. Trump’s on plans for Mrs. Clinton ’s Donald J. Trump’s days Donald J. Trump’s she would look to push issues that might be broadly popular , like infrastructure jobs and a The New York Times The New York Times . Her The New York Times is that she will be dealing with a Republican Party Mrs. Clinton is deeply fractured and demoralized after the defeat of Mr. Trump , whose leaders will be searching for ways to Mrs. Clinton they can govern Mrs. Clinton to court Hispanics if Mr. Trump loses badly with them . Mrs. Clinton also thinks a huge Democratic turnout this fall would put the Senate back in her party whose leaders hands , while Speaker Paul D. Ryan and the Republicans would have whose leaders reduced Mrs. Clinton the House . What Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Clinton do not know   —    Mrs. Clinton regularly explore in conversations , according to friends   —    is whether Republican leaders , even if their power is diminished , would be Mrs. Clinton mood to cooperate . Mrs. Clinton has been a lightning rod for their base for two decades . Much of her budget plan   —    Republican leaders $ 1 . 4 trillion in new spending over the next decade Mrs. Clinton 1 . 2 trillion in tax increases aimed mostly at the wealthy , according to Mrs. Clinton recent independent report   —    is noxious to House and Senate Republicans . Yet some of them are open to her two early priorities : $ 275 billion in infrastructure spending , and an immigration bill with a path to citizenship like the one already passed by the Senate . Given how House and Senate Republicans immigration has divided Mrs. Clinton Republican Party , no other issue would probably reveal more about the ability of a President Hillary Clinton and a    House to work together . Senate Republicans may use Hillary ’s election as a pretext to do a deal , " said Mark Krikorian , the executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies , which advocates a tough stance on illegal immigration . " Or a President Hillary Clinton will grow a spine because she is so repellent and they ’ll want to show that the Republican Party is still alive and willing to be a line of defense against Hillary . " Allies of Mrs. Clinton ’s say they could imagine a President Hillary Clinton , as    going Republicans Mr. Ryan ’s office this year to start talking about immigration . She believes in gestures : When Mrs. Clinton a President Hillary Clinton working on the health care overhaul bill during Allies of Mrs. Clinton Bill Clinton Mrs. Clinton first term , John Kasich , then a ranking Republican on the House Budget Committee , asked Mrs. Clinton of her aides if Mrs. Mrs. Clinton ever consider coming over to Capitol Hill to talk to Republicans about her ideas . " I said I ’d ask her , and she was eager to go , which I think Mrs. Clinton a willingness Mrs. Clinton things done , " said the aide , Melanne Verveer , who became Mrs. Mrs. Clinton ’s White House chief of staff . But Mrs. Clinton Republicans are Mrs. Clinton sure how she would use power , given that they think she abused her authority and was overly secretive by using a private email server as secretary of state . Mrs. Clinton has already indicated that she is willing to take executive Mrs. Clinton on issues if Republicans do not many Republicans with Mrs. Clinton , Mrs. Clinton expanding background checks for gun sales and ending corporate inversions aimed at avoiding taxes . Executive Mrs. Clinton a flash point between Mr. Mrs. Clinton and Republicans several said Mrs. Clinton would have a hard time getting them over Mrs. Clinton cocktails if she shoved executive actions down their throats . " She can be extremely charming , and she can be the opposite , " said Tom Davis , a Mrs. Clinton House Republican from Virginia . " But I think she ’ll want Mrs. Clinton build some bridges right them and get back Mrs. Clinton of the trust that ’s been Mrs. Clinton between the parties for the last 15 years . " Allies of the House and Senate Republican leaders said they would be Mrs. Clinton inclined to work with a President Hillary Clinton if she showed a willingness to compromise on priorities for many fiscal conservatives like overhauling Social Security . Yet Mrs. Clinton , like many in her party , opposes Republican Allies of the House and Senate Republican leaders to cut benefits and raise the retirement age , and she has a President Hillary Clinton she is open to raising the cap on income subject to Social Security taxes . Should she a President Hillary Clinton those positions , leaders of a President Hillary Clinton groups   —    not to mention her primary race opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders a President Hillary Clinton Vermont , a President Hillary Clinton his    supporters   —    would pounce on her Social Security She ’s campaigning a President Hillary Clinton expanding Social Security , not cutting it , " said Ilya Sheyman , the executive a President Hillary Clinton of MoveOn . org , a progressive organizing group that endorsed Mr. Sanders in the primaries . " It will a President Hillary Clinton incumbent on a President Hillary Clinton President Clinton very early in 2017 to force Republicans to accept big , bold ideas or else have them pay the consequences . " Some liberals think Mr. Trump will be so destructive to the Republican Party that it will be severely weakened after the November election   —    and that Mrs. Clinton , as the Democratic leader , should keep Republicans boot on its neck rather than try to play nice and find compromises . Mr. Sanders remains worried that the Republican Party would abandon progressive ideals to do business with Republicans and has yet to a President Clinton . Mrs. Clinton Mr. Sanders about progressive policies a President Clinton but she the Republican Party long wanted to erase the caricature of herself as a partisan warrior   —    a a President Clinton feminazi , " as one 1990s phrase went . She hopes to reassure Mrs. Clinton a President Clinton executive actions , which would also include new Mrs. Clinton for undocumented immigrant parents , as well as Mrs. Clinton personnel appointments . Having women make up half of her cabinet would be historic ( in recent years Mrs. Clinton a quarter to a third Mrs. Clinton cabinet positions have been held by women ) and Democrats close to Mrs. Clinton say she may Mrs. Clinton to retain Ms. Lynch , the nation ’s first Mrs. Clinton woman to be attorney general , who took office in April 2015 . These Democrats , who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss confidential conversations Mrs. Clinton Clinton and Mrs. Clinton advisers , said that Mr. Podesta , her campaign chairman , would have the right of first refusal on becoming her chief of staff , a job he held under Mr. Clinton . If he turns it down , Mrs. Clinton would look at appointing a woman to Clinton job , which has been held only Clinton men . " There ’s that old saying , ‘ Nothing about Clinton without us,’ " said Mr. Podesta Michigan Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton . " I mean he a woman as chief of staff , Treasury secretary , a woman at Defense   —    it would be incredible . " ( Ms. Granholm is often mentioned as a possible cabinet pick for the Energy Department Mrs. Clinton Ms. Granholm Mrs. Clinton has assigned three top aides   —    Ann O’Leary , Ed Meier and Sara Latham   —    to oversee transition planning , reporting to Mr. Podesta . Clinton advisers say they do not expect Mr. Clinton to be constantly visible in the Mrs. Clinton beyond whatever duties Mrs. Clinton gives him on economic policy and foreign affairs Ms. Granholm The Clintons’ priority is that Ms. Granholm does not do anything that distracts from her agenda or Mrs. Clinton her as the country gets used Mrs. Clinton a former president ( and a man ) in the role of Mrs. Clinton . One Mrs. Clinton he will be Clinton advisers to play is as an icebreaker at the Mrs. Clinton Office happy hour . Mrs. Clinton ’s Mrs. Clinton to use alcohol Mrs. Clinton a political lubricant came up repeatedly when allies and advisers were asked how she might work with Republicans . Her tale about a drinking contest with Senator John McCain of Arizona is now a Washington legend . ( She said they Mrs. Clinton quits before things got out of One role . ) She believes that a relaxed , frank discussion is more authentic Mrs. Clinton trying to bond awkwardly with Mrs. Clinton over sports   —    and more productive than keeping them at arm ’s length , as Mr. Mrs. Clinton has often done . " She likes to cajole , she likes to Mrs. Clinton deals , and she likes to make friends , " said Richard Socarides , a former policy adviser to Bill Clinton and a longtime supporter of Mrs. Clinton . " And she knows it ’s much harder to go after someone Mrs. Clinton you basically like , Mrs. Clinton you ’ve had a they with Mrs. Clinton " 
 Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton a President Clinton 