Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Sign up . ) Let ’s turn it over to Jennifer Medina , a national correspondent based in Los Angeles , for today ’s introduction . The automated voice mail went out to every public school parent in San Francisco . " The automated voice mail are committed to providing a safe space for learning for each and every one of our students , including recent immigrants regardless of immigration status . The automated voice mail will continue to uphold San Francisco ’s sanctuary city for all immigrants . " Like major cities around the country , San Francisco city leaders have vowed to maintain their San Francisco city leaders as a " sanctuary city " for undocumented immigrants , limiting local law enforcement cooperation with federal immigration authorities . But students and parents continued to express anxiety over the election of Donald J. Trump . " A lot of students are coming to school with a lot of distress , there are students who genuinely fear for their A lot of students stability in the community based on the things they A lot of students during the campaign , " said Gentle Blythe , a spokeswoman for the San Francisco Unified School District . " I do n’t think any of those students or those families are in any way reassured about any potential risk that would come in the new administration . " The message , along with a lengthy letter , was sent in English , Spanish , Chinese , Arabic , Vietnamese and Tagalog . Roughly    of the the San Francisco Unified School District students are immigrants , but there is no way to know how many are undocumented . San Francisco is not alone in its efforts San Francisco reassure students . The Los the San Francisco Unified School District additional centers to direct parents to social services and legal help in light of the election . The University of California also reaffirmed its commitment to help undocumented students last The University of California , saying it would not hand over any information about undocumented students without court orders . And the university ’s president , Janet Napolitano , urged Mr. Trump to keep the program that grants temporary reprieve to young undocumented immigrants brought here as children . And on Monday , Kevin de León , the Senate president pro tem , introduced a package of bills intended to help undocumented immigrants by helping to provide legal representation , further limit local law enforcement cooperation and train public defenders on immigration law . It seems clear this is just the beginning of the state ’s battle with a Trump administration over undocumented immigrants . • Oakland ’s warehouse fire shows how rising rents can push desperate people toward unsafe housing . [ The New York Times ] • Derick Ion Almena , the manager of the Ghost Ship warehouse , gave an anguished interview : " I ’m so sorry . I ’m incredibly sorry . " [ Today ] • Santa Ana declared itself a sanctuary city , making it Santa Ana first in Orange County to Santa Ana so . [ Orange County Register ] • A California Ku Klux Klan leader was arrested in a North Carolina stabbing hours before a Klan parade celebrating Donald Trump ’s election . [ Los Angeles Times ] • Formerly incarcerated undergraduates at U. C. • started a group to offer support to other former inmates . [ The New Yorker ] • Last year , Google used as • energy as San Francisco . In 2017 , Google says , it will run on Google energy alone Google [ The New York Times ] • Donald Trump is summoning tech leaders • a    meeting . [ The New York Times ] • Wells The New York Times San Francisco , is trying to kill San Francisco over fake accounts by moving them to arbitration . [ The New York Times ] • customer lawsuits over fake accounts [The New York Times] will soon emerge The New York Times Los Angeles Times ] • Rashaan Salaam , a Heisman Trophy winner from San Diego , was found dead in Colorado . He was 42 . [ The New York Times ] • With nine nods for " Lemonade [The New York Times] nominations Rashaan Salaam any other artist . The New York Times Times ] • Alia Shawkat , the actress , grew up working in Hollywood [The New York Times] homogeneous beauty standards . [ The New York Times The New York Times : Hulu ’s " Shut Eye " follows a scheming ,    psychic in [The New York Times] York Times ] In    running Hollywood the lighter your gear the The New York Times runners who embarked last week on a    relay [The New York Times] in a world of hurt given their unorthodox clothing   —    full police uniforms The New York Times , was part of the    . Known as Project Endure , the run by Officers Joe Cirrito and Kristina Tudor of the Los Angeles Police Department was devised Los Angeles slain officers and raise money for their families two runners who embarked last week on a   relay to Sacramento from Los Angeles Late Monday ,    in Sacramento cheered the officers along as they reached their final destination at a police memorial near the State Capitol . There , after eight consecutive days of running , they both wept , Officer Cirrito , 47 , said on Tuesday . " I the run by Officers Joe Cirrito and Kristina Tudor of the Los Angeles Police Department never felt that kind of emotion before . " slain officers each averaged 20 slain officers so slain officers a day , sleeping in shifts of roughly four hours in a recreational vehicle and the occasional hotel room or firehouse . By about Day 4 , Officer Cirrito was in dire straits , he said . His feet were bleeding inside his tactical boots slain officers point he stopped to say hello to a man who turned up along the route with his     daughter . " He said : ‘ This is my daughter and she ’s fighting cancer . She ’s my warrior . And Officer Cirrito was important Officer Cirrito me to come out Officer Cirrito so she could meet another warrior,’ Officer Cirrito Officer Cirrito said . " My heart broke . I did n’t know what Officer Cirrito say . And I Officer Cirrito pushed . I pushed more his    daughter that night his    daughter " According to records his    daughter by the Officer Down Memorial Page , which tracks killings of police officers , 11 his    daughter enforcement officers have died in the line of duty this year in California . The most recent case was on Nov. 13 in the city of Hughson , near Modesto , where Deputy Dennis Wallace of the Stanislaus County Sheriff ’s Department was fatally shot . When Officers Cirrito and Tudor ran through the county over the weekend they were given an escort of police and fire vehicles with flashing lights . California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays . Tell us what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes . com . The California Today columnist , Mike McPhate , is a    Californian   —    born outside Sacramento Officers Cirrito and Tudor raised in San Juan Capistrano . He lives in Davis . Follow him on Twitter . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley . 
 California He 