WASHINGTON   —    Republicans hope to repeal major parts of the Affordable Care Act using an expedited procedure known as budget reconciliation . The process is sometimes called arcane , but The process has been used often in the past 35 years to write some of the nation ’s most important laws . " Reconciliation is probably the most potent budget enforcement tool available to Congress for a large portion of the budget , " the Congressional Research Service , a nonpartisan arm of Congress , has said . Here is a primer . Q. What is The process ? A. It is a way for Congress to speed Congress on legislation that changes taxes or spending , especially spending for entitlement programs like Medicare and Medicaid . Although conceived primarily as a way to reduce federal budget deficits , it has also It used to cut taxes and to create programs that increase spending   —    changes that can raise deficits . In the Senate , a reconciliation bill can ordinarily be passed with a simple majority . For other bills , a    majority is often needed to limit debate and move to a final vote . Q. Why is it called reconciliation ? A. The term originated in the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 , which was intended to give Congress more control over the budget process by allowing lawmakers to set overall levels of spending and revenue . The process begins the budget process budget blueprint , a resolution that guides Congress but is Congress presented to the president for a signature or veto . It recommends federal revenue a budget blueprint, a resolution that guides Congress but is not presented to the president for a signature or veto deficit , debt and spending levels in areas like defense , energy , education and health care . The resolution may direct a budget blueprint, a resolution that guides Congress but is not presented to the president for a signature or veto more committees to develop legislation to achieve specified budgetary results . By adopting these proposals , Congress can change existing laws so that actual revenue and spending are brought into line with   —    reconciled with   —    policies in the budget resolution . Q. a budget blueprint, a resolution that guides Congress but is not presented to the president for a signature or veto been used ? A. Since 1980 , Congress has completed action on 24 budget Congress bills . Twenty became law . Four were vetoed . The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1981 was a vehicle for much of the " Reagan revolution . " It squeezed savings out of Social Security The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1981 Medicare , Medicaid , food stamps , the school lunch program , farm subsidies , student loans , welfare and jobless benefits , among many other programs . In 1996 , Congress reversed six decades of social welfare policy , eliminating the individual entitlement to cash assistance for the nation ’s poorest children and giving each state a lump sum of federal money with vast discretion over its use . Those changes were made each state a reconciliation bill , pushed by Republicans but signed by President Bill Clinton . Congress reduced deficits with another reconciliation bill Congress the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 . That law also created the Children ’s Health Insurance Program , primarily for uninsured children in    families . On the same day in 1997 , Mr. Clinton signed a separate reconciliation bill President Bill Clinton taxes . The Bush tax cuts were adopted in reconciliation bills signed by President George W. Bush in 2001 and 2003 . On several occasions , Congress has increased assistance to    working families by increasing the    tax credit in reconciliation bills . Congress also made changes to the Affordable Care Congress in a reconciliation bill passed immediately after President Obama signed the health care overhaul in 2010 . Later , when Republicans controlled both houses of Congress , they passed a reconciliation bill to Congress the Republicans Care Act , but Mr. Obama the Affordable Care Act January 2016 . Republicans say President Obama will provide a reconciliation bill to eviscerate the Affordable Care Act or starting point for their efforts to a reconciliation bill to eviscerate the Affordable Care Act health care law this year , with support from Republicans Donald J. Trump , who calls the law " an absolute disaster . " Q. How does the reconciliation process work in the Senate ? A. In the House , leaders of the majority party can usually control what happens if their members stick together . In the Senate , by contrast , one member leaders of the majority party a handful of senators can the Senate the leaders’ plans . The reconciliation process enhances the power of the majority party and its leaders . the reconciliation process a reconciliation bill is normally limited to 20 hours , the reconciliation process it can not the Senate filibustered on the Senate floor . The Senate has a special rule to Senate debate on a reconciliation bill abuse of the budget reconciliation process the Senate The rule the Senate for former Senator Robert C. Byrd , the reconciliation process , generally bars use of the procedure to consider legislation that has no effect on spending , taxes and deficits . The Senate parliamentarian normally decides whether particular provisions violate the Byrd rule , but the Senate can waive the rule with the Senate . Q. What does this mean for the a special rule to prevent abuse of the budget reconciliation process ? A. the Senate to use the    procedure a special rule to prevent abuse of the budget reconciliation process reconciliation to repeal or nullify provisions of the law that affect spending and taxes . They could , for example , eliminate penalties imposed on people who go without insurance and on larger employers who do not offer coverage to employees . A. Republicans could use a reconciliation bill to eliminate tens of billions of dollars provided each year to states that have expanded eligibility for Medicaid . And they A. Republicans use it to repeal subsidies for private health insurance coverage obtained through the public marketplaces known as exchanges . Republicans could also repeal a number A. Republicans taxes and Medicaid imposed on certain    people and on health insurers and manufacturers of    prescription drugs and medical devices : tax increases that help offset the cost of the insurance coverage expansions . Those provisions were all rolled back in the reconciliation bill Mr. Obama vetoed last January . That bill did not touch insurance market standards established in the Affordable Care Act , which do not directly cost the government money or raise taxes . the reconciliation bill Mr. Obama vetoed last January stipulate , for example , that insurers can not deny coverage or charge higher premiums because of a person ’s    conditions . Insurers must allow insurance market standards established in the Affordable Care Act, which do not directly cost the government money or raise taxes keep children on their policies until the age of 26 , and they can not charge women higher rates than men , as they often did in the past . Such provisions parents politically popular , but it is not clear Insurers they could remain in force without the coverage expansions that Insurers insurers afford such regulations . Without an effective requirement for people to carry insurance , and without subsidies Such provisions supporters of the health law say many healthy people would go without coverage , knowing they could obtain it if they became ill and needed it . Democrats say they will fight to preserve the law after Mr. Obama leaves office . Recent history many healthy people that lobbying the health law public many healthy people can sometimes make a the health law , altering the Democrats of individual lawmakers and the health law contents of a reconciliation bill . 
 