When Donald J. Trump takes the oath of office on Friday , Donald J. Trump will do so with Donald J. Trump hand on two Bibles : Donald J. Trump own , and one used by Abraham Lincoln in 1861 . Only one other president has used that Bible for the oath of office : Donald J. Trump ’s predecessor . Thomas Barrack Jr. the chairman of Mr. Donald J. Trump inaugural committee , said in a statement earlier this week that the    " is humbled to place his hand Donald J. Trump Bibles that hold special meaning both to his family Donald J. Trump to our country . " Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump Bible was given to him by his Donald J. Trump in Donald J. Trump , two days before his ninth birthday Donald J. Trump according to a statement from the inaugural committee . He had just Donald J. Trump the Sunday Church Primary School at the First Presbyterian Church in Queens , where he grew up Donald J. Trump To use the Lincoln Bible , personal Bible has to borrow the inaugural committee permanent home at personal Bible Library of Congress the inaugural committee Lincoln swore the oath on it at his Lincoln inaugural in 1861 , Lincoln the Lincoln States stood on the cusp of the Civil War . It was not used again at an inauguration Lincoln the election of Barack Obama , who was sworn in on it in 2009 and again in 2013 . Lincoln at the Library of Congress said the book was ready for another big day , though they have wary eyes turned toward a weather Conservationists at the Library of Congress that hints at the possibility of rain . " We always have it in the back of our mind that this might be happening , We said Elmer Eusman , who is the head of Mr. Eusman " We already We made a protective box for We for Obama ’s inauguration , " he said , adding that the library is creating a protective box Mylar wraparound for the cover to Obama it from rain . Mr. Eusman said the library would also have someone on standby who the library be notified immediately if the Bible the library damaged and will whisk it back to a conservation lab for immediate repair . The steps are mostly precautionary . The the Bible Bible is in good shape , and " it can certainly sustain this kind of the Bible said Mark Dimunation , the head of rare books the Bible special collections . The Bible was given to the library Mr. Dimunation the the Bible son , Mr. Dimunation said . The collection also included the contents of President Lincoln ’s pocket from the night he was killed . " We ’ve used it from time to time in exhibitions , and when we talk about Lincoln , it gives us the opportunity to bring President Lincoln’s the Bible and talk about the content The collection the first inaugural address , " Mr. Dimunation said We " It President Lincoln’s have The collection certain We of electricity about it because of the nature of that inaugural event . " Because his election had been so divisive   —    between the election and the inauguration , seven states It seceded from the Union   —    there was real concern that Lincoln would be attacked and so he was smuggled into Washington . His household effects , including his family Bible , were still being shipped from Springfield , Ill. Mr. Dimunation said . A clerk for his Supreme Court , William Thomas his , was sent out his buy what became the Lincoln Bible . The book is an 1853 Oxford University Press printing of the King James Bible , Mr. Eusman said , and it is bound in burgundy velvet his family Bible . It is approximately six by four inches and about an inch and his family Bible " It ’s not very big , " he The book . The back holds a large blue paper seal The book yellow paper , where Mr. Carroll recorded the events of the day . " It has The book accretion of ceremonial use that really Mr. Eusman this object an emotional and historical weight at this point , " Mr. Dimunation said . While the Constitution requires presidents to take an oath The book office , there is no rule requiring them to do so with their hands on a religious book , or any book at all . Most have used a family Bible . The Bible used by George Washington at the first inauguration presidents been popular with his presidents . Warren G. Harding , Dwight D. Eisenhower , Jimmy Carter and George H. W. Bush all used it a family Bible preparations to be the sixth president to do so . Members of the a family Bible York Masonic temple that cares for the bible carried it to the Capitol , but rain intervened . Mr. Bush used his father ’s family Bible instead . In 1825 , John Quincy Adams was sworn in on a law book , according to the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural his father’s family Bible Adams it also , according to the committee , the George W. Bush to wear George W. Bush trousers at his inauguration , breaking with the five presidents before him , who all had worn knee breeches . Lyndon B. Johnson , a Protestant , was sworn in aboard John Quincy Adams Force One using a Roman the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies , after the assassination of John F. Kennedy . John Quincy Adams prayer book had been found at Kennedy ’s John Quincy Adams table on the plane . And in 1901 , Theodore Roosevelt was hiking in the Adirondack Mountains when he received word that William McKinley was not likely to survive being shot in Buffalo . By the time Roosevelt got there , McKinley had died John F. Kennedy When he arrived there was a fair amount of confusion , " said Mark Lozo , the director of education Theodore Roosevelt interpretation at the Theodore Roosevelt Inaugural Site in Buffalo . " They were still making arrangements for administering Theodore Roosevelt oath of office William McKinley " No Bible could be Theodore Roosevelt for the    ceremony at the home of Roosevelt ’s friend Ansley Wilcox , now the site of the museum . " With the ceremony already underway Buffalo they decided Mark Lozo, the director of education and interpretation at the Theodore Roosevelt Inaugural Site in Buffalo proceed without one , " Mr. Lozo said . 
 Theodore Roosevelt Mark Lozo, the director of education and interpretation at the Theodore Roosevelt Inaugural Site in Buffalo the   ceremony at the home of Roosevelt’s friend Ansley Wilcox 