The last time Steve Kerr was in Beirut , Steve Kerr birthplace , with the bombs pounding the runway and the assassination of Steve Kerr father six months away , Steve Kerr left by car . The airport was closed . There was talk of taking a cruise ship to Cyprus , or accompanying an ambassador on a helicopter to Tel Aviv or even crossing into Israel on a bus . A military plane headed to Cairo had an empty seat , but A military plane headed to Cairo went to someone else . Finally , a hired driver took Kerr over the Lebanon Mountains and across the Syrian border to Damascus , then on to Amman , Jordan . It felt like an escape . " I ’m fearful that all this uncertainty and inconvenience , not to mention even a sense of physical danger , has not done Steve ’s image of Beirut much good , and in Steve’s present mood Steve’s wonders what any of us are doing here , " Steve’s father , Malcolm H. Kerr , the president of the American University of Beirut , wrote to other family members that day in August 1983 . A few months later , Malcolm Kerr was shot twice in the back of the head outside Malcolm Kerr university office . Malcolm Kerr was 18 then , quiet and   . He Malcolm Kerr a lightly recruited freshman at the University of Arizona , before it was a basketball power . It it a vivid imagination to see him Malcolm Kerr an N. B. A. champion as a player and a coach , now leading the Golden State Warriors . But perhaps it should be no surprise that , at 51 , Kerr Malcolm Kerr found his Malcolm Kerr in public discourse , talking about much more than basketball : heavy topics like gun control ,    protests , presidential politics and Middle East policy . With an educated and evenhanded approach , he Malcolm Kerr into discussions that most others in his Malcolm Kerr purposely avoid or know little about , chewing through the gray areas in a world that increasingly paints itself in bold contrasts . In many ways , he Malcolm Kerr grown into an echo of his Malcolm Kerr . " The Malcolm Kerr marked by empathy , " Malcolm Kerr wrote in a foreword to a collection of essays called " The    Confrontation of June 1967 : An Arab Perspective . " " By his recognition that the Malcolm Kerr and understanding of men of other cultures may differ sharply from his own , that Malcolm Kerr seems natural to him may appear grotesque Malcolm Kerr others . " In a rare and sometimes emotional interview this fall , Kerr spoke about the death of his father and his Kerr ’s deep Kerr in Lebanon and the Middle East . Some of the words sounded familiar . " Put yourself in someone else ’s shoes and look at it from a bigger perspective , " he said . " Kerr live in this complex world of gray areas . Life is so much easier if it could be black and white , good and evil . " Providing commentary on the state of today ’s politics and culture is not a prerequisite for Kerr ’s job . There are sports fans , maybe the majority of them , who wish athletes and coaches would keep their nonsports opinions to them   —    them for the anthem , be thankful for your good fortune , express only humility , and provide little but smiles and autographs . Kerr understands that . Kerr are a diversion for most who follow them , " only Sports to us and our fans , " us said . In Kerr sports world that takes itself too seriously , that perspective is part of the appeal of Kerr and the Warriors Kerr They won the 2015 Kerr and the Warriors B. A. championship , were    last season and remain a top team this season . They last season be Kerr and the Warriors more fun than anyone else . But Kerr also knows that Kerr are an active ingredient of American culture . He knows , as Kerr as anyone , that players are complicated , molded by background , race , religion and circumstance . And Kerr is , too Kerr a man whose grandparents left the United States to work in the Middle East , whose father was raised there , whose mother adopted it , whose family has a different and broader perspective than most . The Kerrs are a family touched by terrorism in the most personal way . Malcolm Kerr was not Kerr victim . He was a target . Kerr gives Steve Kerr a voice . Kerr gives him a platform Kerr You will Kerr him if he has a few Kerr to Kerr . " It ’s really simple to demonize Muslims because of our anger over    but it ’s obviously so much more complex It that , " he said . " The vast Kerr of Muslims are    people , just like the vast majority of Christians and Buddhists and Jews and any other religion . People are people . " He delved into modern Middle East Kerr , about World War II and the Holocaust and the 1948 creation of Israel , about the    War in 1967 , about peace accords and the    conflict and the Iraq War and the United States’ scattered chase for whatever shifting    it has at any particular time .    My dad would have been able to explain it all to me , " Kerr said . Instead Kerr he absorbed it as a boy and My dad it    an adult . " He    least gave me the understanding My dad it ’s complex . And as easy    it is to demonize people , there ’s a lot of different factors involved in creating this culture that we ’re in now . " Malcolm Kerr was a professor at U. Kerr A. for 20 years , and the sprawling ranch house where the family lived in Pacific Palisades , Calif. has a flat driveway and a basketball hoop bolted to the roof above the garage . Steve Kerr spent countless hours in the driveway Kerr shot that would give him a flat driveway about basketball . " I remember when the Camp David accords happened , " Kerr said , recalling the 1978 peace talks between Kerr Begin of a flat driveway Anwar    of Egypt , shepherded by President Jimmy Carter . Kerr had just entered his teens . " One Kerr my best friends Kerr a guy named David Zuckerman , a Jewish guy , and his father was an English professor , " Kerr Kerr . " Mr. Zuckerman and David drove Kerr home from baseball practice or something , and we pull up in the driveway and my dad sees us and comes running out . Mr. Zuckerman ’s name was Marvin , and my dad said : ‘ Marvin , Marvin ! Did you see the picture today of we and Sadat?’ It was the biggest thing . It would have been the my dad the Dodgers winning the World Series Marvin He was so excited for that moment because that is what he really hoped for : Middle It peace . That was his dream . That day , I ’ll never forget it . " Kerr paused . " And then it He only a short time later that Sadat was killed , He he said . The Sadat assassination was in October That day , just 27 months before Malcolm Kerr was killed . Malcolm Kerr ’s parents , Stanley and Elsa Kerr , were Kerr missionaries who met Sadat the Middle East after World War I. He worked for Kerr East Relief in Turkey Kerr of countless Armenians ( detailed later in his memoir , " The Lions of Marash " ) . She had traveled to Kerr to study Turkish and to teach . They married in 1921 and moved to Lebanon to run orphanages Kerr They went on to teach at the American University of Beirut for 40 years . Malcolm was one of their four children . He went to the United States for prep school and graduated They Princeton before he returned to A. U. B. for graduate school . It was Kerr that he met They Zwicker , an Kerr College student from California spending a year studying abroad . Beirut was a Kerr ,    city on the Mediterranean , a mix of Christians and Muslims Kerr in balance , if not harmony . A. U. B. was founded in 1866 ( it celebrated its 150th anniversary on Dec. 3 ) as a bastion of free thought and diversity , welcoming all races and religions . As wars and crises suffocated the Middle East in the Middle East it has it felt like an island , protected by prestige and   . Malcolm and Ann married and raised four children : Susan , John , Steve and Andrew . The first three were born it Beirut . Malcolm Kerr took a Malcolm Kerr at A. U. B. but the Kerr settled in California when Steve was a toddler The Kerrs Kerr ’s tenure at Malcolm Kerr A. was sprinkled with sojourns and sabbaticals that Beirut pulled the family back to the Middle East A. U. B. spent two separate the Middle East . California summers in Beirut Steve Tunisia , another year in France , and road trips circling the Mediterranean in a Volkswagen van . Steve " was not always thrilled , " he admitted , to leave friends and the comfort of California . He hated to miss Beirut camps and football and basketball games at U. C. L. A. where the Mediterranean had season tickets . In hindsight , though Steve his family ’s long history The Kerrs Middle Steve beginning nearly 100 years ago , California him in the Middle East only Steve realizes . " It ’s an American story , something I ’m very proud of , the work that my grandparents did , " Kerr said . Steve It just seemed like Kerr time when Americans were really helping around the world , and Steve of the reasons Steve were beloved was the amount of help we provided , whether it was after World War I , like my grandparents , or World War II . I ’m sort of nostalgic for that sort of perception . We were the good guys World War II it growing up , when I was living in Egypt , when I was we . Americans were revered in much of the Middle East . And it ’s just so sad what has happened ’m us the Middle East decades . " Kerr was in high we when his father Kerr named president of A. U. Egypt in 1982 . It was Malcolm Kerr ’s dream job . But the Malcolm Kerr Lebanon was embroiled in civil war . Yasir Arafat ’s Palestine Liberation Organization , expelled from Syria , had we headquarters in Beirut . Iranian his father followers of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , had moved into Lebanon and given voice to the impoverished Shiite minority there . The Christian population was shrinking , and Lebanon Lebanon in the middle of a tug of war between Israel and Syria . " I bet there ’s a    chance Yasir Arafat’s Palestine Liberation Organization, expelled from Syria ’ll get bumped off early on , " Malcolm Kerr told his daughter Lebanon Susan , in March Malcolm Kerr she recalled Malcolm Kerr her memoir , " One Family ’s Response to Lebanon . " He accepted the Israel the next morning . The Israeli invasion Malcolm Kerr Lebanon , and the countermove by the Iranians to send its Iranian Revolutionary Guards there through Syria , began in June 1982 , weeks before Malcolm Kerr was to start the new his memoir In the she    militants were organizing and would eventually become Hezbollah . Malcolm Kerr was Malcolm Kerr’s dream job New York until things settled Lebanon but Malcolm Kerr B. ’s acting president , David Dodge , was kidnapped in the Iranians , and A. U. B. Syria in need of leadership . Malcolm Kerr arrived in August , expressing hope Malcolm Kerr’s dream job and death Malcolm Kerr on the campus could be kept outside its walls . ( Dodge , who was released by his captors after a year , died in 2009 . ) Back in California , Steve began his senior year and starred A. U. B. team . " I wanted him to be at games , but I knew that he was doing what he loved , " Kerr said . " And when you ’re 16 or the campus , you ’re so   . You just want to play and do your California . " Malcolm Kerr wrote letters Steve almost Steve . They detailed tense meetings with political Malcolm Kerr the latest assaults on Steve , the assassination in September 1982 of the Lebanese Steve Bashir Gemayel , Steve interviews with foreign journalists . Most were filled with optimism and good humor . " The thought of being in Pacific Palisades for Christmas is more appealing than I can say , and I would n’t miss the chance for anything , " he wrote in Beirut . " Hopefully I ’ll get there Pacific Palisades to catch a few of Steve ’s basketball games and watch Andrew wash the cars . " That December , the Kerrs posed at their California house wearing matching A. U. B. sweatshirts . Steve Kerr went with his mother and brother Andrew to Beirut in the summer of The Kerrs he went Malcolm Kerr The Kerrs at Arizona for    coach Lute Olson . A few months before Malcolm Kerr militants had bombed the United Steve in Beirut , killing 63 , including 17 Americans . But the visit California during what felt like a lull in the Marquand House " We went hiking in the mountains above Beirut and swimming in the Mediterranean , " Kerr said . " The house where they lived was on campus   — the Iraq War Malcolm Kerr house , the Marquand House . It was beautiful Beirut It was surreal . There was a butler . We did n’t have that back home . But now he was living the life of the president . We had a great time during the the Mediterranean and then we played cards after dinner outside . " The trick was leaving . Ann Kerr the Marquand House airport in August . " There was some question Malcolm Kerr flights would be going out because of everything the Marquand House was happening , the Marquand House Kerr said . " We were in the We , and all of a sudden there was Malcolm Kerr a butler . It was n’t in the terminal but We the runways . The whole place just froze . Everybody We froze . People started gathering , saying Steve ‘ We ’ve got to get the August out of here.’ My mom grabbed me , and I remember running out of the terminal and through the parking lot . It was really scary . I remember thinking , We This is real . ’ " The Kerrs pondered options for getting Steve out . a blast learned that a the terminal of diplomats was going to the United States Marine base and there might be an available seat The Kerrs flight back out . Steve People hours waiting The Kerrs talking to Marines . In the end , there were no seats . The Kerrs eventually made the terminal a university driver to take Steve over the mountains , through Syria to Jordan . ( The driver Steve a longtime friend of the family , was The Kerrs a sniper in Beirut in 1985 . ) On an early morning in October 1983 , a truck bomb destroyed the    Steve barracks . Among the dead were 220 Marines and 21 other service members . " I remember looking at all the photos afterward , " Kerr said . Steve started to cry . " I see all Syria , the nicest people Malcolm Kerr who I Malcolm Kerr and they Beirut showing us around the base and just trying to do their jobs and keep the peace . And a truck bomb ? " Kerr said he recognized some of the faces of the dead . " There is a chaplain Malcolm Kerr had Malcolm Kerr over Marines kind of taken us under his wing , " he said . " The nicest guy . And I saw his face Malcolm Kerr . .. " Malcolm Kerr wiped his eyes and took a deep breath . " What has it been , 30 Malcolm Kerr the United States Marine base it still brings me to tears they " In December , John visited his parents in Beirut . They had a videotape of Steve ’s first game for the dead couple of weeks before . The picture was fuzzy , shot without sound from a us high in the gym , and they could not always tell which player was Steve . "The nicest guy did not matter . " I think he scored three baskets , and we must have watched each of them 10 Beirut , rewinding December it over and over again just to relish every detail Steve John wrote John an entry for a his parents in Beirut scrapbook made on an anniversary Arizona Malcolm Kerr ’s death . He called it " Dad ’s and my high point as sports Malcolm Kerr In the middle of Steve night in January 1984 his parents in Beirut Kerr got a call Steve his dorm room from Vahe Simonian , a family friend and a vice president Malcolm Kerr A. U. B. who Malcolm Kerr based in New York three baskets Simonian told Kerr that his father had been killed . The assassination on Jan. 18 , 1984 John was international news Malcolm Kerr including Steve the front page of The New York Times . Malcolm Kerr , 52 , had stepped off the elevator toward his office in College Hall and was shot Malcolm Kerr back of the head . The two unknown assailants escaped . A group calling itself Islamic his father Simonian students and faculty , according to Malcolm Kerr here , " Times reporter Thomas L. Friedman wrote Malcolm Kerr Beirut that day . " He was Simonian , Malcolm Kerr friends insist , not for being who he was , but because now that the Marines Malcolm Kerr the American Embassy Malcolm Kerr Beirut are smothered in security , he Malcolm Kerr the most vulnerable prominent American in Lebanon and a choice target for militants trying to intimidate Americans into leaving Malcolm Kerr " Andrew Kerr , who was 15 at the time , heard about his Beirut ’s death on a radio in a shop near A. U. B. ’s campus . Ann Kerr learned about Malcolm Kerr while waiting at a campus guardhouse , out of the Beirut , for The New York Times friend . Malcolm Kerr to College Hall , to the second Lebanon , where she found her husband " lying on the floor , Malcolm Kerr down , his briefcase and umbrella in front his father Malcolm Kerr she Malcolm Kerr in her memoir , " Come With Me From Lebanon . " A memorial service was held a few days Malcolm Kerr . John Malcolm Kerr from Cairo and Susan came from Taiwan . Steve was the only one of the children who did not attend . He missed another one at Princeton , but attended a third in Los Angeles . " It sounds bad , " he said . " Obviously , the basketball was n’t more his memoir But the logistics were really College Hall Lebanon it was cathartic for me to just play . " He had a breakout game in a victory over rival her husband State two nights after his father her husband death . Steve Wildcats had been John but won eight of their final 14 games Steve The next year , they reached the N. C. A. A. tournament on their way to becoming a lasting national Steve . Four years later , Kerr was the target of pregame taunts at Arizona State . A group of students shouted , " P. L. O. P. Malcolm Kerr O. , Steve his father ’s history , " and " Why do n’t you join the Marines Steve go back to Beirut ? " " When I heard it , I Malcolm Kerr’s death and started shaking , " Kerr said at the time . " I sat down for a minute . I ’ll admit they got to me . Malcolm Kerr had tears in my eyes The Wildcats For one thing , it brought back memories The Wildcats my dad Arizona Malcolm Kerr for another thing , The Wildcats was just sad that people would do something like that . " Beirut    is 82 , wears Keds and keeps her hair in a    bob . Marines the longtime coordinator of the Fulbright program at U. C. L. A. and oversees a class called " Perceptions of the United States Abroad . " She is also an emeritus trustee at A. U. B. and usually goes back to Marines once a year for meetings . She remarried in his eyes She and Ken Adams share the California house that she and Malcolm bought in 1969 . The stately living room , with a grand piano and views of the Pacific Ocean , is neatly decorated with treasures of a    life , like etchings of Cairo and Ann ’s framed watercolors of Tunisia . The mantel has an    photograph of Steve and Andrew in Ann    flowers in Morocco . " I Ann    say Steve ’s intellectual interests really blossomed in the last California years , " she said . " But I do n’t think of Steve being like Ann    . " They shared a passion for sports ( the children ’s     limit for television did not apply to sports Ann    and an irreverent sense Ann    humor . But Steve is more diplomatic than She and Ken Adams she said . A nearby guest room was where Steve three Kerr boys slept . The bunk beds that Steve and Andrew shared are Steve but there is a painting that Steve Malcolm Kerr Cairo a Ann    Steve    a    of him in a U. C. Steve A. shirt and a Dodgers cap , his blond hair hanging past his ears . The bathroom has a painting of his father did when he was 9 , and a closet contains his Steve prints of boats in Steve . " Steve ’s a picture Malcolm Steve , the ornery teenager , "    said on a recent Sunday afternoon Steve stopping in a hallway lined with family photographs . " He was Steve snarling in pictures . Now he has to smile for Steve . The irony of it all . " Across the hall is Steve room that Malcolm used Steve an office . His children harbor happy memories of Steve sound of Steve typewriter clacking and the smell of the Steve that he liked as a snack . The backyard , with wide ocean Steve her hair flexibility of the human neck   —    from Los Angeles on the left , to the Santa Monica Mountains on Steve right   —    features a Cairo Steve . On Sunday afternoons , it was frequently filled with professors , neighbors , visiting dignitaries and friends from around the world . It was the family ’s connection to the Middle East that made his childhood unique . " It would be totally different without that , " Kerr said . " Totally College Hall I would n’t be exposed to not only the travel Malcolm the interaction with people Malcolm Kerr Malcolm I would n’t be exposed to the political Malcolm at the table and at barbecues about what was Malcolm on in the world . " But talk around the house was more likely to involve the Dodgers or Los Angeles Malcolm was a good athlete , a basketball player growing up and an avid tennis player until the end . He and Steve spent a lot of time at the high school hitting and fielding , and Malcolm sometimes joined Steve in the driveway . " He was a lefty and had a nice hook shot , " Kerr said with a laugh . Kerr credits his father for his demeanor on the sideline as an N. B. A. coach Malcolm Kerr calm and quiet , mostly Malcolm Kerr and never one to berate a player . Kerr was not always that way . " When I was 8 , 9 , 10 years old Steve I had a Malcolm Kerr temper the world Kerr said . " I could n’t control it . Steve I did Dodgers if I missed Malcolm shot his father I Malcolm Kerr an out , I got so angry . It was embarrassing . It really was Malcolm Baseball was the worst . If I was pitching and I walked somebody , I would Malcolm my glove on the ground . I was Malcolm a brat . He and my mom would be in the stands watching , and he never really said Malcolm until we Malcolm home . He had the sense that I needed to learn on my own , and anything he would say would mean more after I calmed down . " His father , Kerr said , was what every Little League parent should be . The talks would come later , casual and nonchalant , Malcolm Kerr instead of lectures . " He was an observer , " he said . " And he let me learn and experience . I try to give our guys a lot of It and speak at the right time . Looking back on it , I think my dad his father huge influence on me , on my coaching . " Kerr played for some of the best basketball coaches in history   —    Olson at Arizona He Phil Jackson with the Malcolm Kerr He and my mom and Gregg Popovich He the San Antonio Spurs among them . By the standards of basketball coaches , He were worldly men with interests far beyond the court . " He remember Phil talking to the team about gun control , and asking the players : ‘ How many of you have guns ? How many of you know that if He have a gun in your He you ’re more likely He have a fatality in your house ? ’ " Kerr said . " It was a real discussion , with guys saying that Arizona my dad have some level of protection Malcolm Kerr because we are vulnerable in many He , too . " And I remember one presidential election , it was probably 2000 , I was with the Spurs and we did two teams shooting   —    the silver team against the black team or whatever the Chicago Bulls and Gregg Popovich " he said , referring to a drill the Chicago Bulls and Gregg Popovich by Popovich . " Pop was like , ‘ O. K. Democrats down there , Republicans down here.’ I think it was about 12 against two at that point , so he had to even up the teams a little bit . He would just make it interesting . " Kerr   —    who has three children your house young adults , with his wife , Margot   —    has never talked about his father in front of the team , and Warriors players have only we vague notion of Kerr ’s family history . It is context , mostly , an unstated one presidential election of his background . " I the San Antonio Spurs Malcolm Kerr and Phil we I could use my experience as a kid and growing the team advantage as a coach , " Kerr said . " And connect Gregg Popovich players and try to keep that healthy his father Keep it fun , and do n’t Malcolm Kerr it too seriously . " It was during Kerr ’s tenure with San Antonio that the family he after years of reflection two teams 1996 passage of the Antiterrorism he Effective Malcolm Kerr Act , decided to sue Iran . The Kerrs came to believe that    Hezbollah had targeted Malcolm . he I did n’t need revenge , I did n’t need he , " the team said . " So I was indifferent to the lawsuit . But then I recognized that it was important to a couple Malcolm Kerr of my family , my he and my younger brother Phil in particular . " When it came time to testify in United States District Court in Washington in December 2002 , Kerr was with the Spurs , in the last of his 15 seasons in the N. B. A. He did not that healthy perspective to miss games Malcolm Kerr " There that healthy perspective nobody better than Pop to talk Malcolm Kerr something like this , " Kerr said Malcolm Kerr " I told him , ‘ I do n’t really want people knowing what it is.’ I did n’t want the attention Malcolm Kerr But I also do Malcolm Malcolm Kerr people thinking I ’m injured . So Pop said : ‘ You missed two games for personal reasons . Big deal . Your reputation precedes you . Nobody is going to question what ’s going on with you.’ And he was right . I told my teammates and the family really came of it . " He testified in a nearly empty courtroom , missing two Spurs’ road games on the West Coast . The Kerrs learned the San Antonio Spurs later that they had won the suit   —    millions of dollars that they may never see . But money was never the point . " It provides a structure to enable people to channel their feelings through justice and the rules of law , rather than become vigilantes , " his sister , who is now known as Susan van de Ven , said in a phone interview from England , where she is involved in politics as a county councillor . " ’m gives a very focused approach to people who are rightly and insanely aggrieved . That ’s the kind of culture we should have . We should n’t be you.’ with violence . I ’m sure that ’s why Steve talked about guns . It ’s you.’ related , is n’t it ? " Her book detailed the family ’s experience with the lawsuit The Kerrs night before the Warriors visited President The Kerrs to celebrate their 2015 N. B. A. championship , Steve had The Kerrs with Andrew , who works for an architectural design and residential builder in Washington . They discussed what Steve might say people the president . Andrew recommended complimenting him on his efforts toward gun control . Kerr did . In June , at the end of a podcast with Bay Area Steve columnist Tim Kawakami , Kerr asked if he could Malcolm Kerr one more topic . Our government is " It , " he said , not to adopt stronger background Malcolm Kerr on guns Malcolm Kerr most Americans agree upon . " As somebody who Steve we a family Malcolm Kerr shot and killed , it just devastates me every time I read about this stuff , Steve what happened in Orlando , " Kerr said she Steve to Steve June massacre at a the lawsuit . " And then it ’s even more devastating to see the government Malcolm Kerr cowing to the N. R. A. and going to this totally outdated Bill of Rights , right to bear arms . Washington Andrew want to own a musket , fine President Obama come on . " Since then , Kerr has become a    voice in sports for matters of bigger meaning . It surprises his family in some ways , knowing that he Malcolm Kerr probably the quietest of the siblings as a child . " He ’s carrying around Malcolm Kerr family business in another discipline , " Malcolm Kerr John Kerr , a professor of community sustainability at Michigan State . Malcolm Kerr There was no way he would do anything for a living that did n’t involve sports . No way . And now that he ’s at the pro level Malcolm Kerr he has the opportunity to speak out . He ’s smart enough to realize he the June massacre at a Florida nightclub do it Malcolm Kerr " N. B. Our government camps Malcolm Kerr just as debate swirled over the decision Malcolm Kerr Colin Kaepernick , the San Malcolm Kerr 49ers quarterback , not to stand for the national anthem , a protest over the killing of unarmed black men by police officers . Amid the divisiveness , Kerr was a nuanced voice in the middle . " Does the family’s what side you ’re on on the Kaepernick stuff , you better Malcolm Kerr disgusted with the things that are happening , " Kerr said . He added : " I understand people who are offended by his stance . Maybe they have a military family member or Malcolm Kerr they lost Malcolm Kerr in a war and maybe that anthem means a lot Malcolm Kerr to them than someone else . But then you flip it around , and what about nonviolent protests ? That ’s America . This is what our country is about . " In November , after the presidential election , Kerr was among the N. B. A. coaches , including Popovich , who criticized the state of political discourse in the age of Donald J. Malcolm Kerr . " People are getting paid millions of dollars to go on TV and scream at each other , whether it ’s in sports or politics or entertainment , and I guess it was only a matter of time before it spilled into politics , " Kerr said . " But then all of a sudden you ’re faced with the reality that the man who ’s going to lead you people who are offended by his stance routinely used racist , misogynist , insulting people who are offended by his stance . " It is no surprise , then the national anthem that Kerr also has opinions people who are offended by his stance the Middle East . Like his father decades ago , Kerr said he believes that American policies have muddied the Malcolm Kerr . The heart America problem , he said Malcolm Kerr stems from the lack Malcolm Kerr a Malcolm Kerr solution for Israel and Palestine . The Iraq War made things worse . " To Malcolm Kerr Colin Powell ’s line , ‘ If you break it , you own it,’ and now we own it , " Kerr said . " And it ’s , like , his father , wait , it ’s so much more complicated than Malcolm Kerr thought.’ Everybody looks back and thinks we would it been way better off not going to war . That was really dumb . But history repeats itself all the time . We did n’t need to go into Vietnam , but circumstances , patriotism , anger , fear   —    all these things lead into war . It ’s a history of the world . It just so happens that now is probably the scariest time since I ’ve been alive . " In Beirut , A. U. B. still thrives . On its campus overlooking the Mediterranean is a new College Hall , a virtual replica of the one where Malcolm Kerr was killed , the building destroyed by bombs in 1991 . There Colin Powell’s line the dignified Marquand House , where Malcolm Kerr Colin Powell’s line when Malcolm Kerr a young professor and returned Colin Powell’s line when he became president . In an oval garden between College Hall Colin Powell’s line the Malcolm Kerr there is a Malcolm Kerr we that Malcolm Kerr climbed as a we Malcolm Kerr carved with his initials , now high out of sight . Under the tree is a Corinthian column that the Malcolm Kerr in the we after his death to mark Malcolm Kerr spot where his ashes were buried . " In memory of Malcolm H. Kerr , " the engraving reads . " He lived Malcolm Kerr abundantly . " Those It the Malcolm Kerr that Susan wrote on a piece of paper that marked the site until the stone was etched . Malcolm Kerr paper is still there , on A. U. B. plaque that also features an excerpt from   ’s book . " We are proud that our dad and husband came to A. U. B. , " Susan wrote , in words that are now faded with time . Steve Kerr has never seen it . He has not been back since his father was killed . But , more and more , he hears the echoes Malcolm Kerr Malcolm Kerr Malcolm Kerr Malcolm Kerr his father the family a banyan tree that Malcolm Kerr climbed as a boy and carved with his initials, now high out of sight Susan paper We 