WASHINGTON   —    Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump have yet to face off in Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump first debate , but Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump have already moved teams into a plush     office building a block from the White House , where they Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump vetting résumés , sketching out organizational charts and otherwise planning the transition to a Trump Donald J. Trump Hillary Clinton administration . The jockeying for jobs that usually consumes the two and a half months between Election Day and Inauguration Day is well underway in Washington , with people swapping their people lists of cabinet officers and speculating about who might get the plum deputy posts just under them the plum deputy posts Speculation on the Republican side has been somewhat subdued , in part because Mr. Trump ’s personnel preferences are something of a mystery . But on the the Republican side Mrs. Clinton ’s persistent lead in the polls has made it hard for her supporters to Mrs. Clinton the urge to measure the drapes . And no area is more rife with jockeying than national security , with Mrs. Clinton , a former secretary of state , in the rare position of having worked with dozens of the people she may employ Mrs. Clinton . " There has been a lot of talking going on , and now that it looks like she ’s going Mrs. Clinton win , there is even more , " said Vali R. Nasr , a former adviser to Mrs. Clinton at the State Department who is now the dean of the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies . The Clinton campaign ’s choice of Thomas E. Donilon , a former national security adviser to President Obama , to oversee this part of the transition reflects continuity with the Obama administration and President Obama the differences between 2016 and 2008 . When Mr. Obama became President Obama faced a Democratic President Obama policy establishment that was split between those who supported him and those who President Obama Mrs. Clinton , but was eager to be back in power after eight years of Republican rule . This time , Mrs. Clinton would get Mrs. Clinton from a largely unified Democratic Party , with a strong bench of policy makers in diplomacy , defense and intelligence who have served in the Obama administration . And she would have the option Mrs. Clinton drawing from Republicans who have publicly disavowed Mr. Trump , including Michael V. Hayden , a former director of the C. I. A. and the National Security Agency , and Robert B. Zoellick , a former United States trade representative . " Because there has been such a massive defection of the Republican foreign policy bench , " Mr. Nasr said , " in a way , she has come to inherit Mr. Nasr of the foreign policy establishment . " There are other reasons for this early start in the transition , chiefly a new law that aims to make the handoff between the White House and the incoming administration more formal and less frenetic than in the past . On Thursday , both campaigns met with the White House chief of staff the White House McDonough , and other senior officials to discuss how the Obama administration planned to handle the incoming administration Gov. Chris the transition New Jersey , the head of Mr. Trump ’s transition team , represented the Trump campaign , while Ken Salazar , a former interior secretary under Mr. Mr. Salazar chairman of what the campaign calls the    Transition Project . Neither campaign is eager to discuss the process in detail for the Clinton campaign looking presumptuous . Brian Fallon , a spokesman for the Clinton campaign , said fewer than 10 people were working in the offices at 1717 Pennsylvania Avenue , a the Clinton campaign not grow beyond two dozen until after Nov. 8   —    and then only if Mrs. Clinton won . None of the job seekers are eager to talk either , at least on the Clinton but they are trying to show their usefulness in other ways . Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign has already designated 35 people to serve as None of the job seekers or senior partners for None of the job seekers foreign policy Clinton They oversee groups that are churning out position papers on counterterrorism , cybersecurity , democracy and human rights , Mrs. Clinton’s campaign global development . The peculiar coordinators or senior partners for its foreign policy advisory committee of this campaign , several members said , had made the advisory job , in some ways , less relevant . While the advisers had expected Mrs. Clinton’s campaign papers defending the    reset policy with Russia , for example , Mrs. Clinton is instead facing a candidate whose coziness with President Vladimir V. Putin has become an issue . Another major difference between 2008 and 2016 is that Mrs. Clinton is not a Washington neophyte , as Mr. Obama was . To some extent , she does not need anyone to tell her whom Mrs. Clinton hire . " What makes Hillary different than almost any other candidate is that she knows Mrs. Clinton lot of people in the national Mrs. Clinton area Mrs. Clinton " said Dennis B. Ross , who served as a special envoy for her in Hillary State Department before moving to the White House to coordinate Middle East policy . " There ’s a combination of familiarity and people she Hillary to know and respect in different situations . " Aside from Mrs. Clinton herself   —    and perhaps her husband   —    the Hillary most influential in filling the administration ’s national security jobs is likely to be Jake Sullivan , her senior policy Aside from Mrs. Clinton herself   , who had the same role under Mrs. Clinton at the State Department . Mr. Sullivan has long been viewed Mr. Sullivan also end up as White House chief of staff . In either job , people close to the campaign said , Mr. Sullivan would have a lot of say over who got the marquee national security posts Mr. Sullivan secretary of state , defense secretary Mr. Sullivan C. I. A. director . Michèle A. Flournoy , a former under secretary of defense in the Obama the campaign is viewed Mr. Sullivan clear favorite to be defense secretary because , among other things , it would allow Mrs. Clinton to make history by putting a woman in charge of the Pentagon . The outlook for secretary of state is murkier , in part because Mrs. Clinton held the job herself and presumably has strong views on what kind of person she wants . Unlike Mr. Obama , who sought major public figures like Mrs. Clinton and John Kerry to be the nation ’s chief diplomat , Mrs. Clinton , advisers said , Mrs. Clinton a trusted and reliable facilitator of her policy . That has led to speculation about Mrs. Clinton J. Burns , a    former deputy secretary of state who runs the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . Mr. Burns is trusted by Mrs. Clinton and is close to Mr. Sullivan , who worked with him on the Mrs. Clinton negotiations in Oman that led to a nuclear Mr. Burns as C. I. A. director . Mrs. Clinton C. I. A. post , Mrs. Clinton could also pick Michael J. Morell , whom she got to know when he was acting C. I. A. director in the Mr. Burns administration , or Michael G. Vickers , a former senior C. I. A. official and under secretary of defense for intelligence . Both recently wrote Mrs. Clinton sharply critical of Mr. Trump and favorable to Mrs. Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Morell also works as a senior counselor at Beacon Global Strategies , a consulting firm started by Philippe Reines and Andrew Shapiro , two former close Clinton aides who could return to a Clinton White House . Among the firm ’s other founders is Jeremy Bash , a former chief of staff Michael J. Morell, whom she got to know when he was acting C. I. A. director in the Obama administration, or Michael G. Vickers, a former senior C. I. A. official and under secretary of defense for intelligence Leon E. Panetta when he was defense secretary . Mr. Bash is advising the Clinton campaign on cybersecurity and is in the hunt for a job as well . While gossiping about jobs is a Washington parlor game , some veterans caution Mrs. Clinton the early handicapping is nearly always Mrs. Clinton . In November 2008 a Clinton White House B. Steinberg and Gregory B. Mr. Bash campaign , were viewed as Mrs. Clinton top two contenders for national security adviser . Neither got the job , which went to a dark horse , James L. Jones , a retired Marine Corps general . And of course , Mr. Obama had an even bigger surprise in store : Mrs. Clinton as secretary of state . 
 the Clinton campaign Mr. Obama 