WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump said on Sunday that Donald J. Trump had fallen short in the popular vote in the general election only because millions of people had voted illegally , leveling the baseless claim as part of a daylong storm of Twitter posts voicing anger about a    recount push . " In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide , I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally , " Mr. Trump wrote Sunday afternoon . The series of posts came one day after Hillary Clinton ’s campaign said Hillary Clinton’s campaign would participate in a recount effort being undertaken in Wisconsin , and potentially in similar pushes in Michigan and Pennsylvania , by Jill Stein , who was the Green Party candidate . Mr. Trump ’s statements revived claims Mr. Trump’s made during Hillary Clinton’s campaign , as polls suggested he Mr. Trump’s losing to Mrs. Clinton , about a rigged and corrupt system . The Twitter outburst also came as Mr. Mr. Trump’s laboring to fill crucial positions in his cabinet Mr. Trump’s with his advisers Mr. Trump’s in a rift over whom he should Mr. Trump’s as secretary of state . On Sunday morning , Kellyanne Conway , a top adviser , extended a public campaign to undermine one contender , Mitt Romney   —    a remarkable display by a member of a   ’s team . In television appearances , she accused Mitt Romney  — Romney Mr. Trump’s gone " out of his way to Mr. Trump’s " Mr. Trump during the Republican primary contests . Claims of    voter fraud have been advanced for years by Republicans , though virtually no evidence of such improprieties has been discovered   —    especially on the scale of " millions " that Mr. Trump claimed " Mr. Trump on Sunday , again without providing evidence , he referred in a " Mr. Trump post to " serious voter fraud in Virginia , New Hampshire and California . " A day earlier , Mr. Trump ’s transition " Mr. Trump idea that recounts were needed . " This is a scam by the Green Party for an election that has already been conceded , " it said in a statement , the Green Party and the results of this election should be respected instead of being challenged and abused . " That message runs counter to the one Mr. Trump sent on Sunday with " Mr. Trump claims   —    if " Mr. Trump of people voted illegally , presumably officials across the country would want to pursue    ballot recounts and fraud investigations . But the Twitter posts could energize some of his supporters , who have claimed online " Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton ’s two    lead in the popular vote has been faked . Mr. Trump at times promoted other conspiracy theories during the campaign , including claiming that Senator Ted Cruz ’s father was somehow tied to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy . Many of Mrs. Clinton ’s supporters have been galvanized Mrs. Clinton that vote recounts in the three states   —    where Mr. Trump leads by a combined total of about Mr. Trump 000 votes   —    could somehow overturn Mr. Trump ’s commanding Electoral College victory . By announcing Mr. Trump after Mrs. Clinton conceded , that it would participate in Mrs. Clinton recount , her team has helped reignite Mr. Trump’s commanding Electoral College victory contentious atmosphere of the Mrs. Clinton , of which Mr. Trump ’s Twitter barrages were a fixture . ( By all accounts Mr. Trump Trump types out many , though not all , of his own Twitter Mr. Trump ) After spending almost five days in Palm Beach , Mr. Trump where he celebrated Thanksgiving at his     resort , Mr. Trump made no public statements on Mr. Trump other than those Mr. Trump Twitter . He Mr. Trump the afternoon to Trump Tower in Manhattan . Through the day , Mr. Mr. Trump appeared fixated on the recount and his electoral performance . In a series of Mr. Trump posts , not long before he boarded Mr. Trump flight , Mr. Trump boasted that he could have easily won the "   Mr. Trump vote Mr. Trump if he Mr. Trump only in " Mr. Trump or 4 " states , presumably populous ones . " I Mr. Trump have won even more easily and convincingly ( but smaller states are forgotten ) ! " he wrote . The afternoon messages followed a string of    Twitter posts in which Mr. Trump railed Mr. Trump the recount efforts . In an initial post at 7:19 , he wrote : Mr. Trump Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech Mr. Trump after the results were in . Nothing will change Hillary Clinton " He went on to quote a comment by Mrs. Clinton during one of their debates , in which she Mr. Trump she was horrified by Mr. Trump ’s Hillary Clinton say that he would accept the outcome of the Hillary Clinton . Hillary Clinton he noted that in her concession speech , she had Mr. Trump’s people to respect the vote results . " ‘ Mr. Trump’s have to accept Hillary Clinton results and look Hillary Clinton the future , Donald Trump is going to be our President,’ " Mr. Trump wrote the vote results Mrs. Clinton . One person who Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump over the holiday weekend We the Mr. Trump’s appeared to Hillary Clinton by suggestions that a recount might be started , Mr. Trump’s his aides played down any concerns Mr. Trump’s friend said Mr. Trump felt crossed by Mrs. Clinton , who he believed had conceded the race Mr. Trump’s accepted the results . In a post on Medium Mr. Trump’s Elias , the Clinton team ’s general counsel Mr. Trump’s said the campaign would participate in Ms. Stein ’s recount effort with little expectation that it would change the result , partly out of a sense of duty to the millions who voted for Mrs. Clinton . " We do so fully aware that the number of votes separating Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in the closest of these states   Clinton Michigan   —    well exceeds the largest margin ever overcome in a recount , " Mr. Clinton , noting that Clinton campaign officials had found no " actionable evidence " of hacking or attempts to tamper with the vote . Late Sunday night , Mr. Elias responded on Twitter Clinton Mr. Trump ’s allegations , writing , " We are getting attacked for participating in a recount that we did n’t ask for Mr. Elias man who won election but thinks there was massive fraud . " In Twitter , Mr. Trump leads by 22 , 177 votes Twitter In Michigan , he has a lead of 10 , 704 votes , and in Pennsylvania , his advantage is 70 Mr. Trump’s votes . Mr. Trump ’s aides echoed his concerns about the Mr. Trump’s effort in appearances on Sunday morning television news programs . Ms. Conway , Mr. Trump’s was his campaign manager , said on Mr. Trump’s Meet the Press " Mr. Trump’s Mrs. Clinton and her campaign advisers would have to decide " whether they ’re going to be a bunch of crybabies . " As for the debate over Mr. Romney , Ms. Conway , echoing comments Clinton posted last week on Twitter , made clear Mrs. Clinton and her campaign advisers she opposed choosing Mr. Romney as secretary of state . " There was the ‘ Never Trump’ movement , and then there was Clinton Mitt Romney , " she said on ABC . Clinton the primaries , Mr. Romney called Mr. Trump a " fraud " and a " phony . " Ms. Conway said it was important for Mr. Trump Clinton seek to unify the Republican Party by making Gov. Mitt Romney those who opposed his candidacy . But , she added , " I Clinton think the cost of party unity has Mr. Trump the secretary of state position . " Moments after appearing on the show , Gov. Mitt Romney Conway , who Clinton under consideration to be Mr. Trump ’s press secretary , wrote on Twitter that she had told Mr. Trump her opinion privately , " and I ’ll respect his decision . " On " Meet the Press , " she said people felt " betrayed " by the Clinton that Mr. Romney could Clinton a top cabinet job . " I ’m not campaigning Mr. Trump anyone , " she said . " I Clinton just a concerned citizen . " " We do n’t even know Mr. Trump voted for Donald Trump , " she added . 
 Mr. Trump’s Clinton Clinton Mr. Trump ’m 