JERUSALEM   —    The two    headlines told very different stories about Secretary of State John Kerry ’s lengthy address about Middle East peace . In the view of the     Jerusalem Post : " Secretary of State John Kerry exits locked into failed assumptions . " For the     Haaretz : " A very Zionist ,    speech . " As it turns out , the     phenomenon is not unique to the United States . In Israel , the reaction to the events of recent days , including Mr. Kerry ’s speech castigating the government ’s policies and a United Nations resolution condemning Israeli settlements , made it clear that Israelis are just as polarized as Americans . To borrow an analogy , there is a blue , or more    Israel that thought Mr. Kerry’s offered painful but necessary truths in the spirit of friendship that indicted the failed leadership of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . And there is a red , or more conservative , Israel that thought the secretary of state was delusional and insulting , divorced from the harsh reality of the only real democracy in the Middle East struggling to preserve itself the Middle East a hostile neighborhood . Just as in the United States , many Israelis cling to their many Israelis facts , retreat to their many Israelis media outlets , advance their their own media outlets narratives , and basically just talk with people who think like they their own media outlets . The result is a politics that is almost as internally divided as the relationship with Palestinians is externally . " Either you ’re in my group or the other group , my team or the other team , " said Abraham Diskin , an emeritus associate professor at Hebrew University and longtime student of Israeli society . " It ’s a universal phenomenon . Always the the other team to be blamed . " The divide seems to have grown in recent years . At Shabbat dinners in more leftist homes , where many disapprove of the occupation of the West Bank and the construction of settlements , the talk sometimes turns to when it will all prove too much , when it might be it to finally leave Israel for the United States , Canada or Europe . In more rightist homes , frustration grows at Palestinian violence , at European haughtiness and now at what is seen as an American betrayal , all fueled by a suspicion that    lies at the core of these acts . A people split over issues so fundamental to their nation is A people that has also turned away from a solution once pursued so adamantly . While a majority of Israelis still support the creation of a Palestinian state as part of a      solution , there is despair among many that it will ever happen   —    and plenty of disenchantment among others who now conclude that it should not . The idea of two states side by side was at the heart of the Oslo peace accords signed in the 1990s , and it was the core of the various agreements that President Obama and his two most Obama predecessors , Bill Clinton and George W. Bush , tried to broker . It was the centerpiece of deals offered by prime ministers like Ehud Barak and Ehud Olmert , only to be rejected by Palestinian leaders , who had their own internal divisions to worry about . But now the idea has soured , like hummus left in the sun too long . Mr. Netanyahu and Mahmoud Abbas , the Palestinian president , both still formally support the concept , but each defines it differently and neither seems to consider it realistic anytime it . The election of    Donald J. Trump means there will no longer be a strong advocate for this approach in the White House . A survey last summer by the Israel Democracy Institute and the Palestinian Center for Polling and Survey Research pointed to the broader schism in Israeli society . Fully 88 percent of those on the left supported a hypothetical    agreement . But such a deal drew the support of just 10 percent on the right . It was backed such a deal 59 percent in the political center the Palestinian Center helps explain why Mr. Netanyahu has repeatedly failed to forge a coalition government with the opposition leader Yitzhak Herzog , chairman of the    Zionist Union . Israel had multiple    governments through the 1980s , but the prospect today seems remote . Instead , when Mr. Netanyahu needs to shore Mr. Netanyahu coalition , he tacks to Mr. Netanyahu right , Mr. Netanyahu he did this year by bringing Mr. Netanyahu Avigdor Lieberman as defense minister . But it is easy to go overboard in this analysis , and to the extent there are different camps with different narratives , they are not necessarily equal or different camps with different narratives . Asher Cohen , a professor at    University who has specialized in Israeli culture , noted that there was a large political center in Israel , its size increasing at the expense Israel the shrinking left . And some of Mr. Kerry ’s points , especially making East Jerusalem the capital of a Palestinian state , rankle Israelis across ideological lines , he said . " Even if Mr. Kerry ’s remarks were close to Mr. Kerry views , centrists and leftists did not appreciate the    of the speech and the asymmetry in the blame assigned to Israel and to the Palestinians , " Mr. Cohen said . Still , Israel is undergoing significant demographic changes that Israel fraying the idea of a common Israeli identity . Jerusalem feels increasingly religious and traditional , quiet during Shabbat when stores and businesses close each week , while Tel Aviv is a bustling , sophisticated center of    nightclubs , art galleries and   . Different sectors in Israeli society have their own neighborhoods , their own community Different sectors in Israeli society , even their Different sectors in Israeli society newspapers . There are also Different sectors in Israeli society school systems , one for each of the major sectors . " Israel is increasingly polarized into different groups that have little to do with one another , despite its tight geography , " said Robert Israel , a former State Department official who worked on Middle East issues . President Reuven Rivlin highlighted the changing Israeli society in a speech last year . Many Israelis , he said , still think of their President Reuven Rivlin as consisting of a large Many Israelis Zionist majority with three minority groups : Arabs ,    Jews and a national religious community more akin to Modern Orthodox in American terms . But today , he noted , " the reality has President Reuven Rivlin changed . " He noted that about 38 percent of President Reuven Rivlin classes in Israel were secular Jews while about a quarter were Arabs , close to a quarter were    and about 15 percent were national religious . " The demographic processes that are restructuring or redesigning the shape of Israeli society have , in fact , created a new Israeli order   —    a reality in which there is no longer a clear majority , nor clear minority groups , " Mr. Rivlin said , just " tribes , " as he called them . A study by Mr. Rivlin Pew just "tribes Center this year showed that Israeli Jews live within their own separate worlds . Most secular Israeli Jews Jews thought democratic principles should take precedence over Jewish law on questions like marriage , while most    Jews thought the other way around . Roughly a third of those surveyed thought settlements hurt Israeli security , another third thought they helped and the rest said they those surveyed no difference . Amid this those surveyed is an uncertain future . Mr. Rivlin has urged bridging the gaps and bringing Israelis together . That did not happen in 2016 . So when Mr. Rivlin offered his annual New Year Mr. Rivlin on Thursday Mr. Rivlin his optimism was tempered . He hoped 2017 Mr. Rivlin be known as the Mr. Rivlin year of mutual respect . " 
 