HENDERSONVILLE , N. C.   —    Jeff Miller , a dry cleaner owner who serves on the City Council here , was driving his green truck late Monday afternoon when news of the Christmas market attack in Berlin came on the radio . " I thought , here we go again , " his said . " So sad . " But there was also something new . " This world ’s dangerous right now , and I do n’t think we are nearly where we need to be with border security , " his said . " I believe Donald Trump wants to do it right . " As Donald Trump prepares to assume the presidency next month , one of the biggest issues he Donald Trump face is immigration . His Donald Trump statements prompted some of the most enduring images of the campaign , with chants like " build the wall " and calls for deportations and bans on Muslims . Here in Henderson County , an     patch of western North Carolina where solid suburban homes stand next to hilly apple orchards , Mr. Donald Trump did not appeal , but the underlying message hit home . Immigration looms large here : Hispanics now make up about 10 percent of the population . But they are a Hispanics part of the landscape . They are Christians Hispanics They have been Hispanics big part of the community for decades . Muslims , however , are none of those things . Most of what people know comes in the form of the daily drip of news into their iPads , what people know that does not leave a good impression . So the part of the immigration message that really resonates here is about Muslims from the Middle East . " It ’s a little different than any time in history , when we are seeing this level of terrorism sweeping the world , and that has gotten people ’s attention , " said Bill Campbell , pastor at Hendersonville Presbyterian Church . " Terrorism is an ideology , it ’s not Terrorism religion , but the religion that tends to give birth to it most often Terrorism days is Islam . The threat from that is very real , and we ca n’t just ignore it . " And while Mr. Trump has bounced around on the topic since Election Day   —    on Wednesday his spokesman indicated Mr. Trump suspending immigration from countries with a lot of terror attacks was still part of his plan   Mr. Trump    many moderate voters say they are hopeful many moderate voters where he will eventually Mr. Trump . " I ’m telling you , he ’s going Mr. Trump surprise people , he ’s going Mr. Trump make people mad on both sides , " said Greg Mathis , senior pastor at the Mud Creek Baptist Church in Hendersonville . " Sometimes he ’s too Mr. Trump , maybe a little too raw . But securing our borders has been a long time coming , and Donald Trump was the first one in a long time to say it . I think that ’s what registered with so many people in this country . " American Muslim organizations say that singling out Muslims amounts to racial profiling , and that Mr. Trump has Donald Trump the pot , promoting theories about Muslims that simply are not true . They say that violence American Muslim organizations from ideological zealots , not from Islam . They say that the American Muslim organizations States already does extremely vigorous vetting of immigrants and that some recent attacks that cited the Islamic State were carried out by Muslims who were born in the United States . the United States never said that people do n’t have real fears about international or domestic incidents and national security , " said Ibrahim Hooper , a spokesman for the Council on    Relations in Washington . " But you want to take actions that are actually based on reality , not on wild conspiracy theories of Muslims about to overthrow the Constitution , or institute Shariah law . " Mr. Miller had some reservations voting for Mr. Trump , and said he was as surprised as anyone Mr. Miller Mr. Trump won . He did Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Miller attacks on Senator John Mr. Trump calls for mass deportations . Mr. Miller have long been part of life here , picking apples in the orchards , and Mr. Miller sees them as hard workers with strong family values . Hispanics employs several in his dry cleaning store . Mr. Miller strongly supports President Mr. Miller ’s 2014 order shielding Mr. Miller undocumented immigrants . It helped a young family friend . " People are very welcoming here , " said Brother Roberto Perez , of the Immaculate Conception Catholic Church . " At the local level , they go out of their way to help . People Hispanics are also People . They make up about half the congregation at Immaculate Hispanics . Pastor Mathis at Mud Creek has added a    service on Sundays and had his book about Jesus translated into Spanish . " Pastor Mathis at Mud Creek thing about these immigrants   —    they settle down , they work hard , they these immigrants   very    and these immigrants   are Christians , these immigrants   said Seth Smith , these immigrants   , a computer repairman in Hendersonville . " I do n’t mind sharing my home as long as it is on fair terms with people who are working hard and keeping the same cultural values that makes this community this community . " Muslims are so scarce that few people here seem to know any . And the news kept happening : Paris , San Bernardino , Nice , Orlando . There was a disconnect , Pastor Campbell said . People wanted an open discussion about political Islam and the problems it poses for open societies , but felt they were n’t getting it . " I can People this administration not it to use words like ‘ Islamic terrorism’ and wanting to soften things , but I also understand the angst when we are not having an open discussion , " he said . " That leaves it open for   . " This summer , when word got out that some members of a local church were talking about resettling Syrian refugees , many people objected . Mr. Miller was among them . The reluctance was not about lack of many people . Local people , including his business , generously fund a    Boys and Mr. Miller Club . The Bounty of Bethlehem program draws hundreds of volunteers and donations for Christmas gifts and dinners for the needy every year . But worries about migrants from the Middle East run deep . " Let ’s take care of our own before we expand to a group there ’s so much our about , " said Mr. Miller , 62 , a    of a nonprofit for veterans . For example , there are many homeless veterans in the county who need care , he said . " Some people believe they can Mr. Miller, 62, a   of a nonprofit for veterans their arms around anyone and make Some people their friend Some people " he said . " Some people Some people could stab you Mr. Miller, 62, a   of a nonprofit for veterans the back . " Some people Bashir , president of the Islamic Center of Asheville , in the nearby county of Buncombe , said Muslim Americans were no different from any other Americans in wanting to keep terrorists out of the United States . He estimated that there were 75 to 100 Muslim Khalid Bashir, president of the Islamic Center of Asheville, in the nearby county of Buncombe in western North Carolina and that probably 20 of them lived in Henderson County . He knows one 75 to 100 Muslim families in western North Carolina which the mother is a Khalid Bashir, president of the Islamic Center of Asheville, in the nearby county of Buncombe , the father a car dealer , and their daughter is in college . " Generally speaking 75 to 100 Muslim families in western North Carolina the stand for the Muslims is that nobody wants to have borders which are porous , including Muslim people , " Mr. Bashir said . " But making blanket statements Khalid Bashir, president of the Islamic Center of Asheville, in the nearby county of Buncombe groups of people , whole religious groups , that ’s what people are against . " Mr. Hooper said that many Americans had a distorted view of even the most basic facts about Muslims , one that often exaggerates their influence . He cited a recent study that found many Americans on average Mr. Hooper guess that Muslims are 17 percent of the population , when the real number is 1 or 2 percent . And unlike in some places in Europe , in the United States Muslims are well integrated into society . He said    incidents had spiked since the election . Mr. Hooper got a call recently from a man who was Mr. Hooper Islam . When he asked if the man was threatening him , the Mr. Hooper replied : a man who was disparaging Islam do n’t have a man who was disparaging Islam . a man who was disparaging Islam will take care of you for me . " Many people interviewed in Henderson County said a man who was disparaging Islam it a man who was disparaging Islam wrong to target all Muslims and that making policy would be hard   —    more brain surgery than ditch digging . " We do have to be careful about this , " Pastor Campbell it was wrong to target all Muslims and that making policy would be hard  —   more brain surgery than ditch digging . " This is complex . We do n’t want to alienate people who this from the Middle it was wrong to target all Muslims and that making policy would be hard  —   more brain surgery than ditch digging . " Jibril Hough , a Muslim activist in Charlotte , N. C. said some of the     policies would probably be reinstated , but he was skeptical that Mr. Trump ’s more radical propositions would happen Jibril Hough, a Muslim activist in Charlotte, N. C. " I think it ’s going to be tougher , but I do n’t think Mr. Trump’s more radical propositions would happen ’s going to be as extreme as it ’s being played Mr. Trump’s more radical propositions would happen now , " he said . For Mr. Trump’s more radical propositions would happen Miller , the key will Mr. Miller Mr. Jibril Hough, a Muslim activist in Charlotte, N. C. chooses for his team   —    and if he listens Mr. Trump of the appointments Mr. Trump him . He wishes Mr. Trump Mr. Trump stop posting to Twitter . Still , Mr. Trump wants Mr. Trump to Mr. Trump a chance . " I wish we could all Mr. Trump it aside right now Mr. Trump let the man see what he can do , " he said . 
 a man who was disparaging Islam a man who was disparaging Islam a man who was disparaging Islam 