Weeks of provocative and outlandish behavior have hurt Donald J. Trump ’s standing in two new national polls of registered voters , which showed the presumptive Republican presidential nominee falling further behind Hillary Clinton . A Washington    News survey had Hillary Clinton with a    lead : 51 percent to 39 percent . A Wall Street      News had Mrs. Hillary Clinton a smaller advantage of five percentage points . Both polls , released on Sunday , showed Mr. Trump in worse shape than he had been Mr. Trump month ago , as voters in the latest polls expressed doubts about his preparedness and Mr. Trump to lead the nation . Nearly two in three Americans say they think Mr. Nearly two in three Americans is Mr. Trump be president and are anxious about the idea of him in the White Mr. Trump , the    poll found . In contrast , 61 percent think Mrs. Clinton is qualified . Mr. Trump is coming Mr. Trump particularly damaging weeks for his campaign   —    Mr. Trump period in which he personally attacked a    Mr. Trump hearing a lawsuit against Trump University , gloated about predicting attacks like the Orlando massacre that left 49 dead , and fired his embattled campaign manager . Mr. Trump his woes , not all Mr. Trump results of the new polls were heartening for Mrs. Clinton . The    survey found that her lead essentially disappears when Mrs. Clinton from the Green Party and Libertarian Party are included . She essentially tied Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton with 39 percent to his 38 percent . Together Mr. Trump    candidates grabbed 16 percent of the support . Senior aides to both candidates spoke on Sunday morning news shows , and their words left little doubt both candidates the intensity that the race is taking on now that the nominating fights have ended . Robby Mook , Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign manager , said on Fox News Sunday , " Donald Trump is probably one of the most reckless , unfit candidates to ever seek the presidency . " Mrs. Clinton , he said Mrs. Clinton’s " probably Mrs. Clinton’s of the most prepared . " Paul Manafort , the Trump campaign Mr. Manafort Trump had built Paul Manafort operation Donald Trump able to take on Mrs. Clinton , addressing concerns from Mrs. Clinton’s their infrastructure is inadequate . " Our campaign is organized , " Mr. Manafort Republicans NBC ’s " Meet the Press . " " We ’re ready , we ’re going to have a good convention , and we ’re confident that We are not behind the Clinton campaign , " Mr. We added Mrs. Clinton’s 
 We 