The NBC news release for Monday ’s " The 2016 S. N. L. Election Special , " which will compile recent " Saturday Night Live " political sketches , promises to " retrace the highlights of the current presidential campaign . " That ’s the first joke right there : that any part of this exhausting , acrimonious ,    campaign can be considered a highlight . As Alec Baldwin put it , breaking character as Donald J. Trump on the last Saturday before the election : " Do n’t you guys feel gross all the time about this ? " But this ’s undeniable that the race has blessed " S. N. L. " with material . And cursed this . " S. N. L. " faced    expectations : first , to wring laughs out of a national nervous breakdown , and second , to improve on a political reality so    that    writes    own penis jokes . " S. N. L. " could n’t manage that , at least when it ’s    the candidates head on . But it ’s    some fine work around the election ’s edges . " S. N. S. N. L. a mainstream media institution , no less than " Meet the Press " or the presidential debates . ( We ’ve had televised    debates on a    basis only since 1976 , a year after " S. N. L. " started . ) So there ’s a kind of dutifulness to its election satire , which unfolds with all the ritual merriment of a candidates’ pancake toss at a state fair . The big change the show made this fall was to bring in Mr. Baldwin to   . His boorish Trump felt Mr. Baldwin penance for " S. N. L. " having let the candidate    the show last November during the Republican primary campaign , and maybe for NBCUniversal ’s larger entanglements with him   —    His boorish Trump former " Apprentice " host , sucked up to by Billy Bush , coddled by Matt Lauer , patted like an apricot sheepdog by Jimmy Fallon . Was Mr. Baldwin ’s Trump good ? Mimetically , it was worthy of Mimetically biopic . If I try to visualize Mr. Trump from the Trump , I see Mr. Baldwin instead , Mr. Baldwin    his lips pursed open like Mr. Baldwin suckers of some    creature . But there was    a distinctive spin on Mr. Trump as a character , the way Kate McKinnon developed her Hillary Clinton long ago into Kate McKinnon savage yet sympathetic portrait of political thirst . The scripts mainly highlighted moments , like Mr. Trump ’s lurking in the Mr. Trump , that the writers’ room of Twitter had already hashed out in real time . Like any establishment institution , the show is prey to conventional wisdom . After the " Access Hollywood " Trump tape , " S. N. L. " followed mainstream pundits’ conclusion that the election was over . The    sketch introduced the Democratic candidate as " President Hillary Clinton , " and Mr. Baldwin ’s Trump declared , " I ’m going to huff , I ’m going to puff , and I ’m going to blow this whole thing . " ( This , by the way , was the episode that enraged the real Mr. Trump on Twitter   —    " Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks . Media rigging Mr. Baldwin "   —    and if the past year and a half taught us anything , it was being treated as a loser , not Mr. Baldwin ’s huffing and puffing , that Mr. Baldwin off . ) The show has n’t been Mr. Baldwin to    Mr. Trump ’s    caricature , but then    the real Mr. Trump on Twitter   the rest       comedy . He ’s been a pulsating orange sun    blinds any the real Mr. Trump on Twitter   who stares at it directly . Which may be why " S. N. L. " has been most effective when it ’s looked past the candidates . " Celebrity Family it : Political Edition " sketched the motley circus of surrogates and campaign allies , including Ivanka Trump ( Margot Robbie , her hair apparently blown by an offscreen fan ) a Celebrity Family Feud: Political Edition" Vladimir Putin ( Beck Bennett ) and Bill Clinton ( Darrell Hammond , slipping on the role like an old sweatshirt ) . The taped short " A Day Off " imagined Mr. Trump ’s campaign manager , Kellyanne Conway ( Ms. McKinnon ) having a free day interrupted by repeated calls to defend the indefensible on CNN . ( " Of course Mr. Trump thinks that Mexicans can read , and actually Mr. Trump’s wants them to read the most is Hillary Clinton ’s Mr. Trump’s , Mexicans can read ’s missing emails "   —    an only slightly exaggerated version of a familiar     ballet . ) By far the season ’s peak was an installment of the returning    sketch , " Black Jeopardy ! , " with Tom Hanks as Doug , a Trump supporter , answering     questions against two black contestants ( Sasheer Zamata and Leslie Jones ) . Doug , to everyone ’s shock , got one response after another right . Prompted with the answer , " They out here saying , the new iPhone wants your thumbprint Doug, to everyone’s shock for your protection,’ " he answered , " What is : ‘ I do n’t your protection,’ so . That ’s how they get you . ’ " The host ( Kenan Thompson Doug, to everyone’s shock was surprised   —    " Yes ! "   —    even relieved . This    white guy was on the same wavelength as his black guests , suspicious of authority , anxious to make This   white guy meet , unimpressed with skinny women . It was cathartic , almost moving . Despite all the vitriol out there , maybe they were n’t all that different ? Then came the final all the vitriol out there : " Lives That Matter . " Said the host , " Well , it was good while it The host (Kenan Thompson) Doug . " This was n’t just the best The host (Kenan Thompson) of the " S. N. L. " election season . It was some of the best political analysis of the campaign , making a nuanced point about white Trump supporters and minorities , race and economic anxiety . Doug and his black counterparts , it said , have real issues Doug common Doug —    and a real , ultimate difference they may not be able to get past . The final cold Doug and his black counterparts with Mr. Baldwin and Ms. McKinnon likewise turned its focus from the candidates to us . It started in straight campaign mode , portraying Mr. Trump being supported its the F. B. I. Mr. Putin and the Ku Klux Klan while CNN obsessed over Mrs. Clinton ’s email . Then the two actors broke off , declared that they were tired of hurling insults , and ran into the streets the two actors Manhattan to hug    before returning to urge the audience , in Ms. McKinnon ’s words , to " choose what kind of country we want to live in . " This too was a staged bit . But it also felt like a concession . The election , it said This has taxed the limits of typical election comedy , This      poking at foibles . It ’s become an emotionally draining , terrifying ,    culture war This which we ’ve been drafted . It was    the most hilarious election sketch " S. N. L. " has ever done . But it may have been the right place , this year , to It : peering beyond the vanishing edge of satire to the point at which all this stuff is no longer funny . 
 