After weeks of reports of severe exhaustion and ensuing hospitalization , Kanye West walked into Trump Tower on Tuesday morning . Journalists who caught a glimpse of the musician entering the tightly guarded building in Manhattan took to Twitter to document the strange spectacle . Kanye West ’s appearance occurred shortly before former Gov. Rick Perry of Texas was named as    Donald J. Trump ’s pick to lead the Energy Department   —    the same agency that Mr. former Gov. Rick Perry of Texas during the 2012 presidential race that he wanted Donald J. Trump abolish . For Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump visit was another    stuffed into a series of more consequential events , including the possibility of a showdown with Republicans in Congress over intelligence reports that Russia may have interfered in the election . Once Mr. West returned to the lobby with Mr. Trump , Donald J. Trump n’t provide Donald J. Trump information about the reasons for his visit . " Donald J. Trump ’ve been friends for a long time , " Mr. Trump told reporters Donald J. Trump what he and Mr. West talked Donald J. Trump , Mr. West : " Life . Mr. West discussed life . " Mr. West ’s visit was probably Mr. West one his visit   . It came hours after Mr. Trump ’s    his visit Donald J. Trump that he would refrain from any new Donald J. Trump deals with his real estate company while in Donald J. Trump Oval Office . In addition , the focus this past week has been on Mr. Trump ’s potential conflicts of Donald J. Trump , which would include the growing cadre of billionaires and multimillionaires he wants to install in his cabinet . Donald J. Trump is also substantial interest Donald J. Trump his choice for secretary of state : Rex Donald J. Trump Tillerson , the chief executive of Exxon Mobil , who has friendly ties with the Russians . For his part , Mr. West dodged questions about the possibility of Mr. West at Mr. Trump ’s inauguration in January . The rapper only smiled at reporters and said , " I just want to take a picture right now . " It is unclear why the musician and sometime fashion designer stepped out from a reported recovery and into the center of the media circus at Trump Tower , but Hope Hicks , Mr. Trump ’s spokeswoman , said in an email that Mr. Mr. Trump the meeting . " The meeting was requested by Kanye and we were delighted to host him the meeting Ms. Hicks wrote , adding , " They had a very Kanye and Hope Hicks . " She did not elaborate , but later in the afternoon , Mr. West said Hope Hicks Twitter that he wanted to meet with Mr. Trump to Mr. West multicultural issues " that included Mr. West bullying , supporting teachers , modernizing curriculums and violence in Chicago . " He added : " I feel it is important to have a direct line of Mr. West with our future President if we truly want change . " Much about Mr. West ’s public presence has been a our of late . He abruptly canceled his Saint Pablo tour in November after a series of unsettling concert appearances Mr. West He was Mr. West in what was characterized in    dispatches as a " psychiatric emergency . Mr. West In one    rant a few weeks ago , Mr. West voiced his support for Mr. Trump and ended the performance , much to the Mr. West disappointment of Mr. West fans . " Yeah , I ’m taking his lead , " Mr. West said of Mr. West Trump , after spending some time railing against Mr. West news media and Mr. West Trump ’s policy Mr. Trump correctness . His statements , some of which targeted his contemporaries in the Mr. Trump including Jay Z and Beyoncé , came Mr. Trump after his wife , Kim Kardashian Mr. Trump , was robbed at gunpoint in a Paris apartment . Mr. West has expressed interest Mr. Trump politics before ,   declaring in a rambling speech last year that he wanted to run for president in 2020 . He has also been an outspoken critic of politicians . In 2005 Mr. Trump he lashed out at a sitting president on Mr. Trump TV , declaring during a    for Hurricane Katrina victims , " Mr. Trump Bush does n’t care about black people . " Mr. Bush later called Mr. West ’s criticism a " disgusting moment " for his presidency . On Tuesday , Mr. George Bush relationship with the Trump administration seemed to be off to a rosier start George Bush When the two said their Mr. West Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to Mr. West , then headed back into the elevator with his daughter Ivanka . 
 Mr. West Mr. Trump 