Hillary Clinton has burned through tens of millions of dollars to counter Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont in states that are unlikely to be general election battlegrounds , delaying any pivot to the general election and shrinking Hillary Clinton potential financial advantage over the eventual Republican nominee . While Hillary Clinton has built a significant advantage in pledged delegates over Mr. Sanders in the Democratic nominating contest , her Hillary Clinton has come at a significant cost . She Hillary Clinton more than she Hillary Clinton in each of the first three months of the year , according to Federal Election Commission data , including more than $ 12 million on ads in March alone . According to the Campaign Media Analysis Group , Mrs. Hillary Clinton spent at least $ 20 million on advertising in states like New York , Illinois and Massachusetts , money that could otherwise have been saved for the general election . Even as Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton preparing for the general election in the general election has been forced to respond Even as Mrs. Clinton’s campaign begins preparing for the general election in November an advertising blitz by Mr. Sanders , financed by a seemingly unending gusher of small donations . Mr. Sanders spent $ 46 million Mr. Sanders alone , according to campaign finance records released on Wednesday . Mr. Sanders poured more than $ 5 Mr. Sanders the expensive New York media market , according to media buyers , hoping to replicate his upset victory in Michigan . Mr. Sanders Mr. Sanders spending   —    and Mr. Sanders to keep raising huge amounts of money Mr. Sanders while slipping behind in delegates   —    is likely to intensify criticism from Democratic Party officials and leading donors , who now see Mr. Sanders as waging a costly and quixotic crusade Mr. Sanders Clinton ’s expense . " He is making Hillary Clinton spend money that should be Mr. Sanders defeating the Mrs. Clinton’s " said John Morgan , a Florida trial lawyer who will host a Clinton    at his Lake Mary home next week . " Mrs. Clinton’s Sanders Mr. Sanders the real possibility of being the    Ralph Nader . All he ’s doing now is hurting Hillary . " The lengthening Bernie Sanders poses potential problems not just Mrs. Clinton’s the spending side of the ledger , but also has delayed a shift to raising money for the general election , where Mrs. Clinton lags well behind the pace set by President Obama during his 2012 campaign , according to data from the commission . President Obama to Mrs. Clinton say they had always planned for an extended and Mrs. Clinton , hoping Aides to Mrs. Clinton avoid a repeat of her 2008 blunder , when   she had to lend   her Mrs. Clinton campaign millions of dollars to Mrs. Clinton afloat after running short Mrs. Clinton primary cash . Much of Mrs. Clinton ’s spending has gone to build    capabilities with data Mrs. Clinton field and prospecting for small donors that will pay continuing dividends through an increasingly likely fall campaign , they said , and Mrs. Clinton remained on budget for the primary race . the field and prospecting for small donors that will pay continuing dividends through an increasingly likely fall campaign campaign had $ Mrs. Clinton 8 million on hand . " We head into Mrs. Clinton homestretch of the primary in strong financial shape with the resources we need to continue to run a competitive race through the end of the primary and the road ahead , " said Robby Mook , Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign manager . But as the Clinton campaign and its allies see the challenge from Mr. Sanders fading and have grown more comfortable with their delegate lead , they are shifting some of their attention away from the primary and looking toward the their election , mapping out their plans and sharpening their message . The campaign has begun discussions with senior " bundlers "   — their donors who volunteer to collect checks from dozens of other donors   —    to step up contributions to the Hillary Victory Committee , a joint    effort with the Democratic National Committee and many state Democratic organizations . By directing her largest donors to give more to party organizations , Mrs. Clinton can sock away Mrs. Clinton of millions of dollars that would benefit her campaign during a general election effort while avoiding the appearance of presumption that might Mrs. Clinton with raising general election money while Mr. Sanders remains in the race . The victory committee had raised $ 61 million through the end of March , according to commission filings , with most of the money ending up back in Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign or at the Democratic National Committee . Much as Mr. Obama did in 2012 , Mrs. Clinton ’s team has used party contributions to the joint committee to subsidize some Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign , including prospecting for The victory committee Mr. Sanders attacked the arrangement this week as unethical Mrs. Clinton’s though campaign lawyers said it was legal . On Wednesday , fresh off a victory in the New York primary , the campaign hosted hundreds of bundlers for a conference at a Sheraton hotel in Manhattan , where some of her presidential campaign ’s top advisers urged donors to focus on bolstering her    for the contest against Mr. Sanders . Advisers to Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign said it was remaining focused Mrs. Clinton primary dollars in part because that money   —    Mrs. Clinton $ 2 , 700 campaign each supporter   —    could be used during the general election , too , while general election contributions could not be spent until after the party ’s convention in July . The shift in focus has been apparent in Mrs. Clinton ’s messaging . In her advertisements , particularly in New York , Mrs. Clinton has started to turn her Mrs. Clinton J. Trump , who is leading the Republican field in delegates . Her Mrs. Clinton in the state took unsubtle Mrs. Clinton at the Republican    and a week later , she ran her first ad directly Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump , explicitly criticizing his statements . The Clinton campaign also created and ran a    Mrs. Clinton , Mrs. Clinton " Una Bandera , " which recalled that Mr. Mr. Trump called immigrants criminals and rapists . The ad made no mention or allusion to Mr. Sanders or a Democratic primary until the Mr. Trump when it asked people to vote her first ad directly targeting Mr. Trump 19 . A " super PAC " backing Mrs. Clinton is preparing for the worst . Priorities USA her first ad directly targeting Mr. Trump raised $ 11 . 8 million dollars in March and had $ 44 . 7 million in cash on hand at the start of April , far ahead of the group ’s pace during Mr. Obama ’s    campaign . Some of the largest contributions in March came from the family of Haim Saban , an entertainment mogul , and James H. Simons , a billionaire investor who gave $ 3 . March million . And the group has spent relatively little in the fight against Mr. Sanders , meaning it will enter the general election contest with a sizable campaign war the group’s Banking on Mrs. Clinton ’s increasingly likely victory in the Democratic primary contest the group’s and those pledges , the group has begun reserving $ 125 million in television and digital advertising for the general election campaign   —    a significant sum this early in the group’s . " Priorities will be ready to fight back against the    onslaught Republicans are readying against Hillary Clinton , " said Justin Barasky , a spokesman for Priorities USA . 
 Mrs. Clinton 