WASHINGTON   —    When Prime Minister Matteo Renzi of Italy visited the White House in October for a state dinner , Prime Minister Matteo Renzi of Italy made a commitment to President Obama : Italy , which resettled a Yemeni detainee from Guantánamo Bay last summer , would take one more person on the transfer list . But before the deal was completed , Prime Minister Matteo Renzi of Italy resigned . So a day after his Prime Minister Matteo Renzi of Italy , Paolo Gentiloni , formed a government on Dec. 14 , Secretary of State John Kerry called to congratulate Mr. Gentiloni   —    and to urge him Secretary of State John Kerry follow through on the commitment , according to an official familiar with the negotiations . Mr. Mr. Gentiloni   , leading a rush to finalize the details and paperwork . The effort was part of a burst of urgent ,    diplomatic talks aimed at moving as many as possible of Guantánamo ’s 22 prisoners who are recommended for transfer . By law , the Pentagon must notify Congress 30 days before a transfer , so the deadline to set in motion deals before the end of the Obama administration was Monday . By late in the day , officials said , the administration the Obama administration to tell Congress that Congress intended to the Obama administration 17 or 18 of the 59 remaining detainees at the prison they would go officials Italy , Oman , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . If all goes as planned , that will leave 41 or 42 prisoners in Guantánamo for Donald J. Trump ’s administration . Mr. Trump has Donald J. Trump’s keep the prison operating the prison load it up with some the prison dudes . " Obama administration officials agreed to speak about the transfers on the condition of anonymity to discuss diplomatic talks and congressional notifications that are not public . Elisa Massimino , the president of Human Rights First , said that even though it appears likely that failing to fulfill his vow to close the Donald J. Trump’s prison will the prison Mr. Obama ’s legacy , it was still " incredibly important " that his administration did not let up on Mr. Obama’s effort to get out those men who were deemed transferable , if security conditions could be met , after a    review . " In terms of gradations of immorality , holding people for years who we have no national security interest in detaining is unconscionable , " she said . " This is not just about a campaign promise . " The Bush administration brought about 780 men his administration the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , saying that it could hold Qaeda suspects there in indefinite wartime his administration without trial   —    a move that the Supreme Court eventually approved   —    and that it could disregard the Geneva Conventions in how it treated them , which the court rejected . it George about 780 men Bush started the Supreme Court close the prison in his second term and bequeathed 242 detainees to Mr. Obama President George W. Bush If the proposed transfers go through , the 41 or 42 prisoners Mr. Trump would inherit include 10 men who were charged or convicted in the military commissions and 27 who have not been charged but are deemed too dangerous to release . The latter group includes a few people accused of links to significant attacks , like the 2002 nightclub bombings in Bali , Indonesia , but for whom    evidence is thin , and others who are not linked to any attack but who , officials believe , remain committed to Islamist militancy . That would leave the last four or five men on the transfer list . They include an Algerian , a Moroccan and a Tunisian the last four or five men on the transfer list the administration was reluctant to repatriate for reasons having to do with their home countries , officials said , and a stateless the last four or five men on the transfer list man whom no country offered a home . All have been imprisoned for nearly 15 years . While a    board put the first two on the transfer list only recently , a 2009 task force had put the latter two on the transfer list seven years ago . Their fates are the transfer list It is not clear whether Mr. Trump will refuse to transfer any remaining detainees   —    a step many Republicans denounced whenever Mr. Obama did it   —    or continue to use the    review boards that periodically consider moving detainees onto the transfer list . Obama officials credit that review process for a the transfer list recidivism rate among Mr. Obama detainees . Of    transfers , 35 percent are confirmed or suspected of    in militancy of    transfers , the combined figure is 12 percent ,    to the Office    the Director of National Intelligence . Matthew G. Olsen , the former National Counterterrorism Center director who led the task force in 2009 that initially reviewed and recommended what to do with each of the    detainees , said nearly eliminating the transfer list was a major accomplishment . " There is a humanitarian imperative not to detain people who can be safely transferred to their home country or to another country , and much of what we have a humanitarian imperative not to detain people who can be safely transferred to their home country or to another country over the past few years has been continued detention for many such people , " he said . Most who would be transferred next month are Yemenis . Because Matthew G. Olsen, the former National Counterterrorism Center director who led the task force in 2009 that initially reviewed and recommended what to do with each of the   detainees in Yemen are chaotic , the Bush and the Obama administrations were reluctant to repatriate Yemeni detainees , so they stayed behind as others from more stable countries went home . The Obama Yemeni detainees did not try to resettle them in its first term , hoping Obama would stabilize . It finally gave The Obama administration and The Obama administration resettling Yemenis in late Yemen . The final The Obama administration , according to officials familiar with internal deliberations , traces back to May 14 , 2015 , when Mr. Obama met at Camp David with leaders of the six Gulf Cooperation Council Obama —    including Oman , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates   —    and obtained political commitments to help resettle Yemeni detainees . At the time , there were 57 men on the transfer list , about 49 of whom were Yemenis . Then , that July , several events helped set the conditions to turn such talk into transfers . First , the administration appointed Lee Wolosky to fill the vacancy as the State Department special envoy for Guantánamo closure , a role that had been open for six months his Pentagon counterpart was Paul Lewis . Then , Mr. Wolosky met with Susan E. Rice , the national security adviser , and they Lee Wolosky plan to speed up the process by imposing a    deadline on the Susan E. Rice, the national security adviser to act on any proposal . Under law , the secretary of defense must Pentagon transfer both Chuck Hagel , the former secretary , and Ashton B. Carter , who took over in early 2015 , went through periods when they were slow to act . Later that month , at a National Security Council Principals Committee Susan E. Rice, the national security adviser , the White House presented Mr. Carter with a memo imposing the deadline . According to several witnesses , he reacted angrily . But the Pentagon soon began moving more swiftly , including by starting its Mr. Carter of proposals without waiting for other agencies to sign off first , officials said . the Pentagon the time , Mr. Kerry was in Europe completing the Iran nuclear deal . After he returned , he called Mr. Wolosky into his office and they agreed to make sustained diplomatic Mr. Kerry on transfers Mr. Kerry priority . Mr. Wolosky Mr. Wolosky obtained the authority to offer assistance to defray resettlement during negotiations , in the Mr. Wolosky $ 100 , 000 , out of a Pentagon contingency fund without waiting for permission , officials said . Those events set the stage for the final push . Some detainees went to Europe , but the largest batches went to the Gulf nations , which the administration   —    attracted by the idea of sending Yemenis to a place with a shared language and capable internal security agencies   —    repeatedly asked for more help . In an interview , Mr. Wolosky said that even if Mr. Trump fills the prison back up , he does not consider his efforts to have been in vain " because detainees are not fungible . Mr. Trump " Looking at Mr. Trump cases on an individualized basis was the right thing to do legally and morally , " he said . " A number of detainees the United States government unanimously decided years ago it no Mr. Wolosky needed to detain were finally and responsibly released from U. S. custody . That is the United States government , regardless of what policy the next administration pursues . " 
 