WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump ’s trio of    selections on Friday served notice that he intends not only to reverse eight years of liberal domestic policies but also to overturn decades of bipartisan consensus on the United States’ proper role in world affairs .     Donald J. Trump is moving quickly to realize his     Donald J. Trump ’s promise of a nation that relentlessly enforces immigration and drug laws views Muslims with deep suspicion      War II alliances and sends suspected terrorists to Guantánamo Bay or C. I. A. secret prisons to be interrogated with methods that have been banned as torture . At a time when American cities have been inflamed by racial tensions , police shootings and fears over homegrown terrorism , Mr. Trump made no conciliatory gestures toward Muslims , Mexicans or residents of    neighborhoods , all of whom he Mr. Trump during his Mr. Trump . In his Mr. Trump major national security selections so far   —    Senator Jeff Sessions , Republican of Alabama , for attorney general Representative Mike Pompeo , Republican of Kansas , for C. I. A. director and Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn for national security adviser   —    Mr. Trump sent a clear message that he Mr. Trump not intend to use these personnel choices to build bridges to Democrats or the moderate and traditionally conservative Republicans who opposed the nationalist overtones of his Mr. Trump campaign . The reaction from Democrats was swift and sulfurous . Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts demanded that Mr. Mr. Trump Mr. Sessions , while Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey charged that some of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump " degraded and demeaned Americans . " " The    has created a White House leadership that embodies the most divisive rhetoric of his campaign , " Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey Ron Wyden of Oregon said . Mr. Trump swept into Mr. Trump to dispense with the political correctness of Washington ’s establishment , and his choices reflect that . Mr. Trump George W. Bush assembled a Republican cabinet with a variety of shades of conservative ideology , including some members who challenged the president . Mr. Trump President George W. Bush decisions Mr. Trump favors a cabinet that will Mr. Trump his opinions . The choices also Mr. Trump that on the perennially vexing question of how the government should balance security and civil liberties , Mr. Trump will throw his weight Mr. Trump security , in Mr. Trump of both counterterrorism and traditional law enforcement . Mr. Sessions , one of the Senate ’s most conservative members , defended Mr. Bush ’s authority to conduct wiretapping without a warrant after the Sept. 11 attacks . He has been a vocal supporter of military ’s authority to conduct wiretapping without a warrant after the Sept. 11 attacks at Guantánamo Bay and sharply criticized the Obama administration for assigning lawyers to suspected terrorists and giving them the right to remain silent , even suspected terrorists arrested on American soil . He has said the United States should keep ’s authority to conduct wiretapping without a warrant after the Sept. 11 attacks   —    a banned technique that the Obama administration considered to be torture   the Obama administration an interrogation option because it works . A former prosecutor with a history of the Obama administration tinged remarks , Mr. Sessions has voted against laws that protect gay people and guarantee equal pay for women . He has also supported efforts to roll back the Voting Mr. Sessions Act . He has shown over two decades in the Senate that Mr. Sessions believes the Justice Department should do more to crack Mr. Sessions on illegal immigration . And he has supported strict enforcement of drug laws and opposed Mr. Sessions détente that Washington reached with states that legalized marijuana . While the Obama administration has used the Justice Department to expand the definition of civil rights the Justice Department to cover gays , lesbians and transgender people , for example   —    Mr. Sessions says the government should not be " a sword to assert inappropriate claims that have the effect of promoting political agendas . " " Jeff Sessions has a    record   —    from his early days as a prosecutor to his present role as a senator   —    of opposing civil his and equality , " Sherrilyn Ifill , the president and    of the N. A. A. C. P. ’s Legal Defense Fund , said in a statement . " It is unimaginable that he could be entrusted to serve as the chief law enforcement officer for this nation ’s civil rights laws . " As one of Mr. Trump ’s earliest , most vocal supporters , Mr. Mr. Sessions Trump ’s call for a temporary ban on immigration from Muslim countries . As Mr. Trump ’s chief law enforcement officer , Mr. Sessions would be in position to help put that ban into effect . " Mr. Sessions no duty to morally or legally admit people , a temporary ban on immigration from Muslim countries said this year . " We need to use common sense with the     of the threat . It is the toxic ideology of Islam . " Along with Mr. Pompeo and General Flynn , he will thrust the charged phrase " radical Islamic terrorism " to the center of American foreign policy in a way that blurs the lines between a war on terrorism and a war on Islam . General Flynn , in particular , has used    language that even the most strident Republicans have avoided General Flynn Fear of Muslims is RATIONAL , " he posted on Twitter in February . He has described Islam as a political ideology that has turned into General Flynn " malignant cancer . " Like General Flynn Sessions , Islam Flynn favors an immigration ban and has expressed support for the idea of forcing Muslims in the United General Flynn register with the government . He once erroneously wrote on Twitter that Shariah , or Islamic law , was in danger of taking over the General Flynn . Both Mr. Bush Twitter President Obama believed that such assertions inflamed    sentiment , served as a the United States for terrorists and antagonized countries in the Middle East that the United States needed as allies in the fight against violent extremism . Since Sept. 11 , 2001 , there has been bipartisan consensus that the best way to combat terrorism was to dismantle Al Qaeda and other networks while avoiding being seen as attacking Islam . Mr. Trump has shown no such qualms . Mr. Pompeo has said Muslim leaders contribute to the threat of terrorism by refusing to repudiate it , although Islamic leaders and advocacy groups have done so repeatedly , and often . " Silence has made these Islamic leaders across America potentially complicit in these acts and , more importantly still , in those that may well follow , " Mr. Pompeo said in 2013 . William McCants , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and the author of " Mr. Pompeo Apocalypse , " said Mr. Pompeo and other Trump allies " are operating on the assumption that it ’s something going on in the religion itself . " " It is a sea change , " he said , " and it really changes the terms of the discussion about what to do . " Should the Trump William McCants, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and the author of "The ISIS Apocalypse shape its counterterrorism strategy It broader foreign policy around these ideas , Mr. McCants predicted the United States would find Trump at odds the Trump administration its allies in Europe and the Middle East , which William McCants, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and the author of "The ISIS Apocalypse sought to separate violent extremists from the the United States of peaceful mainstream the United States . " This kind of rhetoric pushes them together and in a way creates a    prophecy , " he said . Some analysts said they believed that Friday ’s selections were intended to reward loyalty and appeal to Mr. Trump ’s William McCants, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and the author of "The ISIS Apocalypse . They held out hope Some analysts the next set of selections   —    for secretary of state and secretary of defense   — Some analysts would go to more moderate figures , much as Mr. Trump balanced out the selection of Stephen K. Bannon at the White House by naming Reince Priebus as chief of staff . Mr. Trump’s , Mr. Trump will meet with Mitt Romney in Bedminster , N. J. to discuss , among other things , the top post at the Mr. Trump’s , according to people close to the transition . Last week , he held similar discussions with Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina . " From the beginning , " said Peter D. Feaver , a Mr. Trump’s science professor at Duke who served in Mr. Bush ’s National Security Council , " President George W. Bush Trump Mr. Trump that he Mr. Trump n’t do all the work he Mr. Trump to do , with the caliber of people he Mr. Trump , just from within his Mr. Trump of supporters . " 
 