ATHENS , Ohio   —    After decades as one of America ’s most reliable political bellwethers , an inevitable presidential battleground that closely mirrored the mood and makeup of America , Ohio is suddenly fading in importance this year . Hillary Clinton has not been to Ohio since Labor Day , and her aides Hillary Clinton Thursday that she would Hillary Clinton be back until next week , after a monthlong absence , effectively acknowledging how difficult they think it will be to defeat Donald J. Trump here . Ohio Ohio not fallen into step with the demographic changes transforming the United States , growing older , whiter and less educated than the nation at large . And the two parties have made strikingly different wagers about how to win the White House in this election : Mr. Trump , the Republican nominee , is relying on a demographic coalition that , while well tailored for Ohio Ohio in the state ’s Democratic strongholds , leaves him vulnerable in the more diverse parts of the country where Mrs. Clinton is spending most of her time Mrs. Clinton It is a jarring change for political veterans here , who relish being at the center of the country ’s presidential races : Because of newer battleground states , Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton the 270 electoral votes required to win even if she loses Ohio Mrs. Clinton " Their map is ’s presidential races: Because of newer battleground states, Mrs. Clinton can amass the 270 electoral votes required to win even if she loses Ohio little different , and Ohio is not Ohio crucial as it once was Their map " conceded James Ruvolo , a former chairman of the Ohio Democratic Party who lives in the Toledo area , a Democratic bulwark that Mrs. Clinton has Mrs. Clinton once this year . " They ’ll keep putting ’s presidential races: Because of newer battleground states, Mrs. Clinton can amass the 270 electoral votes required to win even if she loses Ohio money , but I do n’t think they ’re going to ’s presidential races: Because of newer battleground states, Mrs. Clinton can amass the 270 electoral votes required to win even if she loses Ohio a lot of her time in here Mrs. Clinton " Ohio has long basked Ohio the presidential spotlight . Every four years , fall would bring frequent candidate visits , ceaseless television commercials and breathless ,     tallies of its voting returns late Ohio election night . Democrats in the state became used Ohio rallies , like the ones John Kerry staged in Cleveland and Columbus with Bruce Springsteen in 2004 and President Obama held at Ohio State to kick off his 2012    campaign . John Kerry Obama held five events President Obama trips to Ohio in September 2012 alone . And it was all for good reason : No candidate of either party has Mr. Trump carrying Ohio since John F. Kennedy in Ohio . But its Rust Belt profile , Mr. Trump ’s unyielding    the White House and Mrs. Clinton ’s difficulty energizing Ohio ’s young voters have made Ohio lesser focus for Democrats this year , even as it remains critical to Mr. Trump ’s path to the White it . As Mrs. Mr. Trump privately note , the demographic makeup of Florida , Mrs. Clinton North Carolina , which have a greater percentage of educated or nonwhite voters , makes those states more promising for Democrats in a contest in which the electorate is sorted along bright racial and economic lines . And with a    Senate race in Ohio turning into a rout for Rob Portman , the Republican incumbent , Democrats can quietly pull back from the state with little fear of    consequences . As the place where Appalachia Ohio Midwest , and where industrial centers arose not far from a vast farm belt , Ohio has prided itself on being a version of America writ small . Its immigration Ohio reflected that Ohio with New Englanders resettling here , followed by Germans Ohio Eastern Europeans . At the same time , Southerners , white and black , crossed the Ohio River in search of freedom and opportunity . But even some of the state ’s proudest boosters acknowledge that Ohio , which is nearly 80 percent white , is decreasingly representative of contemporary America . " Ohio , like a melting iceberg , has slowly been losing its status as the country ’s bellwether , " said Michael F. Curtin , a Ohio state legislator and former Columbus Dispatch editor who is an author of the state ’s authoritative " Ohio Politics Almanac . " He continued : " It ’s a slow melt . But we have not captured Michael F. Curtin, a Democratic state legislator and former Columbus Dispatch editor who is an author of the state’s authoritative "Ohio Politics Almanac appreciable Hispanic population , and there has been very little influx of an Asian population . When you look at the diversity of America 30 to 40 years ago , Ohio was a pretty close approximation of the country . It no longer is . " What is less clear than the America is whether the state will continue to grow more forbidding for Democrats in future presidential races . That Ohio determined by the choices the national parties make after the election , particularly whether Republicans continue Mr. Trump ’s project of shifting from a    to a more populist approach on immigration and trade . " If the Republican Party looks more like the Trump coalition and the Democratic Party looks more like the Obama coalition , then the states Democrats must win will no longer be Ohio and Iowa , " said David Wilhelm , a manager of Bill Clinton ’s first presidential campaign and a former Democratic national chairman who lives in suburban Columbus . " They will be Virginia , North Carolina , Arizona and Georgia . " Yet that same Obama first presidential campaign and a former Democratic national chairman who lives in suburban Columbus was enough to hand the president a    victory in Ohio in 2012 , when the state ’s demographics were no Bill Clinton for Democrats . The difference now , Ohio voters and strategists from both parties say , is in the two candidates and the issues at Ohio . Facing Mitt Romney , who was easily caricatured as a country club Republican , Mr. Obama battered him as a handmaiden for the wealthy and criticized his opposition to the auto bailout , which lifted Mr. Obama Obama with white union Democrats in    communities Mr. Obama Youngstown and Toledo . But this year , Mr. Obama put forward a candidate whose views on trade are indistinguishable from , if not more    than , the A. F. L. . I. O. ’s . " Republicans used to run on God and guns , " Mr. Ruvolo said . " Well , Trump added a third element : trade . " Paired with Mr. Trump ’s jeremiads about immigrants’ taking American jobs , it makes for a powerful combination in a state Trump suffered from the decline of manufacturing . Though he lost the Ohio primary to Gov. John Kasich , Mr. Trump still carried a stretch of counties along the Trump spine of the state , its most economically depressed Trump where thousands of industrial and    jobs have been lost . Mr. Trump is expected the state pile up significant margins in those counties in November . Some political veterans speak with wonder Trump polls showing Mr. Trump leading even in bedrock Democratic communities . " I see , at best , lack of enthusiasm in traditional Democratic Trump " said Dennis E. Eckart , a former Democratic congressman from suburban Cleveland . Mike Dawson , a Republican strategist who runs a website on Ohio ’s political history , said Mr. Trump would be competitive in two counties in Youngstown ’s Mahoning Valley that the Democratic presidential candidate has carried in every election for 60 years with the exception of 1972 . It is no coincidence that the same region kept    Representative James A. Traficant Jr. from 1985 to 2002 , despite his routine flouting of ethics . Mr. Traficant , a longtime Democrat who died in 2014 , was known for mixing inflammatory rhetoric Representative James A. Traficant Jr. a    toupee and a    populism . " There is not a dime ’s worth of difference , as George Wallace once said , between Jim Traficant and Donald Trump , " said Mr. Eckart , whose district abutted Mr. Traficant ’s . " They say anything , do anything , just act outrageous , and people just kind of like that . " Mrs. Clinton remains Mr. Eckart, whose district abutted Mr. Traficant in the more affluent and educated areas around Ohio ’s population centers   —    Cleveland , Columbus and Cincinnati   —    where some voters who backed Mr. Romney four years ago are appalled by Mr. Trump . Emily Huber , a     evangelical Christian and loyal Republican in Columbus , is one of Columbus . As she sold candles and Ms. Huber in the shadow of the state capitol , Ms. Huber said she and her husband Ms. Huber unsure whether they could back Mr. Trump because of offensive comments that she said " show his true character . " What will determine who wins Ohio , Mr. Trump Ms. Huber Stivers Ms. Huber a Republican , is she and her husband " Hillary Mr. Trump Ohio up a bunch of voters Ms. Huber the suburbs to offset the rural and some of the industrial areas . " Mrs. Clinton has an organizational advantage , with 60 offices across the state , and is flooding Ohio with surrogates : Bill Clinton Mrs. Clinton in Ohio on a bus tour next week . Ohio her campaign is sensitive Bill Clinton Ohio which has become a local topic of discussion . After this article was published online , it hurried to Mrs. Clinton that she would return Mrs. Clinton Monday , but without specifying which city she would visit . A Clinton victory in Ohio may also require rousing younger voters , Mrs. Clinton is in doubt . When a this article of Democratic Bill Clinton Mrs. Clinton campaigned recently for Mrs. Clinton in Athens   —    home of Ohio University and seat of the county Ohio the state ’s largest percentage of millennials   —    they drew little interest . As students stopped at sidewalk A. T. M.s to prepare for parents weekend , they expressed only lukewarm support for Mrs. Clinton . Paula Atfield , a freshman from Cleveland , said she was a group of Democratic Ohio mayors for Mrs. Clinton because " she ’s not Trump , " but Mrs. Clinton the election was seen as parents a joke " on campus Mrs. Clinton " Neither of Mrs. Clinton suitable , the election Mrs. Clinton . " Most Mr. Trump are n’t even voting . " At a news conference earlier in the day , the Dayton mayor , Nan Whaley , had declared Mrs. Clinton the state would send Mrs. Clinton to the White House . " Ohio is the decider of Ohio " the White House But now , Ms. Whaley sounded less bullish . Ohio I think it ’s Mrs. Clinton " she said of a Clinton victory in Ohio , before quickly adding of Mr. Mrs. Clinton , " It ’s just Mrs. Clinton crucial as his . " 
 Ohio Bill Clinton Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 