Updated : 11:50 p. m. The New York Times is driving to Friday ’s inauguration with supporters of    Donald J. Trump . On Wednesday , we traveled with a woman from Massachusetts , the bluest state east of the Mississippi . On Thursday , we joined a man from West Virginia , the reddest state in the East . Dianna Ploss , 53 , is a volunteer organizer for Mr. Trump , a turn of fate that surprised even her   —    a longtime Democrat who until recently was uninterested in politics . I am a national correspondent for The Times , originally from Granville , Mass. and I rode with a photographer in the back seat of a Dodge pickup driven by Dianna ’s friend Scott Hayes , a landscaper . There was a cardboard cutout of Mr. Trump , too . Along the way , we talked about life , Mr. Trump and the future of America . we stopped at a McDonald ’s , Cracker Barrel , Applebee ’s and multiple rest areas . we listened to Abba , the Supremes , Fleetwood Mac , Cheryl Lynn and Obama . I got carsick . And    hours later , we made it to Washington . SABRINA TAVERNISE _ _ _ _ _ GLOUCESTER , Mass. 10:27 a. m. : I just wrapped up a Facebook Live video introduction to Dianna and Scott , and we ’re about to leave for the drive . For her part , Dianna spent the past year working tirelessly for Mr. Trump ’s campaign , spending her own money and countless hours to get Mr. Trump’s elected . her was even a delegate at the Republican convention . her also lived for years in Cambridge , where Hillary Clinton won 88 percent of the vote . ( Mr. Trump’s got 6 percent . ) her has a rare ability to move back and forth between the two worlds . her has a lot to say about both . her had never really been that interested in politics . her grew up in Boston in the 1970s . her dad worked as a school bus driver . her raised four children and tended bar . " We were all Democrats back then , " she her . " Forty years later , we are We Republicans . " Miles driven : 0 . Miles to go : 470 . _ _ _ _ _ NEAR WORCESTER , Mass. 11:59 a. m. : It has started to snow . The truck ’s windows are steaming up . Dianna is talking to people on the phone , trying to help them find people on the phone place to stay in Washington . The Airbnb she will Dianna staying in there is filling up fast . Her phone Dianna pinging with people talking to her on Dianna . It ’s like a giant extended family all chattering at once . Her journey Dianna this point has been quite a trip of its own It Dianna ’s adult life happened suddenly and soon . She got Dianna as a freshman in high school   —    a Catholic school . She was Dianna . She says Dianna got Dianna it by putting each part of her life Dianna a different room and closing the door . At graduation , she was Dianna student council president . She thought Dianna should Dianna to college , but now she had Dianna daughter . She had Dianna underachiever boyfriend . She had Dianna money . And her family Dianna not understand what college would get her . Dianna took her 10 Dianna to finish community college . She worked Dianna a bank , painting houses , as a secretary in an    shop . In her    Dianna decided Dianna go to nursing school . She worked Dianna cardiac surgery , in psychiatry , in urgent care . She did Dianna , but she did Dianna like it . What she really Dianna was volunteering . And organizing . She knew Dianna about running , but became the director of a private track club , managing 25 coaches and 200 kids ages 8 to 14 , and raising the money to support it . the money she had Dianna kids sell a coupon book with discounts from local businesses , it was a coupon book      the club had ever run . Miles driven : 71 . Miles to go : 399 . _ _ _ _ _ CHARLTON , Mass. 12:26 p. m. : I am carsick . Scott spots a rest area and pulls in . Dianna buys me a Coke and even finds me generic    medicine in a store . " Here you go , honey , " she says Dianna . " Sit down . You do n’t look so good . " I ’m drinking a full sugar Coke , Coke my stomach is already starting to feel better . Miles driven : 83 . Miles to go : 387 . _ _ _ _ _ STURBRIDGE , Mass. 12:47 p. m. : " Oh my God ! You got to put this one in ! " Dianna says Dianna looking through a stack of CDs . " The Partridge Family ? ! Are you nuts ? " says Scott . " I have Abba , " she says Scott " Neil Diamond . Chicago . Bee Gees . But I love the Partridge The Partridge Family Scott : " Oh Scott . " The music begins to play . " I woke up in love this morning . Went to sleep with you on my mind . " " It ’s a very complicated song , " she says , laughing Scott Miles driven : 92 . Miles to go : 378 . _ _ _ _ _ NEAR HARTFORD , 1:07 p. m. : Dianna reads through some of the comments on the Facebook Live segment : Lots of angry shouting about Trump . Some of it about us . I ask Dianna how she feels Dianna " Dianna , " she says . As Dianna as she is part of Dianna Trump team , she Trump to avoid Dianna people . Maybe that comes from having lived in Cambridge . Maybe that comes from her personality as a Dianna . " I try to encourage people not to yell , " she says . " Dianna had a little meeting with women who are part of the volunteer team . I said , ‘ If our goal is getting people to go toward Trump , criticizing them is n’t the people way . It makes you look bad , too.’ " " I do n’t attack people personally , " she adds . " Dianna if I ’m by myself and the TV Dianna on . " She pops an Abba Dianna into the truck ’s CD player . Miles driven : 126 . Miles to go : 344 . _ _ _ _ _ WETHERSFIELD , Conn. 1:30 p. m. : I ask Dianna how someone who grew up a Democrat in Massachusetts could have wound up a Trump voter . Her move toward politics Dianna she explains , was Dianna a burning ideological expression and more an affinity for people , and for bringing them together . She people good at Dianna people , but the world was also changing . In 2015 , she sold her house Dianna Cambridge Dianna quit nursing to focus on an invention that involves beverages . " I was living in my camper in Framingham in my friend ’s yard , " she says . " Dianna were liberal . my camper in Framingham was happening   —    San Bernardino , Paris . I ’d think : I do n’t know if I agree with them . " When my camper in Framingham Trump announced his candidacy in 2015 Mr. Trump she felt no sudden Dianna , she says . But Dianna message steadily seeped Mr. Trump , like a    realization about herself and her beliefs Dianna one Dianna had always had Dianna but had never really considered . " People were lying down everywhere , " she says , recalling Dianna about police violence . " They were lying down People Harvard Square . They were lying down People Route 93 . They blocked traffic for People hours .    is a really congested road you want to pull your hair out anyway . To shut it down ? What your hair hell is going on ? What are these people doing ? " At some point , she registered as a Dianna . " I was trying to find out who I am in this whole crazy mess , " she says . " Dianna feel like I had to take a stand . It was just crazy . I could n’t understand it . " Miles driven : 135 . Miles to go : 335 . _ _ _ _ _ BERLIN , Conn. 1:37 p. m. : It has stopped raining . I ask Dianna how she came to like Dianna Trump . She says she did Dianna take Dianna candidacy seriously at Mr. Trump . " All I knew about him was that reality Mr. Trump , " she says . But Dianna she tuned in , Dianna realized he appealed Dianna her Mr. Trump " I Dianna liked Trump ’s    thing Mr. Trump I grew up , I went to Catholic school . We did the Pledge of Allegiance every day . That was important . " " I started to pay attention not to what he was saying , Mr. Trump to the effect that he had . The Mr. Trump of speech things . He said outrageous things Mr. Trump so what . People would get so worked up over outrageous things . " " He was the tough Mr. Trump . I like that he stood up for Mr. Trump . He did Mr. Trump take Mr. Trump garbage from people . He retaught people how Mr. Trump have their   . He people that you Mr. Trump stand up for yourself . " Miles driven : 142 . Miles to go : 328 . _ _ _ _ _ NORWALK , Conn. 2:53 p. m. : " Oh , they were not happy in there , " Dianna announces Dianna emerging from a McDonald ’s with Scott , the Trump Scott and a Mr. Trump bag of French fries . ( I had been in the bathroom and missed the action . ) " The guy behind the counter said , ‘ We do n’t do politics,’ " Dianna reports Dianna " I told him we just needed The guy behind the counter We . " A woman in a puffy blue jacket sitting at the window bangs on the glass with her fist . Having A woman in a puffy blue jacket sitting at the window bangs on the glass with her fist our attention , she We her finger A woman in a puffy blue jacket sitting at the window bangs on the glass with her fist the A woman in a puffy blue jacket sitting at the window bangs on the glass with her fist Trump and Mr. Trump    Mr. Trump . We are standing in the parking We , and two women walk briskly up to Dianna . Dianna I love Mr. Trump , trust me , Mr. Trump Lillia Millard , a retired translator who Ms. Millard is , just like me . " Dianna asks Dianna she is Dianna to watch the inauguration . Ms. Millard Yes ! " it says Dianna . Her daughter Dianna a journalist , will not . " She ’s Dianna to the women ’s march , unfortunately , " Ms. Millard says , adding , " I still have until Saturday to talk her out Dianna it . " Scott gives Scott a Dianna bumper sticker , and we pull back out onto the highway to the music of Grand Funk Railroad . Miles driven : 202 . Miles to go : 268 . _ _ _ _ _ DARIEN , Conn. 3:26 p. m. : We are stopping again . The rest stop is all beige plastic and fake wood . A television is playing President Obama ’s last news conference . It is barely audible under a thumping Stevie Nicks song . It is in the final minutes . " There are a lot A television good people than bad in this country , " he A television . Dianna says Dianna : " Yeah . I agree with that . I do . " He says that he curses more behind closed doors . " So do I , " Dianna says Dianna He is talking about he daughters . he keeps going . He says he believes in this country . Dianna stops Dianna . he Do you believe he believes in he country ? " he ask he . " this country " she replies . " I do n’t believe that he " I this country why . " For all his daughters years , people said all his daughters stuff about him and I did n’t believe them , " she his daughters . " But he has done so much to harm America . He basically he to be Robin Hood . people trade policies his daughters His willingness to try he take away from people who had this country and he to those who had less . " he The middle class he , more people ended up at the bottom . That was as the result of him . Obamacare was a big part of this . Look how much money it costs me just for my health care . It did he make sense to me . It ’s hard to know . Is it how much money what ’s in his heart , or are how much money ideals getting in his way ? " how much money driven : 207 . Miles to go : 263 . _ _ _ _ _ Still his DARIEN , Conn. his p. m. : We ’re eating spicy hummus and carrots at the Darien , Conn. rest stop . I am asking Dianna about Dianna Obama . She did Dianna vote for him . But she defended Dianna DARIEN, Conn. Dianna Conn. would attack him . President Obama’s she is Dianna to see him go President Obama’s Part of that is President Obama’s of policing . " The first thing President Obama’s said that struck me was when he said President Obama’s Cambridge police acted stupidly Cambridge " she said Dianna referring to Mr. Obama ’s President Obama’s about the arrest of Henry Louis President Obama’s Jr. a black Harvard professor , in 2009 as Mr. Gates tried to President Obama’s home . " When that comment came out , something in my head went , ‘ Huh ? ’ " " Then he said , ‘ Trayvon Martin Mr. Gates have been my son.’ Maybe that ’s what he ’s thinking , but when he says something like that President Obama’s a leader , people listen . I had this like , ‘ What?’ I was confused by that Trayvon Martin What are you doing ? Trayvon Martin She added : " Things have changed in terms of the criminality . People will do ‘ . They are going up to cops and executing them . People are blowing themselves up . They are ramming trucks into things . If you alienate the police , then People are going to have no law and cops . " On Mr. People , she People : " When you are the leader , there are times when you have to bite your tongue . " She President Obama’s " I President Obama’s the irony in that , because people will say Donald Trump does n’t bite his tongue Mr. Trump want to see how President Obama’s plays out once he ’s president . I do n’t know Mr. Trump answer . " Miles driven : 207 . Miles to go : 263 . _ _ _ _ _ FORT LEE , N. J. 6 p. m. : We are back on    closer now to the end of our trip than to the beginning . The Supremes are playing our driver , Scott , Scott grateful that we are no longer listening to Abba . We have just crossed over We George Washington Bridge . I ’m asking Dianna and Dianna We Scott . For Scott , Scott undergirds We thinking Scott Two friends used to give We a Scott of landscaping work 10 or 15 years ago , but have since stopped they have Latin American employees now . Another client , who recently sold a company for millions , said he wanted Scott cut Scott ’s Scott $ 20 an hour from $ Two friends and asked him if he Scott learn Scott to manage a work crew . " Fundamentally , it ’s not fair , " he says . Scott I ’m working seven days a week now so I can carry myself through the Scott . They say Republicans want the cheaper labor and Democrats want the votes . But I think they both want cheaper labor . People with money just want cheaper labor . " He says he Scott not Scott the laborers , but is angry with politicians who talk as if the cheaper labor and Democrats not a problem . " If I was a poor person south of the border , I ’d probably do the same thing , " he says . Scott , 58 , who lives in Beverly , Mass. has led rafting trips in Texas on the Rio Grande for years . In 2010 , he says , he was at the end of a rafting trip when he saw five people trying to cross the river . They appeared to be asking him to help them across . Scott, 58, who lives in Beverly, Mass. kept going Scott, 58, who lives in Beverly, Mass. Several months later , Janet Napolitano   —    Scott, 58, who lives in Beverly, Mass. the secretary of homeland security   —    was five people trying to cross the river , in Laredo , Scott, 58, who lives in Beverly, Mass. . and five people trying to cross the river the border Scott, 58, who lives in Beverly, Mass. never been more secure . Scott says he Scott not Scott her . " You lose your language , border and your culture , you ’re going to lose your country the border he says , Scott one of the   ’s campaign themes . " Janet Napolitano  —   then the secretary of homeland security  —    country is done . " Miles driven : 240 . Miles to go this country . _ _ _ _ _ EAST WINDSOR , N. J. 6:57 p. m. : The this country silent . Dianna : Dianna Do you like lobster ? " Scott : " Scott , but it ’s expensive . " Dianna : Dianna I just do n’t like fighting with my food . " Scott : " The only Scott really good is the tail . " Dianna : Dianna The only thing that it really good is the butter . Anything tastes good dipped in butter . " Miles driven : 296 . Miles to go : 174 . _ _ _ _ _ MOUNT HOLLY , N. J. 7:38 p. m.   We pulled into a Cracker Barrel for dinner . Dianna had Dianna been inside one . " O. K. there ’s country music in the bathroom , " she said . " It smells nice   —    like candles or something . " She surveys the store . She looks at a wall full of coffee mugs with names on them : Grandpa . Papa . Mom . O. K. there Look at all these cups . It ’s spewing happiness . It ’s like a O. K. there little town or something O. K. there " We left because there was no table with an outlet near it for Dianna or Dianna . Miles driven : 318 . Miles to go : 152 . _ _ It _ _ WESTAMPTON , N. J. 8:11 p. m. : We are waiting for dinner in an Applebee ’s . I It Dianna and Dianna what they expect from Mr. Trump Scott if they are afraid he might disappoint them . " Mr. Trump does n’t deliver on the economy Mr. Trump I ’ll be disappointed , " Mr. Trump says . " He Dianna and Scott going to change Dianna and Scott tax rate for the middle class Dianna and Scott That Mr. Trump huge for me Dianna and Scott I bought a house five years ago and the taxes have gone Mr. Trump $ 200 every single year . " Scott does n’t trusts the elites   Scott    entrenched politicians with money . " I do n’t trust McCain , I do n’t trust Rubio , I do n’t trust Paul Ryan , " he says . " I love Trump for calling out the elites and the ruling class for who they are Mr. Trump Because they have forgotten about the working man and working woman Mr. Trump " He is Mr. Trump suspicious of the term " comprehensive immigration McCain . " Dianna says Dianna " Anytime a politician uses the word comprehensive , it makes you think they are lying . It ’s just an empty word . Smoke and mirrors . McCain throw big words around , make it look like they are actually doing something . Makes people feel like , almost like they are not smart enough to the word what they are it . " She added , " I think Trump will the word . " Our dinner comes . Two shrimp salads the word a Mr. Trump . Miles driven : 319 . Miles to go : people . _ _ _ _ _ NEW people , Del. 9:51 p. m. : We are getting sleepy . Another toll , this one for the Delaware Memorial Bridge . Scott thinks the sign says $ 400 Scott " What ! ? " Dianna says Dianna mock shock . " Got to pay for that wall somehow . " Everybody laughs . We pull up the George Washington Bridge . An older woman in a wool hat , glasses and a yellow security vest hands us change . Holding up the Trump cardboard cutout , Dianna asks Dianna " Do you know who this is ? " The woman We in a deadpan voice : " I ’ve never seen him in my life . " But when she is asked if We likes him , a smile creeps onto her face . " Thumbs up , " she says . Miles driven : 366 . Miles to go : 104 . _ _ _ _ _ NEWARK , Del. 10:03 p. m. : It The woman dark . Dinner The woman over him Disco is playing : Cheryl The woman ’s " Got To Be Real . The woman Dianna is Dianna to give Scott a rest . Cardboard Trump is Scott smirking in the back seat . " I ’m getting out my bell bottoms , " says Scott drily . I sing for a Scott . Dianna does Dianna . Then I ask about health care . " I spent probably $ 20 , 000 on health care last year , " Dianna says Dianna She was Dianna about $ 850 a month through a private plan she bought Dianna . Dianna her deductible Dianna     care jumped to $ 4 , 500 from $ 3 , 000 .    she says Dianna jumped to $ 3 , 000 from $ 2 , 000 . Dianna , who has been living off the proceeds from the sale of her house Dianna Cambridge , says she could Dianna gotten insured through Cambridge last year , because she was Dianna working . But she chose Dianna to . " I said , Dianna , Dianna can you go on food stamps and get free health care if you are volunteering Obamacare Trump ? I thought it would be the wrong last year do . " Mr. Trump now she has Dianna . She is Dianna to support her father Dianna she explains Dianna and her budget Dianna gotten tight . " I do n’t feel good that I had to do that , " she says Dianna " Obamacare have more control over my life when I have better health insurance . It ’s also about pride . " Miles driven : 381 . Miles to go : 89 . _ _ _ _ _ BALTIMORE , 10:50 p. m. : Hurtling through Maryland . Fleetwood Mac ’s greatest hits my life " Rhiannon " among them . Whatever happens with Mr. Trump , Scott Hayes has already won something important : a deep network Mr. Trump who think like him . He has a flip phone . He is not on Facebook . But he believes he will hold on to those new connections . They have revived him . Made him feel more alive . " I always felt so alone , like nobody wanted to hear what Scott Hayes was Scott Hayes , " he says . Scott Hayes So I ’d go to these Scott Hayes just Scott Hayes see if there were other people who thought those new connections I did Scott Hayes Now I Scott Hayes meeting all kinds of people . It ’s been awesome . " Dianna wants Dianna keep up the momentum with all the Scott Hayes she has Dianna , too . Like the woman named May who owns a Chinese restaurant in Newton , Mass. and who went up to New Hampshire on Tuesdays with some of her staff Dianna volunteer . Dianna organized Dianna Christmas party for Trump supporters in Massachusetts in December . There was Champagne on every table . The Mr. Trump cutout of Trump was there , too . " I ’m relieved , " she says Dianna Mr. Trump He won . I think he ’s going to deliver . " Miles driven : 427 . Miles to go : 43 . _ _ _ _ _ WASHINGTON , 11:50 p. m. : We pull into the parking garage at Dianna ’s Dianna in southwest Washington , ride the elevator to the eighth floor He and walk into a spacious    with parquet floors . Scott holds cardboard Trump . There is Scott view of the Washington Monument . " Wow , it Mr. Trump huge , " Dianna says Dianna looking out a long glass sliding door . " This is , like , pretty fancy . " Scott stands the    up . I Scott the two of them how it feels to be at the end of this     journey a view of the Washington Monument " It ’s the end , but it ’s the beginning , " Dianna says Dianna " Now , it ’s a new chapter in our lives , for the country , for Mr. Trump . Let ’s see what he can do . " Miles driven : Mr. Trump Miles to it : the end of this    journey Mr. Trump this country it it our 