WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump took a shot on Tuesday at one of the nation ’s largest manufacturers , Boeing , sharply criticizing a pending order for a new Air Force One and suggesting that Boeing was " doing a little bit of a number " with the cost of the next generation of presidential aircraft . " Boeing Boeing building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents , but costs are out of control , more than $ 4 billion , " Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter . " Cancel order ! " Although his Mr. Trump attracted attention because it was about the most famous airplane in the world , the significance may be broader : For perhaps the first time since President John F. Kennedy took on the steel industry in the early 1960s , the heads of big American companies are being confronted by a leader willing to call them the heads of big American companies directly and publicly for his President John F. Kennedy and political aims . Although President Obama forcefully criticized Wall Street and the financial industry after Lehman Brothers collapsed in 2008 , he President Obama not to single out individual companies . But Mr. Trump is now targeting Boeing a week after he Mr. Trump Carrier and its Carrier company , United Technologies , to keep about 1 , 000 manufacturing jobs in Indiana , and three weeks after he Mr. Trump out a Ford plant in Kentucky . Executives who give him Mr. Trump he Mr. Trump may also be rewarded . On Tuesday afternoon , the    escorted the billionaire Japanese businessman Masayoshi Son to the lobby of Trump Tower to announce that the technology conglomerate SoftBank Group would be investing $ 50 billion in the United States . He the billionaire Japanese businessman Masayoshi Son Mr. the billionaire Japanese businessman Masayoshi Son of " the great men of industry . " Mr. Son the billionaire Japanese businessman Masayoshi Son investment , which will come from a previously announced $ 100 billion fund , as he is pressing the billionaire Japanese businessman Masayoshi Son merge the wireless company Sprint , which his firm owns the billionaire Japanese businessman Masayoshi Son controlling interest in , with   : a merger that Mr. Obama ’s regulators have blocked . What is motivating Mr. Trump is not always clear . His transition team Mr. Trump receiving information about major federal programs , and Mr. Trump received Mr. Trump on Monday that included the cost of the Air Force One project , according to a person familiar with the discussion . But he also made his Mr. Trump about the Mr. Trump Force One the Air Force One The Chicago Tribune published comments from Boeing ’s chief executive , Dennis Muilenburg , suggesting that the   ’s trade policies could hurt the company , which does substantial business in China . But Mr. Trump did not focus on Boeing broadly . Instead , he focused Boeing the Air Force One Mr. Trump , telling the Air Force One , " The plane is totally out of control . " " It ’s going to be over $ 4 billion for The plane Air Force One program , and I think it the Air Force One he said . " I think Boeing is The plane a little bit of Mr. Trump number . We want Boeing Boeing make a lot of money , but not that Boeing money Boeing " In a statement after Mr. Trump ’s Twitter post , Boeing said it had a $ 170 million contract to study the equipment Boeing a Boeing Air Force One might need . That project has just gotten underway , so billions of dollars in cost overruns at this point appear to be impossible . " Some of the statistics that have been , uh , cited , shall we say , do n’t appear to reflect the nature of the financial Boeing between Boeing and the Department of Defense , " the White House press secretary Boeing Josh Earnest , said . Air Force officials said they were proposing to spend $ 2 . 7 billion over the next Air Force officials years to research , develop and test communications technologies and other advanced systems . The Air Force would then buy two    aircraft , which normally cost Air Force million to $ 400 million apiece , and refit them to include all the new systems and handle extra weight . The planes would two   aircraft, which normally cost airlines $350 million to $400 million apiece be ready to fly until 2024 , so Mr. Trump ’s $ 4 billion estimate may ultimately be about correct . However , since nothing but the basic study contract has been awarded yet , his administration could cut back or reshape the Air Force proposal in any way it Mr. Trump Congress wanted . " We look Air Force with the U. S. Air Force his administration subsequent phases of the program , allowing us to deliver the best planes for the president at the best value for the American taxpayer We " Boeing said . Aviation analysts were more blunt . " This is getting ridiculous fast , when an important policy and acquisition decision is being made by Twitter , " said Richard L. Aboulafia , an aviation consultant with the Teal Group in Fairfax , Va. Mr. Trump ’s willingness to intervene at the individual corporate level is a stark departure from Republican orthodoxy , which has long objected to the government ’s picking winners and losers . Greg Hayes , the chief executive of United Technologies , seemed to imply on CNBC on Monday that he felt pressured . " There was a cost as we thought about keeping the Indiana plant Mr. Trump , " he said . " At the same time , " he added , " I was born Mr. Trump night , but not last night . I also Mr. Trump that about 10 percent of our revenue comes from the U. S. government . " Some of the jobs saved from Mexico will probably fall to automation . Carrier will invest $ 16 million in the Indianapolis plant to automate its operations and " drive the cost down so that we can the Indiana plant competitive , " Mr. Carrier said . " What that ultimately means is there Carrier be fewer jobs . " Mr. Trump ’s Air Force One post came out of the blue : He had not focused in the campaign on the cost of Boeing ’s plans for a    presidential plane Mr. Trump Last week , Mr. Muilenburg , Boeing ’s chief executive , said that    of all the commercial airplanes it sold were for use in Boeing where Boeing is in a tense competition with Europe ’s Airbus , its main rival . Like other major exporters , Boeing is concerned that if Mr. Trump offends Chinese leaders or Boeing tariffs against imports , China could retaliate by buying more planes from Airbus , which would reduce jobs at Boeing . Mr. Trump certainly China that as president , he will no longer be flying his own ,    Boeing 757 Mr. Trump Secret Service and the Defense Department would Mr. Trump . Beyond convenience , Air Mr. Trump One carries an array of    communications gear for conducting everyday business and for managing a global crisis   —    even wartime operations , if required   —    while aloft . It is also equipped with a number of    security features . The communications systems on the planes now in use were designed in the 1980s . The new ones would incorporate the latest advances , as well as    defenses . The planes would also need other highly classified systems to protect the president that the Air Force will not discuss . the planes the proposals considered several years ago for a new presidential helicopter were technologies to help prevent terrorist attacks and to resist the electromagnetic effects of a nuclear blast . Mr. Aboulafia said Air Force One needed to have antimissile defenses like jamming and electronic countermeasures to keep the president safe . Mr. Trump could eliminate some of these features to cut costs . But " talk about the ultimate Mr. Aboulafia wise and pound foolishness , " Mr. Aboulafia said . " We ’re talking about Pentagon weapons accounts that are going to $ 200 billion a year , and Mr. Aboulafia going to nickel and dime the survivability of the president ’s jet . That is about as dysfunctional as it gets . " Mr. Trump could make good on his threat and Mr. Aboulafia from his budget request for the fiscal year that begins in October 2017 , the first budget year of his Mr. Trump . But ultimately , Congress controls Mr. Trump federal purse strings , and lawmakers with parochial interests are already weighing in . " Replacing the Mr. Trump Air Force One aircraft will support    jobs throughout northwest Washington and is important to ensuring the safety and security of future presidents , " Senator Patty Murray , Senator Maria Cantwell and Representative Rick Larsen , all Democrats of Washington , said in a joint statement Boeing ’s largest factories are in the Seattle area . " The   ’s tweet does nothing to change Washington basic facts . " 
 