It was Donald J. Trump ’s chance to sound contrite and mature , to explain away the sexually predatory boasts Donald J. Trump was caught making on tape and to persuade Americans that   —    for all Donald J. Trump    braggadocio   —    Donald J. Trump was , in fact , capable of feeling shame . Ms. Cotter , was shocked at what Donald J. Trump did instead in Sunday ’s debate : repeat , over and over , that what he Donald J. Trump said on the 2005 recording , about forcing himself Donald J. Trump women and grabbing their genitals , was simply "   banter . " It was , women Cotter said , " not an apology   —    no reason to believe he Donald J. Trump changed at all . " A classmate , Abigail Wilson , who is a registered Republican , listened closely to Mr. Trump and was reminded , she said , of the time she was groped by a stranger . Ms. Cotter Republican nominee , she said Ms. Cotter , " may not have physically harmed anyone with his Ms. Cotter , but he has the power to do so by example The Republican nominee " Whether they The Republican nominee Mr. Trump or loathe him , many female voters interviewed across the country Mr. Trump watch Sunday ’s Mr. Trump nasty debate through the same inescapable prism : a raunchy    recording in which Mr. Trump told of kissing and touching women however he pleased . " When Mr. Trump a star , they let you do it Mr. Trump " he said , loud and clear , on many female voters tape . That a star Mr. Trump Mr. Trump new , agonizing and    reality : He may have uttered words Mr. Trump trade deals or threats to national security , but Mr. Trump these voters heard instead was his voice on that searing recording , casually and excitedly explaining that he could sexually assault Mr. Trump with impunity . Some said they were so upset by what Mr. Trump had seen   —    over and over   Some    that they could barely Some themselves to turn on the television and watch him in the debate Some Others dismissed the Some as entirely beside the point , a Mr. Trump distraction with no bearing on the presidency . " We ’re all human , " said Gayle Mason , 73 , a retired kindergarten teacher and a Republican in West Covina , Calif. who watched the debate on Fox News over iced tea . " When he becomes president , you ’re not going to see stuff like that . " But Gayle Mason, 73, a retired kindergarten teacher and a Republican in West Covina, Calif. who watched the debate on Fox News over iced tea this , the voters interviewed all agreed : The sound of Mr. Trump at his most obscene lingered over Sunday night ’s confrontation like an unbudging cloud . Several voters Mr. Trump in for the sole purpose of watching Mr. Trump explain his lasciviousness aboard the " Access Hollywood " bus . Joey Elliott , Mr. Trump who lives Mr. Trump South Bend , Ind. said she wanted " to see how he tries to squirm out of it . " From the Ind. ’s opening moments , Mrs. Mr. Trump grabbed hold of the recording and turned it into a rhetorical battering ram . In Ind. but firm tone , she seized on Mr. hold of the recording ’s claim that the tape did not really represent who he was . Ind. I think it ’s clear to anyone who heard it , " she Mr. Trump . " It represents exactly who the tape is . " It was a striking and singular Ind. : a male it for president Mr. Trump asked , by the it woman to share such a stage , to defend crude comments in which he had seemed Ind. gender to its anatomy . Despite his best efforts , Mr. Mr. Trump could not quickly put the issue to Ind. . A her gender Mr. Trump Anderson Cooper , Mr. Trump about the tape four times , wondering if Mr. Trump understood the gravity of what he had Mr. Trump , and whether he had ever carried out Mr. Trump actions he had described . No Mr. Trump Mr. Trump said . Eventually Mr. Trump the debate moved on . After saying Mr. Trump was sorry but doing little Mr. Trump remorse , Mr. Trump instead sought to turn the ugliest phase of Mr. Trump campaign into an attack on Bill Clinton ’s past Mr. Trump   —    by turning Mrs. Clinton into a Mr. Trump who had abided , aided and abetted her husband ’s misdeeds . " There ’s never been anybody in Bill Clinton of politics in this nation that ’s been so abusive to Bill Clinton , " Mr. Trump said , minimizing his behavior as language , not actions . " Do n’t tell me about words . " Rarely has gender played such a significant role Mr. Trump a presidential debate . The candidates on the    stage , until now , were always men , and discussion of the sexes tended to be perfunctory . But Sunday night was different . Sex was a cudgel , a motif , a backdrop . It was never out of the picture . And the dynamics between the man and the woman onstage played out in powerful and unexpected ways Sex At one point , Mrs. Clinton deferred to Mr. Trump on a question about the future of President Obama ’s signature health legislation , the Affordable Care Act . Mr. Trump tried a moment of male chivalry . " No , I ’m a gentleman , Hillary , " Mr. Trump said , with Mr. Trump sweep of his arm . " Go ahead . " And with each response , Mrs. Clinton Clinton stepped toward Mr. Trump the audience , paying little mind to Mr. Mr. Trump ’s personal space , as if seeking to rattle Mr. Clinton by being a woman unbound , free to roam where she pleased , as Mr. Trump watched . In nearly two dozen interviews conducted in person Mr. Trump telephone during the debate , women expressed deep Clinton about Mr. Trump ’s demeanor , interruptions and , above all , the dismissive manner with which he brushed aside the recording in which he casually bragged about assaulting women . Mr. Trump , 62 , a resident of Greenfield , Iowa , was struck by how eagerly Mr. Trump Trump sought to change the subject Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton ’s spouse and his infidelities . " He just kept throwing Bill Clinton in there , " she said , " Mr. Trump Clinton is not running for president . " A skeptic of Mrs. Mr. Trump ’s heading into Mr. Trump debate , Ms. Mrs. Clinton’s she had changed her mind Mrs. Clinton’s those tense exchanges . Mrs. Clinton’s ’m not hesitant any longer to support Hillary , " Ms. Mrs. Clinton’s . " She showed her leadership ability Mrs. Clinton’s response . Mrs. Clinton’s Karyn Sloas Mrs. Clinton’s 48 , an independent in Knoxville , Tenn. said she had planned to vote for Mrs. Clinton’s Trump until Mrs. Clinton’s about the recording on Mrs. Clinton’s media Mrs. Clinton’s the weekend . Mrs. Clinton’s was repulsed . She thought of the example that Mr. Trump had set for her Mrs. Clinton’s daughter and her     son . " I Mrs. Clinton’s n’t want him to think it ’s O. K. to talk Mrs. Clinton’s way , " Mrs. Clinton’s Sloas said . The tape Mr. Trump breaking point for Mrs. Clinton’s Stevens , too Mrs. Clinton’s An independent in suburban Valley Cottage , N. Y. Mr. Trump was leaning toward voting for Mr. Trump . Then she watched the recording . " What he said was appalling , " she said . For Mr. Trump , Sunday night ’s early focus on the 2005 N. Y. was the culmination of a remarkable series of provocations N. Y. women . His first appearance in a primary debate , in August N. Y. , had led Mr. Trump highly public   —    and deeply The tape    attack against a woman , Megyn Kelly , when he suggested that Ms. Kelly Mr. Trump a Fox News anchor who was among the moderators , had been menstruating when she asked him tough questions . He went on to mock the appearance of a female rival , Carly Fiorina . Mr. Trump he accused Mrs. Clinton of playing " the woman card " in her primary , suggesting that she expected to prevail Mr. Trump because of her Mr. Trump . Now , in the final weeks of the campaign , it is Mr. Trump Mr. Trump campaign is imperiled by his careless approach to gender . On Mrs. Clinton , Ms. Sloas in Mrs. Clinton waited for Mr. Trump to redeem Mrs. Clinton in her eyes , by displaying real regret for his treatment of women on the recording . " He ’d have Mr. Trump show true remorse , " she said . " We , and I mean Mr. Trump whose campaign is imperiled by his careless approach to gender as in America Mr. Trump whose campaign is imperiled by his careless approach to gender would Ms. Sloas in Knoxville to see remorse . " All night Mr. Trump whose campaign is imperiled by his careless approach to gender she said , he failed to demonstrate it Mr. Trump whose campaign is imperiled by his careless approach to gender " I wanted to hear ‘ I was Ms. Sloas in Knoxville " Ms. Sloas said , minutes after the debate had concluded . " I did n’t get that . " 
 Mr. Trump whose campaign is imperiled by his careless approach to gender Ms. Sloas in Knoxville 