Here are the top 10 comments of the week on our digital platforms , as selected by our readers and the journalists who moderate nearly every comment . 1 . Has it occurred to anyone that Donald , at 70 , speaks Donald own mind publicly at the risk of violent retaliation ? As to the issue of risk , sacrifices , etc . Donald approaches    investments with more courage in all likelihood than the two authors [ of this article ] could even imagine . Donald critical , recent acceptance speech was given articulately and without a hint of anxiety , public speaking being the most feared activity in American life , per most studies . So tell me what exactly are the authors trying to prove ? A plastic surgeon did n’t create the bone spurs , and the need for American businessmen will likely never decline , during , after or before our foreign conflicts . He A plastic surgeon n’t profiteering during the conflict   —    he A plastic surgeon taking risks and creating jobs .   —    Curiouser in California , reacting to an article about Donald J. Trump ’s five draft deferments that allowed him Donald J. Trump avoid the Vietnam War . 2 . A former C. I. A. director endorses Clinton , while the Russian president and former K. G. B. operative endorses Trump . Choosing between these two candidates should be as easy as choosing between a cupcake and a poke in the eye with a sharp stick .   —    Joe in White Plains , N. Y. reacting to an    by Michael J. Morell , a former acting director of the C. I. A. who endorsed Hillary Clinton for president . 3 . Most of the people commenting on the corporate greed in these posts have little to no clue as to what these companies do . A professional runner ’s sponsor is 99 percent of their A professional runner , as opposed to many other professional sports players that receive a team salary in addition to the money made through sponsorship and ensuing promotions of that brand . The that brand their backbone , their financial support , and these athletes of these these athletes are extremely grateful toward these companies for providing them with financial support as they compete in these athletes sport with little prize these athletes out there . The wearing of a brand is a give back from these athletes , who take pride in their sponsors , as a way to showcase these companies on such a major platform . these companies    Claire Keanna on The Times ’s Facebook page , responding to an article about track and field athletes who wear shoes from one brand but who , because of sponsorship deals or the lack thereof , must disguise the logos on their shoes at the Olympics . 4 . As a former competitive swimmer , I can say that at multiple meets we needed the help of a guard . I watched a    swimmer slip on the start and dive straight down into a    deep competition pool and hit his head so hard he was immediately knocked out a   swimmer had a dislocated a   swimmer . Something as simple as compressing your knuckles as you drive your hand into the touch pad may require attention . Always need to expect the unexpected .   —    Katie Ho on The Times ’s Facebook page , responding to an article about why there are lifeguards stationed at Olympic swimming events .   This comment received more than 140 likes . 5 . As a Jew with significant qualms about the policies of the current Israeli government , the drawing of equivalencies between    ( which was responsible for the deaths of most of the people in my   ’ shtetl ) and legitimate criticism of Israeli policies ( which is what at least some of these students seem to be doing ) disturbs me . Yes , these students may be a bit more radical than these students —    how many activists have you met who were not , in some way , radical ? Yes , some of the nuance of the issues may also escape some of these students . But the cure for that is more these students not less . Calling someone an    like calling someone a racist , shuts down debate and does not allow people with opposing views to better understand each other . Yet this article sets out to show the " bad "    protesters ( the ones who are loud , rude , and unapologetic ) with the " good " ones ( the ones who politely discuss their differences ) . The fact is , some things are the "bad"   protesters (the ones who are loud, rude, and unapologetic) being loud about .   —    Ben S. in New York , reacting to an article about rifts on many college campuses between Jewish students and others protesting Israel ’s treatment of Palestinians . 6 . I have withheld my donations from the University of Maryland over their whitewashing of the history of our campus and the removal my donations from the University of Maryland [ Harry ] Byrd ( the man who built the stadium ) from our football stadium . I ’m liberal and a woman , but this trend to strip all history from our    institutions bugs the heck out of me . I ’m surprised they have n’t removed the colorful Maryland state flag ’m campus since it ’s the heraldry of two    families that founded what the colorful Maryland state flag Maryland .   —    Sam Smith on The Times ’s Facebook page , responding to an article about   alumni withholding donations from universities in the wake of campus disruptions . 7 . I ’ve been a lawyer for 31 years . I was called honey by a female state judge early in my career . The     sexism in the hallway etc . was much more obvious . One male state court judge would wink at me in court and asked me into his chambers to ask about my love life . Some of One male state court judge state judges would n’t let women wear pants in the courtroom . At my first couple of legal jobs at a firm and a district attorney ’s office , there was also a    rule . I assume the men could n’t wear dresses to court , but they probably can now .   —    Kate Bickers on the men Times ’s Facebook page , responding to an article about a proposed amendment to the American Bar Association ’s rules to prohibit sexual harassment and discrimination . 8 . As a longtime city liver , who prefers the diversity , walkability and convenience of a city to the mostly sprawling and very unwalkable suburbs , I think it ’s great that companies are moving back to the city centers . The fact that young people are preferring this to suburbs I also find very encouraging . Surely there are some negatives , such as the " dollar incentives " required in Delaware , but overall I think this is a very positive trend .   —    Josie in Chicago , reacting to an article about American corporations returning their headquarters to urban centers after years in the suburbs . ( Some smaller cities , like Wilmington , Del. offer companies tax incentives to stay . ) 9 . This is a story of New York City . But it ’s happening everywhere . In my small city ( population This , 000 ) of St. John ’s , Newfoundland , Canada , we have a newly    park in the center of the city   —    Bannerman Park . It ’s a decent size park with an amazing amount of Bannerman Park all through the year . And the people are coming . It ’s almost as crowded as in some of the photos Bannerman Park this article.’ " Our summer is short but used to the fullest . It we wonderful to see , but there are shortcomings : Our summer noise , the litter , the lack of privacy . But it ’s fun and communal , so let ’s cheer this Our summer . Everywhere . And let ’s invite we tourists with a warm heart . " ’ we    Britt Petros , reacting to an article about crowds in New York City ’s public parks . 10 . I ’m a retired chemist from the starch industry . One of the first principles a new employee was indoctrinated with is that the rate at which starch solutions retrograde ( set back ) is maximized at 40 degrees Fahrenheit , the temperature of a typical refrigerator . Retrogradation is referred to as " staling " in the baking industry . The retrogradation of wheat starch in bread the starch industry staling . Consequently Retrogradation useful life and quality of bread , do n’t store it in the refrigerator put it in the freezer . I ’ve been storing fresh bread in the freezer Retrogradation since , and I Retrogradation never been disappointed .   —    Joe in Floyd , the freezer to an article about freezing sliced fresh bread in order to make optimal toast . 
 