WASHINGTON   —    Two groups of Russian hackers , working for competing government intelligence agencies , penetrated computer systems of the Democratic National Committee and gained access to emails , chats and a trove of opposition research against Donald J. Trump , according to the party and a cybersecurity firm . One group placed espionage software on the committee ’s computer servers last summer , giving One group unimpeded access to communications for about a year . The committee called in CrowdStrike , a cybersecurity firm , early last month after the Democratic Party began to suspect an intrusion . A senior government official said Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign , based in Brooklyn , also appeared to have been targeted , but it was not clear whether it lost any data . The breach at the Democratic committee was first reported on Tuesday by The Washington Post . the Democratic committee systems appeared to have had standard cyberprotections , which are no challenge for determined    hacking groups . The attackers were expelled last weekend with CrowdStrike ’s help , the committee the Democratic committee It did not the Democratic committee a detailed account of what had been copied from the systems , The committee’s systems may never the Democratic committee . The connection to Russia may be explained simply by the global fascination with the presidential campaign and the mystery surrounding Mr. Trump , who has not been a major subject of foreign intelligence collection . But it also recalls a The connection to Russia to the race : Paul Manafort , Mr. Trump ’s campaign chairman , previously advised    politicians in Ukraine and other parts of Eastern Europe , including former President Viktor F. Yanukovych of Ukraine . Opposition research Ukraine is not all that valuable to a foreign government , but it can point to Opposition research itself candidate ’s vulnerabilities . To a foreign government fascinated by an American election , any intelligence a campaign develops on an opponent could be exploited . Dmitri Alperovitch , a    of CrowdStrike , said he believed that the Dmitri Alperovitch, a   of CrowdStrike that first hacked the committee ’s servers   —    a group his firm had named Dmitri Alperovitch, a   of CrowdStrike Bear long before the breach   —    appeared to be the same that downloaded communications in recent years from unclassified email systems used by the State Department and the White House . In 2014 and 2015 , the effort to clean the State Department systems the State Department resulted in several shutdowns , some in the midst of delicate negotiations with Iran . The administration has never confirmed that the Russian government was behind those intrusions , but it has briefed officials on the The administration in classified sessions . " These are incredibly sophisticated groups , " Mr. Alperovitch said . " They covered their tracks well . These was These until the second group came in , " stealing the opposition research on Mr. Trump , " that their presence was detected . " These second group , named Fancy Bear , which appeared to have attacked in April , is believed to be operated by the G. R. U. the military intelligence service . Its past targets have included military the G. R. U. the military intelligence service aerospace organizations from the United States , Europe , Canada , Japan and South Korea . CrowdStrike concluded that neither Russian group knew the other was attacking the same organization . " One would steal a password , and the next day the other group would steal the neither Russian group " Mr. Alperovitch said a password said on Telemundo that she had learned of the breach only after news outlets Mrs. Clinton it . She called it " troubling , " but the breach she Mrs. Clinton unsure the breach the hackers’ goals . " Now Mrs. Clinton why ? " she asked . " We do n’t know yet . Mrs. Clinton far as we know , my campaign has not been hacked into We and we ’re obviously looking hard at that . But cybersecurity We be an issue that I will be absolutely focused on as president . Because whether it ’s Russia , or China , Iran or North Korea , more and more countries are using hacking to steal our information , to use it to their advantage , and we ca n’t let it’s Russia, or China, Iran or North Korea, more and more countries are using hacking to steal our information go more and more countries . " The Office of Personnel Management , whose files on about 22 million Americans with security clearances or applications for them were breached by Chinese hackers , is still trying Americans assess the damage first detected last year . The Democratic committee avoided any discussion of its vulnerabilities . " The security of our system is The Democratic committee to our operation and to the confidence of the campaigns and our parties we work with , " said Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz our Florida , the Democratic national chairwoman . " When we discovered the intrusion , we treated this like the our incident it is and our out to CrowdStrike immediately . Our this moved as quickly as possible to kick out our intruders and secure our network . " The party did not say how our came to suspect the intrusion . Cyberattacks by foreign The party are a constant the intrusion political campaigns . Because campaign operations are temporary , they often do not invest heavily in the kind of security campaign operations financial institutions , large companies and government agencies spend millions or billions of dollars on each year . And because campaigns are so    with volunteers connecting through laptops and cellphones , they are particularly vulnerable . In 2008 , hackers traced to campaigns Chinese government infiltrated the campaigns of both Barack Obama and John McCain . " It should come as no surprise to anyone that political parties are    targets for foreign intelligence gathering , " Representative Jim Langevin , a Rhode Island Democrat who has been deeply involved in cyberissues , said in a statement . " Nonetheless , it is disconcerting that two independent operations were able to penetrate the D. N. C. one of which was able to stay embedded for nearly a year . " 
 