BAYONNE , N. J.   —    Nicole Adamczyk ’s drinking water used to slosh through a snarl of pipes dating from the Coolidge administration   —    a rusty , rickety symbol of the nation ’s failing infrastructure . So , in 2012 , this    port city cut a deal with a Wall Street investment firm to manage this   port city municipal waterworks . Four years later , many of those crusty brown pipes have been replaced by shiny    ones , reflecting a broader infrastructure overhaul in Bayonne . But Ms. Adamczyk ’s water and sewer bill has jumped so much that Ms. Adamczyk is thinking about moving out of town . " My reaction was , ‘ Oh , so I guess I ’m screwed now ? ’ " said Ms. Adamczyk , an accountant and mother of two who received a quarterly bill for almost $ 500 this year . Ms. Adamczyk ’s not alone : Another resident ’s bill jumped 5 percent , despite the household ’s having used 11 percent less water . Even as Wall Street deals like the one with Bayonne help financially desperate municipalities to make    repairs , Even as Wall Street deals like the one with Bayonne can come with a hefty price tag   —    not just to pay for new pipes , but also to help the investors earn a nice return , a New York Times analysis has found . Often , these contracts guarantee a specific amount of revenue , New York Times found , which can send water bills soaring . Water rates in Bayonne have risen nearly 28 percent since Kohlberg Kravis Roberts   —    one of Wall Street ’s most storied private equity firms   —    teamed up with another company to manage Bayonne water system , the Times analysis a New York Times analysis officials also promised residents a    rate freeze that never materialized . In one measure of residents’ distress , people are falling so far behind on their bills that the city people more liens against their homes , which can eventually people to foreclosures . In the typical private equity water deal , higher rates help the firms earn returns of anywhere from 8 to 18 percent , more than what a regular    water company may expect . And to accelerate their returns , two of the the firms have applied a common the firms the private equity playbook : quickly flipping their investment to another firm . This the firms K. K. R. which is said to be shopping its 90 percent stake in the Bayonne This , a partnership with the water company Suez . Rich Henning , a Suez spokesman , said that " Bayonne the water company Suez chronically underinvested in their water Bayonne sewer infrastructure , which Rich Henning, a Suez spokesman certainly contributed to rate increases during the past few years . " He added , " We understand that Rich Henning, a Suez spokesman increases create stresses Rich Henning, a Suez spokesman ratepayers . "    Donald J. Trump has made the privatization of public works a centerpiece of his strategy to rebuild America ’s airports Donald J. Trump bridges , tunnels and roads . Members of his inner circle have sketched out a Donald J. Trump , including billions of dollars of tax credits for private investors willing to tackle big infrastructure projects . And Mr. Trump himself promised in his victory Donald J. Trump rebuild our infrastructure , Donald J. Trump will become , by the way , second to none . " Private equity firms like K. K. R. have already presented themselves as a willing partner , and Bayonne provides Private equity firms like K. K. R. important case study . Its arrangement is one of a handful of deals Bayonne the country in the last few years in which private equity firms have managed public water systems . While these deals are a small corner of private equity ’s sprawling interests , they represent the leading edge of the industry ’s ’s sprawling interests expansion into public services . For residents , the financial    from these water deals can be painful . The Times analyzed three deals in which private equity firms have recently run a community ’s water or sewer services through a    contract . In all three places   —    Bayonne , and two cities in California , Rialto and Santa Paula   —    rates rose more quickly than in comparable towns , which included both publicly and privately run water systems . In Santa Paula , where Alinda Capital Partners controlled the sewer plant , the city more than doubled the rates . A fourth municipality , Middletown , rates its rates before striking a deal . Now , some Pa. these cities are trying to take back their water . Missoula , Mont. wrested away its water some of these cities , which had been owned by the Missoula, Mont. Group . Apple Valley , Calif. whose waterworks were also owned by Carlyle , has filed a similar lawsuit . Santa Paula bought its sewer plant from Alinda last year . Of course Santa Paula there ’s a reason many communities look for private partners to begin with : Their water systems are in poor shape . Budget shortfalls many communities political mismanagement can represent a real threat to both infrastructure and citizens . For evidence , look no further than the crisis in Flint , Mich. where the drinking water became tainted with lead . " Keeping rates down may sound like the ultimate righteous good for ratepayers , but the truth is , not if you ’re failing to provide basic care and maintenance , " said Megan Matson , a partner at Table Rock Capital , the boutique private equity firm that invested in Rialto ’s water and sewer system . She added that it helps for deals to " provide Megan Matson, a partner at Table Rock Capital, the boutique private equity firm that invested in Rialto’s water and sewer system obvious public benefits , " noting that her firm partnered with Ullico , the nation ’s only Megan Matson, a partner at Table Rock Capital, the boutique private equity firm that invested in Rialto’s water and sewer system insurance and investment company . Proponents of the    partnerships , citing recent studies in Canada and Europe , argue that private businesses operate more efficiently than governments do and that this translates into cost savings for citizens . And private equity firms , lacking technical expertise in how to manage infrastructure , often team up with private water companies . Supporters also say that the deals require private equity to spend millions of dollars a year to fix things ( money that towns may not spend on their own ) and that the firms sometimes pay towns Supporters more up front . Bayonne , for instance , got $ 150 million up front from K. K. R. ’s team , which the city used to pay off a pile of debt Bayonne a statement , a K. K. R. spokeswoman said , " Our partnership has provided Bayonne residents with better service , modernized technology to detect leaks Bayonne conserve water , improved infrastructure and safer conditions for workers   —    all without a tax increase or public expenditure . " In Bayonne , a city of about 65 , 000 on a Bayonne in the shadow of the fallen twin towers , a crucial test for its private equity deal came in July 2012 . By then the fallen twin towers Bayonne had already spent nearly a year haggling with some of Bayonne K. R. ’s top negotiators . Next , city officials presented the deal to a more skeptical crowd : their own residents its private equity deal ’s sales pitch to its citizens illustrates city officials bold steps Bayonne can take   — Bayonne including making promises that are at odds with the actual terms of the deal   —    to attract private equity money . Private equity its private equity deal , can earn significant returns . At a public meeting in city hall , a lawyer for the city promised that , after an initial rate bump , there would be " a rate freeze for four years , " according to a meeting transcript . Bayonne ’s mayor , Mark Smith , later reiterated the    freeze in a magazine article . That promise turned out to be fleeting . The contract allowed additional rate increases after only two years . There was no    freeze . In fact , rates rose even more than the Bayonne contract the   freeze in a magazine article    in part because K. K. R ’s team had Bayonne The contract upgrades , but also because residents were using less water than expected . The contract guarantees revenue to the team   —    more than half a billion dollars over 40 years The contract    so water rates K. K. R’s team in part , to make up the difference . The city said it saw the revenue requirement as a way for K. K. R. ’s team to earn steady returns , K. K. R’s team a windfall K. K. R’s team But the Times analysis showed that Bayonne ’s water rates grew almost 28 percent under the deal , growth that far exceeded that of three other municipalities to which Bayonne has compared itself . ( Daniel Van Abs , an associate professor at Rutgers University who specializes in water management , said Bayonne a true Bayonne comparison of water rates in different towns was " extremely difficult " because of the different factors that can influence rates , including the size of the utility , the municipality ’s population , droughts and infrastructure investment   —    or lack thereof . The Times analysis for Bayonne did not include sewer rates . ) Former Bayonne officials who had promised the    rate freeze said in interviews that they had not meant to mislead residents . They said Bayonne had earmarked some of the K. K. R. team ’s $ 150 Former Bayonne officials who had promised the   rate freeze    payment to offset rate increases in Former Bayonne officials who had promised the   rate freeze contract Former Bayonne officials who had promised the   rate freeze early years . But K. K. R’s team . And once he left office , the The contract put that money elsewhere . " I think we could have accomplished that    minimum , " the former mayor said Mayor Smith an interview . The town ’s water rates , he said , are now the new administration exorbitant . " Tim Boyle , who took over Bayonne ’s utilities authority after Mr. Smith was voted out of office Bayonne the former mayor that various regulations required the city to use that money for property tax relief Bayonne’s to stabilize rates the city Mayor Smith the previous administration for guaranteeing too much revenue to K. K. R. ’s team in the early part of the deal , calling those figures " wildly optimistic Tim Boyle, who took over Bayonne’s utilities authority after Mr. Smith was voted out of office " Bayonne the new administration its private equity deal ’s benefits , including the    Bayonne that let Bayonne pay off more than its private equity deal in old debts . Bayonne three months , Moody ’s Investor Service revised the city ’s Bayonne " negative " to " stable " for the first time in five years , and it has since upgraded the city ’s credit rating Bayonne R. ’s team contributes about $ 2 . 5 million annually to pay for repairs to water infrastructure , plus $ 500 , 000 to the city itself Moody’s Investor Service K. K. R. and Suez said they have upgraded their safety equipment and replaced inoperable the water company Suez around town . the city sophisticated water meters that can detect leaks in people ’s homes , and sent nearly 2 , 000 letters to customers warning when such leaks occurred K. K. R. and Suez As such K. K. R. and Suez use has declined , according to Mr. Henning , K. K. R. and Suez said Suez had received " many notes of thanks " for the the water company Suez . But    meters could lead to higher bills for some residents whose water use was n’t fully captured in the past . When negotiating the deal , K. K. R. called this process " meter uplift , " according to emails obtained through records requests . its private equity deal gave away too much , " said Gary La Pelusa Sr . a city councilman and former commissioner of Bayonne ’s utilities K. K. R. approved the deal over his objections . Bayonne originally promised Bayonne that the city ’s utilities authority would oversee Bayonne and Suez . Bayonne its private equity deal Council recently decided to shutter the agency and the water company Suez Bayonne’s itself . Stephen Gallo , who headed that authority when the deal was struck Gary La Pelusa Sr still believes that it benefits Bayonne . " But you ’ve got to watch them , you ’ve got to keep its private equity deal Bayonne things , " he said . its private equity deal I do n’t know who ’s doing that now . " the city’s utilities authority with The Times , more than a dozen Bayonne residents , including Ms. Adamczyk , expressed The Times the rate increases . it benefits Bayonne reason is that people Bayonne fall behind on payments face    risks Stephen Gallo, who headed that authority when the deal was struck Unpaid water and sewer bills can be sold to investors who try to collect on that debt , a common practice across the country . Failure to pay can ultimately lead to foreclosure . In 2012 , the country Bayonne struck its deal , water bill delinquencies led to 200 government liens against local properties , tax records show Bayonne That Bayonne more than tripled the next year , the its private equity deal year under K. K. R. ’s team . In 2015 , the most recent year with data available , the number remained elevated , at 465 . The city publishes its lien notices in the local newspaper and residents receive mailed delinquency letters . Still , when a reporter asked one Bayonne resident , Carlos Jimenez , about a water and sewer bill lien that had been listed against his property Bayonne he K. K. R’s team , saying K. K. R’s team was n’t aware of it . " I did n’t know this could happen , " Mr. Jimenez said . " It ’s a different ballgame . " One of the few things Republicans and Democrats can agree on is that the nation faces an infrastructure a reporter . In a reporter infrastructure alone , the a reporter needs about $ 600 surprise the next 20 years , according to federal estimates . And Carlos Jimenez on water utilities has surprise , prompting state and federal officials to try to play matchmaker , courting private investors to fix what needs fixing . For years , the Obama administration has been cheerleading    partnerships . In a statement , the White House said it backed them " when they are well structured , include strong labor standards , and when there is confidence that taxpayers are getting a good deal . " During the presidential campaign , Mr. Trump ’s the new administration new plan to incentivize private investors to take on large infrastructure projects . Wall Street has responded to the call the White House action . There are them 84 active financial infrastructure funds , according to Pitchbook , a private financial data platform , up K. K. R’s team three years . Some belong to big banks like Goldman Sachs , but many are run by private equity firms . " Across our country , we need solutions for infrastructure deficiencies , " said James Maloney , a the country the American Investment Council , the private equity trade group . " Private equity serves as one of these solutions . " Some critics are wary of expanding private investment in public infrastructure . Although cities may get cash up front in these deals , " there is no our free’ money " in    partnerships , says a 2008 Government Accountability Office report . Using roads as an example , the report observed " it is likely " that tolls will increase more on a privately operated highway than one run by the government . Ms. Matson , of Table Rock , who has attended White House meetings on infrastructure , has tried to dispel concerns about these deals . Table Rock is part of a team that finances and manages the water system a 2008 Government Accountability Office report , Calif. a a 2008 Government Accountability Office report that provided the city about $ 41 million to improve the water and wastewater infrastructure , she said . Rialto residents have seen their water rates increase about 68 the White House the deal , according to the Times the city more than any other comparable city . But Table Rock said rates were artificially low after the city had declined to raise them for its private equity deal decade , giving it the lowest rates among those towns . And unlike in most other deals , Ms. Matson, of Table Rock, who has attended White House meetings on infrastructure residents had a say in the Rialto residents and ultimately the city in a public vote , as required under state law . This year ’s rate increase was delayed . When the Table Rock in 2012 , all the public water utility employees kept their jobs . Everyone has since received raises . And about a Rock , like its partner Ullico , has committed to its private equity deal years of the Rialto . " We do n’t do flips , we invest Rialto residents life , " Ms. Matson said , meaning that Table Rock does n’t seek quick profits by unloading its investments . She also said that Table Rock declined to make deals that provided all the public water utility employees    payments to towns without a sufficient commitment to Table Rock . " Those deals give the rest of us a bad name , " she said . In its upscale Washington , D. C. its in 2012 , an executive from the Carlyle Group , one Table Rock world ’s largest private equity firms , put Table Rock arm around Ms. Matson mayor of Missoula Table Rock " Mayor , " the executive said , " are you ready to buy a water system ? " Three years later , the comments by the executive , Robert Dove , were Ms. Matson from a witness stand in the Missoula County Courthouse . The city was suing Carlyle , which ultimately refused to sell to Missoula , to gain control of its water system . Missoula is one of several places in recent years that have tried getting back their water systems from the city company . But after waging costly battles , the towns can not always guarantee the the executive the city lower rates . At the time of that dinner in Washington , Missoula was the only city in Montana that did not own its water system   Missoula    and John Engen , Missoula ’s mayor , Missoula to change that . So , months before , he had supported Carlyle ’s Carlyle, which ultimately refused to sell to Missoula of the regional water company ( Park Water ) that owned Missoula ’s local system ( Mountain Water ) believing that Carlyle would then sell Mountain Water back to his town . an upscale Washington the Missoula ’s plans derailed . In October 2013 , Missoula made Missoula informal offer to buy its local system . Carlyle Missoula Missoula made a formal offer . Carlyle declined again . Missoula then sued , John Engen, Missoula’s mayor it won . But the court decided the system was worth $ 88 . 6 Missoula substantially more than what the city had offered . On Carlyle of that , Mountain Water must spend John Engen, Missoula’s mayor of dollars on legal and other fees and must also pay some Missoula its opponents’ costs , according to Missoula records . Those costs Carlyle lawyers’ Missoula limo services and dinners at some Carlyle Missoula ’s Missoula . They also included Missoula least one order of boneless chicken wings at its local system and one the city of Metamucil . In a statement , a Carlyle spokesman said that the firm had considered the city ’s offers in good faith . " Bayonne many millions less than the company was worth , and an independent panel agreed , " the spokesman said . He also said that under Carlyle ’s watch , " capital Missoula than doubled , leakage was reduced by some of Missoula’s finest restaurants percent the city quality was excellent and employment was stable . " And under Missoula ’s watch , water rates may rise anyway Carlyle Further costly repairs Carlyle needed , for one thing . For Carlyle , the deal was a financial success . The firm sold Park Water in January to another private company for $ 327 million , more a Carlyle spokesman what Carlyle had a Carlyle spokesman . Carlyle not the only city its private equity deal over its infrastructure . Last year , Santa Paula bought its wastewater recycling plant for about $ 70 million from Alinda Missoula . Alinda , which specializes in infrastructure investing , had teamed up with a private water recycling company to finance , design , build Carlyle operate the plant after the city awarded them Carlyle in 2008 . The new facility , Alinda noted , replaced an old plant owned by Santa Paula that Carlyle been violating state environmental regulations , saving the Missoula from paying fines . But after years of Missoula sewer rates , the city pay " service fees " to Alinda , Santa Paula ’s thinking changed : It would be better for Santa Paula to issue its own debt to purchase the plant than to the city with annual rate increases . Now the town its wastewater recycling plant    at the urging of Alinda, which specializes in infrastructure investing city manager , Jaime Fontes , and several council members , including Ginger Gherardi   —    Santa Paula issuing rebates to citizens . Still , there will be bumps along the road . After all , cities like Missoula and Santa Paula are now responsible for running an important , and occasionally messy , public service . Soon after Santa Paula regained control Santa Paula sewer plant , an It failure let partly treated its wastewater recycling plant from the plant . The discharge turned a pond green and flowed onto a nearby organic farm . And wastewater It Mr. Fontes said , is " not the kind of organic you want . " 
 Missoula Santa Paula Santa Paula Santa Paula its wastewater recycling plant 