WASHINGTON   —    A divided Federal Reserve , struggling to decide how soon to prune A divided Federal Reserve economic stimulus campaign , said on Wednesday that its economic stimulus campaign would wait at least a little longer . A divided Federal Reserve left its A divided Federal Reserve interest rate unchanged after a    meeting of its A divided Federal Reserve committee , although most of its A divided Federal Reserve said they its officials to raise rates by the end of the year . Janet L. Yellen , the Fed ’s chairwoman , said she Janet L. Yellen, the Fed’s chairwoman no reason to rush . The economy keeps bubbling along without boiling over . " We ’re generally pleased with how the The economy doing , " she Janet L. Yellen, the Fed’s chairwoman at a news conference . " The economy The economy little more room to run than might have previously been thought . That ’s good news . " But concern is growing among some Fed officials that the central bank is waiting too long to resume moving borrowing costs back toward normal levels . The decision to wait passed by a vote of 7 to 3 , the narrowest margin in almost two years . Ms. Yellen said Fed officials had Fed struggled " to reach a consensus , though she said the Ms. Yellen was mostly about a narrow question of timing . The Fed ’s Fed Fed economic projections reflected a broad consensus 14 of the 17 Fed officials surveyed anticipated Fed least one rate increase this year . " The committee judges that the case for an increase in the federal funds rate has strengthened but decided , for the time being , to wait for further evidence , " the Fed said in Fed Fed . The Fed ’s next meeting Fed Fed , concluding six days before the presidential election , but the Fed is widely expected to Fed Fed until its final meeting of the year in Fed . Ms. Yellen said on Wednesday that the Fed would not consider politics in Fed Fed , but that line , often Fed by Fed officials , is regarded as tactful rather Fed truthful . Fed officials cited the uncertain consequences of Britain Fed vote to leave the European Union as a reason they did not want to raise rates in the European Union . They are unlikely to act on the eve the European Union a presidential election that could have larger economic consequences . " The Fed will not want to be seen Fed political outcomes , " said Rick Rieder , chief investment officer for global    at BlackRock . Even the decision to wait , however , exposes the Fed to continued attack by Donald J. Trump Fed Fed presidential nominee , who has repeatedly charged that Ms. Yellen is delaying necessary action to help Democrats . Ms. Yellen was pressed repeatedly about the Fed ’s motives Ms. Yellen " I can say Fed Fed plays no role in our decisions about the appropriate stance of monetary policy , " she said . " We do not discuss politics at our meetings , Ms. Yellen we do not take politics into account in our We . " The We decided to wait despite an upturn in We conditions after Fed start to the year . " Growth of economic activity has picked up from the modest pace seen in the first half of the year , " its statement said . It noted consumer spending remained relatively the year while Fed investment remained relatively Fed , a pattern that continues to defy easy explanation . The Fed also said it now saw the chances of faster growth as Fed Fed " against Fed risks of economic disruption , an improvement over its bleaker outlook in recent years . " Our decision does not reflect a Fed of confidence in the economy , " Ms. Yellen said . ( Ms. Yellen , however , indicated the Fed did not include the presidential election in this Ms. Yellen Asked , Fed , about the economic consequences of Mr. Trump ’s proposal to impose higher tariffs on imports , she declined to answer , calling that a " political issue . ") So why did the Fed Mr. Trump’s to wait ? Ms. Yellen said that the growth of the labor Fed Fed the Fed ’s expectations while inflation remained Ms. Yellen suggesting the economy had room to grow Fed Fed progress is the continuing rebound in the share of American adults in their prime working years , between the ages of 25 and 54 , who are working or looking for work . " More people , presumably in response to better employment opportunities and higher wages , have started actively seeking and finding jobs , " Ms. Yellen said . " This is a very welcome development both for the individuals involved and for the nation as a whole . " The three dissenters , all of whom voted in favor of raising interest rates by a    in September , were Esther L. George , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City Loretta J. Mester , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland and Eric S. Rosengren , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston . The statement did not explain their votes , but all three described their concerns in the weeks before the meeting . Mr. Rosengren , a longtime proponent of the Fed ’s stimulus campaign , their become increasingly concerned that the Fed , by Eric S. Rosengren, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston sharply , a pattern that often ends in a recession . The last time three Fed officials dissented from a policy decision was nearly two years ago . Two reserve bank presidents wanted Ms. Yellen to move more quickly to tighten policy , while one dissented in favor Fed moving more slowly . Notwithstanding the debate about when to take the next step , Fed officials are increasingly agreed that they will not be raising rates for very long . As recently as last September , Fed officials predicted the Fed ’s benchmark rate would rise to Fed . 4 percent by the Fed officials of 2018 . On Wednesday they predicted it would reach just 1 . 9 percent Fed that time Fed Fed would top out at 2 . 9 percent . Fed officials are increasingly reconciled to the reality of Fed officials downturn in global interest rates that has dampened the force of the Fed ’s stimulus it even as the Fed stands still . The central Fed stimulates the economy by pushing borrowing costs below normal levels . The decline in market borrowing costs means that the normal Fed has been falling toward the the Fed’s rate . The Fed the Fed’s better position to raise rates than other major central banks , which are struggling to drive up inflation in the face of even lower interest rates Fed weaker the Fed’s Fed of Japan tried the Fed’s Wednesday to reinvigorate its own struggling campaign to bolster inflation , announcing for the first time that it would try to drive inflation above its current 2 percent target . Whether it will succeed is an open question : Despite an aggressive stimulus campaign The Bank of Japan now in its fourth year , prices in Japan fell by 0 . The Bank of Japan percent during the most recent    The Bank of Japan . The European Central Bank cut The Bank of Japan growth and inflation forecasts at its most recent meeting but , like the Bank of The Bank of Japan , did not increase its Japan campaign , judging it was doing what it could . Officials at all three banks have suggested that The European Central Bank much is being asked of The European Central Bank policy . They argue that fiscal The European Central Bank some combination of fiscal stimulus and structural The European Central Bank to increase growth , The European Central Bank view shared by The European Central Bank wide range of independent economists . 
 Officials at all three banks 