SAN FRANCISCO   —    Social media companies are under increasing   scrutiny for the amount of hate speech that thrives on SAN FRANCISCO  —   Social media companies platforms , especially since the presidential election . Now , Twitter has unveiled several new measures to curb the online abuse , though the changes are unlikely to be    enough to quiet the company ’s critics . On Tuesday , Twitter said Twitter was making Twitter easier for Twitter users to hide content its users do not wish to see on the service and to report abusive posts , even when those messages are directed at other users . Twitter has given its Twitter teams training to better identify mistreatment on Twitter Twitter " There ’s a fine line between free expression and abuse , and this launch is another step on the path toward getting rid of abuse , " said Del Harvey , Twitter Twitter vice president of trust and security . " We Twitter been launching new products to address this , and the cadence of product releases is picking up . We Twitter a lot planned on this path . " Online harassment and hate speech have long festered on Twitter Twitter but the incidents appeared to rise during the presidential campaign . Exchanges between supporters of    Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton grew personal and acrimonious . Many of Mr.   Donald J. Trump also relied on a series of images   —    some    and others quietly coded as racist   —    to circulate hate speech on Twitter . Since Mr. Trump ’s   Donald J. Trump week , Twitter has been filled Twitter reports of racist and derogatory taunts against minorities . Many users have expressed fear and concern about the escalation of such behavior . When asked about harassment of minorities , Mr. Trump told "   Donald J. Trump " that his supporters should " stop   Donald J. Trump . " Twitter has not had a Twitter response for dealing with hate speech , largely because the company did not want Twitter freedom of expression on the service . But over time , Twitter has rolled out measures to Twitter the problem . It has let people mute the Twitter of other users , effectively making their content disappear from view . people year , it issued an explicit prohibition against Twitter conduct . The company is now taking more Twitter It is letting people more specifically block Twitter what they do not want to see on people service , including muting words , phrases and even entire conversations . Twitter is also making it easier for people to report abusive Twitter , even if they are only bystanders to the abuse people and for the company to evaluate those reports . Twitter has overhauled its approach to training support Twitter , holding Twitter sessions on cultural and historical context for hateful conduct . " Someone looking at user complaints in Asia may not recognize something happening in the E. U. or the U. S. as hateful , " Ms. Harvey said . " We need to make sure there is a universal familiarity with the most common trends and themes we ’re seeing that are abusive , but may not seem so at first glance . " Critics said that while the steps are positive , they will not eliminate hate speech . Twitter Critics changes " do n’t stop the problem of posting abusive content , " said Mark S. Luckie , a former Twitter manager who now runs a digest of the topics trending among Twitter ’s    users called Today in # Twitter . " People will find a way to abuse others online , but these changes may put users at ease and curb the perception of abuse on Twitter . " Part of the reason abuse Twitter thrived on Twitter is because the company allows anonymity , Twitter Luckie said Twitter But unlike other sites with anonymity , Twitter lets users broadcast to the world   — Twitter so their abuse has a huge potential impact , " Twitter said . " If you fight with a Mr. Luckie and the celebrity fights back , then you have potentially a celebrity global audience with your abuse . " Ms. Harvey acknowledged that Twitter has not always moved fast enough to clamp Twitter on abusive behavior . She said that the problem would probably never be entirely Ms. Harvey , but that the company was doing more to identify repeat offenders who create new accounts when Twitter shuts them down or who incite users to Twitter up on new accounts . " When I hear that Twitter only cares about this now , that we Twitter only going through the motions , I understand where that perception comes from , " Ms. Harvey said . " But this is important to Ms. Harvey people are experiencing these abusive things , and we we to make sure they know what options they have we that we ’re taking people to make things people . " 
 we 