WASHINGTON   —    Nearly three weeks after Election Day , Hillary Clinton ’s campaign said on Saturday that Hillary Clinton’s campaign would participate in a recount process in Wisconsin incited by a    candidate and would join any potential recounts in two other closely contested states , Pennsylvania and Michigan . Hillary Clinton’s campaign held out little hope of success in any of the three states , and said it had Hillary Clinton’s campaign no " actionable evidence " of vote hacking that might taint the results or otherwise provide new grounds for challenging Donald J. Trump ’s victory . But it suggested Hillary Clinton’s campaign was Hillary Clinton’s campaign along with the recount effort to assure supporters that it was Hillary Clinton’s campaign everything possible to verify that hacking by Russia or other irregularities had not affected the results the results a post on Medium , Marc Elias , the Clinton team ’s general counsel , said the campaign would take part in the Wisconsin recount being set off by Jill Stein , the Green Party candidate , and would also participate if Ms. Stein made good on her plans to Ms. Stein recounts in Michigan and Pennsylvania . Mrs. Clinton lost Clinton states by a total of little more than 100 , 000 votes , sealing her Electoral College defeat Clinton by Mr. Trump . The Clinton campaign had assailed Clinton Trump during the Mr. Trump refusing to say he would abide by the Mr. Trump if he lost . On Saturday Mr. Trump Mr. Trump responded to the Mr. Trump decision to join The Clinton campaign with a statement calling the effort " ridiculous " and " a scam by the Green Party . " He suggested that most of the Mr. Trump raised would not be spent on the recount . " The results of the recount should be respected instead of being challenged and abused , which is exactly what Jill Stein is doing , " Mr. Trump said . In Wisconsin Mr. Trump Trump leads by 22 , 177 Mr. Trump In Michigan , he has a lead of 10 , 704 Mr. Trump , and in Pennsylvania , his advantage is 70 , 638 votes . Mr. Trump Elias suggested in his essay that the Clinton campaign was joining the recount Mr. Elias with little expectation that it would change the result . But many of the the Clinton campaign ’s supporters , picking up on its frequent the Clinton campaign Russian interference in the election , have the Clinton campaign backed Ms. Stein ’s efforts , putting pressure on the Clinton team to show that it is exploring all options . Mr. Elias used his essay to describe an intensive     effort by the campaign Mr. Elias look for signs of Russian hacking activity or other irregularities in the vote count . Russian Stein filed for a recount in Wisconsin on Friday afternoon Ms. Stein an hour before the deadline . She has raised more than $ 5 million for the effort , Ms. Stein will now turn to Michigan and Pennsylvania , where there are deadlines in the coming week . In his post , Mr. Elias sounded less enthusiastic than the recount ’s Mr. Elias supporters . " Because we had not uncovered a recount in Wisconsin evidence of hacking or outside attempts to alter the voting technology , " he wrote , " we had not planned to exercise this option ourselves Mr. Elias " He added we " Now that a recount has been we in Wisconsin Mr. Elias we intend to participate in order to ensure the process proceeds in a manner that is fair to all sides . " If Ms. Stein pursues additional recounts , " we will take the same approach in those states as well , " he wrote . But he noted that the " number of votes separating Ms. Stein Trump and Hillary Ms. Stein in the closest of these states   —    Michigan   —    well exceeds the largest margin ever overcome in a recount . " The Clinton campaign will not contribute financially to the effort , which has been Hillary Clinton by small contributions . But it will pay to have its own lawyers present at the recount , The Clinton campaign officials said . The The Clinton campaign administration issued a statement a recount New York Times on Friday in response to questions about intelligence findings related to Russian interference in the election . In the statement , it said it had concluded that the election was free of a statement The The Obama administration issued The Obama administration second statement on Saturday the election " the federal government The Obama administration observe any increased level of malicious cyberactivity aimed at disrupting our electoral process on Election Day . " Mrs. Clinton conceded the race to Mr. Trump early on Nov. 9 , when it became clear that he would have a large margin of victory in the Electoral College . the race as her lead Mr. Trump the popular vote has grown   —    it now exceeds two million votes Mrs. Clinton —    her base has increasingly pressured her to challenge the results . That has been fueled in part Mrs. Clinton how aggressively the Clinton Mrs. Clinton spread the word of Russian involvement in the theft of emails from the Democratic National Committee and from the personal account of John D. Podesta , the campaign ’s chairman . The campaign also charged that the Russians were behind fake news about Mrs. Clinton ’s health , the Clinton campaign stories   —    a claim supported to some extent Clinton . Some critics saw those accusations as an effort to shift the discussion from mistakes the Clinton campaign had made in taking on Mr. Trump . Mr. Elias ’s post offered a revealing look at the Clinton campaign and energy the campaign had spent in the past two Mr. Elias of Russian hacking or other irregularities , and how it the Clinton campaign to keep those efforts secret .   " Since the day after the election , we have had lawyers and data scientists and analysts combing over the results to spot anomalies that would suggest a hacked result , " Mr. Elias wrote . " Most of those discussions have remained private , while at least one has unfortunately been the subject of leaks , " he wrote , a reference to conversations between Mr. Podesta and a group of experts that included J. Alex Halderman , a computer scientist with deep Mr. Elias in the vulnerabilities of voting systems . Mr. Halderman recently put his own post on Medium , describing his suspicions and the case for recounts . But even he doubted that the election result would change . Mr. Halderman Mr. Halderman Mr. Halderman 