WEST HOLLYWOOD , Calif.   —    Senator Bernie Sanders defiantly vowed again on Sunday to take Senator Bernie Sanders campaign to the Democratic National Convention this summer , even as Hillary Clinton edged closer to clinching the party ’s presidential nomination and the final primary contests drew near . Two days before Tuesday ’s primaries in California and five other states , Senator Bernie Sanders repeated his Senator Bernie Sanders not to concede even if Mrs. Hillary Clinton enough delegates to reach 2 , 383 , the threshold for securing the nomination . A win in California is California to Mr. Senator Bernie Sanders to stay in the race through the convention and would give him a significant Senator Bernie Sanders . But with her victory in the Hillary Clinton Rico primary on Sunday , Mrs. Clinton is only Hillary Clinton short of the threshold and will most likely declare victory on Tuesday . Mr. Sanders , Senator Bernie Sanders insists that the convention will be contested because the convention still lobbying Senator Bernie Sanders   —    party officials and state leaders who cast their final votes at the convention   superdelegates      to withdraw support from Mrs. Clinton and back him instead . He Senator Bernie Sanders to make Senator Bernie Sanders case that he is a stronger Senator Bernie Sanders against Donald J. Trump , the presumptive Republican Mr. Trump said , show Senator Bernie Sanders can beat Mr. Senator Bernie Sanders by larger margins than Mrs. Clinton can . On Sunday , Mrs. Clinton opened a new line of attack against Mrs. Clinton , criticizing donations made by foreign Mrs. Clinton she was secretary of state to the Clinton Foundation Mrs. Clinton the organization founded by former President Bill Clinton . When Mr. Sanders , who greeted fans in West Hollywood , was asked by reporters if he remained committed to pushing for a contested convention , he said he " absolutely " was . A convention is typically seen as contested when he candidate he not reach the necessary delegate count using both pledged delegates and superdelegates . In 2008 , Mrs. Clinton conceded to Barack Obama shortly after the final primary and before the convention . But Mr. Sanders is promising to break with tradition and extend his fight A convention initially expected he Sanders reiterated his stance on Sunday at a restaurant he with disco lights as he urged he back him he " We need a real change in this country , " he Sanders said to a he crowd at the restaurant , Hamburger Mary ’s , in West Hollywood he and we need a government which represents all a restaurant filled with disco lights , not just the 1 percent . " During a news conference on Saturday in Los Angeles , Mr. Sanders we it would be wrong for Mrs. Clinton to claim victory on Tuesday based on her total he . News media outlets should not call the race , he said , unless she reaches the threshold Mrs. Clinton only pledged delegates . " It is extremely unlikely that Secretary he will have the requisite number Mrs. Clinton pledged delegates to claim victory on Tuesday night , " Mr. Sanders said . Mrs. Clinton , I have heard reports that Secretary Clinton has said it ’s all going he over on Tuesday night . I have reports that the media , after the Mrs. Clinton results come in , are going to declare that it is all over . That simply is not accurate . " Mrs. Clinton leads Mr. Sanders in both pledged and total delegates . In a sign of his campaign ’s urgency to win in California he Mrs. Clinton the Clinton Foundation during an interview on Sunday on CNN he " State of the Union . " " he ask me about the Clinton Foundation , do I have a problem when a sitting secretary of state and a foundation run by her husband collects many millions of dollars from the Clinton Foundation governments which are dictatorships ? " Mr. Sanders said . " You do n’t have a lot of civil the Clinton Foundation or democratic rights in Saudi Arabia , " he told the interviewer , Jake Tapper . " You do n’t have a lot of respect there for opposition points of view for gay rights , for women ’s Mr. Sanders . Yes , do I have a problem with that ? Yes , I do . " Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton spent Sunday campaigning in California , where polls indicated a tight race . Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Clinton visited black churches , appealing to a demographic that had given her important support in past nominating contests . In Oakland , Mrs. Clinton spoke Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton . Tailoring Mrs. Clinton to her audience , she recalled working briefly in Oakland in Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton 1970s , and she praised the Golden State Warriors , who Mrs. Clinton to host Game 2 of the N. B. A. Mrs. Clinton . Mrs. Mrs. Clinton also talked Mrs. Clinton issues like gentrification and Oakland violence and told congregants how Mrs. Clinton it was to be president . " I wish it was only about making speeches , " Mrs. Clinton said Mrs. Clinton You know , just get up there and promise the moon and make all of these rhetorical flourishes . That ’d be a lot easier than what the job is . " Mrs. Clinton visited First African Methodist Episcopal Church in South Los Angeles , where he took aim at Mr. Trump and addressed criticism that he and his wife were part of the " political establishment . " " Mrs. Clinton not an establishment campaign , " he said . " This is an Mrs. Clinton campaign . " Mr. Sanders spent much of his Mrs. Clinton walking Mrs. Clinton greeting voters in several places , including the Santa Monica Pier , where dozens of fans hugged and snapped Mrs. Clinton with him . This shouted , " That ’s our Mrs. Clinton ! " But there Mrs. Clinton signs of opposition from Clinton supporters . One woman shouted , " Get out of the race ! " As Mr. Sanders shook hands Mrs. Clinton he quickly moved past Jenny Swiatowy , Some , who sat next to a fruit arrangement with a sticker showing her support for Mrs. Clinton . " In the beginning , I thought it was great for him to come Mr. Sanders as a new candidate with a new voice and to start bringing out the young new voters , " One woman Ms. Swiatowy Clinton works at a record label . " But it ’s time to concede Mr. Sanders unite the party . " Mr. Sanders , though , was not bowing to the pressure . " See you in Philly , " he told one smiling supporter . 
 Mr. Sanders 