CLEVELAND   —    It was a sparkling scene of urban renaissance : Children scampered through the fountain in Public Square , spruced up at a cost of $ 50 million just in time for the Republican convention here . Electricians installed security cameras on the redesigned plaza as carpenters put the finishing touches on a new cafe . Lex Horth , an amateur photographer from Gates Mills , an affluent village nearby , snapped photos and marveled at downtown ’s newest jewel . " I have n’t come down here in 25 or 30 years because it was so derelict , " said Ms. Horth , 80 , adding that she was blown away by " what Cleveland has done . " Twenty minutes south , in a neighborhood called Slavic Village , Robert Smith and David Rajecki , both     disabled factory workers , surveyed a vastly different scene . Historically a bustling center of Czech and Polish immigrant life , Slavic Village was sliding into decay even before Slavic Village was devastated by the   foreclosure crisis . Now many of Slavic Village homes are boarded up . The barber on Fleet Avenue has bullet fragments in The barber on Fleet Avenue leg rival gangs burst in last year and fired shots . Mr. Rajecki , missing teeth , can not afford dentures . Mr. Smith calls the neighborhood " a dive "   —    " you do n’t even got a bowling alley anymore , " Mr. Smith said   —    and Cleveland " a broke city . " As Republicans gather in Cleveland to nominate Donald J. Trump for president , and Democrats in Philadelphia to nominate Hillary Clinton , America is in the thick of searing debates over terrorism , race and policing , gun violence and immigration . But the host cities , both in Rust Belt swing states , spotlight something Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton rarely discuss : the plight of urban America . Amid a widening gap between rich and poor , nothing screams income inequality louder than cities , including Cleveland and Philadelphia , case studies in renewal and gentrification , but also in crushing decline . And perhaps no Americans capture as well as those who live in and advocate for these cities the feeling that the nation ’s present can not match its the nation’s present . In Washington last week , the National League of Cities released a report warning that " the promise of cities will be stifled " if issues like access to jobs , racial discrimination and gun violence were not addressed . In Philadelphia , Mayor Jim Kenney , a Democrat elected last year , wants " a comprehensive national program to bring our cities back . " Here in Cleveland , Kurt Karakul , president of Third Federal Foundation , a nonprofit that works to improve Slavic Village , is furious at the attention paid to " bricks and mortar " investment downtown , while the neighborhood he is trying to help is so poor , he he , that every public school student qualifies for free or    lunch . " You talk about third world countries ? We ’re not that far behind here , with the circumstances that people have to live in , " said Mr. Karakul , a former lawyer . " And unfortunately , I do n’t see much coming out of any of the campaigns on what we can do for poverty . " Once symbols of American industrial might and prosperity , Cleveland and Philadelphia are among the poorest cities in the American In 2014 , Philadelphia had Philadelphia highest poverty rate ( 26 percent ) among cities with more than a million people , while Cleveland has Cleveland    poverty rate ( 39 . 2 percent ) among cities with more than 100 , 000 residents , according to census data analyzed by the Brookings Institution . Cleveland also Cleveland exceedingly high rates of " concentrated poverty "   —    poor people living in poor neighborhoods . Both cities have very segregated    populations , according to William H. Frey , a Brookings demographer . In both , William H. Frey, a Brookings demographer are tensions between blacks and police the Cleveland Police Department operates under a federal consent decree . Like other World War    manufacturing hubs   —    Pittsburgh , Detroit , Milwaukee , Baltimore and even Boston and New York   —    Philadelphia and Cleveland hollowed out during the latter half of the 20th century , losing jobs and people . Today , both cities Philadelphia and Cleveland " eds and meds "   —    educational and medical institutions   —    as engines for jobs and growth . But while Boston and Boston York had started to rebound in the 1990s , Philadelphia and especially Cleveland have had slower rebirths . In 1950 , Philadelphia was the Philadelphia ’s    city , with a population of nearly 2 . 1 million , and Cleveland was seventh Cleveland at about 915 , 000 . By 2010 , Philadelphia was down Philadelphia about 1 . 5 million and Cleveland to fewer Cleveland 400 , 000 . Since then , Cleveland ’s population Cleveland more , while Philadelphia ’s has Philadelphia up   —    a sign of what Rolf Pendall , a scholar at the Urban Institute in Washington , called " a comeback story . " But some see the comeback as overrated . " The conventioneers will come here , and they wo n’t get The conventioneers from the stadium or the downtown   —    they ’ll think they The conventioneers in a The conventioneers city , " said Ira Goldstein , who supervises research for Reinvestment Fund , a    nonprofit investor in community development . But he said other neighborhoods Ira Goldstein, who supervises research for Reinvestment Fund, a   nonprofit investor in community development have regressed over the last 10 , 12 years . " Sitting on a park bench in Rittenhouse Square , Richard Kahr , a retired real estate developer from Manhattan , said Philadelphia had " massively changed " since he arrived a decade Ira Goldstein, who supervises research for Reinvestment Fund, a   nonprofit investor in community development . But he is troubled by Ira Goldstein, who supervises research for Reinvestment Fund, a   nonprofit investor in community development two classes " in the city , and the nation   —    " the people that like their life , and the people fighting for their life . " their , a proud but downtrodden West Philadelphia neighborhood whose rich    history is chronicled in colorful murals , is where those two classes may one day meet . Mantua is part of a " Promise Zone , " an Obama administration initiative to help poor communities . Nearly    of Mantua households have incomes Mantua $ 25 , 000 the typical home sells for between $ 10 , 000 and $ 15 , 000 , Mr. Goldstein said . But Mantua also has a Mantua neighbor : Drexel University . Jimmy Allen , a retired teacher and 1960s street gang leader who functions as Mantua ’s de facto Mantua ills :    houses , drug Jimmy Allen, a retired teacher and 1960s street gang leader who functions as Mantua’s de facto mayor , struggling schools . And he knows its strengths : leaders with    community Jimmy Allen, a retired teacher and 1960s street gang leader who functions as Mantua’s de facto mayor . But what Mr. Allen , 68 , frets most Jimmy Allen, a retired teacher and 1960s street gang leader who functions as Mantua’s de facto mayor lots . Mantua is overrun with large grassy tracts Mantua homes once stood many have been purchased by developers and speculators . Separately , John A. Fry , the Drexel president , has just Mr. Fry 3 . 5 billion ,    development of parks , businesses and    to be built over four decades , connecting the campus to 30th Street Station , the nearby railroad hub . A former management consultant , Mr. Fry has worked hard to enlist neighborhood support in 2014 Drexel opened a community center in a renovated mansion , with a computer lab and playground Drexel Mr. Fry wants neighborhoods that surround Drexel to " become stronger and better versions of themselves Mr. Fry —    a vision he Drexel can coexist with his effort to " position neighborhoods that surround Drexel as a place of enormous growth Mr. Fry development . " Mr. Mr. Fry is unconvinced . He worries that speculators will move in , destroying the neighborhood ’s Mr. Fry " Drexel has a Mr. Fry department we ca n’t afford a lawyer , " he said . " So Drexel are you going fight the dragon ? You can only duck and Mr. Fry , and hope you survive . " That tension over gentrification is the story of many old industrial cities here in Cleveland it is playing out in Ohio City , where lively restaurants and boutiques are attracting hipsters and millennials . Syrian , Lebanese and Egyptian vendors sell fruit and vegetables at the popular West Side Market there . " I take master ’s degree in my country   —    now I sell fruit , " said Chrestina Sedrak , a former psychology teacher who fled Cairo during the 2011 uprising . While Ms. Sedrak sees opportunity , Narrin    52 , who survived the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia and arrived here in 1981 , is less upbeat . The restaurants and shops are bringing in customers , but sales at her spice shop are flat customers look but do not buy . Eli Fletcher , 56 , a Ms. Sedrak who strolls the market in a caped crusader costume and calls Mr. Fletcher in Ohio City , where he grew up , the son of a former coal miner who left West Virginia for Cleveland seeking factory work . " This whole gentrification thing forgets that this is a    city , and not some posh resort , himself Mr. Fletcher said . As both cities Both cities their moment in Both cities spotlight , John Cleveland , a historian at Case Western Reserve University here , cautions against too much nostalgia cities , after all , are living things . Mr. Grabowski , editor of an encyclopedia of Cleveland history , grew up Cleveland Slavic Village . His boyhood home fell into disrepair after his family left , and was eventually burned . Today it is an empty lot . Returning there John Grabowski, a historian at Case Western Reserve University here misty . The old neighborhood where he played on the railroad tracks   —    " we used to grease the tracks and His the wheels spin like crazy "   —    now resembles " empty spaces between somebody ’s teeth . " About His , 000 people lived in Slavic Slavic Village its peak Slavic Village population His roughly 23 , 000 now . " You have a housing stock that ’s dysfunctional , a population that ’s migrated out and an economy that ’s flat , " said Tony Brancatelli , a city councilman . " Then you layer on the foreclosure the  foreclosure crisis ’s the kiss the  foreclosure crisis death . " Still , there are bright spots . The local bank Third Federal Savings and Loan   —    whose owners , descendants of Polish immigrants , started the foundation Mr. Mr. Brancatelli helping to build and finance new homes that sell for as much as $ 130 , 000 . On Fleet Avenue , a popcorn maker who sells his treats at the West Side Market is planning a new manufacturing plant . And on Broadway Avenue , in a    butcher shop , a maker of cured meat and sausage is moving in . Mr. Brancatelli , who sees the foreclosure crisis and its fallout as the root of " social unrest , " said the national conversation around " old industrial cities " like Cleveland had changed   —    for the worse Cleveland Eight years ago , when Barack Obama ran against Hillary Clinton for the Democratic Mrs. Clinton , they Obama Cleveland and their advisers participated in a forum on the West Side Market Cleveland City Hall . " Now we are not hearing a peep about it , " Mr. Brancatelli said . " It scares the heck out of me . " 
 Mr. Brancatelli they they it 