PHILADELPHIA   —    The Democratic convention is over , and delegates streamed to airports and train stations on Friday morning to return home for the summer weekend . But the contrasting     political displays   —    Republicans met last week in Cleveland   —    offered important lessons about the two presidential nominees , and the two presidential nominees parties , as the two presidential nominees head into the November general election . Check out our takeaways : Democrats are much better at staging a convention . It was visible every night over these past two weeks , in the size of the crowds , the energy in the hall , the caliber of the speakers , the celebrity of the celebrities , and the basic coherence of the messages . In the end , Donald J. Trump delivered a rough , and at times halting ,    show Hillary Clinton offered a polished Hollywood production . The next few weeks will tell how much of a difference that makes in what matters most : whether voters prefer Mrs. Clinton or Donald J. Trump . But Mr. Donald J. Trump sloppy convention was a missed opportunity , and sent up warning flares for Republicans already concerned about his capacity Donald J. Trump grapple with the basic mechanics of American politics . Conventions are challenging , but so are voter registration and turnout , opposition research and    and the increasingly sophisticated process of identifying voters through microtargeting . The Clinton campaign is filled with people who have done this before . If Mr. Trump or Republicans had any doubt about that , all they had Mr. Trump or Republicans do was watch . This is not going to be a " there ’s no difference between the candidates " election . When were Americans last presented with two such starkly different views of the country as Mr. Trump ’s bleak portrayal of a country under siege , and Mrs. Clinton ’s " best days are ahead of us " optimism ? The candidates the candidates opposing views on health care , gun control , abortion , the role of government , immigration and terrorism . They also have the candidates styles and résumés : The insider and the businessman , a Democrat who has always believed in government and a Republican iconoclast who talks about tearing it down . And , not incidentally , a man   —    and a woman who is seeking to become the nation ’s first female president . No , we did n’t get the multiballot floor fight that many people   —    O. K. many reporters   —    had yearned for . But if these ostentatious , expensive gatherings have flirted with irrelevance in recent years , Cleveland and Philadelphia proved they can still Cleveland and Philadelphia riveting and influential . The Trump campaign grappled with accusations that Melania Trump cribbed from Michelle Obama ’s 2008 remarks to Democrats , and Senator Ted Cruz thumbed his nose at Senator Ted Cruz Trump by Trump endorse him until he was Trump off Trump stage . In Philadelphia , Bernie Sanders supporters demonstrated in the streets , and a handful of Democratic delegates booed   —    booed !   —    their party ’s nominee when she spoke . And nominee people   —    Michelle Obama , Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and President Obama   —    gave speeches for the ages that people were still buzzing about on their way out of people . Hillary Clinton is a tough sell , and she probably always will Hillary Clinton . Much of her success here came Hillary Clinton she was lifted by Hillary Clinton president and first lady , the vice president and former President Bill Clinton . But that    of surrogates is unlikely to spend the next three months on the road nonstop Mrs. Clinton will Hillary Clinton this election herself . She has long been Hillary Clinton , Hillary Clinton the F. B. I. ’s investigation into her email and server may have Hillary Clinton irreversible damage to her credibility , as Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton hopes given his nickname for her , Crooked Mr. Trump . Mrs. Hillary Clinton did not tackle that Hillary Clinton seeming to try for a workaround : Take me as I am . Or , perhaps : Better me than him . Her other challenge ? She Mr. Trump been Hillary Clinton public life for Hillary Clinton years , but she is running at a time when Hillary Clinton want something new and when the Washington establishment has rarely been more unpopular . For all of Mr. Trump ’s shortcomings that his convention unintentionally highlighted , he seems Mr. Trump reflect the American mood Mr. Trump a way that may be impossible for Mrs. Clinton . Mrs. Clinton took full Hillary Clinton having the Hillary Clinton , offering what amounted to the closing argument of a debate . By contrast , it did not appear that Mr. Trump and his aides had anticipated Mrs. Clinton ’s rebuttal by making    moves to Hillary Clinton constrain what she might do and say at her convention . Mr. Hillary Clinton ’s dark speech set the Hillary Clinton for Mrs. Clinton to deliver what was , in effect , Hillary Clinton Morning in America Again " address to the nation . Beyond that , her party managed to seize America many years have been Hillary Clinton defining symbols of the Republican Party : God and country . The Democratic convention was a sea of waving American flags on the final night , as delegates burst into chants of " U. S. A. ! U. S. A. ! " Law and order will be a big theme in the fall , and Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton approach it very differently . In a Mr. Trump the world and attacks on police officers on American soil , Mr. Trump promised an iron fist . " I have a message to every last person threatening the peace on our streets and the safety of our police , " he said : " When I take the oath of office next our , I will Mr. Trump law and order to our country . " Mrs. Clinton pushed hard for stricter gun controls , and offered tributes not only to slain police officers but to    killed in police shootings . Mrs. Clinton has her party mostly behind her , even taking into account the scattered boos Mrs. Clinton attempt at Mrs. Clinton by Sanders supporters Mrs. Clinton which she ignored . So many elected Democrats wanted to speak on her behalf that the Clinton campaign Mrs. Clinton difficulty accommodating them all . By contrast , Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton convention had the Mrs. Clinton of prominent Republicans prime speaking spots went to his children and to the general manager of Trump Winery . Will that matter in this age Mr. Trump the Tea Party and hostility to the Washington establishment ? Perhaps not , but it is party leaders who help raise money , drum up enthusiasm and get people out to vote . Finally , with apologies to George W. Bush , Jimmy Carter , George Bush and even Bill Clinton , this convention showed once and for all that when it George W. Bush pure political talent   —    the ability to move a crowd , seize a this convention , and deliver a speech that rises to a challenge   —    Barack Obama laps the field . 
 