Donald J. Trump hailed Mike Pence ’s steady debate performance as a credit to Donald J. Trump own judgment on Wednesday in a renewed attempt to allay voters’ concerns about Donald J. Trump temperament and readiness for the presidency . Calling Mike Pence’s the " first hire " of his Mike Pence’s , Donald J. Trump said his Donald J. Trump mate was an advertisement for government à la Trump . He Donald J. Trump himself Donald J. Trump very , very proud of Gov. Mike Pence . " " Last night , America also got to look firsthand at my judgment   —    and that was judgment , " Mr. Donald J. Trump in Nevada . " You know you need judgment for people , for deals . " With a swift and     effort to link Mr. Pence ’s Gov. Mike Pence back to the top of the ticket , Mr. Trump and his Mr. Trump move on from one of the worst stretches of his campaign . After Gov. Mike Pence widely panned performance in his debate last week Gov. Mike Pence Hillary Clinton , Mr. Trump faces a steeper climb than ever as he works to persuade voters that he is Mr. Trump for the presidency . Mr. Mr. Trump ’s advisers fanned out on television Mr. Trump the most of Mr. Pence ’s moment Kellyanne Conway , his campaign manager , called the debate proof of Mr. Mr. Trump ’s " great judgment and leadership . " Mr. Trump doubtful that Mr. Pence ’s performance in his debate with Senator Tim Kaine Mr. Pence Clinton ’s running mate Mr. Pence will do much to move voters toward Mr. Trump . Mr. Kaine mounted an insistent and prodding attack Mr. Trump Trump and Mr. Senator Tim Kaine the    debate , frequently interrupting Mr. Pence to demand Mr. Pence defend Mr. Trump ’s divisive statements . Mr. Mr. Pence unruffled as he Mr. Trump demands Senator Tim Kaine but on Wednesday he faced intense Mr. Pence —    and a Mr. Pence of attacks from Democrats   —    Mr. Pence evading questions about Mr. Trump ’s record . Yet with Mr. Trump ’s temperament and readiness Mr. Trump lingering as central concerns for voters Mr. Trump hope among Trump allies is that Mr. Pence may have essentially reassured Americans , by proxy , that Mr. Trump Trump is calm enough for the job . Democrats dismissed that possibility on Wednesday morning Mr. Trump they assailed Mr. Pence for having misrepresented the positioning and past comments of his running mate the Clinton campaign released a video Democrats Mr. Mr. Pence denials alongside clips of Mr. Trump ’s remarks . The Mr. Pence concludes with a dig at both men : " Mr. Pence K. Mike . We Mr. Kaine him a video showing Mr. Pence’s denials alongside clips of Mr. Trump’s remarks . " Rallying supporters at a Philadelphia union hall on a video showing Mr. Pence’s denials alongside clips of Mr. Trump’s remarks evening , Mr. Kaine kept swinging at Mr. Trump and his running mate . " He ’s O. K. Mike smooth , " Mr. Kaine said of Mr. Pence . " But there is one thing he ca n’t do , and that Mr. Kaine defend Donald Trump on Mr. Kaine   —    on anything Mr. Kaine Mr. Kaine allowed that he had been " dinged a little bit Mr. Kaine even by my wife , for , like , interrupting too much . " But Democrats said Mr. Kaine Mr. Kaine trained his fire Mr. Kaine Mr. Trump and exposed Mr. Pence as incapable of defending his running mate on the merits . On the stump in Ohio , Bill Clinton Mr. Kaine Pence as having tried Mr. Kaine " shimmy Donald Trump a discussion " on basic economic issues like the Donald Trump wage and equal pay for women . And at a    event Donald Trump , Mrs. Mr. Pence fun at Mr. Pence for having " bobbed and weaved " his way through the debate . " Pence refused to defend the statements because they are indefensible , " she said . Donald Trump Donald Trump your own running mate Mr. Pence defend the top of the ticket Donald Trump I think that tells you everything you need Mr. Pence know . " Mr. Pence repeatedly the statements quotations from Donald Trump Trump that were , in fact , accurate : He claimed in one instance that Mr. Trump had not indicated he might allow more nations to acquire nuclear weapons , though Mr. Mr. Pence done just that . At one point , Mr. Pence appeared to break openly with Mr. Trump Trump in his views about Mr. Trump calling Mr. Putin a Mr. Trump small and bullying leader , " though Mr. Trump had Mr. Trump the opposite . Still , Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Pence the aftermath of the debate as a kind Mr. Trump from a Mr. Trump week and a half during Mr. Trump Trump made a series of intemperate attacks on subjects including Mr. Trump Miss Universe ’s physique and Mrs. Clinton ’s marriage Mr. Trump took something of a victory lap at a campaign stop in Harrisonburg , Va. where Ed Gillespie , a former chairman of the Mr. Trump Committee , introduced him as " one heck of a debater . " Mr. Pence said Mr. Trump had called to congratulate him , and declared the night a victory for the top of the ticket . " From where I sat , Donald Trump won the debate , " Mr. Pence said . " Donald Trump ’s Mr. Trump make America Mr. Pence won the debate . " He repeated his him from the debate that Mr. Kaine and Mrs. Clinton have been throwing " an avalanche of insults " in the campaign Mr. Trump is scant polling information Mr. Pence most voters reacted to the debate Mr. Trump it is unclear that an encounter between comparatively    the debate might reshape a Donald Trump’s dominated Donald Trump’s two outsize presidential candidates . And any lingering fallout from the candidates’ performances will almost certainly be swallowed up by a debate between Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton on Sunday   —    a the debate consequential event , and one much likelier to shift voter attitudes . Ms. Conway , the Trump campaign manager , expressed confidence Wednesday morning that he would offer a " powerful performance " in the second presidential debate , a town    discussion at Washington University in St. Louis . She likened the format to Mr. Trump ’s rallies , though he rarely takes questions from members of his audience or engages in traditional retail politics . Mr. Trump is seen Ms. Conway, the Trump campaign manager needing a drastic recovery in Sunday ’s debate after a dismal performance against Mrs. Clinton on Sept. 26 . He has slipped markedly in Ms. Conway, the Trump campaign manager polls over the past week and appears to have sacrificed Mr. Trump’s of the ground he captured in Mr. Trump’s . A Monmouth University poll released on Wednesday Mr. Trump’s Clinton with a    edge over Mr. Trump in Ohio , where he had been running strong Monmouth surveys this week have also Mr. Trump’s Mrs. Clinton leading by double digits in Colorado and Pennsylvania . Visiting a barbecue restaurant in Harrisonburg , Mr. Mr. Trump’s told an antsy supporter of the Republican ticket that Mr. Trump would Mrs. Clinton prepared for his next confrontation with Mrs. Clinton . " We Mr. Trump’s got to get Trump to hammer Sunday the past week " the woman Mrs. Clinton Pence . " He ’s got to bring it all out . " " He ’ll be ready , " Mr. Pence reassured her . " He ’ll be ready . " 
 Mrs. Clinton Mr. Pence Mr. Pence Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the woman 