Donald J. Trump ’s presidential campaign signaled strongly on Thursday that Donald J. Trump’s would name Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana as Donald J. Trump’s running mate , but abruptly postponed a    unveiling of the Republican ticket after an   attack that left dozens dead in France . Donald J. Trump’s said on Twitter that he Donald J. Trump’s delaying his Donald J. Trump’s after the " horrible attack " in Nice . He Donald J. Trump’s not specify when the event would go forward . Before the attack in southern France France Mr. Pence , a    Midwesterner popular with conservatives and evangelical Christians , appeared to be all but locked in as the Republican nominee for vice president   —    the last man standing after a madcap selection process unlike any in recent presidential politics . But a certain resolution to the a madcap selection process unlike any in recent presidential politics elusive after several days of unusually frenzied and public deliberations by Mr. Trump and his family , as well as extraordinarily overt campaigning for the job by several potential running mates . After huddling with Mr. Pence in Indiana , flying multiple other candidates to Indianapolis for    interviews , hinting to party leaders that his decision Mr. Trump been made and then frantically denying it to his decision news media , Mr. Trump delayed his decision his decision In a television interview , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump he had not Mr. Trump on a running mate yet . " I have n’t made my final , final decision , " he told Fox Mr. Trump , speaking by telephone . Against a backdrop of images from Nice , Mr. Trump repeatedly Mr. Trump as the " Mr. Trump candidate " in the presidential race . Mr. Trump ’s advisers Mr. Trump officials that they were preparing to make an announcement national Republican officials Mr. Pence , and people close to Mr. Pence notified his political allies that Mr. Pence him to Mr. Pence chosen , national Republican officials to numerous Mr. Pence with knowledge of the conversations , who were not authorized to discuss them publicly . On Thursday afternoon , national Republican officials stations in Indiana and New York reported that Mr. Pence had flown from Indiana to Teterboro Mr. Pence arriving in New Jersey Indiana Thursday afternoon for the planned Friday morning event in Midtown Manhattan . A former congressman and radio host , Mr. Pence emerged over the last week as the Mr. Pence of Mr. Trump ’s political advisers and senior officials in the Republican Party . He addressed a rally in Indiana alongside Mr. Trump on Mr. Trump’s night and met privately with him Mr. Trump’s . But Mr. Trump himself has sent conflicting Mr. Trump’s in recent days , Mr. Trump’s subjected his potential running mates to a final round of screening Mr. Trump’s As of Mr. Trump’s afternoon , he had not yet formally invited Mr. Pence to join his ticket , Mr. Trump’s had he notified two other contenders , former House Mr. Trump’s Newt Gingrich and Gov. Mr. Trump’s Christie of New Jersey , of his decision , according to people with direct knowledge of the process . Mr. Trump’s Trump has appeared to vacillate over his choice . Long accustomed to Mr. Trump’s strategic decisions by sheer improvisation , Mr. Trump’s is now faced with the most permanent , and perhaps most important , Mr. Trump’s of the campaign . The delay has the potential to complicate a partnership with Mr. Pence , who must file papers in Indiana by noon on Friday withdrawing from his    campaign in order for Republicans to field a new candidate for the Mr. Trump’s . On Wednesday , Mr. Trump and his children threw together a hasty series of conversations with other finalists in the Mr. Trump’s search , including Mr. Christie , Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama and Mr. Gingrich . Paul Manafort , the chairman of the Trump campaign , said at midday Thursday Mr. Manafort final decision . " We have not been reaching out to Washington to tell the Trump campaign prepare for any particular candidate , " Mr. Manafort said by phone . A    man largely defined in public life by his Christian faith , Mr. Pence , 57 , is seen as a cautious Mr. Pence may help him shore up support among conservative voters still wary of his candidacy . Mr. Pence ’s staunch conservative views on certain social issues , like gay rights and abortion , may inject a new set of concerns into the his election debate that have been largely overlooked with Mr. his at the top of the Republican ticket . Mr. Gingrich , in a video broadcast on Facebook , said Mr. Pence would bring " Midwestern appeal " to the Trump ticket , and would pair Mr. Trump with a " relatively stable , more normal person . " Mr. Gingrich added that he had told Mr. Trump that Mr. Pence combination would be a bolder pairing of " two Mr. Trump " on the same ticket Mr. Trump Mr. Pence , by contrast , might ease relations between Mr. Trump Mr. Gingrich in Washington , Mr. Pence He is seen among his former colleagues there as a conventional politician with    conservative beliefs , including on some subjects where his policy Mr. Gingrich plainly conflict with Mr. Trump ’s . Mr. Pence has endorsed    agreements , including the    Partnership , an Asian trade deal that Mr. Trump has described as a " rape " of the Mr. Pence . As a House Mr. Pence , Mr. Pence Mr. Pence voted for the Iraq War , which Trump has condemned , and last winter he denounced Mr. Mr. Pence ’s call to ban all Muslim immigration into the Mr. Pence . If those views place Mr. Pence at odds with Mr. Trump , they are in Mr. Trump the outlook of Republican leaders in Congress . " It ’s no secret I ’m a big Mr. Pence Mike Pence ’s , " said Paul D. Ryan , Mr. Trump speaker of the House from Wisconsin Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump very good friends . I have very high regard for him . I hope that Mr. Pence a good movement conservative . Clearly Mr. Trump is one those views place Mr. Pence at odds with Mr. Trump those . " The Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell , of Kentucky , said picking Mr. Pence would be a " good move by Donald Trump . " Mr. McConnell , who has sharply rebuked Mr. Trump in recent weeks for his indiscipline on the campaign trail , said he would " look Paul D. Ryan, the speaker of the House from Wisconsin to enthusiastically supporting the Paul D. Ryan, the speaker of the House from Wisconsin . " To Democrats , Mr. Pence cuts Paul D. Ryan, the speaker of the House from Wisconsin unimposing profile , and party officials said Thursday they considered him unlikely to transform Mr. Trump ’s deeply unpopular Mike Pence . On the contrary , his archconservative social views could help motivate liberal voters and young people to turn Donald Trump Hillary Clinton in the fall Donald Trump At the same time , Democrats have Donald Trump with some dismay at Mr. Trump ’s tenacity in the Midwest , and Mike Pence unusual popularity with white men . Mr. Pence could reinforce Mr. Trump party officials strengths Donald Trump both areas . Donald Trump minority leader Harry Reid , Democrat of Nevada , indicated that Donald Trump focus of the fall campaign would be Mr. Trump himself . " It ’s not going to help him that much , no matter who he picks , " Mr. Reid said . Donald Trump , selecting Mr. Pence would be a sharp departure Donald Trump habit , and the surest sign yet that he intends Donald Trump at least some standard political pressures in Mr. Reid the No . 2 spot , when he appeared with Mr. Donald Trump at a rally in Westfield , Ind. went well . Donald Trump ramrod straight , Mr. Pence offered Donald Trump and a half minutes of    remarks , Donald Trump his fire to Hillary Clinton in an apparent attempt to demonstrate that he could be an attack dog against Donald Trump . But in the past , Mr. Trump has leaned heavily on a tiny circle of trusted friends and advisers , and has crafted Mr. Pence decisions to shock and Donald Trump news media and Republican primary voters . Mr. Pence Pence is a    personality who does not have the same set of showman ’s instincts as Mr. Trump or Mr. Pence contenders like Mr. Gingrich and Mr. Christie . And the Indiana governor has Mr. Pence the scantiest of personal relationships with the man whose political Indiana Mr. Pence rapidly melded with his own . Hillary Clinton Mike Pence Mr. Pence Mr. Pence the Indiana governor 