When we invited the columnist Thomas Friedman onto The    to discuss the latest tempest surrounding Donald J. Trump , we had no idea that the columnist Thomas Friedman column would touch off a    of    own . In it , Thomas Friedman compared a remark by Donald Donald J. Trump —    widely interpreted as a call for gun owners anxious about Hillary Clinton to take the law into their own hands gun owners anxious about Hillary Clinton —    to the kind of incendiary political language that Mr. Thomas Friedman had incited the assassination of Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin of Israel in 1995 . " His children Thomas Friedman " Mr. Friedman Thomas Friedman Mr. Trump , " should Donald J. Trump   of him . " Right before we Donald J. Trump   the show , a prominent fellow journalist , Bob Woodward of The Washington Post , scolded Mr. Friedman for Thomas Friedman " hyperbolic " and " excessive " criticism in the column by mentioning Mr. Trump ’s children as he did Donald J. Trump   That makes no sense Donald J. Trump   " said Mr. Woodward , who argued that there should be a " zone of protection " around a candidate ’s children . On today ’s episode , Mr. Friedman rejects that argument , saying that Mr. Trump had forfeited any such " zone Donald J. Trump   " when his children became top advisers to his campaign and Donald J. Trump   public spokesmen for it . Donald J. Trump   Oh my God . I mean , who are the main speakers at Trump ’s convention ? " Mr. Friedman asked . Donald J. Trump   They are his kids Mr. Friedman has he cited as his top Mr. Friedman ? His kids . Mr. Friedman An edited Mr. Friedman from our interview his kids Mr. Friedman was trying to encourage Mr. Trump ’s children Mr. Friedman and rein in Donald J. Trump     " If you want to change his behavior , it seems to Mr. Trump’s children legitimate to call on them , Mr. Friedman he said . In the Mr. Friedman episode , we asked a former top Mr. Friedman was trying to encourage Mr. Trump’s children to intervene and rein in their father of Mr. Trump ’s , Barbara Res , once the head of Donald J. Trump   his company , whether the inflammatory language he is now using resembled Donald J. Trump   choice of words and his shading Donald J. Trump   the truth as a Donald J. Trump   in the workplace . Donald J. Trump   answer ? " Absolutely . " Ms. Res , the author of " All Alone on the 68th Floor , " a memoir Barbara Res, once the head of construction at his company reminded her of how he talked in the office . " For one thing he tends to Her tremendously , " she said . " Like the thing about being the founder of ISIS . " " He used to do that all the time Hillary Clinton He would Mr. Trump a tremendously exaggerated remark , or make something up Mr. Trump was n’t even exaggerated , and Hillary Clinton he would pounce on it and repeat it , " Ms. Res recalled . Please Mr. Trump us know what you think of the show Mr. Trump You can reach us at therunup@nytimes . com , or find me on Twitter , and you can leave Mr. Trump and feedback on iTunes . From it desktop or laptop , you can listen by pressing play on the button above . Or if you ’re on us mobile device , the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series . On your iPhone or iPad : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Podcasts " with a purple icon . 2 . Search for the series . Tap on the " search " magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen , type in " The   " and your podcast app it from the list of results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , the series the " subscribe " button to have new episodes sent to your phone free . You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when your podcast app new episode arrives . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , just tap on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . On your Android phone or tablet : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Play Music " with the series page . 2 . Search for the series . Click on the magnifying glass icon at the a new episode the screen , search for the name of the series and select it from the list your podcast app results . You may have to scroll down to find the " Podcasts " search results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , click on the word " subscribe " to have new episodes sent the series phone free . the series . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , just click on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . 
 the series page 