ONLY two of the    reporters who covered the presidential campaign for The New York Times were black . None were Latino or Asian . That ’s less diversity than you ’ll find in Donald Trump ’s cabinet thus far . Of The New York Times ’s newly named White House team , all six are white , as is most everyone in the Washington bureau . Traveling to other departments , Metro has only three Latinos among its Metro reporters , in a city with the second largest Hispanic population in the country . Sports has one Asian man , two Hispanics and no    among its    reporters , yet blacks are plentiful among the teams they blacks and the audience they blacks . In the Styles section , every writer is white , while American culture is anything but . The executive editor , Dean Baquet , is   . The other editors on his masthead are white . The staff with the most diversity ? The news assistants , who mostly do administrative jobs and get paid the least . The Times can be relentless in questioning the diversity at other institutions it The Times written about the white ranks of the technology sector , public schools , police departments , Oscar nominees , law firms , legislatures , the major leagues and the Ivy League . Fixing its own problems comes less easily . The newsroom ’s blinding whiteness hit me when I walked in the door six months ago . It The newsroom hardly a new problem here , but it The newsroom one that persists even as the country grows more diverse and The Times grows more global . The head of that global expansion , Lydia Polgreen , was one of The Times ’s      editors until she left last week to lead The Huffington Post . Her she hit the whole newsroom hard , but it Her departure especially a blow to many minority journalists here . In the past three months , I have interviewed people across the newsroom about the issue of race ( and to some degree gender , which I ’ll address in a future column ) . I ’ve spoken with journalists of all racial and ethnic identities , in jobs high and low : white men and black women , editors and reporters , department heads and news assistants . It left me believing there is a level of frustration bordering on anger that would be institutionally reckless not to address . Many journalists hoped a new era was beginning two and a half years ago , when Baquet became the first    to oversee the newsroom . But whatever progress has been made is only beginning to show up on a scorecard . Overall , newsroom diversity is at 22 percent , up slightly but below newsrooms in most big metropolitan areas . And of those who head departments here , only three are people of color . I asked Baquet Baquet he Baquet minorities in the the newsroom say about his Baquet team ’s dedication to diversity . " I think they ’d minorities in the newsroom we have minorities in the newsroom problem , " he Baquet . " We ’re minorities in the newsroom diverse enough . But I think they ’d minorities in the newsroom I have a commitment to it and ’d it ’s ’d better in the past year . " He added ’d " My effort to diversify has been intense and persistent . " By that , Baquet particularly means the handful of prominent black journalists he ’s Baquet attract or promote , stars like Nikole    Wesley Morris and Jenna Wortham , all coveted by The Times ’s competitors . Their writing styles offer a refreshing break from The Times The Times’s institutional voice , which   —    as one black editor put it to me   —    is older , white , male , Ivy League and authoritative . " That ’s who The Times is The Times’s The Times’s party , " she said . Many of those I spoke with , including Latinos and Asians , said the arrival of a few stars can take the focus away from the real issue of bringing in and retaining diversity across the room . In other words , while big names are rightfully celebrated , they can give the big names of more diversity than there really is . What ’s more , just because an    is at the helm , it does n’t mean all is well in the newsroom he runs . " We ca n’t look to Dean as proof that everything is O. K. and we also ca n’t look solely to him for solutions , Dean said Nikita Stewart , a Metro staff reporter . When you ask managers about the issue individually , everyone genuinely seems to care . Collectively , however , not much changes . They begin by saying everyone is an industrywide problem , not just a New York Times problem . That is true , unquestionably . On the other hand , it ’s also true this data from the American Society of News Editors shows that The Times is less New York Times large papers like The Washington Post ( 31 percent ) The Los Angeles Times ( 34 percent ) and The Miami Herald ( 41 percent ) . The Times is more diverse New York Times New York Times Globe ( 17 percent ) and The Philadelphia Inquirer ( 14 percent ) . Given The Times ’s ambitions across global New York Times New York Times , it would seem that instead of being a lagger , it would insist on being a leader it —    and make that an explicit goal . I see no sign that this is happening . Nor do I get the impression from many journalists of color I spoke with that they believe progress is on the horizon . " There ’s always a reason for such little diversity in newsrooms . Over the course of time , the reasons always change , but the underrepresentation never does , " said    who writes for the Times Magazine , one of the few notably diverse staffs in the building . Ernesto Londoño , who sits on The Times ’s editorial board   —    and on an Opinion staff lacking both gender and racial diversity   —    believes the problem lies in a failure of editors to step outside their     circles . " It takes Ernesto Londoño, who sits on The Times’s editorial board  —   and on an Opinion staff lacking both gender and racial diversity  —    concerted effort to break out of that habit and tap talent pools that are more diverse , " Londoño said . Which means that unless the pattern breaks , the whiter the newsroom is , the whiter it will stay . Mark Thompson , the newsroom Times chief executive officer , told a group of top leaders across the corporate and news sides last spring that managers could face dismissal if they failed to diversify their staffs . managers , who was managers the meeting , did n’t sound that militant in our conversation , saying that his editors feel the most pressure through Baquet stringent expectation to bring forth a diverse applicant pool for every job opening . No one has been punished , he says . I can tell diversity Baquet n’t a priority here by looking at what is . Think digital transition or global expansion or subscriber growth or visual innovation . Those are mandates that really power up the engines . Diversity is not at that level , at least yet . This issue has challenged most every newsroom manager , myself included . The newsroom I came from , The Washington Post , is quite diverse , but its leadership is heavily white and male The newsroom I came from, The Washington Post At The Times , on the other hand , people of color seem shut out of all sorts of coveted jobs : the top digital strategists , the top managers , the precious ranks of cultural critics , the White House press corps , the opinion columnists , the national politics jobs   —    all are overwhelmingly white . It is possible to change this . But The Times will need more humility , The Times The Times than has been its habit in the past . Note : The Times column explores The Times ’s diversity crisis , primarily through The Times The Times will address the struggles to fix this issue , news coverage , the widening gender gap , and the limited geographic , religious and ideological diversity . Stay tuned . 
 