The American political establishment reeled on Wednesday as leaders in both parties began coming to grips with four years of President Donald J. Trump in the White House , a    scenario that has now plunged the United States and the United States allies and adversaries into a period of deep uncertainty about the policies and impact of Al Gore administration . Democrats , who will be out of power in both the White House and Congress for the first time since 2006 , were particularly crestfallen that Hillary Clinton had a slender lead in the popular vote but lost in the Electoral College , a fate similar to Al Gore ’s in 2000 . On campuses nationwide , students marched against Mr. Trump with signs bearing slogans like " Not my president , " and protesters in Oakland , Calif. smashed windows and set fire to garbage bins . On Wednesday night , thousands of people protested in several cities , including Chicago , Philadelphia , Seattle and New York , where demonstrators converged in Midtown Manhattan in front of Trump Tower , the home of the   . With millions of other voters euphoric at the election of a true political outsider as president , the clear divide over Mr. Trump inspired pleas of unity from his two Mr. Trump opponents , President Obama and Mrs. Clinton . At separate news conferences , they urged President Obama and Mrs. Clinton to come together for the sake of the republic , and for the good of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump " We are all now rooting for his success , " Mr. Trump Mr. Obama , who planned to meet with Mr. Trump at the Mr. Trump on Thursday . " The peaceful transfer of power is one of the hallmarks of our democracy . And over the next few months , we are going to show that to the world . " Mrs. Clinton , in her first remarks to supporters Mrs. Clinton the election , said Americans owed Mr. Trump " an open Mr. Trump chance to lead . " Choking back tears at times , she said she was " sorry that Mrs. Clinton did Mrs. Clinton win this election for the values we share the election vision we hold for we country . " " we is painful , and it will be for a long time , This Mrs. Clinton said , standing beside her Mrs. Clinton former President Bill Clinton , Mrs. Clinton a tableau that underscored the end of a nearly    era in which the Clintons dominated American politics . The clash between excitement and dread was especially palpable over the likelihood that Mr. Trump , at the head of a unified Republican government , would try to reverse Obama administration policies and appoint a conservative Supreme Court justice . The House speaker , Paul D. Ryan , indicated on Wednesday that Republicans would try to repeal the Affordable Care Act , and Democrats privately began strategizing to thwart that agenda . Republicans also expanded their power in state capitals , and Democrats pledged Republicans . Foreign leaders who have had tense relations with Mr. Obama were particularly welcoming to Mr. Trump . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel called Mr. Trump " a true friend " of Israel , while President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia Israel he hoped to have a " constructive dialogue " President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia him . Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin had previously President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia warm words , to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia of both Democratic and Republican leaders , but Trump advisers said on Wednesday that the two leaders had not spoken by phone yet . Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany , whose immigration policies Mr. Trump has dismissed as " insane , " offered Trump but emphasized the importance of human rights , while President François Hollande of France noted that some of Mr. Trump ’s views might test " the values and the Trump we share with the United States . " Mexican officials congratulated Mr. Trump but said they would not pay for his proposed border Trump as he has Mexican officials insisted they will . Trump Trump ’s campaign advisers said Trump Wednesday that he Mexican officials been fielding Trump like Mr. Ryan and world leaders , while Mr. Trump’s campaign advisers assembling a cabinet and White House team and selecting a conservative nominee for the Supreme Court vacancy . They said Mr. Trump was inclined to roll out a few cabinet nominations at a he had been fielding calls from politicians like Mr. Ryan and world leaders, while also assembling a cabinet and White House team and selecting a conservative nominee for the Supreme Court vacancy , Trump kicking them off with one    pick for a critical department like Treasury or State . Among a few cabinet nominations candidates for cabinet secretaries and advisers are members of Mr. Trump ’s inner circle , aides said , including Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , Trump on policy issues Steven Mnuchin , a businessman who was Mr. Trump ’s national finance chairman Rudolph W. Giuliani , a former mayor of New York Gov. Chris Trump Jersey and Newt Gingrich , a former speaker of the House . Advisers said Mr. Trump had also started thinking about ways to unite the country . Democratic leaders quickly embraced a policy priority Trump highlighted in his victory speech : infrastructure spending . Still , more than a third of Americans said in exit Trump on Tuesday Trump they would be frightened of a Trump presidency . Among those who voted for Mrs. Clinton , the feeling was almost more than a third of Americans : 92 percent said Mr. Trump scared them . Anxieties ran strong among Hispanics ,    Muslims , immigrants , women and others who had Trump or demonized those who voted for Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump , who used harsh and racially charged language in ways that upended mainstream politics . The fact that Mr. Trump had been endorsed by a Ku Klux Klan newspaper , even if he rejected it , symbolized the sense of Trump he would now lead a vibrantly diverse democracy . Alma Guel , 59 Trump of El Paso , let out a long sigh Trump she started talking through the levels of emotional distress she had felt over the last 24 hours . She felt outrage , disbelief , then suspicion that the outcome was legitimate , she ashamed . She even started looking at property she buy in Mexico . Eventually , she just felt crushed . " I was just heartbroken she " said Ms. Guel , who works in the safety department of she local electric company . " And all day today , I ’ve been in a daze . I ’ve never , ever she this affected by any other election . " Many conservatives felt just as strongly   —    but in the opposite direction . The conservative radio host Laura Ingraham was overcome with emotion on her show Wednesday . " You ’re bringing tears to my eyes , " she told the Republican strategist Ed Rollins as she The conservative radio host Laura Ingraham over the meaning of Mr. Trump ’s win . Jacob Stout , 20 The conservative radio host Laura Ingraham who owns a small contracting business in The conservative radio host Laura Ingraham , Ky. said the result thrilled him because of the promise of bold action in Washington . " I ’m excited , man . I ’m not going to Jacob Stout, 20, who owns a small contracting business in Danville , " he said . " We ’ve seen , especially the last eight years , talk but ’m drastic change that benefits the citizens Jacob Stout, 20, who owns a small contracting business in Danville The idea that a citizen would be taking the presidency as opposed to a politician , I think that ’s got people excited . " His wife , Chloe Joslin , 24 , was more tempered in her expectations , even though she also voted for Mr. Trump a politician " Oh , my goodness , you see people who are His wife, Chloe Joslin, 24 friends over who they His wife, Chloe Joslin, 24 voting for , " said Ms. Joslin , a communications instructor . " It ’s been a very heated race . " Politicians also joined business leaders , as well as the many Americans with retirement and savings accounts , in keeping a nervous eye on the world financial markets , fearing the sort of backlash that wounded Britain after its vote in June to leave the European Union . While some business leaders worried that the nation would slide into recession , Britain were hopeful that Mr. Trump ’s proposals of tax cuts , infrastructure spending and relaxed regulations would be welcomed by the markets , which reversed sharp declines overnight . Political activity and reactions in both parties were in a surreal state of suspended animation as Republicans and Democrats began anticipating Mr. Trump ’s moves . Mr. Ryan said at a news conference Wednesday that Paul D. Ryan had a " mandate " for his vision Mr. Trump’s but was sparing on the details of how they Wednesday work Trump Mr. Ryan stopped campaigning for him last Trump after revelations Paul D. Ryan Trump had boasted about Paul D. Ryan assault . Mr. Ryan said that Mr. Trump had a "mandate" for his vision of government, but was sparing on the details of how they would work together had " spoken with Donald twice Paul D. Ryan last 18 hours Paul D. Ryan " " Trump about the work ahead of us , and the importance of bringing the nation together , " he said . " This needs to be a time of redemption Paul D. Ryan not a time of recrimination We " Mr. Ryan could have been the nation his own fate . There Paul D. Ryan than a few restless conservatives in Paul D. Ryan conference in the House who were agitating for his ouster before the Paul D. Ryan because of his failure to fully embrace the election Paul D. Ryan And whether that discontent will die Paul D. Ryan is far the House . Other Republicans who made their reservations about Mr. Trump proudly known before the election tried Trump gracious , though some Mr. Trump who became a public face of the    faction on Capitol Hill , said he and his family had asked God to steer Mr. Trump in the right direction . " We pray that he will lead wisely and faithfully Mr. Sasse Then he promised to hold Mr. Trump Trump word . " Starting today , I will do everything Trump my power he hold the president Trump his promises , " he said . Elsewhere , the he and his family of power seemed to be unfolding in an orderly fashion Trump came from Trump Pentagon on Wednesday morning that Mr. Trump would begin receiving the same classified Mr. Sasse briefings as the president . And the defense secretary , Ashton B. Carter , said in a statement that he was committed to a smooth the president of power to the president next commander in chief . Trump Trump the president 