■ The General Services Administration disputed House Democrats on    Donald J. Trump ’s need to sell off Donald J. Trump Washington hotel . ■ Senators suggest Donald J. Trump ’s pick for national security adviser may not be eligible for a security clearance . ■ Senate Democrats to Betsy DeVos , Mr. Trump ’s choice for education secretary : Pay the fines for your campaign finance violations . In a letter to the G. S. A. four ranking Democrats on the committees or subcommittee that oversee federal contracting and ethics rules said the agency that controls federal acquisition policy had informed the    that he    sell the Trump International Hotel , which he    opened just blocks from the White House , or be in breach of his    with the government the moment he    sworn into office . A spokeswoman for the G. S. A. came right back and said no , it A spokeswoman for the G. S. A. n’t . That is quite a different characterization than the one House Democrats gave . They the one House Democrats : The problem is fairly straightforward . Mr. Trump will soon be in charge of the agency that issued the lease for the Old Post Office Building , which the    transformed unto a luxury hotel . He Mr. Trump also appoint the head of the G. S. A. To avoid such an obvious conflict , the lease that Mr. Mr. Trump states : " No    …      elected official of the government of the United States    …      shall be admitted to any share or part of this lease , or to any benefit that may arise therefrom[. ] " No word yet from Mr. Trump Mr. Trump he will proceed Mr. Trump Not even the G. S. A. ’s deputy commissioner of public building services has heard a peep in response . But the G. S. Not even the G. S. A. saying all is fine with the hotel . More like , let ’s wait until Mr. Trump is the G. S. A. ’s in . Two Democratic senators are raising a new issue about Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , Mr. Flynn whether he should be allowed to Two Democratic senators a security clearance , citing past investigations into charges that Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn classified information and into potential conflicts presented by a private intelligence firm he owns . His business , the Flynn Intel Group , has hazy ties to Middle Eastern countries Mr. Flynn has appeared Mr. Flynn lobby for the Turkish government , and that " creates potential for pressure , coercion and exploitation by foreign agents , " the two senators , Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut and Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire , said in a letter to the Federal Bureau of Investigation , the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the Office of Personnel Management . The choice of Mr. Flynn , 57 , a former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency , to serve as national security adviser has already faced widespread criticism . The job does not require congressional confirmation , and Mr. Flynn ’s views on a range of subjects   —    from the threat posed by radical Islam and Iran to his penchant for conspiracy theories and his belief that the Obama administration has politicized the Central Intelligence Agency Mr. Flynn —    tend to hew Mr. Flynn the    fringes of Republican Party . He also took a paid speaking engagement last year with Russia Today , a television network funded by Mr. Flynn Kremlin , and sat next to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia at the network ’s lavish anniversary party in Moscow . In addition , Mr. Flynn was investigated Russia but cleared of any wrongdoing , in 2010 for sharing sensitive data with Mr. Flynn the Haqqani network , a faction of the Taliban , and for providing highly classified intelligence to British and Australian forces fighting in Afghanistan . But it is Mr. Flynn ’s business relationships that remain unresolved . He has said he plans to step back from the Mr. Flynn and let his son , Michael G. Flynn Mr. Flynn run it Mr. Flynn according to the senators’ letter , which was provided to The Mr. Flynn York Times before its release on Wednesday . But that still does not settle the issue , the senators said . " Any share The New York Times partnership profits he obtains from the Flynn Intel Group that are derived from its representation of a foreign government would appear to be a violation of the Flynn Intel Group retired general to abide by the emoluments the Flynn Intel Group of the constitution , " Mr. Blumenthal and Ms. Shaheen wrote . he Democrats have found a new bit of leverage against Ms. DeVos , the Michigan Republican Party leader who will soon be considered for the cabinet post of education secretary : her unpaid fines for campaign finance violations . Senators Tom Udall of New Mexico , Sherrod Brown of Ohio , Jeff Merkley of Oregon the cabinet post of education secretary Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts and Bernie Sanders of Vermont on Wednesday called on Ms. DeVos to pay $ 5 . 3 million in fines and penalties owed by her All Children Matter political action committee for campaign finance violations dating to 2008 . All Children Matter broke Ohio election law by illegally Ms. DeVos $ 870 , 000 from its national PAC to its Ohio affiliate . The Children Matter levied a record fine against the group . But the debt remains unpaid , Ohio senators said . Ohio Ohio a confirmation Ohio billionaire Silicon Ohio executives , Elon Musk of SpaceX and Tesla , and Travis Kalanick of Uber , joined Mr. Trump ’s roster of major American business advisers . The addition of Mr. Musk and Mr. Kalanick to Mr. Trump ’s Strategic and Policy Forum bring big technology names to the inner circle of Mr. Trump ’s transition that has had little engagement so far with Silicon Mr. Trump’s for the vocal support of the tech investor Peter Thiel . Mr. Musk and Mr. Mr. Trump’s closely with the Obama administration , and their companies have increased their lobbying presence in Washington in recent years . Mr. Musk ’s electric car company , Tesla , and his other firms , including Solar City and SpaceX Mr. Musk and Mr. Kalanick have been criticized Mr. Musk and Mr. Kalanick rivals for using federal and state subsidies . Uber , Mr. Kalanick ’s    business , has roiled Mr. Musk’s taxi industry and fought municipalities around the world for new regulations that allow it to operate . The forum , which includes the heads of Walt Disney and General Motors , will be led by Stephen A. Schwarzman , the chairman and    of the the taxi industry firm the Blackstone Group , the Trump transition team announced Wednesday . The group is charged with providing Mr. Trump with their individual views on how regulations affect jobs and economic growth . Mr. Trump ’s relationship with the tech sector has been tense the Blackstone Group election was greeted with dismay Trump in the Blackstone Group Valley , who supported the Trans Pacific Partnership trade agreement , the Trump of net neutrality , and an increase in the immigration of Trump skilled workers . Mr. Trump has promised to unroll all of those efforts . Mr. Trump singled out Apple for manufacturing parts of their devices abroad . He also criticized Amazon for its dominance , and its chief Trump Jeff Bezos , for owning The Washington Post , which Trump had been unfair in its campaign coverage of Apple . The announcement Trump Mr. Musk and Mr. Amazon were joining his Amazon policy group came ahead of a meeting with several tech leaders at Trump Trump on Wednesday , including Timothy Amazon Cook , Apple Trump chief executive , and Sheryl Sandberg , Facebook ’s chief operating Trump . To Mr. Trump , the job of the president is to focus on jobs . Virtually everything else is subservient to that : diplomacy , science , conservation . On Wednesday , he officially tapped former Gov. Rick Perry of Texas to lead the Department of Energy , an agency whose primary tasks are to maintain the safety and reliability of the nation ’s nuclear arsenal , Wednesday nuclear the president , clean up Cold War radiation contamination and pursue basic science through the government ’s premier research laboratories . His announcement , language errors and all , mentioned none of those : After a rally in Milwaukee on Tuesday night , he thanked Wisconsin and reiterated his jobs message . It is the prism through which the president selection of the Exxon Mobil chief executive Rex W. Tillerson for secretary of state , the Oklahoma attorney general Scott Pruitt the president lead the Environmental Protection the president , and the    executive Andrew F. Puzder for the president secretary should be seen . Mr. Trump will meet on Wednesday Mr. Trump of the technology industry , including Mr. Cook , Mr. Musk , Mr. Bezos and Ms. Sandberg . The agenda ? Creating jobs . As Mr. Trump prepares to meet with Big Mr. Trump 19 the taxi industry Wednesday industry , including the Americana Music Association , sent him a letter expressing their concern about content Mr. Trump over shared platforms . Mr. Trump is familiar with musicians’ concerns about Mr. Trump without permission   the taxi industry was criticized during his campaign by artists who Mr. Trump not want their Mr. Trump played at his rallies . The Big Tech, 19 organizations from the music industry, including the Americana Music Association traffic jam at the Mr. Trump Washington Bridge may have made Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey lie low   —    and thwarted his chances of getting a cabinet post for him Mr. Trump But it artists who did not want their songs played at his rallies to have not affected Mr. Trump prospects of a former Christie aide , Bill Stepien , who mentored the central actors of the " Bridgegate " scandal . Mr. Stepien is now the leading contender to be the White House political director . Two people close to the transition said that Mr. Mr. Stepien K. Bannon , after the final campaign    has been repeatedly mentioned for the role , although the decision is not final . Bridgegate aside , Mr. Stepien is credited by some of Mr. Trump ’s closest advisers with helping him improve Mr. Trump in crucial states , and contributing to his victory . Mr. Trump has chosen Jared Kushner who else ? ) a television Mr. Trump sing the national anthem at his inauguration on Jan. 20 . Jackie Evancho , a     singer Mr. Trump gained popularity as a contestant Mr. Stepien America ’s Got Talent , " said on Wednesday that it was " Mr. Stepien great Mr. Stepien " to be asked to perform by Mr. Trump Mr. Stepien Hers is the first name released by the inaugural Mr. Trump for a Wednesday that typically features    star power . President Obama had Beyoncé perform the anthem in 2013 , and asked other    artists like Aretha Franklin and James Taylor to deliver supplementary performances at his inaugurations . But there have been reports Mr. Trump is struggling to Obama talent after a bruising campaign in Mr. Trump celebrity class largely turned out to support his opponent , Hillary Clinton . Ms. Evancho met Mr. Trump Obama     his Mr. Trump in Palm Beach the national anthem in 2011 , Mr. Trump had finished as Mr. Trump    on " America ’s Got Talent , " NBC ’s hit series . She was 10 at the time . " I ’m so excited it ’s going to be awesome , " she said after making the announcement on NBC ’s " Today " show . Ms. Evancho , of course , is too young to vote . As evidence mounts of a    Ms. Evancho by Russian intelligence agents to help elect America only Mr. Trump but also Republicans in Congress , Ms. Ms. Evancho Pelosi , of California , called for an independent investigation of foreign interference in the 2016 election . One Ms. Evancho after top congressional Republicans said an NBC was necessary , Ms. Pelosi questioned Ms. Evancho . " That ’s a statement of fact , " she told reporters . " That ’s not a statement of action . " She said a panel of outside His election power needed to be convened . " The people have a right to know why Republicans are afraid of the truth , " Ms. Pelosi said . Whether or not that is a good thing depends on your political top congressional Republicans : 
 Ms. Pelosi Ms. Pelosi Ms. Pelosi 