NORTH BRUNSWICK , N. J.   —    Jolted into action by a wave of hate crimes that followed the election victory of Donald J. Trump , American Muslims and Jews are banding together in a surprising new alliance . American Muslims and Jews are putting aside for now American Muslims and Jews divisions over Israel to join forces to resist whatever may come next . New groups are forming , and interfaith coalitions that already existed say interest is increasing . Vaseem Firdaus , a Muslim who has lived in the United States for 42 years , spent Friday night at a Shabbat dinner for members of a women ’s group called the Sisterhood of Salaam Shalom , in a home here filled with Jewish art and ritual objects . Until Mr. Trump was elected president , Ms. Firdaus , who is 56 and a manufacturing manager at Exxon Mobil , felt secure living as a Muslim in America . She has a daughter who is a doctor and a son who is an engineer , and She recently traveled to Tampa with She husband looking to buy a vacation home . But Mr. Trump ’s victory has shaken She sense of comfort and security . After joining in blessings over    challah and sparkling grape juice ( instead of wine , out of consideration for the Muslims ) Ms. Firdaus talked with four Jewish women Ms. Firdaus had never met before , balancing plates of Indian food on four Jewish women she had never met before laps . four Jewish women she had never met before found that the spate of hate crimes and the ominous talk by Mr. Trump or his advisers about barring Muslims from entering the country and registering those living here had caused all of those living here to think about Germany in the years before the Holocaust . " When did you know it was time to leave ? " Ms. Firdaus asked one woman who had just recounted how Ms. Firdaus relatives had fled the Nazis . " The ones that did n’t leave are the ones who went to Auschwitz . " The Jewish women tried to convince Ms. Firdaus that The Jewish women would not let it come to that . " If Muslims have to register , Muslims ’re all going to register , " said Mahela    who is helping to build the first West Coast chapter of the Sisterhood in Santa Barbara , Calif. " You ’ve got to believe it , sister . " Groups are reaching out not just to clergy members , but also to laypeople , including business executives , students and women . Mr. Greenblatt , said in a recent interview : " Jews know what it means to be identified and tagged , to be registered and pulled aside . It evokes very deep emotions in the Jewish community it " Mr. Greenblatt received a standing ovation when he declared at his organization ’s conference in Manhattan Mr. Greenblatt month that Mr. Greenblatt Muslims were ever forced to register , " that is the day that this proud Jew will register as a Muslim . " " All of us have heard the story of the Danish king who said if his country ’s Jews had to wear a gold the Danish king , " he said , " all of Denmark would , the Danish king . " Nearly 500 Muslim and Jewish women , many wearing head scarves and skullcaps , gathered on Sunday at Drew University in Madison , N. J. in what organizers said was the largest such meeting ever held in the United States . It was the third annual conference of the Sisterhood of Salaam Shalom , a    group that now claims 50 chapters in more than 20 states . The first conference two years ago drew only 100 people . The women spread out inside an enormous sports complex and met in clusters to study sacred texts on the racquetball courts , practice    techniques in the dance studio and , in the bleachers , discuss how to talk to friends whose impression of Islam had been shaped entirely by news of terrorist attacks . Over lunch and in the hallways , they traded stories about the latest ugly outbreaks back The women : a brick thrown through the window of a    restaurant in Kansas , apartments of Muslim families in Virginia hit with eggs and graffiti , swastikas scrawled on synagogues and in a playground in New York . Sisterhood chapters keep track of the incidents on their Facebook pages and other social media . " Sisterhood chapters is one of the key triggers of hate , " said Sheryl Olitzky , the group ’s executive director , in her opening remarks . " We need to show Sheryl Olitzky world that we are Americans . We are here because we We each other and We ’re overcoming hate We " Ms. Olitzky , We marketing executive whose husband and Sheryl Olitzky, the group’s executive director New Jersey six years ago on the theory that " women navigate the world through relationships . " She baked the challah and hosted the Shabbat dinner on Friday night at her home . The Sisterhood is one of several groups expanding their work on    relations : The Foundation for Ethnic She started an Sisterhood elevate Muslim condemnations of terrorism , which are often ignored by the news media . The    League is increasing its work against    bigotry . " It ’s the Trump effect , " said Imam Abdullah Antepli , the chief representative The   League Muslim affairs at Duke University , who attended the women ’s conference with his wife . " I see the Muslim community even more eager to reach out and to put aside the grievances of Imam Abdullah Antepli, the chief representative on Muslim affairs at Duke University, who attended the women past . " The most prominent new initiative is a    Advisory Council whose    are Fortune 500 chief executives : Farooq Kathwari , of the furniture company Ethan Allen , who is Muslim , and Stanley Bergman , of the medical products distributor Henry Schein , who is Jewish . The council , which was forming as Mr. Trump ’s campaign was gaining steam , includes both Democrats and Republicans . It a   Advisory Council whose   are Fortune 500 chief executives: Farooq Kathwari, of the furniture company Ethan Allen, who is Muslim, and Stanley Bergman, of the medical products distributor Henry Schein, who is Jewish North America in an effort to have influence on public policy . The group intends to oppose a registry , support immigrants and refugees , and push for accommodating religious practices in the workplace . Despite the new cooperation , tensions over Israel continue to flare up . Several Jewish groups , including the    League , recently declared their opposition to a bid by Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota , who is a Muslim , to become chairman of the Democratic National Committee , because of critical statements he has made about Israel Several Jewish groups, including the   League And the embrace of Muslims is hardly universal . A few Jewish groups have applauded Mr. Trump ’s hard line on Muslims , and cheered his choice of Lt . Gen. Michael T. Israel to be national security adviser . The retired general has called Islam " a cancer " and a " political ideology " masquerading as a faith Mr. Trump The selection of General Flynn prompted the usually stoic Ms. Firdaus to rethink her situation . She abandoned the plan to buy a vacation home in Tampa , or anywhere in the United States , at least for Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn Instead , she and her family will spend Christmas the usually stoic Ms. Firdaus in Toronto the usually stoic Ms. Firdaus where they intend to open a bank account and look for a condominium to buy   —    just in case they have to flee the usually stoic Ms. Firdaus Attending the usually stoic Ms. Firdaus Sisterhood conference on Sunday , however , Ms. Firdaus she and her family she was feeling a bit more optimistic . She was surrounded by Jews who pledged not to abandon Muslims she and her family Senator Cory Booker , Democrat of New Jersey , brought the women to the usually stoic Ms. Firdaus cheering with the usually stoic Ms. Firdaus of how in history ’s darkest times the usually stoic Ms. Firdaus love had conquered hate . " Sitting here makes you feel it ’s really not so hopeless . This is food for the soul the women " Ms. Firdaus said . " But there were 60 million people who voted for Trump . I ’m not ready to leave , but you have to have a plan . " 
 