Vanessa Luna arrived in New York as a     from Peru , and grew up as an undocumented immigrant . While Vanessa Luna parents worked at cleaning jobs , Vanessa Luna hid Vanessa Luna status in high school until a guidance counselor helped Vanessa Luna get into the State University of New York at Binghamton to study American history . Vanessa Luna was a junior there when , in 2012 , President Obama gave Ms. Luna   —    and hundreds of thousands of other young people like Vanessa Luna —    temporary permission to stay and work in the United States . Vanessa Luna could become a teacher . " For the first time , I felt like this the United States me , " said Ms. Luna , 25 , who now teaches social studies at a middle school on the Lower East Side . But now , Vanessa Luna does not know what to think . During the presidential campaign , Donald J. Trump promised he would Donald J. Trump the program , Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , that Mr. Obama initiated . But in comments he made Mr. Obama Time Magazine last week , the    seemed to soften his stance Mr. Obama " We ’re going to work something out that ’s going to make people happy and proud , " Mr. Trump said , without offering specifics , though a Senate bill with bipartisan sponsorship introduced last week last week DACA ’s protections for three years . In the interview , Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump young immigrants : " They ’ve worked here the young immigrants they ’ve gone to the young immigrants here . Some were good students . Some have wonderful jobs . And they ’re in    Some because they do n’t know Some ’s going to happen . " On that , Ms. Luna agreed . " For someone like me , that uncertainty Ms. Luna looms , " she said . Across Ms. Luna country , more than 740 , 000 young immigrants , often called Dreamers , are wondering what will happen to the    work permits granted through DACA . They work in fields more than 740, 000 young immigrants education , law , medicine , finance and government . About 30 , 000 live and work in New York City , officials say . At the age of 5 , Chandrapaul Latchman was brought by strangers on an airplane from Guyana to reunite with his parents on Long Chandrapaul Latchman . He became student body Chandrapaul Latchman of Valley Stream Central High School , an honors student at Baruch College and an intern at BlackRock , the investment firm , before going to work at JPMorgan Chase . Today , at 23 , he is one of Chandrapaul Latchman bank ’s 100 credit risk analysts , assessing    loans to real estate developers and entertainment companies . He knows what he Chandrapaul Latchman feel were Chandrapaul Latchman Trump to cancel the program , known as DACA . " It ’s a feeling of rejection , " Mr. Latchman said . " Even though you tried so hard , and outworked so many people to get here , still at the end , you ’re not good enough and they do n’t want so many people , " he said . Because Mr. Latchman Obama initiated the program by executive action , Mr. Trump could still Mr. Trump with the stroke of the program pen . It does not need congressional the program . Without the right to work legally in the United States , the Dreamers could see the accouterments of    life   —    a studio apartment in Brooklyn , a driver ’s license , a biweekly paycheck with deductions for retirement , a coveted desk in a financial firm   —    disappear . Some viewed Mr. Trump ’s latest comments as polarizing , continuing a narrative from his campaign . " We Mr. Trump n’t want to differentiate between the good immigrants and the bad immigrants   —    however he chooses to qualify them Mr. Trump " said Hina the good immigrants and the bad immigrants   , 26 , a registered nurse on Staten Island and a    of the activist group , Dream Action Coalition . " Instead of just working it out with the Dreamers , what I ’d rather see is some clear policy in what he ’s hoping to work Mr. Trump with immigrants in general . " Otherwise , she said , the alternative Hina Naveed, 26, a registered nurse on Staten Island and a   of the activist group, Dream Action Coalition frightening : " We ’ll save DACA and all their parents will be deported   —    who will want to stay here ? " Mr. Latchman said that even before Mr. Trump was elected , his manager suggested exploring other Mr. Latchman around the world , like the one in Toronto . His work permit expires in Mr. Latchman summer of 2018 , about the time his    contract with the Mr. Latchman ends . A JPMorgan Chase spokesman , Andrew Gray , said that it was too early to discuss what was still a hypothetical situation . He emphasized that Mr. Latchman A JPMorgan Chase spokesman, Andrew Gray speaking personally , and not on behalf of the company . In many cases , employers , whether they are private or government employers , may not know if an employee has a work permit through DACA unless that person discloses it . And there is little any employer can do if an employee ’s work authorization is canceled . But Teach for America , the national organization that trains and recruits young teachers to work in schools in    communities has , since 2013 , made a point of hiring and supporting teachers who are covered by the program , helping with application fees and moving . Now it has pledged to offer the program and financial support to the 146 corps teachers who could lose their work permits . Ms. Luna , who works at the Great Oaks Charter School , said she would apply for a Ms. Luna, who works at the Great Oaks Charter School grant that Teach for America offers for resettlement . In her case , she might Ms. Luna, who works at the Great Oaks Charter School the money Ms. Luna, who works at the Great Oaks Charter School break her lease on her $ Ms. Luna, who works at the Great Oaks Charter School studio and Ms. Luna, who works at the Great Oaks Charter School back in with her parents , who live Ms. Luna, who works at the Great Oaks Charter School Port Chester , N. Y. Antonio Vance , the executive director in New York for Great Oaks Charter School , said he had already consulted lawyers to help Ms. Luna . " She ’s only been here Ms. Luna year , and she ’s already a model Ms. Luna , " Mr. Vance said . " It would be difficult to replace her and the relationships she Ms. Luna formed with her Ms. Luna . " Ms. Ms. Luna said that if Ms. Luna to lose her work permit Ms. Luna she would Ms. Luna going back to Ms. Luna for a degree in administration in hopes of one day opening her own school if the law Ms. Luna . She already has a master ’s Ms. Luna urban education and policy . " I would n’t lie to say it wo n’t devastate me . But it would ignite more of a it inside me , " she said , referring to her Ms. Luna to remain a teacher Ms. Luna the United States . Others said their fallback plan might mean retreating Others the underground economy . Juan Carlos Pérez , 31 , a math teacher at the International High School at Union Square , said he might have to return to Juan Carlos Pérez, 31, a math teacher at the International High School at Union Square English as a second language in Queens for a small stipend or even return to Mexico , which he left at age 11 . Juan Carlos Pérez, 31, a math teacher at the International High School at Union Square Luft , the executive director Mr. Luft Pérez could adversely affect the students who had come to confide in him . " I really fear what that does to their sense of hope , which can be tenuous to students anyway , " Mr. Luft said . According to an immigration lawyer , Mr. Pérez    Mr. Trump could still cancel the program immediately the students who had come to confide in him or let the existing    work permits simply expire . Ms. Naveed , whose family is from Pakistan , came to New York when she was 11 because her older sister needed medical treatment they came legally , but overstayed their visas . In May , Ms. Naveed was able to get a nursing license because the New Ms. Naveed State Board of Ms. Naveed allowed people covered by DACA Ms. Naveed, whose family is from Pakistan be eligible for 57 professional Ms. Naveed, whose family is from Pakistan . As a private home nurse , she now changes and maintains the tubes that allow a     baby to breathe and eat . Ms. Naveed said it would be " a significant loss " of independence to no longer be Ms. Naveed to work and take part in her community openly . Still , she said , " Ms. Naveed people survived , and after DACA people will survive . " 
 Ms. Naveed Ms. Naveed 