Under fire for suggesting that a federal judge , Gonzalo P. Curiel , was biased because he is    Donald J. Trump said on Tuesday that the judge ’s heritage does not make Donald J. Trump   " incapable of being impartial . " Here ’s the statement Donald J. Trump campaign released : It is unfortunate that my comments have been misconstrued as a categorical attack against people of Mexican heritage . I am friends with and employ thousands of people of Mexican and Hispanic descent . The American justice system relies on fair and impartial judges . All judges should be held to that standard . I do not feel that one ’s heritage makes All judges incapable of being impartial , but based on the rulings that I have received in the Trump University civil case , I feel justified in questioning whether I am receiving a fair trial . Over the past few weeks , I have watched as the media has reported one inaccuracy after another concerning the ongoing litigation involving Trump University . There are several important facts the public should know and that the the media failed to report . Throughout the litigation the ongoing litigation involving Trump University have continually demonstrated that students who participated in Trump Trump University provided a substantive , valuable education based upon a curriculum developed by professors from Northwestern University , Columbia Business School , Stanford University and other respected institutions . And the response from students was overwhelming . Over a    period , more than 10 , 000 paying students filled out surveys giving the courses high marks and expressing their overwhelming satisfaction with more than 10, 000 paying students University ’s programs Stanford University : Former student Tarla Makaeff , the original plaintiff in the litigation , not only completed multiple surveys rating Trump University ’s    seminar " Stanford University every category , but also praised Trump University ’s mentorship program in a glowing Stanford University testimonial . When asked " how could Trump University help to meet [ her ] goals , Stanford University simply stated " [ c]ontinue Stanford University offer great classes . Stanford University Once the plaintiffs’ lawyers realized how disastrous a witness she was , they asked to have her removed from the Stanford University . Over the plaintiffs’ lawyers lawyers’ objections , Stanford University judge granted the plaintiffs’ motion , but allowed the case to continue . Art Cohen , a lead plaintiffs the case litigation , completed a survey in which he not only rated Trump University ’s    seminar " excellent " in virtually every category , but went so far as to indicate that he would " attend another Trump University seminar " and even " he Trump University seminars to a friend . " When asked how Trump Trump University improve the seminar , Mr. Cohen ’s only suggestion was Trump University [ h]ave lunch another Trump University seminar" in " and make the lunch break 45 minutes . Former student Bob Giullo , who has been critical of Trump University in numerous interviews and negative advertisements from my political opponents , also Trump University satisfaction , rating Trump University ’s programs " excellent " in every category . When Mr. Cohen’s how Trump University could improve its programs , Mr. Giullo simply asked that students be provided Trump University comfortable chairs . Trump University Indeed , these Mr. Cohen’s a few of literally thousands of positive surveys , all of which can be viewed online at www . 98percentapproval . com . For those students who decided that Trump University ’s programs were not for them , the company had a generous refund policy Trump University full refund to any student who asked for Trump University’s programs back within three days of signing up for a program or by the end of the first day of Trump University’s programs multiday program , whichever came later . Normally , legal issues in a civil case would be heard in a neutral environment . However , given my unique circumstances as nominee of the Republican Party and the core issues of my campaign that focus on illegal immigration , jobs and unfair trade , I have concerns as to my ability to receive a fair trial . I am fighting hard to bring jobs back to the United States . Many companies   —    like Ford , General Motors , Nabisco , Carrier   —    are moving production to Mexico . Drugs and illegal immigrants are also pouring across our border . This is bad for all Americans , regardless of their heritage . Due to what I believe are unfair and mistaken rulings in this case and the judge ’s reported all Americans with certain professional organizations , questions were raised regarding the    judge ’s impartiality . It is a fair question . I hope it is not the case . While this lawsuit should have been dismissed , it is now scheduled for trial in November . I this case intend to comment on this matter any further . With this lawsuit of the thousands of people who have given the courses such high marks and accolades , we will win this case ! Donald J. Trump 
 this case 