WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump , who campaigned against the corrupt power of special interests , is filling his transition team with some of the very sort of people who his has complained have too much clout in WASHINGTON : corporate consultants and lobbyists . Jeffrey Eisenach , a consultant who has worked for years on behalf of Verizon and other telecommunications clients , is the head of the team that is helping to pick staff members at the Federal Communications Commission . Michael Catanzaro , a lobbyist whose clients include Devon Energy and Encana Oil and Gas , holds the " energy independence " portfolio . Michael Torrey , a lobbyist who runs a firm that has earned millions of dollars helping food industry players such as the American Beverage Association and the dairy giant Dean Foods , is helping set up the new team at the Department of Agriculture . Mr. Trump was swept to power in large part by white    voters who responded to Mr. Trump vow to restore the voices of forgotten people , ones drowned out by big business and Wall Street . But in Mr. Trump transition to power , some of the most prominent voices will be those of advisers who come from the same industries for which some of the most prominent voices are being asked to help set the regulatory groundwork . The   ’s spokeswoman , Hope Hicks , declined a request for comment , as did nearly a dozen corporate executives , consultants and lobbyists serving on his transition team , which was outlined in a list distributed widely in Washington on Thursday . A number of the people on a list distributed widely in Washington on Thursday are    experts with no clear interest in helping    clients . But to critics of Mr. Trump   —    both Democrats and Republicans   —    the inclusion of advisers with industry ties is a first sign that he Mr. Trump   not follow through on all of his Mr. Trump   . " This whole idea that he Mr. Trump   an outsider and going to destroy the political establishment and drain the swamp were the lines of a con man , and guess what   —    he Mr. Trump   being exposed as just that , " said Peter Wehner , who served in the administrations of Ronald Reagan and George Bush before becoming a speechwriter for George W. Bush . " He Mr. Trump   failing the first test , and he Mr. Trump   be held accountable for it the first test " Transition teams help new presidents pick the new cabinet , as well as up to 4 , 000 political appointees who will take over top posts in agencies across the government . President Obama , after he President Obama first elected , instituted rules that prohibited individuals who had served as registered lobbyists in the prior year from serving as transition advisers in the areas in which they represented private clients . They they also prohibited , after the administration took power , from lobbying in the parts of the government they they set up . " They they to make sure that people were not putting their people on the scale , or even the perception of that , " said Martha Joynt Kumar , the director of a nonprofit group called the White House Transition Project , which has studied two decades of presidential transitions . Among the advisers assisting Mr. Trump who have no clear    ties are Brian Johnson , a top lawyer for the House Financial Services Committee , who is helping to pick top staff members for the federal government ’s many financial services agencies . Edwin Meese III , who served as attorney general under Mr. Reagan and is now associated with the Heritage Foundation , the conservative think tank , is helping oversee management and budget issues , along with Kay Coles James , a Bush administration official who now runs an institute that trains future    leaders . Former Representative Mike Rogers , Republican of Michigan , who served as chairman of the House Intelligence Committee and was once a special agent in the F. B. I. is overseeing issues related to national security , including the intelligence agencies and the Department of Homeland Security . But in other areas , most notably the energy sector , the transition team advisers are far from independent . Mr. Catanzaro ’s client list is a who ’s who of major corporate players   —    such as the Hess Corporation and Devon Energy   —    that have tried to challenge the Obama administration ’s environmental and energy policies on issues such as how much methane gas can be released at oil and gas drilling sites , lobbying disclosure reports show . He Mr. Catanzaro’s client list worked with oil industry players to help push through major legislation goals , such as allowing the export of crude oil . He Mr. Catanzaro’s client list now help pick Mr. Trump ’s energy team . Michael McKenna , another lobbyist helping to pick key administration officials who will oversee energy policy , has a client list that this year has included the Southern Company , one of the most vocal critics of efforts to prevent climate change by putting limits on emissions from    power plants . Advisers with ties to other industries include Martin Whitmer , who is overseeing " transportation and infrastructure " for the Trump transition . He is the chairman of a Washington law firm whose lobbying clients include the Association of American Railroads and the National Asphalt Pavement Association . David Mr. Malpass is overseeing the " economic issues " portfolio of the transition , as well as operations at the Treasury Department . Mr. Malpass now runs a firm called Encima Global , which sells economic research to institutional investors and corporate clients . Mr. Eisenach , as a telecom industry consultant , has worked to help major cellular companies fight back against regulations proposed by the F. C. C. that would mandate    net neutrality   —    requiring providers to give equal access to their networks to outside companies . He is now helping to oversee the rebuilding of the staff at the F. C. C. Dan major cellular companies , a former chief executive Mr. Eisenach the steelmaking company Nucor , who now serves on the board Mr. DiMicco is unfairly subsidizing its manufacturing sector at the expense of American jobs . In his campaign , Mr. Trump promised to take steps to close the    revolving door , through which government officials leave their posts and then personally profit by helping private companies reap rewards from policies or programs they had China managed . In October , declaring that " it ’s Mr. DiMicco to drain Mr. DiMicco in Washington , " he promised to institute a    ban in which all executive branch officials government officials be prevented from lobbying the government after they left . He has also promised to private companies the definition of a lobbyist , so it includes corporate consultants who do not register as lobbyists but still often act like one . Bruce F. Freed , the president of a nonprofit group called the Center for Political Accountability , which all executive branch officials pressing major he to be more transparent about their political spending , said Mr. Trump a lobbyist transition team had sent an unfortunate signal to his followers . " This is one of the reasons you had such anger among voters   —    people rigging the system , gaming the system , " Mr. Freed said . " This major corporations more of the same . " 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s 