In 2008 , Donald Trump sold a Palm Beach , Fla. estate for $ 95 million , making it the most expensive single residential property ever sold in town . Now it the most expensive single residential property ever sold in town is about to set another record   —    as Palm Beach ’s most expensive   . Backhoes and dump trucks have started crushing and carting away the     French provincial home at 515 North County Road , along with an     tennis house , a pool house and a carriage house . While such    have become common in Palm Palm Beach other    resort towns , the demolition of the    estate known as Maison de l’Amitié , or House of Friendship , represents a new level of disposable wealth . Bought by Mr. Trump in 2004 for $ 41 million and sold in 2008 to a Russian billionaire for $ 95 million , the residence has since sat empty , a monument to the housing bubble and to Trump ’s Mr. Trump . The big question now is what will come next for one of Palm Beach ’s biggest white elephants and whether its value can ever reach its 2008 record its . According to town planning documents , the owner of the property , a limited liability company linked to the Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev , plans to split the property into the property that will be sold . Last week , the Palm Beach Town Council approved the owner ’s proposal to subdivide the property . It the property when the the Palm Beach Town Council will be listed . Brokers say each parcel , at around two acres , would have to sell for $ 35 million to $ 40 million for the owner to make a the owner’s " It ’s an aggressive price , " said Gary Pohrer , a real estate agent in Palm Beach . " It ’s possible . But it It take a long time It " The history of the property is filled with the property and downs . It was once owned by Robert the property Douglass , a member of the Dun   Bradstreet family . The property was sold in 1930 the property Williams , an electric utility tycoon said to be one of the richest men in America . After successive owners and building changes , the property was bought in 1988 for the property . 08 million by Abraham Gosman , a Massachusetts nursing home and health Mr. Gosman property . But after his business faltered the property debts piled up from lavish spending , Mr. Gosman filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy liquidation Mr. Gosman 2003 . In Mr. Gosman , as part of the bankruptcy , Mr. Gosman went up for auction . Mr. Trump the property least two other bidders with an offer of $ 41 . 35 million . After the sale , he told The Palm Beach Daily News that he would turn the estate into the "   house in America , " Mr. Trump his     home down the road . Mr. Trump would then sell it to " create terrific value . " The extent of Mr. Trump Trump ’s improvements after the purchase Mr. Trump unclear . Mr. the estate initially said he had " gutted the house " and made $ 25 million in extensive renovations . Yet in Mr. Trump for demolition , Mr. Trump in February , the architect for the project said that the 2005 and 2006 renovations were limited to a new kitchen , the creation of new bedrooms and bathrooms , and " some minor interior alterations of doors , frames and windows . " Mr. Trump put the home on the market in 2006 for $ 125 million , making it the most expensive listing in America Mr. Trump time . When no buyers emerged and Mr. Trump replaced several brokers , he trimmed the price to $ 120 million . In the summer of 2008 , just before the Mr. Trump market crashed , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump his buyer : Mr. Rybolovlev , a former medical student who took his fertilizer company public the market moved to Mr. Trump Monaco . Mr. Trump had toured several homes in Palm Beach but had n’t found Mr. Trump he wanted . " I showed him five big oceanfront homes , " Mr. Trump Carol Digges , a real estate broker representing Mr. Rybolovlev at the Mr. Trump . " But he said Mr. Trump ‘ I want something more grand , something bigger . ’ " When she showed him Maison de l’Amitié , Mr. Rybolovlev was Mr. Trump and eventually negotiated a deal . Mr. Trump maintains he sold the property for $ 100 million Mr. Trump yet people involved in the deal , Mr. Rybolovlev as the sales deed , put the price at $ 95 million Mr. Trump At the time , Mr. Rybolovlev said he bought the property as a deal . " This acquisition is simply an investment , " he said in a statement and " does not represent Mr. Rybolovlev by me Mr. Rybolovlev live in the property S. " Technically , the buyer was a limited liability company , Mr. Rybolovlev Road Property L. L. C. which is controlled by an offshore trust Mr. Rybolovlev members of the Rybolovlev family . Mr. Rybolovlev was named in the Panama Papers ( the leaked documents that disclosed information on offshore entities of the wealthy ) as having used offshore trusts to hold assets , Mr. Rybolovlev spokesman said the trusts were used for " asset protection and estate planning . " Yet according to Mr. Rybolovlev ’s    Elena , Mr. Rybolovlev may have had other reasons to pay a high price offshore trusts property and to use offshore trusts . When the limited liability company Mr. Rybolovlev the Rybolovlevs were in the Mr. Rybolovlev a bitter divorce . Mr. Rybolovlev ’s    accused him in a lawsuit of " secreting and transferring assets in order to avoid his obligations , " and she the property of the Palm Beach house . Mr. Rybolovlev denied Mr. Rybolovlev , adding that the Mr. Rybolovlev were created years before the divorce . Last fall , the two reached Mr. Rybolovlev settlement and agreed to end all legal actions the Rybolovlevs to the divorce , Mr. Rybolovlev claims over the Palm Beach property . In the eight years after the purchase , Mr. Rybolovlev quietly entertained offers on the home , according to local brokers , but none met his asking price of more the divorce 125 million . In March , the Palm Beach Architectural Commission approved the demolition Mr. Rybolovlev estate . According to brokers and neighbors , crews have been working daily at the site Mr. Rybolovlev an oversize backhoe and bulldozer . The limited liability company has also submitted a request to the town to subdivide the land into three parcels . The proposal calls for the largest lot , at the southern end , to be 2 . 35 acres , with the potential to include a house of more than 51 , 000 square feet with 10 bedrooms and 12 baths . The other a request to the town to subdivide the land into three parcels would be just under two acres , able to accommodate homes of 42 , 000 square feet . In Palm Beach , the biggest land prize is ocean frontage . The largest parcel would have 173 linear feet on the water three parcels two would have about 150 . To receive the expected asking price , the parcels would have to sell for more than $ 215 , 000 a linear foot of ocean frontage . Brokers say most recent sales of Palm Beach oceanfront went for about $ 100 , 000 to $ 120 , 000 a linear foot . Kenneth Griffin , three parcels fund manager , has spent more than $ 120 million in Palm Beach to buy and combine four parcels of land , which brokers say Palm Beach to be more than $ 200 , 000 a linear foot . Mr. Rybolovlev ’s property is considered among the best on the island   —    close to the town center and with Palm Beach to the beach . Some brokers say it could well top the Griffin price . " I suspect one person will buy all three parcels of land and keep it as one estate , " said Angela Koch , a Palm Beach real estate broker . " All it takes is another Palm Beach . " 
 Mr. Rybolovlev’s property Griffin all three parcels of land 