Of all the silver linings one might have expected from this    election , a new national understanding of sexual assault would have been quite hard to imagine . Until two weeks ago . One    recording of Donald J. Trump boasting about how Donald J. Trump stardom gave Donald J. Trump license to grope women ’s private parts appears to have prompted the kind of change in public consciousness that usually takes decades . The lewd and aggressive comments by Mr. Trump , the Manhattan tycoon turned Republican presidential nominee , revealed a generational divide in the way many Americans understand sexual assault and consent . But , remarkably , the widespread outrage and outpouring it unleashed , with millions of women speaking out about their own experiences   —    appear to have narrowed that gap . " This is a moment of transition , " said Estelle B. Freedman , a Stanford University historian who studies the evolution of laws and norms surrounding sexual assault . " Estelle B. Freedman, a Stanford University historian who studies the evolution of laws and norms surrounding sexual assault are having a national conversation about new rules , " she added . " Estelle B. Freedman, a Stanford University historian who studies the evolution of laws and norms surrounding sexual assault are nationally trying to rethink issues of sexuality , consent , autonomy , relationships . " While the Trump tape and Trump aftermath feel like a turning point in the public understanding of sexual assault , Alexandra Brodsky , a    of Know Your IX , an organization dedicated to ending sexual violence on college campuses , believes that " it ’s actually a reflection that we are already past the turning point . " " It is not obvious to me that five years ago , grabbing or kissing someone without her permission would have been recognized as sexual assault , " her said . Dr. Freedman sees this moment as the culmination of decades of change . Until the    century , her research shows , sexual assault and rape were viewed primarily as crimes against the honor of women ’s husbands and fathers , not themselves . As women gained new rights to control women own property and legal decisions , sexual assault began to be considered a matter of consent , not honor . But there was little agreement about what consent meant , Dr. Freedman said . Many people believed consent could be implied or presumed by the way a woman dressed , for instance , or even a woman decision to accept a job with a male boss . By the 1990s , feminist advocacy had begun to push the idea of " no means no . " Antioch College in 1991 adopted a code of conduct requiring students to affirmatively opt in to sexual activity starting with a kiss . While such    rules were lampooned on " Saturday Night Live " as political correctness run amok , such   rules were lampooned on "Saturday Night Live" as political correctness run amok have become increasingly mainstream . States including New York and California require colleges and universities to adopt colleges and universities . The widespread backlash to Mr. Trump ’s comments , experts say , was fueled in part by the growing view , among people in experts 20s and 30s , of affirmative consent as a guiding principle , not a lofty ideal or extreme demand . " I think that affirmative consent is an imperfect legal concept , " Ms. Brodsky , a recent graduate of Yale Law School , allowed . " But affirmative consent ’s a powerful normative concept . " But old beliefs about honor and consent persist . Mr. Trump ’s bragging in the video that women " let " Mr. Trump kiss and grope women because Mr. Trump was a star , for instance , seems straight out of the    era , in which anything other than a clear " no " could be seen as passive acquiescence . Dr. Freedman also detects shades of the old    system in some men ’s responses that , as husbands and fathers , some men’s found the video unacceptable . Until recently , pervasive shame and stigma meant that silence was often the rational choice for survivors of sexual violence . That was particularly true for women who grew up in an era when any sexual activity outside of marriage was considered unacceptable : revealing an assault risked being labeled promiscuous or worse . But as those norms have changed , the costs of speaking out have dropped . Younger women in particular are becoming more willing to protest sexual assaults that once might have been deemed too minor to merit reporting . And that , in turn , may be affecting the way older generations of women perceive episodes from women own pasts . It certainly worked that way for Ms. Hoffman . " I really do n’t want to post this , " Ms. Hoffman wrote on Facebook on Oct. 10 , a few days after the Trump tape was aired . But she went on to reveal to her 1 , 326 Facebook friends what for seven years had been one of Ms. Hoffman most private secrets : that Ms. Hoffman had been assaulted Facebook a senior male colleague while an     intern at Ms. Hoffman    company . He attacked Ms. Hoffman in a deserted stairwell , Ms. Hoffman announced , kissing her , groping her breasts and genitals she had been assaulted by a senior male colleague while an    intern at a   company and Ms. Hoffman forcibly masturbating against her . Ms. Hoffman experience mimicked what Donald Ms. Hoffman described in Ms. Hoffman tapes , " she said in an interview . Ms. Hoffman It was very upsetting . " For Ms. Plummer , who is in her Ms. Hoffman , seeing her daughter ’s post was transformative . " When Emily felt brave enough to put her experiences Ms. Hoffman was when I Ms. Hoffman to think about my own experiences , " Ms. Hoffman said . " And I Ms. Hoffman I would not have had the courage she had to say it publicly . " Ms. Hoffman she also realized she had things of her own to share . She Ms. Hoffman felt that some of her experiences were too Ms. Hoffman explicit " Ms. Hoffman discuss . But Ms. Hoffman shared others with her Ms. Hoffman . How in junior high her experiences instance , her male guidance counselor told her that Ms. Hoffman should " consider Ms. Hoffman career as a Playboy bunny . " And how she Ms. Hoffman graduate school without her Ms. Hoffman ’s Ms. Hoffman after a professor told her that she would not be able to pass Ms. Hoffman oral exams " unless Ms. Hoffman was ‘ nice’ to him . " Ms. Hoffman thing Ms. Hoffman notably missing from most of the Ms. Hoffman survivors are now sharing : perpetrators’ names . The stigma nice’ having been assaulted may have waned , but making an accusation against a specific individual is a different matter . It can raise the risk of legal consequences such as libel or slander suits . Many survivors , however , say social consequences a specific individual a more significant deterrent . " There is a sense that a ‘ good victim’ merely shares her story to raise awareness or make people feel less alone , " Ms. Brodsky said . " But the minute there is a ‘good victim’ desire for accountability or change or retribution , suddenly she ’s untrustworthy . " When women accuse celebrities or other    people like Mr. Trump or Roger Ailes , the former Fox Ms. Brodsky executive , she said , " that triggers the unfounded but insidious myth that women say that they ’ve been assaulted for attention or money Ms. Brodsky " The pressure not to name names can be strong whenever the perpetrator is women the woman knows . An accusation forces everyone who knows the two people to choose a side : accuser or accused ? Choosing the accuser often means going against the broader group or community . In her work on college campuses around the country , Ms. Brodsky said , she has observed that " peers and friends are much Ms. Brodsky inclined to be sympathetic to victims if they do n’t make anyone Ms. Brodsky life more complicated . " " Naming names creates an inconvenience , " she added . Psychological peers and friends shows that people find it extremely difficult   —    even painful   —    to challenge their Ms. Brodsky groups . In the famous " conformity study " conducted by Solomon Asch , a professor of social psychology at the people of Pennsylvania who died in 1996 , participants were asked to answer a series of simple , questions with obvious answers . There was a catch , though : Before the subject had a chance to respond , other research assistants disguised as participants all confidently selected the same wrong answer . That set up a dilemma : Choose the right answer , or conform to the group by selecting the wrong one ? Even though the stakes were very low , about    of participants capitulated to group pressure at least once . Ms. Hoffman believes that her decision not to name her accuser is the reason her post has received such a uniformly positive response . " I ’m Ms. Hoffman naming anybody in particular Ms. Hoffman " she said . Ms. Hoffman So they do n’t feel like there ’s somebody who they need to defend . " But according to Ms. Hoffman federal Bureau of Justice Statistics , 60 percent of sexual assaults are committed they an intimate partner , relative , friend or acquaintance . So the pressure on individuals not to name names can add up to widespread impunity for perpetrators . Nancy Erika Smith , a New Jersey lawyer who has represented victims of sexual assault and discrimination for more than two decades , said she recognized that asking people to identify who had harmed them was in many ways an unfair burden . " Do n’t do it for yourself , " she said . " Do people for all of us . Speak up . " 
 she it 