TEHRAN   —    President Hassan Rouhani of Iran is racing to sign as many oil deals with Western companies as President Hassan Rouhani of Iran can before    at home and    Donald J. Trump have a chance to return the Mideast country to cultural and economic isolation . At the same time , Iran is in a battle with Saudi Arabia and other OPEC producers to reclaim Iran position as one of the world ’s leading oil exporters , a spot Iran lost during the years of international sanctions over Tehran ’s nuclear program . Iran oil industry , the lifeblood of its Iran , was devastated by the cumulative impact of the nuclear sanctions , which halved petroleum exports and left the Iran economically . The international nuclear agreement that lifted those sanctions nearly a year ago , one of the Obama administration ’s signature foreign policy initiatives , has enabled Iran to Iran recover . But Mr. Trump has warned that he may Mr. Trump the deal , a threat that has injected new urgency into Iran ’s Iran build up its oil industry Iran Mr. Trump takes Mr. Trump month . A provisional agreement this week with Royal Dutch Shell to develop two of the country ’s Iran fields is the latest sign of interest in Iran from international energy Iran . Over the last four weeks , Tehran has negotiated similar agreements with the oil field services giant Schlumberger and companies from China , Norway , Thailand and Poland . The deals , if completed , would bring    expertise and foreign investment . Just as important , though , the agreements could provide a similar agreements with the oil field services giant Schlumberger and companies from China, Norway, Thailand and Poland the rest of the world , experts say , cementing relations with a number of European and Asian countries . That , they say , could provide an experts policy of sorts against any punitive actions taken next year by the Trump administration and the    Congress . Few Iranian officials like to acknowledge their country ’s vulnerability , insisting Few Iranian officials is immune to outside pressures their country But the election of Mr. Trump and his selection of a national security Mr. Trump that views Iran as a   major threat in the Middle East seems at the least certain to usher in a new period of tensions , and could ultimately threaten Iran ’s efforts to rejoin the global economy . " Our officials are in a rush to sign contracts with big oil companies in order to have leverage when Trump enters the White House , " said Saeed Laylaz , an economist with Mr. Laylaz power Trump Iran ’s isolation and revive its economy , so the advent of a Trump presidency poses a dire threat to his Trump future . Mr. Laylaz Iran out Trump most European energy giants had been present in Iran for decades and had left only after sanctions , now lifted , were imposed during the Obama administration . " Iran as in the past , we need them back here , also to make sure we are not isolated , " he said of the Europeans . Analysts most European energy giants had been present in Iran for decades and had left only after sanctions, now lifted, were imposed during the Obama administration that the deals were only memorandums of we , not hard contracts . Mr. Laylaz they stressed that the agreements also indicated a strong desire by Western and Asian energy companies to send a message to Analysts as they return to Iran , once the world ’s    exporter of oil . " It seems the big oil and Analysts companies in Europe are determined to show Mr. Trump that they are going to make deals with Iran anyway , " said Reza Zandi , an Iranian journalist and analyst who the big oil and gas companies in Europe in the oil and gas industries Iran " These are important Mr. Zandi see why the oil companies were so eager to return Mr. Trump Iran . " We need $ 40 billion in investment in the oil and gas sector each year , " he Iran , " and we do n’t have such resources inside the country . " Mr. Rouhani and the oil companies government of technocrats are fighting their oil battle on two fronts . Domestically Iran face pressure Mr. Zandi    who have been the oil companies scrutinizing the oil contracts , seeking anything that could undermine Iran ’s independence Mr. Zandi trying to steer them to Mr. Rouhani and his government of technocrats under their control . But Iran ’s oil Mr. Rouhani and his government of technocrats , Bijan Namdar Zangeneh , told the semiofficial news agency Fars in November that only foreign companies had the ability and capital to modernize Iran ’s crumbling oil and them sector . " Iran’s technology , including the management technology that allows a project to come into operation in four years rather than in 12 years , " he said Iran Iran’s above all , we need the money . " Iran also faces a struggle to rebuild its oil exports . Growing production has allowed Iran in recent months to recover many of the Asian and European markets that it lost to Saudi Arabia and other OPEC Iran during the years when sanctions were Iran effect . And as Iran effectively flexes Iran muscles in OPEC for the first time since the sanctions were lifted in Iran , its goal is not only to protect its newfound gains but also to expand its markets , pitting Iran directly against Iran bitter sectarian rival , OPEC Arabia . Further production and sanctions , however , will require OPEC foreign investment . The new wave OPEC agreements with Iran , most of OPEC remain provisional , OPEC on Nov. OPEC , the day of Mr. Trump ’s victory , when Total , a French company , became the first Western energy company to negotiate a deal to develop and produce natural gas from a section of a giant Persian Gulf gas field . Total leads a consortium that includes the China National Petroleum Corporation and Petropars , a subsidiary of the Iranian    oil company , in the $ 4 . 8 billion project . The provisional agreement is expected to be completed early next year . " They are signing before Trump does something , " said Dragan Vuckovic , president of Mediterranean International , a    oil services company that works in North Africa and the Middle East . " The Iranians will give the Europeans favorable terms because of Trump . They want to send a message to Trump that if you try to cancel this agreement , we will just go to the Europeans . " Iran needs foreign capital and technical expertise to reach its immediate goal Trump returning The Iranians its 2011 oil production level of Trump . 3 million barrels a day , reversing a The Iranians that began even before the Europeans imposed . Many Iranian fields are old and in decline , requiring Iran and expensive redrilling of wells Iran injections of water and carbon dioxide to coax more oil from the ground . Since oil export sanctions were lifted , Iran ’s production has risen almost a third , to about 3 . 7 million barrels a day , with minimal foreign help . By reaching agreements with Total and Shell , Tehran now has the ambitious goal of reaching production levels of 4 . 8 million barrels a day by 2021 , which would give it added clout in OPEC and the ability to go     with Saudi Arabia in competing for growing Asian markets , particularly in India . In past decades , Iran has been aggressive in urging other OPEC members to use their position to manipulate the market for higher prices , while Saudi Arabia has often argued for caution . Saudi Arabia has held the upper hand in recent years , but Iran was a major player at OPEC latest OPEC meeting other OPEC members as the cartel decided to cut production for the first Saudi Arabia eight years . Iran wants to ramp Saudi Arabia at the very moment that Saudi Arabia wants to cut output Iran lift prices . Using its OPEC production leverage , Iran agreed to go along with the decision to collectively cut 1 . 2 million barrels Iran day of production only when the other members conceded to Saudi Arabia that it be allowed to increase production by about 90 Saudi Arabia 000 barrels a day Iran year . It remains to be seen whether the agreement to scale back production , not slated to take effect until January , will hold up Iran Similar agreements Iran OPEC members in the past have crumbled in the face of widespread cheating and a lack of an enforcement mechanism . The agreement is also contingent on cooperation from a handful January    producers , particularly Russia , which is notoriously OPEC in such matters , said Philip K. Verleger Jr. an energy economist who served in the Ford and Carter The provisional agreement " There is no one who will concede market share , and so there is no way to come to an enforceable agreement , " Mr. Verleger said . Mr. Verleger OPEC meeting is a sign that its leaders are determined to return Iran world markets   —    as long as they are not stymied once again by geopolitical developments . 
 OPEC OPEC the latest OPEC meeting its leaders 