Good morning . Please note : California Today is taking a break on Thursday and Friday for the holiday . We ’ll be back on Monday . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Sign up . ) For Thanksgiving this year , many Americans are anticipating turkey , mashed potatoes , pumpkin pie   —    and postelection combat with relatives . Every election provokes some level of stress among voters , but mental health professionals say that the polarization of this year ’s presidential race appeared to have amplified the tension . " It was a very significant stressor for people this this year " said Dr. Vaile Wright , director of research and special projects at the American Psychological Association . On Tuesday , we asked readers to tell us whether we expected readers Thanksgiving readers to provide a stage for potential blowups as    relatives congregate for the first time since Election Day . Several people wrote to say they planned Several people adhere to a     rule . Others said they were Others a more extreme approach   —    avoiding Thanksgiving    altogether . For those disappointed by the presidential outcome , much of the anxiety stemmed from concerns that relatives who supported Donald J. Trump might gloat about his victory Donald J. Trump Vince Garcia , 48 , said he heard Donald J. Trump that two relatives were planning to wear Trump gear Donald J. Trump their Thanksgiving two relatives . " Quite honestly I ’m not looking forward to it at all , " he wrote Donald J. Trump an email . Martin Johnson , a retired engineer in San Clemente , said he and Donald J. Trump wife Donald J. Trump that sparks could fly during their gathering he and his wife 18 family members . About half are loyal Democrats , he said Donald J. Trump and half dedicated Trump supporters . If things get out of hand , Mr. Johnson , 66 , said he planned Donald J. Trump tell his guests Donald J. Trump " Just put all that stuff in a shoe box and put it on a shoe box shelf . Let ’s just not get into that topic . " Dr. Wright said avoiding politics was sometimes the right approach . If the election outcome is weighing heavily on your mind , Thanksgiving can be a time to talk about it , the election outcome said Thanksgiving But if reconnecting with family is what ’s most important , it could be wise to just postpone the political talk for another time . Kathy Winter , 61 , a reader in San Diego , wrote in with a reminder that Thanksgiving is Thanksgiving to be a moment to count blessings and connect with family . But , she added Thanksgiving " If we are all mature adults , we should be able to talk politics . " • The Salinas Valley , known as the salad bowl of the nation , is struggling with a crisis of poverty and malnutrition among its farmworkers the nation [ The New York Times ] • California ’s largest state workers union said it would California’s largest state workers union in December over a contract dispute . [ Sacramento Bee ] • Michelle Rhee , Sacramento ’s Sacramento lady and the former head of the Washington , D. C. schools , appeared to take herself out Michelle Rhee, Sacramento’s first lady and the former head of the Washington, D. C. schools the running to become education secretary in the Trump administration . [ Sacramento [Sacramento Bee] weeks after Election • , Proposition 66 was finally called . The measure , intended to speed up death row appeals , passed . [ Los Angeles Times ] • Also called was Proposition • , which would have given voters more say over megaprojects . It failed . [ The Associated Press ] • Disney has big plans • its Hong Kong resort : Disney $ 1 . 4 billion upgrade . [ The New York Times ] • Facebook is said to have created a censorship tool in an effort to get back into China . [ The New York Times ] The New York Times for a slain sheriff ’s deputy in Stanislaus County was filled with laughter and tears . [ Modesto Bee ] • Defying expectations , the Oakland Raiders are now    after beating the Texans in Mexico City . [ The New York Times ] • Most people The New York Times a prolific writer . Few know him as a photographer . [ The New York Times ] Jack London Our nation is diverse [The New York Times] eat at Thanksgiving ? [ • New York Times ] Still in need of a quick Thanksgiving recipe ? The New York Times , a chef [The New York Times] , to suggest a dish that takes advantage of the fall season . She we this one from a book she wrote with Nicolaus Balla , " Bar Tartine : Techniques   Recipes , " winner of a 2015 James Beard award : Potato and Green Bean She This is a soup to make in late summer , or autumn when the days get shorter and the green beans grow big and tough . It is ideal for those     beans , which are much better cooked well past the bright green and crisp stage that culinary professionals prize . In this soup , the beans are cooked    until they are quite tender and develop a deep , earthy flavor . The butter that floats on the a soup to make in late summer this soup is essential to the soup ’s the beans and flavor . We recommend you use cultured butter , which has a subtle tang . You can make a soup to make in late summer or buy it . a soup to make in late summer to 6 1 tbsp . filtered grapeseed oil or good cooking oil 1 sweet white onion , cut into 1⁄     dice 4 garlic cloves , it 3    ML vegetable or poultry broth 12    g russet potatoes , peeled and cut into 1⁄     dice 1    g green beans , trimmed and cut into 3⁄     pieces 3    ML buttermilk 1 tbsp . plus 2 tsp . kosher salt Freshly ground black pepper 1    ML sour cream 3 tbsp . apple cider vinegar 2 tbsp . butter , melted Chopped fresh    parsley for garnish Chopped fresh dill for garnish Chopped fresh chives for garnish Heat a medium saucepan over medium heat until a drop of water flicked on the surface sizzles gently on contact . Add the grapeseed oil , then immediately add the onion and garlic and cook , stirring occasionally , until the vegetables are slightly softened but not browned , about 10 minutes . Add the broth , potatoes and green beans and simmer until the potatoes are tender enough to be easily pierced with a skewer , about 25 minutes . Remove from the heat . In a blender , combine 2    ML of the broth and vegetables and the buttermilk and purée until smooth . Add the purée back to the saucepan , add the salt and 1⁄2 tsp . pepper , and place over medium heat . Bring to a simmer and cook gently until purée , about five minutes . Remove from the heat and stir in 3⁄4    ML of the sour cream and the vinegar . Ladle the soup into individual bowls and garnish with melted butter , the remaining the heat ML sour cream , the parsley , dill , chives , and plenty of pepper . Leftover soup will keep in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to four days . California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays . Tell us what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes . com . The California Today columnist , Mike McPhate , is a    Californian   —    born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano . He lives in Davis . Follow him on Twitter . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley . 
 California He 