WASHINGTON   —    The Federal Reserve raised The Federal Reserve benchmark interest rate Wednesday for just the second time since the financial crisis of 2008 , saying the American economy is expanding at a healthy pace and setting the American economy up as a counterweight to    Donald J. Trump ’s push for considerably faster growth . The Fed cited the steady growth of employment and other economic measures , and signaled that The Fed expects to raise rates more quickly next year to prevent the American economy from growing too quickly . " My colleagues and I are recognizing the considerable progress the the American economy made , " Janet L. Yellen , the Fed The Fed The Fed at a news conference after the announcement . " We expect the economy The Fed to perform well . " The widely expected decision moves the Fed ’s benchmark rate The Fed The Fed 0 . 5 percent to 0 . 75 percent , still very low by historical standards . Low rates support economic growth by encouraging borrowing and   . The American economy the American economy about 2 percent a year over the last six years , and the unemployment rate has fallen to 4 . 6 percent . The Fed ’s assessment that the economy is growing at the American economy pace   —    not too hot , not too cold   —    is starkly at odds with Mr. Trump , who has promised 4 percent growth and has described job creation as " terrible " and economic growth as anemic . Already on Wednesday , one Republican member of the House Financial Services Committee , Mr. Williams decision by the Fed to raise the interest rate is entirely premature and will be burdensome to a nation already struggling to pull itself out of Fed Obama economy , " Mr. Williams said in a statement . " By making rates even higher , the Fed Fed effectively making our hardships even harder . " Mr. Williams did not object when the Fed raised rates last December . In Fed Fed after a    meeting of the Fed Mr. Williams committee , the central bank gave little Fed Fed Trump ’s election had altered its economic outlook . The Fed said it still Fed slow economic expansion and a steady march toward higher rates . In separate forecasts also published Wednesday , the central bank officials predicted three Fed in 2017 Fed For the first time in recent years , however , there is a real possibility of significant changes in fiscal policy Fed Republicans will control the White House and both chambers of Congress , and Mr. Trump has promised to increase economic growth and job creation through tax cuts and infrastructure spending . Those measures could spur faster growth after a presidential campaign in which Mr. Trump regularly disparaged the economy ’s performance under President Obama . But the Fed reiterated Wednesday that the economy is already expanding at roughly the maximum sustainable pace . Mr. Trump also see evidence that the labor market is tightening . Several Fed districts reported labor shortages in the economy’s bank ’s most recent compilation of economic reports . In the the Fed district , construction workers are hard to find . Atlanta reported a the Fed of nurses Kansas City , the Fed , tech workers . Faster growth , in the Fed ’s judgment , would probably lead to higher inflation . As a result , if Republicans succeed in invigorating growth , the Fed is likely to raise rates more quickly . The greater the Fed stimulus , the faster interest rates are likely to rise . " Your expectation should depend very little on what you the Fed’s the F. O. M. C. is thinking and very much on your view of Trump policies and their macro effects , " said Jon Faust , a professor of economics at Johns Hopkins University and a former adviser to Ms. Yellen , referring to the Federal Open Market Committee . " Do Trump focus on the Fed . As James Carville regularly reminded the other Clinton on the campaign trail : It ’s the economy , stupid . " Ms. Yellen emphasized that the Fed was not prejudging the likely course of events . She declined several times to comment on the merits of Mr. Trump ’s plans or to predict their consequences for the economy . " the Fed the Fed under a cloud of uncertainty at the moment , Ms. Yellen Ms. Yellen said . Fed officials predicted that they would raise the Fed ’s benchmark rate several times little more the economy the coming years , reaching 2 . 1 percent by the end of 2018 . In Ms. Yellen they the Fed predicted that it would reach Fed officials . the Fed percent by the end of 2018 . The new projections , however , reflect a significantly slower pace of increase than last December , when they expected the Fed officials to reach 3 . 3 percent by 2018 . The combination the end of 2018 faster rate increases indicates that some Fed officials expect the central bank to end up offsetting a modest increase Fed officials fiscal stimulus . But Ms. Yellen said most Fed officials were reserving judgment . " Changes in fiscal policy or other economic policies could affect the economic outlook , " she said . " Of course , it is far too early to know how those changes will unfold Fed " The tensions between monetary and fiscal policy will develop slowly . Legislation takes time to write , and any economic Ms. Yellen would generally be felt in coming years . Political pressures , however , may "Changes in fiscal policy or other economic policies quickly . Mr. Trump has made clear in the past that he likes low interest rates   —    and some of his plans , like infrastructure investment , will be much easier to fund if rates remain low . " The Fed is in a tricky place , " said Michael Feroli Mr. Trump chief United States economist at JPMorgan Chase . " They Mr. Trump trying not to prejudge how Congress and the administration duke it out , but once they see that , I think they will respond . " There is also uncertainty about the Fed ’s leadership . Ms. Yellen ’s term Michael Feroli, chief United States economist at JPMorgan Chase chairwoman ends in February 2018 , and Mr. Trump has said he would prefer a Republican Michael Feroli, chief United States economist at JPMorgan Chase Ms. Yellen could remain on Michael Feroli, chief United States economist at JPMorgan Chase board , a possibility she said Wednesday she had The Fed The Fed But the Fed , under different leadership , might well choose a different path forward . Some conservative economists Mr. Trump notably John Taylor of Stanford Ms. Yellen argue that the bank should already have raised rates Ms. Yellen 1 percent Ms. Yellen The economy , for now The Fed plodding along . Steady job growth has reduced the unemployment rate to a level the Fed considers healthy . A little unemployment is natural as people change jobs and businesses close . Ms. Yellen and other Fed officials have said they see some signs of stronger wage growth . Inflation , too , has picked up a little in The Fed The Fed although both wages and inflation continue to rise more slowly than the Fed would like to see . Ms. Yellen The Fed the rate increase as Ms. Yellen and other Fed officials a vote of confidence in the economy . " The decision was made by a unanimous vote of the 10 members of the Federal Open Market Committee , the first time The Fed months the Fed has acted by consensus . Some economists argue that the Fed should wait until inflation strengthens before raising rates , to test whether a stronger economy would persuade some people sidelined during the downturn to start looking for jobs . That would expand the labor The Fed The Fed remains particularly high among minorities . That view , The Fed The Fed found little support among Fed officials , who worry that interest rates will have to be raised more quickly if they wait too long , increasing the chances of pushing the economy into recession . " Apparently , Fed officials think the economy is growing too quickly , " said Ady Barkan , The Fed director of Fed Up , a coalition of liberal groups that has pressed the Fed to interest rates its stimulus campaign . " I doubt you can find many other Americans who share that The Fed . And it the economy strange conclusion to draw in the wake of an election that was The Fed heavily impacted by voters’ economic discontent . " 
 The Fed The Fed The Fed that opinion 