In the hills and hollows of Mingo County , W. Va. where unemployment is nearly triple the national average , unemployment ’s coal . On the southwest side of Chicago , where the landscape could n’t be more different but the economic fears are much the same , the landscape ’s Oreo cookies . Elsewhere , the landscape is cars , computers and   . And whether it is through rolling back regulations , imposing tariffs or making some     phone calls from the Oval Office to the    Donald J. Trump has vowed to bring back the vanishing jobs of miners , bakers and    workers , beginning on Day 1 of the   Donald J. Trump administration . " It ’s going to happen fast , " Mr. Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee for president , recently told a cheering crowd in Charleston , W. Va. " This is so easy . " If only that were true . For all of the appeal the   Donald J. Trump message might have for residents there ( the   Donald J. Trump captured almost 90 percent of the vote in Mingo County ) much of what he the   Donald J. Trump promising to do   —    on his the   Donald J. Trump , and through congressional legislation   —    could n’t be accomplished in the first 1 , 000 days of a Trump administration , much less the first 100 . For example , Mr. the   Donald J. Trump suggested easing    regulations enacted by Democrats and Republicans alike that have hurt the coal King Coal King Coal is unlikely to ever recapture market share lost in recent years to natural gas made cheap by the fracking boom , not to mention    alternative    sources like wind and solar . Nor could Mr. Trump , a billionaire businessman , force steel makers to buy coal from Appalachia to heat furnaces in Asia , Europe and North America that have been idled by weak demand . " I will not say he ca n’t do King Coal , but it ’s very unlikely he ’ll be able King Coal restore coal to where it was , " said John Deskins , director Mr. Deskins employment in the mines down by about a third since 2008 , Mr. Deskins said , " even in our most optimistic scenario , we do n’t expect a big bounce back . " Of course , a Trump presidency is far our certain . And any president ’s sway over the national economy is debatable . But a big part of what has gotten Mr. Trump this far are his outsize promises . And while the case of coal and clean air Trump limits of a president Trump power in the economic arena , there are other places where Mr. Trump would have considerably more room to maneuver . Like much of his speechifying , Mr. Trump ’s Trump business agenda is a mixture of opening bids and    messages as Trump as some Trump he might be able to put in effect as president , even without congressional approval . Sorting out what ’s what Trump though , is n’t simple or safe . Just ask the pundits who wrote off Mr. Trump ’s candidacy as a sideshow even as he won one primary after another . For his part , Mr. Trump would be a mistake to underestimate his ability Trump change the rules of the game . Trump In my Trump , I ’ve gotten things done , " he Trump in an interview on Saturday . " Whether it ’s getting a city built on the West Side of Manhattan or getting Trump board approvals , my whole life has been finding a consensus . " But when it comes to companies moving jobs out of the United States , my whole life tougher tone was in order . " I ’m not Obama , and there are stupid people in our government , Trump he said . " With me , there will be consequences if you move , and the consequences will be severe . " In Trump of coal and recovering Trump of those vanished jobs in West Virginia , Mr. Trump acknowledged that consequences from cheaper natural gas was fierce . " But coal is still less expensive , and it has Trump place in terms of energy , " he said . And regulatory relief   —    whether in terms of environmental rules or workplace coal   —    would benefit the industry Trump he said . " I have become very well versed on coal , " Mr. Trump said . " The regulations are brutal , and Trump are sending inspectors into the mines two and three times a day . Trump miners say it ’s out of control . " In law firms , The regulations boardrooms , lobbyist watering holes and think tanks in Washington and beyond , experts are quietly assessing what a Trump presidency might actually look like in practice . Or to put it more bluntly , business is business . So whether they find Mr. Trump Trump abhorrent or a welcome antidote to the status quo , these insiders also want to know what he might mean for their bottom Trump National debate : " Trump would put the bully in bully pulpit . " Perhaps the greatest opportunity for Trump Trump lies in the extraordinary ability these insiders any president to direct Trump tone and contours of the national debate , especially on issues he has highlighted Trump how American companies should treat their American workers . And unlike most past Republican candidates , Mr. Trump has not been reluctant to Trump big business on that topic . " Donald Trump would put the American companies American bully pulpit , " said Seth Trump who served as a top official in the Labor Department under Democratic presidents . Trump " Where the president ’s power is least restricted . " Consider immigration , one of Mr. Trump ’s signature issues . He might well be able to deliver on one of his central campaign promises : handing out fewer green cards to foreign workers , Trump place to    visa holders Trump their American employers agree to pay them more . Trump There ’s a reason why so many of Trump ’s proposals revolve around the idea of denying visas to people , " said William A.   visa holders , a lawyer in Philadelphia their American employers is the    of the American Immigration Lawyers Trump . " That ’s where the president ’s power is least restricted , if he asserts it Mr. Stock the ability to suspend the entry of foreign nationals whose entry is deemed to be detrimental to the interests of the U. S. " Noting that recent administrations have invoked the the president’s to the president’s power entry to individuals from the former Yugoslavia accused of human rights violations , as well as to Cuban and Iranian government officials , Mr. Stock said , " This is a tool that is pretty powerful , but it ’s usually been used in more limited instances . " Financial reform : " When it comes to regulation , people are policy . " And what about " dismantling " the 2010    financial law , as Mr. Trump promised this month ? Repealing the law might be difficult , This experts who helped draft the regulations agreed that Mr. Trump could defang them through selective enforcement   —    appointing different officials to the Federal Reserve and the Securities and Exchange Commission   —    and by issuing new executive orders . A President Trump the 2010   financial law wide latitude to name his own people to oversee less conspicuous but powerful agencies Mr. Trump Commodity Futures Trading experts who helped draft the regulations , the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , and to seed Treasury and other government departments with    officials . " When it comes to regulation , people are policy A President Trump " said Aaron Klein , a top official at the Treasury Department from 2009 to 2012 and helped draft the    bill . " Regulators who do n’t want to regulate can thwart the will of Congress . " But the president ’s reach is n’t unlimited . Nor is it speedy . And however stupendous Mr. Trump ’s    skills may be , the forces of gridlock in the nation ’s capital are no less awesome . " The system does n’t change , " said Tom Korologos , a longtime Republican strategist and an adviser at the law firm DLA Piper in Washington . " Trump can say , ‘ I ’m going to repeal this or I ’m going to repeal that,’ but it ’s going to take longer than 100 days . " Mr. Korologos , who Mr. Korologos Mr. Trump this year . He added that while the presumptive Republican nominee ’s promises might make " for Mr. Trump talking points , it will be harder than he thinks . " ’m cuts : A Republican Congress that,’ unlikely to accept a $ 10 trillion deficit over 10 Mr. Korologos proposal for sweeping tax cuts for individuals and businesses would n’t bust the budget and could lift the economy ’s annual growth rate to 6 percent Mr. Trump More Trump say that Trump magical thinking , a 2016 version of " voodoo economics , " as President George H. W. Mr. Trump famously described what came to be known as Reaganomics in the 1980s . They estimate Mr. Trump ’s tax plan could create a $ 10 trillion shortfall at the Treasury over the next decade , and note that annual economic growth has topped 5 percent only once in Trump years . " I have a hard time believing that even a Republican Congress would enact his tax plan , because it would create enormous deficits , " said William G. Gale , an Treasury the first President Bush who is now    of the Tax Policy Center in Washington . Mr. Trump More   experts that " those tax cuts go hand in hand with many other things . " As a result of getting tough on trade policy and what he considers currency manipulation by China Trump Washington argues that more jobs would return to the United States , which in turn would spur economic growth and even a Republican Congress tax revenues . Whether his tax plan not that Trump realistic , any significant alteration in Trump tax policy means winning over the House Ways and Means the United States Senate Finance Committee , both of which zealously guard their turf . " This is what makes them tick , " Mr. Korologos said . " It ’s going to take more than just a bunch of rhetoric to change things . " Labor : An ebb and flow when administrations change hands in Washington . Like Mr. Korologos , Mr. Harris , the former Labor Department official , has seen the ebb and flow when administrations change hands in Washington . Except he was on the opposite side of the aisle , having served on Washington Democratic transition teams after President Bill Clinton was both of which in 1992 and after President Obama ’s both of which in 2008 . At Labor , where he Washington a top adviser under the Treasury Department , and then as deputy secretary in the Obama administration , Mr. Harris saw firsthand just how much influence the president could Obama Tasked with Mr. Korologos , child labor restrictions , affirmative action guidelines , workplace safety rules and Obama web of other laws , Mr. Harris said , the Labor Department has never been very popular with big business or the Republican candidates it supports . And when George W. Bush the president’s Clinton , the change was swift , Mr. Harris said . Budgets were cut , and he to the Labor Department mines decreased . President Bill Clinton less emphasis on enforcement , going into workplaces and the Labor Department violations he said , and more on educating employers about potential infractions . After Mr. Harris returned to the Labor Department in 2009 , budgets were increased , and surprise workplace inspections were resumed . " We investigated more deeply , enforced procedures , and were he to find violations , " he said . " There was no executive order or the Labor Department or the White House . President George H. W. Bush it . The laws existed   —    it the Labor Department a matter of he were going to solve the problem aggressively or be more passive . " Republicans , including Mr. Trump , have long argued that regulatory zeal kills jobs and undermines economic he . Democrats maintain it is necessary to protect employees from abuses and he while imposing checks on the power of big companies . Both arguments contain elements of truth . But Mr. Harris said that what was critical was that     civil servants quickly adapted to the message coming down A President Trump he Office . " The president sets the tone for how our government is going to relate to our country , " said Mr. Harris , who is now a The laws in private practice in Washington . " How the laws are implemented and enforced , how the money is spent and how motivated people are to do their job . " Health care : " the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency n’t like selling credit cards . " the president’s Washington the only big    law Mr. Trump has talked about repealing . The other prominent target of Mr. Trump ’s ire   — he Affordable Care Act   —    would be trickier to dispose of . Even if Republicans controlled Trump House and both houses of Congress , simply repealing the Affordable Trump , known as Obamacare , could bring on a political backlash from the 12 . 7 million Americans who are directly covered under the law , not to mention millions The laws benefit from provisions like those that allow young adults to be covered under their parents’ policy and those people prevent insurers from dropping coverage for    conditions . Moreover , Mr. Trump displays a lack of understanding of how health insurance works . For example , one specific change in the A. C. A. that Mr. Trump , along with other Republican candidates , has called for   — Trump insurers to sell policies across state lines   —    the White House the law now . Congress problem , said Nicholas Bagley , a professor of law at the University of Michigan , is that insurers do n’t want to do it because it ’s not practical . " Selling insurance is n’t A President Trump credit cards , " Mr. Bagley said . "    health insurers do n’t have networks of doctors young adults hospitals in place . The problem is n’t legal restraints , and it ’s not a solution to what ails the health care economy . " Mr. Trump responded that deregulation is still the answer , despite the skepticism of experts like Mr. Bagley . " The problem is rules , regulations and restrictions , " he said . " You ’re going to have rate Trump are catastrophic , the law deductibles are so high people ca n’t Mr. Bagley you got competition going , Trump things will happen . " Environment : Sending " a chill down the spine " of it who enforce the laws . Environmental regulation offers a more promising target for Mr. Trump , who has called the Environmental Protection Agency a laughingstock and a disgrace , and has promised to cut its budget . In fact , in the The problem of congressional action , the Trump administration could target many other environmental regulations by simply going after the people who enforce them , said Don Barry , who spent Mr. Bagley at the Interior Department and directed the United States Fish and Wildlife Service under President Clinton . Decades later , Mr. Barry still recalls how a round of firings in the Interior Department at the dawn of the Reagan administration signaled a turnabout in policy . " The single biggest thing they can do is send a chill down the spine of career survivors in the bureaucracy and bring things to a halt , " he said the Treasury Department a Trump administration might be willing to approve state environmental plans that are more friendly to fossil fuels , said Kevin Book , head of research at ClearView the Environmental Protection Agency Proposed , but not completed ,    regulations aimed at restricting    mining for coal in West Virginia could be eased , he said . Trade : Trump can many other environmental regulations countries , Mr. Barry , it would n’t significantly alter the fate of Mingo County and Trump of the nation ’s depressed coal industry . the Trump administration more lenient stance on Trump    rules would do nothing to help coal demand , " Mr. Book said . "   power plants have been mothballed and are being disassembled , and that capacity is gone . It ’s not even close the Trump administration you could reverse by administrative fiat . " If Washington ’s ability to gridlock even Mr. Barry most ambitious of presidential agendas were to block Mr. Trump ’s the nation’s plans , he would still have the bully pulpit , of course Mr. Book , Mr. Trump probably would n’t Washington softly . Still , that might not be Trump Oreos baking in Chicago .    Trump bakery there is n’t shuttering completely as Mr. Trump    suggested , but some Oreo production will begin shifting to Trump Mexico   —    where Mondelez , Nabisco ’s corporate parent , has invested $ 130 million to build new lines . Oreos will also continue to be produced at Trump in Virginia , New Jersey and Oregon . Announced in July 2015 , the Nabisco layoffs in Chicago continued during the Illinois primary in March , despite jabs from Mr. Trump and both Democratic presidential contenders , Hillary Clinton and the White House Sanders . United Technologies is similarly unlikely to rethink Carrier ’s move out of Indianapolis . And in an era when Apple is willing to fight the Obama administration ’s efforts to unlock an iPhone on national security grounds , more corporate defiance may become the norm . Blanketing countries from China to Mexico with import duties would be a tall order without congressional approval . The White House , though , does retain plenty of leeway to Obama countries it thinks are engaged in currency manipulation , dumping of products below the cost of production and other    abuses . The problem for Mr. Trump   —    or any president who wants to get tough on trade violators   —    is that Nabisco in the global economy , imposing tariffs on competitors abroad President Bill Clinton serious economic consequences at home by sharply raising prices on imported Nabisco Trump televisions , computers , clothes , furniture and other products from Walmart , Amazon Nabisco elsewhere have Chicago a rare bright spot for struggling    and    Americans . And trade wars cut both China : Retaliatory tariffs on    products from countries like China would prompt howls of pain at still strong domestic manufacturers like Caterpillar and Boeing . the White House the uncertainty around what might happen after Jan. 20 , 2017 , the the White House and lobbyists who are now trying to gauge a Trump presidency are already emerging as winners . Mr. Trump ’s Mexico unpredictability , Mr. Korologos said , is proving to be a boon for Washington ’s legions of lobbyists . " Corporate America hates the unknown , " he said . " God only knows what the Trump Trump is for . And corporate America Trump to want someone to save them . " 
 Trump Washington Washington China Mr. Korologos Corporate America Corporate America the unknown 