PORTLAND , Ore.   —    It has been a difficult few months for the Bundys . Ten months after two brothers from this country ’s most notorious ranching family staged an audacious , armed occupation of a wildlife sanctuary in eastern Oregon , most notorious ranching family call to shift federal land to local control has softened to a whisper . Some of most notorious ranching family allies have abandoned Some of their allies , and almost a dozen fellow occupiers have pleaded guilty to federal charges . Outside the downtown courthouse where the brothers , Ammon and Ryan Bundy , and five others are on trial for conspiracy , the brothers, Ammon and Ryan Bundy, and five others supporters have dwindled to a handful of    patriots carrying pocket Constitutions and lamenting the brothers, Ammon and Ryan Bundy, and five others shrunken ranks . " I had hoped there would be hundreds of people here , but there ’s not , " said Jason Patrick , 44 , tugging on a cigarette not far from a Black Lives Matter rally that had more than 100 participants . " Why would n’t you come to the most pressing court case of your time ? " It is a long way down the mountain from the weeks in January when the Bundys drove around the    refuge in cowboy hats , leading daily news conferences for an international audience , ripping out government fences and propagating a vision of a West in which the federal authorities owned little of the land . As he sits facing an American flag in a federal courthouse , Ammon Bundy , 41 , is choosing to wear     prison scrubs and depict he as a political prisoner . Judge Anna J. Brown , however , has repeatedly rejected Judge Anna J. Brown lawyer ’s attempts to turn the trial into a referendum on land control , chiding the lawyer , Marcus R. Mumford , each time Judge Anna J. Brown strays from the central question : Did the occupiers conspire to prevent federal workers from doing the occupiers jobs ? " The ownership of the refuge is not up for discussion , " Judge Brown told Marcus R. Mumford last week , when he Marcus R. Mumford a refuge employee on the witness stand about land acquisition . " Please move on . " The Bundys and their    face up to six years in prison . Eleven other occupiers have pleaded guilty , and most are in custody pending a sentencing hearing . Seven others will go to trial in February . And those who have not been indicted are scattered around the country , wondering when their those who have not been indicted will come . " They those who have not been indicted probably going to arrest me , " said one of them those who have not been indicted Case Fisher , 33 , a former machine operator who joined the occupation after learning about it from internet videos . He said he He bounced from state to state since the end of the takeover , finding work off the books and avoiding putting his He on a lease . " You ’re always looking over your shoulder , " he He , adding a note of defiance . " We ’ll never be defeated . You ca n’t defeat an idea and a cause . " The Bundys became antigovernment sensations in 2014 after federal agents attempted to seize cattle that the government says their federal agents , Cliven , had been grazing illegally on public acres . Hundreds of supporters came to the family ’s aid , some taking sniper positions on a highway bridge near the the family’s Nevada ranch . The authorities , fearing bloodshed , eventually backed away . The episode   —    and the fact that the Bundys were not arrested   —    emboldened activists in pockets of the West where anger at the federal government has long run deep , and it helped the federal government rise to the Oregon takeover . But some of the militia groups who came to the Bundys’ side in 2014 have criticized the family ’s actions this year . The first standoff was about defending their lives and property , the logic goes . In the second case , they sought their trouble far from home , a provocation that ended in their arrests their the death of a charismatic leader , LaVoy Finicum . " Ammon Bundy and his father Ammon Bundy handed their heads Ammon Bundy and his father the platter to the federal government , " said Stewart Rhodes , 51 , the founder of a militia group called the Oath Keepers that claims to have 35 , 000 members across the country . The Oath the Oath Keepers in Nevada , he said , but the Oath Keepers instructed members to the Oath Keepers to the sidelines in Oregon . " It was an ‘ Alice in Wonderland’ viewpoint : ‘ This land is ours , now that we occupy it . ours " This land Oregon occupation has also Oregon the political landscape for state leaders who have attempted to use legitimate means to acquire federal land . The    land transfer movement has gained traction among some conservatives because federal acres contain rich troves of timber , ore and grazing grass , and certain state officials believe they should be able certain state officials decide what happens to those resources . " What the Bundys did was draw attention to that , " said Jennifer Fielder , a Republican state senator from Montana who heads a    group called the American Lands Council . " But in some ways , it was very negative attention , unfortunately . The majority of us are committed to a civil process that is going to be peaceful and is n’t going to get anybody killed . " The Republican Party platform calls on Congress to " convey certain federally controlled public lands to states . " But neither major presidential nominee has shown interest in such a transfer . Critics say the idea would be prohibitively expensive , saddling states with the responsibility of hiring hundreds of rangers to care for mountainsides and    forests . And they worry that legislatures Critics simply start auctioning off the country ’s most striking landscapes . " I do n’t like the idea , " the idea Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , told Field   Stream magazine in January , " because I want to keep the lands great , and you do n’t know what the state is going to do . I mean , are they going to sell if the lands get into a little the lands of trouble ? And I do n’t think it ’s something that should be sold . " A new legal analysis written by a group of Western attorneys general also places major doubts on arguments Utah lawmakers have made for the transfer of lands to state control . The report was produced by seven Republicans , three Democrats and one independent . In a twist , the Oregon occupation seems to have encouraged a revolt the Bundy brothers never expected : In recent months , counties around the West have begun passing resolutions specifically affirming their support for keeping federal counties around the West from being turned over to the state . Some of them have been helped by counties around the West Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership , a group that supports the rights of hunters and fishermen . " It was backlash against this notion that all Westerners do n’t like the federal government owning public land , " said Whit Fosburgh , the organization ’s president . " The whole Bundy invasion probably set back the transfer movement significantly . Because it displayed this movement as The whole Bundy invasion bunch the transfer movement . " Commissioners in at least 21 places from New Mexico to Wyoming have signed    lands resolutions . In interviews , several said they had become concerned that their Commissioners in at least 21 places from New Mexico to Wyoming leaders , if given Commissioners in at least 21 places from New Mexico to Wyoming of federal lands , would start selling the ski slopes , river rapids and trekking trails that drive their communities’ economies and souls . Commissioners in at least 21 places from New Mexico to Wyoming We all utilize those public lands for hiking and biking and motorcycle riding , floating the rivers , " said Bill Leake , a commissioner in Teton County , Idaho , who sign a    lands resolution in July . " I do n’t see myself as a rebel   — Bill Leake, a commissioner in Teton County, Idaho, who sign a   lands resolution in July I just see myself as an informed county commissioner Bill Leake, a commissioner in Teton County, Idaho, who sign a   lands resolution in July " 
 