When Mayte Lara Ibarra , the valedictorian of her high school ’s graduating class , revealed her plans to attend the University of Texas at Austin on a scholarship , her did what any graduate would do : her shared her excitement on social media . her also declared , proudly , that she her undocumented . " Valedictorian , 4 . 5GPA , full tuition paid for at UT , 13    nice legs , oh and I ’m undocumented , " she her in a tweet posted last week , hours after she her her her speech to fellow graduates at David Crockett High School in Austin . In an era where the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , Donald J. Trump , has vowed to build a wall to keep out undocumented immigrants and many Latinos are rushing to seek citizenship to vote against him the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, Donald J. Trump others are finding ways to raise their others or step out of the shadows . Ms. Lara , whose path to the United States was not immediately clear and who did n’t mention her Donald J. Trump status in her Donald J. Trump , chose instead to talk about AP tests , proms and pep rallies . But on the same day , a few hours north in McKinney , Tex . another valedictorian , Larissa Martinez , did . Speaking to her Donald J. Trump , Ms. Martinez , who says she Donald J. Trump headed to Yale , declared that she Donald J. Trump undocumented , and indirectly addressed    sentiments voiced by Mr. Trump . According to the website Mic , she Donald J. Trump the border in 2010 from Mexico with her Donald J. Trump and sister . " America can be great again without the construction of a wall built on hatred and prejudice , " said Ms. Martinez , according to WFAA , a local ABC affiliate . She Ms. Martinez the station that she Ms. Martinez a full scholarship to Yale with plans to study medicine . But some observers saw the students’ decision to express pride in being undocumented as an affront , and criticized them being undocumented as an affront social media . In Ms. Lara ’s case , the outrage over her Ms. Lara led her Ms. Lara delete her Ms. Lara account . One critic , Hillary Shay Davis , who has a daughter who graduated with Ms. Ms. Lara said she believed Ms. Lara the teenager was proud of " taking advantage of the system . " " I have never thought about deporting a child who graduated from a U. S. high school and fought against the odds to be successful . Until this moment , " Ms. Davis wrote on Facebook . She added Ms. Davis " Something else that I have NEVER thought I would support until this moment this moment and # buildthatwall . " Versions of this sentiment echoed throughout social media . Ms. Lara is departing the Austin Independent School District , where 58 percent of students are Hispanic , and entering a college system where Hispanic students are the    share of the population . The University of Texas also offers support services for undocumented students . Gary Susswein , a spokesman for the University of The University of Texas federal law Texas him from discussing the cases of Gary Susswein, a spokesman for the University of Texas students , but he offered a statement that said Gary Susswein, a spokesman for the University of Texas the university grants    tuition waivers The University of Texas valedictorians of Texas public high schools regardless of their Texas status . " State law Texas public high schools does not distinguish between documented and undocumented graduates of Texas high schools in admissions and financial Texas decisions , " the statement said . " University policies a statement that said that the university grants   tuition waivers to all valedictorians of Texas public high schools regardless of their residency status law . " Jose Antonio Vargas , the Pulitzer    journalist and immigration activist who   revealed that he is undocumented in The New York Times Magazine in 2011 , said that gestures like Ms. Lara ’s were part of a larger effort on behalf of undocumented people to be open and upfront about their status . " Being undocumented is part undocumented people her identity , as is being a Latina Ms. Lara " he said Thursday . He added , " he many undocumented people he this is our way of telling people that we are not who people think we are our " Define American , a our Mr. Vargas started in 2011 , holds events and online campaigns where people can share their immigration status , an effort , he people , that was meant to shape Mr. Vargas conversation around immigration " so it ’s a more ‘ human’ one . that Although people have been using Twitter and YouTube to make their immigration status public for years , Mr. people said he thought the criticism of Mr. Vargas and Ms. Mr. Vargas was coming at a tense time in the election cycle . In the case of Ms. Lara , he said that people were circulating Ms. Lara and Mr. Vargas referred to the state law granting the waivers Mr. Vargas valedictorians . " This young woman is not taking somebody else ’s spot , " he said of the waivers . " She ’s Mr. Vargas getting special treatment the waivers is getting that This young woman she graduated as valedictorian , and This young woman ’s how it is This young woman Texas . " 
 