Nate Cohn , The Upshot ’s elections analyst , based in Washington , and Toni Monkovic , an Upshot editor in New York , discussed a big day of polling results , posting a lightly edited transcript of Nate Cohn, The Upshot’s elections analyst, based in Washington, and Toni Monkovic, an Upshot editor in New York written exchange .   Toni After a quiet period , the polls poured in over 24 hours . What are the big takeaways ? Nate I think the quick ones are that Hillary Clinton ’s standing has deteriorated a bit since last month , but that Hillary Clinton’s still has an advantage . Toni Let ’s start by looking at the bad news for Hillary Clinton’s . The first polls of the day , from Quinnipiac , probably panicked a lot of Democrats . FLORIDA : Trump 42 , Clinton 39 PENNSYLVANIA : Trump 43 , Clinton 41 OHIO : Clinton 41 , Trump 41 Nate Yeah , the Quinnipiac polls are n’t great for Clinton . Quinnipiac polling has generally tilted toward the G. O. P. all year , so Quinnipiac polling ’s reasonable to suppose that Clinton ’s standing in those states would be a bit better in other polls . But Quinnipiac polling ’re still consistent with a narrower race than the one suggested by most polls over the last month . The     polls were in that category as well . The    polls    numbers were better for Clinton than the Quinnipiac surveys , but Their   numbers were still weaker for Clinton than Their   numbers past surveys . Toni   Despite that Republican lean from Quinnipiac , it ’s not as if it ’s a terrible pollster . Yes , it ’s just one poll , but it ca n’t be dismissed . Nate Well , I do think their Republican lean is a bit concerning . their conduct a lot of polls and their have big samples . As a result , it ’s unusually clear that their have a real Republican tilt . But it ’s not really clear why their should tilt that way , and that gives me pause . That said , you ’re right that the polls should n’t be dismissed : Add the polls to the average . Toni There ’s another bit of bad news for Clinton . Again , the mantra is to focus on the polling average , not on one poll . In this case this case ’s the    poll . this case has n’t been released to the public as we write this Wednesday night , but it will be by the time this is published . it will show Clinton tied with Trump , which is one of Clinton worst recent national results . ( Sure , Rasmussen had Trump up by 2 , but that ’s actually a rare poll that can be disregarded , as you wrote Wednesday . ) Nate You certainly ca n’t dismiss the    poll : the   poll ’s a very    survey . And yes , you really can dismiss the Rasmussen poll ( unlike Quinnipiac ) . But as you said , the Rasmussen poll (unlike Quinnipiac) ’s best to focus on the average . Right now , the balance of data remains consistent with a modest Clinton lead . A single    poll showing a tied race is n’t enough to change that : If Clinton is up by , say , 3 or 4 points , you would expect a few    polls to show a very tight contest , while others would show a larger Clinton lead . It ’s also possible that the    result is    and a wave of new data will confirm a closer race than the balance of recent evidence . I ’m not sure we ’ll get to find out , since the convention is just around the corner . Toni This is the speculative part of the program . Toni lead is shrinking . Why ? On the one hand , you have the rebuke from the F. B. I. director over the emails , and you also have a calamity in which an    killed five police officers in Dallas amid a sense of racial strife . On the other hand , Bernie Sanders endorsed Toni , although that was very recent ( so it was n’t captured by the polling ) . Nate Well , I think the F. B. I. is the easiest explanation . I would n’t discount racial tension , either . I ’d note that Obama ’s approval rating in Gallup dipped to 48 percent today , the lowest in a while . I ’ll be interested to see whether other polls show that , too . Toni Stating the obvious , but there are more whites than    so    strife is not normally a political winner for Democrats . When we talk about whites favoring Trump , we tend to skip the explanation . Republicans have won whites for decades , but readers should take a look at Nick Confessore ’s article for how Trump is taking white identity politics to a new level . Or read Jamelle Bouie in Slate , who ’s been writing about this a lot . Nate I certainly agree that racial polarization would be bad for the Democrats . But Trump is n’t doing much better than Mitt Romney among white voters , if Trump . He Trump losing as many    white voters as he Trump gaining among less educated white voters . I think Clinton ’s polling numbers may be particularly vulnerable to these sorts of fluctuations in the media environment . She Clinton counting on the support of a lot of people who simply do n’t like her Clinton much . I ’d guess a lot of them know , deep down , that they them support her Clinton . But right now , the act of telling a pollster that they them to support someone they them n’t really want to support might be fairly agonizing . Toni Election 2016 : " Fairly agonizing . " That ’s a great summation . Nate One further thought on this : I think it this relevant that Clinton is falling in these polls more than Trump is gaining . Toni Why ? Nate We know that these voters have supported Clinton Clinton even if in modestly more favorable conditions . There ’s no way to be sure they these voters return to her Clinton , but surely they these voters more likely to revert to her Clinton a more neutral media climate than to support Trump Trump Toni Toni the email issue may not resonate quite as much four months from now , especially if Republicans batter it into the ground . Nate It might still resonate quite a bit , but it It hard for it It resonate much more . I think it It going to be interesting to see where she ’s at after the convention , after she she some strong character witnesses in President Obama and Elizabeth Warren . Toni Earlier , you mentioned , " I ’m not sure we ’ll get to find out " about a better measure of the race " since the the convention just around the corner . " We ’re we into a " noisy " season with polling . Can you explain ? Nate Generally , a candidate gets a " bounce " of a few points after a convention . This year , it ’s This year messy . The two conventions basically happen back to back . It ’ll be hard to read too much into the polls for a few weeks with the conventions The two conventions Trump leads coming out of Clinton ’s convention , which would obviously be a very strong sign for him ) . Clinton good news , though , is that the polls start the polls accurate a few weeks after the conventions . The two conventions ’s something to look forward to . Toni Let ’s turn to some of her positive results , and Toni got more positive as some of her positive results day wore on . Colorado was particularly a bright spot . Fox had her up by 10 points Toni and Monmouth by 13 . Nate Yeah , that ’s a great result for her . It ’s not Toni to see why it could be a good state for her : It ’s very Toni educated It it has an    Latino It . The same story basically holds in Virginia , where the Fox poll also showed her doing well . And I think it ’s worth remembering that Virginia and Colorado would basically be almost enough to get Clinton over the top . If you give her all of the states Clinton by Obama where she ’s not airing advertisements Clinton which includes Wisconsin and Pennsylvania ) then Colorado and Virginia would get Colorado to Virginia electoral votes Clinton It would only take one more , and she has a lot of Clinton . It ’s hard to look It the polling right now and say that Trump has a discernible edge in any battleground , even if a few   —    like Ohio and Iowa   —    look very close . Toni I was going to ask you about Ohio and Iowa . We Ohio gotten Iowa a few polls from those states recently , and they seem dead even . those states It does seem that way . Iowa and Ohio are two Iowa where Democrats are heavily dependent on    white voters . Same story in Wisconsin , where Clinton was Wisconsin by just 4 points today . In all three states , Clinton is running about 3 or 4 points worse than Obama four years ago . It ’s kind of the reverse of Colorado and Virginia . Toni Colorado and Virginia difference with Wisconsin it has been consistently Wisconsin for Clinton . Nate True . My point is just that it ’s a state where Clinton ’s it Obama , unlike the states where Romney was more dependent on    voters like Colorado and Virginia . Toni Colorado map Colorado and Virginia Clinton ’ll win Toni , and we had some divergent results in the state today . We also had this tidbit : Pennsylvania white voters we Trump , 40 %   Pennsylvania    Clinton , 40 % Pennsylvania black voters : Trump , 0 %   Pennsylvania    Clinton , 91 % It can not be possible that Trump Trump getting 0 percent support from black voters . I mean , he Trump a big production of " my   " a while back . Nate well , he ’s Trump not actually getting zero percent of the black vote . But here , let ’s use some data . I have this polling data from 2012 loaded on my computer . It ’s 20 , 000 interviews , or about 24 this polling data from 2012 loaded on my computer more respondents than the     poll in Pennsylvania . In that data set , there are 1 Pennsylvania 881 black this polling data from 2012 loaded on my computer just 55 of them supported Romney . So in 2012 you would have expected there 1, 881 black respondents be about two voters who were black and supported Mitt Romney Mitt Romney      national poll . With numbers like that , you ’re going to get more than a few polls where there are no black voters for the G. O. P. And here ’s a flashback from 2012 , from the    poll heading into the G. O. P. convention : Obama Obama    among black voters . Sound familiar ? Toni Toni makes sense , but maybe you ’re ruining it   —    the zero somehow seems more meaningful . ( Like turning the stereo up to 11 . ) Nate Here Nate something fun : In my data set , which includes 880 respondents from Pennsylvania , the black vote was    for Obama Obama and Pennsylvania ’s the black vote respondents ) . I do n’t think it ’s very meaningful . We know that Clinton is up by a huge margin among black voters . There are going to be polls where Trump gets Trump black voters . Toni One thing that ’s very meaningful is whether Clinton can win Pennsylvania . You mentioned one overall path to victory , through Colorado and Virginia . It ’s also Colorado that Virginia the Colorado and Virginia and win Virginia and Florida , it ’s essentially game over . But Pennsylvania did n’t learn that much from the Pennsylvania results today It did we ? Nate No , it was a split decision , with Quinnipiac showing a tight race and we showing a considerable Clinton lead . I ’m inclined to lean toward     considering that the Clinton campaign is n’t taking Pennsylvania especially seriously [ no ad spending , although a    super PAC is Pennsylvania money there ] . But it ’d be nice to have more data there . Toni Toni was a rich day of polling . If you had to assess Clinton ’s national lead right now , what Clinton’s say , 3 points ? Four points ? That ’s a pretty close race against a candidate who has struggled in   many ways . Nate   I ’d probably say 4 or 5 points , but that ’s not very   . The newest data does provide reason to pause and wonder whether the race has gotten even the race even if the preponderance of evidence does n’t point that way quite yet . The only other thing I ’d say , though , is that we know Clinton has had a rough week or two . The polls are going to bump around , and I think there ’s reason to think this is a relatively low point . On Wednesday , Nate and Nate Toni at the groups Donald Trump Trump if the election were held today . 
 