WASHINGTON   —    America , and the world , just found out what " America First " means . President Trump could have used President Trump inaugural address to define one of the touchstone phrases of President Trump campaign in the most inclusive way , arguing , as did many of President Trump predecessors , that as the world ’s greatest superpower rises , its the world’s will also prosper . Instead , he President Trump a dark ,    alternative , one that appeared to herald the end of a    American experiment to shape a world that would be eager to follow its lead . In Mr. Trump ’s vision , America ’s new strategy is to win every transaction and confrontation . Gone are the days , he Mr. Trump’s , when America America its America umbrella without compensation , or spent billions to try to lift the fortune of foreign nations , with no     strategic benefits for the America " From this day forward , it ’s going to be only America first America he Mr. Trump’s , in a line that resonated around the world as soon as he Mr. Trump’s it from the steps of the Capitol . " We must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products , stealing our companies and destroying our jobs . " our United States , he Mr. Trump’s , will no longer subsidize " the armies of other countries while allowing for the very sad depletion of our military . " While all American presidents pledge to defend America ’s interests first The United States —    that is the core of the presidential oath   —    presidents of both parties since the end of World War II have wrapped that effort in an expansion of the liberal democratic order . Until today , American policy has been a complete rejection of the America First rallying cry that the famed flier Charles Lindbergh championed when , in the late 1930s , Mr. Trump of the famed flier Charles Lindbergh most prominent voices to keep the United States out of Europe ’s wars , even if it meant abandoning the country ’s closest American Mr. Trump has rejected comparisons with the earlier movement , with its taint of Nazism and   . it World War II , the United States buried the Lindbergh vision the United States . The United Nations was born in San Francisco and raised on the East River of Manhattan , an ambitious , if still unfulfilled , experiment in shaping a liberal order . Lifting the vanquished nations of World War II into democratic allies was the idea World War II Plan , the creation of the World Bank and institutions to spread American aid , technology and expertise around the world . And NATO was created to instill a commitment to common defense , though Mr. Trump has accurately observed that nearly seven decades later , many of its member nations do not pull their weight . Mr. Trump NATO defiant address made abundantly clear that his threat Mr. Trump out of those institutions , if they continue Mr. Trump take advantage of the United States’ willingness to subsidize those institutions , could soon be translated into policy . All those decades those institutions generosity , he said , punching the air for emphasis , had turned America Mr. Trump a loser . " We ’ve made other countries rich , " he said , " America the wealth , strength and confidence of Mr. Trump country has disappeared over the horizon . " The American middle America suffered the most , he said , finding its slice of the American dream " redistributed Mr. Trump the entire world . The American middle class To those who helped build that global order , Mr. Trump ’s vow was at best shortsighted . " Truman and Acheson , and everyone who followed , based our policy on a ‘ ’ not an ‘ ’ basis , " said Richard N. Haass , whose new book , " A World in Disarray , " argues that a more granular ,    view of American interests will ultimately fail . " A narrow America First posture will prompt other countries to pursue an equally narrow , independent foreign policy , " he said after Mr. Trump ’s speech , " which will diminish U. S. influence and detract from global prosperity . " To Mr. Trump and his supporters , it is just that view that put America on the he slope to obsolescence . As a builder of buildings America Mr. Trump ’s return on investment has been easily measurable . So it Mr. Trump’s that he would grade America ’s performance on a scorecard in which he totals up Mr. Trump’s and America . Curiously , among the skeptics are his Mr. Trump’s appointees . His nominee for defense secretary , Gen. James N. Mattis Mr. Trump’s strongly defended the Mr. Trump’s of NATO during his confirmation hearing . Both Rex W. Tillerson , the nominee for secretary of Mr. Trump’s , and Nikki R. Haley , the choice for ambassador to the United Nations , offered up paeans to the need for robust American alliances , though Mr. Tillerson periodically tacked back to concepts echoing Mr. Trump ’s . And there Rex W. Tillerson question about whether the exact meaning of America First will continue to evolve in Mr. Trump ’s mind . He first talked about it in a March interview with Mr. Trump Times , when asked Mr. Trump that phrase was a good summation of his    views . He thought for a moment . Then he agreed with this reporter ’s Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump message that the world had been Mr. Trump freeloading off of us for many years Mr. Trump he fundamentally mistrusted many foreigners , both adversaries and some allies . " Correct , " he responded . Mr. Trump he added , in his staccato style : " Not isolationist . I ’m not Mr. Trump , but I Mr. Trump ‘ America First.’ Mr. Trump I like the expression . " He soon began using it at almost every rally . In another interview with The Times , on the Mr. Trump of the Republican the expression Convention , he offered a refinement . He said he did not mean for the slogan to be taken the way Mr. Trump meant it . " Mr. Trump was Mr. Trump as a    very modern term , " he said . " Meaning the slogan are going the slogan take care of this country first before we worry about Mr. Trump else in the world . " As Walter Russell Mead , a professor at Bard we and a scholar at the conservative Hudson Institute , put it the other day , " The fact that he does n’t have a grounding in the prior use of the term is liberating . " " If you said to the average American voter , ‘ Do you think it ’s the job of the president to put America first,’ they say , ‘ Yes , that ’s the job . ’ " But Mr. Mead said that formulation the average American voter the reality that " sometimes to achieve the job of the president , you have to work cooperatively with other countries . " And any such acknowledgment was missing from Mr. Trump ’s speech on Friday . Mr. Trump cast America ’s new role in the world as one of an aggrieved superpower , not a power Mr. Trump’s changing the globe . There was no condemnation of authoritarianism or fascism , no clarion call to defend human rights around the world   —    one of the commitments that John F. Kennedy made in his famed address , delivered 56 years ago to the day , to protect human rights " at home and around John F. Kennedy world . " That was , of course , the prelude to Kennedy ’s most famous line : that America the world bear any burden , meet any hardship , support any friend , John F. Kennedy foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty . " But the America that elected Mr. Trump had concluded that it was no longer willing to bear that burden   —    or even to America the spread of democracy the mission of the nation , as George W. Bush , who was sitting behind Mr. Trump , vowed 12 years ago . Mr. Trump views America as a fine import for those who like it . " We do not seek to impose our way the America that elected Mr. Trump on anyone , " he said , " but rather to let American democracy shine as an example for everyone to follow We " 
 the America that elected Mr. Trump 