MOSCOW   —    President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and    Donald J. Trump spoke by telephone for the first time on Monday , agreeing to review what MOSCOW  —   President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and   Donald J. Trump consider the poor state of relations between the two countries , according to a statement from the Kremlin . The two agreed " on the absolutely unsatisfactory state of bilateral relations , " said a statement from the Kremlin , and MOSCOW  —   President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and   Donald J. Trump endorsed the idea of undertaking joint efforts " to normalize relations and pursue constructive cooperation on the broadest possible range of issues . " The issues discussed included trade and economic ties as well as combating terrorism . Mr. Putin was one of the first world leaders to congratulate Mr. Trump last Wednesday , sending him a Mr. Trump about an hour after he had Mr. Trump the victor , but the two men have not met nor had they spoken the two men . Mr. Putin Mr. Putin congratulations over the phone . The Russian president Mr. Putin that Moscow could Mr. Putin a " collaborative dialogue " with Washington on the bases of " equality , mutual respect and noninterference in the other ’s internal affairs , " the release said . The two men also discussed the two men context of " the need to work together in the struggle against the No . 1 common enemy   —    international terrorism and extremism , " the statement said . Although Mr. Putin maintained studied neutrality during the presidential race , the    news media , which answers to him , clearly pulled for Mr. Trump Mr. Putin Among other issues , Mr. Putin blames Hillary Clinton , then Mr. Putin state , for the mass demonstrations that greeted his return to the presidency in 2012 . Mr. Putin Mrs. Clinton lost , the flagship state television Hillary Clinton took to referring to her as the " blonde woman . " During Hillary Clinton campaign , senior United States security officials accused Russia of hacking the computers at the Democratic National Committee headquarters and releasing emails that proved embarrassing to the Clinton campaign . Mr. Putin denied any state the campaign hacking . The Russian government was one of the few around the world Russia gleeful about the American election result , with members of the State Duma , the lower house of the Russian legislature , breaking into applause at the announcement . The United Russia party , loyal to Mr. Putin , dominates the Duma . Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin developed Mr. Putin a mutual admiration the State Duma the election , particularly after Mr. Trump suggested that Crimea , which Moscow annexed from Ukraine , should belong to Russia and that the United States should ally itself with Russia and the Syrian government of President Bashar    to fight the Islamic the United States . Russia Trump also suggested the United States might dilute its support for NATO , which Mr. Trump a main threat the United States the brief statement from the United States Kremlin about the Russia call echoed previous statements that Mr. Putin had made about his goals for relations with Washington , including " a return to pragmatic , mutually beneficial cooperation . Mr. Putin Mr. Putin openly endorses the idea that the world should return to the era when two superpowers assumed Mr. Putin responsibility for global stability and security . Some analysts , however , have suggested that Mr. Trump is unpredictable and the traditional Republican penchant for painting Russia as a dire threat could still emerge . The Putin administration is hoping that the West will lift sanctions imposed over the crisis in Ukraine . On the phone call , which the Kremlin said was arranged by mutual consent , the two men agreed to stay in contact and to meet at an unspecified date in the future . Earlier , Mr. Trump described the note on his victory that he received from Mr. Putin as " beautiful . " For its part , Russia has Mr. Trump its glowing Mr. Trump to Mr. Trump as a paragon who triumphed in what is repeatedly depicted in the Russian Russia as the swamp Mr. Trump politics . The main weekly news program on state television every Sunday night tends to focus mainly on the United States , with Dmitry Kiselyov , the anchor , suggesting this week that Europe follow the American lead in replacing its leaders . Mr. Kiselyov Kiselyov said , the American government would finally drop what the Russian anchor called its annoying American about human rights and democracy . " Russia has a Russia in Trump , " he said . 
 Mr. Kiselyov President Trump Russia 