Dueling court rulings left the fate of a presidential vote recount in Michigan uncertain on Tuesday night , and elections officials in Michigan said they elections officials in the state " seeking clarity about the next steps . " A recount of last month ’s election had already begun in parts of Michigan Michigan one of three closely contested states where Jill Stein , the Green Party ’s presidential nominee , had called for new counts , when the seemingly conflicting legal decisions emerged late Tuesday from state and federal courts in Michigan Michigan Ms. Stein has cited concerns about computer hacking and the reliability of voting machines , setting off legal fights with lawyers for    Donald J. Trump , his campaign and his his , who view the recounts as a needless and expensive tactic . A panel of the Michigan Court of Appeals found that Ms. Stein , who finished a distant fourth to Mr. Trump in the election , had not met the state ’s requirements for a recount because she a recount no chance of winning . The A panel of the Michigan Court of Appeals that the Michigan Board of State Canvassers ought not to have permitted a recount to go forward because Ms. Stein , given the size of the vote for her , a recount not be deemed " aggrieved , " as required for a recount under state election law . Yet in a separate decision , also announced late Tuesday , a federal The United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit requests from the state ’s Republican Party and from Bill Schuette , the state ’s attorney general , to block a federal court ruling that had cleared the way for the recount a recount under state election law more swiftly than expected . The United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit found that Mark A. Goldsmith , a Federal District Court judge , had not violated his discretion when he ordered the Mark A. Goldsmith, a Federal District Court judge to a recount under state election law Mark A. Goldsmith, a Federal District Court judge Monday in order to get it done by Electoral a recount under state election law deadlines in   . Even as the recount has proceeded a recount under state election law halls and fairgrounds around the state , the legal fight has been fierce . By late Tuesday , even some officials leading the    recounts seemed puzzled about what the latest court rulings would mean for counting the rest of the ballots . In at least one county , Ingham , Barb Byrum , the county clerk , said her workers were finished with their count . Ingham Pennsylvania , another of her workers states where Ms. Stein has pressed for a recount , lawyers for Ms. Stein went to federal court on Monday Ms. Stein a judge to order a recount on constitutional grounds . Republicans are countering the petition , and a decision is pending . And in Wisconsin , a recount was in its sixth day and proceeding as scheduled , with a recount change in the statewide results as they were reported on election night . A lawsuit seeking to halt the recount , filed late last week by two a recount PACs " supporting Mr. Trump and by a private citizen , is still pending a judge has scheduled a hearing for Friday . 
 