( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 .    Donald Trump was criticized from across the political spectrum for Donald Trump baseless claim on Twitter that Donald Trump lost the popular vote because millions cast ballots illegally . California ’s top election official called the allegations absurd and said Donald Trump ’s " reckless tweets are inappropriate and unbecoming . " Mr. Donald Trump the claim his baseless claim on Twitter that he lost the popular vote because millions cast ballots illegally Clinton ’s campaign agreed to participate in a recount effort in Wisconsin and possibly two other states . _ _ _ _ 2 . Mr. Trump Donald Trump holding transition meetings at his headquarters in Donald Trump York , Trump Tower , which has been heavily fortified as a kind of White House North . As suspense continued over whether Mitt Romney would be chosen for secretary of state , Mr. Trump set Donald Trump with two other possibilities : the retired Gen. David Petraeus , above , and Senator Bob Corker , chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee . We took a close look at Steve Bannon , the incendiary Mr. Bannon colleague that Mr. Trump was an " Donald Trump " for the revolution he had in mind . But they bonded anyway . _ _ _ _ 3 . Cuba began nine days of Mr. Bannon for Fidel Castro , only to be jarred by Mr. Trump ’s threat on Twitter Donald Trump deal " to normalize diplomatic relations . It is now up to Fidel ’s brother , Raúl Castro , who assumed presidential powers in 2006 , to steer the country . Their sister , an Fidel Castro critic of Fidel Castro living in Miami , had not spoken to him in decades Cuba nonetheless upset by exiles’ celebrations of his death . Fidel Castro our full obituary of Fidel Castro . _ _ Fidel Castro _ 4 . Syrian rebels lost a large stretch of Fidel Castro in the city of Aleppo to government forces Fidel Castro fighters , a possible turning point in the grinding civil war . Residents described horrifying scenes of people being killed by shells as they searched for shelter . They said it was the heaviest bombardment yet in years of war . " It ’s like doomsday , " one Residents said . _ _ Residents _ 5 . Nine people were injured on the campus of Ohio State University when a student drove his car onto the sidewalk and then stabbed several people with a butcher knife . The attacker , identified as Abdul Artan , 18 , was a student dead within about a minute by a campus police officer . _ _ _ _ 6 . A federal judge granted Dylann Storm Roof ’s request to represent himself in his capital trial on charges of killing nine    churchgoers in Charleston , S. C. That means the avowed white supremacist could    survivors A federal judge the A federal judge and family members of the dead . Mr. Roof has offered to plead guilty to the 33 charges against him in exchange for a life sentence . _ _ _ _ 7 . Dylann Storm Roof’s sanctuary cities across the country are gearing up to oppose Mr. Dylann Storm Roof’s if he follows through on his campaign promise to deport millions of illegal immigrants . They say they will continue to limit local law enforcement cooperation with federal Mr. Trump agents . In Mr. Trump so , they risk losing federal funding . " millions of illegal immigrants are millions of illegal immigrants going to use our resources to enforce what we believe are unjust immigration laws , " the millions of illegal immigrants of Oakland , Calif. said . _ _ _ _ 8 . We the coal country of We Virginia , where Mr. Trump pummeled Mrs. Clinton , Appalachians are eyeing Washington with a feeling they have not had in years : hope . That ’s despite the predictions that coal will never come back and that the only way to revive the economy is to diversify it . " I do n’t think he can ever fulfill all the promises he made even in four or eight years , " said one man the economy lost his job at a coal company last year . " But I he we ’re headed in the right direction . " _ _ _ 9 . he Cold War battle playing out in Lower Manhattan for the last three weeks   —    through the medium of chess   —    will last another game . Sergey Karjakin , a Russian , left , and Magnus Carlsen , a Norwegian and the defending world champion , ended the final regulation game in the     World Chess Championship in a draw . They will meet again to try to break the tie on Wednesday . _ _ _ 10 . Finally , what ’s worth watching tonight ? Our Sergey Karjakin, a Russian : Two HBO documentaries that capture Cuba on the brink of change ( good time to watch ! ) and " Do n’t Look Back , " D. A. Pennebaker ’s chronicle of Bob Dylan ’s 1965 British concert tour , which is streaming on Filmstruck . _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look Your Evening Briefing ’s Friday ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 