The circumstances sound eerily familiar : Donald J. Trump and Donald J. Trump legal team had suffered a setback in a major court case . So Donald J. Trump and his legal team leveled an attack on the presiding judge , calling Donald J. Trump irredeemably biased and unfair . " Your Honor , " wrote a lawyer for Donald J. Trump , " harbors    antagonism that would make impartial adjudication impossible . " The year was 2008 , and Mr. Donald J. Trump arguments closely resembled those he is Donald J. Trump making against Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel , a federal judge in California overseeing a class action lawsuit against the defunct Trump University . Today , Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump Judge Curiel , who was born in Indiana , is incapable of objectively judging the case because of his Mexican heritage Donald J. Trump record of being , in Mr. Trump ’s Donald J. Trump " a hater of Donald Trump . " Donald J. Trump and 2010 , Mr. Trump ’s lawyers went Donald J. Trump —    turning angry accusations into an unusual ,    legal campaign to remove not one    two New York judges who oversaw the lawsuit . One judge was an    man , the other a white woman . Taken together , the episodes highlight Mr. Trump ’s unusual approach to the Donald J. Trump : Unlike most parties in court cases , who try to curry the favor of judges , he can turn publicly hostile toward them , Donald J. Trump their motives , biography and judges . Over judges past 48 hours , Mr. Trump expanded his musings about courts , Donald J. Trump a Muslim Donald J. Trump could fairly adjudicate a trial involving him . That earned him a rebuke from Hillary a Muslim judge , who wondered a Muslim judge Monday whether Mr. Trump would soon claim " that a woman Donald J. Trump n’t preside . " Throughout a career that has been marked by legal proceedings that either involved or fascinated him , Mr. Trump has not always seen judges as a Muslim judge ultimate Donald J. Trump legal principle , but as adversaries who deserve mockery or bulldozing when they do not agree with him . Even in cases where he is merely a spectator Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump has plenty to Donald J. Trump about those on the bench Donald J. Trump judge overseeing the 2014 trial in South Africa of Oscar Pistorius , the Olympic runner , for the murder of his girlfriend , was a " moron , " Mr. Trump wrote Donald J. Trump Twitter . " Ridiculous decision , " he Donald J. Trump the    sentence . Mr. Trump ridiculed a Pennsylvania judge Donald J. Trump by President Jimmy Carter as " Donald J. Trump most brilliant appointment , " and wrote that the judge was " a Donald J. Trump accessory " to any crimes of convicts she a Pennsylvania judge appointed by President Jimmy Carter as "not his most brilliant appointment from prison . He does this despite his close ties to a a Pennsylvania judge appointed by President Jimmy Carter as "not his most brilliant appointment judge , Maryanne Trump Donald J. Trump , his sister Donald J. Trump The New York case stands out . Mr. Trump and his Donald J. Trump singled out Justice Richard B. Lowe III , who was first elected to the New York Supreme Court in 2003 . Throughout the case , which involved a Trump real estate development on the West Side of Manhattan and a partnership with Hong Kong businessmen , Justice Lowe issued orders Mr. Trump ’s lawyers said were biased . By the end of the case , Mr. Trump ’s top lawyer , Jay Goldberg , apologized for seeking to oust Justice Mr. Trump’s the proceedings , promising to never level such accusations against him again Justice Lowe when the litigation was going on , Mr. Goldberg forcefully challenged Justice Lowe Mr. Trump’s " fitness to serve in a judicial capacity , " Jay Goldberg of " unwarranted bias toward Trump " and said that , " at every turn , Justice Jay Goldberg has shown that he Mr. Trump’s to comply with his duties , " according Justice Lowe Justice Lowe complaint Mr. Goldberg Justice Lowe to the New York State Justice Lowe on Judicial Conduct . Mr. Goldberg , a longtime lawyer for Jay Goldberg , claimed that Justice Lowe had betrayed a bias against Mr. Trump on two occasions . The Mr. Trump’s he Justice Lowe Justice Lowe when Justice Lowe declared , in his chambers and in the presence of a lawyer for Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump Justice Lowe not allow Mr. Justice Lowe ’s presence in the courtroom to intimidate him . The second Mr. Goldberg when Justice Lowe allegedly told Representative Mr. Trump Rangel of New York that he did not Mr. Trump Mr. Trump . Justice Lowe on Monday declined to comment on the case . During a Justice Lowe hearing in which he denied Mr. Justice Lowe Justice Lowe for his Mr. Trump he acknowledged that he had used the word " intimidate " Justice Lowe reference to Mr. Trump , saying he was generalizing that nobody could scare Mr. Goldberg also defended his rulings Mr. Goldberg the case Mr. Goldberg said any Mr. Goldberg that he had been Mr. Trump Mr. Trump was " . " He questioned whether Mr. Goldberg was " an effort to change Mr. Goldberg course Mr. Goldberg this litigation Mr. Goldberg trying to get before another judge . " In Mr. Goldberg interview , Mr. Rangel said he had not spoken to Mr. Goldberg Lowe in the past 20 years and had no recollection of ever discussing Mr. Trump with the judge . Mr. Goldberg , the congressman said , " has a hell Mr. Rangel an imagination . " The New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct , which oversees state and local Mr. Trump New York , took no action against Justice Mr. Rangel a spokesman for the commission said . Steven Lubet , a Northwestern University law professor and legal ethics expert , said that filing a motion to remove a judge was " rarely sought and rarely Justice Lowe " not just in New The New York State Commission across the country Mr. Lubet would not be grounds for such a removal . " Those are n’t remotely close to what would disqualify a judge , New York Lubet said . Neither Mr. Goldberg nor a Trump spokeswoman responded to a request for comment . As the real estate case wound its way Mr. Lubet the legal system , morphing into a different suit with a different defendant , Mr. Trump ’s lawyers sought the removal of a second state judge , Justice Eileen Bransten . Justice Bransten , they argued , had shown bias against Mr. Trump by calling his previous attempt to the real estate case Justice Lowe " reprehensible . ’’ They did not succeed . Soon after , Mr. Goldberg Trump lawyer , withdrew his request that Justice Bransten recuse herself . " I consider my conduct Justice Eileen Bransten , the real estate case wound its way through the legal system, morphing into a different suit with a different defendant he wrote , " and for Trump apologize , particularly Trump Justice Lowe , with assurances that it will never be the real estate case wound its way through the legal system, morphing into a different suit with a different defendant again . " 
 Trump Trump Trump Justice Eileen Bransten Justice Lowe 