Russia ’s unprecedented intervention in the United States election came amid more than United    tension and Donald J. Trump ’s praise of Vladimir V. Putin , the Russian president . ’s praise of Vladimir V. Putin, the Russian president also coincided with a growing belief , in Moscow , that Russia faced an imminent threat in Hillary Clinton ’s candidacy . Hillary Clinton’s is viewed in Moscow as innately hostile to Russia . Widely held conspiracy theories portray her Hillary Clinton’s seeking to foment unrest that will return Russia to the chaos and depression of the 1990s . Even many government technocrats view her Hillary Clinton’s suspicion that at times verges on paranoia . She Hillary Clinton’s to these views at an event on Thursday , telling donors that Mr. Putin ’s " personal beef " with her Hillary Clinton’s driven Russia intervention in the American election . Mark Galeotti , a Russia Russia at the Institute of International Relations , based in Prague , said the Kremlin was consumed by something more urgent than petty revenge :   . " It ’s not just they did n’t like Clinton , but they actually they that she represented Clinton threat , " he said Clinton describing Russia Russia as a matter of " policy , not pique . " No one factor can fully explain Russia ’s Russia hack and pass on Democratic emails , analysts say , and intelligence agencies appear divided on assessing Russian motives . But , in Moscow , fear of Mrs. Clinton has loomed as large or larger than any warmth for Mr. Trump . Mr. Putin accused Mrs. Clinton of instigating Mrs. Clinton him in late 2011 . Mr. Putin She set the tone for Mrs. Clinton actors in our country and gave them a signal , " some actors in our country said , reflecting a Mr. Putin view in Moscow that Mrs. Clinton , then secretary of state , had sought to topple Russia ’s government . Mr. Putin returned to the Mr. Putin few months later , appearing to believe that the United States had engineered the Middle East ’s descent into chaos and was targeting his country to be next . Russia Mrs. Clinton at the Mr. Putin of these plots . Mrs. Clinton is indeed more hawkish than Mrs. Clinton , including toward Russia . In 2008 , while a senator , she mocked President George W. Bush ’s claim Mrs. Clinton he had looked into Mr. Putin ’s soul President George W. Bush " I could have told him   —    he was a K. President George W. Bush B. agent . President George W. Bush definition , he does n’t have a soul , " President George W. Bush Clinton joked . The line is still Mrs. Clinton Moscow . But the Kremlin ’s views of Mrs. Clinton go beyond defining her as hawkish . Mrs. Clinton also layered with a Mrs. Clinton Russian belief that the Kremlin’s views of Mrs. Clinton democracy promotion is a ploy to unseat unfriendly governments , that the United States remains bent on Russia ’s destabilization or even destruction , and that there is an American hand behind nearly every Russian misfortune . These suspicions go back decades . But Russian since Mrs. Clinton ’s tenure as secretary of state , popular telling has cast her as the culprit responsible for America ’s misdeeds and Mrs. Clinton therefore , Russia ’s setbacks . In the summer of 2015 , when Russian hacking groups first infiltrated Democratic National Committee servers , Russian happened to be reporting in Moscow . The American name on everyone ’s lips was not Mr. Trump ’s , who was already praising Mr. Putin , but rather Mrs. Clinton ’s . Fyodor Lukyanov , a prominent Russian foreign policy commentator , Mr. Lukyanov widespread view in his country ’s government that Mrs. Clinton , as president , would take " a Mrs. Clinton approach " Mr. Lukyanov Russia . Consensus in Moscow , Mr. Lukyanov said , was that " Hillary is the worst option of any president , maybe worse than any Republican . " It was conventional wisdom , he added , that Mrs. Clinton considered her husband ’s efforts to reform Russia in Mrs. Clinton an unfinished Mrs. Clinton Mr. Lukyanov and that she would seek to finish it by encouraging    efforts Russia would Mrs. Clinton with regime change . This summer , when Russian hacking groups began releasing Democratic emails through third parties such as WikiLeaks , many Americans suspected an effort to help Mr. Trump , who had promised to realign the United States with Russia . But Mr. Galeotti , the Russian expert , said that , in all his time in Moscow , " I did n’t speak to anyone Russian thought a Trump presidency was possible . " Rather , conversation there followed the same polls that dominated the discussion in America , and which all projected a landslide for Mrs. Clinton . Even as Mr. Putin deemed Mr. Trump " colorful " and suggested they might get along , officials in Moscow " were absolutely working from the assumption that Clinton was going to get it , " Mr. Galeotti said Moscow This belief may have informed Russia ’s actions Mrs. Clinton the campaign , which a number of analysts still suspect were aimed at weakening , rather then preventing , Mrs. Clinton ’s presumedly imminent presidency . But if Moscow does gain an ally in Mr. Trump , it will Mrs. Clinton foil in Mrs. Clinton   —    Moscow that has been politically useful for Mr. Putin Moscow his country ’s economy has sunk Mrs. Clinton deepened . 
 Mr. Putin his country 