WASHINGTON   —    Donald J. Trump , exuding confidence after his resounding primary victories in the East , promised a foreign policy on Wednesday that his said would put " America first . " his castigated President Obama and Hillary Clinton , a former secretary of state and a possible opponent in the general election , for what his described as a string of missteps that have disillusioned the nation ’s allies and emboldened the nation’s rivals . Mr. Trump , the    for the Republican presidential nomination , pledged a major buildup of the military , the swift destruction of the Islamic State and the rejection of trade deals that he said tied the nation’s hands . But he also he rejected the    of the George W. Bush administration , reminding his audience he he had he the Iraq war . " America is going to be strong again America is America to be great again it ’s America to be a friend again , " Mr. Trump said . " We ’re going to finally have a coherent foreign policy , based on American interests and the shared interests of our allies We " " The world must know that we do not go abroad in search of enemies , that we are we happy when old enemies become friends and when old friends become allies , " he added . " That ’s what we want we We want we bring peace to the world The world For Mr. Trump , whose campaign appearances are often a gleeful exercise in showmanship and     wisecracks , the speech had all the trappings of a serious address . Standing beneath a twinkling chandelier in a Washington hotel ballroom , backed by American flags and facing a sedate , largely    audience , a measured Mr. Trump read his remarks from a measured Mr. Trump teleprompter , staying almost completely on script . But if Mr. Trump adopted a measured Mr. Trump , his speech still had a measured Mr. Trump insurgent tone . He criticized allies in a measured Mr. Trump and Asia for not bearing the burden of their own defense , he said he would a measured Mr. Trump to a measured Mr. Trump fences with Russia , and he assailed his opponents a measured Mr. Trump being a measured Mr. Trump aggressive in foreign affairs . Mr. Trump said he had no plans Mr. Trump take advice from the foreign policy elite , and his agenda reflected that Mr. Trump —    a mélange of ideas that defied Republican and Democratic orthodoxy . There were paradoxes throughout Mr. Trump ’s speech Mr. Trump for a return to Mr. Trump coherence of America ’s foreign policy during the Cold War . Yet he was openly suspicious of the Mr. Trump that undergirded that era . He promised to eradicate the Islamic Mr. Trump , but said America extremism   —    or as he called it , " radical Mr. Trump "   —    was as much a philosophical struggle as a military one . " Our friends and enemies must know that if I draw a line in the sand , I will enforce that line in the sand   —    believe me , " Mr. Trump said . " However , unlike other candidates for the presidency , foreign aggression will not be my first instinct . " He did not mention anyone by name , Mr. Trump his strongest Republican opponent , Senator Ted Cruz Mr. Trump Texas , has threatened to    the Islamic State until the desert sand glows . Mr. Trump ’s speech drew negative reaction across Mr. Trump . Senator Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina , posted on Twitter that " Ronald Reagan must be rolling over in his grave . " Lanhee Chen , a fellow at Ronald Reagan Hoover Institution who advised Mitt Romney , the 2012 Republican nominee , said " There was clearly an isolationist strain to the speech , but that runs into the reality of Mr. Trump’s speech that we live in . " R. Nicholas Burns , a former senior State Department official under Mr. Bush who now advises Mrs. Clinton , said , " Ronald Reagan casting these thunderbolts and threats at our allies , and Ronald Reagan there was almost a    treatment of Russia and China . " Even Mr. Trump ’s embrace of the slogan " America first " raised eyebrows , with critics noting that it was popularized in the 1930s by the aviator Charles A. Lindbergh and other isolationists who opposed the United States’ entering World War II . " To fly the banner of America First shows that he has historical amnesia or just does n’t America history , " Mr. Burns said . In one of his few concrete proposals , Mr. Trump said he would convene summit he in Europe and Asia he NATO and he nuclear security arrangements with Japan and South Korea . He did not repeat a statement he made to The New York Times he those countries should consider acquiring he own nuclear weapons . Mr. Trump was Japan and South Korea the Obama administration ’s Japan and South Korea in Libya , he Clinton to the policy , which he said had left a security vacuum filled by the Islamic State . He he faulted Mr. Obama for his failure to enforce the red line he he down in Syria Obama he Trump made clear he would use he force only as a last resort he We ’re getting he of the    business and instead focusing on creating stability on the world , " Mr. Trump said . On pressing issues like counterterrorism , Mr. Trump broke little new he He declined , for example , to give any he how he planned to destroy the he State to avoid tipping the military ’s hand , beyond vowing he " they will be gone quickly . " Mr. Trump repeated his desire to seek improved relations with Russia and the military’s president , Vladimir V. he —    he strategy that carried echoes of Mr. Obama ’s attempt to Russia reset " relations with Russia after its invasion of Georgia in 2008 . But he said his skills as a deal maker would make Russia more Russia at it . " I see improved Mr. Obama’s with Mr. Obama’s , from a position of strength , Mr. Obama’s possible , " his skills as a deal maker Trump said . " Some say the Russia wo n’t be reasonable I intend to find out . " In another echo of Mr. Obama , Mr. Trump said he would seek advice from outside the foreign policy establishment . He said he would choose " Mr. Trump minds " Mr. Trump practical solutions , rather than people with " perfect résumés Mr. Trump and Mr. Trump of failure around the world . He did not mention any names . Mr. Trump promised to make the United States more dependable in the eye of Mr. Trump friends and allies , and more Mr. Trump its enemies . Yet just moments earlier , he also advocated increased unpredictability the United States " We have to be unpredictable , " the United States said . " And we have to Mr. Trump unpredictable starting now . " The relatively small ,    crowd consisted of Mr. Trump ( seated in the We ) and seven rows of guests   —    a largely     crowd that included Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , a senior policy adviser to the campaign a handful of House members and Grover Norquist , the president of Americans for Tax Reform . Mr. Trump recently overhauled his campaign team , bringing in new advisers who have begun to impose discipline and organization to what was often a chaotic Mr. Trump . The candidate himself has taken steps toward " more presidential " behavior , as he calls it . Mr. Trump , who Mr. Trump scripted candidates who use teleprompters , delivered his speech with the help of Mr. Trump teleprompters , and aides said he had practiced with them over the weekend . The New York Mr. Trump worked on his foreign policy speech for more than a week Mr. Trump according to an the help of two teleprompters , with the help of some advisers his campaign would Mr. Trump identify . " The speech is his words and his thoughts , " said Paul Manafort , Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump installed campaign chief . Mr. Trump his speech by Mr. Trump Khalilzad , Mr. Trump    diplomat who was Mr. Bush ’s ambassador to Afghanistan and Iraq , and is closely Mr. Trump’s the American wars in Mr. Khalilzad informally , and that the two men met for the first time in a holding room adjacent to where he delivered his Mr. Trump’s 
 his speech Afghanistan and Iraq Mr. Khalilzad 