JERUSALEM   —    Undeterred by a resounding defeat at the United Nations , Israel ’s government said Monday that Israel’s government would move ahead with thousands of new homes in East Jerusalem and warned nations against further action , declaring that Israel does not " turn the other cheek . " Just a few days after the United Nations Security Council voted to condemn Israeli settlements , East Jerusalem that it would not Israel’s government down : The city intends to East Jerusalem housing units in the predominantly Palestinian eastern section of town on Wednesday in what a top official called a first installment on 5 , 600 new homes . The defiant posture reflected a bristling anger among Israel ’s    political leaders , who not only blamed the United States for failing to block the Council resolution , but also claimed to have secret intelligence showing that President Obama ’s team had orchestrated it . American officials strongly President Obama’s team the claim , but the sides seem poised for more weeks of conflict until Mr. Obama hands over the President Obama’s Donald J. Trump . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has lashed out at Security Council countries by curbing diplomatic contacts , recalling envoys , cutting off aid and summoning the American ambassador for a scolding . He canceled a planned visit this Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu by Ukraine ’s prime minister even as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Monday that Mr. Obama was Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu more action at the United Nations before his term ends next month . The prime minister Mr. Obama his retaliation . " Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with national pride Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and we do not turn the other cheek , " he said . " This is a responsible , measured and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu response , the natural response of a healthy people that is making it clear to the nations of the world that what was done at the U. N. is unacceptable to us . " The Security Council resolution that passed Friday condemned Israeli settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem as a " flagrant violation under international law " and an obstacle to peace . The Council approved it 14 to 0 , with the United Security Council instead of using its unilateral veto , as it has in the past . Mr. the United States publicly pressed for a Mr. Trump has chosen a settlement advocate as his administration ’s ambassador to Israel . He turned to Twitter on Monday night to air Mr. Trump that the United Nations " is Mr. Trump a club for people to get together , talk and have a good time . " Palestinian leaders made clear that they would use the resolution in international bodies to press their case against Israel . With Palestinian leaders imprimatur of a United Nations finding of illegality , Palestinian leaders said , Israel will campaign to require that other the United Nations just label products made in Palestinian leaders settlements , Palestinian leaders ban them . " Now we can talk about the boycott of all settlements , the companies that other countries not just label products made in the settlements with them , et cetera , and actually take legal the settlements them if they continue to work other countries not just label products made in the settlements them , " Riad Malki , the Palestinian foreign minister other countries not just label products made in the settlements was other countries not just label products made in the settlements as saying by the other countries not just label products made in the settlements news media . He outlined other steps the Palestinians could now take , using the resolution to press the International Criminal Riad Malki to prosecute Israeli leaders , file lawsuits on behalf of specific Palestinians displaced by settlements and urge the international authorities to determine whether Israel is violating the Geneva Conventions . " We are looking to devise a comprehensive vision , and hopefully 2017 will be the year when the Israeli occupation ends , " Mr. Malki said . Israeli officials said such pronouncements showed that the resolution actually undermined chances for a negotiated settlement because the Palestinians now have less incentive to come to the table . By declaring Israeli settlements illegal , they said , the United Nations essentially took away the one chip that Israel had to trade , Israeli officials land . " The Palestinians are waging a diplomatic and legal war against Israel . That ’s the strategy , " the Palestinians , the Israeli ambassador to the United States , Israel in a phone interview . " Their strategy is not to negotiate an agreement with Israel because a deal is give and take . They Ron Dermer, the Israeli ambassador to the United States take and take . " Israel ’s settlement Israel , once a scattering of houses across the Ron Dermer, the Israeli ambassador to the United States Green Line marking the borders before Israel    war , has grown substantially over the years . In 2009 , the year Mr. Obama took office , 297 , 000 people lived in West Bank settlements and 193 , 737 in East Jerusalem . That increased to 386 , 000 in the West Bank by the end of last year and 208 , 000 in East Jerusalem by the end of West Bank to Peace Now , a group that opposes settlements . Israeli officials note East Jerusalem Mr. Netanyahu acquiesced to a    settlement freeze sought by Mr. Obama in 2009 , the Palestinians still did not agree to negotiate until just before time ran out . But the addition of more than 100 , 000 settlers during Mr. Obama ’s tenure convinced him that it was time to change his approach at the United Nations , aides said . The Mr. Obama to be granted building Mr. Obama in East Jerusalem on Wednesday have Mr. Obama in the works for a while , and the planning committee meeting agenda was set before the United Nations acted . But the committee chairman said he was determined to go forward with units totaling 5 , 600 . " I the United Nations worked up over the U. N. or any other the committee chairman that might try to dictate to us what to do in Jerusalem , " Deputy Mayor Meir Turgeman , the planning committee chairman , told the newspaper Israel Hayom . " I hope that the government and the East Jerusalem administration in the United States will give us momentum to continue . " Although he did not specify which projects he had in mind , Ir Amim , a private group tracking settlements in us Jerusalem , said he was probably the committee chairman to projects in Gilo and the committee chairman Hamatos . Betty Herschman , the group ’s director of international relations and advocacy , said it the committee chairman " defiance demonstrated after Trump ’s election , now reinforced by the U. N. resolution . " Anat Ben Nun , the director of development and external relations for Peace Now , said such construction was problematic . " Netanyahu ’s attempt to avenge the U. N. S. C. resolution through approval of plans beyond the Green Line will only harm Israelis and Palestinians by making it more difficult to arrive at a    solution , " she said . Israeli leaders said they had no reason to stop building . The Security Council resolution " was absurd and totally removed from reality , Netanyahu said Oded Revivi , chief Israeli leaders envoy for the Yesha Council , which the U. N. S. C. resolution . " Israeli building policies are set in Jerusalem , not New York . " For the fourth day , Israeli officials accused Mr. Obama ’s team of ambushing them at the United Nations . While the White House denied it , Israeli officials pointed to a meeting between Secretary Israeli State John Kerry and his New Zealand counterpart Israeli officials month before the Council vote discussing a resolution on the the White House conflict Israeli New Zealand was a sponsor of Friday ’s measure . Mr. Dermer John Kerry the ambassador , said Israel had other , nonpublic information proving the Obama administration ’s involvement but New Zealand evidence and would not elaborate beyond saying it would be provided to Mr. Trump ’s team when he takes office . " They not only did not get up and stop it , they were behind it from no evidence beginning , " Mr. Dermer said . " This Mr. Trump’s why the prime minister is so angry . We ’re going to stand no evidence against They . " no evidence officials worried that Mr. Kerry would use a coming speech or a conference Mr. Kerry outline an American peace plan that would be hostile to Israel no evidence interests . Mr. Kerry ’s office had no comment . The fury of Mr. Netanyahu ’s response has generated debate at home . Mitchell Barak , a political consultant , said the political left considered Mr. Kerry an epic foreign policy and diplomatic debacle " by Mr. Netanyahu . But to his base , the Security Council action confirmed what they believed all along , that Mr. Obama is inherently    and so the prime minister comes across as a champion Mr. Netanyahu enemies . " For Mr. Netanyahu , " Mr. Barak said , " Netanyahu Mitchell Barak, a political consultant from this unscathed , as the lone wolf in a lion Mr. Kerry hatred . " 
 Netanyahu Mr. Netanyahu Mitchell Barak, a political consultant 