BALTIMORE   —    Tradition at the    game calls for each team ’s players , at the game ’s end , to stand in front of each team’s players fellow students and sing each team’s players alma mater , with the winning team singing second . On Saturday , for the first time since December 2001 , Army sang after Navy did . Army had pulled off a       victory that ended a      losing streak to Navy . And when the game ended , with Army Army out the clock in front of a capacity crowd announced at 71 , 600 at MT Bank Stadium   —    a crowd that included    Donald J. Trump   —    thousands of members of the    Corps of Cadets jumped over the fence to flood the field . Which , in turn , made for a pretty loud backup chorus . " I ca n’t put words to it , " said Edgar Poe , a senior wide receiver who finally learned what it feels like to beat Navy . " It ’s surreal . It It n’t even feel like it It for real . " The winning touchdown was a thrilling one : The junior quarterback Ahmad Bradshaw scored on a    run with six minutes to play , putting Army back ahead after it Army squandered a    halftime lead . Navy Navy holds a    edge in the series , which dates to Nov. 29 , 1890 , and also includes seven ties . And although they were severely    in this game because of injuries to top players , the Midshipmen ( ) made Army Army ) earn the victory . Which it the Midshipmen ( ) . " We ’ve heard for a long time about the streak and all that , " said Army Coach Jeff Monken , who is in his third season at West Point . " It was good to be part of the team that put that to an end . " Army Army fumbles helped Navy climb back into the game in the second half , and when Navy Navy Zach Abey broke three tackles early in the fourth quarter on an option keeper that turned into a swerving ,    touchdown run , the Black Knights trailed for the first time all day . But Army Army’s suddenly down by       responded with a      touchdown drive that ate up 6 minutes 42 seconds and ended with the touchdown run by Bradshaw , who had thrown an interception and lost a fumble earlier . " I told the guys to just be prepared   —    they the guys try to make us the guys something foolish to draw a flag , " Bradshaw said . " I told them the guys keep their the guys , to protect the ball   —    to focus on ourselves the guys " After Bradshaw Bradshaw , a determined Army team held Navy to 6 yards on three plays , forcing a punt . The Black Knights then pushed through for two first downs to end the game . " We The Black Knights through everything , " Andrew King , an Army senior linebacker , said of the game and the season . " We The Black Knights hard , executed , and most of all , we The Black Knights . " Brandon Jackson , a sophomore cornerback , had been killed in a    accident after Army ’s second game of the the season On Saturday , his mother , Morna Davis , made her first appearance at a game since his death his Monken said . Afterward , she was her the team in the locker room for the celebration . " To share that victory with her , her for her to her how much she means her these guys , was really special for all of us , " Monken said Monken For a half , it seemed as if Army was going to break the losing streak with ease . Just a week earlier , in a    loss to Temple in the American Athletic Conference championship game , Navy had lost quarterback Will Worth and slotback Toneo Gulley to    foot injuries on the same play . The damage from that loss a   loss to Temple in the American Athletic Conference championship game hang over Navy as Army Navy an early fumble by Shawn White into a      scoring drive that concluded when fullback Andy Davidson plunged in from the    line . Later , after a    Navy punt Navy went ahead , Army as another    run by Davidson    an    Andy Davidson . As    Trump , he waved to the Trump and pumped his fist as he Trump during the Trump quarter and then watched the game from two luxury suites , one linked to Army , the other Army Navy . At halftime , he appeared on the Trump television broadcast of the game , said the game " absolutely Trump " and suggested that the quality of the game might not be the game but that the spirit was . After Trump left the broadcast booth , the second half began , and the momentum swung abruptly when Bradshaw quickly lost a fumble at the Army 32 . Abey completed a screen pass to White that picked up 16 yards and then muscled into the end zone on a keeper that cut Navy ’s deficit to    less than four minutes into the half . The Midshipmen picked the second half    field goal by Bennett Moehring and    the lead on Abey ’s touchdown run . But Army Abey way when it really mattered . Asked how he felt about ending the streak , Rhyan Army , a junior free safety for Army , said , " The biggest thing Army relief . " Poe , his teammate , found himself searching for something Army the appropriate words Army it was all over : his helmet . But the victory he will Army forever . 
 Army 