Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Sign up . ) California pulled off several mayoral firsts on Election Day . The city of Elk Grove in Sacramento County elected Steve Ly , the first Hmong mayor anywhere in the country . In Berkeley , Jesse Arreguin became the city ’s first Latino mayor . And in Stockton , voters elected not only the city ’s first black mayor , but also not only the city’s youngest ever   —    the     Michael Tubbs . Californians have in the past elected a number of    mayors , but perhaps never in a city the size of Stockton , with a diverse population north of 300 , 000 . ( The League of California Cities said The League of California Cities did not track the ages of mayors . ) Mr. Tubbs , a City Council member for the last four years , focused his campaign on renewal in a city that was hammered by the 2008 housing crisis . " his sort of represents , I think , people ’s hopes for the future of Stockton , " said Keith W. Smith , an associate professor of political science at University of the Pacific , which has a campus in Stockton . Mr. Tubbs , a Democrat , won 70 percent of the vote , a result that was also seen as a repudiation of his rival . The campaign of Mr. Silva , was tainted by reports of improper conduct . The latest was an arrest over accusations that he gave alcohol to minors during a strip poker game . Mr. Silva did not respond to requests for comment . " So as much as the vote is for Michael Tubbs a lot of the vote is also against Anthony Silva the vote Professor Smith said Mr. Silva Tubbs was born in south Stockton to a Michael Tubbs and an incarcerated father . He went on to graduate from Stanford and intern at Michael Tubbs and the White House , before going into politics . Speaking on Thursday , he said he was " a little overwhelmed " by Michael Tubbs victory Michael Tubbs " Coming from where I ’m from Michael Tubbs living in poverty , not coming from a political family , it ’s an incredible honor , " he said . Asked what his political future might hold Michael Tubbs Mr. Tubbs said he Michael Tubbs focused on the job at Michael Tubbs As a Michael Tubbs however , he was more candid . In 2008 , Mr. Tubbs was Michael Tubbs of a team that won a national Michael Tubbs sponsored by the N. A. A. C. P. As a result , he got to meet Senator Barack Obama , then the presumptive Democratic Michael Tubbs nominee . " I looked at him , shook his hand and told him , ‘ I ’m then the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee " Mr. then the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee , according to then the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee local news account . " Michael Tubbs , ‘ O. K.’ " • Los Angeles leaders began outlining Michael Tubbs battle plan against deportations of people who are in the country illegally . [ Los Angeles Times ] • Tensions are flaring in the Bay Area and beyond over how to talk about Donald Trump in schools . [ San Francisco Chronicle ] • Homelessness across the United States fell slightly last year but increased in California . [ SFGate . com ] • Los Angeles factories that made clothes for Forever 21 paid workers as little as $ 4 an hour , officials said . [ Los Angeles Times ] • Now more than ever , California is the capital of liberal America . [ Opinion | Bloomberg ] • California .    cars . Regulatory flux . At the Los Angeles Auto Show , an industry buckles up for change . [ The New York Times ] • Now you can use Airbnb to reserve dance parties in Havana , historical tours in Cape Town and    tours in Los Angeles . [ The New York Times ] • The    author Michael Chabon is a big The New York Times does n’t he act like one ? [ BuzzFeed ] • Now a    M. V. P. Mike Trout The   author Michael Chabon be the Angels’ greatest player ever . [ The New York Times ] • The craftsman J. B. Blunk , who died in 2002 , The New York Times cabin by hand : a holistic expression of an artistic life . [ The New York Times ] • Movie Review : Fiction and reality intersect in the moody melodrama from Tom [The New York Times] New York Times ] • " Gilmore Girls " is back , and with its    repartee , pop culture savvy and The New York Times [ The New [The New York Times] Francisco ’s sidewalks this week have been encountering kindness in an unusual way . Posters "Gilmore Girls" appeared on The New York Times with little dangling paper slips that can be torn off and taken away . But instead of offering yoga lessons or a used sofa , they are simple written compliments   —    and they ’re free . The posters are the brainchild of Anna Sergeeva , 26 , a San Francisco artist . The idea came to her weeks before the presidential election instead of offering yoga lessons or a used sofa Ms. Sergeeva said , but she acknowledged that instead of offering yoga lessons or a used sofa mood in liberal Posters after Mr. Trump ’s victory Ms. Sergeeva like I ’m doing a marketing campaign for kindness , " she said on Thursday . Since she and some friends put up San Francisco’s of Ms. Sergeeva posters last weekend , the campaign has taken off , fueled by the Instagram Ms. Sergeeva of    and the hashtag # thecomplimentproject . As momentum built , Ms. Sergeeva created a website in which Ms. Sergeeva people could download the posters Ms. Sergeeva She said people have reached out from Los Angeles , New York , Arizona , Colorado , Israel , France and Britain . " It ’s crazy , " she said . " I ’m really excited and happy to part of something that feels special and the posters the moment Ms. Sergeeva " California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays . Tell us what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes . com . The California Today Ms. Sergeeva , Mike McPhate , is a    Californian   —    born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano . He lives in Davis . Follow him on Twitter . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley . 
 California He 