Now we know : Donald J. Trump racked up losses so huge in the early 1990s that Donald J. Trump would n’t have had to pay federal or New York State income tax on nearly a billion dollars in income . None of this seems to have made the slightest dent in Donald J. Trump ’s opulent lifestyle over the years . At the nadir of his Donald J. Trump financial crisis in the the early 1990s his Donald J. Trump put him Donald J. Trump a monthly   " budget " of $ 450 , 000 in personal expenses   —    more than enough to sustain his Donald J. Trump of lavish homes , private jets , country clubs and golf courses   —    even as he Donald J. Trump using the tax code to avoid paying any federal income tax . It ’s hard to imagine a starker contrast with the vast number of Americans who struggle to both pay taxes and make ends meet , or a more damning indictment of a tax code that makes that possible . " If it was n’t clear before , it is now it The tax code the tax code the rich in its statutory framework , its the tax code , and in the tax code it is enforced and administered the tax code " said Steven M. Rosenthal , a real estate tax specialist and senior fellow at the    Tax Policy Center . " The American public , " he said , " needs Steven M. Rosenthal, a real estate tax specialist and senior fellow at the   Tax Policy Center wake up and send a message that the tax code should be the tax code revenue and enforced to collect it , not to favor wealthy real the tax code developers and other special interests and their lobbyists . " If Mr. Trump the tax code pattern of generating losses and using them to offset other income has continued losses as seems likely , it ’s obvious why he has not released his tax returns Mr. Trump not because he Mr. Trump being audited , or because Mr. Trump returns are too complicated , but his tax returns has n’t paid any taxes . Mr. Trump latest revelations , in an article published by The New York Times , make a " compelling " case for more disclosure , said Michael Knoll , professor of law and real estate at the University of Pennsylvania Law School . " If his loss was so massive that he Mr. Trump n’t pay federal income tax Mr. Trump 15 to 20 years , that ’s surprising . It ’s even more surprising that someone in that situation would run for president . " Even if Mr. Trump was correct when he asserted that he only took advantage of Mr. Trump the law Mr. Trump , such a huge loss undermines one of his central campaign themes , which is that Mr. Trump is an astute and successful businessman . Mr. Trump the size of the loss that Mr. Trump reported , " it ’s clear Mr. Trump a spectacularly disastrous businessman , " Mr. Mr. Trump said . Douglas    an economist who Mr. Trump director of the Congressional Budget Office and is now president of the American Action Forum , a conservative    advocacy group , agreed : " It ’s either a unique combination of bad luck or he ’s a terrible businessman or both . I do Mr. Trump understand how you can lose a billion dollars and stay in business . " All of this makes it even more imperative that Mr. Trump disclose more tax this , including more current returns as well as earlier returns that would explain how , by 1995 , he had a huge operating loss carried forward from earlier Mr. Trump that approached a billion dollars . " This absolutely strengthens the case for disclosure , " Mr. Rosenthal said . " A loss of that magnitude raises all kinds of red flags . " Mr. Trump ’s records indicate that there was an attached statement that explained the net operating loss being carried forward . " That ’s so tantalizing , " Mr.    said . " I ’d love to see that statement . " Mr. Trump , of course , an attached statement that explained the net operating loss being carried forward to release Mr. Trump It would probably answer many questions about the source of an attached statement that explained the net operating loss being carried forward losses an attached statement that explained the net operating loss being carried forward It would also help explain whether these were legitimate business losses or an attached statement that explained the net operating loss being carried forward accounting gimmicks and abusive tax shelters , " as Mr. Rosenthal put it . There are a number of accounting tactics that Mr. Trump might have used to generate such a huge loss Mr. Trump of them considered highly aggressive and of dubious legitimacy , accounting experts said . a number of accounting tactics that Mr. Trump might have used to generate such a huge loss the dire state of Mr. Trump ’s businesses at the time , he might have been Mr. Trump    of assets under a doctrine known Mr. Trump " abandonment , " an aggressive accounting tactic used when an investor walks away from a worthless or nearly worthless asset and writes off the entire capital investment in the property . There is also the question of Mr. Trump ’s debt . Mr. Trump personally guaranteed $ 832 million of debt Mr. Trump casinos and other assets Mr. Trump tax code provisions available to real estate developers , he Mr. Trump take the full amount as a deduction even if he did n’t invest a dime Mr. Trump his own money . Ordinarily , that deduction would be Mr. Trump when the debt was forgiven or Mr. Trump underlying assets sold . If the a deduction forgiven , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s debt to report that as income . But there are various Mr. Trump’s debt If Mr. Trump was insolvent at the time   —    if his debts exceeded his assets   — Mr. Trump might have avoided having to report the forgiveness of debt Mr. Trump income . Mr. Trump course , if that Mr. Trump the case , it further undermines his claims to being an astute businessman . There are other provisions , too , that might have allowed Mr. Trump that was the case to deduct the loans but never have to report them as income . Real estate developers are also uniquely able to realize losses as soon as they occur , but defer gains the loans often indefinitely , through such tactics as    exchanges . " It ’s heads Trump wins Real estate developers and tails the government loses , " Mr. Knoll said . Large as the loss was , Mr. Trump did Mr. Trump even need to use any of his loss    in 1995 . As I previously suggested , he was Mr. Trump to use the tax breaks available to active real Mr. Trump developers to report a loss of nearly $ 16 million Mr. Trump " rental real estate , royalties , partnerships , S corporations , trusts , etc . , " which are the forms in which Mr. Trump holds most of his assets . Mr. Trump ’s records show that he used that loss to offset his ordinary income . Mr. Trump reported $ 3 Mr. Trump 4 million Mr. Trump income , $ 7 . Mr. Trump million in interest and a Mr. Trump $ 6 , Mr. Trump wages and salaries , all of it sheltered from tax by his loss . The rest of us ca n’t do that , unless we fit the narrow criteria for active real estate developers . " There Mr. Trump probably no special interest that ’s more favored by the tax code The rest of us real estate , " Mr. Rosenthal said . In examining the    tax reforms of 1986 , he found " all these    for real estate interests . " " It ’s a monument to lobbying and the influence of real estate " Mr. Rosenthal , he said . Mr.    added : " It ’s unbelievable . It ’s due to the unique weirdness of the American love affair with homeownership Mr. Rosenthal " which Mr. Rosenthal to justify these tax breaks . As Mr. It has said , he should be uniquely positioned to reform the system . " Mr. Trump knows the tax code far better than anyone who has ever run for president Mr. Trump he is the only one that knows how to fix Mr. Trump " his campaign said in a statement to The Times . Hope Hicks , a Trump Mr. Trump , declined to comment beyond the campaign ’s earlier the tax code to The Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump has n’t hesitated to castigate corporate executives and Wall Street Mr. Trump managers for taking advantage of tax his campaign and has proposed eliminating the The Times Mr. Trump income , a tax benefit that pales in significance to the magnitude of his . Yet Mr. Trump chose not to release his returns , and his tax proposals would corporate executives and Wall Street money managers close a single loophole that benefits him . On the contrary Mr. Trump he would Mr. Trump tax code even more favorable Mr. Trump real estate developers Mr. Trump himself . He would lower the tax rate to 15 Mr. Trump for limited liability companies and Mr. Trump , the very entities in which Mr. Trump holds most of his assets Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump has n’t proposed anything to address these loopholes , " Mr.    said . At the broadest level , Mr. Mr. Trump tax avoidance undermines the Mr. Trump tax system , Mr. Trump rests on the foundation that every citizen pays a fair share . " Our whole system is based on Mr. Trump , " Mr. Rosenthal said . " How will people react when they see a    billionaire like Trump pays no tax ? Why should they pay ? " Mr. Rosenthal said it reminded him of the famous quote attributed to the hotel owner Leona Helmsley people " Only the Mr. Trump people pay taxes . " 
 Mr. Rosenthal Mr. Rosenthal people 