When he accepted the Libertarian Party ’s nomination in May , Gary Johnson told delegates that he was ready to peel away votes from the Republican and Democratic candidates , potentially catapulting a party on the fringe of American politics onto the presidential debate stage and , with luck , to the White House . But nearly four months later , Gary Johnson ’s presidential chances appear shaky . The former Republican governor of New Mexico is polling around 10 percent nationally , healthy for a    candidate , but below the 15 percent threshold required to be included in presidential debates . And on Thursday , Mr. Gary Johnson credibility suffered a blow when he fumbled Gary Johnson a question about the crisis in Syria , asking an MSNBC commentator , " What is Aleppo ? " The challenges facing Mr. Johnson Gary Johnson go beyond a mental    and reflect the deeply entrenched obstacles that    and independent    face when running for president . On the surface , the low approval ratings for Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump present a prime opportunity for a candidate like Mr. Johnson , who is socially liberal and fiscally conservative . Even so , that intriguing blend of policies has made it difficult for the Libertarian ticket , which includes William F. Weld , the former Republican governor of Massachusetts , to attract stray Democrats or disenchanted Republicans in large numbers . " He ’s had William F. Weld, the former Republican governor of Massachusetts coalescing the    Republican crowd , partially because it ’s a mix of social conservatives and moderates , and partly because at times he ’s seemed William F. Weld, the former Republican governor of Massachusetts keen on appealing to the Bernie bros , " said Tim Miller , Mr. Miller the supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont . Mr. Miller opposes Mr. Trump and is considering voting for the Libertarian ticket this year . Mr. Miller added that Mr. Johnson ’s flub about Aleppo did not make him Mr. Miller bet on foreign policy matters than is Mr. Trump . But , Mr. Johnson’s flub about Aleppo said , it does highlight the problem that many Mr. Trump with Libertarians . Mr. Miller It reinforces my top policy difference with him , which is his relative isolationism " on it affairs , he said . While prominent Republicans often speak him of Mr. Johnson and Mr. Weld Mr. Miller few big names have come forward to formally endorse him . Mr. Johnson drew criticism from some Republicans last week when he took issue Mr. Miller the Mr. Miller illegal immigrant , " and his views on fully Mr. Miller marijuana remain out of step with mainstream politics . Still , Mr. Miller Johnson ’s supporters have expressed hope that    sentiment could help propel the Libertarians this Mr. Miller social media , many of Mr. Johnson ’s backers say they hope that Senator Jeff Flake , the Arizona Republican who has had Mr. Miller   feud with Mr. Trump backers might get behind the Libertarian ticket , but so far they have had no luck converting him . In June , Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska expressed interest in the Senator Jeff Flake, the Arizona Republican who has had a public  feud with Mr. Trump, might get behind the Libertarian ticket Party , but later said Mr. Trump Mr. Johnson ’s positions on abortion , religious liberty and national security were deal breakers . Mitt Romney , the 2012 Republican nominee who has showered praise on Mr. Weld , pushed publicly this week for the Libertarians to be allowed in the debates . Still , he has given no sign that he will back the party ’s ticket in November , even though he has Mr. Weld he will not vote for Mr. Weld Trump or Mrs. Clinton . " The Libertarians just break too Mr. Weld from traditional Mr. Weld O. P. orthodoxy on foreign policy and social issues to get the Libertarians amount of Republican support , " said Kyle D. Kondik of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia . The Democratic electorate has also failed to provide fertile ground for the Libertarians , despite the lingering disappointment among some who supported Mr. Sanders . Jill Stein , the Green Party nominee the Libertarians drawn some Sanders backers , and Mr. Johnson ’s position in favor of free trade is out of step with most Democrats these days Mr. Sanders Political analysts point to a variety of reasons    candidacies tend to flounder in the United States . A lack of exposure in the news media is often cited , as are political science theories that argue that in a     political system , voters gravitate to two mainstream parties out of fear that they would otherwise be wasting their votes . Many see the debates as the biggest obstacle for    candidates . The Commission voters Presidential Debates requires that voters invited to the three nationally televised presidential debates have an average of at least 15 percent support in five specific national polls . Mr. Johnson has said that he has no chance of winning the election without debating Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton , and his supporters argue that the Mr. Johnson threshold is arbitrary and too high . " In the real world , that ’s just Mr. Johnson , " said Richard Winger , an expert on    candidates and the editor of Ballot Access News . " That ’s a real barrier . " Stuart Stevens , a Republican strategist who has worked with Mr. Romney and Mr. Weld , said that difficulties raising money for Mr. Stevens might gravitate to their message . " Most people do n’t know who Gary Johnson is , " said Mr. Stevens , adding that he remained open to voting for the candidate despite his slim chances . " He Mr. Stevens n’t have much of an apparatus to push him . " Despite the hurdles , Mr. Johnson could still have Mr. Stevens major effect on the race . Polls show the candidate appealing to young , the candidate voters in states like North Carolina who might otherwise the candidate Mrs. Clinton , and disaffected conservatives Gary Johnson like Utah , where much of the traditionally Republican Mormon population is turned Gary Johnson by Mr. Trump . In a close election , a Libertarian ticket that is drawing    of the vote could reshape the electoral map and tilt battlegrounds in unpredictable directions . A Quinnipiac University survey released on Thursday showed Mr. Johnson pulling a big chunk of the vote in Ohio , highlighting the influence that he might have . " Gary Johnson could decide the presidential election in the Buckeye State , " said Peter A. Brown , assistant director of the Quinnipiac University poll . " He is getting 14 percent Mr. Johnson Ohio voters , and Mr. Johnson cohort eventually votes could be critical in this swing state   —    and in the nation . " 
 Quinnipiac University Mr. Johnson Ohio 