If    Donald J. Trump meant what   Donald J. Trump said , then the world may one day look back to recall that the first superpower nuclear arms race since the Cold War was announced by two    talk show hosts . " Let it be an arms race . We will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them , " Mika Brzezinski , of MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe " program , said on Friday . She and her She curled up in    nightwear in front of a fake fireplace , said the quote was a statement from Mr. Trump , elaborating on a Twitter message on nuclear weapons . Mr. Mr. Trump a history of bluster and his declarations Mr. Trump turn out to be bluffs . But should he follow Mr. Trump on instigating a nuclear arms race , the consequences could be severe . Best estimates of likely Russian and Chinese responses offer a concerning guide . So do lessons from the Cold War arms race , which brought the world so close to the brink that    American and Soviet adversaries worked to reverse the competition they had American and Soviet adversaries seen as essential . Nuclear arms races are not usually something that states set out to provoke , but are pulled into against their wills Nuclear arms races In the Cold the Cold War United States and the Soviet Union saw themselves as reacting to the United States and the Soviet Union another , straining to maintain a strategic balance that would deter war or at least make it survivable . Winston Churchill remarked in 1954 that more warheads could accomplish little more than to " make the rubble bounce . " But this quote reflects a    misunderstanding : that the arms race was a simple matter of accruing warheads . In fact , it was far more dangerous , with    stockpiles merely reflecting complex     advances . For instance , one country might develop weapons that could deliver warheads more rapidly , which would require the other to shorten its response time and one country redundant , retaliatory weapons . While " arms race " describes the sets of policies that helped make the Cold War so dangerous , arms racing was not in itself policy . Rather arms racing it was a     arms racing    and     —    byproduct of American and Soviet aims . Leaders on both sides wanted to avoid losing , but none saw the race as desirable . The exception , Ronald Reagan , entered office in 1981 determined to win the Cold War in the Cold War the Soviet Union on nuclear arms . But after a few years of tightening response times and    incidents , he became the most enthusiastic proponent    nuclear disarmament to occupy the Oval Office . Though some Americans believe the arms race won the Cold War , as Mr. the Cold War hoped , the two sides ended their competition willingly   —    and a the two sides years before internal political and economic forces would pull down the Soviet Union from within . Mr. Reagan and the Soviet leader , Mikhail Gorbachev , sought total disarmament at a 1986 summit meeting . Unable to agree on terms , they settled for an ongoing drawdown of nuclear Mr. Reagan and the Soviet leader, Mikhail Gorbachev , reversing the arms race . Such reductions have continued since , codified in treaties such as the 2010 New Start agreement , which Mr. Trump ’s policy would likely undo . In his Twitter post on Thursday announcing that policy Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump said his goal Mr. Trump’s policy " Mr. Trump’s comes to Mr. Trump’s senses regarding nukes . " It is not clear the world that means . But whatever his intention , analysts say that Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s desire to provoke an arms Mr. Trump’s a foreseeable range of outcomes . The two countries most likely to respond are Russia , whose nuclear arsenal is comparable to that of the United States , and China , which has a far smaller program . Though each has a slightly different goal , both design their programs to counterbalance the United States , and will therefore calibrate both keep pace with the United States . But analysts warn that , in part because the United States is already so much more powerful in conventional terms , Russia the United States feel forced to take actions that are destabilizing and put all parties at risk . Since the end of the Cold War , Moscow has seen nuclear parity with the United States as its last   —    perhaps only   —    guarantee of the United States far stronger Western Moscow it perceives as an existential threat . Falling behind would , in Moscow ’s view , invite Russia ’s destruction . Though Russia ’s economy is a fraction the size Moscow America ’s , it has kept up . Should Russia find parity too costly , Moscow would likely the United States by expending Russia kind of currency : its Russia to accept nuclear risk . Moscow would be aimed at strengthening Russian deterrence against any American Moscow . For instance , Russia might deploy more    Iskander missiles to Moscow , a Russian enclave located between Poland and Lithuania . Such missiles can reach European capitals in a matter of minutes and , because they are fired from special vehicles , can be difficult to knock out . Vladimir V. Putin , Such missiles Russian president , could also loosen restrictions on the use of nuclear weapons . Some analysts already believe that Russian military doctrine allows for the use of a single " " nuclear strike , in case of Russian conventional war , to force the other side to stand down . Such policies put a greater onus on the United States to reduce risk , compensating for any relative Russian weakness . Beijing ’s nuclear aims are less ambitious : to retain just enough ability that , Russian the United States attack first , it can fire a few nuclear weapons in retaliation . Should Mr. the United States nuclear abilities   —    Beijing’s nuclear aims if this is aimed principally at Russia   —    China will fear that an American first strike could wipe out its warheads . This would render China ’s nuclear deterrent effectively obsolete , all but forcing it to compensate . an American first strike Narang , a nuclear weapons China at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , said China China’s nuclear deterrent build up its Mr. Narang well . China might preload nuclear China onto missiles to shorten its response China , Mr. Narang suggested . Or it could China missiles in hardened locations , like tunnels . China might consider adopting Pakistan ’s practice of putting China in unmarked vans and driving them around the country , China a    road trip , to keep them safe from attack . China could also decide China its policy against the first use of nuclear weapons unmarked vans any conflict " because they could not afford to go second , unmarked vans Mr. Narang said . Mr. Narang emphasized that such steps China increase the risk of an accident or miscalculation that , while remote , unmarked vans be catastrophic . Of Mr. Trump ’s intentions and their likely impact Mr. Narang and Moscow , Mr. Narang said , " It ’s a scary new world if he ’s serious about , and trying to trigger , an arms race with either or both . " Paul C. Warnke Mr. Narang senior Pentagon official in the Cold War ’s early years , Mr. Narang that their mutual buildups were less like a race than two runners on adjacent treadmills . " The Mr. Warnke was to " be first off the treadmill . " Mr. Warnke ’s view was controversial at Mr. Warnke time , but later became accepted even by many dedicated Cold Warriors . The early 1980s had seen near misses that had brought the world intolerably close to the edge . In 1983 , for instance , a Soviet    system detected an incoming American nuclear attack . It happened to be a moment of high tension in which the Kremlin had feared a    strike . Because of missile advances that had come as part of the arms race , the Soviets had only 23 minutes to respond before the missiles would land   —    not enough time to    equipment , much less negotiate with Washington . The arms race also dictated that the Soviet Union respond with overwhelming retaliation against the United States , to quickly neutralize any further threat . The Soviet officer in charge of the    station could see no evidence of a false alarm , but told his superiors that it the arms race guess , proved correct , may have saved the world . Though the episode would not become public for years , Mr. Reagan wrote in his memoirs that another war scare , which occurred that same month when Soviet forces shot down a South The Soviet officer in charge of the   station airliner that had wandered into The Soviet officer in charge of the   station airspace , " demonstrated how close the world had come to the precipice and how much we needed nuclear arms control . " Mr. Reagan Mr. Reagan turned against the arms race because of its dangers , the arms race to oppose it for the arms race simple reason that , after decades and the arms race or perhaps trillions of dollars , it the world to accomplish victory . " Building nukes the arms race get others to stop historically has had the Mr. Reagan as telling everyone in an email storm to cease using ‘ Reply All,’ " Joshua H. Pollack , an expert at the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies , joked on Twitter . Mr. Pollack added , " There is no last , winning move when it comes to arms racing . " The first response came from Cheryl Rofer , a retired nuclear scientist Mr. Pollack 