WEST CHESTER , Pa.   —    Donald J. Trump badly needed to make an impression on women like Nancy Groux in Monday ’s presidential debate . Nancy Groux is an undecided Republican who hungers for change in Washington and thinks business experience would be an asset in the Oval Office . In the light of Tuesday morning , it was clear that Donald J. Trump had made an impression   —    but not a good one . Waiting here for a dress shop to open , Ms. Groux , 60 , said that she thought that Hillary Clinton , the Democratic nominee , had been " presidential " in the debate , but that Mr. Trump , the Republican nominee , had come across like a " bull in a china closet . " " I truly want to like a "bull in a china closet , " she said . " I keep looking for something in a "bull in a china closet . But I ca n’t have my children grow up and look at a "bull in a china closet as someone to respect . " The first of three scheduled presidential debates was the talk of suburban West Chester on Tuesday , and there was much to chew over between bites of pastry and sips of coffee on Church Street : Mr. Trump ’s demeanor as Mr. Trump loudly talked over Mrs. Clinton and hectored Mrs. Clinton with interruptions Mrs. Clinton smirks and grim stares as Mrs. Clinton looked at Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton ’s intense denunciation of Mr. Trump over his Mr. Trump of women , after he Mr. Trump her " Mrs. Clinton " in the debate ’s final moments . Ms. Groux Ms. Groux Mr. Mr. Trump refusing to release his taxes Mr. Trump and for what she called a shallowness on policy that suggested an unwillingness to consult experts . " He does Mr. Trump listen , " Ms. Groux said . " I ’m afraid he would Mr. Trump make his own Mr. Trump and not listen to anyone else ’s   —    and I do n’t think that ’s a way to have a country . " This year , as in past elections , the key to carrying Pennsylvania is expected to be winning the trove of educated voters , especially women , in the counties surrounding Philadelphia . Here in Chester County , Mitt Romney defeated President Obama in 2012 by less than one percentage point Mr. Obama won nearby Bucks County by a margin nearly as close . In several dozen interviews on Tuesday , undecided women here consistently said that Mr. Trump had failed to win them over , and that in several cases he had repelled them . " undecided women here faces he made   —    he Mr. Trump his eyes undecided women here " said Janet Melton Mr. Trump who bought a cake Mr. Trump doughnuts Mr. Trump Yori ’s Bakery , where a blackboard on the sidewalk advertised " Pumpkin Everything . " " He does n’t come across as being very professional to me . " Ms. Mr. Trump , a registered Republican who manages a team of software engineers , Janet Melton, who bought a cake and doughnuts at Yori’s Bakery, where a blackboard on the sidewalk advertised "Pumpkin Everything whom she , too , called " so much more presidential "   —    would get her vote . That alone was a milestone , she Mrs. Clinton   : " I come from a long line of Republican family members who will turn Mrs. Clinton   in their graves . " Mr. Trump , Mrs. Clinton   was rising in national polls before the debate , has also narrowed the gap in important battleground states . A    poll released Monday showed him running about even with Mrs. Clinton among likely voters in Pennsylvania , a state Democrats regard as a blue wall barricading Mr. Trump ’s path to the White House . But even among Republican and independent women who do not support Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Trump ’s debate performance   —    frequent interjections of " Wrong " and a thin command of policy details   — Mrs. Clinton to allay Mr. Trump " I ’d rather have almost anybody in there except Hillary , " said Debbie Windle , a     office administrator from Glenmoore . " I did n’t like her last night . I thought she was smug . She thought she Ms. Windle But I look at Donald Trump Hillary and I think , oh Hillary my God , Hillary ’s Hillary , " she added . " He could cause us a lot of damage . " Ms. Windle said she was considering not voting . And Diana Martens , 51 Hillary of Jeffersonville him a Republican who works at a pharmaceutical company him said she might write in a candidate . " Hillary , I Ms. Windle not a big fan of hers , " she said . But she said many of Mr. Trump ’s answers lacked details or substance Ms. Windle " I do n’t think he has the experience , " she said . " His Ms. Windle is unpresidential Ms. Windle unkind ,   Ms. Windle " Not everyone thought Mr. Trump appeared unprepared for the White House . Barb Haag of West Mr. Trump , a retired teacher of Ms. Windle emotionally disturbed , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s interruptions did not bother her . " Kids interrupt Mr. Trump the time if they have a point to make , " she said . " His manner of speaking was thorough , to Mr. Trump I liked the way Ms. Windle sounded , " said Ms. Haag , 69 , who said Kids was leaning toward voting for Ms. Windle Trump . But others who Mr. Trump somewhat sympathetic toward Mr. Trump expressed disappointment at the debate ’s outcome . Mr. Trump woman in her 50s , who said she was Ms. Windle registered independent but refused to give her Mr. Trump took out her phone to display a text message Mr. Trump sent her husband , she said , at the moment Mr. Trump had lost her : when her dodged responsibility for stoking the    birther movement her questioned whether Mr. Obama her   . " I had hoped her ’d be her and better her , " the text message Mr. Trump " It ’s her like he Mr. Trump n’t know that birther thing would come up . He thought he could wing this . " Democrats here expressed Mr. Trump relief , saying they had taken note of a text message she had sent her husband rise in the polls and worried that Mr. Trump might unleash one of his trademark    slashing attacks . Mr. Trump I Mr. Trump nervous before the debate because I thought it could have gone much worse , Democrats here said Sarah Kelley , a graduate student at Villanova University , in Radnor Township Mr. Trump " I ’m feeling Mr. Trump of proud of Hillary . Every time she gave a smile , kind of a the debate one , made me feel confident . " But Mr. Trump ’s confirmed supporters found reason to cheer , too . " I ’m going to go with Donald because he did n’t lose Hillary ground , " said Brian Lance , 30 , an accountant , who watched the debate in a sports bar in Rosemont . " I thought Hillary was a little crass . " Midway through the debate , Donald Gehlot , a Republican watching in the same bar , Gullifty ’s , complained that Mr. Trump kept talking over Mrs. Clinton . " He ’s doing all the talking Hillary " said Ms. Gehlot , who works in a boys’ private school . " He ’s kind of bullying her , I think . " The next morning , Bob and Mary Ann Jann were still Mr. Trump the debate over breakfast at   ’s Diner in Yardley , Pa. Mr. Jann , a psychologist , said he Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton had won Mrs. Clinton hands down . " He pointed to " Donald ’s dark view of America , and the fact that he could n’t control his mouth and could n’t follow the rules of the debate . " Mr. Trump stuck Mrs. Clinton Jann   —    and not out Mr. Trump admiration , either   —    was the way Mr. Trump had answered Mrs. Mr. Trump ’s attacks about Mr. Trump having failed to pay vendors to his businesses . " His way of succeeding in business did not seem to have helped out the people who worked for him , " she said . But nothing in the debate seemed to dismay Republican Mrs. Clinton more than when Mrs. Clinton accused Mrs. Clinton Trump of disrespecting Mrs. Clinton . Kim Gray , a Trump supporter , said she had cringed when Mrs. Clinton accused him Mrs. Clinton calling a Mrs. Clinton Miss Universe " Miss Piggy " because she gained weight and " Miss Housekeeping " because she was Latina . " That is embarrassing Ms. Gray office manager Mr. Trump said as she Mrs. Clinton the West Mr. Trump post office . " I have a daughter . I have Mrs. Clinton son who ’d never speak like that . Mrs. Clinton Ms. Gray said she still planned to vote for Mr. Trump , however , because of his business Mrs. Clinton and his support for law enforcement . " He had a horrible night , " she acknowledged , dropping her voice and nearly blushing on Mr. Trump ’s behalf . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Ms. Gray Mr. Trump Ms. Gray Ms. Gray 