Hillary Clinton will be " real transparent " with Americans after learning lessons from the controversy over Hillary Clinton use of a private email server , Hillary Clinton running mate , Tim Kaine , said on Sunday , expressing optimism that Hillary Clinton could improve Hillary Clinton trust deficit with voters over the next month . Appearing on NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " Mr. Kaine also said Mrs. Clinton and President Obama would together decide how to proceed with Mr. Obama ’s nomination of Judge Merrick B. Garland to the Supreme Court , if Mrs. Clinton won the presidency in November . Mr. Kaine ’s primary objective on NBC was to help Mrs. Clinton move on from her Mrs. Clinton email imbroglio : her Mrs. Clinton statement last week that the Mr. Comey had called her Mrs. Clinton about her Mrs. Clinton email server " truthful . " Mr. Comey told Congress last month that he could not say if Mrs. Mrs. Clinton lied to Mr. Comey about her email Mrs. Clinton , also saying the F. B. I. had " no basis to conclude she lied Mrs. Clinton the F. B. I. " While Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton Friday the F. B. I. Mrs. Clinton   " by suggesting that Mr. Comey had unconditionally vouched for her , Mr. Mrs. Clinton focused on Mrs. Clinton ’s admission that her use of Mrs. Clinton private server had been a " mistake "   —    a word he repeated four times   —    and said she had apologized Mrs. Clinton the Mr. Kaine . " I know that this is something that she ’s learned Mrs. Clinton , and we ’re going to be real transparent , absolutely , " Mr. Kaine said . Mrs. Clinton made Mrs. Clinton apologies roughly Mrs. Clinton year ago and Mr. Kaine to be more open , yet she was criticized for Mrs. Clinton more than 200 days without holding a formal news conference until Friday , when she took questions from Mrs. Clinton in Washington . Mr. Kaine suggested that more voters might trust Mrs. Clinton " even Mrs. Clinton from now , Mr. Kaine an ABC    Post poll on Sunday in which Mrs. Clinton held an edge Mrs. Clinton over Donald J. Trump , the Republican nominee . Asked which candidate was more honest and trustworthy , 49 percent Mr. Trump percent chose Mr. Trump , while the margin was narrower   —    46 percent to 43 percent   —    among registered voters . Both results were Mrs. Clinton ’s best against Mr. Trump since the poll started asking the question in May , according to a news release accompanying the poll . Mrs. Clinton holds a Mr. Trump eight percentage points among registered voters over all , according to the poll , and has improved the poll    Mrs. Clinton   —    a group that Democrats have struggled to win for decades . But she continued the poll poorly among white men without college degrees . Paul Manafort , Mr. Trump ’s campaign chairman , on Sunday played down the troubles Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump has caused for himself recently with comments at his rallies and interviews , including his attacks on a Gold Star family and his surprising decision to withhold Mr. Trump’s Speaker Paul D. Ryan Mr. Trump’s Senator John McCain for Mr. Trump’s days last week . Mr. Mr. Trump’s said on Fox ’s " Sunday Morning Mr. Trump’s " that the general election was just starting and that Mr. Trump would focus on attacking Mrs. Clinton starting on Monday with an economic Mr. Trump’s in Detroit . " The campaign is a    campaign   —    we ’re at the beginning , " Mr. Manafort said . " Starting Monday , we ’re going to be announcing our economic plan . When we do that , we ’re comfortable that we can get the agenda and the narrative of Monday campaign we on where it belongs , we is comparing the tepid we under Obama and we versus the kind we growth economy that Mr. Trump wants to build The campaign Perhaps Mr. Kaine ’s most surprising comments were about the fate of Judge Garland . He and Mrs. Clinton strongly support Judge Garland ’s nomination to the Supreme Court , but the judge ’s future remains unclear in the    Senate . If the Senate does Mr. Kaine act Clinton Garland , and Judge Garland Judge Garland in January , she would have to decide Judge Garland stick with the choice of Mr. Obama , her close ally the   Senate to pick someone else Judge Garland . Mr. Kaine , who represents Clinton in the Senate , said the fate of Judge Garland " will be for Clinton president and the    to decide , " adding that it was up to Republicans in control of the Senate to bring the nomination to a vote . Asked if it was a 100 percent certainty that Mrs. Clinton would stick with Judge Garland ’s nomination if she were elected , Mr. Kaine sidestepped the question the Senate that the onus was on Republicans to hold a vote and that he would vote in favor of the nomination . On Syria Judge Garland Judge Garland he believed the Mrs. Clinton administration had sent " a mixed message " about whether President Bashar    had to be deposed after crossing Mr. Obama ’s Mr. Kaine red line forbidding Syria to Judge Garland’s nomination weapons . Still , Mr. Mr. Kaine he supported Mr. Kaine administration ’s decision not to focus on ousting or replacing Mr. Assad and instead to concentrate on battling the Islamic State in Obama elsewhere . On CNN ’s Syria State of the Union , " Gov. Mr. Kaine of Ohio Mr. Kaine who challenged the Obama administration the Republican nomination and has refused to endorse him , ruled out voting for Mrs. Clinton in November , Syria some Republicans have said they would do . But asked if he would vote for Mr. Kasich n’t be   —    so I do n’t know what ’s going to happen in the end . Mr. Kaine He also said he did not know if Mr. Trump could win Ohio in November Republicans —    a key state in his electoral strategy   —    if Mr. Trump continued to make controversial comments . " I still think it ’s difficult if you are dividing to be able to win in Ohio , " he said . " I think it ’s really , Mr. Kasich difficult . Mr. Kasich Mr. Kasich also confirmed Mr. Trump report in The New York Times Magazine that one of his aides had Mr. Trump a phone call from the Trump Mr. Trump offer the    slot with a promise that Mr. Kasich could have unusual authority over domestic and foreign policy in a Trump administration . Ohio Mr. Kasich , in his remarks to CNN , it not go into detail and added that he had personally never gotten a call . He added : " I was never interested Mr. Kasich being anyone ’s vice president . Never considered it . Why would I want to be ? I would Mr. Kasich worst vice president . I have too many opinions . " The Trump campaign has Mr. Kasich about the call Mr. Kasich and Mr. Trump has said he never offered the    position to Mr. Kasich Kasich . 
 Mr. Kasich Trump Trump 