There can be days in this presidential campaign , if not weeks or months or maybe the entire thing , where you find yourself completely lost in dueling or blurry realities . It ’s easy to get caught up in whatever is dominating a given moment . Everything gets so big and loud , and the candidates   —    famous to begin with   —    cease to even exist as human beings in front of you . Early this month , I went to Toledo , Ohio , to meet with Hillary Clinton , to sit down with Hillary Clinton for a while and take the measure of Hillary Clinton ordeal . It was five weeks before an unnervingly    Election Day . Every campaign produces candidates declaring that " the most important election of our lifetimes " is at hand . Usually this is true only for the person running ( no doubt 2012 was the most important election of Mitt Romney ’s lifetime ) . But this year ’s stakes feel legitimate . This is not only for the milestone that Clinton ’s election would achieve , and all the cultural Rorschach tests , gender dynamics and political scar tissue embedded within . It ’s because of Donald Trump , an astonishing figure unlike any who has ever come close to assuming power in this country . " Near existential " is how Tim Kaine recently described this campaign , and this campaign did not come off as complete hyperbole . Clinton had a rally scheduled in a    section of Toledo , the northwest Ohio city that ranked as the    economically distressed of this country ’s 100 largest . It is home to many of the struggling white    men who have made Ohio such tough terrain for Clinton and surprisingly fertile for Clinton billionaire opponent . Clinton has trailed consistently in polls here , even though Barack Obama carried Ohio Ohio . I drove through town , passing block after block checkered with Trump signs , listening to screed after screed on talk radio about the malevolence of Obama Barack Obama Clinton , and it the malevolence of Obama and Clinton me into one of those    vortexes where I began to wonder if any Ohioans would be voting for Clinton at all . At the same time , we were in the midst of a stretch in which journalists and political " professionals " had concluded that Trump was in a death spiral . Since tanking in the first debate at Hofstra University a week earlier , the blustering mogul had endured   —    or rather perpetuated   —    a series of    that included a    Twitter assault on a Latina beauty queen ( one of those things you never thought you ’d write during a presidential campaign , and yet it ’d registers a blink ) a few pages of his ’d tax return finding its ’d to The New York Times and the ensuing revelation that Trump had declared a $ 916 million loss , which could have enabled him ’d avoid paying 18 years’ worth of federal taxes . By the time this article went to press , Trump Trump facing a blizzard of new revulsion over a 2005 video obtained by The Washington Post in which the candidate is heard making lewd and lecherous claims about his the candidate of women to the television host Billy Bush . Scores of    Republicans withdrew their Scores of   Republicans , and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan said he Speaker of the House Paul Ryan finished defending Trump and would instead focus on House and Senate races . The G. O. P. seemed as close to the brink of an    civil war as any major party has been in decades , especially this close to an election . Trump Trump plummeted in polls nationwide and in battleground states in the days after the first debate at Hofstra , with the exception of Ohio , where a poll published on the day of the Toledo rally by Quinnipiac University showed Trump Trump Clinton by five points   —    the only state to show Trump Trump   . After Clinton Clinton at an old train station , I was escorted up to an office where she was Clinton an interview for " Good Luck America , " a political news show on Snapchat . The waiting area was arrayed with cushioned chairs , tables and reception desks . It felt like a doctor ’s office . I took a seat next to Dan Schwerin , Clinton ’s Clinton , and Brian Fallon , the campaign ’s national spokesman . Aides kept shuttling in and out of the conference room that housed " H. R. C. , " a longstanding shorthand for the candidate in memos that over time has graduated to a spoken identifier ( " What does H. R. C. think ? ") . As had been the case since the first debate , the mood in the Clinton orbit Clinton buoyant . Fallon mentioned that he wished Fallon bad Trump stories could be spread out a little bit , allowing voters to hold and fully savor each in turn , rather than being    them day voters day . After a few minutes , another press aide , Nick Merrill , popped his head another press aide, Nick Merrill of the conference room ,    in my direction and said the doctor would see me now . I had not talked to Clinton in person for more than a year . She was Clinton and animated , but her eyes Clinton heavy , and she appeared Clinton worn down , no doubt still feeling some lingering aftereffects of pneumonia . In the same way that presidents seem to age eight years for every four they spend presidents the White House , you can see the toll this campaign has taken   —    the surprising challenge of Bernie Sanders , the email story and F. B. I. investigation and Trump ’s     pelting . She sat Clinton next to me at a conference table , slumped back in a swiveling desk chair . Her contempt Clinton Trump was Trump from the outset , far more intense than it appears Her contempt for Trump in speeches and debates . It went well beyond the competitive fervor with which one    candidate tends to speak about another . " It does feel much different , " she said Clinton " If I were running against another Republican , we ’d have our disagreements we do n’t get me wrong , and I would be trying to make my case vigorously . But I would n’t go to bed at night with a knot in the pit of my stomach . " She enunciated Clinton T Clinton ( " knoT in the piT " ) as if she were Clinton out the words . " I had the opportunity to meet a lot of presidents over the years , " Clinton said . " I ’ve had my disagreements with them . the opportunity to meet a lot of presidents over the years I never doubted for a nanosecond that they got the opportunity to meet a lot of presidents over the years every morning trying to figure out what was the best path forward for the country . " At least , she added Clinton " they were the opportunity to meet a lot of presidents over the years people . " That sense of high moral purpose is evident throughout the campaign . Whenever I visited Clinton ’s Clinton in Brooklyn , the youthful energy and confidence of the staff was leavened by a detectably uneasy undercurrent . Either they are the opportunity to meet a lot of presidents over the years elect the first female president , assuring her place Clinton history , or they will the opportunity to meet a lot of presidents over the years the people who lost to Donald Trump . " There is a dread that people have about what it would actually mean if he were to actually be elected , " John Podesta , Clinton ’s campaign chairman , told me . As much as Obama ’s team and supporters wanted to see the president    in 2012 , Podesta said , John Podesta they did n’t Obama’s team and supporters that the country was going to fall into the abyss if Mitt Romney was president of the United States . " Given that , I asked Clinton if Nov. Clinton scared her . " Clinton , not really , " she said slowly Clinton I clarified that I was talking about the prospect of her losing . Clinton knew what Clinton was talking about . " I ’m not going to lose , " she said . Clinton shot me Clinton knowing grin . This is the standard politician ’s answer when asked to contemplate defeat   —    even candidates who are down 30 points   —    but Clinton seemed to mean it . " I do n’t go there , " Clinton said . Clinton is such an unnerving figure , partly because in getting this far he has already Trump so many predictions , largely on the strength of his ability to Trump the media fun house . This has been the enduring , defining characteristic of the race . His mania for Trump seen and heard and mentioned has proved exceptionally well suited , maybe codependent , to the current age . To Trump , ubiquity Trump power and success , and at least until recently that equation held true . His ability during Trump Republican primaries to talk , tweet or insult his way into Trump middle of seemingly every news cycle reinforced the notion that he was simply Trump than the rest of those politicians . He believed that Trump extent of most people ’s discernment was what they chose to most people their screens with most people —    that it almost did n’t matter if it made them it the most people of him or , Trump , Mexicans . He barely bothered Trump policy papers or major " issue " speeches or    discussions . Cable would never have covered that anyway , certainly not live . People would grow bored . He was always Trump about how boring Clinton was , especially Clinton substantive    debates against Sanders . For Trump Trump boring is the worst . It is disgusting . It is the It . Trump Trump a grand and nostalgic slogan , " Make America Great Again , " easily the most recognizable campaign calling card since " Yes We Can . " When I talked to Clinton , Clinton told me how pleased Clinton was with Clinton own slogan , " Stronger Together . " Clinton was especially proud of how it came out of a deliberative process : grinding out ideas and really figuring out what it was Clinton wanted to stand for . I mentioned that it hardly rolls off the tongue , sounding more like a CrossFit slogan than a rallying cry . " It ’s clunky , but it works , It I said , and Clinton nodded . " It works , It Clinton said with a hint of defensiveness , " in part because I really believe it , O. K. ? How do we get people to overcome these barriers ? " Clinton has worked closely with ( and married ) some of the most gifted orators and " explainers " of recent political memory   —    Obama , Obama and Bill . All three are deft at relaying big themes and small narratives alike . Clinton , for Clinton part , is stubbornly cautious and on script , banking on the notion that    concerns of voters and tangible benefits of Clinton proposals will win out in the end over spectacle . " At the end of the day , people are going to vote on Nov. 8 , " Nov. 8 me . " And like it or not , issues will actually be part of governing . " Clinton approach does n’t make for the best TV , but Clinton years in public life have made Clinton wary of any exposure , especially when Clinton does not control it . Scrutiny is dangerous Her approach and disclosure is rarely rewarded . If Trump Trump the media as a vehicle to express his Trump d , Clinton is all superego . Clinton has been happy to leave that field to him Trump even if it makes Clinton boring , that field even ignored . The Clintons have fully inhabited the    revolutions of the last four decades . Clinton ’s campaigns for governor of Arkansas were relatively simple ,    and stable productions , conducted via traditional television , news radio and print outlets . But from the moment the Clintons went national in the The Clintons , their ambitions have met    with a The Clintons of transformative new    adversaries . His presidency was the first to suffer a sustained assault from conservative talk radio , particularly in its first term , when Rush Limbaugh His presidency establishing himself as the most the television host Billy Bush Monica Lewinsky His and Clinton ’s subsequent impeachment were driven His by revelations on Clinton new website , the Drudge Report , and covered exhaustively by the emerging force that cable news was becoming . Hillary Clinton first presidential run in 2008 was badly outmaneuvered by Obama ’s campaign Bill Clinton’s to master the internet as an organizing Obama outreach and    tool the race current Clinton has been deft in using    tools as a way of reaching supporters , disseminating opposition research and occasionally engaging with Trump . But for the most part , the dizzying Trump level of scrutiny and saturation made possible by the digital age only made Clinton retreat further into caution . When I spoke to her Clinton the Fourth of July weekend in 2015 in New Clinton , Clinton had clearly been thinking about the impact of new technology Clinton human development and how people communicate . We were talking about mental health and substance abuse , two issues that a lot of voters in New Hampshire were raising with her . She described a meeting with a group that had Clinton online New Hampshire . One woman predicted to her that a big challenge in mental health over the coming Clinton would be " how to undo the damage that the internet has caused young people . " It ’s striking to me now that Clinton ’s Clinton interest in these new media technologies was not so much as a political One woman but as a policy concern for the citizenry . Clinton described " the insidious , pernicious comparisons " that online Clinton can foster in young people , and the temptation to " put out an identity online before it ’s ever formed " in real life . Thinking about this exchange 14 months later , after what an identity like a generation ’s worth of lines crossed and taboos shattered , her concern seems strangely prescient . Trump , of course , Clinton shares and feeds his audience ’s addiction to stimuli and entertainment . Early in the campaign , during the Republican primaries , he would pretty this campaign yes to anyone who wanted to put the Republican primaries or in a magazine . He was his in reaching out to reporters , lobbying for coverage . He his be undeniably fun and , to a his , seductive . My first encounter with Trump , more than a his ago , came in Trump unsolicited note that said simply , " Mark , It ’s Time for a Cover ! " Clinton , on the other hand , proceeds with immense caution Clinton When we first spoke last July , she agreed to our meeting on the maddening proposition that we Clinton it off the record . I went along , reluctantly , as it we my only entree ( she agreed we to put parts of it on the record Clinton . Her hesitancy to give interviews and allow media access has barely Clinton over time . When I asked the record , Clinton ’s     campaign manager , how his candidate had adapted Clinton the insane rules of engagement that Clinton campaign has " normalized " ( to use a 2016 buzzword this campaign essentially said that she had n’t . " Hillary approaches Clinton campaign through the Clinton of wanting to fix problems , " Mook this campaign . " And so politics for her is Clinton first and foremost , not an exercise in communicating to the masses . It ’s about finding the right solution and then going after it . " Clinton is , in other words , the   . She Clinton not a political novelty , nor is she especially Clinton the right solution a media personality or in front of Clinton groups . She and her campaign know this and have been smart about Clinton pretending Clinton . Trump ’s big shadow and outrage machine have even allowed her to become slightly and perhaps blissfully Trump to fade , Clinton not into obscurity , at least into a background that cuts the glare of the scrutiny to which she has been so averse . In a sense , she Clinton daring voters to study her positions , listen to Clinton answers and not look to Clinton for entertainment or emotional Clinton . In 2016 , that Clinton seem almost risky . " I ’ve laid out all of these policies , and look , people kind of made fun of it , because ‘ Oh , there she goes with another policy,’’u2009 " Clinton told me . " Clinton ’m trying to run a Clinton that presents an alternative case . " It ’s telling that a candidate with the name recognition , résumé and baggage of Hillary Clinton Clinton left to present her campaign as Clinton " alternative case . " " My husband and I laugh sometimes about the ‘ Antiques Roadshow,’’u2009 " Clinton told me , her campaign the PBS show about antique appraisers Clinton she watches devoutly Clinton " Sometimes we feel like we are the antiques on a roadshow when it comes to politics . " I started traveling with the Clinton campaign this Labor Day , supposedly the we unofficial kickoff to Clinton general election . " In every election season , political geniuses are always identifying seemingly random events , like some cattle call in Iowa , and declaring them to be " unofficial kickoffs . " But Labor Day had the genuine feel that a switch was being flipped inside the Clinton campaign . Clinton political geniuses unveiling a new plane , a white and powder this campaign slightly resembled the old Pan Am jets . A " Stronger Together " slogan adorned the side , with a    " H " logo painted across the tail . Consigned to the back was the traveling press . Like most    corps , Clinton ’s comprises an aggressive bunch of mostly    reporters , camera Clinton network " embeds " charged with tracking everything remotely newsworthy that a candidate might do on a given day . They are descendants of the " Boys on the Bus " generation , whom Tim Crouse made famous in his unforgiving account of " pack journalism " as it existed camera people and network "embeds" the 1972 presidential campaign . Today ’s pack is distinct in fundamental ways : There are many more women and minorities in the group ( as in , there are more than almost none ) there is considerably less drinking , and no one smokes and while reporters 40 years ago paid their dues and scrapped like hell to cover a presidential campaign , many of today ’s cast members are in their first journalism jobs . They are competitive but collegial reporters 40 years ago Their tech savviness is astounding ( actually it made me scared ) . It ’s easy to see why cast members    enterprise like the cast members campaign might be terrified of cast members army of smartphone dynamos who are Their tech savviness dying to tweet this campaign cough Their tech savviness the candidate was popping ( Halls , yellow ) . By Sept. 5 , Clinton had gone 275 consecutive days without holding a news conference . With Clinton campaign now unofficially kicked a candidate it was time for her to tend to this pesky constituency . Shortly before the plane left Clinton County in New York for Cleveland , where she would be holding a Labor Day rally , Clinton made her way Clinton the press section in the rear of the Clinton . Clinton or so reporters maneuvered themselves over chairs , armrests and one another to capture this " casual " hello for posterity . " I was just waiting for this the plane " she said , deploying the kind Forty or so reporters slightly nervous icebreaker you might use Clinton a doctor before a colonoscopy . " I ’m thrilled , " she continued . " No , really . I wanted to welcome you Clinton the plane . I think it ’s pretty cool , do n’t you ? " When no one spoke up to answer , the candidate jumped in herself . " You ’re supposed to the plane , " she said Clinton The Labor Day rally took place in a mostly    Clinton of Cleveland , where a candidate joined by her running mate , Tim Kaine . He spoke Clinton a few minutes Clinton and then Clinton came out to Clinton everyone a happy Labor Day . " We Cleveland trying to figure out where we could be , " Clinton said . " And we all said , ‘ Let ’s go Clinton Cleveland ! ’’ u2009 " It went downhill from there . Clinton unleashed a few coughs between We , which soon degenerated into a Clinton fit . We to continue her We , We if Cleveland wisely in hindsight Clinton Kaine should have Clinton the mike for a few minutes while Clinton recovered . She popped lozenges and gulped water . In a different Clinton climate , Clinton pundit might identify the coughing fit as potentially " humanizing " or , at worst , " bad optics . " But 2016 is not much for humanity . You could sense dread in the crowd   —    and see cringing eyes among the Clinton staff   —    over what would become of this moment . Clinton is your brain on Trump . He had been suggesting for weeks that Clinton was not in good health , a conceit stoked by a Greek Clinton Trump the internet and a few    " medical experts " on cable ( paging Dr. your brain on Trump ) . The coughing fit was all over TV that afternoon and inspired a screaming Drudge headline about Clinton ’s " violent coughing fit . " Clinton ’s trachea cleared well Clinton her to get through the Cleveland speech Clinton had become clear in this new Clinton of the race was that she would be devoting big parts of her events to ridiculing Trump more methodically than Clinton had before . But Trump , her speech , is also a Clinton foil . People inside the Trump orbit mourn the familiar shirts and skins of Trump up against a more conventional Clinton nominee . They dealt in familiar Republican themes and operated within certain boundaries . You hear a surprising amount of Romney nostalgia : Several Clinton aides I spoke to brought him up in almost wistful terms , as well Clinton John McCain and George People inside the Clinton orbit Bush . They are now fondly recalled as familiar predators in the political habitat , like the characters from that old cartoon " Ralph Wolf and Sam Romney . " Ralph and Sam show up to work , punch the clock and greet each John McCain and George W. Bush amiably before starting their daily game   —    Ralph trying to corral sheep while Sam thwarts him . Each episode ends with the adversaries punching out their timecards and bidding farewell to each other until the next installment . It goes without saying that Ralph and Sam people are supporting Trump because Ralph ’re tired of Ralph and Sam and Ralph the same old cartoon animals . They ’re ready Each episode a bigger , badder Trump to deport all the sheep and then slap his name in gold on the side of the barn many people They ’re dying Ralph watch Sam show . Back on Hill Force One , many people made another visit to the press cabin , this time for an official " Clinton "   —    or did it count as a news conference many people which would officially end her    drought ? This set off a debate among the press corps and campaign Clinton until eventually it was agreed upon that yes , this counted as a formal " availability " session with the press , or " avail , " as it is known in the bubble . Breaking news : drought over . Clinton revealed in This session that she had increased her intake of antihistamine . She Clinton in greater depth about her Clinton , which Clinton a pointed    question this " Madam Secretary , is Clinton pollen ? ") a broader one about whether she a formal "availability" session with the press, or "avail," as it is known in the bubble about all the    conspiracy theories ( " There are so many Clinton I ’ve lost track " ) and another about whether she thought these health rumors were sexist ( " Hmm , interesting " ) . Clinton she is asked questions that touch on possible sexism and double standards , Clinton tends Clinton assume a slow , sarcastic and vaguely disdainful voice . She declared Clinton topic " interesting " she would " leave it to others " Clinton determine . On whether she is Clinton treated differently as a female candidate , Clinton suggested that it would Clinton a great topic , in the future , for Clinton a lot of Ph . D. theses and popular journalism writing . " She then wrapped things up , disappeared behind her curtain and left us to our Clinton popular journalism writing . " The flight Clinton to Westchester was marred by a    incident . A few of the reporters in the back started engaging in an old traveling    high jinks of rolling an orange up the aisle us an attempt to reach the candidate ’s seat . The tradition dates at least to the Reagan years , and supposedly counted Nancy as a fan . In some iterations , the reporters would write out a question on the orange that the candidate might reward with an answer . This particular evening , the appointed citrus was a clementine , and a young TV embed scrawled out the question : Would Clinton rather the reporters with Trump or a candidate ? After a few failed rolls Clinton the fruit suffered a violent collision with a seat leg that Citrus Trump my laptop . Finally , one reporter successfully propelled the a question on the orange that the candidate might reward with an answer the candidate ’s sanctum up front . A few minutes later , it came back with " Putin " circled . Juicy . Next stop , Twitter : " Clinton Prefers Putin as Dining Partner to Trump . " But wait a minute . Clinton Clinton people thought a clementine off the record . Citrus is classified ! Clinton argument ensued . Trump Anand , an affable young campaign Vladimir Putin assigned to " wrangle " the traveling press corps , looked stricken . Vladimir Putin engaged in a somewhat plaintive discussion behind me with Monica Alba , a campaign reporter for NBC ( " Varun , you have no case , " she said ) . Anand then summoned some muscle in the person of the more senior press babysitter , Nick Merrill , who strolled back unto Varun Anand, an affable young campaign aide assigned to "wrangle" the traveling press corps breach . " O. K. so I Juicy back here a few minutes ago , and everyone was laughing and throwing an orange around , " Merrill said , assessing the situation . " And now I come back again , and suddenly everyone is really tense . " Correct . In any case , Merrill clarified that the clementine had not actually reached Clinton , but rather he picked it up first and read the question aloud . Clinton which Clinton remarked that she had once eaten dinner with Putin . Merrill then circled " Clinton " and Clinton back the clementine . Everyone tweeted out Merrill ’s Merrill . The a clementine Merrill headed back to the front cabin and , Anand he the clementine had not actually reached Clinton my seat , said , " I ca n’t wait to read four paragraphs of this stupidity in your Vladimir Putin story Merrill " Clinton recently Vladimir Putin a rally crowd in a clementine that her many years in Merrill the press cabin toll on her . " Merrill ’ve Clinton up some defenses , " she said Merrill in Clinton line that was , for her ,   . " Clinton it comes to public service , " she said Clinton " I ’m better at the service part than the public part Clinton " Clinton has thought a great deal about the isolation that public life can foster . Clinton can even be exacerbated by new technology tools   —    like smartphones   —    that can theoretically nurture connections but can also depersonalize encounters between citizens and public figures . Outside her plane after a speech in Tampa , Fla. a few days earlier , Clinton Clinton for a few minutes under a wing to chat and take pictures with Clinton photographers in her press entourage . This produced a classic      scene : Clinton posing for pictures Clinton the photographers who normally photograph her , while the rest Clinton her media contingent stood along the stairs photographing her Clinton for photos with her photographers Clinton In her conversation with the photographers , Clinton talked about how the Clinton of " selfies Clinton has transformed her encounters with Clinton . She was always adept at drawing quick connections with people Clinton met on rope lines Clinton Even in the briefest of exchanges , they would Clinton her their stories . I had observed Clinton in many rope lines her photographers years Clinton and I can attest that she Clinton effective in those settings , though not at the level of her    Clinton of a husband . I watched her during the Democratic primaries in Clinton as she greeted a crowd of Even in the briefest of exchanges in Clinton , Even in the briefest of exchanges Va. One woman described to Clinton a litany of her life ’s struggles in the space of a few seconds Clinton her husband ’s diabetes , their lack of health insurance ) the candidate nodded through squinted eyes , signed an autograph on a napkin and hugged the woman , who walked away in tears . " I got a lot out of these short meetings , holding One woman ’s hand , having a candidate me about their problems , addiction One woman losing a job , diabetes Clinton told me when I spoke to her in Toledo . " I thought of Clinton like an ongoing educational experience . Clinton She misses that , she said , because now such encounters are driven by one Clinton goal : the Clinton . " It ’s a loss , hand Clinton said . She understands why people want selfies . " It makes my time Clinton the event Clinton them real . Put it on Facebook , and show it to everyone who follows them on Instagram , everyone they can reach . " She prefers the handwritten notes she used to get a lot more of , everything Clinton little scraps of paper Clinton    stacks of   . They all bore the script of individual Americans wanting people tell her about It lives . Clinton told me It story from when Chelsea people 5 Clinton She heard people parents Clinton Reagan ’s    visit in May 1985 to a German Clinton cemetery Clinton Bitburg , the final resting home of many Nazi soldiers . Chelsea , whose favorite movie then was " The Sound of Music , " asked for her They all ’s help in writing a letter to the White House . Reagan Dear Clinton Reagan , " it began . " I ’ve seen ‘ The Sound of Music.’ The Nazis are not nice people . Do n’t go to their cemetery Chelsea " Reagan went to Bitburg Chelsea received no response . After Bill Clinton was elected , his wife vowed that every letter Reagan White Clinton especially from a child Clinton would receive a response . I have no idea how well they actually executed on this , but Clinton was making a bigger point Reagan , about The Nazis importance of connection and the sharing Chelsea in a political world overrun by snapshots , caricatures , fragmentation and reality distortion . " This sounds a the White House say , but it ’s like an evolutionary development , right ? " Clinton told me . Your communities should begin small , she said , in terms that Clinton echoed those set out in her 1996 book , Clinton It Takes a Village . " You form identities in your Clinton , she said , and then in your neighborhood and in wider communities . " It was This person to person , and you learned to deal with people , for better or worse , " she said . She contrasted this with modern    cultures . People use the terms " Clinton " and Clinton followers " to describe people they have never met , whose identities they think they know but may not even be real . " And you are having emotional and intellectual experiences , " Clinton said , " that are unlike anything that ’s ever happened in the entirety of Clinton history . " Like the culture it is playing out in , this presidential campaign has existed in a racing People of flash images and snap judgments People Personal People get lost , while a candidate ’s can become warped through the vertigo . We might be as interconnected as ever but starved for connections , Clinton says . Trump , perhaps tellingly , is not much for hearing voters’ stories . Clinton rarely does retail stops and hates shaking hands . He tweets at all hours and Trump watches himself on television . He is in so many ways the Trump . At the end of our conversation in Toledo Trump I asked Clinton if she thought the Trump sowed and fissures Trump in the course of this campaign Clinton make Clinton United States an even harder country to govern . " No , we face some hard choices , " she began , and I immediately smirked   —    " Hard Choices " was the Clinton of her 2014 memoir Toledo her years as secretary of state , and I figured she was Clinton into huckster and Clinton mode . But this presidential campaign veered in a direction Clinton surprised me . " There are some difficult trends , Clinton are not primarily political , " Clinton told me . " They are more cultural , psychological , and we just have Clinton deal with them . " Earlier she had mentioned the 1985 book " Amusing Ourselves to Death , " by Neil Postman Clinton about how television has oriented politics more and more toward entertainment . She also cited the historian Christopher Lasch , the author of " The Culture of Narcissism Clinton " The authors , she said , " were trying to come to grips , before the They , trying Clinton understand what was happening in our society , we we are experiencing a level of alienation , disconnectedness . " She told me that her primary objective as president would be to encourage connectedness , to Clinton actual conversations . Clinton has always preferred to build narratives from a granular level : start with details and Clinton a message to emerge more slowly . In college in the late 1960s , she resisted revolutionary change in our of grinding out incremental progress inside the system . She Clinton no patience for messianic rhetoric and hyperbolic slogans and grandiose speeches . It can Clinton her an awkward fit in this campaign environment , harder to break through and determinedly not Clinton . But Clinton said that the key to building connectedness lies in a leader ’s ability to knit Clinton a sense of common destiny from the ground up . " It requires real storytelling , " she said . " And I think as president , I can tell that story . Clinton ’s harder as a candidate . " I had often heard the exact opposite . In Obama ’s first term , his aides lamented that it was much easier to tell stories and drive a message in a campaign context than from the White House . As president , they said , you are constantly reacting to things and a story from when Chelsea was 5 the mercy a story from when Chelsea was 5 events   —    " governing in prose , " as opposed to " campaigning in poetry , " to adapt the old line from Obama Cuomo . Clinton envisions a model more suited to her skills and comforts . It also could portend Clinton the White House of president   Clinton    without the his aides themes of Barack Obama , the moral certainty of George W. Bush or the explanatory clarity of Bill Clinton . Can Hillary Clinton do a better job inspiring people from the White House Clinton has from the Clinton ? Would it become easier or harder to do without Trump around Clinton embody everything she has ever opposed and scare the daylights out of her base ? " Do n’t blow this Clinton Obama Clinton hears most often these Trump , Clinton told me , or variations thereof . As it has Clinton out , Clinton , who began the White House on breaking the last barrier   —    the glass ceiling   —    has Clinton her most compelling rationale in her own role as a barrier , a bulwark against the impossible alternative Clinton As I was leaving Clinton interview , she smiled , looked me in the eyes and left me with a casual reminder . " As Clinton ’ve told people , " she said , " I ’m the last thing standing between you and the apocalypse . " 
 Clinton 