( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Hillary Clinton ’s diagnosis of pneumonia has grounded Hillary Clinton for a few days and shifted the focus of the presidential race to the candidates’ health . Mrs. Clinton , 68 , and Donald Trump , 70 , have promised to release more detailed information from Mrs. Clinton, 68, and Donald Trump, 70 doctors . The issue is n’t just Mrs. Clinton, 68, and Donald Trump, 70 state of vigor but whether Mrs. Clinton, 68, and Donald Trump, 70 operate with more insularity than transparency . Donald Trump also demanded that Mrs. Clinton apologize for calling some of his Donald Trump " deplorables " and released an ad showcasing the remarks on national cable and in four battleground states . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . President Obama will veto a bill that would allow the families of victims of the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks to sue Saudi Arabia for any role in the plot , the White House said . Since both the House and Senate passed the legislation with majorities , the President Obama face the first veto override of his presidency President Obama He also President Obama with congressional leaders , above , to discuss measures needed to finance the government after the fiscal year ends on Sept. 30 , since lawmakers have not agreed on a budget . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . The U. N. secretary general , Ban    is racing to get the Paris climate agreement into effect   —    possibly even before the U. S. election . The pact goes into force when 55 countries representing at least 55 percent of global emissions formally sign on , conditions that are more than halfway met . The world ’s three largest emitters   —    the U. S. China , above and Brazil   —    are on board . This year is shaping up to be the third consecutive hottest on record , and some scientists warn that the oceans’ ability to absorb excess heat has masked the scale of the problem . These graphics the oceans’ ability to absorb excess heat has masked the scale of the problem the issues . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . The N. C. A. A. made a surprise announcement : All its championships are The N. C. A. A. moved from North Carolina for this academic year because the state passed North Carolina group said violated the civil rights of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people . The N. B. The N. C. A. A. February ’s    Game from Charlotte , and stars like Bruce Springsteen and Itzhak Perlman have canceled concerts in the state . _ _ _ _ North Carolina . Florida ’s offer of free Zika testing for pregnant women has increased rather than decreased their anxieties . That ’s because so many pregnant women that state labs are overwhelmed , and the wait for results can stretch to six weeks , complicating already difficult decisions about possibly terminating pregnancies . Above , workers went door to door to take blood samples . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Colin Kaepernick , above right , and his teammate Eric Reid knelt during the national Colin Kaepernick before the San Francisco 49ers played their first game of the season against the Colin Kaepernick, above right, and his teammate Eric Reid Angeles Rams ( 10:20 p. m. Eastern , ESPN ) . Kaepernick ’s refusal to stand for the anthem to protest racial injustice has emboldened the national anthem before the San Francisco 49ers other teams   —    and in other sports   —    to make their own symbolic gestures of dissent . Such moves have been rare , in part because athletes are often preoccupied with team morale and financial and branding issues . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . If you ’re forever playing    our television experts can speed you along . Their list of the best shows that emerged over our television experts summer includes some of contenders for Emmys on Sunday , including the documentary series " O. J. : Made in America " ( ESPN ) . There ’s also " Stranger Things , " above , an oddly straightforward horror story set in 1983 . Our experts also suggest a few newbies , like Amazon ’s promising pilots " I Love Dick " and the reboot of " The Tick . " _ _ _ _ _ 8 . Feel whipsawed by the shift in the last few years from demonizing fat for health problems to blaming sugar ? Historical documents discovered by a researcher show that the sugar industry paid several Harvard scientists in the 1960s to play down the link between sugar and heart disease and promote saturated fat as the culprit instead . " They were able to derail the discussion about sugar Historical documents discovered by a researcher show that the sugar industry paid several Harvard scientists in the 1960s to play down the link between sugar and heart disease and promote saturated fat as the culprit instead decades , " said a medical professor who helped bring the case to light . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . The Syrian    called for in an agreement by the U. S. and Russia had an uneven start . Violations were reported in the north and south of the country shortly after it went into effect . Russia coincided with Eid    the Muslim Feast of the Sacrifice , which commemorates a story central to Judaism , Christianity and Islam : Abraham ’s willingness to sacrifice his son at God ’s behest . One Syrian activist Abraham pessimistic that the    would make any difference in the conflict , posted on Facebook : " and they gathered like sheep in front of the guillotine . Facebook _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Millions of people are flowing over    paths in Saudi Arabia for the annual hajj . One of them is our Mideast reporter Diaa Hadid , and she Millions of people sending dispatches , videos and photos to help our Mideast reporter Diaa Hadid the pilgrimage for   . There are little prayer counters , like spiritual Fitbits shopping sprees ritual haircuts and moments of great kindness , like being sprayed under a sweltering sun with the last ounces of water from strangers’ bottles . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , this may hearten many Medicare beneficiaries : Claims for skilled nursing , home health care or outpatient therapy are not supposed to be rejected just because a patient has ceased to improve . In fact , a federal judge has ordered supervisors to do a better job of making that clear to health care providers and claims adjudicators . The actual rule is that Medicare must approve such services when they are " necessary Medicare maintain the patient ’s current Medicare or prevent or slow further deterioration . " _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Your Evening Briefing Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s the Weekend Briefing . What did you like ? What do you Your Evening Briefing here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 