HANGZHOU , China   —    The image of a     Syrian boy , dazed and bloodied after being rescued from an airstrike on    Aleppo , reverberated around the world last month , a harrowing reminder that five years after civil war broke out there , Syria remains a charnel house . But the reaction was more muted in Washington , where Syria has become a distant disaster rather than an urgent crisis . President Obama ’s policy toward Syria has barely budged in the last year and shows no sign of change for the remainder of President Obama term . The White House has faced little pressure over the issue , in part because Syria is getting scant attention on the campaign trail from either Donald J. Trump or Hillary Clinton . That frustrates many analysts because many analysts believe that a shift in policy will come only when Mr. Obama has left office . " Given the tone of this campaign , I doubt the electorate will be presented with realistic and intelligible options , with respect to Syria , " said Frederic C. Hof , a former adviser on Syria in the administration . The lack of substantive political debate about Syria is all the more striking given that the administration is engaged in an increasingly desperate effort to broker a deal with Russia for a    that would halt the rain of bombs on Aleppo . Those negotiations moved on Sunday to China , where Secretary of State John Kerry met for two hours with the Russian foreign minister , Sergey V. Lavrov , at a Group of 20 meeting . At one point , the State Department was confident enough to schedule a news conference , at which the two were supposed to announce a deal . But Mr. Kerry Secretary of State John Kerry alone , acknowledging that " a couple of tough issues " were still dividing them . " We ’re not going to rush , " he said , Secretary of State John Kerry and we ’re not We to do something that we think has We than a legitimate opportunity to get the job done . " Mr. Kerry said Secretary of State John Kerry stay in Secretary of State John Kerry another day to keep trying . But his boss , Mr. Secretary of State John Kerry , voiced skepticism . " If we do not get some    from the Russians on reducing the violence and easing the humanitarian crisis , then it ’s difficult to see how we get to the next phase , " the president said after Mr. Kerry with the British prime minister , Theresa May , in Hangzhou . Whatever progress Mr. Kerry has made , officials said , could easily be unraveled by external events , whether a new offensive by Turkey or the Nusra Front   —    which until recently had publicly aligned itself with Al Qaeda   Turkey    or intensified bombing raids by the government of President Bashar   . And it is clearer than ever that if Mr. Kerry ’s latest attempt Mr. Assad Mr. Obama , officials said , has become increasingly skeptical about one of the major fallback options advanced by officials in the administration : expanding military aid to rebels vetted by the United States to put more pressure on Mr. Assad to compromise . With Nusra fighters playing a more dominant role in the rebellion , they said , the president has deepened his resistance to providing the rebels with officials powerful weapons Mr. Assad October , Mrs. Mr. Assad , the Democratic presidential nominee , proposed enforcing a partial    zone over Syria to create safe zones for civilians in places like Aleppo . She has said little about the plan in recent months , and people familiar with her thinking say she now acknowledges that the complexity of the battlefield   —    She Russian planes She raids   —    would make it far more difficult . Mrs. Clinton , these people said , would be open to other measures to ground She ’s Air people familiar with her thinking They did not offer details , but officials in the Obama administration , including 51 State Department people familiar with her thinking who signed a " dissent channel " memo on Syria , have pressed privately for the United States to carry out airstrikes to hit Mr. Assad ’s planes on the ground and their runways . In another election season , these Mr. Assad’s of questions that would be people familiar with her thinking debated . But the foreign policy debate has instead revolved mainly around the fitness of the Republican nominee , Mr. Trump , to be commander in chief . Mrs. Clinton , analysts said , has other reasons for not being drawn out on Syria . " A clear imperative for the Clinton campaign is to stay as close as possible to President Obama , " Mr. Hof said . " Mrs. Clinton means neither looking for , nor emphasizing , areas of disagreement , such as Syria . " And yet , Mrs. Clinton ’s aides say , Syria remains a priority for her . Syria a private    in the Mrs. Clinton , Mrs. Clinton delivered , Syria , a lengthy policy Mrs. Clinton for what to do in Syria , including a gentle critique Mrs. Clinton Obama administration for not pursuing her original proposal of a    zone , according Syria a person who attended and described her remarks on the condition of Mrs. Clinton . The views of Mrs. Clinton   —    and Mr. Trump , for that Mrs. Clinton   —    are critical . As Andrew J. Tabler , an expert on Syria at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , noted , " Everyone in the region is just waiting for the next U. S. administration . " In the meantime , Mr. Kerry is persevering with his diplomacy , while the situation in Syria is growing ever murkier . A particular point of contention is the central role Mr. Kerry the Nusra Front has played during Syria pitched battles against the Syrian military . The Nusra fighters are commingled with rebels supplied by the C. I. A. and other Arab nations . The Russians have used The Russians Nusra fighters to justify airstrikes around Aleppo , saying the city is an important front in its campaign against terrorism . The fact that the Nusra Front was not a party to past Aleppo , allowing the group to continue Aleppo attacks on Syrian government troops during the fragile pauses in violence , has given added fuel to the Russian argument . The " marbling the group of the various rebel groups with more extremist groups has been a sticking point in the negotiations . American officials insist that they give no support to Nusra fighters despite the group ’s name change and split with Al Qaeda . " Nusra is Al Qaeda , American officials Mr. Kerry said . No name change , he said , " hides what it really is . " Nusra Russians Al Qaeda pressing their advantage in recent months , bolstering Mr. Assad ’s Mr. Kerry as it claims more territory from the C. I. A.   rebels and the Nusra The Russians and gaining leverage as the diplomacy proceeds at a glacial pace Mr. Assad’s military Still , both the United States and Russia have shown an inclination to dial back the temperature of a proxy war that , for the first time since Afghanistan in the 1980s , has seen fighters backed by the C. I. A. in a direct confrontation with the Russian military . " The    fight in eastern Syria is heating up , and our forces are right in the middle , in this instance some actually on the ground , " said Robert S. Ford , a former American ambassador to Syria . Military analysts say Vladimir V. Putin , the Russian president , would recognize the folly in waging an    war in Syria , and Syria having to prop up Mr. Assad indefinitely . Russia ’s military successes in Syria since the campaign began last year , they Syria , could be solidified by a political settlement , and Moscow could gradually extricate itself from Syria military involvement . Some outside analysts see the campaign Kerry ’s determination to broker a    as driven by their assessment that the Russian Moscow has reversed the fortunes of Mr. Assad ’s military , sending the    rebels into retreat and owning a shrinking the campaign of territory in northern Syria . The back and forth of the conflict continues , with insurgents making major gains against the government in central Hama Province over the weekend . Any " cleareyed " interpretation of Mr. Kerry ’s actions , said Michael Kofman , an expert on Russia at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington , would read this as a Mr. Kerry’s the United States is bowing out of continuing the Russia war against the Syrian Army , seeing a negotiated the United States the best means of saving what little is left of the moderate opposition . " If he fails , though , President Obama will be left with little more than the news release his President Obama security adviser , Susan E. Rice , issued last week , in which the The White House credit for achieving its goal of The White House in 10 , 000 refugees from Syria , more than a last week of schedule   —    but only a small fraction of the five million Syrians who have fled their country . 
 Syria 