BEIJING   —    China ’s leaders have been markedly reticent about what kind of leader China’s leaders think Donald J. Trump will be . A pragmatic dealmaker , as Donald J. Trump business background might indicate ? Or a provocateur who tests the ways of statecraft ? By talking on Friday with Taiwan ’s president , Tsai    Donald J. Trump answered that question in stark terms , Chinese analysts said Saturday . Breaking decades of American diplomatic practice , he Donald J. Trump the Chinese government off guard by lunging into the most sensitive of its the Chinese government core interests , the " One China " policy agreed to by President Richard M. Nixon more than four decades ago . " This is a    call for Beijing   —    we should buckle up for a pretty rocky six months or year in the   . S. relationship , " Wang Dong , an associate professor at the School of International Studies at Peking University , said Saturday . " There was a sort of delusion based on overly optimistic ideas about Trump . That should stop . " Chinese leaders covet stability in their Chinese leaders with Washington , and perhaps for that reason , they Chinese leaders allowed fairly rosy assessments of Mr. Trump appear in the    news media . Many of those accounts have depicted the    as a practical operator devoid of ideology , the kind of person China might find common ground with despite his threats person a trade war . In the hope of maintaining a relatively smooth relationship as Mr. Trump Trump administration , Trump will probably take a     attitude despite his phone call Trump Ms. Tsai , said Shi Yinhong , a professor of international relations at Renmin University . Indeed , China ’s first official reaction , from Foreign Minister Wang Yi , was fairly benign   —    though it was firm in reiterating the One China policy , China which the United States formally recognized Beijing as China ’s sole China’s 1978 and broke ties with Taiwan a year later . No American president or    had spoken to a Taiwanese president since then . Mr. Wang blamed Ms. Tsai ’s government for arranging the call . " It wo n’t stand a chance to change the One China policy agreed upon by the international community , " he said . A Mr. Wang statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Saturday , noting that the ministry had filed the Ministry of Foreign Affairs complaint with the United States government , was similar in tone . It urged " relevant A   statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Saturday, noting that the ministry had filed a formal complaint with the United States government, was similar in tone in the U. S. " to " deal with the Taiwan issue in a prudent , proper manner . " China ’s leaders disdain Ms. Tsai , of Taiwan ’s Democratic Progressive Party Taiwan was elected president this year after pledging to wean the island off its economic dependence Taiwan , a Taiwan that won enthusiastic support from younger Taiwanese . China favored her original opponent , Hung China of younger Taiwanese Kuomintang , which has sought closer ties with mainland China . ( Ms. Hung later China of the race . ) Before the election , President Xi Jinping of China met with Ms. Tsai ’s predecessor , China    also of the Kuomintang , in the first encounter between the leaders of the two governments , a rapprochement that Beijing had long sought . Mr. Trump broke a Chinese taboo merely by using Ms. Tsai ’s title . The Chinese state Ms. Tsai’s to the Taiwanese president as the " leader of the Taiwan Mr. Trump to indicate that Beijing regards Taiwan not as a sovereign nation but as Beijing territory to eventually be brought under its control . A basic tenet of the Chinese government is that Chinese territory , where Chiang   ’s forces fled in 1949 after losing Taiwan ’s civil war , will be brought back into the fold . According to Mr. Xi , Taiwan is destined to become an integral part of his    China Taiwan , a vision of an economically successful Communist Mr. Xi astride the world . Mr. Trump ’s phone call also violated China longstanding principle of American policy : that the president does not speak to the head of Taiwan ’s government Mr. Trump selling arms to it . " Interesting Taiwan the US sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept Taiwan congratulatory call , " Mr. Trump said on Twitter after the stunned reaction to his conversation with Ms. Tsai . Though Beijing vehemently protests the arms sales Mr. Trump it also warily acknowledges them as part of    practice . Since the    Washington has signaled to Taiwan that it will not support any military effort to gain independence from China . Taiwan Obama administration ’s last arms sale to Taiwan , in 2015 , was relatively modest   —    consisting of Taiwan missiles , two frigates and surveillance gear , worth $ 1 . 8 billion in total   —    but it still provoked a bitter denunciation from Beijing . Douglas H. Paal , a former director of the American Institute in Taiwan , which represents American interests there , said it would not be Taiwan if the United States sold arms to Taiwan early in the Trump administration . Beijing ’s reaction would depend on Taiwan price tag , the kinds of Beijing and how the administration informed China of the sale , Mr. Paal said . While it the Trump administration precedent , Mr. Trump ’s conversation with Ms. Tsai could be seen in some ways as following a pattern of Republican presidents’ reaching out to Taiwan , although others did not do so before taking office . George W. Bush , for example , was vocal in his support of Taiwan early in his presidency , saying in a television interview that George W. Bush United States Taiwan do " George W. Bush it took " to defend it . His aides said afterward that the comment did not reflect a change in it One George W. Bush policy . By the end of his second term , Mr. Bush had helped to strengthen trade ties between Beijing and George W. Bush through the approval George W. Bush ’s entry into the World Trade Organization . Though Mr. Trump has received generally favorable China in the state news media , some Chinese analysts have expressed irritation with him , and some have suggested that his administration will offer China opportunities to show strength Mr. Trump Yan Xuetong , a professor of Mr. Trump relations at Tsinghua China and a foreign policy hawk , said the overall tenor of the    States relationship in the coming years would depend a great deal on the personal chemistry between Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi . He said China , with its growing military and the    economy in the world , Mr. Xi largely China to act China it liked . " China is increasingly resilient to the United States , " he said China Shen Dingli , China professor of international relations at Fudan University in Shanghai Mr. Xi took a contrarian view of Mr. Trump ’s call with Ms. Tsai : He said it was not a problem because Mr. Trump had yet to take office . ’s call with Ms. Tsai He is a private citizen , " Mr. Trump . But if such contacts continue after Inauguration ’s call with Ms. Tsai , Mr. Shen said , China ’s call with Ms. Tsai end diplomatic relations with the United States . " I would ’s call with Ms. Tsai embassy in Washington and withdraw our diplomats , " he said . " I would be perfectly China to end the relationship . China do n’t know ’s call with Ms. Tsai you are then going to expect China to cooperate on Iran and North Korea and climate change . You are going to ask Taiwan China that ? " 
 