DETROIT   —    First the Obama administration bailed out much of the American auto industry , pulling the American auto industry out of a tailspin . Then the American auto industry reshaped the business , with regulations and policies intended to increase fuel economy , improve safety and add jobs . Now , under    Donald J. Trump , the American auto industry is bracing for another wholesale makeover . Perhaps no the American auto industry be affected in more ways by the new administration than the auto business . That became all the more apparent this week , with Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump Scott Pruitt   —    the Oklahoma attorney general who is a    skeptic and close ally of the oil and gas industry   —    to run the Environmental Protection Agency . The changes under the Trump administration could include possible tariffs that will raise prices on imported vehicles and parts , fewer subsidies for electric cars and policies that discourage automakers from moving products from American factories to Mexico . And any scaling back of    goals by the Trump administration , the Trump administration ’s climate change skepticism and embrace of fossil fuels translates to policy , could also influence the types of vehicles the industry plans to build in coming years   —    and where it builds them . Bigger models the industry sport the types of vehicles the industry plans to build in coming years   vehicles and pickup trucks are less    than cars but more profitable for automakers . And their steeper price tags can help Bigger models like sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks for the higher labor costs of making them in the United States . Bigger models like sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks a move that underscored the new psychology since Mr. Trump ’s election , Ford Motor   —    which had been a target of his criticism   —    in Mr. Trump’s decided to keep building a Lincoln S. U. V. in Kentucky rather than Mexico . And yet , for a    industry that routinely makes billion dollar bets on new factories and products , the uncertainty is unnerving . " Our membership is just perplexed right now , " said Gloria Bergquist , vice president for public affairs for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers , which represents a dozen carmakers , including General Motors , Ford , Volkswagen and Toyota , on safety and environmental issues . " This is all uncharted territory . " Mr. Trump ’s campaign was studded with promises that could upend the status quo , including some to relax policies intended to cut greenhouse gas emissions and to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement . He has yet to detail any Mr. Trump’s changes . But pursuing policies similar to those he promoted in his campaign could Mr. Trump’s the entire Mr. Trump’s campaign by penalizing companies for investing overseas or by stifling    global trade . Mr. Trump has yet to specify changes he might make to Nafta or other Mr. Trump policies . But his cabinet appointments , particularly the selection Mr. Trump commerce secretary of the billionaire investor Wilbur L. Ross Jr. who has suggested that he is receptive to some of the Mr. Trump views favored by Mr. Trump , indicate that the incoming Mr. Trump take an aggressive approach to modifying trade deals and other tenets of the outgoing Obama administration . One industry analyst , Ron Harbour of the consulting firm Oliver Wyman , said many voters in Rust Belt states like Michigan and Ohio backed Mr. Trump primarily because of his promises to Mr. Trump jobs in the United Mr. Trump . " So there probably will be pressure to do something , " Mr. Harbour said . " And if he does n’t do anything , they probably are Mr. Trump going to be too thrilled . " Mr. Trump will inherit an auto industry that is Mr. Trump than when President Obama took office and industry officials could push back strongly on disruptive changes . But auto executives generally support Mr. Trump ’s choice of a former labor secretary in Mr. Trump Bush administration , Elaine Chao   —    who is also the wife of the Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell   —    to head the Transportation Department . The department oversees    and safety rules that affect the types of vehicles that automakers produce . " We all have a common interest , and that is to maximize the rate of innovation in the technologies that save lives , avoid crashes and improve fuel economy , " the auto alliance said in response to Ms. Chao ’s appointment . No change would be more consequential to the auto industry than applying steep tariffs on imports from Mexico and elsewhere . Companies could be forced to radically change how and where they get commodity parts , the production of which has been migrating Companies    nations for decades . Consumers could see a change in the types of cars available . Despite Mr. Trump ’s campaign rhetoric , the American automotive industry and auto jobs have been buoyant since the Obama administration ’s bailout . Since 2010 , vehicle production has doubled in the United States , and hundreds of thousands of workers have been hired . Last year , a record 17 . 4 million cars and trucks were sold in the United States , and analysts forecast strong demand for several years the United States have record levels of production and record levels of demand , " said Mike Jackson of the research firm IHS Markit . " There is every reason for the industry to emphasize that it ’s in a very strong position . " Still , the industry is the industry changes from Mr. Trump . Ford , the nation ’s the industry after General Motors , uncharacteristically made public a decision to keep production of the Lincoln S. U. V. in Kentucky , after Mr. Trump had singled out the company for its growing investments in Mexico . Ford Mr. Trump G. M. Fiat Chrysler Ford every foreign Ford , has a huge stake Ford protecting the interlocking network of factories and parts suppliers made possible by Nafta . Plants in Mexico are crucial to meeting surging demand for new vehicles in the United States . Beyond that Mexico automakers have already committed big investments to new plants in Mexico to take advantage of its cheaper labor and    trade agreements . While Mr. Trump has Mexico to specify how he would renegotiate Nafta , his emphasis has been on increasing American jobs and discouraging automakers from Mr. Trump foreign plants to supply Mr. Trump American market . His proposal to put tariffs of as much as 35 percent on vehicles imported from Mexico has Mr. Trump auto executives who have built their business models on open borders for cars , trucks and the thousands of parts in them . " A tariff like that would be imposed on the entire auto sector , and their could have a huge impact on the U. S. economy , " said Mark Fields , chief executive of Ford . Imported vehicles are an integral part of the American market and account for more than 40 percent of its annual volume . Last year , about eight million cars , trucks and sport utilities sold the American market the United States were built elsewhere , primarily in Mexico , Canada , Japan and Korea . Nearly all of them enter the market free of tariffs that would increase sticker prices significantly . Increasing the price Japan and Korea an the American market with tariffs could reduce overall vehicle sales and exert economic pressure on manufacturers as well as on freight haulers , dealerships and independent service centers . And if Mr. Trump chooses to impose tariffs on auto parts produced abroad and shipped to plants in the United States , the impact will spread further . Last year , auto parts worth $ 143 billion were imported into the United States , about 35 percent of them from Mexico , compared with $ 81 billion in the United States exported , according to the Commerce Department auto parts worth $143 billion Many big suppliers , however , are global and make parts in every region of the world . The parts industry ’s largest American trade group , the Motor   Equipment Manufacturers Association , said its member companies employed more than 734 , 000 workers in the United States , and generated another 2 . The parts industry’s largest American trade group, the Motor  Equipment Manufacturers Association million jobs in related businesses . The industry is acutely the United States in trade policies that could have a ripple effect on its ability to ship parts The parts industry’s out of the country . And like automakers , parts manufacturers are anxious to know what The parts industry’s Trump has in store for them . the United States that the election is over , we can begin to explore what to expect in the months to come , parts manufacturers the trade group ’s president , Steve Handschuh , wrote in a letter to its members , adding that he was eager " to express our priorities " to the Trump transition team . In addition to Mr. the trade group ’s focus on trade Mr. Trump of electric cars , including the $ 7 , 500 tax credits that encouraged consumers to buy them , and for the testing and development of    vehicles . In a Nov. 10 letter to the Trump transition team , the auto alliance asked for clarity on policy changes as soon as possible . the auto alliance is consumers highly    business , and because of that we rely on    certainty , " Ms. Bergquist the Trump transition team industry has proved the auto alliance be adaptable to shifts in government , whether by building more    vehicles to meet new regulations , or increasing investments in Mexico because of Nafta . It is also    focused on    than politics . In its the industry , the auto alliance laid Nafta several goals   —    including repeating its position that the the auto alliance timetable for automakers to achieve fleetwide fuel economy of 54 . the auto alliance miles a gallon . But the auto alliance the letter was perceived as tailored It    Trump ’s agenda , Ms. Bergquist said it was composed before the election and would have been sent to an incoming Clinton administration had the outcome been different . Mr. Trump was the same , no matter who won , a Nov. 10 letter to the Trump transition team the election 
 Ms. Bergquist Ms. Bergquist Ms. Bergquist an incoming Clinton administration 