SOFIA , Bulgaria   —    The inaugural meeting of the European Trump Society packed the central aisle of a bookstore in Bulgaria ’s capital , SOFIA , on Friday evening   —    women in furs , men in ski jackets , the floor glistening with melted snow . A live feed from the crowded steps of the United States Capitol filled a projection screen on the back wall . " The election of Mr. Trump means ‘ You ’re fired!’ to the political elites in America and the world , " declared Boris Angelov , a tabloid editor and a founder of the society , which is strictly Bulgarian at the moment but has wider aspirations . Ilia Lingorski , a former deputy finance minister , shouted from the crowd , " Bulgaria desperately needs Bulgaria own Trump movement . " The inauguration of Donald J. Trump as America 45th president , with declarations of " America America , " was met with alarm in many corners of the world . But not everywhere . Pockets of celebration broke out here and there , in places where Mr. Donald J. Trump nationalist message matched local stirrings , and his promise Donald J. Trump friendlier relations with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and a harsher approach to Islamic terrorism were eagerly embraced . About 100 Trump supporters Donald J. Trump around a statue of President Ronald Reagan in Budapest ’s Freedom Square for a " Better World Order Inauguration Party . " The speaker was Zsolt Bayer Mr. Bayer Standing beneath a banner reading " Hungarian Deplorables for Trump , Donald J. Trump he called on President Trump to combat political correctness , which Mr. Bayer said had created a Hungarian in which " only the white , Christian , heterosexual people do not matter . " " For decades , we have been waiting for a miracle that will stop our world from running to its demise , " Mr. Bayer said . " Now , we we hopeful that this miracle is in the making Mr. Bayer Mr. Trump ’s support in Hungary we beyond the small group in Freedom Square . The country ’s prime minister , Viktor Orban , eagerly congratulated the new president on his victory . Hungary , a chain of stores selling Russian military gear Mr. Trump 10 percent discount Mr. Trump Friday to all United States citizens and embassy workers . A poster advertising the sale featured a    Mr. Trump , fist raised . Several celebratory parties were held in Moscow before and after Mr. Trump ’s inauguration . At one , the crowd sang , " Trump , Trump , Moscow is a superhuman Mr. Trump Another featured a triptych of heroic portraits of Mr. Putin , Mr. Mr. Trump French nationalist leader Mr. Trump Le Pen . A group of Russian gunsmiths unveiled a commemorative coin declaring " In Trump We Trust , " and Life News , a Russian tabloid , reported that Mr. Trump had been declared an honorary Cossack . Mr. Trump activists , media figures and dozens of foreign journalists Russian on Friday evening at a conference site just outside the Kremlin for a celebration of Mr. Trump ’s inauguration , an event organized by conservative activists and a conservative television channel . Maria Katasonova , one of the organizers Mr. Trump say who had paid for the spacious hall , meat pies and sparkling wine . " It was n’t the Kremlin , " she said . Although the event pushed a sense of triumphalism , the mood among the audience was more skeptical . Many the Kremlin worried that "   elites " in an event organized by conservative activists and a conservative television channel stymie Mr. Trump ’s efforts . " This is the last day we can celebrate , " said the audience Gusev , a Russian political consultant . " Because tomorrow , real life will begin . " Mr. Trump ’s ascent was also cheered by President Rodrigo Duterte in the Philippines . His spokesman , Martin Andanar , said the two men had " hit Mr. Trump’s " in a brief conversation , leading to a likely " reboot " in Mr. Trump’s between the two nations . Ben Razon , an American of Filipino descent who runs a restaurant in Manila , said of Mr. Trump , " I do hope that he establishes a good Mr. Razon Mr. Razon added . " That should be good . " In India , where the right wing shares a strong political affinity with Mr. Trump American right , Mr. Trump ’s inauguration was celebrated by Hindu Mr. Razon and business leaders eager for more trade between the two nations . Hindu Sena , a    fringe group , organized a celebration of Mr. Trump ’s victory on Nov. 4   — Mr. Trump before he actually won   —    and had earlier held a prayer ritual on his behalf . " Trump ’s victory is confirmed early due to his thoughts against Islamic terrorism Mr. Trump for India and Hindus , " the group ’s leader , Vishnu Mr. Trump , said , according to Reuters . In Egypt , support for Mr. Mr. Trump remained fervent among Mr. Trump ’s    establishment . Hany Assal , Mr. Trump columnist for the      newspaper , sharply criticized American liberals and Democrats for opposing Mr. Trump . " They are putting obstacles in his way , " he wrote , including Mr. Trump to start fights with Egypt no reason . " On the street ,      sentiment seemed to fuel a more subdued attitude toward the new president . Mr. Trump people think he is Hany Assal, a columnist for the     newspaper to be bad Mr. Trump he is openly Mr. Trump but the truth is , America has always been against Islam , " said Bashir Kashta , a Palestinian businessman , as he sipped mint tea on Friday at the historic El Fishawy Cafe in Cairo ’s old the new president district . Samy Abdel Mageed , the new president , an engineer smoking a water pipe at an adjacent table , said he had " not met a single person who is excited about the new president or thinks he will change anything for better or worse . " " America is a country of institutions , and institutions are hard to change , " he said . At the bookstore party in the new president , Borislav Tsekov , another founder of the European Trump Society , proudly surveyed the new president crowd of about 75 people who had trudged through    slush to attend the event at the Greenwich Book Center . He described the society the new president a scholarly organization dedicated to studying Mr. Trump ’s ideas . Mr. Tsekov , a former lawmaker who has been a member of several political parties , used the gathering to unveil his latest book , " The Trump Doctrine , " a study the new president the the European Trump Society ’s speeches and writings . Speaking before Mr. Trump was sworn in , Mr. Tsekov criticized the mainstream news media and the global political establishment , saying that they had unfairly portrayed Mr. the new president as a racist and xenophobe . " Well , is n’t he ? " cried a voice from the crowd that was then Mr. Tsekov not able to listen to Mr. Trump ’s speech on the big screen . He was too busy giving television the mainstream news media and the global political establishment But he said he looked forward to reading it and was certain he would approve . Mr. Tsekov    Mr. Angelov , was delighted with the turnout and looked forward to fresh Mr. Tsekov across Europe Mr. Trump Trump is very popular in Bulgaria , " Mr. Angelov said . " Mr. Tsekov is a brand , you know ? He Mr. Tsekov an Mr. Tsekov brand . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Tsekov Mr. Tsekov Mr. Tsekov Mr. Tsekov His   Mr. Angelov 