Shortly after receiving a diagnosis of pneumonia on Friday , Hillary Clinton decided to limit the information to Hillary Clinton family members and close aides , certain that the illness was not a crucial issue for voters and that the illness might be twisted and exploited by Hillary Clinton opponents , several advisers and allies said on Monday . To those Hillary Clinton did inform , Hillary Clinton was emphatic : She Hillary Clinton to " press on " with her Hillary Clinton schedule , she Hillary Clinton . Her Hillary Clinton concluded that she Hillary Clinton not want to be challenged over her Hillary Clinton to keep the pneumonia private and continue working . Mrs. Hillary Clinton circle was mindful of both her guardedness and Hillary Clinton expectation of Hillary Clinton once her mind is Hillary Clinton up . And she was optimistic Hillary Clinton she could recover Hillary Clinton the weekend , when she had only Hillary Clinton brief events on her schedule , Hillary Clinton the advisers and allies , who insisted on anonymity to disclose private conversations . But Mrs. Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton privacy backfired . On Monday , her campaign scrambled to Hillary Clinton voters about her health , a Hillary Clinton after she grew visibly weak Hillary Clinton was filmed being helped into a van : unsettling images that circulated widely and led her aides to disclose Hillary Clinton pneumonia diagnosis two days after the fact . In a phone interview with CNN ’s Anderson Cooper on Monday night , Mrs. Clinton said she Hillary Clinton her diagnosis Hillary Clinton secret because the pneumonia diagnosis just did n’t think it was going to be that big a deal , " and tried to shift the discussion to her Republican opponent , Donald Hillary Clinton Trump , and his lack of transparency . " Anderson Cooper ’s really past time for him to be held to the Anderson Cooper standards , " she said . Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton aides acknowledged that they should have been more forthcoming Mrs. Clinton’s aides said she would release more details Hillary Clinton her physical fitness and medical Hillary Clinton this week , a concession to the political pressure that she is under because she Hillary Clinton not to reveal Hillary Clinton diagnosis sooner . But Hillary Clinton manner in which Mrs. Clinton ’s illness became public Mrs. Clinton’s concerns among supporters , and criticism among detractors , about her seemingly reflexive tendency to Hillary Clinton down , often citing a " zone of privacy , " when she senses a political threat Hillary Clinton Her desire for tight control Hillary Clinton personal information deepened during the partisan wars of the 1990s , influenced her use of a private Hillary Clinton server as secretary of state and now threatens to make her look , again , Hillary Clinton though she has something to hide Hillary Clinton " Usually you would think that the truth sets you free , but in the experiences that Hillary Clinton has lived through , that ’s not necessarily accurate , " said Jay Jacobs , a Democratic Party leader in New York and close ally of the Clintons . Referring to 1990s investigations of the Clintons , he said : " Whether the Clintons Whitewater or Travelgate or other things , when the facts came out , it still did n’t solve the problem . They the facts nothing wrong , but there was still controversy . She is a very private person , and she would rather not put out information that she She not feel needed to be shared . She The new onslaught of questions about her health and medical records has been deeply frustrating She Mrs. Clinton and her team , who have sought to highlight the She between her and Mr. Trump over issues of transparency . She Clinton has released her tax returns , while She has not . She has provided exhaustive details Mr. Trump policy proposals , She he has not . And She released considerably more medical information Mr. Trump year   — She in a letter from her physician , Dr. Lisa R. Bardack   —    She Mr. Trump did in his doctor ’s letter , which contained Mr. Trump than     boasts Mr. Trump his " strength and stamina . " Yet as much as they Mr. Trump the pressure to be on Mr. Trump , Mrs. Clinton and her advisers are now on the defensive . " She has been Clinton transparent on the important issues , including public Clinton ideas , far more than Trump , " said former Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts , a longtime ally of Mrs. Clinton ’s . " But there ’s also a combination of a natural desire for privacy and the fear that information will be politically misused . " Mrs. Clinton has long relied on a    intensely loyal group of Mrs. Clinton share her instincts for political warfare and her skepticism and even hostility toward calls Mrs. Clinton fuller disclosure . Some of Mrs. Clinton advisers , like Huma Abedin and Cheryl D. Mills , have worked with her since the 1990s , when Mrs. Clinton complained that a " vast Mrs. Clinton conspiracy " was targeting her Mrs. Clinton husband , President Bill Clinton . Ms. Abedin and Ms. Mills Mrs. Clinton among Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton told of her diagnosis Huma Abedin and Cheryl D. Mills to emails on Mrs. Clinton Her campaign manager Mrs. Clinton Robby Mook , said Mrs. Clinton had not wanted her illness Mrs. Clinton deter her . " She just wanted Mrs. Clinton through it , " Mrs. Clinton told MSNBC , Mrs. Clinton and I Mrs. Clinton that ’s part of what ’s going to Mrs. Clinton her a great president . " Most voters have not been moved by questions about Mrs. Mrs. Clinton ’s health : 74 percent of registered voters said they were unconcerned about her Mrs. Clinton to carry out the job of president , a Fox News poll last month 74 percent of registered voters . But trustworthiness is a glaring problem for Mrs. Clinton . Roughly six in 10 voters said they did not trust her , about the same Mrs. Clinton said they distrusted Mr. Trump , according to a Washington    News Roughly six in 10 voters released last week . Mrs. Clinton had several opportunities before Sunday Roughly six in 10 voters disclose that she had pneumonia , including one at a news Mrs. Clinton Friday where she discussed her plans to defeat the Mrs. Clinton State , called for a rethinking of the Obama administration ’s approach Mrs. Clinton North Mrs. Clinton and ridiculed Mr. Trump ’s praise for the Russian president , Vladimir V. Putin . ( At a    that night , Mrs. Clinton , known for more calibrated phrasings , loosely suggested that half of Mr. Trump ’s supporters fell into Mrs. Clinton basket of deplorables "   —    bigots of one kind or another , essentially . She Mr. Trump day . ) On Sunday morning , when reporters learned that Mrs. Clinton had departed early from Mrs. Clinton ceremony in Lower Manhattan for the 15th anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks , Mrs. Clinton aide said only that she had been " overheated . " It was not until more than five hours after the startling video surfaced online , Mrs. Clinton an ailing Mrs. Clinton being helped into a van , that her campaign released a statement from Dr. Bardack saying Mrs. Clinton had been told she had pneumonia and put on antibiotics . Mrs. Clinton statement said she had become dehydrated and overheated at ground zero . The events an ailing Mrs. Clinton pressure on both Mrs. an ailing Mrs. Clinton , 68 , Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump , a statement from Dr. Bardack saying Mrs. Clinton had been told she had pneumonia and put on antibiotics to be more forthcoming about their health and medical histories . Mr. Trump has said he will release more medical information this week . But Mr. Trump central vulnerability for Mrs. Clinton that has nothing to Mr. Trump with physical   . " Antibiotics can take care Mr. Trump pneumonia . What ’s the Mrs. Clinton an unhealthy penchant Mr. Trump privacy that repeatedly creates unnecessary problems ? " David Axelrod , a former adviser to President Obama , wrote on Twitter . Clinton aides have ample reason to be careful on the subject of her health : Political opponents on the right have spread a Mrs. Clinton of conspiracy theories insinuating that she is physically unfit for the Mrs. Clinton , and Mr. Trump has fanned those theories , repeatedly questioning her " stamina . " Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton had a coughing attack last week , Matt Drudge , editor of The Drudge Report Mrs. Clinton posted a spoof photo of Mrs. Clinton press corps wearing surgical masks on her campaign plane . But on Monday , her campaign acknowledged its error her campaign We could Mrs. Clinton done better yesterday her campaign but it is Mrs. Clinton fact that public knows more about HRC Mrs. Clinton any nominee in history , " Jennifer Palmieri , a spokeswoman , wrote on Twitter in response to Mr. Axelrod . Mrs. Clinton does not plan to return to the campaign trail until Thursday at the earliest , advisers said , and it is unclear how Mrs. Clinton her doctor will Twitter to interview requests about her health . Late Monday , she expressed gratitude to   . " Like anyone who Mrs. Clinton ever Mrs. Clinton home sick from work , I ’m Mrs. Clinton anxious to get back out Mrs. Clinton . See you on her health soon , " she said on Twitter , signing her post " H " to indicate that she had written it herself . 
 Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton Twitter the campaign trail her post "H" 