Madelyn Rubinstein moved to New York City from Long Island in 1985 with big dreams of making it as a professional pianist . Madelyn Rubinstein had a head start : a very cheap    apartment , recently vacated by Madelyn Rubinstein grandmother , on Central Park South . When Madelyn Rubinstein took possession of it , her Madelyn Rubinstein was $ 93 . 08 a month   —    the same price that her her grandmother been paying since 1967 . Several months later , Ms. Madelyn Rubinstein home one evening to find an eviction notice on her door Madelyn Rubinstein The building ’s new owner , Donald J. Trump , wanted her out Madelyn Rubinstein Mr. Trump ’s plan was to knock down the building and the one next door , which he also owned Mr. Trump’s and replace them with a the building and the one next door, which he also owned    condominium complex facing Central Park . What he got instead Mr. Trump’s a New York brawl with a group of tenants fighting to save their homes and a group of tenants fighting to save their homes and clinging with white knuckles to some of the city’s legendary rent deals with white knuckles to some of the city ’s legendary rent deals . The battle played out for years in courtrooms and the New York news New York becoming a kind of parable of the limits of 1980s capitalist ambition in the social democratic city . Looking back on the fight , on the eve of Tuesday ’s New York Republican primary New York can see Mr. Trump waging a much different sort of campaign , but with many of the same tactics   —    the threats , the theatrics , the penchant for hyperbole   —    that he has deployed in his Mr. Trump for the Republican Mr. Trump nomination . As far as the tenants are concerned , Mr. Trump lost that contest Mr. Trump Oh , absolutely , we won , " said Ms. Rubinstein , sitting in the    apartment where she still lives . " He wanted this whole corner to Mr. Trump one big Trump building . " But Mr. Mr. Trump refuses to admit defeat Mr. Trump A great deal , " he said , without hesitation , when Mr. Trump 100 Central Park South   —    now known as Trump Parc East   —    during a phone interview last week . " It was a long battle , but it was a successful battle . As It , I came out on top . " Mr. Trump paid just $ 13 million Mr. Trump Central Park South and the building adjoining it , the Barbizon Plaza Hotel , in Mr. Trump . At the time , he was 35 and making bold strides to Mr. Trump from his father ’s shadow . In recent years Mr. Trump he had built the    Trump Tower and Mr. Trump the building near Grand Central Terminal that became the Grand Hyatt New York . This would be a no less audacious project , and on one of the city ’s most desirable blocks . To New York dream , he had to first clear Mr. Trump the residents Mr. Trump the building , a    tower with 80 the building near Grand Central Terminal that became the Grand Hyatt New York some overlooking Central Park , nearly all inhabited by tenants paying well below market rates .    and    apartments occupy a kind of mythic place in New    City history . Rent protections were created to guard families from the whims of landlords and the market they still cover about one million apartments in the city Rent protections State laws limit their rent increases and New York City , and often their children State laws grandchildren , the right to stay . But State laws expensive neighborhoods , the deals can become skewed . At 100 Central Park South , for instance , there were    apartments overlooking the park with rents as low as $ 436 per month . Mr. Trump wanted all of the tenants out . But rather than buying them out , a common tactic , he and the management all of the tenants he hired tried to get the Mr. Trump done free . So Mr. Trump battle   —    captured in numerous lawsuits , court documents and news media accounts from that time   —    began . Leaks went unfixed , tenants alleged , and broken appliances went unrepaired . Aluminum foil was placed over windows in empty apartments , giving the building a    appearance . ( Mr. Trump defended the action as standard procedure for vacant units . ) More dramatic were the eviction notices from Mr. Trump ’s lawyers , on a variety of grounds . Mr. Trump told that he had not paid his rent on time . ( He presented a One tenant check in court One tenant prove that he had . One tenant Others who had done construction on their apartments , One tenant the approval of prior landlords , were told that they had 10 days to restore them to their original conditions . Suzanne their , a    actress and their of their original Rockettes , Ms. Blackmer $ 203 . 59 a month , because it was not her primary residence , meaning she was not entitled to rent her . Ms. Blackmer insisted that it was after a legal battle that her more than a decade her she prevailed . Mr. Trump made his opponents out to be millionaire plutocrats , " people of great wealth . " And also whiners Ms. Blackmer " Let me tell you Mr. Trump about the rich , " he said in one interview in the midst of the battle . " They have a very low threshold for pain . " Recounting Mr. Trump story later in his memoir " The Art of the Deal , " Mr. Trump acknowledged that he had deliberately tried to drive out tenants , but Recounting the said that most of them were exploiting an undeserved Mr. Trump . He recalled Mr. Trump rid of a free telephone in the building ’s Mr. Trump that he claimed tenants tenants using " to call their friends in Mr. Trump and St. Moritz . " Ms. Rubinstein and two other residents from the Mr. Trump said they remembered only a pay phone tenants the building . And while its roll of renters included a successful fashion designer and an architect , Ms. Rubinstein and two other residents from the time also included a number of older the building on fixed incomes . As Mr. Trump ’s frustration with the tenants grew , he offered the its ’s dozen or so empty units as shelters for the homeless , promising free apartments with " beautiful views . " The Mr. Trump declined the building the wisdom of moving people into a building headed for demolition . " I actually thought it was a very generous offer New York City Mr. Trump said last week . " I do n’t want to see people out on the streets . " The tenants eventually hired a lawyer , David Rozenholc , to represent them . Now a familiar nemesis to New York City developers   —    last year , he negotiated a $ 25 million total payout for three clients The tenants Tishman Speyer was trying to eject from a small apartment building in Hudson Yards   — Mr. Trump Mr. Rozenholc took advantage of a legal flaw in Mr. Trump ’s plans to block his application to begin construction . He also sued Mr. Trump , accusing him of harassing Mr. Rozenholc ’s clients . The lawsuit claimed , among other things Mr. Trump that the building ’s superintendent Mr. Trump been instructed Mr. Trump management to spy Mr. Trump tenants Mr. Rozenholc brought his own action against Mr. Rozenholc , a federal racketeering suit that sought $ 105 million in damages and found its way to The New York Post before Mr. Trump filed . Mr. Trump Rozenholc said the Mr. Rozenholc contentious history . " He knows how to negotiate , he knows how to use leverage and he ’s very perceptive Mr. Trump opponent its vulnerabilities , " Mr. Rozenholc said . " It did n’t work against me , but when you Mr. Rozenholc with Putin and Iran , these could be useful qualities . " The tenants were waging their own campaign Mr. Rozenholc the news media , casting Mr. Rozenholc Trump as a slumlord and a Mr. Rozenholc . In 1986 , Mr. Rozenholc five years of fighting , Mr. Rozenholc abandoned his plans to knock down the building . Mr. Rozenholc tenants could stay in their apartments , paying their existing rents . Mr. Trump would never realize his vision for the The tenants . But in a sense , his defeat had been a victory , as he claimed . Even as the tenants were refusing to budge , Mr. Trump demolition or Mr. Trump , the value of the property The tenants along with the rest The tenants New York City The tenants real estate market in Mr. Trump . In the late Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump finally converted the building into condominiums , Mr. Trump renters were allowed to remain . Today Mr. Trump some continue The tenants    units for under $ 1 , 000 a month , less than a third of what similar apartments cost . Ms. Rubinstein , who was guaranteed    rent for life , chose instead to buy at a steep discount , paying just $ 150 , 000 for an apartment that is now worth at least $ 700 , 000 . She is also a member of the condo board , along with one of her more noteworthy neighbors , who lives on the building ’s 13th floor : Mr. Trump ’s son Eric . 
 Mr. Trump She 