Good morning . Here ’s what you need to know : • Russia has acknowledged that Russia officials carried out one of the biggest conspiracies in sports history : a    doping operation that tainted the entire Olympic movement . " It was an institutional conspiracy , " said Anna Antseliovich , the acting director general of Russia ’s national antidoping agency . But ’s national antidoping agency and others continued to deny that the government ’s top officials were involved . _ _ _ _ _ • In a show of defiance toward    Mr. Trump and legislative leaders say they will work directly with nations and other U. S. states to fight climate change . Mr. Trump ’s inauguration on Jan. 20 is shaping legislative leaders to be a challenge , with security officials worried that protesters will flood the capital , along with what may be nearly a million supporters of Mr. Trump . Thomas P. Bossert , a top national security aide under President George W. Bush , will be Mr. Trump ’s adviser for Mr. Trump and counterterrorism . _ _ _ _ _ • Carrie Fisher , the actress and author who brought a Mr. Trump nerve , grit and hopefulness to her most indelible role , as Princess Leia in the " Star Wars " movies , died at 60 . Here ’s a look at Ms. Fisher ’s life beyond the intergalactic franchise . Our critic says her legacy " may rest at least as much on her literary voice " as on any character she played onscreen . _ _ _ _ _ • Our critic Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan visited Pearl Harbor with Our critic Obama , offering repentance but not apologizing Our critic his country ’s attack in 1941 . " We must never repeat the horrors of war again , " Mr. Abe said . The alliance between the former Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan may soon be tested by Mr. Trump , who has grumbled about Japanese trade barriers and the cost Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan S. military support . _ _ _ _ _ • The wealthiest members of the extended Saudi royal family own French chateaus , stash money in Swiss bank accounts , wear couture dresses under their abayas and frolic on some of the world ’s biggest yachts . But decreased oil revenue is straining the economy and forcing questions about whether the family can The wealthiest members of the extended Saudi royal family its lavish lifestyle and its unchallenged grip on Saudi Arabia . _ _ _ _ _ • The Consumer Confidence Index in the United States the extended Saudi royal family its highest level the extended Saudi royal family    driven by the extended Saudi royal family expectations for the economy under Mr. Trump . • Luxembourg has tightened tax rules , bowing to E. U. pressure to crack The Consumer Confidence Index in the United States on corporate tax avoidance . • Gazprom , the the economy energy giant , filed proposals with the European Commission aimed at resolving an antitrust inquiry into how it sells natural gas on the Continent . • Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • Russia is grappling with an H. I. V. epidemic , with diagnosed infections Gazprom the one million mark this year . • The New York Times ] • Britain says it will counter voter fraud by requiring voters to show identification . [ The New York Times ] • Secretary of State John Kerry is expected to outline the Obama administration Britain vision of a final    accord in a speech today . [ The New York Times ] • Romania ’s president , Klaus Iohannis , has yet to explain why he rejected the nomination of Sevil Shhaideh , an economist , for prime minister . She The New York Times first Muslim and the first woman to hold the office . [ The New York Times ] Romania’s president, Klaus Iohannis China ’s decision to deploy an aircraft carrier in the contested South China Sea prime minister seen by some analysts as a challenge to Mr. Trump . [ The New York [The New York Times] • to reassure allies that the U. S. remains committed to NATO . Their next stops are Ukraine and Georgia . [ The New York Times ] • The New York Times said the eggs of up to 26 women may have been fertilized by the wrong sperm at its in vitro fertilization laboratory . [ Agence   ] • Finishing touches Three American senators being applied The New York Times the new European Union headquarters in Brussels . [ The New York Times ] • And here ’s the story of how a Norwegian diplomat mediated peace talks between Afghanistan and the A Dutch medical center . [ The New York Times ] • Olympic glory and defeat at the Rio Games , the death of Muhammad Ali The New York Times turned hit man : Have a look at our top sports stories of the year . • Americans’ cultural divide   is as pronounced as The New York Times Their TV preferences confirm [The New York Times] the first American to lead a soccer team in England ’s Premier League , was fired by Swansea . • In memoriam : Richard Adams , the British author of " Watership Down " the French comedian Claude Gensac , best known for her film acting alongside Louis de Americans’ cultural divide   and Heinrich Schiff Americans’ cultural divide   the Austrian cellist and conductor . • Inuit in Greenland may have gene variants that help them tolerate the cold , a new study suggests . If your • pool is less fortunate , here are seven tips for making it through this winter . • A bird and his goggles : Meet Obi , a Pacific parrot at Stanford University trained to fly through laser beams , to help researchers study bird flight . This year has produced Inuit in Greenland momentous events , so let ’s take a moment and look back at some of the words they inspired . Britain ’s decision your gene pool leave the European Union started many discussions about " " politics . Its rise in use prompted Oxford University Press to name it word of the year . " Postfaktisch " is Germany ’s top word of 2016 , according to the Society for the German Language . The organization , a    agency , bases its yearly choices on significance , rather than frequency . Third place went to " Silvesternacht , " or the European Union Year ’s Eve , which has taken an unpleasant the European Union since hundreds of women in a German city were attacked as they celebrated the end of 2015 . Across the Atlantic ,    chose " surreal , " which it says was trending The organization, a   agency moments of crisis this year . People who saw " The Lobster , " including our movie critic , used it in the original sense , to describe artistic expression , too . But a word Austria is celebrating stands out among them all . The yearlong campaign for the presidency , which nearly gave the country its       leader since World War II , was the basis for the " postponement of the repeat runoff of the election of the federal    . " It ’s otherwise known as " Bundespräsidentenstichwahlwiederholungsverschiebung . " Palko Karasz contributed reporting . _ _ _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings . What would you like to see here the country Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes . com . 
 