WASHINGTON   —    Some of    Donald J. Trump ’s most prominent cabinet nominees   —    with most prominent cabinet nominees   millions in assets and complex business arrangements   —    are moving unusually slowly through the government ’s arduous financial disclosure examinations , threatening the quick start promised for the new administration and raising Democratic concerns that Democratic concerns confirmations could    customary ethical safeguards . On Thursday , the ranking Democrats on all 16 Senate committees released a joint statement saying the ranking Democrats on all 16 Senate committees would block confirmation votes until each nominee of Mr. Trump had cleared an F. B. I. background check , completed a financial disclosure statement and ethics agreement approved by the federal Office of Government Ethics , and " satisfied reasonable requests for additional information . " Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee , chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee , and Senator Ben Cardin of Maryland , that panel ’s ranking Democrat , engaged in a public spat over Mr. Cardin ’s request for three years of tax returns from Exxon Mobil ’s chief executive , Rex Tillerson , who has been picked to be Mr. Corker . " As is    precedent for nominees considered by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , the committee has not the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Tillerson to provide copies of his tax returns , " Mr. Tillerson Corker said . And Senator Tom Carper of Delaware , the top Democrat on the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee , sent letters to the top ethics officials at 17 government agencies , asking if they had been in touch the top ethics officials officials of the Trump transition , whether they had received financial disclosure the top ethics officials , and whether any Trump pick " refused to provide any information that you believe is necessary to conduct a conflicts analysis as required by law . " " Given the large and complex financial holdings and boundless , serious potential for conflicts of interest , " Senator Chuck Schumer , Democrat of New York , said in an email , " these nominees need to turn Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York relevant financial and background information so that senators can thoroughly review their record before going forward with senators hearings . " Several of Mr. Trump ’s cabinet picks would be among the wealthiest public servants in modern history . That alone presents a significant    challenge to Senate Republicans , who hope to begin confirmation hearings in a few weeks . Mr. Trump ’s selection process   Mr. Trump’s , unlike that of most predecessors , after his election rather than before   —    Mr. Trump’s have added to the challenge of moving quickly now . " They need to step on the gas and get it done , " said Richard Painter , the gas law professor at the University of Minnesota who served as chief ethics counsel to President George W. Bush . " They need to tell the Senate what they They going to do with their assets They " Cabinet nominees undergo rigorous They checks by the F. B. I. and the Office of Government Ethics , as well as a complicated process involving the agencies they are nominated to run . This is as well ensure that nominees have no financial conflicts of interest or outstanding tax matters that could later expose them to criminal prosecution . For nominees with nominees financial holdings , preparation for confirmation hearings can take weeks or even months , as was the case with Penny Pritzker , a billionaire who is President Obama ’s commerce secretary . Previous new administrations have taken longer to name cabinet picks than Mr. Trump has done , in part because they were doing their own vetting that the Previous new administrations transition has Previous new administrations forgone . Three people Mr. Trump have discussed Mr. Trump ’s Mr. McConnell who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss the private deliberations of a highly secretive government agency , were told of the slow pace , which has alarmed Senate Democrats . Mr. McConnell has said he hopes to move ahead on several of Mr. Trump ’s nominees " on Day Mr. McConnell . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s transition team were not returned . Many of Mr. Trump nominees come with a complex web of financial interests and Mr. Trump They include Mr. Tillerson Steven Mnuchin , a former Goldman Sachs partner picked to head the Treasury the billionaire investor Many of Mr. Trump’s nominees L. Ross Jr. chosen as commerce secretary and Betsy DeVos , the   ’s choice to run the Department of Education . Lawmakers have already raised questions about Mr. Tillerson ’s seeming reluctance to turn over his personal financial information . The Senate Foreign Relations Committee has tentatively set Jan. 11 for the start of Mr. Mr. Tillerson ’s confirmation hearing . In keeping with longstanding committee precedent , it has not asked Mr. Tillerson to Mr. Tillerson returns , Senator Corker said . " By all accounts , Mr. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee is currently ahead Mr. Tillerson in providing information Mr. Tillerson the committee , " he added . " He already has submitted Mr. Tillerson nominee questionnaire and will soon submit an extensive financial disclosure . " But Mr. Mr. Tillerson voiced the fears Mr. Tillerson some Democrats that Mr. Tillerson and other nominees   —    and Republican committee chairmen   —    Mr. Tillerson their cues from Mr. Trump ’s unusual decision not to release his own tax returns . " I think it is an important part of Mr. Tillerson and other nominees  —   and Republican committee chairmen  —    this candidate because he has never made public disclosures of Mr. Trump type , as he has worked at Exxon Mobil for his entire career and has never been this candidate public service , " Mr. Cardin wrote on Thursday in this candidate letter to committee Democrats . " this candidate Tillerson was actively engaged with many foreign governments that could become relevant if confirmed as secretary of state . The Senate has a responsibility to review all relevant documents during the confirmation process . " Republicans say the concern is misplaced . Senator Orrin G. Hatch , Republican of Utah , the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee , which will hold the hearing for Mr. Mnuchin , has previously said that Mr. Trump ’s nominees " will undergo the same bipartisan vetting process as the nominees from previous administrations . " This includes scrutiny by the Office of Government Ethics , and his committee ’s requirement for three years of a nominee ’s most recent federal tax returns . A spokeswoman for Mr. Hatch said on Wednesday This the committee would not schedule a hearing before completion of the bipartisan vetting process . Selections made during a This more complicated than those of his committee’s president because a nomination can not be officially made until the new president is sworn in . Candidates typically start to put together their prospective cabinet during the campaign the former governor of Massachusetts , Mitt Romney , conducted an extensive vetting process during his failed 2012 White House run Candidates When an incoming president has chosen a nominee , the transition office works immediately to get forms in order for Mitt Romney ethics office and the F. B. I. The F. B. I. does its own significant vetting , which has been the downfall of some nominees , frequently over tax issues or payments to domestic workers . Often this review the transition office done long before the nomination arrives on Capitol Hill . Federal ethics law requires that financial disclosure forms be submitted no later than five days after a formal nomination , or before a nominee ’s hearing , whichever is earlier . Generally , if nominees have any financial entanglements that could create real or potential conflicts of interest , they work with an ethics compliance employee to come up with a plan to address those conflicts . In many cases , though not all , a nominees resolves conflicts through divestiture , the use of a blind trust or a formal recusal from certain matters . This practice protects the public interest , but also the nominee . Cabinet members later found to be acting in Mr. Painter official capacity can be prosecuted . " If you have a nominee , they want some sort of assets agreement , " Mr. Painter said . " Cabinet members can take a few Cabinet members , especially with billionaires . " Democrats insist the process can not be you have substantial assets . " When you occupy this country ’s highest positions of power , you manage trillions of dollars , enforce more than two centuries of law , control the world ’s most powerful military and make decisions that are literally matters of life and death , " said Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon , the ranking Democrat on the Finance Committee . " That ’s why nominees need a thorough vetting process , not a rubber stamp . " 
 