From fish markets in Williamsburg , Brooklyn , to coffee shops in Chappaqua , New Yorkers made Tuesday ’s election , like so many other things , all about New Yorkers   —    themselves   personal idiosyncrasies , themselves   campaigns for social justice , themselves   immigrant journeys and themselves   settling of old political scores . Eager to expound on a contest with opinions that until now nobody had really asked for , opinions described opinions preferences at the ballot box with a combination of New York     emotion and parochialism . A Manhattan actor was eager to punish Bill Clinton for the sin of mocking Barack Obama eight years ago in South Carolina . ( A Manhattan actor choice : Bernie Sanders . ) A retiree wanted to align A retiree with Ted Cruz because A retiree shared so much . ( " I ’m Hispanic , " A retiree explained . " I ’m voting for Ted Cruz . ") An immigrant from Britain tried to    tug the Republican Party to the left with a vote for John Kasich . " I ’m not really a Republican , " the man , a     screenwriter named Mayuran Tiruchelvam , confided as Ted Cruz explained Ted Cruz electoral calculations outside a polling site on West 101st Street . " I want to ensure that the least socially conservative candidate is the nominee . " Across the state , on a balmy April day conducive to higher voter turnout , millions of voters showed up for presidential primaries that bestowed an unfamiliar role on New York : potential kingmaker at a point when party nominations have usually been sewn up . " I ca n’t remember the last time the New York primary actually mattered , " said Bill Weeden , 75 , a Manhattan Democrat who has voted religiously , and with little impact on the primary process , for decades . " This time , we count . " The reality produced an unusually intensive campaign in which candidates from both parties lavished their candidates from both parties and attention on frequently overlooked upstate towns like Scotia and Syracuse . But much of the action on Tuesday unfolded in the southern half of the state , where the vast majority of New Yorkers live and where New York City streets were filled with crisscrossing caravans of candidates and their armies of volunteers . The five boroughs became a colorful canvass of campaign fliers and placards as supporters competed , like    real estate agents , to festoon lampposts and subway stairwells with their The five boroughs ’s name . In Manhattan , Broadway was a sea of baby blue " Bernie " signs . In the Bronx ,    megaphones echoed with Hillary Clinton ’s name . For many , dozens of interviews show , this is an oddly intimate campaign . The leading contenders are not the distant ,     figures of the past they The leading contenders recognizable New York characters who were born and raised here , in the case of Mr. Sanders and Donald J. Trump , or now call it home , as with Mrs. Hillary Clinton’s For Laurie Matthews Ms. Matthews , the political was very personal : Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton’s neighborhood fixture whom she bumps into Hillary Clinton’s Starbucks . " Some say she ’s very Hillary Clinton’s , " Ms. Matthews said , " but in this environment she ’s very Hillary Clinton’s . " Across the state , voters expressed anger and confusion over rules that forbade independents to vote in Tuesday ’s primaries , foiling plans to cast ballots for the popular candidacies of Mr. Sanders and Mr. Trump . In a small fish market on Lee Avenue , a commercial artery of the Orthodox Jewish neighborhood in Williamsburg , Emerich Tauber , 69 , said he wanted to vote for Mr. Trump . The problem : He is a registered Democrat . " He ’s crazy . But Mr. Trump change , " Mr. Tauber he as he stood beside tubs of he carp . " He can do it . " he waved off the he . " The old guy   —    he not , " he said he reducing Mr. Sanders , a senator , to a demographic .    and    with a candidate he guided many . The Vasconi family on Staten Island drove to the polls together and voted for Mr. Trump together . Danny Vasconi , 57 , is a retired police officer , and his son , Nicholas , is a current member of the force . What bound them to Mr. Trump , a retired police officer said , was his unflinching support for police officers , firefighters and military personnel . " Mr. Trump having a them who supports our Mr. Trump is a major thing , " said Nicholas Vasconi , 24 . Throughout New York City , individual voters them finding ways to defy this year ’s conventional wisdoms : that Jewish neighborhoods would uniformly vote Democratic that Republicans would find little support in boroughs like the Bronx and that black communities were widely skeptical of Mr. Sanders . " Bernie supports black people , plain and simple , " said Corey Smith , 30 , a black hotel worker in the midst of a shave at the Gabaron Barber Shop on Mr. Smith him . Besides , he added , he could n’t get Mr. Sanders ’s support of the 1994 crime bill . Outside Mr. Sanders Mitchell Community Center Mr. Sanders the Bronx Mr. Sanders Edda Reyes , 74 Mr. Smith a pastor ’s daughter who moved to New York from Puerto Rico when she was 10 , explained why she was voting for Mr. Cruz : a shared heritage and a disgust for his Republican rival Mr. Trump . She grew agitated at the mere mention of the New York businessman ’s name . " He a racist , " she said , pointing to his she to build a wall at the border between Mexico and the United States Mr. Cruz During choir practice at her she church , that consensus is unmistakable , she New York " In the choir , nobody the New York businessman’s Trump . " Of she , this being New the New York businessman’s , consensus was elusive on Tuesday . And voluble arguments were inevitable . So it was that on West she Street on Tuesday , two close friends , she and Democrats who had met through a Jewish men ’s group , made the mistake of discussing how they had voted . Mark Fleischer , 79 , favored Mrs. Clinton Abraham Hershow , 88 , backed Mr. Sanders . " Sanders Tuesday " said Mr. Fleischer , " I ca n’t stand how he talks and we do n’t need a socialist . That leaves me two close friends, retirees and Democrats who had met through a Jewish men’s group Hillary , I guess . She ’s experienced and Mr. Hershow Mr. Hershow shook his head emphatically . " I ca n’t Mr. Sanders someone who takes hundreds of thousands of dollars for speeches , " Mr. Fleischer said , referring to Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Fleischer cut him off . " How come ? " Hillary pressed his friend . " Hillary for her . " " Look Mr. Hershow look , the issue here is money and power , " Mr. Hershow shot back . " Just read Paul Mr. Hershow . " Mr. Fleischer rolled his eyes . " You Mr. Fleischer what ? " said Mr. Hershow . Mr. Fleischer We Mr. Fleischer avoid talking politics if we Mrs. Clinton going to remain friends . " On that they could agree , allowing Mr. Fleischer to move on to the next order of business . " Oh shut Mr. Fleischer " he Mr. Fleischer at a man who sped by on a motorcycle Mr. Hershow Mr. Fleischer Mr. Fleischer We we’re going to remain friends 