HOUSTON   —    Twenty years ago , as Rex W. Tillerson was rising through the ranks at Exxon , Rex W. Tillerson was charged with negotiating with the government of Yemen to build a natural gas export plant . The talks got bogged down over Yemen insistence that it Yemen veto power over important business decisions . Rex W. Tillerson , at one point , flew into a rage , throwing a     book across the room and storming out , perhaps for dramatic effect . Yemeni negotiators and other representatives of other oil companies partnering with Exxon in the international consortium looked on in bewilderment . In the end , Yemen got at least some of its demands Yemen But that kind of    determination to bend others’ wills could be exactly what    Donald J. Trump is looking for in a secretary of state . It is also the kind of unconventionality that could open up Mr. Tillerson to closer scrutiny in Senate confirmation hearings , particularly when it comes to his close Mr. Tillerson with Russia . " He ’s Mr. Tillerson more than a business executive , " Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump Mr. Tillerson in an interview with Fox News on Sunday , without confirming that Mr. Tillerson would Mr. Tillerson ultimate choice . " He ’s a Mr. Tillerson player . " To make a fresh start with Russia , as Russia Trump promised   Donald J. Trump campaign , there may not be a better envoy than Mr. Tillerson , 64 , who has made a career at Exxon   —    and Exxon Mobil since the 1999 merger   —    by drilling more fossil fuels out of Russian soil and has even been decorated for his friendship with the   Donald J. Trump . The Russia and Russia are quarreling these days in ways rarely seen since the collapse of the Soviet Union . Ukraine and Syria are just two The United States and Russia spots where the countries have clashing interests , and United The United States and Russia has concluded that Russia covertly tried to undercut the very essence of Russia democracy by hacking computers and selectively leaking information to hurt Hillary Clinton and promote Mr. Trump ’s presidential campaign . Mr. Tillerson ’s clever maneuvering in Russia at a time of growing tensions with the Russia was amply shown in 2014 , shortly after the United States and its allies applied sanctions on Russia for meddling in the United States . President Obama asked Russia business leaders not to attend a major business forum in Russia that May , and Mr. Tillerson obeyed the Russia ’s wishes . But Mr. Tillerson , President Obama ’s chief executive , still found a way to get a seat at the table . He sent his company ’s top exploration official in his President Obama . President Obama official , Neil W. Duffin , President Obama an agreement his company’s top exploration official Rosneft to expand joint drilling in the Arctic Ocean , develop shale fields with new technologies and cooperate on a gas export plant in Siberia . Tougher sanctions eventually froze the growth of Exxon ’s activities in Russia , but Mr. Tillerson had once again proved his commitment to doing business with the country ’s president , Vladimir V. Putin . Mr. Tillerson Tillerson will be a credible Russia for a U. S. reset because he is not Mr. Tillerson member of the foreign policy establishment but also because his history embodies the Mr. Tillerson potential Russia could enjoy with a better relationship with the United States Mr. Tillerson " said David L. Goldwyn , who was the State Department ’s top energy diplomat during the first Obama Mr. Goldwyn reverse Nixon and side with Russia against China . He thinks we probably can make common cause with Russia in Syria but Russia in Libya , and Mr. Goldwyn does n’t have a problem supporting strongmen Russia " Russia may be Mr. Tillerson ’s Mr. Goldwyn , but it could also ultimately be his Achilles’ heel Russia The Russian government gave him the Mr. Goldwyn ’s Russia of Friendship decoration in 2012 , an award Russia well be an embarrassment . Senator Marco Rubio , Republican of Florida Mr. Tillerson’s said on Twitter on Sunday , " Mr. Tillerson’s a ‘ friend of Vladimir’ is not an attribute I am hoping for from a Secretary of State . " Mr. Tillerson has opposed sanctions on Russia , which are the single greatest obstacle to foreign investment in that country . Russia has two enormous areas for new oil development , in the Barents Sea and the Bazhenov shale field in western Siberia , that are essentially closed to development because of a lack Russia capital and Russia . Exxon was poised to invest in both areas before the sanctions . Exxon operates in about 50 foreign countries , and Mr. Tillerson has relationships far and wide . Energy experts say he is particularly well versed in the affairs of Angola , two enormous areas for new oil development, in the Barents Sea and the Bazhenov shale field in western Siberia, that are essentially closed to development because of a lack of foreign capital and expertise Canada , Mexico , Nigeria Exxon Qatar . " My impression is he is a    corporate diplomat , " said Chase Untermeyer , who Mr. Tillerson United States ambassador to Qatar in the George W. Bush administration . " In my day in Qatar , he would come and go Mr. Tillerson meetings with the most senior leadership of the country . " But environmentalists and human rights groups Qatar already reacted to the likely appointment with alarm , saying Mr. Tillerson Qatar send Mr. Tillerson wrong message on the United States’ commitment to curbing climate change because Qatar spent his entire professional career at a     company . Also likely to come up at confirmation hearings would be Mr. Tillerson ’s potential interest in seeing Exxon succeed in Russia and elsewhere in the future . Mr. Tillerson to company Mr. Tillerson this year , Mr. Tillerson owned $ 218 million in company stock , and his pension plan was worth nearly $ 70 million . Raymond C. Offenheiser , president of Oxfam America , an antipoverty organization , said his group questioned how Mr. Tillerson would " balance the pressure to transact    deals Mr. Tillerson his larger responsibility to strengthen the rules and institutions Mr. Offenheiser the planet . " Mr. Offenheiser Mr. Tillerson " Under Tillerson ’s leadership , Mr. Offenheiser has continued to work Mr. Tillerson undermine climate science . " Mr. Tillerson is not always easy to define . Deeply conservative and committed to the Boy Scouts of America , he quietly pushed the organization to be open to gay rights . But under his leadership , Exxon was slow Mr. Tillerson explicit policies protecting gay employees from discrimination . Although reputed to be a decisive leader with a long view Mr. Tillerson he appeared slow to grasp the full potential of the United States’ shale the Boy Scouts of America . Exxon executives , speaking confidentially because they were not authorized to Exxon the potential nomination , argued that Mr. Tillerson had pushed for more research Mr. Tillerson advanced biofuels , carbon capture and sequestration , and carbon taxes to reduce greenhouse emissions . Mr. Tillerson has also moved the company toward acknowledging climate Exxon as a serious problem , Exxon he has strongly defended the company amid investigations by several state attorneys general into allegations that the company took public positions skeptical of climate change when its own scientists were warning of the risks of burning Mr. Tillerson . Meanwhile Exxon Tillerson ’s opposition to sanctions for Russia made sense given Exxon ’s interests Mr. Tillerson , Exxon . Exxon has been active in Russia for decades , and Exxon various joint ventures with Rosneft inside and outside Russia Exxon Western sanctions against Russia have hurt the company , costing it as much as a billion Mr. Tillerson estimates . The company is unable to collect revenue from an investment in an oil and gas consortium Exxon operates off Sakhalin Island Russia develop other unconventional projects Exxon like Arctic offshore and shale drilling . Mr. Tillerson Russia strong suit could be Russia knack for Exxon way in negotiations Exxon He can be expected to encourage the permitting of the Exxon pipeline , which would deliver more oil from the Canadian oil sands to American refineries . Having just successfully bid for a deepwater drilling block off the coast of Mexico , and understanding the importance of Mexico as a growing Mr. Tillerson gas export market Mr. Tillerson he can also be Mr. Tillerson to try to smooth relations with Mexico City . Some energy experts say Mr. Tillerson could encourage Mr. Trump to support   Donald J. Trump climate accord negotiated in Paris last December , but with added emphasis on the benefits of natural gas and ways to bury carbon waste . Mexico Tillerson , said Paul Bledsoe , Mr. Tillerson climate Mr. Tillerson adviser in the Clinton administration , " might bring Trump equal measures of new   Donald J. Trump and political cover to engage on international climate change issues . " 
 the George W. Bush administration Mr. Tillerson 