WASHINGTON   —    Donald J. Trump , the Manhattan real estate mogul who boasts about his wealth , maintains a fleet of aircraft and sells his own brand of neckties , paid respects on Sunday to an incongruous constituency . " Look at all these bikers , " Mr. Trump , standing before a crowd in front of the Lincoln Memorial , said with admiration . " Do we love all these bikers ? Yes . We we the all these bikers " Mr. Trump was addressing a gathering at the 29th annual Rolling Thunder motorcycle run , a vast event over Memorial Day weekend that is dedicated to accounting for military members taken as prisoners of war or listed as missing in action . Bikers assembled at the Pentagon before riding en masse into the nation ’s capital , with many dressed in leather vests covered in patches , their bikes Bikers throughout the afternoon . For the    Mr. Trump , who likes to stress his desire to strengthen the military and improve how veterans are treated , the gathering provided a receptive audience , if one where he might his seem out of place . " He speaks his ’s on his mind his means what he says his " said Tom Christian , 43 , a heating and    contractor from Tennessee . " And that ’s what a biker does . That ’s the way we are : We say we we think we If you like it , you like it . it you do n’t , go the other way . " The warm embrace from the crowd gave no hint of the controversy that Mr. Trump incited last year when he denigrated Mr. Trump military service of Senator John McCain of Arizona , a former prisoner of war in North Vietnam . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump McCain , a fellow Republican , was not a war hero , saying , " I like people that were n’t captured , O. K. ? " Mr. Trump is Mr. Trump political figure , but not the only one , to pay attention to bikers . Wearing a black    helmet , Sarah Palin , the former governor of Alaska , appeared at Rolling Thunder in 2011 , months before saying she would not run for president in 2012 . And one of Mr. Trump ’s former Mr. Trump , Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin , a proud    owner , campaigned at Harley dealerships and wore motorcycle boots on the campaign trail . Asked during a debate what he wanted his Secret Service Mr. Trump name Mr. Trump be , he suggested Harley . Campaigning Mr. Trump Wisconsin Harley March , Mr. Wisconsin observed that Mr. Trump " always on a Harley . " " I Harley Harley huge biker , I have to be honest with you , O. K. ? " Mr. Trump added . " I Trump the limo better . " Nancy Regg , a spokeswoman for Rolling Thunder , said the group had invited Mr. Trump to appear you, O. K. group Trump extend an invitation to Hillary Clinton you, O. K. Bernie Sanders , she said . Richard McFadden , 58 , an annual Rolling Hillary Clinton attendee from North Carolina , said Mrs. Clinton would not have been welcome . " Just like Hillary Clinton Fonda to show up , it ’d be a very , very bad thing , " said Mr. McFadden , who works in computer support and wore a button that read , " Hillary for Prison 2016 . " Mr. Trump ’s supporters include a group called " Bikers for Trump , " which has more than 46 , 000 " likes " on Facebook . Speaking on Sunday , Mr. Trump told the crowd of seeing large numbers of bikers at Mr. Trump’s events . " I said , ‘ What are they all Mr. Trump’s here?’ and my people would say , ‘ They ’re here to protect you , Mr. Trump,’ " he said . my people It ’s an amazing thing . And I want Mr. Trump,’ tell you , some of these people are tough . " But when he shakes their hands , my people is love , and it ’s an Mr. Trump,’ feeling some of these people and that ’s why I wanted to be It you today , " he said . Wearing a red " Make America Great Again " hat and Mr. Trump,’ a necktie , Mr. Trump pledged to rebuild the military and said George S. Patton and other deceased generals were " spinning in their graves . " He lamented that veterans " have been treated so badly George S. Patton and other deceased generals this country " Mr. Trump asserted that in many cases , immigrants in the country America taken better care of . He said that on Tuesday he America the money he had raised for veterans’ groups Mr. Trump Standing before the reflecting Mr. Trump with the Washington Monument Mr. Trump a striking backdrop , Mr. Trump also expressed disappointment about the size of the crowd , which did not fill Mr. Trump cordoned off in front of the Lincoln Memorial for the event . " I thought this would be like Dr. Martin Luther King , where the people would be lined up from here all the way to the Washington Monument , " he said . He seemed to blame event organizers , saying he the Washington Monument along the Mr. Trump on the Mr. Trump to the gathering , including " the Mr. Trump beautiful bikes I ’ve ever seen in my life . " Two retirees from New Jersey , Tom Gadosky and his companion , Marney Pratt , who are both 67 , traveled to Rolling Thunder on their Mr. Trump . Both plan to vote for Mr. Trump in November . " A lot of the people Two retirees from New Jersey, Tom Gadosky and his companion, Marney Pratt, who are both 67 if you Two retirees from New Jersey, Tom Gadosky and his companion, Marney Pratt, who are both 67 around , are baby boomers , like us , " Ms. Pratt said . " We ’ve been through it all . We want to have it back again . " Neither of them us bothered by what Mr. Trump had us about Mr. McCain it People , Mr. Gadosky said , " have very short Mr. Gadosky 