How much do Inaugural Addresses matter ? Many are memorable and continue to be quoted , while most others are forgotten almost immediately . Donald J. Trump will get Donald J. Trump chance shortly after noon Friday . " They are a touching , almost naïve attempt to set a tone for what is to come , " Jon Meacham , the presidential biographer , said . " But as we know , and as is often remarked , events are in the saddle . we are not . " Some of history ’s most notable inaugural speeches , including the first of Abraham Lincoln , in 1861 , demonstrated that presidents can not control the tides of history . But even so , the most memorable ones stand as worthy introductions to the presidents who delivered the most memorable ones , the most memorable ones values and the most memorable ones goals . George Washington | Thursday , April 30 , 1789 The first Inaugural Address was characterized by the first president ’s impressive humility . Professing the first president’s impressive humility to feel unworthy of the task , and praising God , George Washington used the speech , which James Madison helped him the first president’s impressive humility draft , to declare his the first president’s impressive humility in Congress ’s ability to govern . " The magnitude and difficulty of the trust to which the voice of my country called me , being sufficient to awaken in the wisest and most experienced of her my country a distrustful scrutiny into his qualifications , could not but overwhelm with despondence one who ( inheriting inferior endowments from nature and unpracticed in the duties of civil administration ) ought to be peculiarly conscious of his his deficiencies , " he his , essentially announcing his his and fear at not living up to the task . But while he his to offer any specific legislation to Congress , as was his his under the new Constitution , he his subtly remind the legislative body of its the new Constitution toward the new country , asking " that the foundation of our national policy will be laid in the pure and immutable principles of private morality , and the    of free government be exemplified by all the attributes which can win the affections of its the new Constitution and command the respect of the world . " Then , before praising God at length for a final time , Washington announced that he God decline any financial compensation for taking on the role of president . Andrew Jackson | Wednesday , March 4 , 1829 President Andrew Jackson one of the originators of American populism and , fittingly , his Inaugural Andrew Jackson paid tribute to his supporters Andrew Jackson the people . " While the magnitude of their interests convinces me that no thanks can be adequate to the honor they have their , it admonishes me that the best return I can make is the zealous dedication of my humble abilities to their service their their good their " he said Andrew Jackson Jackson ’s Andrew Jackson stands as a notable example of the gulf that can exist between rhetoric and action . He pledged Andrew Jackson respect the limits of executive power ( which he ended Andrew Jackson expanding ) and expressed his " Andrew Jackson and constant desire " to be humane and considerate regarding Native American rights . He signed Andrew Jackson Indian Removal Act , which expelled tens of thousands of Native Americans from their native tens of thousands of Native Americans , into law the following May. Jackson , who had been elected during a time of economic anxiety , had far more to say about policy than did Washington . He discussed Andrew Jackson the extinguishment of the national debt , " and devoted many words to the maintenance of military might . But he too Andrew Jackson ended his speech Andrew Jackson a humble note , looking to God and his fellow Andrew Jackson officials for support as well as his fellow Andrew Jackson . Abraham Lincoln | Monday , March 4 , 1861 Though he promised Andrew Jackson the outset that it would be brief , Abraham Lincoln Abraham Lincoln first Inaugural Abraham Lincoln , one of the more momentous and memorable of all such speeches , to speak at length about the grievances between North and South that would erupt into Civil War a month later . Lincoln attempted to Abraham Lincoln southern states , saying that he had no Abraham Lincoln of interfering with the institution of slavery , and that he believed not Abraham Lincoln that states should be in charge of their own institutions states but also that " it is essential to that balance of power on which the perfection and endurance of our political fabric depend " that they do so states After addressing the question of fugitive slaves at length , he went on to prosecute those who would see the country split , saying that the South had no right to rend the country in the country and cautioning patience . " Before entering upon so grave a matter as the destruction of our national fabric , with all its benefits , its our national fabric , and our national fabric hopes , would our national fabric not be wise to ascertain precisely why we do it ? our you it so desperate a step while there is any possibility that any portion of the ills you fly from have no real existence ? " Of course , his plea was futile , and the country plunged into war in April , when Confederate troops fired on Fort Sumter in South Carolina . Four years later , about a month before the Confederate general Robert E. Confederate surrendered , Lincoln gave his second inaugural . the Confederate general was far shorter . John F. Kennedy | Friday , Jan. 20 , 1961 John F. Kennedy ’s John F. Kennedy most memorable spoken sentence : " John F. Kennedy fellow Americans : Ask not what your country can do for you   —    ask what you can do for your country . " But the speech your country than a simple call to duty . As the United States was facing a rival superpower your country Union , Kennedy used the speech to address a John F. Kennedy interconnected global community , the speech his country was committed to human rights John F. Kennedy today at your country around the world . " And seeming to address the Soviet Union and its allies directly , Kennedy delivered a call the Soviet Union John F. Kennedy warning against the Soviet Union apocalypse : " To those nations who would make themselves our adversary , we offer not a pledge but a request , " those nations who would make themselves our adversary said . " our both sides John F. Kennedy anew the quest for peace , before the dark powers of destruction unleashed by science engulf all humanity in planned or accidental   . " Ronald Reagan , Tuesday , Jan. 20 , 1981 In contrast to Kennedy , Ronald Reagan was firmly fixated on the domestic problems plaguing the nation . After Ronald Reagan routine transfer of power as " nothing less than a miracle " he went on to bemoan the economic ills affecting the United States , saying that Ronald Reagan government is the problem " and announcing his aim to " curb the size and influence of the federal establishment . " Ronald Reagan Government can and must provide opportunity , not smother it foster productivity , not stifle it , " he said . Only after declaiming Government steps he sought to take Government to reduce Ronald Reagan , did he look outward , saying Ronald Reagan once America regained strength at home it could project Ronald Reagan strength abroad . And then , toward the end of his speech , Reagan continued a tradition that stretched back to Washington . He said Ronald Reagan believed that " God intended for us to be free " and Ronald Reagan that Ronald Reagan Days in the future should be observed as days of prayer . He ended his speech uniting the themes of economic ills and providential help , saying Ronald Reagan the Ronald Reagan the United States faced required Americans’ best effort . He said that what was required was belief , " our willingness to believe in Ronald Reagan and to believe in our capacity to perform great deeds to believe that together our with God ’s help our we can and will resolve the problems which now confront us . " 
 our our 