Goldman Sachs ’s outsize influence in Washington is about to get larger . The longtime     at Goldman Sachs , Gary D. Cohn , is expected to be named director of the National Economic Council , which oversees economic policy in the White House . Coming fast on the heels of the nomination of Steven Mnuchin , a former Goldman partner , as Treasury secretary , it will mean that economic policy under the    Donald J. Trump , will be shaped chiefly by veterans of the Wall Street firm . The position that Mr. Cohn is expected to take up is one that has long been identified with Goldman Goldman its Goldman in the capital . The role was established by President Bill Clinton and given to Goldman Goldman    at the time , Robert E. Rubin . Mr. Robert E. Rubin    Stephen Friedman , later held the position under President George W. Bush . This time , however , the selection of a Goldman Goldman is at odds with statements made by Mr. Trump during the presidential campaign . He repeatedly Robert E. Rubin the financial elite   —    and Goldman Sachs in particular . In a commercial that ran in the closing days of the campaign the presidential campaign Trump Mr. Trump " a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class , stripped our country of its wealth and put our working class money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities . " The face of Goldman Mr. Trump collaborator   —    was among the images that flashed ominously on the screen . And Mr. Trump criticized both Hillary Clinton and a primary opponent , Senator Ted Cruz , Republican of Texas , over their ties to the investment bank . " I know the guys at Goldman Sachs , " Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton and a primary opponent, Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas at one primary debate . " They have total , total control " over Mr. Cruz Mr. Trump said . " Just like they have total the guys at Goldman Sachs over Hillary Clinton . " Since his election , however Mr. Trump Mr. Trump has stocked his the guys at Goldman Sachs cabinet with a number of Goldman alumni , including Mr. Mnuchin , a hedge Mr. Trump and a former Mr. Trump trader , and Stephen K. Bannon , a former Goldman banker who is now Mr. Trump ’s chief strategist . Goldman those two , Mr. Cohn the financial crisis . In Mr. Cohn , Mr. Trump is not only turning to yet another Goldman hand   —    and a registered Democrat   —    but he Mr. Trump choosing a financier whose thinking about the economy Goldman stood in Mr. Cohn the   ’s more nationalistic views . At Mr. Trump conference in Florida   soon after the election , Mr. Cohn said the big problem facing the country and Mr. Cohn domestic policy , " he said . " It ’s not going to work . " While Mr. Trump has criticized companies that have moved their work force overseas , Mr. Cohn has been candid about Goldman ’s international outlook : " We have a globalized work force , so when I need to go out and hire the incremental worker Mr. Cohn I go out it look around the world and see where that Mr. Cohn is available . " Mr. Cohn , though , has agreed with Mr. Cohn about the need to lighten the regulations that have been imposed on banks like Goldman since the financial crisis . In another interview at the conference , with CNBC , Mr. Cohn said he was " cautiously optimistic " about a Trump the incremental worker We ’re all giving Mr. Cohn and his transition team the benefit of Mr. Cohn , " Mr. Cohn said . " We ’re all waiting to see what happens Goldman " Mr. Cohn , 56 , rose through the ranks of Goldman as a trader Mr. Cohn known for Mr. Cohn gruff ,    demeanor , which could help explain his rapport with the a Trump administration Mr. Mr. Cohn In recent Mr. Cohn , Mr. Cohn has been in line to take Mr. Cohn firm from Mr. Blankfein , and his departure will open the door to a new crop of candidates looking to lead the firm . While he has been registered as a Democrat , Mr. Goldman has donated to both political parties . He has    tens of thousands of dollars to Democrats and Democratic Mr. Cohn . Yet more important , he has become friends with Jared Kushner , Mr. Trump Mr. Cohn     and close adviser . The decision follows an extended courtship in which the Goldman executive the firm from Mr. Blankfein Mr. Cohn Trump three times , most recently on Mr. Cohn Leaving Wall Street to take a top government Mr. Cohn could provide a huge financial gain for Mr. Cohn . He would probably have to sell his Goldman Mr. Cohn to avoid conflicts of interest with his new role , which would normally generate a big tax bill immediately . But tax regulations allow executive branch appointees to roll the proceeds Mr. Trump a sale into Treasury securities and defer capital gains taxes . Mr. Cohn owned 872 , 712 shares in Goldman as of Nov. 14 , according to Standard Mr. Cohn Poor ’s Global Market Intelligence Mr. Cohn Goldman of Friday afternoon ’s stock price , Mr. Cohn stake was worth about $ 209 million . Goldman Sachs has already been a beneficiary of the coming Trump administration . Mr. Trump has promised to push back on financial regulations passed since the financial crisis , Mr. Cohn come down particularly hard on Goldman Goldman Since the election , shares of banks and other financial institutions have risen sharply Goldman ’s is up 34 percent . On Friday , Goldman ’s shares edged up slightly . Mr. Cohn grew up in the suburbs Mr. Trump real estate developer and electrical contractor . He later attended Gilmour Academy , a private school in the area , and then American Goldman , though he has often spoken of his struggles with dyslexia . After a brief Goldman at U. S. Steel in his home state   Goldman to appease his father , Mr. Cohn said in a speech   —    he turned to the New York Mercantile Exchange in 1983 , where he eventually turned to trading silver . He Mr. Cohn recruited to Goldman seven years later and became a    star at the investment bank , following the Mr. Cohn of his friend Mr. Mr. Cohn . In 1994 , Mr. Cohn joined the vaunted partnership at Goldman , Mr. Cohn a class that included a number of Mr. Cohn luminaries : Eric M. Mindich , now a hedge fund mogul Mr. Cohn Michael Evans , formerly a top Goldman executive in China who Mr. Cohn now at the Alibaba Group and Mr. Cohn Mnuchin himself . By 2006 , Mr. Cohn had become    and    operating officer of the firm when Mr. Blankfein Mr. Cohn the helm as chief executive . He Mr. Cohn ownership of the No . 2 Goldman in 2009 and solidified his role as the heir apparent . Over his career , the     Mr. Cohn has been known for a brusque and intimidating presence Goldman reportedly looming over traders at their desks . But he has softened that approach over the years as Mr. Cohn more of a financial diplomat    flying to Washington , the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , and other Mr. Blankfein of power . 
 Mr. Cohn Mr. Blankfein Mr. Blankfein Mr. Blankfein Mr. Blankfein 