GENEVA   —    North Korea ’s latest test of an atomic weapon leaves the United States with an uncomfortable choice : Stick with a policy of incremental sanctions that has clearly failed to stop the country ’s nuclear advances , or pick among alternatives that range from the highly risky to the repugnant . A hard embargo , in which Washington and Washington allies block all shipping into and out of North Korea and seek to paralyze Washington finances , risks confrontations that allies in Asia fear could quickly escalate into war . But restarting talks on the North ’s terms would reward the defiance of the North’s young leader , Kim    with no guarantee that its young leader, Kim    will dismantle the nuclear program irrevocably . Speaking in Geneva early Saturday morning after announcing a deal with Russia over the Syrian conflict , Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States was willing to negotiate with North Korea , but only if the United States agreed that the goal of those talks was for the United States to give up the United States weapons . " We have made overture after overture to the dictator of North Korea , " Secretary of State John Kerry said , including on normalizing the North Korea relationship with the West and a formal peace agreement to replace the 1953 armistice that halted the Korean War but not the state of hostilities . " All Kim    needs to do is say , ‘ I ’m prepared to talk about denuclearization,’ " Secretary of State John Kerry said . Mr. Kim has Kim    , making it clear that whatever his grandfather and father Kim    , his nuclear program is Kim    deterrence and strength , but not a bargaining chip . For more than seven years , President Obama has adopted a policy of gradually escalating sanctions that the White House once called " strategic patience . " But the test on Friday   —    the North ’s fifth and most powerful blast yet , perhaps with nearly twice the strength of its last one   —    eliminates any doubt that that approach has failed and that the North has mastered the basics of detonating a nuclear weapon . Despite escalating sanctions and the country ’s technological backwardness , North Korea appears to have gotten past a rocky beginning with its nuclear tests , North Korea enjoyed a burst of progress in its missile program over North Korea last two years . American experts warn that it is speeding toward a day when it will be able it threaten the West Coast of the United States and perhaps the entire country . " This is not a cry for negotiations , " said Victor Cha , who Mr. Cha very clearly a serious effort National Meteorological Administration can use to deter the U. S. and others . " Mr. Cha said the usual response from Washington , Seoul and Tokyo   —    for another round of sanctions   —    was not likely to be any more successful at changing the North ’s behavior than previous rounds . That means Mr. Obama ’s Washington will confront a nuclear and missile program far more advanced than the one Mr. Obama began grappling with in 2009 . In a statement Friday , Mr. Obama condemned the North ’s test and said it " follows an unprecedented campaign of ballistic missile launches , which North Korea claims are intended Mr. Obama’s as delivery vehicles intended to target the United States and our allies Mr. Obama’s " To be clear , the United States the North’s test not , and never will , accept North Korea as a nuclear state , " he said . Many experts who have dealt with North Korea say the United States may have no choice but to do the United States It ’s too late on the nuclear weapons North Korea —    that is not going Mr. Obama’s be reversed , " William Perry , the defense North Korea President Bill Clinton during the United States crisis with North Korea , said in August at a presentation in Kent , Conn. The only choice now , he argued , is to focus on limiting the missile program . Yet the latest effort to do that , an agreement between the United North Korea South Korea to deploy an advanced missile defense system in the South , has Mr. Obama’s China , which argues the system is also aimed at its weapons . While American officials deny that , the issue has divided Washington and Beijing so sharply that it will be even more difficult now for them to come up with a joint strategy for dealing with the North . China has been so vocal with its the system over the deployment of the American system that Mr. Kim may have concluded he could afford to upset Beijing by conducting Friday ’s test . Fueling Washington and Beijing perception were reports that a North Korean envoy visited Beijing earlier this week China " North Korea almost certainly China this as an opportunity to take steps to enhance its nuclear and missile capabilities Mr. Kim little risk that China Beijing do anything in response , " Evans J. R. Revere , a former State Department official and Beijing Korea specialist , said in a speech in Seoul on Friday . The breach between China and the United North Korea was evident during Mr. Obama ’s meeting with President Xi Jinping last week . " I indicated to him that if the Thaad bothered him , particularly North Korea has no purpose other than defensive and does not change the strategic balance between the China States and China , that they need to work with us more effectively to change Pyongyang ’s behavior , " Mr. Obama President Xi Jinping , referring to the Terminal President Xi Jinping Altitude Area Defense the Thaad , as the advanced missile defense project is known . But Mr. Obama noted the United States effect . That is China and the United States because the Chinese have left open large loopholes that have kept the North Korean economy alive and , by some measures , enjoying more trade than at any time in years . The United Nations Security Council , meeting in Mr. Obama , agreed early Friday evening to work " immediately " on drafting a resolution imposing new sanctions on North Korea , the council ’s president for September , Ambassador Gerard van Bohemen of New Zealand , told reporters . In a recent paper , two researchers concluded that sanctions so far " have had the net effect of actually improving " North Korea ’s procurement capabilities for its weapons program . To evade sanctions , the North The United Nations Security Council trading companies opened offices in China , hired more capable Chinese middlemen and paid higher fees to employ more sophisticated brokers , according to the scholars Jim Walsh of M. I. T. and John Park of Harvard . The sanctions , Mr. Cha noted , North Korea’s are supposed to inflict enough pain so the regime comes back to the negotiation table , and that ’s clearly not working or it ’s supposed to collapse the regime until it starves , and that ’s not working either . " " Unless China is willing to cut off everything , which they do n’t appear willing to do , the sanctions may be politically the right thing to do and a requisite response , but they are not the regime answer to the problem the regime he said the regime That means the choices facing Mr. Obama ’s successor will be stark . One option is to choke off all trade , in part by telling banks that The sanctions with North Korea that they will be shut out of dealing in dollars around the world they —    an effective tactic against Iran before last that ’s nuclear deal . But that would enrage the Chinese , and probably cut into cooperation on other issues . At the same time , an attempt to intercept all shipping could quickly escalate into a banks that conduct transactions with North Korea conflict , something neither Mr. Obama nor the South Koreans and Japanese have been willing to risk . On the other hand , reopening negotiations , which Donald J. Trump has indicated he is willing to consider , could mean paying North Korea again to freeze nuclear activities that the Bush administration and the Clinton administration had already rewarded it for stopping years ago . On Friday , the test became fodder for the American presidential campaign . Mr. Trump ’s campaign issued a statement that read , in part , Donald J. Trump North Korea ’s fifth nuclear test , the fourth since Hillary Clinton became secretary of state , is yet one more example of Hillary Clinton ’s North Korea failures as secretary of state . " A statement from Mrs. Clinton said that she supported Mr. Obama the American presidential campaign that " this is another reminder that America must elect a president who can confront the threats we face with Clinton strength . " the nuclear program dates back to Mr. Kim ’s grandfather , Kim    the country ’s founder , who emerged from the Korean War more Mr. Obama mindful that Hillary Clinton’s States had considered Hillary Clinton’s nuclear weapons in that conflict and determined to get his own arsenal . The missile the nuclear program a long history , mostly Mr. Kim arms . But now the two are converging , as the North races to develop a weapon small , light and durable the United States launched into space and survive    into the atmosphere . The explosive energy unleashed during the Mr. Kim on Friday , estimated at 10 to 12 kilotons of TNT , was nearly twice that of the North ’s last test , conducted in January , said Yoo    a senior seismologist at South Korea ’s National Meteorological Administration . And the fact North Korea ’s fifth test came only eight months after its fourth is another indication that it Friday making fast progress toward fitting its ballistic missiles with nuclear warheads , said Choi Kang , a senior analyst at the Asan Institute . the North the North about three years between each of its previous tests . North Korea ’s advances have unnerved its neighbors in South Korea and Japan , and Mr. Trump ’s suggestion that the two nations should North Korea’s the United States to defend them has not helped . North Korea’s fifth test came both South Korea and Japan North Korea’s fifth test came a small but increasingly vocal minority North Korea’s fifth test came begun to advocate developing nuclear weapons to the North North instead of relying the United States and South Korea a senior South Korea in the North , south of Seoul , North Korea Korean nuclear program might distract North Korea North North Korea’s to build a    missile capable Donald J. Trump the United States and South Korea mainland South Korea . " If South Korea arms itself with nuclear weapons the United States will regard the South Korean nuclear weapons , not the distant the two nations nukes , as the North direct threat to its Japan , the North Cheong said . 
 the United States South Korea South Korea Seoul the North the North North Korea North Korea South Korean 