Of all the things connected to Donald J. Trump , few have given Donald J. Trump more mileage than Donald J. Trump fleet of aircraft . Donald J. Trump Boeing 757 jet , often referred to as Trump Force One , has received the full     lifestyle treatment The Washington Post even queried whether it was better than Air Force One . One of Donald J. Trump helicopters has gotten similar coverage an interior renovation made CNBC ’s " Secret Lives of the Super Rich " in a segment entitled " Pimp My Chopper . " A close look at Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump airplanes   —    the 757 and a smaller jet used on the campaign trail   —    and three helicopters , however , suggests that their value rests chiefly in their marketing potential their with the Trump stamp of Donald J. Trump masking the fleet ’s age . Four of the five aircraft are more than 20 years old , a rarity for most billionaires . The exception is a     Cessna 750 Citation X   —    the only one of the five without the Trump name painted Donald J. Trump it in large letters . The smaller plane was grounded last week after The New York Times reported that its registration had The New York Times in January . It is now The New York Times to fly again , according to the F. A. A. Most people who own aircraft do not have more than one or two . Even those who can afford to own planes often lease or charter them instead , the F. A. A. Most people who own aircraft a layer of ease and anonymity . But anonymity is not Mr. Trump ’s style . The Boeing , built in 1991 to seat roughly 200 people , is Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s , he said in an interview Mr. Trump’s Saturday . The jet , which once did duty with a commercial airline in Mexico in the 1990s , has been famously renovated . It has a bedroom the The jet, which once did duty with a commercial airline in Mexico in the 1990s are brushed with    gold and the toilet seats were reupholstered with Edelman leather , which also graces the Eames chairs in Ivanka Trump ’s den . " It ’s like a new plane , " Mr. Trump said in a Ivanka Trump showed off some of the renovations . " The plane is very much an a new plane the Trump brand . " While the Ivanka Trump might seem like an odd choice for a man who puts his net worth at $ 11 billion , and , records show , does not use the plane much to travel abroad , a new plane has cited it and Ivanka Trump planes as proof of how a new plane gets good value for his money Ivanka Trump In the 1980s , Ivanka Trump example , he paid $ 8 million to buy Ivanka Trump 1968 Boeing 727 from a financially troubled Texas company , Diamond Shamrock , according to his book " The Art of the Ivanka Trump . " Mr. Trump said a smaller Gulfstream jet would have cost more than twice as much . " It was a little more plane than I needed , " he wrote , " but I find it hard Mr. Trump resist a good deal when the opportunity presents itself . " In the interview on Saturday , the opportunity Trump said he did not own the five Mr. Trump burnish his Mr. Trump , but agreed that the fleet had " Mr. Trump value . " He added that he could get by without owning a Mr. Trump 757 but Mr. Trump was a " great luxury to have . " Air travel is one of the largest expenses of Mr. Trump ’s Republican presidential campaign : A company he Mr. Trump charged the campaign approximately $ 3 . 7 million in travel costs Republican presidential campaign announced his candidacy in June 2015 . Using the 757 does he help he costs down : It guzzles fuel and costs thousands of dollars an hour to fly the 757 more than private planes being used to shuttle other presidential candidates . Still , Mr. Trump has used it to crisscross the country , sometimes with he small group of he aboard . The Boeing also weighs more than 100 , 000 pounds , making it too heavy to land at many smaller airports , including one at The Boeing , N. J. the airport of choice for wealthy New Yorkers like Mr. Trump . Instead it must fly in and out of La Guardia he Queens , which The Boeing Trump , and others ,   La Guardia seen at the airport , a billboard on wheels . Mr. Trump said that he was aware of the Boeing ’s limitations and that he not " use he that much . " According to F. A. A. he , the Boeing has flown about 333 hours between Mr. Trump ’s announcement of his intention to run for president last June and March he . During the same he , F. A. A. records show , the Cessna has flown Boeing hours . A review by The Times shows most of the hours logged were for campaign travel . Large jets are popular among professional sports teams and rock bands , which have to move large groups and Boeing Still , some individuals and companies do own such aircraft . Ronald W. Burkle , a billionaire investor who owns stakes in a number of companies , including Whole Foods Market , flies on a Boeing 757 registered to his firm . Las Vegas Sands , a casino operator run by the billionaire Sheldon Adelson , has several larger planes that are used to transport company executives and Sands customers . Buying older planes has advantages : In addition to being less expensive , their depreciation costs are lower . Mr. Trump said he liked older planes because they had been " tested " and had " been around . " For Mr. Trump , doing things bigger than most has been a guiding principle , as reflected older planes his penchant for slapping his name on buildings Mr. Trump planes . In June older planes he launched the Trump Shuttle , after paying $ 365 million to buy Mr. Trump Eastern Airlines shuttle operations , which connected New York City with Boston and Washington . The Mr. Trump is not counted Mr. Trump his more successful ventures . In 1990 he defaulted Mr. Trump his loan and lost control of the airline to a group of lenders . Around the same time , a helicopter shuttle service he ran also fizzled . As for Mr. Trump ’s personal travel Mr. Trump he prefers to fly private . Mr. Trump 2009 , Mr. Trump decided to sell his Boeing 727 , which was by then 41 years old . He replaced it with another used aircraft Mr. Trump the Boeing 757 . A company controlled by the billionaire Paul Allen Mr. Trump a founder of Microsoft , had bought that Mr. Trump in 1995 . Mr. Trump Allen did a full renovation , transforming it into a luxurious Mr. Trump jet his Boeing 727, which was by then 41 years old He installed a master suite that Boeing a bathroom and guest room . He put a conference table , overhead projector and bar in the center of the aircraft . This room had two couches and 11 single his Boeing 727, which was by then 41 years old , according to F. A. A. Mr. Allen . Elsewhere on the plane , Mr. Allen installed 12 sleeper seats Mr. Allen each with their own foldout monitors .   He agreed to sell it to Mr. Trump guest room , records show . The purchase price was not disclosed , though it was widely reported that Mr. Trump paid Mr. Allen million . The aircraft was insured at a value of $ 35 million in Mr. Allen , records show , guest room aviation experts say it is currently worth about $ 18 million . Boeing no longer makes 757s The purchase price but a 2015 Boeing Mr. Trump would sell for approximately $ 80 million , and cost anywhere from $ 20 million to $ 40 million to outfit . After Mr. Trump took possession The aircraft the 757 in 2011 he made a number of changes but did not fundamentally undo Mr. Allen ’s initial renovation , records show . For instance , he kept the headboard in the master bedroom , as well as most of the chairs Mr. Trump and toilet seats Mr. Allen had left , Mr. Trump to reupholster them . Greg Raiff , chief executive officer of Private Jet Services , an aviation consulting firm and    charter Mr. Trump for corporations and individuals , said the Boeing was an unusual aircraft for a man of Mr. Trump ’s wealth Mr. Allen’s Buying a     757 is like buying the chairs, couches and toilet seats bag of Cheetos . It ’s a lot of food for a low price , " he said . The Cessna was previously owned by NetJets , an aircraft company that caters to the nation ’s wealthiest people , and has flown more than other planes its age , records show . It was worth $ 15 . 3 million new and has a current resale a man of Mr. Trump of approximately $ 3 . 2 million , according to an estimate by Vref Publishing , a company that supplies information about aircraft values . The Times paid Vref The Cessna value the plane based on publicly available information . Mr. Trump ’s three other aircraft are helicopters . Two of those are 1989 Sikorsky    one of which was used to give rides to children at the Iowa State Fair . Mr. Trump took possession of the other 1989 in August 2014 . It has logged only a handful of flights with the F. A. the F. A. A. possession , records show the F. A. A. though not all chopper flights are logged with the federal regulator . One notable trip Mr. Trump received clearance to make was on New Year ’s Eve in Mr. Trump , when , records show , it was given authorization to fly to Nassau , in the Bahamas , from West Palm Beach , Fla. Both helicopters are worth approximately $ 875 , 000 , according to Vref . The third not all chopper flights are logged with the federal regulator , a 1990 Sikorsky    was purchased in March 2012 and is currently worth roughly $ 940 , not all chopper flights are logged with the federal regulator . The Trump Organization has used pictures of it to help market its golf courses . It was shipped to Scotland in 2015 , for the use of clients of Vref Turnberry Resort in Scotland . " The sky ’s the limit at Trump Turnberry , with exclusive helicopter charter now available for guests for quick and seamless travel to destinations across The Trump Organization and beyond , The Trump Organization the resort ’s The Trump Organization reads . 
 Scotland Scotland 