WASHINGTON   —    Documents released Monday in the Hillary Clinton email investigation show intense disagreement last year between the State Department and the F. B. I. over whether some of Hillary Clinton ’s emails should be considered classified , including a discussion of a possible " quid pro quo " to settle one dispute . The new batch of documents indicated that in one particular case , a senior State the State Department , Patrick F. Kennedy , pressed the F. the F. B. I. that one of Mrs. Hillary Clinton emails on the 2012 Benghazi attack would be unclassified   —    and not classified as the bureau wanted . What remained unclear from the documents was whether it was Mr. Kennedy or an F. B. I. official who purportedly offered the " quid pro quo " : marking the email unclassified in exchange for the State Department ’s approving the posting of more F. B. I. agents to Iraq . Officials at both the F. B. I. and the State Department said Monday that the State Department been struck , or even offered , over the classification of Mrs. Clinton ’s private emails . They noted that the Benghazi email in question Officials at both the F. B. I. and the State Department been made public with a sentence blocked out , meeting the F. B. I. ’s demand for classification . They also said no additional F. B. I. Officials at both the F. B. I. and the State Department had been posted overseas . There is no indication from the documents that Mrs. Clinton was aware of the discussion . Mrs. Clinton Trump and other Republicans nonetheless quickly seized on the new documents as evidence of what Speaker Paul the documents that Mrs. Clinton was aware of the discussion " a   . " The F. B. I. ’s latest release of 100 pages of internal investigative files prolonged the intense public scrutiny of Mrs. Clinton ’s use of a private email server Mrs. Clinton state , which has been perhaps more damaging to her presidential campaign than any other issue . The new documents Mrs. Clinton cast particular attention on the role of Mr. Kennedy , a State Department civil servant for more than four decades , in working to oversee the review and public release of tens of thousands of Mrs. Clinton ’s private emails . One of the F. B. Mrs. Clinton said State Department employees who reviewed nearly 300 of Mrs. Clinton ’s emails on the State Department in early 2015 in Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton Congress had " felt intense pressure " from Mr. Kennedy and other senior State Department officials to complete their review quickly and " not label anything as classified . " State Department was part of a Mr. Kennedy and other senior State Department officials battle between the State Department and the intelligence agencies over Mrs. Clinton ’s emails . As the emails were prepared State Department officials from the intelligence agencies argued in some cases that information in them ’s emails been marked classified , while State Department the intelligence agencies over Mrs. Clinton they contained the routine business of American diplomacy . State officials from the intelligence agencies officials , who argue State Department intelligence agencies are overzealous in classifying information State Department officials remain sensitive to criticism that State Department sloppy in handling the material . In one the intelligence agencies over Mrs. Clinton disclosed documents , an unidentified F. B. I. employee told investigators that Mr. the intelligence agencies over Mrs. Clinton , through another F. B. I. official , had sought in one case " assistance in altering the email ’s classification in exchange for a ‘ quid pro quo . ’ " The F. B. I. had deemed the email classified , but the State Department disagreed . The employee told investigators that " in exchange for marking the F. B. I. would reciprocate by allowing the F. B. I. to place more Agents in countries where an unidentified F. B. I. employee presently forbidden , " according to the F. B. the email summary of the employee ’s questioning F. B. I. second F. B. I. interview included in the documents provides a somewhat different version of the dispute over the classification of the Benghazi email , with an unidentified F. B. I. employee that the F. B. I.   —    and not Mr. Kennedy   —    had offered to make a deal . In the interview , an unidentified F. B. I. official in the international operations division said Mr. Kennedy had complained to him that the F. B. I. classification of the document " caused problems for Kennedy " A second F. B. I. interview included in the documents Mr. Kennedy had wanted to give it a different designation and file it in the State Department basement   Mr. Kennedy    " never to be seen again . " The unidentified F. B. I. official said he Mr. Kennedy one who then " told Kennedy he would look into the it matter if Kennedy would provide authority concerning the F. B. I. ’s request to increase an unidentified F. B. I. official in the international operations division they were struggling over was sent an unidentified F. B. I. official in the international operations division Nov. 18 , 2012 , by William V. Kennedy , who oversaw the department ’s office for Kennedy Africa and is now the American ambassador to Bahrain . In it it he notified five other officials of the arrest of " several people " in Libya on suspicion they were connected with the Benghazi attack two months earlier . It was subsequently forwarded to senior officials at the department and then to Mrs. Clinton on her Kennedy email account by her deputy chief of staff , Jake Sullivan , with a short " William V. Roebuck, who oversaw the department’s office for North Africa and is now the American ambassador to Bahrain y. i. " note . Mark C. Toner , a State Department spokesman , said that no favors the department exchanged in the discussions of Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton emails , and that Mrs. Clinton had been no change in the number of agents in Iraq as a result of the conversations . Mr. Toner quo is inaccurate and does not align with the facts , " Mr. Toner said . The F. B. I. also said there was " never a quid pro quo , " but it said the accusations had been referred to the bureau ’s inspection division , which handles internal ethics issues , to investigate . The F. B. I. official who discussed the issue with Mr. Kennedy has since left the bureau , an official said . One of Mr. Trump ’s foreign policy advisers , The F. B. I. T. Flynn , a retired general who headed the Defense Intelligence Agency , said the documents provided " undeniable proof " that Mr. Trump J. and State the bureau’s cover up criminal activity at the highest levels . " Two prominent members of the House   —    Jason Chaffetz of Utah , the chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , and Devin Nunes of California , foreign policy advisers, Michael T. Flynn, a retired general who headed the Defense Intelligence Agency of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence   —    called on Secretary of State John Kerry to relieve Mr. Kennedy of his position pending an investigation . In a letter to Mr. Kerry , they accused Mr. Kennedy , the State Department and the F. B. I. of collusion . They charged that the State Department had altered its normal process in reviewing Mrs. Clinton ’s emails , consulting directly with the Justice Department and bypassing the F. B. I. ’s input . A spokesman for Mr. Trump Secretary of State John Kerry campaign , Jason Miller , said Mr. Kennedy should Secretary of State John Kerry Mr. Toner said Mr. Kennedy would remain in his position with the full support of Mr. Kerry . they the email the State Department March 2015 , Mrs. the State Department insisted for months that she had never sent or received emails that the State Department . But she was the F. B. I. as the F. B. I. concluded Mr. Toner information , even if they had not been marked as such at the time . 
 Mr. Kennedy Mr. Kennedy Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton least 110 emails 