Executives at 21st Century Fox decided to end the tenure of Roger Ailes after lawyers they hired to investigate an allegation of sexual harassment against Fox took statements from at least six other women who described inappropriate behavior from Mr. Ailes , two people briefed on the inquiry said Wednesday . One of two people said that the details of the allegations , while unverified , were troubling enough that they two people 21st Century Fox little choice but to force an end to Mr. Ailes ’s reign as chairman and chief executive of Fox News , given the potential liability they presented reign as chairman and chief executive of Fox News the company Fox News and in terms of its own corporate Fox News . The people with knowledge of the state of discussions over Mr. Mr. Ailes agreement said both sides were working toward an accommodation that would recognize Mr. Ailes ’s Mr. Ailes company as the founder and leader Fox News News , which sits atop the cable news ratings and is a major profit engine for 21st Century Fox . The agreement could also include a provision for Mr. Ailes’s exit agreement continue with Fox Mr. Ailes a consultant . But given the personalities and complications involved , the situation was fluid enough that no accommodation had been reached by Wednesday night . Fox News did not respond to requests for comment on the status of the discussions or on the investigation , which is being conducted by the law firm Paul , Weiss , Rifkind , Wharton   Garrison . Lawyers for Mr. Ailes did not respond to requests for comment . Mr. Ailes has denied the allegations of sexual harassment Mr. Ailes than a dozen Fox News staff members , including some top stars , have publicly supported him . The people briefed on the investigation , who Mr. Ailes not speak for attribution because of the sensitivity of the investigation , stressed that it was narrowly focused on the allegations against Mr. Ailes the investigation and not the broader climate at the Mr. Ailes But Mr. Ailes ’s departure will have much wider implications . Given Mr. Ailes place as a central hub for conservative opinion   — Fox News to mention as a primary outlet for the Republican nominee for president , Donald J. Trump   —    the shape of its    operation goes beyond corporate intrigue at 21st Century Fox , and could Fox News consequences for the national political dialogue . In the two weeks since Gretchen Carlson , a former Fox anchor , filed suit against Mr. Ailes , the Murdoch family , which 21st Century Fox 21st Century Fox , has made it clear that its decision to take the allegations seriously was in keeping with its desire to Murdoch modern standards for office conduct , and that these needed Murdoch extend to Fox News , as well . The question in the    environment is to what extent the Murdochs decide to continue on with Mr. Ailes ’s current management team . That , in turn , could determine the future approach and look of the network , which is the outlet of choice for    viewers seeking an alternative to the mainstream media . Speculation about who Mr. Ailes ’s successor would be transfixed the media world on Wednesday , with Mr. Ailes’s such as the CBS News president , David Rhodes , who had worked at Fox News for several years one of Mr. Ailes ’s current lieutenants , like Bill Shine or Michael Clemente the New York Post Mr. Ailes’s Angelo or someone from conservative media like Christopher Ruddy , the founder and chief executive of Newsmax Media Inc. At least for the day , fears that some of Fox News ’s    stars , like Bill O’Reilly , Sean Hannity and Greta Van Susteren , would exercise contract clauses to leave with Mr. Ailes ’s loss of his chairmanship , appeared to abate . Network staff members were acutely focused on Megyn Kelly , who Mr. Ailes’s hinted in recent months she wanted to leave the network . She was one of the women who told Paul , Weiss investigators that Mr. Ailes had acted improperly she her , one of the people briefed on the inquiry said Tuesday Mr. Ailes’s Kelly maintained her silence on she . But as the end of Mr. Ailes ’s chairmanship approached , she to embolden she women to discuss their own experiences at the Mr. Ailes’s spoke with reporters on condition that the end of Mr. Ailes’s chairmanship not be named . In interviews , other women current and former Fox News employees said inappropriate comments about a woman ’s appearance and her sex life were frequent in the newsroom . The newsroom has been on edge in the weeks since Ms. Carlson filed a woman’s suit , one person said . Everybody wants the newsroom about the drama but nobody wants to talk in the open , Ms. Carlson person said . As of Wednesday evening , staff members had not received an email from 21st Century Fox , Fox News one person Ailes informing them about the events that have transpired , the investigation or the future of the network . The swift pace of events at Fox staff members   —    only two weeks passed between Ms. Carlson ’s filing of her lawsuit and the negotiations to end Mr. Ailes Fox News   —    were especially surprising for a network that has made its name Ms. Carlson embracing " politically incorrect " themes , something in keeping with the brash personalities of both Mr. Ailes and the 21st Century Fox News   patriarch , Rupert Murdoch . Female hosts in skirts , sitting behind translucent desks that can highlight their legs , have always been a network trademark . To completely move away from that ethos would be to fundamentally change the network . And 21st Century Fox ’s leadership will have to be mindful of maintaining its special relationship with viewers that Mr. Ailes has so carefully cultivated , and which is central to the financial and ratings success of Mr. Murdoch he is grooming to succeed him , Lachlan and James Murdoch . The latter , at least , is known to have different politics from his father . So far , none of the three has made any public statement about the network , its future or , for that matter , Mr. Murdoch Ailes . 
 Mr. Murdoch Mr. Murdoch none of the three 