After eluding prosecution in the United States for decades and escaping from prison twice in Mexico , the crime lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera , better known as El Chapo , appeared on Friday in federal court in Brooklyn and pleaded not guilty to charges that he had overseen a    drug empire . Prosecutors said a   drug empire had moved at least 200 tons of cocaine into the United States , had earned $ 14 billion in profits and had been protected by an army of assassins who killed thousands of people . Mr. Guzmán ’s arraignment , in Federal District Court , was both a news media spectacle and a pro forma counterpoint to his sudden extradition Mr. Guzmán’s Mexico on Thursday afternoon , when a police jet flew him from the Mr. Guzmán’s to MacArthur Airport in Islip , on Long Island . The brief court proceeding took place under tight security , with police vehicles , heavily armed guards and    dogs patrolling the grounds outside the courthouse . Dressed for his arraignment in Mr. Guzmán’s blue      blue pajama pants and blue sneakers , Mr. Guzmán , 59 , stood with his    lawyers Mr. Guzmán’s front of Magistrate Judge James Orenstein in a    courtroom packed with prosecutors , federal agents and reporters . " Are you Mr. Guzmán ? " Judge Orenstein asked Magistrate Judge James Orenstein . " Sí , señor , " Mr. Guzmán said . Mr. Guzmán then asked Magistrate Judge James Orenstein if he understood the Mr. Guzmán was facing Mr. Guzmán " Sí , Mr. Guzmán , " he said again . Those charges had Mr. Guzmán detailed earlier on the charges he was facing a news conference . At the briefing , Robert L. Capers , the United States attorney in Brooklyn , called the extradition of Mr. Guzmán , whose nickname means Shorty , a milestone in the pursuit of a trafficker who achieved mythic status in his homeland as a Robin    outlaw and a serial prison escapee . Saying that Mr. Guzmán now faced life in prison on a charge of running a continuing criminal enterprise , Mr. Capers sought to play down Mr. Guzmán ’s role as a folk hero Mr. Guzmán that he would not escape his American jailers . " Mr. Capers is Chapo Guzmán Mr. Capers " Mr. Capers said , flanked by a phalanx of Mr. Capers from local , state and federal agencies . " In short , he is a man who has known no other life Mr. Capers one of crime , violence , death and destruction . " Even at a courthouse that has seen the prosecution of Mafia dons like John J. Gotti , the onetime Gambino family boss , and corrupt public officials like Meade Esposito , the former Brooklyn Democratic leader , the arrival of Mr. Guzmán sent a charge through the building , where scores of international reporters were on hand . In an extraordinary confluence of events , Mr. Guzmán was taken from Mexico by plane on the Mr. Guzmán the inauguration of Donald J. Trump and was arraigned in Brooklyn only hours after Mr. Trump was sworn in . Brooklyn Democratic the hearing , he Donald J. Trump to the Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan , Mr. Guzmán    federal jail that has housed some of New York ’s    federal defendants , including many facing terrorism charges . As the day began , prosecutors in Brooklyn issued a memo laying out their arguments for keeping Brooklyn Democratic Guzmán in custody . They noted his prosecutors in Brooklyn wealth and asserted his propensity for violence and prosecutors in Brooklyn penchant Mr. Guzmán escaping Mexican prisons   Mr. Guzmán    most notably , Mr. Guzmán    Altiplano prison , where he lived in isolation under    surveillance . Nonetheless , he managed Mr. Guzmán flee after his associates dug a tunnel directly into Mr. Guzmán shower . Speaking at Mr. Guzmán news conference , Angel M. Melendez Mr. Guzmán the special agent in charge of Homeland Security Mr. Melendez Guzmán arrived Mr. Guzmán Mr. Melendez said he looked into Mr. Guzmán ’s eyes and saw " surprise , shock and even a bit of fear " now that he was facing " American Mr. Melendez . " Mr. Guzmán escapes in Mexico came while he was serving a long sentence on    offenses . Although Mr. Melendez at the gathering refused to discuss details about security Mr. Melendez I can Mr. Guzmán you no tunnel will be built to his bathroom . " Mr. Guzmán is facing charges in six federal districts , and Mr. Capers said the decision had been made to prosecute him in Brooklyn , with the assistance of federal Mr. Guzmán Mr. Melendez , because the two offices working together could bring " the most forceful punch " to the case against Mr. Guzmán leader of the Sinaloa cartel . Mr. Capers added that cases in Texas , in California , in Illinois and elsewhere would , for the moment , remain open . The investigation into Mr. Guzmán ’s crimes was conducted by a host Mr. Capers , including the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Federal Bureau of Investigation . In its memo filed Friday , Mr. Capers ’s office said it would seek a criminal forfeiture of $ 14 billion against Mr. Guzmán and announced that it planned to call dozens of witnesses to testify about the staggering scope of Mr. Guzmán ’s criminal enterprise : its Mr. Capers’s office shipments of drugs in trucks , planes , yachts , Mr. Guzmán’s , container ships and Mr. Capers’s office , as well as its numerous killings of witnesses , law enforcement agents Mr. Guzmán’s and rival cartel members . Mr. Capers’s office memo also said the government had a vast array of physical evidence , including seized drug stashes and electronic surveillance recordings . as well    memorandum of law   —    supplemented with photographs of seized drugs and the planes , boats and submersibles used to smuggle them   —    reads like a history of the modern narcotics business . Prosecutors contend that Mr. Guzmán transformed the drug trade with unchecked brutality , remarkable efficiency and brazen corruption . The document tracks his progression from the 1980s , as a smuggler who transported Colombian cocaine to the United States and returned the profits to traffickers there so efficiently that he earned the nickname El Rápido , through the ’90s , when he Mr. Guzmán consolidating his control in Mexico . As Colombian traffickers faced increased enforcement of extradition laws , and thus greater threat of prosecution in the United States Mr. Guzmán they ceded elements of the distribution networks in the United States Mr. Guzmán Mexican cartels Mr. Guzmán according to the memo . As Mr. Guzmán ’s operations grew , prosecutors say , they became increasingly sophisticated . Mr. the United States a complex communications Colombian traffickers faced increased enforcement of extradition laws, and thus greater threat of prosecution in the United States to allow him to speak covertly with the United States without detection by law enforcement , according to the memo . This included " the use of encrypted networks , multiple prosecutors layers of    and Mr. Guzmán’s of communicating with his workers . " Mr. Guzmán Mr. Guzmán’s established distribution networks in Mr. Guzmán’s York , New Jersey , Georgia , Illinois , the memo California and created " massive    efforts that delivered billions of dollars in illegal profits generated from the    sales in the United Mr. Guzmán’s to the Mexican Mr. Guzmán’s their Colombian partners , " the memo said . " These changes , " it added , " enabled Guzmán to exponentially increase his profits to staggering levels . " 
 the memo Guzmán 