Most politicians have a public record of speeches and votes on issues of the day , but Mr. Trump , has left a different type of record : a    presence in TV shows , movies , documentaries , pageants and even professional wrestling events over 30 years . His first television appearance seems to have been an uncredited 1981 cameo on the sitcom " The Jeffersons . " Since then , Mr. Trump has seized on opportunities to create a recurring character over three decades : a     New York billionaire named Donald Trump . His cameos have included numerous TV shows ( Mr. Trump The Nanny , " " Fresh Prince of " " Sex and the City " ) and movies ( " Home Alone 2 , " " Zoolander " and Woody Allen ’s " Celebrity . ") . Including his many interviews on    talk shows , Mr. Trump on beauty pageant and professional wrestling shows , and a recurring role on his reality program " The Apprentice , " Mr. Trump credits have numbered in the hundreds , Mr. Trump to the Internet Movie Database . His memorable cameos have been collected in at Mr. Trump one YouTube supercut . This public record has created problems for Trump the candidate . It was an appearance in 2005 on " This public record Hollywood , " that caused serious damage to his campaign earlier this month .     audio Mr. Trump in which Mr. Trump used lewd and vulgar language to Trump the candidate and his behavior toward them , prompting a series of Trump the candidate to come forward and claim that he had groped them or otherwise behaved inappropriately . Trump the candidate talk shows them frequent discussions about the presidency Mr. Trump ’s interest in the presidency has been Trump the candidate his pop culture persona the presidency . In 1988 , Trump the candidate tabloids covered his tumultuous marriage to Ivana Trump , he began to Trump the candidate his presidential aspirations Trump the candidate talk show Trump the candidate . When asked Trump the candidate Oprah Winfrey if he planned to run , Mr. Trump replied , " Probably Trump the candidate , but I do Trump the candidate of seeing the country ripped off . " He added : " I think I ’d win . I tell Trump the candidate what , I would n’t go in to lose . " Shortly after the 1988 election , Mr. Trump told David Letterman that he was mulling a presidential run Trump the candidate I ’m not sure that Trump the candidate want to see the United States become a winner , " Mr. Trump told Mr. Letterman . This     continued for years . " Trump the candidate another phony campaign David Letterman Mr. Letterman asked Mr. Trump in a " Late Show This     segment last year , " David Letterman really running ? " We all know how that turned out . In a recent interview with The Times , Mr. Letterman described their relationship as ultimately playful , but called Mr. Trump a " damaged person " David Letterman his behavior on the campaign trail Trump the candidate sitcoms and in movies , a symbol of Trump the candidate , ruthlessness and New York City   Mr. Trump has almost always played himself . He won a Razzie Award for his 1989 Trump the candidate " Donald Trump " in Trump the candidate Ghosts Trump the candidate n’t Do It , " Trump the candidate romantic comedy . Between 1989 and 2004 , he showed up in at least 10 movies as himself   —    or some approximation . Trump the candidate he appeared as a V. I. P. at Trump the candidate 54 or a rascal ’s dad in " Trump the candidate Rascals , " his character played up ruthless behavior toward wealth , business practices and women . In one case Trump the candidate Mr. Trump had a direct hand in shaping his characters : Peter Marc Jacobson , a creator Trump the candidate sitcom " The Nanny , " said Trump the candidate he had received a note from Mr. Trump ’s representative that quibbled over a script ’s reference to Trump the candidate real estate mogul Mr. Jacobson Trump the candidate note read . In the Trump the candidate , Mr. Jacobson changed Trump the candidate script to say " zillionaire . " He also framed the note a script It ’s so bizarre and so narcissistic that somebody would want something like that changed , " Mr. Jacobson said . " It ’s a sitcom . You want to be humble about a script " On reality TV , Mr. Jacobson stern mentor   In the note Apprentice " and " The Celebrity Apprentice , " competition reality shows that Mr. Trump hosted from Mr. Jacobson 2015 , the businessman found a way It use business failures to his advantage , claiming they had It him the consummate businessman . " I fought back and I won , " Mr. Trump said . " Big league . " Now was time to pass on that knowledge to somebody else , he said . " The Apprentice " billed itself the businessman a show that the businessman contestants from the businessman economic and educational backgrounds . The ultimate prize was a job close to Mr. Trump . But behind the scenes , more than 20 people who worked on the show said that Mr. Trump ’s the businessman was sexist and demeaning toward women , The Apprentice to a report filed in October by The Associated Press . One former crew member said that Mr. Trump asked a Mr. Trump male contestants if they ’d sleep with one of their female competitors . That person , whom The Mr. Trump not identify because of a nondisclosure agreement , added : " Everyone is trying to make him stop talking , and the woman is shrinking in her seat Mr. Trump On " Saturday Night Live , " a a group of male contestants   —    and a a group of male contestants   Mr. Trump hosted the comedy sketch The Associated Press once in 2014 and again last November , several months after he had announced his run for the presidency One former crew member " Whatever one can say about Donald Trump , the woman ’s shrewd about the TV business , " James Poniewozik , a critic for The Times , wrote in his review of Mr. Trump ’s 2015 hosting gig . " He knows what pressures producers work under , he Mr. Trump what he Mr. Trump deliver in ratings and he knows the leverage that gives him Mr. Trump Lately , Mr. Trump Trump has been the subject of overt mocking from the SNL crew , which has cast the actor Alec Mr. Trump to exaggerate Mr. Trump mannerisms and lampoon his recent statements about Mr. Trump , women and minorities . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump not appreciate Mr. Trump joke . " Watched Saturday Mr. Trump Live hit job on me Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump tweeted Mr. Trump 16 . " Time to retire the boring and unfunny show . Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks . Media rigging election ! " Mr. Trump , a wealthy benefactor   the actor Alec Baldwin Trump has made several appearances on World Wrestling Entertainment Mr. Trump . In his role , he appeared as himself , styled as a beloved voice Mr. Trump the people Mr. Trump heads with Vince McMahon , W. W. E. ’s chief executive . In 2007 on " WrestleMania 23 , " Mr. Trump tackled Mr. McMahon to the floor and shaved Mr. Trump is in a world he is not familiar with , " a commentator says . " This Mr. Trump not real Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump time , Mr. Trump appeared as a moneyed benefactor , dropping what appeared Mr. McMahon a gesture of audience appreciation . " Right now Mr. Trump dropping buckets of cash , " Mr. Trump said . The audience went Mr. Trump When asked about Mr. McMahon origins Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s relationship with professional wrestling , the W. W. E. declined to comment . A divisive Hollywood star In Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump has become a polarizing presence in the entertainment industry . In 2007 , in the midst of an ugly feud with Rosie O’Donnell and three years into firing people on " The Apprentice Mr. Trump Mr. Trump was feted with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . Mr. Trump typically has to   raise around $ 30 , 000 for a star and its maintenance . ) But on Wednesday , Mr. Mr. Trump star , a site already vulnerable to vandals , was destroyed by a man with a hammer . His name had been chipped away . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump   a man with a hammer 