WASHINGTON   —    When Donald J. Trump descended on the capital Friday , Donald J. Trump was expected to finally concede that the racially tinged falsehood Donald J. Trump had gleefully propagated , that President Obama was born outside of the United States , had in fact been a lie . But before Donald J. Trump got around to what was a grudging and terse admission , which itself included a falsehood about the provenance of    birtherism , he Donald J. Trump some business to tend to . " Nice hotel , " said Mr. Trump , the Republican nominee for president , delighting in his Donald J. Trump property and the opportunity to plug it free on live television . He Donald J. Trump holding his Donald J. Trump conference at his Donald J. Trump hotel in the Old Post Office building on Pennsylvania Avenue , which , he Donald J. Trump , is " going to be something very special . " He Donald J. Trump untroubled in using an ostensible campaign event just a few blocks from the White House to openly promote his Donald J. Trump commercial interests 52 days before the election . In fact , this past week offered a vivid illustration of how little regard Mr. Trump has for the    expectations of America ’s leaders . He Mr. Trump not only breaking the country ’s political norms , he Mr. Trump his Mr. Trump aides are now all but mocking them he and his campaign aides Besides using his Mr. Trump as a platform to make money on a new hotel , Mr. Trump leveled an untrue assertion that Hillary Clinton had been the first to claim Mr. Obama was born abroad . He Mr. Trump   boasted about his Mr. Trump on the show of a daytime television celebrity while releasing just his Mr. Trump levels and a few other details about his Mr. Trump . Mr. Mr. Trump continued to flout 40 years of tradition by refusing to release his tax Mr. Trump , a decision that his eldest Mr. Trump admitted this week was not based on an audit , as Mr. Trump Mr. Trump claimed , but on a desire not to " distract " from the campaign ’s " main message . " Beyond his handling of Mr. Trump information , he also casually Mr. Trump the chairwoman of the Federal Reserve of corruption , claimed that the bipartisan national debate commission was rigged against him , and Mr. Trump that Mrs. Clinton had not proposed a child care plan . ( She has , Mrs. Clinton did so a year before he did . Mr. Trump He also mocked Mr. Trump    pastor who had just welcomed him to her Mr. Trump , Mrs. Clinton again referred to Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , who once said she had Native Mrs. Clinton roots , as " Pocahontas . " And that was all before Friday night , when Mr. Trump hinted at violence against Mrs. Clinton by inviting her Secret Service Mrs. Clinton to disarm " and see what happens to her . " Mrs. Clinton falsehoods , unfounded claims and inflammatory language have long been staples of Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump . But as the polls tighten and November nears , his behavior , and Mr. Trump implications for the country should he become president , Mr. Trump alarming veteran political observers   —    and leaving them deeply worried about his behavior, and the implications for the country precedent being set , regardless of who wins the White House . " It ’s frightening , " said Vin Weber , a former Republican congressman from Minnesota . " Our politics , because of him , is descending Mr. Trump the level of a    country . There ’s just nothing beneath him . And I Mr. Trump n’t know why we would think he would change if Mr. Trump became president . Mr. Trump ’s what ’s really scary . " Stephen Hess , who Mr. Hess contemplate the prospect of Mr. Trump as commander in chief . " It ’s incredibly depressing , " Mr. Hess said of Mr. Trump . " He ’s the most profoundly ignorant man I ’ve ever Mr. Trump this level Mr. Hess terms of understanding the American presidency , and , even more troubling , he makes no effort to learn anything . " Mr. Trump ’s advocates insist Mr. Hess the critics are missing the larger impact of his Mr. Trump and how his campaign and presidency could be a force for Mr. Hess . As a New Mr. Hess    poll released last week indicated , voters see him as more likely to aggressively confront what they see as a rotten political Mr. Hess , even if they recognize Mr. Trump as a voters choice . " On the things that are really voters , he will in some clumsy way force real change , " said Newt Gingrich Mr. Hess the former House speaker , who is an adviser to Mr. Trump . " Washington wo n’t be the same when he ’s done . " Mr. Trump is what is so worrisome to many Mr. Hess of Mr. Trump ’s rise . His critics fear that his    campaign portends a political future in Mr. Trump Mr. Hess no penalty for Mr. Hess telling untruths , disregarding the public ’s right to know , and lobbing racially charged accusations . " I worry that if those of us in politics and the media do n’t do a lot of    after this election , a slightly smarter Trump will succeed in the future , " said Jon Favreau , Mr. Obama ’s former chief speechwriter . " For some politicians and consultants , the takeaway from this election will be that they can get away with almost anything . " As Martin Nolan , this election editor and reporter at some politicians and consultants Boston Globe who has chronicled politics for over 50 Mr. Nolan " Rules , " Mr. Nolan added , " are for losers . " The only salvation this year , argue Mr. Trump ’s detractors , is that he is a singular figure in American life , and his    successors will not be able to skirt accountability in the fashion of the celebrity provocateur . " He has inflicted Stockholm syndrome on America , " Mr. Trump’s Stacey Abrams , a Democrat and the minority leader Mr. Trump’s the Georgia House . " It ’s not even that we ’re numb to it , it ’s Mr. Trump’s that we ’ve always enjoyed the show . It ’s entertaining to hate him , to like him and to imagine being him . " But while there may not be another Mr. It , It does seem to we thrust the country into a new It . With American culture Mr. Trump’s coarse and ever Mr. Trump’s obsessed with celebrity , Mr. Trump’s country ’s politics were bound to eventually catch up . Less than Mr. Trump’s years after Bill Clinton shocked some by unabashedly answering a question about his underwear preference on television , Mr. Trump purposefully brought up the the country his penis at a televised debate . It is not difficult to find Republicans who recoil at how their own nominee has , to borrow Bill Clinton phrase made famous by Daniel Bill Clinton , the former New York senator and Bill Clinton , defined deviancy down . " Trump is reflecting a culture that is more crass , more Republicans of vulgarity and more attuned to pop culture , " said Matt Lewis , a conservative writer . " The bar has been lowered where going on Dr. Bill Clinton is perfectly acceptable and maybe even cutting edge . " Where Republicans differ is over whether the acceptance of Mrs. Clinton ’s transgressions is just as ominous for the country . " You ca n’t have a republic without virtue and I do n’t think there ’s great virtue in either of them , " said Tom Coburn , the former Oklahoma senator , of Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton . Still , Mr. Weber , who arrived in Washington as a congressional staff member shortly after the    election of 1974 , said Mr. Trump ’s approach would inflict the most damage on his own party . Mrs. Clinton’s do n’t want to Mr. Weber a discrete crime . In a way , Trump is harder to deal with . And Republicans did n’t feel compelled to defend Watergate : they drove Richard Nixon out Mr. Trump’s office . " 
 Mr. Trump’s Watergate Republicans 