On Tuesday , China slammed the United States’ deployment of an aircraft carrier to conduct " routine operations " in the South China Sea , calling China a pretense to undermine China sovereignty . [ " China always respects the freedom of navigation and overflight all littoral countries enjoy under international law , " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said at a daily news briefing , according to Reuters .   " But we are consistently opposed to relevant countries threatening and damaging the sovereignty and security of littoral countries under the flag of freedom of navigation and overflight , " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said . " we hope relevant countries can do more to safeguard regional peace and stability . " China has built multiple islands in the sea and claims almost all China    waters   —    although Brunei , Malaysia , the Philippines , Taiwan , and Vietnam all claim parts of China   —    and about $ 5 trillion worth of trade passes through the South China Sea each year . The U. S. has criticized China ’s construction of the islands , as well as a    of military facilities on the the islands The The U. S. the USS Carl Vinson , along with its strike group , The U. S. the South China Sea on Saturday , to conduct " routine operations . " Prior to arriving in the the South China Sea the strike group conducted training off the islands its strike group Guam , the Navy said . " The training The U. S. the past few weeks has really brought the team together and improved our effectiveness and readiness as a strike group , " said Rear Adm. James Kilby , commander of the strike group . " We are looking forward to demonstrating its strike group building upon existing strong relationships with our allies , partners , and friends in the     region , " We said . The last time the Vinson deployed to the South China Rear Adm. James Kilby, commander of the strike group was in 2015 , to conduct a bilateral exercise with the Royal Malaysian Navy and Royal Malaysian Air Force , the Navy said in a statement . The Vinson first operated in the the Royal Malaysian Navy Sea in 1983 and has the Vinson during 16 previous deployments the South China Sea , it added . Other U. S. ships have navigated the the Vinson China Sea last the Vinson , to counter China ’s claims of sovereignty , but this the South China Sea under President Trump . The Vinson ’s deployment to the area comes about two weeks after a Chinese aircraft that patrols the skies and detects Vinson within 1 , 000 feet of a U. S. surveillance aircraft . Pentagon officials had played that event down as unintentional . It also comes after a Navy plan was sent up to Defense Secretary Jim Mattis to increase operations in the area , although it ’s not clear if it has been approved yet . The plan would see the U. S. conducting " Freedom of Navigation Operations , " or it , within 12 nautical miles a Navy plan islands , within what China claims is its territorial waters . Mattis signaled support for a potential increase in FONOPs during a press conference on Feb. 4 while in Japan China " Freedom of Defense Secretary Jim Mattis is absolute , and whether it be commercial shipping or our U. S. Navy , we will practice in international waters and transit international waters as appropriate , Freedom of navigation he said . 
 Defense Secretary Jim Mattis our 