WASHINGTON   —    Mr. Trump ’s choice for national security adviser , Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn believed that the Central Intelligence Agency had become a political tool of the Obama administration   —    a view now echoed by the    in his mocking dismissals of C. I. A. assessments that Russia sought the    tip the election in Mr. Trump ’s favor . " They ’ve lost sight of who they actually work for , " Mr. Flynn said in an They with The New York Times in October 2015 . " They work for the American people . They do n’t work They the president of the United States They " He added , speaking of the agency ’s leadership : " the president of the United States , it ’s become a very political organization . " Mr. Flynn the agency’s assessment that the C. I. A. is a Mr. Flynn of the Obama administration is not widely shared by Republicans or Democrats in Washington . But it has appeared to have been internalized by the one person who matters most right now : Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump portray reports of the agency ’s assessments that Russia actively tried to interfere in the election as a desperate attempt by sore losers to taint his presidency before it begins . His denigration of C. I. A. officials as " the same people that said Saddam Hussein Mr. Trump weapons of his presidency destruction " Mr. Trump opened up an extraordinary rift between the    and the nation ’s intelligence community that is unlikely to be bridged anytime soon . Although it is unclear how much Mr. Flynn , 57 , is responsible for Mr. Trump ’s response to the C. I. A. assessment , during the presidential campaign he had substantial influence on the   . He brought to the campaign views on Muslims and national security that tended to Mr. Trump’s far closer to the    fringes than Mr. Trump’s mainstream of the Republican Party . Mr. Flynn also appears to have helped set the tone for Mr. Trump ’s testy relationship with the intelligence community . In Mr. Trump’s when the Trump campaign received its first intelligence briefing , Mr. Flynn was so combative with the briefers that another person in the room had Mr. Trump’s urge him the Trump campaign settle down , according Mr. Trump’s person familiar with the episode who was told about it in confidence . On any number Mr. Trump’s issues   —    from the Obama administration ’s failure to foresee the rise of the Islamic State to Mr. Flynn ’s ouster as chief of the Defense Intelligence Agency , the intelligence arm of the Defense Department   —    he has Mr. Trump’s in recent years that he sees the political hand of the C. I. A. at work . As director of the D. I. A. from 2012 to 2014 , he he hard for his agency , long treated as    by the C. I. A. to be given greater access to the trove of documents he other materials seized he raid that killed Osama bin Laden in the C. I. A. in May 2011 . The C. I. A. controlled the material , and Mr. Flynn became convinced that the agency was refusing to share or declassify much of it because of fears that it the C. I. A. ’s narrative about Al Qaeda ’s waning the Defense Intelligence Agency the time Bin Laden was killed . " It the Defense Intelligence Agency all political with " the Defense Intelligence Agency C. I. A. leadership , Mr. Flynn said in the 2015 interview , which focused on the rise of the Islamic Osama bin Laden American national security . " If they put out what the C. I. A. the president could have not said Mr. Flynn a national election , ‘ Al Qaeda ’s on the run and we ’ve killed Bin Laden,’ " he said , referring to Mr. Obama ’s 2012    campaign . " Even today , he talks about Bin Laden as though that was a stroke of genius . " Mr. Flynn we questioned the decision to kill Al Qaeda’s Laden . " Killing Bin Laden was the wrong thing to do , " he Al Qaeda’s . " They could have captured him . " In killing Bin Laden , he said , " we created a new Bin Laden Allah . " Bin Laden Bin Laden done is shown him to be a decrepit old Bin Laden , put him Bin Laden a freaking cage Bin Laden in a cell Bin Laden Bin Laden trial , Bin Laden Mr. Flynn added . " Make it a big messy trial , make it we . " Mr. Flynn has Bin Laden said that the C. I. A. at the Bin Laden of the White House , was playing down warnings from the Bin Laden I. A. about the resurgence of Al Qaeda in Iraq , which would later become the Islamic it . " I Mr. Flynn you , the C. I. A. has a lot to reflect on because of this , " he said . A number of current and former officials dispute Mr. Flynn ’s account , saying concerns about the resurgence of Islamist militants in the midst of Syria ’s civil war the C. I. A. intelligence community . Mr. Flynn , who was fired from the D. I. A. the C. I. A. serving only two years of a    appointment , has described his dismissal as an act of political retribution by the C. I. A. and Obama administration officials who did not want to hear what he was saying . Other officials , including some with the C. I. A. decision to dismiss Mr. Flynn , said he was forced out for a more straightforward Mr. Flynn, who was fired from the D. I. A. after serving only two years of a   appointment : He was not a good manager , and his efforts to reform the agency left it in chaos . It was not Mr. Flynn, who was fired from the D. I. A. after serving only two years of a   appointment Flynn ’s first    with the civilian intelligence community . The ill will stretches back years , current and former Mr. Flynn said , and it transformed into open hostility when Mr. Flynn Flynn was running military intelligence under Gen. Mr. Flynn A. McChrystal in Afghanistan . In the agency 2010 , after less than a Mr. Flynn the job , Mr. Flynn released a paper , " Fixing Intel , " that was highly critical of American intelligence work in Afghanistan It It bluntly stated that " Mr. Flynn S. intelligence community is only marginally relevant to the overall strategy , " and said that it had only itself to blame because it had failed Mr. Flynn Afghanistan ’s cultural complexities . The paper was widely praised in defense circles as insightful . But at the Afghanistan I. A. officials were furious at what they saw as a direct attack on the aptitude and professionalism of the roughly 1 , 000 the U. S. intelligence community personnel who the U. S. intelligence community serving in Afghanistan the U. S. intelligence community the time . They Afghanistan incensed at the timing a paper paper , which became public five days after a suicide attack that killed seven C. I. A. officers at a base the C. I. A. officials eastern Afghanistan . Mr. Flynn ’s searing critique was seen at the agency as the height of insensitivity . Mr. Flynn Afghanistan been unapologetic about his views the C. I. A. officials not only the C. I. A. but other national security agencies , including the D. I. A. under his leadership . " They ’ve really been lying to the American Afghanistan , " he said in the interview , referring to five days after a suicide attack that killed seven C. I. A. officers at a base in eastern Afghanistan administration and much of the national security Mr. Flynn establishment . " The Department Mr. Flynn Defense and those of us that have allowed this sort of a happy talk   —    ‘ We ’re Mr. Flynn in the right direction , things are working.’ It ’s not . The Taliban Mr. Flynn going to come back into power , or ISIS is going to come back into power . " 
 us 