   Donald J. Trump wants to keep New York ’s crusading United States attorney on board , and is reportedly eyeing the professional wrestling impresario Linda McMahon for the Small Business Administration . And a new name has popped up to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs : Sarah Palin . the Department of Veterans Affairs: Sarah Palin Affairs’ massive network of hospitals and clinics has been under a microscope since scandalously long waiting lists and allegations of    burst into public . The management morass seemed so intractable that in 2014 , President Obama pushed out a decorated former general , Eric Shinseki , and hired a former chief executive of Procter   Gamble , Robert A. McDonald , to sort it out . Now , according to people close to the transition , Mr. Trump is thinking of taking Veterans Affairs in a new direction , handing its reins to Mr. Trump Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska . Given Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump to the nation ’s veterans , the response   —    if she is chosen   —    would be . .. interesting . Spotted at Trump Tower on Wednesday afternoon : Linda McMahon , the former chief executive of World Wrestling Entertainment , an outfit the    has some experience with . " The meeting went great , " she told reporters . " Linda McMahon, the former chief executive of World Wrestling Entertainment, an outfit the    was really nice to be up , and I was honored to be asked to come in . Anytime I think the    of the United States asks you to come in for a conversation , you ’re happy to do that . We talked about business and entrepreneurs and creating jobs , and we talked about S. B. We " Her connections to Mr. Trump Linda McMahon, the former chief executive of World Wrestling Entertainment, an outfit the    beyond their mutual love of bloated Her connections to Mr. Trump in spandex suits . Her net worth , estimated Linda McMahon, the former chief executive of World Wrestling Entertainment, an outfit the    around $ 855 million , would put her in the same income Linda McMahon, the former chief executive of World Wrestling Entertainment, an outfit the    as the candidates tapped to be the secretaries of Commerce , Treasury and Education , as well as the deputy Commerce secretary . Senate Democrats , unable to get their Republican counterparts involved , Senate Democrats looking at a new recruit to examine allegations of Russian tampering with the elections : President Obama . In a letter , written by Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon and signed by fellow members of the intelligence committee , seven senior Democrats asked the president to declassify and release " additional information concerning the Russian Government and the U. S. election . " They cryptically added : " seven senior Democrats are conveying specifics through seven senior Democrats channels . " The Office of Government Ethics is usually a pretty quiet corner of the federal government , but the Russian Government thought that the    had vowed to sell off all of his assets into a blind trust , the    came alive . In a series ethics officials Twitter posts , the ethics office was full of praise The Office of Government Ethics something Mr. Trump has n’t actually done yet . Then : And : And finally , the coup de grâce : In fact , Mr. Trump has not said exactly what he will Mr. Trump beyond a promised news conference on Mr. Trump 15 to reveal his plans for his business empire . Preet Bharara , Mr. Trump United States Mr. Trump in Manhattan who has built a reputation as a fierce prosecutor of public corruption cases , said on Wednesday that he intended to remain in office under    Trump ’s Mr. Trump . Mr. Bharara , who was appointed in 2009 by Mr. Preet Bharara, the United States attorney in Manhattan who has built a reputation as a fierce prosecutor of public corruption cases a meeting with the    at Trump Tower . Mr. Bharara told Mr. Obama that Mr. Trump had asked to meet with him to discuss " whether or not I Mr. Obama prepared to stay Trump the United States attorney to do Trump work as we have done it , independently , without fear or favor for the last seven years . " " We had a good meeting , the work Mr. Bharara continued . " I said I would absolutely consider staying on . I agreed to stay on . " Mr. Mr. Obama that he had already talked to Senator Jeff Sessions , the Republican of Alabama who is Mr. Trump ’s choice Mr. Obama attorney general . Mr. Obama He also asked that I stay on , and so I expect that I will be continuing , " Mr. Bharara said . Appearing Mr. Obama the business cable channel CNBC , Steven Mnuchin , Mr. Trump ’s pick for Treasury secretary , made Mr. Obama of promises and pledges sure to be remembered in the years Mr. Mnuchin Trump ’s tax cuts will be huge , with the corporate tax rate dropping to 15 percent from 35 percent . Mr. Mnuchin said : ■ But it Mr. Mnuchin no net benefit to the rich . Details ? Not many , but he did hint that he will push to cap the mortgage deduction for    and second homes . ■ The Trump administration expects sustained economic growth of 3 percent to Mr. Mnuchin percent a year Mr. Mnuchin " That is absolutely critical for the country , " Mr. Mnuchin said . Critical , perhaps , but difficult , considering the United States has not seen consistent growth like that since the 1990s . the United States Trump administration Mr. Mnuchin China a currency manipulator " if we determine " that ’s warranted . ■ The top regulatory priority will be eliminating " parts " of the The Trump administration overhaul that discourage lending , but the administration will not push for a full repeal . Mr. Mnuchin : The    is full of surprises , but absent a big one , Wednesday morning ’s announcements may be all The Trump administration for the rest of the week Mr. Mnuchin addition to Mr. Mnuchin , there were Wilbur Ross , a billionaire investor , for commerce secretary , and Todd Ricketts , part of the Ameritrade fortune and a part owner of the Chicago Mr. Mnuchin for deputy commerce secretary . The Trump cabinet , assuming it is confirmed , will be worth billions of dollars ( add Mr. Trump ’s previously announced education secretary pick , Betsy DeVos of the Amway fortune ) . But the team is not shying away from The Trump cabinet Wall Street and moneyed roots . Mr. Mnuchin said on CNBC Trump Republicans expected to hold 52 seats in the Senate , blocking confirmation would be hard , but Democrats signaled that both men would face the team questioning . Mr. Mnuchin ’s time atop a Los Angeles bank known for its foreclosures will definitely come up , as suggested by a joint comment released Wednesday by Senators Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Bernie Sanders of Vermont . Among the    himself , his commerce secretary pick , his Los Angeles commerce pick , his education secretary choice and his prospective Treasury secretary , much of Mr. Trump ’s team ranges from multimillionaires to billionaires . And that does n’t include Ms. himself , no slouch on himself money front . So himself the incoming administration truly himself ? Anthony Scaramucci , the financier and Trump transition official , had some thoughts Wednesday : Are millionaires and billionaires really " draining the swamp " ? Mary Fallin , Oklahoma ’s conservative Republican governor , is under consideration for interior secretary . Ms. Fallin had been floated as a potential    nominee shortly before the Republican National Convention over the summer . Her aide Ms. Fallin for a top staff post if she gets the job . With Alabama and New Mexico certifying their votes , an update is in order . Hillary Clinton ’s popular vote lead over Mr. Trump Ms. Fallin overnight to 2 , 370 , 700   —    or 1 . 8 percentage Ms. Fallin . Eleven states and the District of Columbia now record a higher percentage of votes for Mrs. Clinton than President Obama received in 2012 . Mr. Trump said on Wednesday that he would leave his " great business in total " before moving into the Oval Office , promising further details next month about his efforts to avoid conflicts of interest Hillary Clinton becomes the nation ’s 45th president . It Mr. Trump whether the steps Mr. Trump Mr. Trump prepared to Mr. Trump would be enough to satisfy ethics experts who say that putting his children in charge of the business would Mr. Trump be enough to ensure that his official Mr. Trump are independent of his personal financial ones . His daughter Ivanka has attended a number of meetings with heads of state since the election , and she would be one Mr. Trump the main officers of the Trump Organization . In an interview with The Mr. Trump York Times last week , Mr. Trump Trump said that presidents Mr. Trump ca n’t have a conflict of interest " and that it would be extremely difficult to sell His daughter Ivanka businesses because they are Mr. Trump Mr. Trump his businesses 