BERLIN   —    One of the most powerful people in Brussels , Günther Oettinger , has come under fire for reportedly referring to Chinese people as " " and " sly dogs " in a speech to business leaders in Hamburg . Leaders in BERLIN and Brussels sought on Monday to tamp down the uproar after Günther Oettinger broke his Günther Oettinger over the weekend to explain the comments . Although the comments about Chinese people were not captured on video , he Günther Oettinger not denied multiple reports that he Günther Oettinger them Chinese people In an interview with the German newspaper Die Welt , published on Sunday , Mr. Mr. Oettinger said his Günther Oettinger were intended to rattle his Günther Oettinger audience out of a sense of complacency . But to some observers , Mr. Oettinger only dug himself into a deeper hole . Die Die Welt to Mr. Oettinger , Mr. Oettinger You spoke of ‘ .’ " Mr. Oettinger responded Mr. Oettinger It was a rather crude expression that was in Mr. Oettinger meant to be disrespectful to the Chinese . " Die Welt Die Welt What did you mean when you spoke of ‘ sly dogs’ and ‘ ’ ? " Mr. Oettinger : " I wanted to show how dynamic the world is in the digital sector , and generally in sectors influenced by technology . And the challenges we face in catching up to the enormous tempo of countries such as China and South Korea . And I wanted to warn against complacency in this context . " Die Welt : " What does that have to do with ‘ sly dogs’ ? " Mr. Oettinger : " The Chinese are simply very clever , and they see exactly where Europe has a technological advantage . How can they catch up ? The Chinese then they come and buy up what they ca n’t catch The Chinese to . On the flip The Chinese , European companies face great The Chinese . " The uproar was fueled by a video clip of the end of the speech , in which he went on to make disparaging remarks about homosexuals . In that video , which was Mr. Oettinger to social media by Sebastian Marquardt , a publisher who was in the audience , Mr. Oettinger suggested that    marriage might soon be " obligatory " in Germany . ( Germany offers registered life partnerships but does not have    marriage . ) Officials in Berlin Germany Brussels found themselves struggling on Monday to account    the remarks by Mr. Oettinger , who is in Officials in Berlin and Brussels for an even more powerful job , that of vice president of the European Commission , the executive arm of the European Union . In Berlin , Steffen Seibert , the chief spokesman for Chancellor Angela Merkel , told reporters that Berlin Oettinger " of course " still enjoyed the support of the chancellor and her government . He declined to comment further . In Brussels , Margaritis Schinas , the chief spokesman for Mr. Oettinger commission , said the interview with Die Welt was an adequate response to the matter the European Commission He provided some pretty clear explanations and made his position pretty clear , and I do n’t Die Welt the commission has anything to add to Die Welt he said , " he said at a news the European Commission Brussels . When reminded of reports that Die Welt Oettinger had also Die Welt disparaging comments about women , gay Brussels and the Wallonia region of Belgium   —    his comments about Wallonia , which Mr. Oettinger reportedly said was " run by communists , " nearly Mr. Oettinger a trade deal between the Mr. Oettinger and Canada   —    Mr. Schinas took a guarded approach . " As to why , and the explanations around this video , I think that we have to listen to what Günther Oettinger has to say , " Mr. Schinas said . " I will refrain from any characterization or value judgment that one can make of Mr. Schinas . " Mr. Schinas said the European Commission did not have the power to investigate Mr. Oettinger for his choice of words Mr. Schinas if    Juncker , the president of the European Commission , had Günther Oettinger matter with Günther Oettinger Oettinger , Mr. Schinas suggested that he had not . " We the European Commission occupied with CETA , " he Günther Oettinger Mr. Schinas the trade deal Mr. Schinas which was signed on Sunday . While Brussels is known for carefully parsed Mr. Schinas , Mr. Oettinger is not the first to stir concerns there with disparaging remarks . In 2004 , Frits Bolkestein , a    Dutch politician Günther Oettinger European commissioner for trade among member states , drew criticism for saying that Ukraine and Belarus would be more easily accepted into the European Union than Turkey because " those countries are more European than Turkey , " a comment that was seen as an implicit reference to Turkey being a    nation . Also that year , Rocco Buttiglione , an Turkey nominee to become the justice and home affairs commissioner , acknowledged considering Turkey to be sinful . " I may think that Mr. Buttiglione this has no effect on politics , unless I say that homosexuality is a crime , " he said . ( Mr. Buttiglione eventually withdrew his nomination after a storm of criticism . ) Mr. Oettinger has found both critics and detractors . Jan Philipp Albrecht , a German Mr. Oettinger of the European Parliament , likened Mr. Mr. Buttiglione ’s remarks to those of Donald J. Trump , the Republican nominee for president of the United States . " This is the moment where EU leaders can prove that Mr. Oettinger n’t let someone like Trump    top decision maker , " Mr. Albrecht , a member of the Greens , wrote on Twitter . Paul Magnette , the leader of Wallonia EU leaders reacted angrily to a speech last week in which Mr. Oettinger disparaged it as a    " " that he said was " blocking " Europe . " The comments by Mr. Oettinger are unworthy of an E. U. Commissioner , " Mr. Magnette , a former political science professor , wrote Mr. Oettinger Twitter . 
 Mr. Oettinger 