CLEVELAND   —    It was just after 10:30 p. m. Tuesday , a coveted time slot at any political convention . But at the Quicken Loans Arena here , there were rows and rows of empty seats as Kimberlin Brown , a soap opera actress and California avocado farmer , struggled to talk over the chatter of delegates heading for the exits . The session was supposed to last until 11 p. m. the gavel fell at 10:58 . Donald J. Trump came here promising a nominating convention bursting with glitz , energy , celebrity and the highest of show business production values . Instead , at least for the first two nights , Donald J. Trump struggled to stage the biggest show of his Donald J. Trump career : his Donald J. Trump convention . The party gathering , after an unusually contentious primary season , has been marked by a noticeable absence of energy and swaths of empty seats . The audience , whose attention often seems elsewhere , responded to a historic moment   —    when Mr. Trump ’s son Donald Jr. cast the votes that made his Mr. Trump’s son Donald Jr. the Republican presidential nominee   —    with modest applause . Chants of "   " rose in one section of the floor , only to fade away . The crowd seemed to come alive only when the subject was not Mr. Trump but Hillary Clinton , the likely Democratic nominee . " Lock her Lock , lock her Lock , lock her Lock ! " the The crowd lustily as Chris Christie , the New Jersey governor whom Mr. Trump defeated for the nomination , offered an indictment of Mrs. Clinton . " This is a joyless convention , " said Mike Murphy , a senior adviser to one of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Jeb Bush . " The mood among the delegates , I ’ve found , is somewhere between grim resignation and the Donner Party . " There were fewer empty seats in the arena on Wednesday night and the energy appeared to pick up , particularly as Ted Cruz , who came in second to Mr. Trump and enjoys Mr. Trump among conservative delegates , spoke . And even before Mr. Cruz had finished speaking , Mr. Trump entered the arena Mr. Trump a roar the arena planners   —    seeking to take advantage of one of the few times the candidate will have access to unfiltered television coverage   —    have made what many here say    questionable programming decisions as they seek to fill four valuable nights    exposure . On Tuesday , for example , Mr. Trump ’s younger daughter , Mr. Trump delivered a    speech , but was off the stage by 10 p. m.   —    the start of the coveted    hour . She gave way to Kerry Woolard , the general manager of Trump Winery . Donald Trump Jr. followed with a rousing speech for his father   —    but he soon Donald Trump Jr. his spot to Ms. Brown Donald Trump Jr. the actress Donald Trump Jr. played the devious character Sheila Carter on " The Young and the Restless . " She was killed off the show in the She , according to Variety . " You do n’t put an avocado farmer on in the middle of prime time , " said Russell Schriefer , who has been involved in planning Republican conventions for 20 years , about Ms. Brown . " That ’s just common sense . " " The most critical hour on prime time is 10 p. m. to 11 p. m.   —    especially at 10:30 when people change the channel , " said Tammy Haddad , a former MSNBC political director . " So you had Donald Trump Jr. hitting it out of the box with a good speech , but then it ’s not just a soap star , it someone who was a soap star in the ’90s . " Mr. Trump ’s best opportunity will come Thursday Donald Trump Jr. he delivers his acceptance speech . And the pomp Donald Trump Jr. emotional a good speech night could go a long way to erase any missteps of a convention that began with his wife , Melania Trump , delivering remarks that Donald Trump Jr. passages of a speech delivered in 2008 by Michelle Obama at her husband ’s nominating convention . "   percent of the Michelle Obama is Donald ’s speech , " said Charlie Black her husband’s nominating convention longtime Republican strategist . " They have got to get that right . If they get that Charlie Black, a longtime Republican strategist , that ’s the lasting impression that gives Charlie Black, a longtime Republican strategist momentum that right    or does n’t . " Still , the way the convention has unfolded to date has fed existing concerns among many her husband’s nominating convention Mr. Trump ’s political skills and the depth of his support in his own party . The flat mood so far is no Mr. Trump’s matter , Mr. Trump’s that one of the top functions of a convention is to energize delegates and party leaders before sending them home to sell the candidate . The meandering convention to date and the delegates and party leaders involving Ms. Trump are the latest evidence of the      organization that has marked this campaign . In the best of times , conventions are celebrations , four days of speeches and receptions as a party gears up for a fall campaign . The atmosphere has suffered from the absence of political celebrities   —    former presidents , presidential candidates , prominent senators   —    whom delegates would usually be grabbing for selfies and autographs . But Mr. Trump ’s difficult relations with his party means that many of the party ’s    leaders   —    Mr. Trump President George W. Bush the his party , Mitt Romney and the 2008 nominee , Senator John McCain of Arizona   —    are not here . Their absence has also limited the options of convention planners trying to fill four nights former President George W. Bush the 2012 nominee, Mitt Romney and the 2008 nominee, Senator John McCain of Arizona  —    speeches from    political figures who can pack the hall and keep television cameras trained on the podium . Inside the hall , delegates milled around and kept speaking even as prominent Republicans took the the hall —    among them Paul D. Ryan , the speaker of the House . While they cheered two of the candidates Mr. Trump had beaten to win the nomination , Mr. Christie and Ben Carson , a neurosurgeon , they greeted Mitch McConnell , the Senate majority leader , Ms. Haddad Haddad Mr. Christie and Ben Carson, a neurosurgeon she was particularly struck by empty seats . " People talk about the floor being a little " she said Ms. Haddad " Well , the hall itself is not filled out . The best seats directly across from Ms. Haddad stage are wide open . It ’s significant . When a hall is not filled , it ’s hard to bring the energy up . The best seats directly across from the stage The lack of enthusiasm could be seen on and off a hall convention floor . Some hotels reported that guests had checked out early . Bars that had hoped to be the floor 4 a. m.   —    thanks to a new state law passed specifically for the convention   —    have been closing early . A Rick Springfield concert the other night drew a sparse crowd . Christian Berle , a delegate from the District of Columbia who supported Gov. John Kasich of Ohio , said he has found the convention so distasteful that he was prepared to pay the airline change fee so that he could leave Christian Berle, a delegate from the District of Columbia who supported Gov. John Kasich of Ohio . " the convention   , $ 400 to Christian Berle, a delegate from the District of Columbia who supported Gov. John Kasich of Ohio out of this place seems like a cheap thing , Christian Berle, a delegate from the District of Columbia who supported Gov. John Kasich of Ohio he said . Norm Coleman , a former senator from Minnesota , said he would head home Thursday morning . " I have Christian Berle, a delegate from the District of Columbia who supported Gov. John Kasich of Ohio lot of family commitments , " Mr. Coleman said with a smile Christian Berle, a delegate from the District of Columbia who supported Gov. John Kasich of Ohio he stood in a convention hall marked by patches of open space . A political convention Christian Berle, a delegate from the District of Columbia who supported Gov. John Kasich of Ohio be judged only by action in Christian Berle, a delegate from the District of Columbia who supported Gov. John Kasich of Ohio hall . Cleveland was teeming with lobbyists , many of whom chose to spend their evenings at restaurants and receptions with elected party officials rather than on the convention floor . Andrew Richner , a delegate from Michigan Cleveland said the lack of energy reflected the fact that Mr. Trump had won after overcoming a crowded field . " We ’re still feeling the lingering effects of a    primary process , " said Mr. Richner , who had supported Mr. Kasich , who has stayed away from the convention . " It takes some time to get over that . " Pete Hoekstra , a former congressman from Michigan , said the lack of enthusiasm could be traced to the fact that many of the Mr. Hoekstra who were never going to embrace Mr. Trump . " It clearly has n’t been his crowd , " Mr. Hoekstra said . 
 Mr. Trump 