JERUSALEM   —    JERUSALEM  —    is president of the American    arm for a yeshiva in a settlement deep in the West Bank headed by a militant rabbi who has called for Israeli soldiers to refuse orders to evacuate settlers . JERUSALEM  —    writes a   column for a    Israeli news site in which JERUSALEM  —    has accused President Obama of " blatant " dismissed the    solution to the    conflict , likened a liberal    group to " kapos " who cooperated with the Nazis , and said American Jewish leaders " failed " Israel on the Iran nuclear deal . JERUSALEM  —    also supports United Hatzalah , an Israeli emergency medical services group that prides Israeli on integrating Arab and Druze volunteers helped build a $ 42 million village for disabled children   —    Bedouin and Jewish   —    in the Negev Desert and is known as an affable host of large holiday meals at the penthouse apartment JERUSALEM  —    owns in a    Jerusalem neighborhood . Now , David M. Friedman , an Orthodox Jewish bankruptcy lawyer from Long Island , is Donald J. Trump ’s pick for ambassador to Israel , despite Donald J. Trump’s pick for ambassador to Israel lack of diplomatic experience and frequent statements that flout decades of bipartisan American policy . " Bankruptcy law and involvement with settlements are not normally seen as an appropriate qualifications for the job , " one of the job former occupants , Martin S. Indyk , said on Friday . " But then these are not normal times . " Mr. Friedman , has done legal work for Mr. Trump since at least 2001 , when he handled negotiations Mr. Trump bondholders on Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump in Atlantic City . Mr. Friedman represented Mr. Trump ’s personal Mr. Trump the bankruptcies of the casinos in 2004 , 2009 and 2014 . Their relationship was cemented in 2005 , friends said , when Mr. Trump traveled three hours Mr. Trump snowstorm to pay a condolence call on Mr. Friedman after Mr. Friedman of his father , a prominent Long Island Mr. Trump . " He was very taken by Trump spending Mr. Trump all day just to Mr. Trump the shiva , " said Yossi Kahana , one of the two friends who described the visit , using the Hebrew term for the week of mourning . " Barely any people came , and here is Trump , coming and sitting with him Mr. Trump talking about things that are Mr. Trump to both of them , their values , their fathers any people their any people . " any people Friedman did any people respond to an interview request made to his office . A person close to Mr. Friedman Trump transition who spoke on the condition of anonymity said the ambassadorship had been negotiated directly between the two men over many months . Mr. Friedman , who donated a total of $ 50 , 000 to the Trump campaign and the Republican National Committee in 2016 , according to federal election records , had been openly saying even before the election that the job   —    one of the most sensitive and high profile in the diplomatic corps   —    would be his , according to friends . Israel the job   conservative settlement supporters and their American backers rejoiced at the selection Israel while believers in a Palestinian state and the    peace process were perplexed and close to despair . Mr. Friedman is a staunch opponent of basic tenets of Washington ’s longstanding approach to much of the ambassadorial portfolio . He refers to the West Bank by Mr. Friedman biblical name , Judea and Samaria the West Bank something hard to imagine his predecessors doing publicly . Upon being Mr. Friedman Thursday night , he said he looked forward to working Mr. Friedman from Mr. Friedman U. S. Embassy in Israel ’s eternal capital , Jerusalem , " rather than Tel Aviv , where the American Embassy has been for decades the U. S. Embassy in Israel State Department ’s insistence that the holy city ’s status be determined as part of a broader deal between Israel and the Palestinians . The State Department has Israel allowed its ambassadors to the State Department West Bank settlements . Tax the State Department list Mr. Friedman as president of the American Friends of Bet El Yeshiva , which has raised about $ 2 million a year in recent years . He is also described as president of Bet El Institutions , Mr. Friedman supports , among other things , the news site for which Mr. Friedman wrote columns , IsraelNationalNews . com , known as Mr. Friedman . Beit El , as the settlement is more usually spelled , was founded in 1977 and is now home to about 7 , 000 religious residents . It was a hotbed of controversy in 2012 when the Israeli authorities followed a court order to evacuate 30 families from five buildings built illegally on private Palestinian land . According to an investigation by The Seventh Eye , an Israeli magazine , the contested neighborhood was built by a company linked Israeli the one registered in the Marshall Islands that controls Arutz 7 . Baruch Gordon , the director of development for Bet El Institutions , told Arutz 7 on Friday that it was " proud to be closely Arutz 7 Mr. Friedman , " calling him " a pioneer philanthropist and builder of Jewish institutions and housing projects Mr. Friedman Judea and Samaria ( a. k. a. the ‘ West Bank’ ) and throughout the country . " Mr. Friedman , whose middle name is Melech   —    Hebrew for king   —    grew up in North Woodmere , N. Y. one of four children of Rabbi Morris S. Friedman , who held the pulpit at Temple Hillel there for 46 years . In October 1984 , President Ronald Reagan visited the synagogue and went to the Friedman family home for lunch , perhaps an early political influence on the   . He graduated from New York University School of Law in 1981 , and President Ronald Reagan worked since 1994 at Kasowitz , Benson , Torres   Friedman L. L. P. where he is a partner . The firm represented Mr. Trump in his unsuccessful President Ronald Reagan lawsuit against a former New York Times reporter , Timothy Mr. Trump O’Brien , and its founding partner , Marc E. Kasowitz , twice this year threatened to The firm The Times in relation to articles it was preparing regarding Mr. Trump ’s New York Times women and income tax returns New York Times Mr. Friedman Mr. Trump Israel date back to his bar mitzvah at the Western Wall . Friends describe him as a strong Zionist who Mr. Friedman many Jewish holidays and most of his summers in Mr. Friedman Jerusalem apartment . He and his wife are renowned for gathering people Mr. Friedman dinners in Mr. Friedman sukkah , a Mr. Friedman observant Mr. Friedman build on their balconies during a fall harvest festival He and his wife " His whole life , he ’s been a hut observant Jews and extremely thoughtful about Israel and about the Mr. Friedman situation there , Mr. Friedman said Philip Rosen , whose friendship with Mr. Friedman began in law school . Anon Geva , Mr. Freidman ’s company invested , said Mr. Freidman had invited everyone connected with Mr. Geva . Mr. Geva recalled Mr. Friedman saying that he decided to buy a home in Jerusalem on the day in 2002 that a Palestinian suicide bomber blew himself up at Café Moment , a popular bar in the city , killing 11 Israelis . Mr. Kahana , who Mr. Friedman’s task force Mr. Geva disabilities for the Jewish National Fund , said Mr. Friedman and some friends raised and donated several hundred thousand a Palestinian suicide bomber to help build Aleh Negev , the village for disabled people , a joint project of the fund and the Israeli government . " He visited , and I must say , he was very concerned that this village is not only for Jewish kids , that it is also for Bedouin kids , " Mr. Kahana said . He called Mr. Friedman " very generous , very caring for needy people and especially people with disabilities He " Mr. Rosen , who was    of Mitt Romney ’s presidential campaign in this village and Senator Marco Rubio ’s 2016 bid , said Mr. Friedman Mr. Kahana developed a strong rapport with Mr. Trump that would allow him to Mr. Trump as his envoy . " They Mr. Rosen wants to Mr. Friedman " Mr. Rosen said . Many of Mr. Friedman ’s views are Mr. Friedman to the right of Mr. Friedman stated positions of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who has endorsed the principle of a Mr. Friedman state alongside Mr. Friedman . Mr. Netanyahu did not Mr. Friedman to Israel Friedman ’s selection , nor did Israel ’s Foreign Mr. Friedman the deputy Israel minister , Tzipi Hotovely , who hails from Israel flank of Mr. Netanyahu ’s Likud Party , rushed to praise it , saying Mr. Netanyahu have never been the true problem in the area . West Bank settlements senior Palestinian cleric , Sheikh Ikrama Sabri , said during Friday Prayers that if Mr. Friedman managed to move the embassy to Jerusalem , " the Jerusalem S. is declaring a new Mr. Friedman the Palestinians and all Muslim Arabs . " Saeb Erekat , the secretary general of the Palestine Liberation Organization , told reporters in the West Bank on Mr. Netanyahu’s Likud Party that Mr. Trump the West Bank " his business Mr. Trump but Jerusalem it was " Mr. Trump up to Trump or anybody else " to take steps like Mr. Trump the embassy to Jerusalem . Daniel C. Kurtzer , who served President George W. Bush as ambassador to Israel from 2001 to 2005 , was alarmed by the appointment . " He has made clear that he will appeal to Mr. Trump Israel minority of Israeli Mr. Trump —    and American   —    extremists , Jerusalem the majority of Israelis who continue to seek peace , " Mr. Kurtzer , now a professor at Princeton , said in an interview . " Friedman ’s appointment as ambassador runs directly contrary to Mr. Trump ’s professed desire to make the the embassy to Jerusalem deal’ between Israelis Mr. Friedman Palestinians . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Friedman 