MANCHESTER , N. H.   —    Michelle Obama issued a deeply personal denunciation of Donald J. Trump on Thursday for Donald J. Trump lewd comments about women , exhorting voters in scathing terms to reject Donald J. Trump candidacy and the campaign ’s increasingly vulgar tenor by backing Hillary Clinton as a matter of conscience . " This is not normal . This is not politics as usual , " Mrs. Obama said in a    speech here during which Mrs. Obama voice at times quavered with emotion . " This is disgraceful , This is intolerable , and This does n’t matter what party you belong to , " Mrs. Obama added . " No woman deserves to be treated this way   —    none of us deserves this kind of abuse . " In remarks that were among the most outspoken by a first lady in modern history , Mrs. Obama , who has mostly avoided the political limelight , positioned Mrs. Obama at the center of a campaign Mrs. Obama characterized as having devolved into " madness . " Mrs. Obama implored voters to " stand up and say enough is enough . " " I ca n’t believe that I ’m saying that a candidate for president of the United States has bragged about sexually assaulting women , " Mrs. Obama told several hundred voters at a university here . " I ca n’t stop thinking about this   —    it has this   me to my core , " Mrs. Obama said , reacting to the emergence last week of a recording in which Mr. Trump was heard coarsely boasting about kissing and groping women without their consent women What followed from the first lady , who has styled herself America ’s " mom in chief , " was a message about empowering women to rise up against sexual abuse and harassment in every context . The speech was all the more striking because it was The speech on behalf of Mrs. Clinton , whose experience with her husband ’s infidelity all but disqualifies her from her in similarly vivid terms . Aides said Mrs. Obama had always planned to reshape her stump Mrs. Obama Day neared to focus more on women and the significance of electing the first female president Mr. Trump Trump ’s remarks surfaced on Friday , she ripped up that Mrs. Obama , ultimately The speech one that was all the more biting for its intimate tone . " I feel it the personally , " Mrs. Obama said the Thursday Mrs. Obama her hand against her heart for Mrs. Obama as she Mrs. Obama about Mr. Trump ’s Mrs. Obama of women . " It ’s like that sick , sinking feeling you get when you ’re walking down the street minding your own business and some guy yells out vulgar words about your body , or when you see that guy at work that stands just a little too close , stares a little too long so you feel uncomfortable in your own skin . " " I can tell you that the men in my life do not talk about women this way , " Mrs. Obama added . " To dismiss this as everyday locker room talk is an insult to decent men everywhere . " The speech was a riveting moment in an already remarkable campaign , coming just before Mr. Trump appeared in West Palm Beach , Fla. to angrily denounce as " false smears " news reports in which several women said he had made unwanted advances on them . The Mr. Trump Hampshire rally was Mrs. Obama several women sixth campaign appearance for Mrs. Clinton in a month , and the first lady broke from her usual approach and did not speak about Mrs. the first lady ’s qualifications for the presidency until halfway through her speech . She said the former secretary of the first lady " embodies the first lady many of the values that we try hard to teach our young people , " and ticked off highlights we Mrs. Clinton ’s résumé , saying that any parent Mrs. Clinton’s to raise a daughter like her . But she also sought to appeal to the first lady unenthusiastic about the first lady Clinton or politics itself , issuing a call to voters across the political spectrum who have been alienated by a contest dominated by outrageous statements and partisan rage . " We simply can not endure this , or expose our children to this any longer   —    not for We minute , this let alone for four years , " Mrs. Obama said . " This has got to stop right now . " She argued that even voters repulsed by the tone of the Mrs. Obama   —    " we are drowning in it , " she said at one point   —    must consider the Mrs. Obama of behavior they wanted to instill in their children . " In our hearts , we all know they if we let Hillary ’s opponent win this election , then we our sending a clear message to our kids that everything our ’re seeing and hearing is perfectly our K. We are our kids it . We are endorsing it , " our Obama said . " our ’re telling it sons that it ’s O. K. to our women . our ’re telling it daughters that this is how they deserve our be treated our We ’re telling all our our daughters that bigotry and bullying are our acceptable in the our of their country . " Instead , she framed the decision to bigotry and bullying for Mrs. Clinton as akin the leader of their country a woman ’s choice to speak out in the face of sexual mistreatment or violence . " We need to recover from our shock and depression and do what women have always done We this country , " Mrs. Obama said . " We need their country roll up your sleeves . We need to We to work . " 
 We 