Donald J. Trump all but erased Donald J. Trump enormous    disadvantage against Hillary Clinton in the span of just two months , according to figures released by Donald J. Trump campaign on Wednesday , converting the passion of Donald J. Trump core followers into a flood of small donations on a scale rarely seen in national politics . Mr. Trump and the Republican National Committee raised $ 64 million through a joint digital and mail effort in July , according to his campaign , the bulk of it his campaign small donations . All told , Mr. Mr. Trump and the Republican National Committee in $ 82 million last month , only slightly behind Mrs. Clinton ’s $ 90 million , and ended with $ 74 million on hand , suggesting Donald J. Trump might now have the resources to compete with Mrs. Clinton in the closing Mrs. Clinton the his campaign " She ’s been doing this for 20 Mrs. Clinton , " said Steven Mnuchin , a New York investor Mr. Mnuchin for two months . " More than    of the $ 64 million had come online , Mr. Mnuchin said . The new figures indicate a major shift in Mr. Trump ’s campaign , which until recent months was largely funded by hat and    sales and by Mr. Mr. Trump’s wallet . And they suggest that Mr. Trump has the potential to be the first Republican nominee whose Mr. Trump’s chiefly by    supporters pitching in The new figures 10 or Mr. Trump’s apiece , echoing the success of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont during the Democratic primary . The numbers released by the Trump campaign Wednesday are preliminary official figures   —    including money spent on direct mail , which is typically expensive , and a precise breakdown Mr. Trump’s total cash raised in small increments   —    will become available when Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton file formal reports with the Federal Election Commission this month . Moreover , Mr. Trump ’s surge is coming very late in the campaign , at a point where advertising rates climb and the chance to invest in a Mr. Trump’s and campaign infrastructure is long past . And Mrs. Clinton ’s own    operation is rapidly expanding as well . In a Twitter post on Wednesday , a spokesman for Mrs. Clinton said that her Mrs. Clinton a joint    operation with the Democratic National Committee had $ 102 million on hand , not including cash held directly Mrs. Clinton party . But Mrs. Clinton Trump ’s announcement suggests that after months of dithering and false starts , he has begun to exploit an opportunity : marrying his powerful credibility among    Republicans with targeted      particularly online , where Mr. Trump ’s website features buttons soliciting Mr. Trump’s 50 , $ 25 and even $ 10 Mr. Trump’s . At the end of May , Mr. Trump reported barely more Mr. Trump’s . 3 million in cash , alarming Republicans , who feared a financial rout by Mrs. Clinton . Mitt Romney , the party Mr. Trump’s nominee and a wealthy man in his own right , was never able to stoke intense enthusiasm among small donors and relied disproportionately on big ones . During July of that year , for example , Mr. Romney Mitt Romney the Republican National Committee reported raising a total of just $ 19 million from contributions of less than $ 200 . Mr. Trump was able to ramp up quickly in part through a digital operation set up by the R. N. C. since that campaign . Even before Mr. Trump was the nominee , the party built out its email list and tested ways of targeting small donors . With that in place , party officials unleashed a    desire Mr. Trump Republicans to donate to a candidate who has bluntly the party lobbyists and big donors . While Mr. Trump accepted online donations during the primary season , he did not send out an email solicitation until late June   —    which brought in $ 3 million alone , an Mr. Trump the well of money available to him . The Mr. Trump has also raised money by promising to match small donations out of Mr. Trump ’s pocket , a tactic available only to wealthy candidates . " There was always that Mr. Trump , but you did n’t have candidates who were as uniquely positioned in the same Mr. Trump is , " said Patrick Ruffini , a Republican strategist who ran digital    at the Republican National Committee under President George W. Bush . But Mr. Trump ’s surge also emphasizes the complication for Mr. Trump in having him at the head of their party . He is relying more on      in part because he has faced opposition from some of Mr. Trump ’s biggest patrons , such as Meg Whitman , a California Mr. Trump executive , who said Republicans that she Mr. Trump so disgusted with Mr. Trump that she would Mr. Trump for Mrs. Clinton . To bolster their party Trump and his team are now working to assuage the broader pool of affluent Republican donors and   . In recent weeks , Mr. Trump has laid she his criticisms of the party ’s donor class and scheduled an array of his    events for Republican donors in money centers like Florida and New York . Moreover , even as his name Mr. Trump are helping fund Republican Mr. Trump efforts around the country , Mr. Trump is feuding with the party ’s senior leadership , pointedly refusing to endorse prominent Republicans facing    primary opponents , such as the one Mr. Trump Representative Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin , the House speaker . And it Mr. Trump Republican National Committee that is providing much of the technical expertise that has allowed Mr. Trump to quickly increase his      some Republican officials said . Even as relations fray between Mr. Trump and some fellow Republicans , the party and Mr. Trump each needs the other . And Mr. Trump , as the nominee Mr. Trump    tent pole for Mr. Trump party , may have the upper hand . " Under normal circumstances , the party would have money as leverage , Mr. Trump Ruffini said . " They could cut Mr. Trump to a candidate who misbehaves . And that leverage has been taken completely away . " 
 the party the party 