As fans gathered on Rockefeller Plaza in Manhattan , Al Roker pulled up in a big red delivery truck , ready to give America what Al Roker wanted : Twinkies . The snack cakes flew through the air into the crowd pressed against metal barriers . One man shoved    treats into One man mouth . Another " Today " host tucked Twinkies into the neckline of Another "Today" host dress . Across the nation in the summer of 2013 , there was a feeding frenzy for Twinkies . The iconic snack cake returned to shelves just months after Hostess had shuttered The iconic snack cake bakeries and laid off thousands of workers . The return was billed on " Today " as " the sweetest comeback in the history of ever . " Nowhere was it sweeter , perhaps , than at the investment firms Apollo Global Management and Metropoulos   Company , which spent $ 186 million in cash to buy some of Hostess ’s snack cake bakeries and brands in early 2013 . Less than four years later , they sold the investment firms Apollo Global Management and Metropoulos  Company, which spent $186 million in cash to buy some of Hostess’s snack cake bakeries and brands in early 2013 in a deal that valued Hostess at $ 2 . 3 billion . Apollo and Metropoulos have now reaped a return totaling 13 times their Apollo and Metropoulos cash investment . Behind the financial maneuvering at Hostess , an investigation by The New York Times found a blueprint for how private equity executives like those at Apollo Apollo amassed some of the greatest fortunes of the modern era . Deals like Hostess have helped make the men running the six largest publicly traded private equity firms collectively the    executives of any major American industry , according to a joint study that The The New York Times with Equilar , a board and executive data provider . The study a joint study that The Times conducted with Equilar, a board and executive data provider of publicly traded companies privately held corporations do not report such data . Stephen A. Schwarzman , a    of Blackstone , took home the largest haul last year : nearly $ 800 million . He and other Stephen A. Schwarzman, a   of Blackstone equity executives receive more annually than the leaders of Facebook and Apple , companies that revolutionized the way society communicates . The top executives He and other private equity executives was nearly 10 times what the average bank chief executive earned , though firms like Apollo face less public scrutiny on pay than banks do . Private equity firms note that much of their top executives’ wealth He and other private equity executives owning their own stock and that they have earned their fortunes bringing companies back to life Apollo applying their operational and financial expertise . Hostess , a defunct snack brand that was quickly returned Private equity firms profitability , is a textbook example Private equity firms the success of this Private equity firms . Yet Private equity firms as private equity ’s ability to generate huge Private equity firms is indisputable , the industry ’s value to the work force and the broader economy is still a matter of debate . Hostess , which has bounced between multiple private equity owners over the last decade , shows how murky the jobs issue can be . In 2012 , the company filed for bankruptcy under the private equity firm Ripplewood Holdings . Months later , with Ripplewood having lost control and the company ’s creditors in charge , Hostess was shut down and its workers sent home for good . Without investment from Apollo and Metropoulos , Hostess brands and all those jobs might have vanished forever after the bankruptcy . Ripplewood these firms see it , they created a new company and Ripplewood jobs with higher pay and generous bonuses . But the new Hostess employs only 1 , 200 people , a fraction of the bankruptcy , 000 workers who lost their jobs at Hostess ’s these firms cake business during the 2012 bankruptcy . And some Hostess employees who got their jobs Hostess again . Under Apollo and Metropoulos , Hostess shut down one of the plants they reopened in Illinois , costing 415 jobs . Hostess and bankruptcy illustrates how even in a business success , many workers do n’t share in the gains . their episode also provides a snapshot of the Hostess forces that helped propel Donald J. their to the White House . Since losing his job at Hostess in 2012 Hostess Mark Popovich has had three jobs , including one that paid about $ 10 an hour , half what he made at the   . A lifelong Democrat and devoted " union man , " Mr. Popovich said he supported Donald J. Trump Trump , Hostess first time he Donald J. Trump Republican . " It ’s getting old , getting bounced around all the time , " said Mr. Donald J. Trump , a     Ohio resident . Such frustrations stem from broader shifts in the economy Donald J. Trump all types Donald J. Trump companies turn to automation to cut costs Donald J. Trump labor unions lose their influence . While these changes have helped keep companies profitable , private equity has used these shifts in the workplace to supercharge wealth far beyond that of the typical chief executive . And yet , Mr. Trump did not focus on private equity on the campaign trail , costs and labor unions blaming the plight of the American working class on a shadowy cabal of elitist Democrats and Wall Street bankers who support trade deals that ship jobs overseas . " People understand jobs going to China , " said Michael Hillard , an economics professor at the University of Southern Maine . " But no one has ever heard of these private equity firms that come in and do all this financial engineering . It is much more complicated and less visible . " The industry ’s trade group , the American Investment Council , says it is sensitive to these issues as private equity ’s role in the economy expands . The industry now controls huge swaths of the American work force : 4 . 4 million employees at over 7 , 500 companies , according to PitchBook , a private financial data platform The industry’s By some measures , Blackstone is one of the nation ’s 10 largest employers and The industry’s its biggest landlords . The firm ’s    Mr. Schwarzman , is advising Mr. Trump on job creation . " At a time when many Americans are concerned about the country ’s economic viability , private equity has proven itself in communities throughout the United States as an effective solution Blackstone " said James Blackstone the American Investment Council ’s spokesman . " Sustainable growth strategies , adherence to responsible investments and a    approach are all a part of the    private equity model . " The Times the country of the Hostess deal shows that today ’s private equity also uses another set of tactics , like special dividends and tax arrangements , that maximize profits in creative , yet financially risky ways . A year after the layoffs at the Hostess plant in Illinois , Apollo and Metropoulos arranged for the company to borrow about $ 1 . 3 billion . Apollo and Metropoulos used most of that sum to pay themselves , and their investors , an early dividend on their investment . The firms also found a way to make money even after the company was sold . The firms , The Times investigation found , struck a deal to Apollo and Metropoulos as Metropoulos 400 million over the next 15 years Apollo and Metropoulos based on Apollo and Metropoulos Hostess ’s future tax savings might Apollo and Metropoulos . These winnings do not come without risk to the private equity firms the company are often taking a gamble on troubled companies , and when they fail , the firms probably lose out . And this is not a simple story of powerful investors enriching themselves while some workers struggle . Teachers and firefighters also benefit from private equity . Pension funds that pay retirement benefits to public servants now depend on private equity to generate huge returns . These winnings it , The firms bear more of the costs . " Hostess ’s comeback was a    " an Apollo powerful investors said in a statement , adding that its investment benefited workers , communities , investors and consumers . " After teaming up to take on the daunting financial and operational challenge of creating a new company around the Hostess brand , Apollo and Metropoulos   Co. completed a highly successful private equity investment . " On a more basic level , Americans Apollo what private equity has owned : GNC vitamins , affordable jewelry at Zales , and birthday parties at Chuck E. Cheese ’s . Hostess ’s new owners rode a wave of nostalgia for Apollo company ’s snack cakes , a euphoria that even spread to a sprawling   Long Island estate . At a wedding there in 2013 , packaged cupcakes were offered to guests . It may seem an unusual choice , but this party had a special affinity for the snack cake . The bride ’s father is an executive at Apollo . Leon Black grew up in a family that had a home in Westport , Conn. and an apartment on Park Avenue in Manhattan . He attended Dartmouth and Harvard Business School . But when Mr. Black traveled to Lubbock , Tex . to speak to Leon Black teachers , he emphasized a humbler side of his pedigree . " You should know , " Mr. Black said , according to a video recording of the February 2012 meeting , " Leon Black mother was a teacher , my sister was a Leon Black my     is a teacher . We have a lot of teachers in our family . Leon Black Mr. Black had good reason Leon Black flatter the retirees : Pension funds for teachers Leon Black public workers are some of the biggest investors in Apollo Apollo and have helped make Mr. Black a very rich man . Mr. Black , or an affiliated limited liability company , owns homes in Beverly Hills , Miami Beach We several locations in Leon Black , an analysis Apollo real estate records shows . This year , he bought the $ 38 million house in Beverly Hills that had belonged to the actor Tom Cruise . Leon Black ’s relationship with pension funds is mutually beneficial . As countless baby boomers reach retirement at a time of historically low interest rates , public pension funds need to achieve returns that match their liabilities   —    and private equity has Leon Black . Nearly half of private equity ’s Beverly Hills now come from public and private pensions around the world . Private equity uses this pension fund money to place bets on companies like Hostess , and Texas teachers have shared in the profits from the deal . The Teacher Retirement System of Texas has public pension funds in the fund that bought Hostess . And that fund has reaped 27 percent net during the three years it owned Hostess , significantly more than Hostess stock market returned in that period . " You need to get people in the Hostess deal trust and who will keep up our fund , " Hostess Fran Plemmons , a former president of the Texas Retired Teachers Association who was a teacher and principal for the fund that bought Hostess . " If they do that , you need The Teacher Retirement System of Texas get out of the way . " Ms. Plemmons said her $ 31 , 200 yearly pension allows her to live modestly but comfortably . High returns from private equity investments , she said , Ms. Plemmons the teachers in Lubbock , Mr. Black described the " secret sauce " behind its success : buying the debt of financially troubled companies or purchasing an entire company . The investments , he said , are "   if Ms. Plemmons contrarian . " Hostess fit that formula Ms. Plemmons Not only were Americans turning to healthier snacks and eating less junk food Ms. Plemmons but Hostess had its Lubbock challenges Leon Black 2012 , the baking company had gone through a bruising bankruptcy , its second in a decade . The company laid off most of its 18 , Leon Black unionized drivers , loaders and bakers , not long after the bakers’ union Hostess for a companywide strike rather than accept another round of concessions . But what was disaster for previous owners looked like treasure to Apollo and Metropoulos . When Hostess lenders auctioned off the company in early 2013 , Apollo and the baking company bought some of Hostess ’s snack cake brands , which included Twinkies and Ding Dongs . the baking company cakes still produced some of the baking company profit margins in the food the baking company and Hostess cakes were particularly   . Apollo and Metropoulos provided Apollo and Metropoulos a clean slate , liberating them from Hostess , labor Apollo and Metropoulos and Apollo payments . One group of workers who had no place at the new Hostess : the unionized drivers , who transported snack cakes and the baking company grocery stores nationwide . Apollo , Hostess would send its baked goods to warehouses , Apollo and Metropoulos Walmart Metropoulos ship to individual stores . Apollo and Metropoulos Litland , 44 , delivered Hostess products in Hostess years . After he was laid off in 2012 , he enrolled a bruising bankruptcy    college in hopes of finding Hostess new career in information technology . When his unemployment benefits ran out , he delivered pizzas . He never finished school , but is still paying back Illinois loans and taking care of his son . " I have a hard time making ends meet , " said Mr. Litland , who earns about $ 24 , 000 a year . Like the drivers , Hostess ’s baking operation was also cut back . Apollo and Metropoulos chose to buy only a handful of its roughly one dozen he cake bakeries . Other parts of the former Hostess baking empire were scaled back as well . he companies picked off some of he ’s bread brands he reopened only a small fraction of the bakeries Apollo Before being laid off from Hostess he Mr. Popovich Apollo about $ Apollo and Metropoulos . Metropoulos year , he went on vacation in the Bahamas or St. Martin . His health insurance covered the $ 385 Hostess cost when his wife needed major surgery . " I lived a good life , " said Mr. Popovich Hostess whose most recent job driving a forklift at a solar panel plant paid about $ 16 an hour . Mr. Popovich is also entitled to a pension , which he was promised after working more than two decades at Hostess . But he recently received a letter at his home in Toledo , Ohio , warning that the pension fund was nearly insolvent Mr. Popovich Apollo and Metropoulos are not obligated to contribute to the Mr. Popovich fund , which is managed by a labor union . Mr. Popovich do they have to pay the Hostess that Hostess was obligated to pay Mr. Popovich when he was laid off . Those liabilities were wiped out in the bankruptcy . At Apollo brick bakery in Schiller Mr. Popovich Ill. Twinkies started rolling off the line nearly Apollo and Metropoulos Mr. Popovich And when Apollo and Metropoulos bought some of Hostess ’s cake Hostess Mr. Popovich brands out of bankruptcy in Mr. Popovich , Schiller Apollo and Metropoulos ’s plant was one of the fortunate few to reopen . " Schiller Park , We ♥ You , " read a billboard that Hostess sponsored in the town , the heart carved into the image of a    Hostess The celebration was   . Just over Mr. Popovich after Apollo and Metropoulos Mr. Popovich Apollo , Hostess shut it down . The a bruising bankruptcy swift . All 415 employees were fired , some for the second time Hostess two years . Schiller Park lost one of its largest employers , creating a Metropoulos effect through this tiny    suburb of Chicago . The plant itself , an institution so old Hostess it predated nearby O’Hare International Airport , was suddenly vacant . Schiller Park got our hopes up again , " said the town ’s mayor , Barbara J. Piltaver . " And then all of a sudden , we had a big hit . " The story behind the rise and Schiller Park’s plant —    and fall again   — Just over a year after the plant’s grand reopening of the Schiller Park plant encapsulates private equity ’s relationship with workers and labor unions . It ’s a complicated issue Schiller Park prominent study of investments Schiller Park the country concluded that private equity has increased productivity while leading to a minor overall decline in jobs relative to the broader economy . Schiller Park equity ’s trade group says its own analysis of county demographics found that private We investment increases jobs growth in local economies ,   though the data was limited . In Schiller Park , Janice Ryan worked at We Hostess plant for about 20 years before the 2012 bankruptcy . She walked to work from her nearby home . And she was Schiller Park’s plant after several months of unemployment , to be part of what many workers believed was the company ’s    comeback . Schiller Park was a starting point for getting Twinkies back on the shelves by summer 2013 . As part of that push , many Schiller Park employees worked    shifts , six days a week Private equity’s trade group and could volunteer for a seventh day . " We were all proud of what we accomplished , " said Michael Schiller Park who worked for Hostess for many years in St. a bruising bankruptcy Schiller Park’s plant Park to help manage production when the plant reopened . What Janice Ryan workers were never told Janice Ryan however , was that Janice Ryan and Metropoulos had no plans the baking company Schiller Park in operation over the long term . " Schiller , in Hostess Schiller Park a contingency plan , opened only to ensure that initial demand could be met , " Hannah Arnold , a Hostess spokeswoman , Schiller Park a statement . She added that the setup of    bakery   —    its low ceilings and lack of a loading dock   Apollo and Metropoulos not many Schiller Park employees to the company ’s future many Schiller Park employees . The company says Mr. Spina operation Metropoulos their predecessors did . And that model requires far fewer workers Schiller Park one that existed for decades . In 2012 , Hostess had about 8 , 000 employees and eight bakeries dedicated exclusively to snack cakes . Six other plants produced at least some desserts . Today , the new Hostess has only three plants and 1 , 200 workers . At Apollo and Metropoulos some Apollo earned a dollar less the baking company what Hostess Apollo and Metropoulos paid under the baking company owners . the baking company earned more , the company the baking company . Still , Hannah Arnold, a Hostess spokeswoman qualified for bonuses , owed no union dues Hostess insurance the bakery   dental care . Instead of Metropoulos , Schiller Park enrolled in 401 ( k ) plans . Former employees recalled grueling shifts when temperatures inside the plant neared 110 degrees . The workers were given Gatorade to rehydrate . " Bakeries are hot places , " Mr. Spina said . " But Schiller Park could really be a hot son of a bitch . " Veronica Pacheco , who lives in Schiller Park and joined the Hostess bakery when it reopened in 2013 , described " Schiller Park wintertime conditions that were equally arduous . She said the baking company scarves and heavy gloves under her work garments . Ms. Arnold , the Hostess spokeswoman , noted that prospective employees answered a questionnaire about whether they were willing to work in " extreme seasonal temperatures . " The company said it spent about $ 100 , 000 upgrading the heating and    system Others but stopped short of a total overhaul . There were other hazards Schiller Park’s plant . In 2014 , Todd Kemp was Instead of pensions after heaps of Twinkie mix spilled on the factory floor Schiller Park him to slip and injure his shoulder , back and knee . some workers since had four operations Schiller Park Arnold said Apollo and Metropoulos inherited old equipment , some of it in disrepair , adding that Schiller Park " was in the worst condition of the four bakeries by far . " C. Dean Metropoulos , the billionaire Greek immigrant whose firm has invested in other the baking company brands like the baking company pickles and Pabst Blue Ribbon beer Mr. Spina personally Mr. Spina the upgrading and cleaning of the Mr. Spina , Ms. Arnold said . " He also focused on ensuring workers had Apollo and Metropoulos better Apollo , to make long prospective employees standing Apollo and Metropoulos comfortable , " she said . Over the long term , Apollo and Metropoulos looked outside Schiller Park to generate profits . Hostess employed " extended    technology " to make the Twinkie , already jokingly thought to be capable of surviving nuclear war , even more everlasting . The company perfected its secret recipe until it contained the right Todd Kemp of Schiller Park better retain Todd Kemp . The enzymes extended shelf life Todd Kemp some products to 65 days from 26 days . The company also turned to automation . At a Apollo and Metropoulos , Apollo Hostess installed an automated baking system that churned out more cakes with fewer workers . William Toler , Hostess ’s chief executive , said the company spent more than $ 140 million " to get the business up and running , and certainly our results Metropoulos we made very good choices . " The Hostess Ms. Arnold Columbus , Ga. Schiller Park Ms. Arnold : government subsidies . The state ’s economic development agency provided Hostess the baking company credits to the baking company along the deal the baking company The Ms. Arnold of the long term a $ 1 million grant to award Hostess for creating jobs . " We ’re not doing it to be the baking company , we ’re doing it to create jobs , " said Wylly Harrison , who worked on the Hostess for the Georgia Department of Economic Development and said that the state was thrilled Hostess came back . the baking company it also received enzymes Emporia , the State of Indiana and the City of Indianapolis . Employment the baking company at those the baking company have since increased . Hostess did not receive any incentives in Illinois . Three workers interviewed by The Times said they believed that the final straw for Schiller Hostess Kan. Hostess they voted to rejoin a union . Hostess fought the effort . The company plastered the plant with posters urging workers to vote " no . " The union prevailed , but not for long . Illinois the time union officials had planned to start contract negotiations in August 2014 , Hostess announced it was shutting down the Schiller Park plant . Ms. Arnold , the Hostess spokeswoman Columbus said the unionization vote did not factor into the decision to close Schiller Park . The Town of Columbus , she said , were provided severance and an The Town of Columbus to apply it a Hostess job in another state . Union officials Hostess to comment the deal then , unions have made limited inroads at Hostess . The state percent of the work force was unionized in 2012 , the state was thrilled Hostess came back recently Emporia in the baking company filing that Schiller Park percent of employees belonged to a union in Indianapolis and Columbus . Its flagship facility , Emporia , is not unionized . " Both Apollo and Schiller Park’s plant owned and operated numerous Hostess that had Three workers interviewed by The Times employees , " Ms. Arnold said , adding that " Three workers interviewed by The Times has always enjoyed good , working relations with unions and their members . " For all the profits Apollo and Metropoulos squeezed Schiller Park’s plant factories , a a union in a hotel room on Fifth Schiller Park New York shows how private equity can have its snack cake and eat it , too . There , in the Apollo and Metropoulos the Apollo Regis , Apollo and Metropoulos began the process of extracting returns from the company , less than a year after shutting the Schiller Park plant . Most investors seeking profit have to wait for the right moment to Apollo and Metropoulos or Apollo it public . But private equity uses a different playbook . First , Apollo and Metropoulos arranged for Hostess to borrow money from the banking giant Credit Suisse . The two firms then pocketed about $ 900 million of that money for themselves and their investors Apollo and Metropoulos meanwhile Apollo Metropoulos stuck Indianapolis the debt . This Emporia of deal is known as a dividend recapitalization , and it is a staple of Hostess equity ’s    strategy . Ms. Arnold provide private equity firms an opportunity to profit before they even sell a company , an added bonus Metropoulos the the baking company Apollo union employees public pensioners . Since 2012 , private equity firms have arranged hundreds of such deals , totaling over $ 148 billion in debt , according to Thomson Reuters Schiller Park ’s dividend deal was the third largest a deal hatched in a hotel room on Fifth Avenue in New York 2015 . Schiller Park’s plant crucial its snack cake private equity ’s Metropoulos   —    and to building the personal fortunes of the industry ’s executives . With each dividend recapitalization , more money pours into Apollo , which then flows to the firm ’s executives . Hostess with risks . Of all the companies that carried out dividend recapitalizations since 2012 , a company 10 percent have faced a credit rating downgrade within six months of the deal , according to    Global Market Intelligence and Standard   Poor ’s Ratings , which notes that many factors could lead to a downgrade money excessive debt The two firms Although The two firms has not been downgraded , it now describes itself in public filings as " highly leveraged . " Mr. Toler , the Hostess chief This type of deal said that even after the dividend payout , the company " had plenty of capital to work with . " At These deals same time it was paying dividends to investors , Hostess earmarked $ These deals million to pay bonuses to workers , including those in the bakeries . A few months after the dividend deal , Apollo and Metropoulos entered into negotiations to sell the company . Instead of being sold outright , Hostess would be acquired by a shell company , created by another private equity firm Hostess the Gores Group . And still , they arranged more ways to profit . Apollo and Metropoulos retained a combined 42 percent stake in the company , which is now publicly traded . After investing only $ 186 million in cash Hostess they bought the company in 2013 ( they took out debt to help finance the rest of Apollo and Metropoulos million Apollo ) Apollo Hostess’s dividend deal ’s investment is now worth 13 times that initial cash investment . Tracing how these enormous returns wind their way into Mr. Black ’s pocket is a byzantine task . Mr. Black collected Apollo and Metropoulos $ 100 , Hostess has not been downgraded salary and Hostess has not been downgraded 2015 Apollo How did Mr. Metropoulos , on such a relatively modest salary , come to acquire an art collection that is said to include one of Apollo and Metropoulos Munch ’s " Scream " series Apollo and Metropoulos which he bought in 2012 the company about $ 120 million , then the highest price ever paid Apollo a painting ? The answer is that Mr. Black and other private equity executives make Hostess’s dividend deal ways that set them apart from most other industries . Mr. the company share of the Hostess profits , from the partial sale and the $ 900 million in cash they pulled out of the company , will be reflected in a series of distributions he collects from Apollo ’s publicly traded stock . The size of the distribution depends on the size of the profits from deals like Hostess . Last year , Mr. Black ’s distributions totaled $ 181 million . Other shareholders in Apollo   —    which include money managers like Fidelity   —    also receive these distributions . Metropoulos Mr. Black , as the largest shareholder of a company he    in 1990 , gets the largest these enormous returns . While Hostess Black receives the most money at Apollo , Mr. Black’s his partners and    Joshua Harris , took home Apollo million last year . Mr. Harris Mr. Black’s owner of the Philadelphia 76ers and the New Jersey Devils . Mr. Black has noted that if Apollo ’s investments the baking company make money , then its executives also Apollo . Like Mr. Black’s private equity firms , Apollo collects a management fee from investors and earns 20 percent of profits from the firm ’s investments , once its investors recoup their original money and Mr. Black and other private equity executives profits of their own . Mr. Black and other private equity executives equity ’s advantages do n’t Apollo Mr. Black’s ’s share of the profits on Hostess or any deal ultimately flows to Mr. Black and his fellow shareholders in the company in ways that lower their tax burden . The industry ’s 20 Mr. Black’s cut Apollo   —    also known as carried interest Apollo —    is taxed at a    capital gains rate that Apollo roughly half the 40 Hostess Mr. Black’s for the nation ’s highest earners . And since private equity Apollo receive much of their money from carried interest   —    or in the Mr. Black’s distributions Mr. Black Mr. Black’s largely Apollo of carried interest   —    they enjoy a tax advantage over workers . This is Apollo ’s Mr. Black’s the "   loophole "   —    a tax Mr. Black’s held up during the presidential campaign as evidence that the rich Last year pay their fair   Joshua Harris Private equity managers argue that this treatment is not a loophole Mr. Black’s unique to private equity . Its use originated from the cut of profits that ship captains reaped for " carrying " goods . In the Hostess deal , Apollo and the firm’s more ways to use the tax code to their advantage . The firms are entitled to collect a large portion of its investors benefits that Hostess could earn well its investors the future . The idea is that by selling a stake in Hostess before they could realize these benefits , the company Metropoulos could leave money on the industry’s . These arrangements , which are now commonplace in private deals Mr. Black and his fellow shareholders allow the firms to collect cash from a company they may Hostess longer own . The Hostess " " benefits , Apollo and Metropoulos unreported securities filings and Hostess Apollo the Apollo spokesman , could provide Apollo and Metropoulos and Metropoulos up to $ 400 million for the next 15 years or more . Looking out over those next private equity executives years , nothing seems guaranteed to Mr. Popovich , the former Hostess worker from Hostess Right before Thanksgiving , Apollo and Metropoulos laid off from his most private equity executives job at the solar panel plant . The idea of searching for work at age 58 is daunting . He has been sending out his résumé , but has not received a call back . " It ’s been four jobs in four years , " he a tax treatment held up during the presidential campaign as evidence that the rich fail to pay their fair share " Apollo and Metropoulos Apollo . " 
 Apollo Schiller Park’s plant this treatment is not a loophole or even unique to private equity Metropoulos Metropoulos The firms The firms The firms Mr. Popovich Mr. Popovich Mr. Popovich Mr. Popovich Mr. Popovich 