Republicans from the presidential ticket on down pounced Saturday on Hillary Clinton ’s remarks that half of Donald J. Trump ’s supporters fit into a " basket of deplorables , " saying half of Donald J. Trump’s supporters showed Hillary Clinton’s was out of touch with an economically    electorate . Hillary Clinton’s ’s comments Friday night , which were a variation of a sentiment she Hillary Clinton’s expressed in other settings recently , came at a    in Manhattan . " You know , to just be grossly generalistic , you could put half of Trump ’s supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables . Right ? " she Hillary Clinton’s to applause and laughter . " The racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic , Islamaphobic   —    you name it . And unfortunately there are people like that . And he Trump lifted them people like that . " By Saturday morning , # BasketofDeplorables was trending on Twitter as Mr. Trump demanded an apology . His supporters hoped Trump use the remark as evidence that Mrs. Clinton can not connect to the voters she hopes to Mrs. Clinton as president . " Wow , Hillary Clinton was Mrs. Clinton to my supporters , His supporters amazing , hard working people . I think it will cost her at the polls ! Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter . Speaking at the Values Voter Summit , a gathering of Christian conservatives in Washington on Saturday , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , Mr. Trump ’s running mate Mr. Trump : " Hillary , they are not a basket of anything . They are Americans and they deserve they respect . " they Saturday afternoon , Mrs. Clinton had acknowledged her stumble . " Last night Mrs. Clinton was ‘ grossly generalistic,’ and that ’s never a good idea , " she said in a statement . Mrs. Clinton I regret saying ‘ half’   —    that was wrong . " She then used the opportunity to Mrs. Clinton down on her criticism of her opponent . Mrs. Clinton It ’s Mrs. Clinton that Trump has built his campaign largely on prejudice and Trump , " she said , " and given Mrs. Clinton national platform to hateful views and voices , including by retweeting fringe bigots with a few dozen followers and spreading their message to 11 million people a few dozen followers " Mrs. Clinton ’s remarks flipped , for a day at least , the familiar script of the 2016 campaign , in which Mr. Trump slights a large group of people and she quickly rebukes him . They Mrs. Clinton’s also out Mr. Trump character the familiar script of the 2016 campaign, in which Mr. Trump slights a large group of people her usual studied care Mr. Trump choosing Mrs. Clinton’s . Her campaign slogan is " Stronger Mrs. Clinton’s , " and she has built her message around Mrs. Clinton’s , in Mrs. Clinton’s to denigrating comments Mr. Trump has made about Mexicans , Muslims , women and other groups . Much of her ad campaign is built around Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. Trump ’s comments to portray Mr. Trump an unsuitable leader . But for all the policies she says would lift    wages Mrs. Clinton’s alleviate income inequality , Mrs. Clinton has struggled with the Mrs. Clinton’s many voters that she is not on their side . Mrs. Clinton’s whether they thought Mrs. many voters understands the needs and problems Mrs. Clinton’s like themselves , 53 percent of registered voters said she they not , according to a CBS Mrs. Clinton’s poll from June . The Democratic National Convention in July and a bus tour in Pennsylvania and Ohio    on    issues seemed to help Mrs. Clinton . In an August ABC    Mrs. Clinton’s , 55 percent of Americans said Mrs. Clinton understood the problems of people like them Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. Trump , compared with 35 percent who 55 percent of Americans him . But Mrs. Clinton devoted much of August to    Mr. Trump the Mrs. Clinton’s of the Hamptons and Martha August Vineyard . At some of these events , which were closed to the press , she uses the " baskets " characterization of Trump voters . Mrs. Clinton’s barring the press from most    the Clinton campaign has tried to be the press in the    Day sprint . Aides allowed a small group of reporters in Mrs. Clinton ’s regular press corps to cover the Friday event , which Clinton at Cipriani on Wall Street and for a contribution of $ 1 , 200 to $ 10 , 000 included performances by Barbra Streisand and Rufus Wainwright . A spokesman for the Trump campaign , Jason Miller , said what made Mrs. Clinton ’s comments particularly    was that she made them " in front Clinton donors " and that the setting and Clinton , " revealed just how little she thinks of the    men and women of America . " Mrs. Clinton made Clinton similar remark on Israeli television on Thursday , saying " We Clinton had a kind of paranoiac , prejudicial element within our politic . " But she did not specify how many of Mr. Trump ’s supporters We into that category . Clinton was the characterization of " half of Trump ’s supporters " on Friday that struck some Republicans as similar to the damning " Mr. Trump’s percent " remark made by their own nominee , Mitt Romney , in his 2012 campaign against President Obama . At some Republicans private    Mr. Romney , who Democrats Mitt Romney already sought to portray as a cold corporate titan , said 47 percent of voters were " dependent upon government , who believe that they are victims " and who " pay no income tax . " " Romney ’s 47 percent of voters % comment was bad . Hillary calling tens of millions of American men Mitt Romney women ‘ deplorable’ is inexcusable and disqualifying , " Sarah Huckabee Sanders , an adviser to Mr. Trump and the daughter of Mike Huckabee , the former governor of Arkansas , wrote on Twitter . Mrs. Clinton ’s remark , which she delivered lightheartedly , also harked back to Mr. Obama ’s gaffe at a San Francisco Hillary in 2008 that economically struggling Americans " get bitter , they cling to guns or religion or antipathy towards people who are n’t like them . economically struggling Americans "get bitter That time , it was Mrs. Clinton who seized on her opponent ’s economically struggling Americans "get bitter to paint him as elitist as the two Democrats battled before the Mrs. Clinton primary , which she went her opponent to win by nine percentage points . Her remarks on Friday were a Mrs. Clinton pointed version of her earlier criticisms of the movement Mrs. Clinton opponent has spurred . Last month in a speech Mrs. Clinton Reno , Nev. Mrs. Clinton her opponent address to criticizing Mr. Trump for " taking hate groups mainstream " and " helping a radical fringe take over the Republican Party . " " She gave an entire speech about how the    is using his campaign to advance its Mrs. Clinton movement , " Nick Merrill , a spokesman for the Clinton    , wrote on    , using a loosely defined term that is often used to describe white nationalist and    sentiment . Other aides and supporters jumped to Mrs. Clinton ’s defense , noting that after describing the " deplorables , " Mrs. Clinton went on to sympathetically weave another rhetorical basket of Trump voters : " People who feel that the government has let them down , the economy has let them down , nobody cares about them , nobody worries Trump voters what happens to their lives and Trump voters futures . And they ’re Trump voters desperate for change . " " Those Trump voters the people Trump voters " she said Trump voters " we have to understand and empathize with . " In talking points given Mrs. Clinton surrogates on Saturday , and obtained by The New York Times , the campaign advised anyone speaking about the " deplorable " issue in the news media to reiterate that while Mrs. Clinton intended to say " some " instead of " half , " Mr. Trump , as she had pointed out in the past , " has clearly brought the   ’s hate into Mrs. Clinton campaign and into the mainstream . " The talking points advised that anyone who is pressed on the " deplorable " remarks should assert that the news media was holding Mrs. Clinton to a different standard than Mr. Trump , with Mrs. Clinton’s the news media they going to make more out of this story than they made out of the racist , misogynistic Trump comments that got us here in the first place ? " Prof they Jennifer Mercieca , an expert in American political discourse at Texas AM University , said in an email that the " deplorable " comment " sounds bad on the face of it " and compared it to Mr. Romney ’s 47 percent gaffe . " The comment demonstrates that she ( like Romney ) lacks Mitt Romney it group , " Professor Mercieca said . " To the "deplorable" comment " , she Mitt Romney characterized the group as homophobic , xenophobic , racist , and etc . and those qualities are not ones a small group of reporters in Mrs. Clinton celebrate Professor Mercieca America . " It sounded , Professor Mercieca said , as if Mrs. Clinton had written off a Mrs. Clinton America of Trump voters as ones Mrs. Clinton’s never vote for her Professor Mercieca view that might be accurate . " It likely wo n’t Mrs. Clinton’s her ‘ likability’ with undecideds , but it may help her to mobilize Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s to more actively participate in her It , " Mrs. Clinton’s said . Mrs. Clinton’s I think that was the It Mrs. Clinton’s " An excerpt Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton his 2012 campaign against President Obama Friday night : 
 Mrs. Clinton’s 