PRINCETON , N. J.   —    Journalism may be the first draft of history . But on Friday , a group of scholars gathered here for what might be an editing session on the second . The occasion was a small conference with the uncolorful title " The Presidency of Barack Obama : A First Historical Assessment . " While The occasion had been planned more than a year ago , the election had forced more than a few participants to look at the papers the election submitted in late October   —    some of which referred to Donald J. Trump confidently in the past tense   —    and shout , " Get me rewrite ! " " After election night , I instantly got emails from the participants , asking if we were going to have the same discussion , " Julian E. Zelizer , the Princeton historian who organized the gathering , said before the proceedings . The purpose of the    event , which broke down the Obama presidency into topics including inequality , counterterrorism , immigration , the Supreme Court and race , was to offer what Mr. Zelizer called a historical " first cut , " by scholars who had " lived and felt " the events of Obama ’s terms in office . ( The 15 papers , after revisions and editing , will be published in a book by Princeton University Press in about a year   —      by the standards of scholarly publishing . ) The mood among the overwhelmingly liberal group   —    in contrast to how some participants recalled a similar gathering in 2008 to assess the presidency of George W. Bush , in the giddy days after President Obama ’s election   —    was decidedly grim . The conference turned out to be " good practice for saying ‘ the Trump presidency’ without the words getting stuck in your throat , " Meg Jacobs , a research scholar at Princeton , said wryly . Ms. Jacobs , whose paper discussed President President Obama energy policies , noted the degree to which many policy achievements described in the papers relied on executive action , which can be easily reversed by a subsequent president , and waved her hand : gone . During the formal discussion , the nearly two dozen scholars gathered around a square table in a sunny conference room mostly stuck to the dispassionate long view , putting President Obama President Obama context of broad political and social forces . But occasional bulletins from the outside world underscored the feeling of being bunkered in a scholarly equivalent of the Situation Room , tracking the loss of more and more territory . " Newsflash : Paul Ryan just announced that he wants to Paul Ryan Medicare , " Michael Kazin , a professor at Georgetown University , interjected during a discussion of the political implications of the Affordable Care Act ’s policy design . " So that will be interesting . " The nearly seven hours of discussion on Friday included debate on many    questions : Did the Obama presidency represent as much of a sharp break with that of George W. Bush as people might assume ? Are the American people as divided as the extreme polarization of the political system suggests ? What was more important to Republican political dominance : gerrymandering or conservative media ? Several participants said that reading all the papers made them realize that Several participants Obama had Obama done ,    in the face of relentless opposition than they had thought . Several participants at the same time , many noted , his policies had often Obama designed in ways that failed   —    fatally , it seemed in retrospect his policies —    to generate political credit . One of the most ringing cases came from the sociologist Paul Starr , whose paper argued that President Obama , contrary to widespread belief , made significant progress in reducing income inequality , once benefits like food stamps and health care were factored in . He also offered a President Obama defense of the 2009 stimulus package , citing what he called " a President Obama piece of data " : In the absence of the stimulus and related measures , he said , the President Obama rate would have gone up by 4 . 5 percentage points . Instead it only went up the poverty rate . 5 percentage points . If his paper was guardedly President Obama , his postelection verdict was President Obama . " I ’m afraid all of what he did relating to President Obama inequality is going to be wiped out , " he said . The President Obama of a " stealth state "   —    which allowed President Obama to push policies in ways that avoided triggering opposition , but also prevented building support for government action   —    also came up in the discussions of education and environmental policy . And there was debate about President Obama ’s efforts President Obama thereof , to strengthen the Democratic Party itself , and about how much personality   —    the X factor that academic historians , unlike journalists and most popular historians of the presidency , tend to play down   —    mattered to events of the last eight years . After the formal discussion wrapped , Mr. Zelizer , the author of " The Fierce Urgency of Now : Lyndon Johnson , Congress and the Battle for the Great Society , " said he found himself puzzling over the paradox of he Obama ’s astute political intelligence on the one hand , and his lack of attention to the he side of politics on the other . " That ’s why having this conversation after Trump makes a difference , " he said . " You really he how not taking partisan political considerations seriously enough can cost the party and the country   —    if you ’re a Democrat   —    a huge amount . " At a group dinner on Friday night at a nearby Italian restaurant , there was plenty of wine and gallows humor . Gary Gerstle , a professor at Mr. Gerstle proposed a theme for the group ’s next gathering : secession . There were comparisons to Brexit , and with Europe in the 1930s . " Except now , given what ’s happened in the United States , " Mr. Gerstle asked , " who ’s going to save the world this time ? " " Germany ! " someone shouted . Jonathan Zimmerman , a historian of education at the University of Pennsylvania , said he wondered if 200 years from now , the most striking thing about President Obama Jonathan Zimmerman, a historian of education at the University of Pennsylvania historians might not be that he was the first    president , but that he had a " different character President Obama most people who become president . " " President Obama usually elect people who are the kind of people who want other people to really like them , " he said . " But he does n’t seem to be that other people at all President Obama " Mr. Gerstle said President Obama hoped the first draft of the historians’ papers , all written under the shadow Mr. Gerstle a presumed Clinton victory , would be saved , to provide a lesson for future scholars about the contingency of history . " We ’re always teaching our students not to write Whiggish history , " he said . " But it We easy to get conscripted into telling the story Mr. Gerstle your nation , where you disregard the losers and champion the winners . " " Trump ’s election may end up being a turning point , and historians will want to tell the story as if it were destined to happen , " he continued . " But we were not the story crazy to think it would n’t Mr. Gerstle " 
 