There ’s a forgotten scene in the third season of " The Sopranos " when the wives of the show ’s mob crew , sitting inside a local Italian restaurant , turn to the delicate subject of Hillary Clinton , Monica Lewinsky , infidelity and marriage . It ’s 2001 and Hillary Clinton is headed to the Senate . The women assembled around the table , all of whom know their The women are unfaithful , are simultaneously disgusted by Mrs. Hillary Clinton in awe of her . Hillary Clinton I ca n’t stand that woman Hillary Clinton says Angie Bonpensiero . " I do n’t know , " says Rosalie Aprile . " Maybe we could all take a page from her book . Rosalie Aprile It ’s left to the boss ’s wife , Carmela Soprano to sort through her own messy Rosalie Aprile . She veers from Rosalie Aprile revulsion ( " to be humiliated in public then walk around smiling all the time " ) to grudging admiration for how a woman not unlike herself , overshadowed Rosalie Aprile a cheating spouse , has emerged as powerful , independent figure in her own right Rosalie Aprile " She ’s a Rosalie Aprile model for all of us , " Mrs. Soprano says Carmela Soprano thought , as the wives nod in agreement . In the latest episode of The    we examine a potent electoral force we rarely talk about when we talk about the campaign : pop culture . Both Mrs. Clinton and Donald J. Trump are    stars in their own right , Both Mrs. Clinton and Donald J. Trump have spawned   —    and inspired   —    television characters and shows from " The Apprentice " ( Mr. Trump ) to the " The Good Wife " ( Mrs. Clinton ) . We talk to the Both Mrs. Clinton and Donald J. Trump television critic at The New York Times , James Poniewozik , about how television and film characters past and present inform our views of both Both Mrs. Clinton and Donald J. Trump   —    or have been created in the candidates’ images . " They are both characters both candidates   pop culture , characters in mass media , whose stories we have literally been hearing for decades , " Mr. Poniewozik says of James Poniewozik . " Usually both candidates   election , there ’s some narrative of some new character you have n’t encountered before : Barack Obama in 2008 , George W. Bush in 2000 . Here , it ’s two    American television Barack Obama in 2008, George W. Bush in 2000 having a crossover episode . " So if this    campaign is a crossover television event , how would Mr. Poniewozik , as a James Poniewozik , review the show ? " I think the this   campaign is a crossover television event really taken it over the top . It ’s like this   campaign is a crossover television event ‘ Scandal’ in its this   campaign is a crossover television event season where you just feel that Scandal’ have exhausted every possible trick and they the writers emptying their notebooks at you . the writers Would you the writers to another season ? " I think I ’d like to see it recast . " And we chat with Susan Dominus , of The Times Magazine , about the surprising ways that gender is playing out in pop cultural depictions of Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton in this campaign , a topic she is studying closely this year . " Mrs. Clinton we are going to extend gender stereotypes all the way to their worst place , it ’s celebrity , we are going to extend gender   —    that reads as in some ways feminine and inconsequential or not perceived as a real threat , " Ms. Dominus says . And in that sense , Mr. Trump , in some ways , is the more feminized figure . " For all of his bluster , when was the last time Mr. Trump people were this obsessed with a candidate ’s hair ? " Ms. Dominus asks . " It was Hillary Ms. Dominus ! " From a desktop or laptop , you can listen by pressing play on the button above . Or if you ’re on a mobile device , the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series . On your iPhone or iPad : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Podcasts " your podcast app a purple icon . ( This link may help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Tap on the " search " the series icon at the bottom of the screen , type in " The   " and select it from the list of results . 3 . Subscribe your podcast app Once on the series page , tap on the " subscribe " button to have new episodes sent to your phone free . You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , tap on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection the series page be able to stream the episode . On your Android phone or tablet : 1 . a new episode podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Play Music " with an     your podcast app . ( This link may help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen , search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results . You may the series scroll down to the series the " Podcasts " search results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , click on the word " subscribe " to have new episodes sent to your phone free . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , click on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be the series page the episode . 
 