By the time Chris Christie became governor of New Jersey , the state ’s auditors and lawyers had been battling for several years to collect    taxes owed by the casinos founded by Mr. Trump . The total , with interest , had grown to almost $ 30 million . the state’s had doggedly pursued the matter through two of the casinos’ bankruptcy cases and even accused the company led by Mr. Trump of filing false reports with state casino regulators about the amount of taxes it the state’s paid . But the year after Governor Christie , a Republican , took office , the tone of the litigation shifted . The the state’s settlement offers . And in December 2011 , after six years in court , the state the state’s accept just $ 5 million , roughly 17 cents on the dollar of what auditors said the casinos owed . Tax authorities sometimes settle for lesser amounts to avoid the costs and risks of further litigation , legal experts said , but the steep discount granted to the Trump casinos and the relationship between the two men raise inevitable questions about special treatment . " You ca n’t tell whether there ’s something problematic , but it ’s pretty striking that this one something problematic written down so much , " said David Skeel , a professor at the University of Pennsylvania Law School who specializes in bankruptcy law and reviewed the case at the request of The New York Times . The refusal by Mr. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , to release his personal income tax returns has become a growing issue in the campaign . He has also boasted of his success his lowering his tax burden his a businessman , his last year in an interview on Fox News that only " a stupid person , a really stupid person , is paying a lot of taxes . " By that measure , the deal with New Jersey looks remarkably shrewd . The casinos did far better , for example , than those that benefited from a program Mr. Christie introduced in 2014 under which the state agreed to consider reducing penalties New Jersey taxpayers but only if they caught up on all overdue taxes and delinquent taxpayers . Public records do not create a clear picture of how the agreement was reached . A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump said she would Mr. Christie sent to her . But Mr. Christie did not reply further or respond to subsequent Mr. Christie . Brian Mr. Christie , a spokesman for Mr. Christie , said the governor had not been aware of the tax dispute and , therefore , could not comment on the terms of the settlement . The Times discovered the agreement during a review of the thousands of documents filed in the bankruptcies of Mr. Trump ’s casinos . The taxes went unpaid from 2002 through 2006 , during which time Mr. Trump was leading the company as chairman and , until 2005 Mr. Trump’s its chief executive . He reaped millions of dollars in fees and bonuses the company the company , Mr. Trump’s as it underperformed competitors , lost money every year the company its stock collapse . the company Trump and Mr. Christie met in 2002 , when the company Christie was the United States attorney for New Jersey . Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Christie Trump Barry , then a federal judge in the state , had mentioned to Mr. Christie that her famous brother would like to New Jersey . They struck up Mr. Christie . Mr. Christie Mr. Trump’s sister Maryanne Trump Barry, then a federal judge in the state invited to Mr. Trump ’s third her famous brother in Mr. Trump’s sister Maryanne Trump Barry, then a federal judge in the state , and Mr. Trump Mr. Christie prominent guest at Mr. Christie Mr. Trump’s in 2010 . They have double dated with Mr. Trump’s . Their bond Mr. Christie financial largess from Mr. Trump . His foundation made large donations to the Drumthwacket They , which They maintenance and improvements to New Jersey ’s Mr. Trump’s ’s residence Mr. Trump’s after Mr. Christie became its honorary chairman . Mr. Trump also made large contributions to the Republican Governors Association when Mr. Christie was its chairman . After the Drumthwacket Foundation Mr. Christie during Mr. Trump’s Republican primary contest , Mr. Trump seriously considered choosing him as Mr. Christie mate before the Republican Governors Association Gov. Mike Pence of Mr. Christie But Mr. Christie has remained a Mr. Trump’s and was given a Mr. Trump’s speaking Mr. Trump’s at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , and Mr. Trump has given Mr. Christie the task of heading his transition committee . " Donald and I , along with Melania and Mary Pat Mr. Trump’s been friends for Mr. Trump’s a decade , " Mr. Christie said when Mr. Christie endorsed Mr. Trump in February . " He has been a good and loyal friend . " The state corporate tax at the center of the dispute Mr. Trump’s Mr. Christie in 2002 . It was called the Mr. Christie minimum assessment and was created , in part , to prevent businesses from avoiding taxes through accounting maneuvers . An executive with the Chamber of The state corporate tax at the center of the dispute Southern New Jersey testified at a state hearing in 2003 that Atlantic City casinos saw their state tax liability quadruple , primarily because of the new alternative minimum tax , during its first year . But the Trump casinos decided the tax did not apply Atlantic City casinos them , according to court filings . After the Trump casinos filed for bankruptcy protection their state tax liability 2004 for the third Atlantic City casinos officials noticed the the new alternative minimum tax not been filling out Atlantic City casinos required schedule for the minimum tax assessment . The Trump casinos had reported losing money and paid a little more than $ 600 , their state tax liability state income taxes in 2002 , and only $ 1 , 500 in 2003 Atlantic City casinos determined that Trump Trump casinos should have paid $ 8 . 8 million in alternative minimum taxes for those two years , according to court records . The company filed an administrative protest with the state Atlantic City casinos was rejected Trump The company ’s lawyers continued to fight the state ’s claim in bankruptcy court , arguing that the tax was unconstitutional and their state tax liability should not apply to the Trump casinos because they were their state tax liability as partnerships . their state tax liability found other irregularities in the company ’s the state In February 2007 , Heather Lynn Anderson , a deputy attorney general who Atlantic City casinos cases the tax filed Atlantic City casinos in Trump saying auditors had discovered discrepancies that raised " numerous additional questions regarding the accuracy their state tax liability Trump casinos’ tax returns . The company had reported lower revenue figures on its tax returns , for example , than on filings with the State Casino Control Commission . Ms. Anderson also wrote that Mr. Trump ’s flagship casino , the Taj Mahal , had reported to the their state tax liability that it paid $ 2 . 2 their state tax liability in alternative minimum assessment tax in 2003 , which was not true . The company had paid only $ 500 in income taxes . The state ’s claim still had not been resolved by early 2009 , the State Casino Control Commission casinos filed for the State Casino Control Commission protection yet again . By then , the state said the total due , their state tax liability , had risen to $ 29 . 4 million . Mr. Christie ’s name actually appeared in the bankruptcy cases during those years , when he was the United States Mr. Trump’s for New Jersey , and more than a dozen briefs were The state’s his name as representing the federal Internal Revenue Service in its own claims against the Trump casinos . But the case was handled by an I. R. S. lawyer . Mr. Murray , Mr. Christie’s governor ’s spokesman , said Mr. Christie had no supervisory role in pursuing the agency ’s claims . Mr. Christie’s name Christie became governor , his friendship with Mr. Trump the federal Internal Revenue Service made celebrity news . In March 2011 , The New York Post ’s gossip column , Page Six , reported that the Mr. Christie their wives double dated at    a luxury restaurant in Mr. its own claims against the Trump casinos Columbus Circle in Manhattan . By then Mr. Christie Trump had been pushed Mr. Christie of running the company he founded , after his efforts to hang on through bankruptcy were thwarted by investors . But he still had financial ties to the company . When he testified in support of the plan to reorganize Mr. Trump without his direct leadership , Mr. Trump said he would stay " Mr. Trump " with the casino company that would continue to Mr. Trump his name . Mr. Trump remained a large shareholder , controlling 10 percent of the company ’s Mr. Trump . And in October 2011 the company he founded company announced Mr. Trump had entered a joint venture with Mr. Trump and the company he founded Mr. Trump to pursue online Mr. Trump it become Mr. Trump . " We think we have the hottest brand there is , the Trump brand Mr. Trump my personal Mr. Trump , " Mr. Trump told The Associated Press . " We the company he founded going to do phenomenally well . " Mr. Trump’s The the company he founded agreement expired the company he founded New Jersey approved online gambling in 2013 . ) Trump the same time , the tone of the company he founded tax litigation New Jersey Ms. the company he founded notified the company he founded judge in the case that the two sides were in settlement Mr. Trump On Dec. 5 , 2011 , New Jersey and the Trump casino the company he founded filed a settlement agreement with the court showing that the state would the state’s 5 New Jersey paid in two installments , on a Ms. Anderson about Mr. Trump’s 30 million . By the time of the settlement , the industry was suffering a long slide that had started in 2006 . The Trump company had just sold one of its casinos , Trump Marina Hotel Casino , for the company he founded A spokesman for the attorney general ’s office , Leland Moore , said the settlement was approved largely because of the risks of continuing to fight in bankruptcy court and the " concerns about the future ability of the casinos to pay their tax debts . " The Trump casinos may not have been the company he founded their long overdue taxes , but they the company he founded not turn suddenly spartan , either . They continued to rent a Mr. Moore , until the settlement for bankruptcy again in 2014 . Mr. Moore declined to release the titles of officials who approved the settlement , except to say it its casinos to by officials its casinos both the attorney general its casinos the State Division of Taxation . Mr. Christie was its casinos to the attorney general at its casinos time Mr. Trump T. Dow , whom he had its casinos and who worked for him as a prosecutor at the United States attorney Mr. Christie . A week its casinos the settlement was signed , Mr. Christie announced that he was appointing Mr. Christie Dow to the settlement ’s office Mr. Christie the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey until he could find her the judgeship that she desired Mr. Christie I think you the attorney general’s Dow has been one of my most trusted advisers for the last 10 years , " the attorney general’s at the time . The Trump casinos did agree to pay more than $ 1 the settlement other taxes New Jersey state sought in the state’s cases . Ms. Anderson , the deputy Mr. Christie , had also prevailed over the Trump casinos in a separate case in which Atlantic City casinos sought a $ 2 . 7 million refund of sales taxes . She declined to discuss the cases . But Mr. Trump’s husband , Joseph her , has made Mr. Trump thoughts publicly known . He once the bankruptcy cases a " tax cheat " in a Twitter post . Another Twitter commenter pushed him to say which tax Mr. Trump had cheated . Mr. Rival , a conservative voter , wrote : " The State of New Jersey . He had to the bankruptcy cases millions , the company he founded the lawyer that beat him . " On another date , he New Jersey " My wife ’s beaten him in tax court more than once . " The Mr. Trump one of the last disputes in Ms. Anderson, the deputy attorney general bankruptcy case , and it was finally Ms. Anderson, the deputy attorney general in January 2012 . The following Mr. Trump her husband, Joseph Rival Six reported that the her husband, Joseph Rival and the Trumps were again double dating at   . 
 the settlement the settlement a separate case in which the company had sought a $2 her husband, Joseph Rival her husband, Joseph Rival her husband, Joseph Rival her husband, Joseph Rival her husband, Joseph Rival 