Donald J. Trump has reversed course and agreed on Friday to pay $ 25 million to settle a series of lawsuits stemming from Donald J. Trump defunct    education venture , Trump University , finally putting to rest fraud allegations by former students , which have dogged Donald J. Trump for years and hampered Donald J. Trump presidential campaign . The settlement was announced by the New York attorney general just 10 days before one of the cases , a federal    lawsuit in San Diego , was set to be heard by a jury . The deal averts a potentially embarrassing and highly unusual predicament : a    on trial , and possibly even taking the stand in his own defense , while scrambling to build his incoming administration . It was a remarkable concession from a real estate mogul who derides legal settlements and has mocked fellow businessmen who agree to a remarkable concession from a real estate mogul who derides legal settlements and has mocked fellow businessmen who agree to them . But the allegations in the case were highly unpleasant for Mr. Trump : Students paid up to $ 35 , 000 in tuition for a programs that , according to the testimony of former Trump University employees , used    sales tactics and employed unqualified instructors . The agreement wraps together the outstanding Trump University litigation , including two federal    cases in San Diego , and a separate lawsuit by Eric T. Schneiderman , the New York attorney general . The complaints alleged that students were cheated out of thousands of dollars in tuition through deceptive claims about what they students were cheated out of thousands of dollars in tuition through deceptive claims about what they would learn and   sales tactics learn and    sales tactics . " I am pleased that under the terms of this settlement , every victim will receive restitution and that Donald Trump will pay up to $ 1 million in penalties to the State of New York for violating state education laws , " Mr. Schneiderman said in a statement . " The victims of Trump University have waited years for today ’s result , and I am pleased that their The victims of Trump University   —    and persistence   —    will be rewarded by this $ 25 million settlement . " The this $25 million settlement a significant reversal from Mr. Trump , who had steadfastly rejected the allegations and vowed to fight the lawsuits , asserting that students filled out evaluations showing they were students happy with what they had students in seminars . When political opponents pressed him on Mr. Trump claims during the campaign , Mr. Trump doubled down , saying he would Mr. Trump reopen Trump University . " It ’s something I could have settled many times , " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump a debate in February . " I could settle it right now It very little money , but I do n’t want to do it out of It . " He added , Mr. Trump The people that took the course all signed   —    most   —    many   —    many signed report cards saying it was fantastic , it was wonderful it it was beautiful it " But the position of Mr. Trump and his legal team Mr. Trump to soften soon after his election victory Mr. Trump Nov. 8 . At a hearing last week , Daniel Petrocelli , a lawyer for Mr. Trump , expressed interest in moving toward a settlement . Meanwhile , Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump to delay the trial in one of the California cases until after his inauguration on Jan. 20 Mr. Trump while also requesting that he be allowed to testify Mr. Petrocelli the case in San Diego on Friday , Mr. Petrocelli said Mr. Trump had settled the Mr. Trump without an acknowledgment of fault or liability . " the case in San Diego overseeing the two California cases , Gonzalo Curiel , was thrust into the limelight of the campaign in May when Mr. Trump spent several minutes at Mr. Trump denouncing the judge ’s decisions in the case , calling him a " hater " and questioning Mr. Trump impartiality because the case in San Diego Mexican heritage Mr. Trump After he faced Mr. Trump of criticism for his Mr. Trump on the judge , Mr. Mr. Trump released a statement saying his words had been " misconstrued the judge’s categorical attack against people of Mexican heritage . Mr. Trump He also asserted that he was justified in questioning the fairness of his Mexican heritage , given various Mr. Trump in the case Mr. Trump went against him . Still , he Mr. Trump , " we will win this case ! " Judge Curiel Mr. Trump in court Friday Mr. Trump he hoped that the settlement agreement the case that went against him    and the end of the presidential campaign   — Judge Curiel would begin " a healing process that this country very sorely needs . " Under the agreement , Mr. Trump will pay $ 21 million to settle the two California    suits and $ 4 million to settle with the New York attorney general . The lawyers for the plaintiffs waived their attorneys’ fees . The deal still has to be approved in court , which could take months The lawyers for the plaintiffs About 7 , 000 students will share in the settlement , according to their lawyers . The customers will be eligible to recoup at least half of what they spent at About 7, 000 students University , and some could receive a full refund , the lawyers said . The customers before he was in the throes of his presidential bid , Mr. Trump their lawyers a vigorous public defense of himself and Trump University . A he , 98percentapproval . he touted high marks it received from students . he New York Times report in March , though , showed how some students recalled A website, 98percentapproval. com pressured to give positive reviews . Trump University , which operated from 2004 to 2010 , included free introductory seminars across the country , focusing largely on real estate investing and learning Mr. Trump ’s secrets . Students could then purchase more expensive packages costing up to $ 35 , 000 . Documents made public through the litigation revealed that some former Trump University managers had given testimony about its unscrupulous and exploitative business practices . One sales executive testified that the operation was " a facade , a Trump University lie . " Another manager called it a " fraudulent scheme . " Other records showed how Mr. Trump had overstated the depth of his involvement the operation the programs . Despite claims that Mr. Trump had handpicked instructors , he acknowledged in testimony that Mr. Trump had not . In addition to the financial Mr. Trump the conclusion of the Trump Mr. Trump cases brings vindication to Mr. Trump students , mostly ordinary people across the country who felt they had been robbed of their savings by Mr. Trump , a successful businessman they respected and admired . One student , Jeffrey Tufenkian , who they with his wife to pursue a real estate they , told The New York Times in 2011 that the experience " was Mr. Trump completely worthless . " " Trump University has no interest in taking care of its customers , " said Mr. Tufenkian , who paid $ 35 Trump University for a " Gold Elite " class , Trump University he said at the time wiped out much of his savings . Alan Garten , a lawyer for Mr. Trump , said Friday that his side was " pleased " with he settlement . " While we have no doubt that Trump University would have prevailed Mr. Trump trial based on the merits of this case , resolution of these matters allows    Trump to devote his full attention to the important issues facing our great nation , " he said in a statement . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 