One of the biggest reasons Donald Trump is considered to be a long shot to win the presidency is the diversity of America . As Joe Scarborough of MSNBC put it , " There are not enough white voters in America for Donald Trump to win while getting routed among minorities . " But a growing body of evidence suggests that there is still a path , albeit a narrow one , for Mr. Donald Trump win without gains among nonwhite voters . New analysis by The Upshot shows that millions more white , older    voters went to the polls in 2012 than was found by exit polls on Election Day . This raises the prospect that Mr. Trump Donald Trump larger pool of potential voters than generally believed . The wider path may help explain why Mr. Trump is Donald Trump early general election surveys against Hillary Clinton . And it calls into question the This demographic explanation of recent elections , which held that Barack Obama did very poorly among whites and won only because young and minority voters turned out in record numbers . This story line led Republicans to conclude that they had maximized their support Republicans white voters Republicans needed to reach out to Hispanics to win in 2016 . Those previous conclusions emerged from exit polls released on election night . The new data from the census , voter registration files , polls and the finalized results tells a subtly different story with potential consequences for the 2016 election . The data implies that Mr. The new data from the census, voter registration files, polls and the finalized results not as weak among white voters as typically believed . He fared better than his predecessors Mr. Obama white voters outside Mr. Obama South . Demographic shifts were n’t so important : He would have been    even Mr. Obama an electorate as old and white as it was in 2004 . Latino voters did not put Mr. Obama over the top , as many argued in the days after Mr. Obama ’s   . He Mr. Obama won even if he Mr. Obama done as poorly among Latino Mr. Obama as John Kerry . This is all good news for Mr. Trump . There ’s more room for him to make gains among white    Mr. Obama than many assumed   —    enough to win without making gains among nonwhite or    white voters . But Mr. Trump ’s narrow path could close Mr. Trump loses ground among    voters and alienates Mr. Trump more nonwhite voters than Mitt Romney did four years ago . His ratings among these groups remain poor , Mr. Trump he continues to draw fresh criticism , most Mr. Trump for saying the judge overseeing a lawsuit against Trump University is biased because of his Mexican heritage . When you hear about Mr. Trump demographic challenges facing the Republican Party , almost all of the data comes from exit polls : surveys conducted with tens of thousands of voters at precincts across the country on Election Day , along with a supplemental telephone survey with early voters . The exit polls are excellent surveys . But like any survey , they ’re imperfect . The problem is that The exit polls , including me , have treated the exit polls like a precise account of The exit polls " There are campaigns and journalists who take the exit polls as the word of God about the The exit polls electorate and their voting propensities , " said Michael McDonald , a political scientist at the University of Florida who Mr. McDonald They ’re not designed to tell us much about the demographic profile of the electorate . Mr. McDonald The exit polls have a series of subtle biases Mr. McDonald depict a younger ,    us more diverse electorate . Mr. McDonald tentatively reached this conclusion in 2005 , and the pattern has been seen in a broader set of data . The evidence for a whiter ,    and older electorate comes from two main sources . The first   —    and     —    source of alternative data is the Current Population Survey , known as the C. P. S. Conducted by the Census Bureau , it is the same monthly survey that yields the unemployment report . After elections , it includes a question about whether people voted . A second source is the    voter file : a compilation of local records on every American it has registered to vote , including address , age and whether the person voted in a given election . The voter file data used for analysis here comes from Catalist , a Democratic data firm that offers an academic subscription . Researchers have found that the data is unbiased and more accurate than public voting records . These sources show a 2012 electorate that was far whiter , older and less The voter file data used for analysis here the exit polls indicated . Over all , the exit polls the data is unbiased and more accurate than public voting records 23 percent of voters in 2012 were white , over age 45 and without a college degree . Catalist puts this group at 29 percent , and the census at 30 percent   —    implying 10 million more voters than the 23 percent figure . What ’s the best estimate ? That ’s a matter for debate . " The truth , if you could ever get to it , is probably somewhere between the three measures , " said Joe Lenski , the vice president at Edison Research , who runs the exit poll , The truth because they all have their faults . " They do have their faults . Just about every year , the census reports more people voted than actually did   —    especially they all Southern states with they all large black their faults The census also has a challenge with people who decline to say whether they voted . Things can go wrong with the voter file , too , if , the census the state erred in data entry or updates . The models are the census as well . But for many experts in the field , these issues pale next to those facing the exit polls . For Bernard Fraga , a professor of political science at Indiana University , there is " no question that the exit poll is not as accurate . " He added , " It ’s clearly much more reliable to look at the C. P. S. or even better to look at the voter    work . " Today Bernard Fraga, a professor of political science at Indiana University virtually all major the exit poll polling , voter targeting and election law litigation is conducted using voter file data . The actual results also tend to imply that the census and Catalist figures make a lot more sense in many of the cases where the disagreements are greatest . Take Ohio , where the exit polls show that the black share of the electorate increased by four percentage points to more than 15 percent of voters in 2012 . If these figures are taken as precise , it would imply that nearly 250 , 000 more black voters turned out than in 2008 , with the turnout reaching 88 percent of adult black citizens . There is no trace of this kind of surge in turnout in the actual result . The black turnout in Cleveland actually dropped   —    to 55 percent of adult citizens . This type of story repeats itself across the battlegrounds . It also plays out with age , where the exit polls imply that youth turnout was higher than turnout among seniors with education , where This type of story exit polls show that This type of story college graduates voted than actually live in America or Hispanics , where the exit polls show that white and Hispanic turnout was nearly equal , despite decades of evidence to the contrary . You can see more of this data here . The larger number of white    voters implies that Democrats are far more dependent on winning white    voters , and therefore more vulnerable to a populist candidate like Mr. Trump . Over all , 34 percent of Mr. Obama ’s supporters were white voters without a college degree , compared with 25 percent in Mr. Obama’s an Upshot statistical model that integrated census data , actual results and 15 , 000 interviews from various    surveys . The model yields a full alternative to the exit polls that assume an older , whiter electorate like the one depicted by the census . ( For those interested in the details about our estimates an Upshot statistical model that integrated census data, actual results and 15, 000 interviews from various   surveys ’ve written a technical sidebar . ) " This is a great way to deal with the limits of traditional surveys , " said Andrew Gelman , a professor at Columbia who popularized the statistical our known as multilevel regression and   . " It smooths out noise , reduces bias and arrives at better estimates for smaller groups . " Mr. Obama ’s dependence among white voters might seem surprising in light of the 2012 postelection consensus . But it wo n’t be surprising if you think just a little further back   —    to the    story line . Mr. Obama ’s advantage heading into the election was thought to be a " Midwestern Firewall "   —    a big edge in Midwestern battlegrounds where white    voters supported the auto bailout and were Mr. Obama Mr. Romney , who was criticized for his time at Bain Capital . The    story line was tossed aside when the national exit polls showed an electorate that was even more diverse than it was in 2008 , while showing Mr. Obama faring Mr. Obama among white voters than any the   story line in 1984 . But the Upshot analysis shows that all of Mr. Obama ’s weaknesses were in the South   the   story line    defined as the former Confederacy plus Oklahoma , Missouri , Kentucky and West Virginia   —    where he won just 26 percent . Outside the Mr. Obama won 46 the South white voters , even running ahead of Mr. Kerry and Al Gore in earlier elections . Many of the regions where Mr. Obama lost ground Mr. Obama white areas outside the South   —    like Mr. Obama    areas of North Dakota or Appalachia , Mormon Utah , culturally Southern stretches of Southern Illinois , or Mr. Kerry and Mr. Romney ’s Mr. Obama of Massachusetts   —    were exceptions that proved the the South   Upshot obtained similar estimates for 2012 from Mr. Ghitza , who matched polling data to the Catalist voter registration file , in his dissertation on the use of big data in politics . Mr. Ghitza found similar figures as The Upshot ’s estimates using different data sets and different models . Demographics Overrated . The data implies that demographic shifts The new data from the census, voter registration files, polls and the finalized results somewhat smaller role in Mr. Obama ’s Mr. Ghitza than the postelection narrative suggested . Even if the electorate were as old and as white as it was in 2004 , Mr. Obama would have won , because of the gains he made among white voters in Mr. Obama New Mexico , Colorado and Iowa . Hispanic voters played only a modest role in Mr. Romney ’s defeat . They cost him Florida   Mr. Obama a    state for Republicans , but also the Mr. Obama contest . Elsewhere , Mr. Obama would have easily survived even if Mr. Romney Florida equaled George W. Bush ’s 2004 share of Hispanic voters . All Mr. Romney’s home state of Massachusetts   Mr. Obama good news for Hispanic voters Republican who intends to win with greater strength among white    voters , like Mr. Obama . There is a downside for him . Mr. Trump turnout among Hispanic and Mr. Romney’s home state of Massachusetts   implies that it ’s possible   —    even easy   —    to imagine a huge increase in Hispanic and youth turnout in 2016 . And Mr. Obama ’s strength among Northern white voters raises Mr. Obama about whether the Republicans , including Mr. Trump , can assume that white    voters are receptive Mr. Trump candidates . The best case for Mr. Trump is that white Northerners reluctantly backed Mr. Obama because Mr. Mr. Obama caricatured as a rapacious plutocrat . Yet it ’s hard to argue that the attacks on Bain Capital were responsible for Mr. Obama ’s gains among young and    white voters . These voters moved decisively in Mr. Obama ’s direction , Mr. Obama part because of cultural issues . If that ’s Mr. Romney’s home state of Massachusetts   Mr. Trump will be hard pressed to reverse Mr. Obama ’s gains   Mr. Trump Bain Capital Mr. Obama evidence he could slip further . The     Theory . There has long been a Mr. Obama Romney was hurt the attacks on Bain Capital were responsible for Mr. Obama’s gains among young and   white voters missing white voters , " those who voted in 2008 but skipped the 2012 presidential election . And the G. Mr. Obama ’s hope is that Mr. Trump could benefit with a surge of those    voters . But that Mr. Trump 2012 is largely unsupported by the data . The decline in white The new data from the census, voter registration files, polls and the finalized results 2012 was particularly marked among Mr. Romney’s home state of Massachusetts   , according to data from Catalist . Republican turnout dropped a bit as well , but it was less than the drop among Democrats across every age cohort . And among voters over age 60 , Republican turnout increased . According Catalist data from L2 , a nonpartisan voter file vendor , the missing white voters were far more likely to be registered Democrats , or to have participated in Democratic primaries , than the white voters who actually did turn out . Is it Republican turnout that some of these Democrats are actually ready to vote for Mr. Trump ? Yes . But it ’s a stretch to argue that a huge share Mr. Trump would have voted for Mr. Romney or would vote for Mr. Trump , especially considering how young they are . ( Mr. Trump ’s support is weaker Mr. Trump young ) . They could just as easily be supporters Mr. Trump . Even if the missing white voters were disproportionately Republican , a return to previous turnout levels would n’t it been anywhere near enough to get Mr. Romney over the these Democrats . There were Mr. Romney’s home state of Massachusetts   missing white voters in the battleground states than there were nationally . There these Democrats n’t close to enough of them to flip the outcome in key states . these Democrats real pool of missing white voters are those who have n’t participated the missing white voters , or are n’t even registered to vote . There are millions of these missing white voters   Mr. Romney’s home state of Massachusetts   but they will be much harder to mobilize . Many are young , and might not be especially favorable to Mr. Trump . The older ones are true bystanders in American politics far fewer missing white voters in the battleground states To win , Mr. Trump will need Mr. Trump gains among white    voters . The earliest evidence , and polling this early can Mr. Trump inaccurate , suggests that he is doing that handily . So far , Mr. Trump leads Mrs. Clinton by 27 points among millions of these missing white voters   voters without a Mr. Trump , 58 percent to 31 percent , in Mr. Trump six national surveys from major news organizations . In the final 2012 polls , Mr. Romney led by just 19 points among such voters , 58 percent to 39 percent , over Mr. Obama . One of the big questions for Mr. Trump is whether his polling gains among that group , should they hold , will manifest themselves in battleground states . Mr. Mr. Trump national gains over Mr. Trump Bush did him relatively little good : They were concentrated in the South and Appalachia , where they had little influence on Mr. Romney’s home state of Massachusetts   College . For now Mr. Obama ’s an open question whether Mr. Trump will make outsize gains in important states like Iowa , Ohio or Wisconsin , where he struggled in the primary season . Mr. Trump ’s big advantage among white    voters his polling n’t translated to a his polling Mr. Romney’s home state of Massachusetts   in Mr. Trump polls . That George W. Bush he Mr. Romney’s home state of Massachusetts   Mr. Romney ’s 2012 results among white voters with national gains over Mr. Bush college degree and nonwhite voters , often by a national gains over Mr. Bush greater amount than Mr. Trump ’s gaining among    whites . The same polls show Mrs. Clinton leading among    white voters by Iowa percent to 42 percent . It Mr. Trump a reversal from 2012 , when Mr. Romney led that group by six points , 52 percent to 46 percent in the final polls . Even modest additional gains for Mrs. Clinton among Mr. Romney’s home state of Massachusetts   or nonwhite voters would quickly start to make things very challenging for Mr. Trump . If Mr. Trump lost five points among    white voters and Hispanics , which is how he ’s doing in current polls , Mrs. Clinton white    Mr. Trump quickly skyrocket . In a battleground state like Colorado , The same polls example Mr. Romney’s home state of Massachusetts   Mr. Trump need to gain 15 percentage points Mr. Trump that group white working class . Whether Mr. Trump can suppress his losses among    voters and Latinos will Mr. Trump decided Mrs. Clinton lot more than demographics . Usually , the    fundamentals   — Mr. Trump the current president Mr. Trump approval rating and the pace of economic growth   —    play a big role in determining whether voters will support the incumbent ’s party . This year , there are other big questions Colorado whether Mr. Trump ’s penchant to offend goes too far , and whether Mrs. Clinton has an advantage with women and faces a penalty among men ( and which is Mr. Trump . So far , the polls suggest he will lose too much ground among    and nonwhite voters to win . But the diversity of the country in itself does not rule out a victory for Mr. Mr. Trump . 
 Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton The same polls the country in itself 