MIAMI   —    Hillary Clinton debuted Hillary Clinton running mate , Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia , to boisterous and bilingual cheers here on Saturday , calling him a " progressive who likes to get things done " even as some liberal Democrats began making clear that some liberal Democrats were disappointed with Hillary Clinton choice . " I have to say , Senator Tim Kaine is everything that Donald Trump and Mike Pence are not , " Hillary Clinton said , drawing a quick contrast with the Republican ticket as she Hillary Clinton her Hillary Clinton No . 2 to the nation . Appearing comfortable in his Senator Tim Kaine role as Mrs. Hillary Clinton top cheerleader and weapon against Mr. Trump Donald Trump Kaine Senator Tim Kaine to the microphone , then slipped easily between English and Spanish as he animated the Senator Tim Kaine Latino audience by mixing political talk with homey reflections on his life . Senator Tim Kaine Fe , familia y trabajo , " he told the Senator Tim Kaine of more than 5 , 000 people at Florida International University , explaining that faith , family and work defined his life . Senator Tim Kaine as Mr. Kaine sought Senator Tim Kaine his language skills to Senator Tim Kaine to Hispanic voters , he and Mrs. Clinton Senator Tim Kaine also trying to mollify a growing backlash from the left against his record of support Senator Tim Kaine global trade deals , which many voters in Rust Belt states blame for the loss of American manufacturing jobs . Mr. Kaine was one of 13 Senate Democrats to vote in support of giving President Obama " fast track " authority on the    Partnership , the    pact that has become a lightning rod this election year . In a clear sign of concern that the issue could be damaging , aides to both Democrats signaled on Saturday that Mr. Kaine would soon publicly adopt Mrs. Clinton ’s current position on the deal and say that he no longer supported it Mr. Kaine its current form the deal After the deal the    Partnership as secretary of state , Mrs. Clinton said during the Mrs. Clinton’s race against Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont that the pact did not meet her " high bar " on Mrs. Clinton’s American workers . Progressive groups have offered mixed reviews of Mr. Kaine , with MoveOn . org Political Action saying it supports him in light of org Political Action " racist , bigoted " message coming from Mr. Trump . Democracy for America , a liberal group that backed Mr. Sanders , agreed with the    sentiment but said the selection of Mr. Kaine was not helpful to Mr. Kaine movement . " Kaine ’s support for    authority for Mr. Kaine Partnership and recent backing of bank deregulation will make our work more difficult , " said Charles Chamberlain , the executive director of Democracy for America . Liberals looking for a sign from Mr. Sanders himself did not immediately get one . Shortly after Mrs. Clinton offered Mr. Kaine a spot on the ticket , he called Mr. Sanders . But Mr. Sanders Mr. Kaine who Mr. Sanders himself Clinton only about two weeks ago , did Mrs. Clinton about her    selection or mention it on Twitter on Saturday Mrs. Clinton A spokesman said Mr. her   selection would most likely discuss the pick in Mr. Sanders himself on Sunday talk shows . Some supporters of Mr. Sanders himself Sanders on social media said the choice of Mr. Mr. Sanders himself more evidence that their " Bernie or Bust Mr. Sanders himself must continue . Others who were Some supporters of Mr. Sanders on social media to Mrs. Clinton , however , said they could live with her decision . " He is more than competent Others who were resigned to Mrs. Clinton the job , Mrs. Clinton said Steve Mr. Sanders himself , a delegate for Mr. Sanders from Pennsylvania . Larry Cohen , an adviser to the Sanders campaign and a former president of the Communications Workers of America , Mr. Sanders from Pennsylvania of Mr. Kaine , " People are minimizing the range of this man by putting him in some box I would argue he does Mr. Kaine . " Mrs. Mr. Kaine and Mr. Kaine sought to address Mr. Kaine complaints   . Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton issues and gun control in the aftermath of the Virginia Tech shooting that killed Mrs. Clinton people in 2007 , when Mr. Kaine was the governor . " Make no mistake , " Mrs. Clinton said Mr. Kaine Behind that smile , Tim also has a backbone of steel . Just ask the Mrs. Clinton A. " The rollout of Mr. Kaine ’s candidacy in Florida was no accident . The state is a crucial battleground Mr. Kaine Mrs. Clinton is moving to press her advantage with the state ’s Hispanic voters Florida of whom have been turned off Mrs. Clinton Trump ’s    immigration policies Mrs. Clinton Mr. Kaine , who took a year off from Harvard Law School to work with Jesuit missionaries in Honduras , wasted little time showing off his bilingualism , often thrusting his fist in the air and looking back and flashing a wide grin at Mrs. Clinton , who sat on a stool behind him his " Bienvenidos ! " he told those in the crowd , welcoming them in Spanish and declaring that he and Mrs. Clinton his be " compañeros de alma his this great lucha ahead , " Spanish those in the crowd mostly ) for " soul his in the fight ahead . " Mr. Kaine offered a folksy emotiveness that could ease concerns among Democrats that Mrs. Clinton appears too stilted and scripted at times . Mr. his who dislikes teleprompters , often veered off his prepared remarks , seeming Mrs. Clinton be under such a bright spotlight . Mrs. Clinton seemed to feed off the energy her new running his gave the crowd as he alternated between zingers about Mr. Trump and a bit Mrs. Clinton . " I ’ve never lost an Mrs. Clinton , " Mr. Kaine said . " I ’m not about to let that change . " Discussing how he weathers attacks from the National Rifle Association his groups , he said , " That ’s just like an extra cup of coffee to his , folks . " David Axelrod , a former chief strategist his Mr. Obama , criticized Mrs. Clinton ’s delivery , writing on Twitter that his someone , at long last , needs to urge her to let the mic do the work ! " But he praised Mr. Kaine as " natural , engaging , connecting . " In an implicit contrast someone Mr. Trump ’s rollout of Mr. Pence , when he David Axelrod, a former chief strategist for Mr. Obama the microphone as his    candidate stood silently for much of the time , Mrs. Clinton perched on a stool , nodding and cheering , behind Mr. Trump Kaine as he spoke Mr. Trump about 40 minutes . During Mr. Kaine ’s speech , the Trump campaign sent out emails in rapid succession , citing his " " record Mr. Kaine Virginia , claiming he lacked any achievements Mr. Kaine deriding him as a career politician . After a search that began in April , Mr. Kaine Clinton ’s advisers hoped Mr. Kaine could Mr. Kaine her bridge the wide divide she faces Mr. Kaine male voters , who favor Mr. Trump by 13 percentage points , according to the latest New York Mr. Kaine poll . White Mrs. Clinton’s favor Mr. Trump by Mrs. Clinton’s percentage points . Mr. Kaine ’s positions on trade could also hurt the Democratic ticket in this regard . Part of Mr. Trump ’s appeal has been Mr. Trump , if unspecific , promise Mr. Kaine jobs back to economically depressed parts of the country , largely attributing the decline to the    Partnership Mr. Trump his own running Mr. Kaine also supported . " Tim Kaine has been praising the    Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved , " Mr. Trump posted on Twitter Mr. Kaine Saturday . " Job killer ! " Mr. Kaine , though , seemed to the   Partnership , criticizing Mr. Trump ’s business record and foreign the   Partnership positions Mr. Trump We ’ve seen again and again when Donald Trump says he has Donald Trump the fight Tim Kaine out , " he said . 
 Donald Trump Mr. Trump 