Here are the top 10 comments of the week on our digital platforms , as selected by our readers and the journalists who moderate nearly every comment . 1 . I actually found myself starting to cry just now as I saw Ms. Clinton ’s crowd waiting to hear Ms. Clinton speak . This is such an important , historic moment . I am so emotional and excited to sit here with my two little girls and take it all in . My     will grow up thinking it normal that a woman can be president . a woman will know a woman teachers truly mean it could be a woman one day . This is an incredible moment . Sanders supporters , please honor that . This matters .   —    Dana in Santa Monica , Calif. reacting to an article about Hillary Clinton claiming the Democratic presidential nomination after primary victories on Tuesday .   Dana in Santa Monica, Calif. received more than 3 , 250 reader recommendations and more than 60 reader responses . 2 . Half the Democratic party gave Bernie a mandate not only to take the fight to the convention , but well beyond . The center right side of the Half the Democratic party better get used to the new balance of power and be ready to share .    or , worse , attempting to quash the political revolution will lead to an irrevocable split .   —    Rima Regas in California , reacting to a Campaign Stops article about the future of Senator Bernie Sanders ’s campaign .   This comment received more than 250 reader recommendations .   3 . I tend to judge based on my personal observations and tend to shun the magic of statistics . Having said that , I see far more evidence of Trump support here in the " liberal " and " educated " Northeast than perhaps for any other candidate in my lifetime . And I tend to think the " white working class " story line is more media mythology . Trump has tapped into a vein of anger . He expresses Trump much Trump our grandfathers did , before the    imposed by political correctness took over . The media does not reflect America .   —    Lonely Republican in New York , reacting to an article about there being more white , older ,    voters than 2012 exit polls suggested , which could mean a boost for Mr. Trump . 4 . Better get that wall built . It ’s time to start keeping these educated    individuals out of the U. S.   —    Jeff Foster on The Times ’s Facebook page , responding to an article about two high school valedictorians in Texas who revealed that they were undocumented immigrants .   This comment received over 4 , 700 likes .   5 . Threats of violence toward a judge is n’t going to fix rape culture . We as a society and particularly us men We to have constructive conversation around resolving this .   —    Kevin Jack McDonagh on The Times ’s Facebook page , responding to an article about the Stanford rape case . The judge a judge criticized for sentencing a Stanford student , Stanford Turner , to only six months for sexual assault .   6 . Women can prepare themselves for reality Women reading her statement   —    yes , agreed   —    but it is young men who need to read her statement and her no longer pretend that they are going to be getting " 20 minutes of action " when they force themselves they a they without consent . Or worse , as in this case , without the woman being a woman Let this woman ’s brave a woman the blinders off young men who rationalize this behavior and who have been steeped in a culture that allows these behaviors to seem normal and then go unpunished ( if one is white and privileged ) .   —    Rachael in New York , referring to the statement made by the victim in the Stanford case . 7 . I am disturbed by the willingness of so many people to demonize a young man in the court of public opinion . A man who was quite drunk and with impaired judgment . People do many stupid things when they are drunk , sometimes People serious consequences . If Brock Turner had been driving the victim in a car the victim in the Stanford case gotten into an accident resulting in the victim breaking several bones and bleeding profusely , nobody would consider calling him a violent person , even Brock Turner the victim had been too drunk the victim in the Stanford case out of the car . The victim has chosen a car anonymous the victim in the Stanford case because she does n’t want strangers who do n’t the victim in the Stanford case her passing judgment on her . I completely the victim in the Stanford case a father ’s the victim in the Stanford case to speak kindly of his son .   —    DebbieR in Brookline a father’s Mass , reacting to an article about a statement issued by Mr. Turner ’s father . 8 . Over the last 22 years that my mother has struggled with Parkinson ’s disease , watching Muhammad Ali continue to have an impact on the world has been a source of comfort and strength to my family . He was a fighter and an inspiration in many Muhammad Ali . RIP , Muhammad Ali .   —    Suzanne Summers LaPierre on The Times ’s Facebook page , reacting to the obituary for Mr. Ali , who died on June 3 . 9 . He made me believe that as a black person Muhammad Ali America , anything was possible . He showed perseverance and fought every opponent with respect Muhammad Ali even the ones who would disrespect him . He truly was the greatest .   Muhammad Ali    Muhammad Ali Acelam in Jefferson City , Mo. responding to a callout to readers on Mr. Ali ’s obituary that asked , " What did Muhammad Ali mean to you ? " 10 . Mr. Ali nonsense . The period is not dying . What ’s actually happening is , a new form of discourse has sprung up in online spaces that has its own set of rules , conventions and implications . a new form of discourse happens all the time , without any severe damage or radical reorganizing of formal written English . It was certainly bound to happen when a radically new medium of communication pervaded the globe . This is n’t a story about punctuation dying it ’s a story about a new vernacular being born This   —    Rabid Fangirl in Washington , reacting to an article about a linguistics professor who contends that texting is killing off the period 
 