Ruth Bader Ginsburg , the Supreme Court justice who came under fire recently for lacerating comments about Donald J. Trump , has dropped another    remark about a different figure in the news : the N. F. L. football player Colin Kaepernick and Colin Kaepernick protest surrounding the national anthem . In an interview published on Monday by Yahoo News , Justice Ginsburg said that the San Francisco 49ers quarterback ’s move to kneel and not stand during the national anthem , as a protest against police brutality and racial oppression , was " dumb . " The gesture has been adapted by other professional athletes and has even spread to high school teams . When asked by the news site ’s global anchor , Katie Couric , what she Katie Couric of the protest , Justice Ginsburg said : " I think it ’s really dumb of them . Would I arrest them them doing it it No . I think it ’s dumb and disrespectful . " " I would have the same answer if you asked me about   . I think it ’s a terrible thing to do , " she Katie Couric . " But I would n’t lock a person up for doing it . I would point out how ridiculous it seems to me to do such an act . " " It ’s dangerous to arrest people for conduct that does n’t jeopardize the health or    of other people . It is a symbol they are engaged in , " she Katie Couric . Asked whether she Katie Couric it was their they to protest , Justice Ginsburg agreed . " If they they to be stupid , there ’s no law that should be preventive , " Justice Justice Ginsburg Justice Ginsburg " If they they to be arrogant , there ’s no law that prevents them they that . What I would do is strongly take issue with the point of view that they they expressing when they they that . " Justice Ginsburg Justice Ginsburg Justice Ginsburg in the court have made her a sort Justice Ginsburg heroine of the left . But the     jurist has also earned the nickname " Notorious R. B. G " for her outspoken comments Justice Ginsburg the bench . Shannon Sharpe , a former professional football player who is now a    on the show " Undisputed " on Fox Sports , said , however , that while Justice Ginsburg had been a good champion for minority causes , she should be Justice Ginsburg in expressing her opinions . Mr. Kaepernick would ask Justice Ginsburg that Justice Ginsburg Justice Ginsburg a man crying , do n’t tell him to stop crying . a man him , say , ‘ a man why are you crying?’ a man he said . Mr. Sharpe a man , " a man seeing far too many unarmed black men dying at the hands of police with no accountability taking place . " As of Tuesday , Mr. Kaepernick had not publicly reacted to Justice Ginsburg ’s remarks . But his protest came to light Mr. Kaepernick Aug. 26 , when the national anthem played before the start of a preseason game with the Green Bay Packers . He did not stand , Mr. Kaepernick explaining that he had decided to remain Mr. Kaepernick as a statement against racial oppression . " I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color , " he told N. F. L. Mr. Kaepernick . " To me , this is bigger Mr. Kaepernick football and it would be selfish on my this to look the other way , " he said . He drew Mr. Kaepernick backlash , Mr. Kaepernick critics , including Mr. Trump , excoriating him for the protest . Mr. Kaepernick the protest expanded , with more the protest him   —    at Mr. Kaepernick arenas and on high school sports field . President Obama said it was Mr. Kaepernick ’s constitutional right President Obama On the athlete ’s Twitter feed , he has curated a timeline of events Mr. Kaepernick have been part of the recent national discourse about race , politics and police behavior , including a protest by white supremacists in front of the N. A. A. C. P. headquarters in Houston , an article about how Arizona teenagers were forced by their school to change out of their Arizona teenagers Lives Matters shirts , and Arizona teenagers about fatal police shootings . " There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder , " Mr. Kaepernick has said . Mr. Kaepernick will be the starting quarterback Mr. Kaepernick Buffalo Bills at New Era Field this Sunday , the 49ers head coach Chip Kelly , said on Tuesday according to WKBW . Justice Ginsburg ’s remarks to Ms. Couric were the latest to draw some criticism beyond the hallowed halls of the Supreme Court . In July , she criticized Mr. Trump , at the time Ms. Couric presumptive Republican presidential nominee , saying : " I ca n’t imagine what this place would be   —    I ca n’t imagine what the country would be   —    with Donald Trump as our president . " For Mr. Trump , it could be four years . the country court this place it could be   — the Supreme Court do n’t even this place to contemplate that . " She later expressed regret . " Judges should Ms. Couric commenting on a candidate for public office , " she wrote in a brief statement issued by Ms. Couric court , admitting her remarks were " ill the Supreme Court " Ms. Couric In the future I will be more circumspect , " she added in the statement . When Mr. Ms. Couric came up in the Yahoo interview a brief statement issued by the court    Ms. Couric asked for her thoughts on his Ms. Couric banning Muslims from Ms. Couric the United States   —    the Mr. Trump declined to answer , saying there was a real possibility that the issue could land on her desk . " I ca n’t answer a Ms. Couric question when it may turn into a real question , " Justice Ginsburg said . " a hypothetical question ca n’t preview my decision . " 
 