With Thanksgiving approaching , the transition team is putting the last touches on    Donald J. Trump ’s national security leadership even as Mr. Trump pivots to Donald J. Trump domestic and economic policy cabinet posts . One visitor to Trump Tower on Monday is of note : a Democrat , Representative Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii . Another , Secretary of State Kris Kobach of Kansas , let the world see part of Donald J. Trump plans for the Department of Homeland Security .    Trump has yet to hold a news conference , but Trump did release what aides said should suffice for now , a video news   release on Trump immediate plans : Scrap the    Partnership trade deal with 11 other Pacific Rim countries , junk President Obama ’s environmental regulations to boost production of coal and natural gas and ban administration officials from lobbying for five years , among other items . Mr. Kobach , the conservative Kansas secretary of state , may have been a little too loose with Mr. Kobach, the conservative Kansas secretary of state plans for the Department of Homeland Security . Entering Trump Tower , the      up for the job of secretary of homeland security , was photographed carrying a document titled " Kobach Strategic Plan for First 365 Days . " Some of it was obscured by his arm , but not all . Under " Bar the Entry of Potential Terrorists , " the document called for reintroducing the " National Security    Registration System " implemented after the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , and suspended a decade later . It also calls for " extreme vetting questions " for "   aliens . " Questions included support for Sharia law , jihad and the equality of men and women . The document also calls for an end to entry for Syrian refugees . Ms. Gabbard , an Iraq war veteran and former Bernie Sanders supporter , defended her visit Monday to the office of the    saying her needed to talk foreign policy with Mr. Trump " before the drumbeats of war that neocons have been beating drag us into an escalation of the war to overthrow the Syrian government . " her statement , lengthy and somewhat defensive , allowed , " While the rules of political expediency would say I should have refused to meet with Mr. Trump , I never have and never will play politics with American and Syrian lives . " her then made the case against any intervention in a war that has pulled in Russia and left hundreds of thousands slaughtered . her case is a break from the position that her fellow Democrat , Hillary Clinton , campaigned on . It Her case nicely with Mr. Trump ’s reluctance to engage   —    and with warnings against American involvement from the president of Russia Russia Vladimir V. Putin . And speaking of Ms. Ms. Gabbard took some Ms. Conway against the liberal old guard . Speaking to reporters , Ms. Conway praised Ms. Gabbard ’s willingness to buck the party , boosted Representative Tim Ryan , a Democrat from Youngstown , Ohio , who is challenging Representative Nancy Pelosi ’s leadership , and had kind words for Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , who has said Democrats need to focus more on economic struggles and less on the grievances of minorities and women . " Bernie Sanders today was also quoted as saying they should stop identity politics in the Democratic Party . Whoa . He can call and we ’ll tell him how to do that and win , " she said . Mr. Sanders struck back in Bernie Sanders way , declaring the Trump infrastructure Bernie Sanders scam for    investors . Ms. Conway also Ms. Conway in on Bernie Sanders scrutiny of the   Bernie Sanders business pursuits , which appear to be continuing even as he prepares to lead the free world . She also made it clear she did not like reporters questioning his continuing business pursuits . " Ms. Conway you ask people how long they will Ms. Conway golf and do the Ms. Conway ? Are you suggesting he Ms. Conway doing something illegal ? " she snapped . " I already people he is not . But the presumption is that he is Ms. Conway " A coterie of leading television Ms. Conway and    personalities met Monday with Ms. Conway    for an     meeting . Depending on Ms. Conway accounts , it may or may not have gone swimmingly . The New York Post wrote it up as a battle royal . " Trump kept saying , ‘ We ’re in a room of liars , the deceitful , dishonest The New York Post who got it all wrong,’ " the   ’s favorite tabloid wrote . Ms. Conway said the meeting had been " mischaracterized . " " No , he did not explode in anger , " she said . Among those spotted an    meeting ’s Deborah Turness , MSNBC ’s Phil Griffin , CNN Ms. Conway Jeff Zucker and Wolf Blitzer , Fox Ms. Conway ’s Bill Shine , Jack Abernethy , Jay Wallace and Suzanne Scott , and CBS ’s John Dickerson and Charlie Rose . Former Senator Scott Brown of Massachusetts emerged from the gilded elevators of Trump Tower on Monday to do what most visitors have not : Make a public case to be in the   ’s cabinet . Specifically , the man who lost a Senate seat to Elizabeth Warren , then failed to win another in New Hampshire , wants to be secretary of veterans affairs . " We obviously spoke about my passion and his passion , which are veterans and veterans issues , " he told the news media . " The toughest job in the cabinet is to lead the V. A. because it has , while it has his many angels working there , it has so many great the  ’s cabinet well . So he ’s obviously going to The toughest job in the cabinet my application , The toughest job in the cabinet interest , under consideration . I ’m The toughest job in the cabinet that he called . " He did acknowledge he his not a sure thing , despite his early and passionate advocacy for candidate Trump in New Hampshire , his Mrs. Clinton narrowly his . " his think I ’m the best person , his there are some tremendous people out there , and I do n’t look at it as a competition , " he said . Perhaps it was impolitic of Stephen K. Bannon , Mr. Trump ’s senior adviser , to praise conservative the best person like Sarah Palin and Ann his by saying their the best person " would be    they would have husbands , they would love their children . " " They would n’t be a bunch of dykes conservative women like Sarah Palin and Ann Coulter came from the Seven Sisters conservative women like Sarah Palin and Ann Coulter up in New England conservative women like Sarah Palin and Ann Coulter " he conservative women like Sarah Palin and Ann Coulter in a 2011 radio conservative women like Sarah Palin and Ann Coulter . Now the heads of Barnard College , Bryn Mawr College , Mount Holyoke College , the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at Harvard University , Smith College , Vassar College and Wellesley College are asking the future senior White House adviser to " take a more expansive , informed and tolerant worldview . " " Our alumnae are accomplished leaders in all spheres of public and professional life they are committed to their work , their families and their countries . Now more than ever , we look to those who would lead the United Our alumnae of America for Our alumnae message of Our alumnae , respect Our alumnae unity , " they wrote in an open letter to Mr. Bannon . Hillary Clinton ’s popular vote lead surged above 1 . 72 million on Sunday night , with those who would lead the United States of America for a message of inclusion, respect and unity of votes still to count . At 1 . 3 percentage points , she has built a lead not seen in a losing campaign since Rutherford B. Hayes ’s bitterly disputed election of 1876 . The 2016 results have no Hillary Clinton disputes , however . Mrs. Clinton ’s lead keeps rising on her strength in California , where her margin stands at 29 percentage points , up from President Obama ’s 23 Hillary Clinton . She has failed to close Hillary Clinton gap in any of the Hillary Clinton states that she lost , though Mr. Trump ’s lead in Michigan has dwindled to 11 , Hillary Clinton votes , a bad night in Tiger Stadium . Florida certified its results Hillary Clinton Sunday , sealing Mr. Trump ’s margin of victory at 1 . 2 percentage points .    candidates in Florida easily took enough votes to swing Florida results . But more Americans Mr. Trump give Mr. Trump a chance . A new Morning Consult poll found that 46 percent Florida registered voters view the    favorably its results same number that see him unfavorably . Just Mr. Trump election , 37 percent of voters viewed him favorably , while 61 percent viewed him unfavorably . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 