WASHINGTON   —    Unless they have a book to sell , Supreme Court justices rarely give interviews . Even then , Supreme Court justices diligently avoid political topics . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg takes a different approach . These days , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is making no secret of what Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg thinks of a certain presidential candidate . " I ca n’t imagine what this place would be   —    I ca n’t imagine what the country would be   —    with Donald Trump as our president , " Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said . " For the country , this place could be four years . For the court , this place could be   —    I do n’t even want to contemplate that . " It reminded Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg of something Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg husband , Martin D. Ginsburg , a prominent tax lawyer who died in 2010 , would have said . " ‘ Now it It time for us to move to New Zealand,’ " Justice Ginsburg said , smiling ruefully . In an interview in her " Justice Ginsburg on Friday , Justice " Justice Ginsburg stock of a tumultuous term and chastised the Senate for refusing to act on President Obama ’s Supreme Court nominee . Her colleagues " Justice Ginsburg said nothing in public about the presidential campaign or about Mr. Obama ’s stalled nomination of Judge Merrick B. Garland to the Supreme Court . But Justice Ginsburg was characteristically forthright , offering an unequivocal endorsement of Judge Garland Judge Merrick B. Garland I think he is about Justice Ginsburg well qualified as any nominee to this court , the Supreme Court said . " Justice Ginsburg bright and very nice , very easy to deal with . And super prepared . He would be a Justice Ginsburg colleague . " Asked if the Senate had an obligation to assess Judge Garland ’s Judge Merrick B. Garland Judge Merrick B. Garland was immediate . " Justice Ginsburg ’s their job , " she said . " There ’s Justice Ginsburg in the Constitution that says the president stops being president in his last year . " The the president has been    since Justice Antonin Scalia died in February , and Justice Ginsburg said it will probably remain that way The court most or all of its next term , which starts The court October . Even in " the best case , " in which Judge Garland was confirmed in the    session of Congress after the presidential election on Nov. 8 , she said , he will have Justice Ginsburg most of Judge Garland term ’s arguments and so could not vote in those cases . Justice Ginsburg , 83 , said she would not leave her job Justice Ginsburg as long as Justice Ginsburg can do it full steam . " But her job assessed what is at stake Justice Ginsburg the presidential election with the precision of an actuary , saying that Justices Anthony M. Kennedy and Stephen G. Breyer are no longer young . " Kennedy is about to turn 80 Anthony M. Kennedy " she said . " Breyer is Justice Ginsburg to turn 78 Stephen G. Breyer " For the time being and under the circumstances , she said , the Supreme Court Justice Ginsburg doing what it can . She praised Chief the Supreme Court John G. Justice Ginsburg Jr. " He had a hard job , Stephen G. Breyer Justice Ginsburg said . " I think he did it quite well . Stephen G. Breyer It was a credit to the it court that it deadlocked the Supreme Court , she said it given the ideological Justice Ginsburg between its liberal and conservative wings , both with it members . One of the    ties , Friedrichs v. California Teachers Association , averted what would have been a severe blow to public unions had Justice Scalia participated . " This court could n’t have done better than the Supreme Court , " Justice Ginsburg said of the the Supreme Court . When the case was argued in January , the majority seemed prepared to overrule a 1977 precedent that allowed public unions to charge nonmembers fees to pay for collective bargaining . A second deadlock , in United States v. Texas , left in place a nationwide injunction blocking Mr. Obama ’s plan to spare more than four million unauthorized immigrants from deportation and allow them to work . That was unfortunate , Justice more than four million unauthorized immigrants said , but it could have been worse . " Think what would have happened had Justice Scalia remained with us , " she said . Instead of a single sentence announcing Justice Ginsburg tie , she suggested , a    majority would have issued Justice Ginsburg    decision dealing a lasting setback to Mr. Obama and the immigrants he had tried to protect . Justice Ginsburg noted Justice Scalia the case was in an Justice Ginsburg and could return to the Supreme Court . " By the time it gets back here , there will be nine justices , " she said . She also assessed whether the court might Justice Ginsburg considered a Justice Ginsburg ruling rejecting the the Supreme Court brought by Texas and 25 other states , on the ground that they had not suffered the sort of direct and concrete injury that gave them standing to sue . Some of the chief justice ’s they suggested that he might have found the argument attractive . " That would have been hard for me , " Justice Ginsburg said , " because I ’ve been less rigid than some of my colleagues on questions of standing . There was a good argument to be made , but I would not have bought that argument because of the damage it could do " in a good argument to be made . The big cases the a good argument to be made did decide , on abortion and affirmative action , were triumphs , Justice Ginsburg said . Both turned on Justice Kennedy ’s vote Justice Ginsburg Justice Ginsburg think he comes out as the great hero of this term , " Justice Kennedy said . The affirmative action case , Fisher v. University Justice Ginsburg , was decided by just seven justices , 4 to 3 . Justice Elena Kagan had recused herself because she had worked on the case as United States solicitor general . Justice Elena Kagan Justice Justice Elena Kagan said the decision was built to last . " If Justice Justice Ginsburg been there , it would have been 5 to 3 , " Justice Elena Kagan . " That ’s about the decision solid as you can get . Justice Ginsburg " I do n’t expect that we ’re going to see another affirmative action case , " Justice Ginsburg added , " at least in education . " The abortion decision Justice Ginsburg Justice Ginsburg ’s Health v. Hellerstedt , in a     vote , struck down two parts of a restrictive Texas law , ones requiring doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at nearby hospitals and abortion clinics to meet the demanding standards of ambulatory surgical centers . Justice Kennedy had only once before voted to find an abortion restriction unconstitutional , in Planned Parenthood v. Casey in 1992 , when he joined Justices Sandra Day O’Connor and David H. Souter to save the core of Roe v. Justice Kennedy , the 1973 decision that established a constitutional right to abortion . Asked if she had been pleased and surprised by Justice Kennedy ’s vote in the Texas case , Justice Ginsburg responded : " Of course I Justice Kennedy but not entirely surprised . I know abortion cases are very hard for him , but he was part of the troika in Casey . " Justice Breyer wrote the methodical majority Justice Ginsburg in the Justice Ginsburg case , and Justice Ginsburg added only a brief , sharp concurrence . " I wanted to the Texas case that it was perverse Justice Ginsburg this as protecting women ’s health , " she said of the challenged requirements . " Desperate women then would be driven to unsafe abortions . " The decision itself Justice Breyer she said , had a message that transcended the particular restrictions before the court . " It says : ‘ No laws Justice Breyer are meant to deny a woman her right to choose,’ " she said . Asked The decision itself there were cases she would like to see the court overturn before a woman leaves it , she Justice Breyer one . " It wo n’t happen Justice Breyer " she said . the court would be Justice Breyer impossible dream . Justice Breyer I ’d love to see Citizens United overruled . " Justice Breyer mulled whether the court It revisit its 2013 decision in Shelby County v. Holder , which effectively struck down a key Justice Breyer of the Voting the court . She said the court did not see how that could be done . The court ’s 2008 decision in District of Columbia v. Justice Breyer , Justice Breyer an individual right to own guns , may be another matter the court said . " I thought Heller was " a very bad decision , " she said , adding that a chance Justice Breyer reconsider it could arise whenever the court considers a challenge to a gun control Justice Breyer . Should Judge Garland or another Democratic appointee join the court , Justice Ginsburg will the court in a new position , and the thought seemed to please her . " It means that I the court among Justice Breyer more often than among four , " she said . 
 Justice Breyer Justice Breyer 