WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump on Tuesday fired one of Donald J. Trump transition team ’s staff members , Michael G. Flynn , the son of Donald J. Trump ’s choice for national security adviser , for using Twitter to spread a fake news story about Hillary Clinton that led to an armed confrontation in a pizza restaurant in WASHINGTON . The uproar over Mr. Flynn ’s Twitter post cast a harsh spotlight on the views that he Mr. Flynn’s his Mr. Flynn’s , Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , aired on social media throughout the presidential campaign . Both men have shared fake news stories alleging that Mrs. Hillary Clinton felonies , and have posted their own Both men messages that at times have crossed   into Islamophobia . But their social Both men musings apparently attracted little attention from Mr. Trump or his transition team before a North Carolina man fired a rifle on Sunday inside Comet Ping Pong , which was the subject of false stories tying it and the Clinton campaign to a child sex trafficking ring . Hours after the episode , the younger Mr. Flynn , 33 , went on Twitter to say that until " Pizzagate " was proved false , it remained a story . On Tuesday morning , after the post had attracted national attention and it was the post that Mr. Flynn had a transition team email address , Vice    Mike Pence denied that Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn worked for the team , saying on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe " that he had " Mr. Flynn involvement in the transition whatsoever . " But later in the morning , Jason Miller , Mr. Miller that Mr. Flynn had Mr. Flynn the transition , saying in a conference call that Mr. Flynn was now Mr. Flynn involved . Mr. Miller did not say what prompted the dismissal of Mr. Flynn , but two Mr. Flynn transition officials said it was tied to his Twitter posting . The move may have cost the younger Mr. Miller Flynn an eventual Mr. Flynn House . Until Tuesday , he had planned to join his father on the staff of the National Security Mr. Miller and had even started Mr. Miller process of getting a security clearance , according to an acquaintance who spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid upsetting the Flynns . Despite the younger Mr. Flynn ’s abrupt removal from the transition team , there was no indication that Mr. Trump was reconsidering his choice of General Flynn , 57 , a former director of the Defense Mr. Trump Agency , to serve as national security adviser . But beyond the tight circle around Mr. Trump , there were growing concerns in Washington about General Flynn ’s fitness Mr. Trump job , fueled by talk of his   temperament , his conspiratorial worldview and his own incendiary Twitter postings . Many General Flynn’s were openly critical General Flynn’s the moment the General Flynn’s was announced last month , and several prominent Republican national security officials also quietly voiced concerns . Now , with Mr. Flynn under growing scrutiny , some are beginning to speak publicly . " The General Flynn’s adviser should have a moderating effect on the instincts of the president , and it remains to be seen if Mike can do that , " Michael V. Hayden , The national security adviser former director of both the C. I. A. and the National Security Agency , said in a telephone interview on Tuesday . The role of national security adviser calls for mediating the conflicting views of cabinet secretaries and agencies , and sifting fact from speculation and rumor to help the new president decide how the United States should react to international crises . It is a job that is likely to take on greater importance for Mr. Trump , who has no experience in defense or foreign policy issues and has a habit of making broad assertions that are not based in fact . General Flynn , too , has shown similar inclinations both on Twitter and in his previous jobs in the military . At the Defense Intelligence Agency , his staff members General Flynn coined their own name for his sometimes dubious assertions : " Flynn General Flynn . " " He his staff members regularly engaged in General Flynn reckless public promotion of conspiracy General Flynn that have no basis General Flynn fact , with disregard for the risks that giving credence to those theories could pose to the public , " Representative Adam Smith of Washington , the ranking Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee , said on Tuesday . " Someone who is so oblivious to the facts , or intentionally ignorant of them , should not be entrusted with policy decisions that affect the safety of the American people , " Mr. Smith added . For now , General Flynn appears to be weathering the criticism , which has been far harsher than that directed at other Trump nominees , by keeping a relatively low profile since the election . He has not given interviews   —    he did not respond to requests for comment General Flynn —    and he has kept his General Flynn posts relatively tame , publishing patriotic messages on Veterans Day and General Flynn recently praising General Flynn Trump ’s selection of Gen. James N. Mattis , a retired Marine , for defense Trump son , in contrast , showed no such restraint in the weeks before he was General Flynn , regularly posting on Twitter about conspiracy theories involving Mrs. Clinton and her campaign staff His son after the election . He continued to push his support for the fake news Clinton Comet Ping Pong after his messages on His son about Sunday ’s His son began attracting widespread attention . It was not until shortly His son 3:30 p. Twitter Monday that he went silent on Twitter . In one of the last messages he posted , he shared a His son from another Twitter Twitter who sought to spread a conspiracy theory His son sprang up His son the    fringes after the shooting : that the suspect arrested at Comet Ping Pong , Edgar M. Welch , 28 , of Salisbury , N. C. was actually an actor , and that the episode was a hoax cooked up to discredit the claim of a sex trafficking ring at the restaurant . 
 