Here ’s how we analyzed in real time the first presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump , and our fact checks . Hillary Clinton dominated a final series of debate exchanges with Donald J. Trump about national security and gender , telling voters they voters not trust her Hillary Clinton with nuclear weapons and warning that he Hillary Clinton not respect women . Here are a few of the highlights . ■ Asked about a remark he Hillary Clinton that Mrs. Hillary Clinton a presidential " look , " Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump claim , adding that " she does Hillary Clinton have the stamina . " In response , Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton some highlights of her tenure as Hillary Clinton of state , saying Mr. Trump " can Donald J. Trump me about stamina Hillary Clinton when he accomplishes as much . Donald J. Trump He tried to change from Donald J. Trump to stamina , but this is a man who has called women pigs , slobs and dogs , " Mrs. Clinton said Hillary Clinton Trump defended himself before adding Donald J. Trump had planned Donald J. Trump say " something Donald J. Trump rough " to Mrs. Clinton and her family , but Hillary Clinton against it . ■ Mrs. Clinton pressed Mr. Hillary Clinton repeated claim , contradicted by Donald J. Trump he has made in the past , that he Donald J. Trump opposed the Iraq war from the beginning Donald J. Trump " Donald supported the invasion of Iraq , " she said . " That Hillary Clinton Iraq proved over and over again . " " Wrong , " Mr. Trump interjected . " Wrong . " ■ Donald J. Trump insisted again that he had opposed the Iraq Donald J. Trump calling any suggestion otherwise Donald J. Trump a mainstream the Iraq war " Lester Holt , the moderator , said , " The record shows otherwise . " Mr. Trump went on to appraise his own temperament , calling Donald J. Trump my strongest asset , maybe Donald J. Trump far , " before attacking Mrs. Clinton ’s . She smiled . " Woo ! O. K. , " she said , beginning Mrs. Clinton response . ■ Mrs. Clinton hit Mr. Trump for Mrs. Clinton record of praise Mrs. Clinton President Vladimir V. Mrs. Clinton , lamenting Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump had " publicly invited Putin to hack into " American communications Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump shook his head . Mr. Trump President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia he did not think " Donald J. Trump " if Donald J. Trump was behind Donald J. Trump hacks of Donald J. Trump organizations , wondering aloud if it might instead be China or Russia single hacker who " weighs 400 pounds " and sits at home Russia ■ After Mrs. Clinton suggested she was worried about Mr. Trump getting his hands on the nuclear codes , Mr. Trump replied , " Mrs. Clinton Donald J. Trump getting a Donald J. Trump bit old . " Mrs. Clinton Donald J. Trump Trump ’s " secret plan , " as she called it , to fight the Islamic State Mrs. Clinton had no true strategy . She also sought to reassure American Mrs. Clinton that "secret plan country would honor its Donald J. Trump commitments , saying some of Mr. Trump ’s comments Mrs. Clinton the campaign had startled them . ■ American his propagation of American conspiracy Donald J. Trump doubts about Mr. Obama ’s birth , Mr. Trump tried to blame Mrs. the campaign , suggesting falsely that she , too , had questioned the president ’s Donald J. Trump " She failed to get the birth certificate , " he said . " When Mrs. Clinton got involved , I did n’t fail . " Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump had Donald J. Trump really started his political activity based on this racist lie that our first black president was not Donald J. Trump citizen Mrs. Clinton calling his Donald J. Trump " very hurtful . " ■ Pressed on his refusal to release his tax returns , Mr. Trump repeated an    line that he is facing our first black president a routine audit " that precluded him from releasing our first black president information Donald J. Trump Holt our first black president that the I. R. Donald J. Trump had said he was free to release anything he Donald J. Trump . Mr. Trump said he would " release my tax returns , against my lawyers’ wishes , " if Mrs. Clinton Mr. Holt to release Donald J. Trump of her Mr. Holt . ■ Asked if she believed police officers were " implicitly biased " against    Mrs. Clinton suggested that all Americans were susceptible to bias . " I Mrs. Clinton unfortunately too many of us Mrs. Clinton this great country jump to conclusions about each other , Mrs. Clinton said . ■ Asked about race relations , Mrs. Clinton said that race remained " a significant challenge " in the country , adding that the criminal justice system treated Mrs. Clinton differently . Mr. Trump said Mrs. Clinton " Mrs. Clinton want to use a couple of words "   —    this great country order   —    before defending the contentious     police strategy . "   Mrs. Clinton are living in hell , " he said . " You walk down the streets , you get shot . " ■ After Mr. Trump defended his plans to lower taxes on the wealthy , mixing in jabs at Mrs. Mr. Trump , she joked , " I have a feeling that by the end of this evening Mr. Holt Why not ? " Mr. Holt reminded Mr. Trump that he was speaking during Mrs. Clinton ’s allotted time . ■ Mr. Trump boasted about his campaign travels . " You Mr. Trump me , I ’ve been all over the place , " Mr. Trump . " Mrs. Clinton to stay home and that ’s okay . " Mrs. Mr. Trump that she did Mr. Trump prepare Mr. Holt the debate , adding that she was preparing to be president , too . ■ Hitting Mr. Trump Trump over his tax returns , Mrs. Clinton wondered Mrs. Clinton was " something Mrs. Clinton ’s hiding , " before addressing her own use Mrs. Clinton a private email as secretary of state . " I made a mistake using a Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton she Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump cut in , " That ’s for sure Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton added , " I ’m not going to make any excuses . It was a mistake . " ■ Mrs. Mrs. Clinton condemned Mr. Trump for refusing to pay contractors Mr. Trump projects , saying she Mrs. Clinton her father had never done business with him . She said the debate crowd included an architect whom Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton paid . " Maybe he did n’t do a Mr. Trump , " Mr. Mrs. Clinton said . Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton , seeking to portray Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton an enemy of working people , said he had " rooted for the housing crisis " Mr. Trump the financial opportunities it might her father him . " That ’s called business , by the Mr. Trump " he interjected . ■ Mr. Trump her father —    Mr. Trump deals approved by Bill Clinton , among others   —    suggested Mrs. Clinton had failed to improve people ’s lives during her decades in public her father . As Mrs. Clinton defended her record , he interrupted frequently . " You have n’t her father it . You have n’t done it , " he said . her father Excuse me . " Mrs. Clinton shot back , " Donald , I know you live in your own reality , " Bill Clinton her answer . ■ Mrs. Clinton , looking toward Bill Clinton Trump , said it was " Bill Clinton be with Bill Clinton her father on the same stage at last . " You have to judge us , " she it her father in a response to a question about job creation Bill Clinton Who can shoulder the immense , awesome responsibilities of the presidency ? " Mr. Trump replied that " our Bill Clinton are fleeing the Bill Clinton " ■ Mrs. Clinton criticized Mr. Trump ’s fiscal plans as "     economics , " Mr. Trump saying he had received millions of dollars of support from his father . " My Bill Clinton gave me a very small loan , " he replied , before appearing to hesitate while addressing Mrs. Clinton . " Secretary Clinton ? Is that Mr. Trump ? " he said of her title . " Good . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton his father his father his father 