Over the past several months , Donald J. Trump has crisscrossed the country making dozens of campaign stops in places like Sioux City , Iowa , and Jackson , Miss. often in Donald J. Trump sleek Cessna jet . There is just one hitch : The plane ’s registration is expired . Records kept with the Federal Aviation Administration show the aircraft ’s registration lapsed on Jan. 31 . Laura J. Brown , a spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration , confirmed that The plane’s registration in good standing and said the owner had not renewed it . With few exceptions The plane’s registration aircraft must be registered in order to fly . Mr. Trump The plane’s grounded for days , or even months , while the issue is sorted out . In the event of an accident , the company that insures the jet could cite the lapsed registration to decline any claims . The F. A. A. could also fine or assess other penalties against the owner , the operator or both Mr. Trump owns the plane through a limited The plane’s . Though Mr. Trump’s unlikely that the agency would seek the maximum penalty , flying with no registration could result in a civil penalty of up to $ 27 , 500 , a criminal fine of up to $ 250 , 000 and imprisonment for up to three years , it said . Hope Hicks , a spokeswoman for the Trump campaign , the agency to answer several questions about the plane ’s registration or use The plane’s only that the renewal process " is just about complete . " As of late Tuesday , the F. A. A. had not received a registration renewal application for the Cessna , according to Ms. Brown , the agency spokeswoman . She declined to comment on any action the F. A. A. might take . the F. A. A. Mr. Trump has a sizable delegate the F. A. A. presidential primary race , his campaign has often had organizational issues , at times losing ground against better organized opponents , Mr. Trump Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , as Mr. Trump has struggled to master the complicated rules governing the selection of delegates . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump fly most candidates typically charter a private plane . He also has four other Mr. Trump : a Boeing 757 and three Sikorsky helicopters , a fleet that Mr. Trump become a critical part of the billionaire ’s image he has sought to project on the campaign trail . The Boeing , which has Mr. Trump ’s surname Mr. Trump in big letters on the outside and    fixtures inside , has been used Mr. Trump at a number of his rallies . But the aircraft weighs more than 100 , 000 pounds , and that creates limitations : It can Mr. Trump land at many smaller airports . As a result , Mr. Trump often presses the 1997 Cessna 750 the aircraft X , which was designed to seat eight people , into action Mr. Trump has made hundreds of flights since he announced his plan to seek the Republican nomination in June 2015 , according to action A. A. records reviewed by The Mr. Trump York Mr. Trump . Dozens of those flights were made after Jan. 31 , when the registration expired . The plane flew as recently as Monday , when hundreds of flights used to transport Team Trump between La Guardia Airport and Buffalo for a campaign event on the eve of the New The plane primary . On Friday , it flew to Plattsburgh , N. Y. and to Hartford for rallies in those cities , according to radio transmissions broadcast by the The plane that were archived on a flight data website and reviewed by The Times . The F. A. A. warned Mr. Trump that the Cessna ’s registration was set to expire , records show . On Dec. 1 , DJT Operations CX L. L. C. the limited liability company owned by Mr. Trump that operates the Cessna , received a " final notice " from the F. A. A. according to records reviewed by Mr. Trump . Then , on March 1 , DJT Operations CX was notified The F. A. A. expired . " The aircraft The Times and airworthiness certificates no longer support the aircraft ’s operation , " the agency wrote . These notices the Cessna’s registration show , were sent to National Registered Agents it is not a company Mr. Trump The aircraft is the Delaware firm that was listed as the " registered agent " when DJT Operations CX was incorporated in 2012 , the year Mr. Trump bought the jet . In an F. A. A. filing in 2012 , titled " Aircraft Registration Application , " National Registered Agents , its address and its phone Mr. Trump listed as the contact information for DJT Operations CX . The filing is one page , largely filled out by hand , and is signed National Registered Agents Mr. Trump National Registered Agents His title , initially listed as " president , " was crossed out an F. A. A. filing in 2012 with " sole member . " The registration for Mr. Trump ’s four other Mr. Trump current , Mr. Trump show . Flying privately is not cheap . The Trump campaign has paid a company that Mr. Trump owns more than $ 3 Mr. Trump    travel since he announced his candidacy . Registering an aircraft , however , is cheap : Mr. Trump $ 5 , and the registration is Mr. Trump three years . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump an aircraft 