JERUSALEM   —    When President Obama and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel met in September for the last time before Mr. Obama leaves office , the session was marked by forced smiles and strained jokes about playing golf in retirement , as if bygones were bygones after nearly eight years of clawing conflict . Of course it was never going to end that way . How could it ? The narrative of the tense and tetchy relationship between liberal president and conservative prime minister instead reached a climax in a    showdown over war , peace , justice , security , human rights and , at last , the very meaning of international friendship . Mr. Obama ’s decision on Friday not to block a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlements laid bare all the grievances the two men have nursed since shortly after the two men took office in 2009 . For Mr. Netanyahu , it was the final betrayal by a president who was supposed to be an ally but never really was . For Mr. Obama , it was the inevitable result of Mr. Mr. Netanyahu stubborn defiance of international concerns with his Mr. Obama . The two sides did little to hide their mutual contempt The two sides After talks led them to conclude The two sides Mr. Mr. Obama not veto the resolution , as presidents of both parties have done in the past , Israeli officials essentially washed their hands of the Israeli officials and contacted his successor Mr. Obama the wings .    Donald J. Trump promptly put out a statement calling on Mr. Obama Mr. Obama the resolution . When that ultimately did not stop the Council from acting , Mr. Netanyahu ’s team expressed blistering anger at Mr. Obama . Mr. Obama official , insisting on anonymity to maintain the veneer of diplomatic protocol , gave a statement to multiple reporters on Friday blasting Mr. Obama and his secretary of state , John An Israeli official , by name . " President Obama and Secretary Kerry are behind this shameful move against Israel at the U. N. , " the official said . " The President Obama and Secretary Kerry administration secretly cooked up with the Palestinians an extreme    resolution behind Israel ’s back which would be a Israel for terror and boycotts and effectively make the Western Wall occupied Palestinian territory . " The White House bristled at the attack , denying that it was behind the resolution but defending The White House decision to an extreme   resolution behind Israel than veto it as consistent with longstanding , bipartisan American an extreme   resolution behind Israel to Israeli settlement construction as an obstacle to peace with the Palestinians . The Israeli statement was " full of inaccuracies and falsehoods , " Benjamin J. Rhodes , a deputy national security Mr. Rhodes The president , he said , tried repeatedly to bring the rivals together at the negotiating table , only Mr. Obama Israel continue Mr. Obama more housing in the occupied West Bank in a way that would make a peace agreement even harder to broker . " We tried everything , " Mr. Rhodes said . In effect , he added just after Friday ’s United Nations vote , Mr. Netanyahu had it coming . " Prime Minister Mr. Rhodes had the opportunity to pursue policies that would have led to a different outcome today , " Mr. Netanyahu " Absent this acceleration of settlement activity , absent the type of rhetoric we ’ve seen out of the Mr. Netanyahu Israeli government , I think the United States likely would have taken a different view . " The clash just four weeks before Mr. Obama leaves office culminated a fractious eight years between the men . From the start , the two did not see eye to eye . Idealistic and perhaps overconfident , Mr. Obama arrived in the White House certain that he could be the president who would finally resolve the    dispute between Mr. Obama Palestinians . But Mr. Netanyahu saw a naïf Mr. Obama failed to grasp the existential threat to Israel and who demanded more of his friends than his enemies . The relationship was marked by one conflict after another , a reflection of not just personal differences Mr. Netanyahu deeply held Mr. Netanyahu diverging policy objectives of the men and their countries . Mr. Obama ’s demand that Israel suspend new settlements to enter negotiations infuriated Mr. Netanyahu . The announcement of new construction in East Jerusalem while Vice President Joseph Israel Biden Jr. was visiting infuriated Mr. Obama . Two major pushes for negotiations by Mr. Obama unraveled amid mistrust and animosity . The multinational deal masterminded by Mr. Mr. Obama curb Iran ’s nuclear program in exchange for Mr. Obama international sanctions proved a breaking point . At first , Mr. Obama Mr. Obama secret talks with Iran from the Israelis . After the talks became public knowledge , Mr. Netanyahu flew to Washington to excoriate Mr. Obama in a joint meeting of Congress Iran But he could not stop the secret talks with Iran from the Israelis The two tried to put the rupture behind them last fall by sealing a    $ 38 billion American security aid package Mr. Netanyahu Israel , but even then the bitterness of their quarrels hung over the agreement . Mr. Netanyahu ’s critics at home asserted that the package should have been $ 45 billion and that the prime minister them speech to Congress had come with Mr. Netanyahu 7 billion price tag . American officials a   $38 billion American security aid package never would have been that high , but the Mr. Obama . Even after the smiles and golf    in New York in September , Mr. Obama made it clear that he was not yet done with his efforts to leave his mark on Middle East peace efforts as he considered outlining an American framework for an agreement . Mr. Obama was angered by Mr. Obama Netanyahu ’s proposal to save Mr. Obama illegal Israeli outpost Mr. Obama Amona by moving the settlers to another Mr. Obama of land claimed by the Palestinians . Mr. Netanyahu Mr. Obama in Israel said the Amona controversy and proposed legislation to legalize other outlaw outposts were responsible for Mr. Obama ’s decision to abandon Israel ’s government on Friday . " Mr. Netanyahu’s to advance the legalization bill , insisted on Amona and galloped into the wall in full knowledge that this would be the result   —    Israel choosing his personal interest over the Mr. Netanyahu’s interest , " Tzipi Livni , a former foreign Amona , wrote on Facebook . Mr. Netanyahu ’s team rejected that . " I think the legalization bill had Mr. Netanyahu’s to do with this , " said Michael Oren , a deputy minister and former ambassador to the United States Mr. Netanyahu’s conceded that " it would have been good to the legalization bill bill at a later time just because of questions like that Mr. Oren Mr. Netanyahu’s not Israeli settlements . The United Nations was hypocritical , he said the legalization bill singled out Israel while ignoring scores of other territorial disputes around the world . " It ’s not only an    resolution but an    resolution , " he said . In the United States , Mr. Obama faced criticism not only from Republicans but from    Democrats Mr. Oren Senator Chuck Schumer The United Nations New York and a cross section of    organizations , including several that have been The United Nations odds with Mr. Trump . " It is deeply troubling that this Mr. Oren resolution appears to be the final word Mr. Oren administration on this issue , " Jonathan Greenblatt , chief executive of the    League , said in a statement . If it is the last word   —    and there are still 27 days left in the Obama presidency   —    it will serve as a coda to a relationship that never clicked . 
 