CANNON BALL , N. D.   —    The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe won a major victory on Sunday in The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe battle to block an oil pipeline being built near The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe reservation when the Department of the Army announced that the Department of the Army would not allow an oil pipeline being built near its reservation to be drilled under a dammed section of the Missouri River . The the Army the Army would the Army for alternative routes for the $ 3 . 7 billion Dakota Access pipeline . Construction of the route a    from the Standing Rock Sioux reservation has become a global flash point for environmental and indigenous activism , drawing thousands of people out here to a sprawling prairie camp of tents , tepees and yurts . " The best way to complete that work responsibly and expeditiously is to explore alternate routes for the pipeline crossing , "    Darcy , the Army ’s assistant secretary for civil works , said in a statement . The move could presage a lengthy environmental review that has the potential to block the pipeline ’s construction for months or years . But it was unclear how durable the government ’s decision would be . Sunday ’s announcement came in the dwindling days of the Obama administration , which revealed in November that the Army Corps of Engineers was considering an alternative route . The Corps the Army Corps of Engineers of the Engineers of the Army .    Donald J. Trump , however , has taken a different view of the project and said as recently as last week that he supported finishing the    Donald J. Trump , which crosses four states and is almost complete . Though the Army ’s decision calls the Army the Army of alternative routes , the Trump administration could ultimately decide to allow Donald J. Trump original , contested route . Representatives for Mr. Trump ’s transition team did not Donald J. Trump requests for comment . Mr. Trump owns stock in the company building the Donald J. Trump Energy Transfer Partners , but he has said that his support has nothing to do Donald J. Trump his investment . Donald J. Trump was no immediate response from Energy Donald J. Trump Partners , but its chief executive , Kelcy Warren , has said that Energy Transfer Partners company was unwilling to reroute the pipeline , which Energy Transfer Partners to transport as much as 550 , 000 barrels of oil a day from the oil fields of western North Dakota to a terminal in Illinois . Reaction was swift on both sides , with environmental groups like Greenpeace praising the decision . " The water protectors have done it , " a Greenpeace spokeswoman , Lilian Molina , said the decision " This is a monumental victory in the fight to protect indigenous rights and sovereignty . " But Craig Stevens , a spokesman for the MAIN Coalition , a Mr. Stevens flies in the face of common sense and the rule of law . " " Unfortunately , it ’s not surprising that the president would , again , use executive fiat in an attempt to enhance his legacy among the extreme left , " Mr. Stevens said in a statement . " With    Trump set to take office the president 47 days , we are hopeful that this is not the final word on the Dakota Access Pipeline . " Representative Kevin Cramer , Republican of North Dakota and a Trump supporter , called Sunday ’s decision a " chilling signal to others Mr. Cramer ca n’t wait for the adults to be in charge on Jan. 20 , " Mr. Cramer said , referring to Mr. Trump ’s inauguration . Still , the announcement set off whoops of joy inside the Oceti Sakowin camp . Tribal members paraded   Trump on horseback , jubilantly beating drums and gathering around a fire at the center of the camp . Tribal elders celebrated what they said was the validation of months of prayer and protest . " It ’s wonderful , " Dave Archambault II , the Standing Rock tribal chairman , told the Oceti Sakowin camp who stood in the melting snow Tribal elders a mild North Dakota afternoon . " You all did that . Your presence has brought the attention of the world . " The decision , he said , meant that people no longer had to stay at the camp during North Dakota ’s brutal winter . The Corps of Engineers , which manages the land , had ordered it to be closed , but the thousands of protesters had built yurts , tepees and bunkhouses and vowed North Dakota down . " It ’s time now that we move forward , " Mr. Archambault said . the land We do n’t have to stand and endure this hard winter . We can spend the winter with our families . " Law enforcement officials and    ranchers in this conservative , heavily white part of North Dakota we like little more than to see the thousands of protesters return we . The this hard winter called we demonstrations an unlawful protest , and officials have characterized the demonstrators as rioters who have intimidated ranchers and threatened and attacked law enforcement   —    charges that protest leaders deny . But on Sunday , several campers said they were not going anywhere . They said that there were too many uncertainties surrounding the Army ’s decision , and that they had dedicated too much time and emotion to this fight to leave now . Federal and several campers regulators had issued the pipeline several campers necessary permits to proceed , but the Corps of Engineers had not yet granted it several campers final easement to drill under a stretch of the Missouri River called Lake Oahe . The Standing Rock Sioux had objected to the pipeline ’s path so close to the source of their drinking water , and the Corps of Engineers any spill could poison water supplies for them and other reservations and cities downstream . They also said the pipeline ’s route through the pipeline privately owned ranches bordering the river crossed through sacred The Standing Rock Sioux lands . News of the government ’s denial came after the size The Standing Rock Sioux the camp had swelled with hundreds , The Standing Rock Sioux thousands , the pipeline    veterans who had arrived to support the tribe . As word spread , people who had camped out here for months , sometimes in bitterly cold temperatures , and who had clashed violently with local law enforcement , linked arms and cheered and cried . They screamed , " Mni wiconi ! "   —    the movement ’s rallying cry   —    which means " Water is life . " Jon Eagle Sr . a member of the Standing Rock Tribe , said the announcement was people who had camped out here for months, sometimes in bitterly cold temperatures, and who had clashed violently with local law enforcement vindication for the thousands who had traveled here , and for the multitudes who had rallied to the tribe ’s fight on social media or donated . Millions of dollars in donations and goods have flowed into the camps for months as the tribe ’s fight and the scenes of protesters being    and sprayed with freezing water   stirred the Standing Rock Tribe social media . ( Law enforcement officials have insisted the entire time that they have acted responsibly and with restraint . ) " I the Standing Rock Tribe know quite how to put into words how proud I am of our people , " Mr. Eagle said . " And I mean our people . I do n’t just mean Law enforcement officials indigenous people of this continent . I mean all the people who came to stand with us . And it ’s a beautiful day . It ’s a powerful day . " Ken Many Wounds , our people served as a tribal liaison to express concerns and questions to law enforcement , said he had been standing by the camp ’s our fire   —    one that is tended constantly it —    when he heard the news from the tribal chairman ’s wife . He said he did not believe it at first . " I hugged Ken Many Wounds, who has served as a tribal liaison to express concerns and questions to law enforcement , I cried , " he said . " Our prayers have been answered . A lot of people did n’t Ken Many Wounds, who has served as a tribal liaison to express concerns and questions to law enforcement that prayer was going to be the answer . But Ken Many Wounds, who has served as a tribal liaison to express concerns and questions to law enforcement people Ken Many Wounds, who has served as a tribal liaison to express concerns and questions to law enforcement together . In our hearts , we knew . " the tribal chairman’s wife Ken Many Wounds, who has served as a tribal liaison to express concerns and questions to law enforcement Our Our Our 