Global markets were not lacking in precarious unknowns . Italy just added another . As voters on Sunday emphatically rejected constitutional changes aimed at streamlining government and making it easier to revive a moribund economy , voters on Sunday enhanced concerns that Italy banks could spiral into a disaster . They voters on Sunday worries about the endurance of the euro currency and broader European economic integration . And they voters on Sunday the sense that Europe is a land of disappointing growth , political dysfunction and seething populism . " Existential crisis " had not been on the ballot , but that was essentially the result . The lopsided tally against the reforms   —    nearly 60 percent rejected them The lopsided tally against the reforms  —    —    prompted the resignation of Italy ’s prime minister , Matteo Renzi , leaving Europe ’s    economy without clear leadership . As world markets absorbed the result , investors soured on Italian banking stocks . Shares in Monte dei Paschi di Siena , which was involved in Italy Italy’s banking fiasco , surrendered 4 percent on Monday on expectations that a private sector rescue devised by Mr. Renzi had been killed . Investors initially pushed down the euro before it recovered the euro They cut Investors price of Italian government bonds , lifting the yield   —    a sign that investors will demand greater reward for the heightened risks of lending to Italy . Investors also unloaded Spanish and Portuguese government bonds . The widening spread between    German bonds and those issued by    European countries amounts to a flashing indicator that investors see risks for the southern periphery . These market moves were muted because the results had been anticipated . Indeed , for Europe and the rest of the world , this dynamic was uncomfortably familiar . For nearly a decade , the 19 nations sharing the euro have lurched from one crisis to the next , with no effective fix . A currency designed to unite the adversaries of World War II has instead generated fresh divisions   —    between creditor and borrower Northern Europe and the Mediterranean . In a year in which Britain voted to abandon the European Union and the American electorate selected Donald J. Trump as the next president , Italy offered its own Italy to the global populist insurrection . Against this backdrop , the basic contours of the world economy are now uncertain . The British vote to exit Europe   —    Brexit , in common parlance   —    threatens to cleave the geography of the world ’s largest single marketplace . The American elevation of Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump over the world ’s largest economy to a man who has threatened a trade war with the    China . The fall of Mr. Renzi creates an opening for the populist Five Star Movement , a party that seeks to free Italy of the euro and its strictures on Italy of the euro spending . Even that possibility threatens Europe with trouble . If investors worry that Italy may leave Italy euro , the euro demand greater investors for continued lending . Those with the greatest debt burdens   —    Greece , Spain and Portugal   —    could see their borrowing costs rise Those with the greatest debt burdens  —   Greece, Spain and Portugal  —    their ability to pay Those with the greatest debt burdens  —   Greece, Spain and Portugal  —    For now , such grim scenarios appear remote . The referendum maintains the power of the Italian legislature ’s upper chamber , a potent check on the Five Star Movement , or any government pursuing radical change . The most immediate consequences fall on the Italian banking system , now choked with some 360 billion euro , or about $ 385 billion , in suspect debts . Mr. Renzi tried and failed to inject public funds into Monte dei Paschi , the perpetual locus of fears about an    financial conflagration . The European Union , led by Germany , effectively forbade that step , citing new rules barring taxpayer bailouts to limit the temptation of bankers to engage in reckless lending . Mr. Renzi instead forged Mr. Renzi that has Monte dei Paschi scrambling to secure € 5 billion from private investors . " For Monte dei Paschi , it Monte dei Paschi be extremely hard to close the capital raise by end of the year , " said Nicola Borri , a finance professor at Luiss Guido Carli University in Rome . " The political future is so uncertain . " Most experts assume a caretaker Italian government will wind up seeking permission from European authorities for some form of a    rescue of Monte dei Paschi , while agreeing to wipe out the investments of a thin slice of bondholders . The consensus is that Italy can patch immediate holes in the banking system . But the referendum has destroyed what momentum existed to address the condition that is both cause and effect of the banking problem   —    a dire lack of economic growth . Italy ’s banks are stuffed with uncollectable Italy part because the country ’s economy is smaller than it Italy decade ago . Bad loans on bank balance sheets reflect that millions of people have lost jobs , eliminating spending power , while companies have seen sales evaporate . Mr. Renzi pursued reforms aimed at spurring companies to invest . He made it easier for companies to terminate    Mr. Renzi to eliminate a chief impediment to hiring them in the first place   —    the workers that giving someone a job was akin to adopting them as a dependent forever . He sought to workers civil processes in the notoriously Mr. Renzi court system to make it easier for banks to recoup bad debts by collecting collateral . The constitutional changes he sought were aimed at clearing another blockage to Mr. Renzi . They would have trimmed the powers of the upper The constitutional changes he sought of the legislature , a place where proposals die . Voters clearly did not trust Mr. Renzi to wield greater power . Now , they will be represented by someone with less power Voters it matters a great deal : Brussels and Berlin .    nations in Europe have long argued that their burdens would be lighter if they could spend nations in Europe money to spur faster economic nations in Europe . But the European Union   —    anchored by Germany   —    has cited rules limiting the spending of member governments with big debts . Instead , Brussels and Berlin argue , such countries must deliver Brussels structural reforms , stripping away labor protections and trimming pension benefits . In a testament to the severity of this creed , German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble effectively threatened to banish Greece from the euro if Athens did not deliver on reforms it promised as a condition of successive European bailouts Greece " Athens must finally implement the needed reforms , " Athens Schäuble told the Bild am Sonntag newspaper in German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble published on Sunday , a day before eurozone finance ministers convened to court the participation of the International Monetary Fund in the Greek bailout . " If Greece wants to stay in the euro , there is no way around it . " Mr. Renzi was a rare leader who carried credibility in such quarters . He gained modest relief from European spending strictures in part Mr. Renzi pointing at his reforms . " Renzi is the only leader in Mr. Renzi history who has Mr. Renzi a structural reform agenda , " said Mujtaba Rahman , managing director for Europe at the Eurasia Group , a risk consultancy . Now , Mr. Renzi is gone , along with his reform trajectory Mr. Renzi is most palpably still here is Mr. Renzi Italian economy that is growing anemically , soon to be presided over by a caretaker government with a limited mandate . " What chance does a less effective prime minister overseeing a caretaker government have of getting a hearing in Brussels and Berlin ? " Mr. Rahman said . " It ’s just not possible . Mr. Renzi has no fuel for growth . It has no clear way to extricate itself   —    or Italy other parts of the planet connected Italy money   —    from the perils of its grinding banking crisis . And the one reinforces the other . the planet 