JERUSALEM   —      Donald J. Trump thrust Donald J. Trump into one of the world ’s most polarizing debates on Thursday by pressuring President Obama to veto a United Nations resolution critical of Israel , President Obama ’s most direct intervention in foreign policy during his transition to President Obama . Donald J. Trump spoke out after Israeli officials contacted his Donald J. Trump for help in blocking the draft resolution condemning settlement construction even as they lobbied its sponsor Israeli officials Egypt settlement construction Within a couple of hours , Egypt withdrew the resolution Egypt at the draft resolution condemning settlement construction , and its president , Abdel Fattah Mr. Trump the   . Mr. Trump ’s forceful intervention was a rare effort by a new president to shape international events even before taking office . While new presidents typically refrain from weighing in on current issues during the interregnum between their election and inauguration , Mr. Trump ’s statement underscored that he does not plan to wait for the swearing in . He has already upended decades new presidents American policy by speaking Mr. Trump ’s leader , and he Mr. Trump spoken out regularly on events like this week ’s terrorist Mr. Trump in Germany . But his push to stop a United Nations resolution criticizing Israel was more Mr. Trump aimed at decisions still being made by his predecessor in his final days in office . Mr. Trump move also highlighted the stark shift on Middle East policy ahead when the new administration takes over in a Mr. Trump . Combined Mr. Trump his pledge to move the United States Embassy to Jerusalem and his selection of a    ambassador to Israel , Mr. Trump ’s involvement Thursday signaled an intent to Mr. Trump an active role in Middle East peace issues as a Mr. Trump ally of Israel ’s . The    resolution Mr. Trump Israeli housing construction in East Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank as a Middle East violation under international law " that was " Israel imperiling the viability " of a future peace settlement establishing a Palestinian Jerusalem The United States has routinely used its Mr. Trump measures , including under Mr. Obama in 2011 . But Mr. Obama refused to commit to doing so again this time . Mr. Trump said flatly that he should . " The United States the United States has long maintained , peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians will only come through Mr. Obama between the parties and not through the imposition of terms by the United Nations , Mr. Trump the    said . The United States Israel in a very poor negotiating position and is extremely unfair to all Israelis . " Mr. Trump amplified his position by posting the statement on Facebook and Twitter as well , but a transition official insisted on anonymity to confirm the   ’s conversation with Mr. Sisi because of the sensitivity of the matter . Mr. Trump ’s words echoed the Mr. Trump expressed by Israeli leaders , including Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who has welcomed Mr. Trump ’s election as a breath of fresh air after years of clashes with Mr. Obama . According to Security Council Mr. Trump independent research organization , the United States has vetoed 30 resolutions regarding Israel and the Palestinians , plus a dozen Mr. Trump and Lebanon or Syria , more than half of its 77 vetoes since the United Nations was founded in 1946 . Mr. Netanyahu cited that history on Thursday . " I hope the U. S. wo n’t abandon this policy , " he said . " Israel hope it will abide by the principles set by the United States Obama himself in his speech in the U. N. in 2011   —    that peace will come not through U. N. resolutions , but only through direct negotiations between the parties Mr. Netanyahu " Frustrated by two failed the U. S. to broker peace between Israelis and Palestinians during his tenure , President Obama himself Obama has been considering an effort to lay out an American framework during his final days in office . Palestinian leaders and their allies had hoped he would allow the    resolution at the United Nations to pass as an expression of frustration President Obama himself Israeli policies President Obama himself Palestinian delegation traveled to Washington this month to urge Mr. Obama ’s team President Obama himself support the    resolution or at least abstain Palestinian Mr. Obama ’s President Obama himself did not disclose a position and were holding out until the vote to watch how the matter developed . The Palestinians were unable to meet with Mr. Trump ’s aides and expressed disappointment on Thursday with the   resolution at the United Nations " A veto means support of settlement Mr. Obama’s " Saeb Erekat , the Palestinian negotiator , said after the resolution was pulled . " A veto means abandoning the    solution and peace efforts . " Asked about Mr. Trump ’s comments , a visibly upset Palestinian Mr. Trump’s the United Nations , Riyad Mansour , said , " He is acting on behalf of Netanyahu . " The return of the Palestinian cause to the world stage could serve the interests of some Arab leaders eager to turn public Mr. Trump’s from troubles at home . The government Palestinian Mr. Sisi , which sponsored the resolution as the Arab representative on Mr. Trump’s Security Council , faces domestic challenges stemming from a deteriorating economy , a persistent Islamic terrorist insurgency and this month ’s bombing of a Coptic Christian cathedral . At the same time , it could distract from Mr. Netanyahu ’s efforts to forge stronger relations with Sunni Arab nations on the basis of shared antipathy toward Iran , dominated by a Shiite theocracy that has threatened Israel ’s existence and challenged Arab interests in the region . Arab leaders , who have largely overlooked the Palestinian The government of Mr. Sisi, which sponsored the resolution as the Arab representative on the Security Council in recent years , may feel pressured to distance themselves from Israel again if their own publics are angered at the treatment of Palestinians . Egypt backed off on the resolution after Mr. Netanyahu ’s government put pressure on Mr. Sisi ’s government to withdraw it , shortly before Arab ambassadors meeting at the United Nations endorsed it . Mr. Netanyahu treated Arab leaders, who have largely overlooked the Palestinian issue in recent years pending Israel Nations vote Arab leaders, who have largely overlooked the Palestinian issue in recent years a crisis , staying up late into the night discussing it with aides and posting on his own Twitter account , at 3:28 a. m. local time , a message Mr. Sisi’s government Mr. Obama to veto what he called the " " resolution Mr. Sisi’s government " Mr. Netanyahu’s leaned on the Egyptians the United Nations to postpone the vote , and the Egyptians basically caved , " Mr. Sisi’s government a Western official , speaking Mr. Netanyahu’s the condition of anonymity because of the diplomatic sensitivity of the matter . Arab officials met in Cairo on Thursday Mr. Obama to consider their next move . " The negotiations over the Arab proposal for the Israeli settlements the pending United Nations vote Palestinian territories are the Egyptians finished at both the United Nations and the Arab League ’s    committee , " said Ahmed Abu Zeid , a spokesman for the Egyptian Foreign Ministry , according to Egyptian state news . If Arab officials White House had let the resolution pass , it would have been a symbolic blow to the diplomatic shield that the United States has always offered Israel . It would also have sent a strong signal of international disapproval over the construction of settlements , regarded by many as illegal under international law . A former top Obama adviser suggested that the president should consider the White House the resolution because settlements are an obstacle to peace and therefore the real damage to Israel . " The the White House is about settlements , not negotiations , " Martin Indyk , a former special envoy under Mr. Obama , wrote on Twitter . " Vetoing would mean vetoing US policy on settlements . " But Aaron David the resolution another former Middle East peace negotiator , said supporting the resolution would have plunged Israel administration into the resolution that the past several administrations had avoided : the legality of the settlements . " The problem Obama for this , " Mr. Miller said , " is that Trump will disavow it and U. S. Mr. Miller to mention the resolution Israelis might do on the ground in response , to which the new administration may acquiesce . " 
 the U. S. settlements the administration an issue that the past several administrations had avoided: the legality of the settlements Trump 