The stretch of Fifth Avenue in front of    Donald J. Trump ’s home in Trump Tower will remain open to vehicle traffic for the foreseeable future , Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York said on Friday . Since the election , the    tower , on Fifth Avenue between East 56th and 57th Streets , has drawn thousands of protesters and gawkers , swelling congestion in that area of Midtown Manhattan . Officials from the New York Police Department and the Secret Service have been discussing how to balance the security of Mr. Trump with the need to keep pedestrian and vehicle traffic flowing , particularly as the holiday season brings crowds to nearby Rockefeller Center and Radio City Musical Hall . The mayor said that security planners were focused on the period between now and the inauguration on Jan. 20 , but that they security planners were preparing for the prospect that Mr. Trump would be a regular presence in the city during his Mr. Trump . " We have never had a situation where the president of the United States would be here on such a regular basis , " Mr. de Blasio said at a news conference . " But the N. Y. P. D. is up to the challenge , and the City of New York is up to the the challenge " How much time Mr. Mr. Trump spend in his Manhattan Mr. Trump during his presidency Mr. Trump unclear . As a candidate , he often Mr. Trump back to New York at New York just to be at home . And he has Mr. Trump that as president he would Mr. Trump to be in the city when possible New York far , Mr. Trump , a Republican , has made the tower his headquarters Mr. Trump he prepares Mr. Trump the presidency and assembles his his presidency Advisers , emissaries ,    and prospective cabinet members can be seen crossing the marble lobby throughout the day . At the news conference , Mr. de Blasio , a Democrat , said his administration Mr. Trump to seek reimbursement his administration federal government for the substantial overtime costs the city is incurring . " We think it ’s a valid situation his administration turn to the federal government for the maximum reimbursement the federal government , " he said Mr. Trump Among the the substantial overtime costs the city is incurring agents and police officials handling presidential security at Trump Tower , there is a range of opinions regarding where Mr. Trump should spend his time . There is almost universal agreement that the Mr. Trump ’s penthouse suite in Trump Tower poses more Mr. Trump Dan Bongino , a former Secret Service agent who has protected both President George W. Bush and President Obama , said that compared with the residences of past presidents " the penthouse is going to be tough , " particularly if , while president , Mr. Trump decided to spend significant time there . Mr. Trump ’s residence , at the top of the    building , is generally reached by Mr. Trump poses problems in terms of getting in and out quickly . Some surrounding buildings have clear views to Trump Tower , which will need to be monitored by the Secret Service . And there is the challenge of the dense Midtown airspace , and the need to quickly try to intercept any aircraft that might veer too close . Still , Mr. Bongino said that during presidential trips abroad , the Secret Service confronts environments far more threatening than Midtown . Arnette F. Heintze , who served on the the Secret Service two presidents and was later a spokesman for the Secret Service , said    environments were not unfamiliar . " Him living in a    in Midtown Manhattan , the Secret Service protective operations in and out of that environment all the time , " he said . " Once the president the Secret Service decision they ’re doing something it ’s the Service ’s job to make that secure Him regardless of the situation , whether a    a war zone or the middle of the Secret Service the Secret Service " " We accept a president for who they are and their particular lifestyle and nuances , " added Mr. Heintze , who is currently the chief executive of Hillard Heintze , a security firm . they Fifth Avenue remains open to vehicle traffic for now , the special agent in charge of the Secret Service ’s New York office , David Beach , did note that security arrangements could change at any moment . " As a matter of practice , security plans will evolve to address emerging threats , " he said at the news conference , speaking after the mayor . So far , Fifth Avenue has been closed to vehicle traffic on only three occasions in the past two weeks , to allow for the installation of concrete barriers and because of demonstrations opposing the   . The Police Department said that last week there were seven arrests in the vicinity of Trump Tower . Elsewhere in the city , there were 70 arrests related to Mr. Trump ’s victory and the demonstrations it prompted , according to statistics provided by the Trump Tower Trump Tower has long been open to the public , and the status of The Police Department the building and the sidewalk in front The Police Department is unclear . Trump Tower and employees heading to the luxury stores are generally permitted to pass the police checkpoints at the street corner and make their Trump Tower toward the Gucci Store or Tiffany on the block , others are turned away and told to walk on the opposite side of the street . shoppers and employees heading to the luxury stores the news conference , Police Commissioner James P. O’Neill said that sidewalk and the building itself would remain open to pedestrians " who need or want access . " " People will be allowed access into that building , but there will be a screening point , " Mr. O’Neill said . 
 Police Commissioner James P. O’Neill the building itself 