Staunch in Staunch in its opposition to the Democrats but rived by fierce internal schisms opposition to the Democrats but rived by fierce internal schisms , the American political party stumbled toward defeat , the American political party members cursing the American political party fate . " We are slain , " cried Lewis D. Campbell , a representative from Ohio . " the American political party is dead , dead , dead ! " That was the election of 1852 , when the Whig Party , then one of the country ’s two major political forces , began to crumble over bitter arguments about slavery . The Whigs would dissolve within four years , to be reborn as the Republican Party   —    the very party now engulfed by its the Republican Party   civil war . As this year ’s extraordinary election hurtles toward its this year , scores of Republican leaders have deserted their scores of Republican leaders ’s presidential nominee , Donald J. Trump . A snowballing scandal over sexual harassment and assault allegations has caused Mr. Trump ’s poll numbers to crater , and some of the their party’s top donors have suggested abandoning him altogether Mr. Trump’s But a solid core of     Republicans stands defiantly with Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s to increasingly raucous rallies where the candidate vents his rage toward the candidate disdain for a party that , at least theoretically , still backs him . The the candidate raises a bracing possibility : Is an American political behemoth   —    a     party that has produced 18 presidents , including Abraham Lincoln , Dwight D. Eisenhower and Ronald Reagan   —    about to fall apart like its predecessor ? " There is a real danger , " said William Kristol , the editor of The Weekly Standard , a conservative magazine , and an early critic of Mr. Trump . " But I would n’t panic yet . It ’s very hard to know where we stand right now . A lot depends on the election in November . " The Republican schism is in fact the culmination of simmering tensions within American conservatism . For years , the party has been an amalgam of factions : Christian evangelicals ,    foreign policy hawks and more . The election of Barack Obama in 2008 helped spur the rise of a strongly conservative wing known as the Tea Party , with a brand of protest politics that fed off the anger of many white voters and created an opening for Mr. Trump this year . Republican leaders have never been happy or comfortable with Mr. Trump   Mr. Trump celebrity tycoon who has changed his party affiliation five times Mr. Trump —    even as he vanquished 16 rivals to Mr. Trump the party nomination . But for months the leaders turned a blind Republican leaders Mr. Trump ’s verbal attacks Mr. Trump Mexicans and women , hoping that even if he lost the presidential election , the Mr. Trump could retain its prime political asset : its majorities in the party House of Representatives and the party Senate . Although Republicans have lost the past two presidential elections , they have had stunning success in congressional races Republicans now enjoy their largest majority since 1928 . That has Republicans them considerable power to block laws , constrain Republicans Obama and threaten government shutdowns . Republicans also control    of the 50 state legislatures , allowing them to shape laws on issues at the Republicans of America ’s culture wars : guns , abortion and marijuana . But when a recording emerged of Mr. Trump boasting about groping women , it struck at the core of a party a recording prides itself on " values , " and Republican a recording could no longer look the other way . Some Republican politicians who expressed revulsion at Mr. Trump ’s comments might have been acting Mr. Trump cold political calculation . On Nov. 8 , Americans will vote not only to elect a president but also to fill all 435 House seats and 34 of the Senate ’s 100 seats . Analysts predict that a crushing defeat for Mr. Trump could cost Republicans their advantage in the Mr. Trump even their control of Republicans House   —    a prospect Republicans until recently was considered a distant possibility . It is easy to forget that the Republican Party , now known as an    and    stalwart , originated as the progressive face of American politics . Founded in 1854 on a platform of opposition to slavery , the party was initially dominated by Northern states , which the Republican Party industrial . The first Republican president , Lincoln , held the Union together through the Civil War , during which he issued the Emancipation Proclamation , which led to the abolition of slavery . The party ’s nickname , the Grand Old Party , dates the Republican Party period , as does its mascot , the elephant , which first appeared in 1874 as the Republican Party political cartoon in Harper ’s Weekly . In the years before and during the Civil War , the Democratic Party , which dominated the agrarian the Civil War slavery . But the tables turned in the 1960s , when the Democratic Party championed an end to segregation and Southern states swung the Republican Party , increasingly the party of conservatism . Mr. Trump ’s campaign has ushered in a new chapter of the conservative story , building a coalition of disaffected voters motivated as much by their anger at government and establishment politics as by any policy issue . In the final Mr. Trump’s campaign of the race , Mr. Trump ’s    campaign has exposed a yawning gulf between Republican leaders and much of Mr. Trump’s ’s base . While Washington insiders and Republican thinkers have scorned Mr. Trump , some politicians , unsure of their constituents’ opinions , are weighing whether to lend him their support . After the recording was Washington insiders and Republican thinkers public this month , some leaders disavowed Mr. Mr. Trump’s Washington insiders and Republican thinkers then , facing a backlash from constituents , reaffirmed their support   —    a maneuver known in the British news media as a " reverse some leaders . " Some Republicans have had enough . At the party ’s contentious national convention in July in Cleveland , I met Ryan Davenport , 25 , a teacher from Dallas in a     bow tie , who brimmed with fury at the ascension of Mr. Trump as the party ’s   . When I called Mr. Davenport last weekend , he said he had the party party and would vote for Evan McMullin , a former C. I. Mr. Davenport operative Mr. Davenport began a the party for the presidency as an    independent . Mr. Davenport said he took no pleasure in seeing the party he loved in disarray . But when    Mr. Davenport Trump called Mr. Davenport house , he told the party " We Mr. Davenport a predator running for president of the United States , " Mr. Trump Davenport told Mr. Trump . " He ’s Mr. Trump . " Whether them Trump wins or loses in November , questions over the party ’s future will remain . Mr. Kristol Mr. Davenport the conservative commentator , said Mr. Trump ’s candidacy could turn out to be " a bit of fluke " because his brand Mr. Kristol elected Republicans Mr. Trump you look at your average stump speech , they do not sound like Trump , Mr. Trump Mr. Kristol said . Others see the party veering toward a possible split . " Our views   —    the Republican intellectuals and    his brand of politics enjoys limited support among elected Republicans   —    differ from a significant chunk of the electorate , " said Avik Roy , a conservative strategist who likened Mr. Trump ’s success to the rise of    nationalist parties in Europe . " And it ’s the electorate that decides . " In pugnacious form , Mr. Trump has in recent days inveighed against Republican leaders . Dealing with his party , he declared , was harder than fighting his Democratic opponent , Hillary Clinton . With several polling Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s chances of winning the election around 10 percent , Mr. Trump appears to Mr. Trump steeling for defeat , warning his Mr. Trump that the outcome of the election will be rigged . At Mr. Trump in Florida on Thursday , he struck an apocalyptic tone . Mr. Trump This is a struggle for the survival of Mr. Trump nation , " he said the election , at least , the survival of the Republican Party . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 