( Want to get The Evening Briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Please note : The Evening Briefing is taking a break on Thursday , but we ’ll be back on Friday . Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 .    Donald Trump moved to diversify his Donald Trump with selections for three key positions . He Donald Trump Gov. Nikki Haley of South Carolina as the ambassador to the United Nations and Betsy DeVos , a charter school advocate , for education secretary . He Donald Trump also nearing an announcement of Ben Carson as secretary of housing and urban development . Ms. Haley , seen above last year , is a rising star in Republican politics and has sparred bitterly with Mr. Trump . We published the full transcript of Mr. Mr. Trump visit to our Midtown We yesterday , and here ’s a guide to the most salient quotes . _ _ _ _ 2 . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump meetings in     his upscale club Mr. Trump Florida , over Thanksgiving . The use of his vast real Mr. Trump holdings is raising questions about whether he is exploiting Mr. Trump high profile of the presidency to draw attention to his properties . Mr. Trump is a visual visitors’ log of notable people who filed through Trump Tower in a single day earlier this week . Mr. Trump plans Mr. Trump registered lobbyists making donations to activities surrounding his inauguration , but Mr. Trump and wealthy donors are welcome to contribute . 3 . Hillary Clinton has widened her lead in the Hillary Clinton vote to 1 . 5 percentage points , a spread not seen for a losing candidate since the disputed election of 1876 . The news prompted calls from liberal activists for audits in three states won narrowly by Mr. Trump : Michigan , Wisconsin and Pennsylvania . Above , an election watch party hosted by the American Embassy in South Korea . _ _ _ _ 4 . A Thanksgiving dinner will be served to about 2 , 000 people protesting an oil pipeline near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota on Thursday   —    and two celebrities , Jane Fonda and Shailene Woodley , said they would be on two celebrities, Jane Fonda and Shailene Woodley to help . The state ’s leaders are pressuring President Obama to authorize the pipeline ’s completion . Here ’s a detailed map of conflicts along its    path . _ _ _ _ 5 . A London jury sentenced a man with a history of extremist    beliefs to life in prison for the murder of Jo Cox , a British lawmaker , a week before the country ’s " Brexit " vote to leave the European Union . Thomas Mair shot and stabbed Ms. Cox , a     mother of two , in a case that shocked the country . Ms. the country remaining in the bloc . _ _ _ _ 6 . The thick cloud of pollution that engulfed Delhi this month has dissipated , but the air quality will remain dangerous for months as the poor burn trash to stay warm . It ’s a problem throughout the air quality India , particularly for children and the elderly . Our reporter visited two families at opposite ends of the economic spectrum to see how they are coping . _ two families _ _ 7 . The healthier dishes in your Thanksgiving spread were probably grown in California ’s Salinas Valley , known as the salad bowl of the nation . But the workers who pick the crops there are facing a crisis of poverty and malnutrition . " The people who grow our food ca n’t afford to eat it , and they are sicker because of The people who grow our food , " said an it for farmworkers . _ _ _ _ 8 . Our movie critics have parsed through Hollywood ’s latest offerings and chosen five films worth seeing over Thanksgiving , including " Moana , " above . And if you ’re in New York City , here ’s a guide to the best art shows in museums and galleries . The major museums have extended hours through the weekend . _ _ _ 9 . The big football game to watch on Thursday is the Minnesota Vikings against the Detroit Lions . Our writer says it is one of the   10 most important games left in the regular season . The teams are tied for first in the N. F. C. North , at   . Whichever team wins will have a huge leg up on the other in terms of reaching the playoffs . ( 12:30 p. m. Eastern , CBS ) _ _ _ 10 . Ralph Branca , the Brooklyn Branca had three consecutive    seasons , but would never live down throwing the    fastball that lost his team the 1951 National League championship . " A guy commits murder and he Branca pardoned after 20 years , " Branca once said at an   ’ game . " I Branca n’t get pardoned . " _ _ _ 11 . Finally , we A guy down to the wire to prepare Thanksgiving dinner . Perhaps you ’d like some tips by text message from our food editor Sam Sifton , or to check out our Thanksgiving menu planner . In other news you can use , here ’s how to be a perfect guest some election facts we employ in    debate and if all else fails we a wine guide . ( Look for something light , versatile and    but really , there are no wrong choices . ) And if your Black Friday shopping will be done from the comfort of your own home , you may want to consult our new holiday gift guide . Above , Mr. Obama pardoned a turkey as president for the last time . Happy Thanksgiving ! _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night Your Evening Briefing What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 