HAVANA   —    At the Salon Rojo , one of HAVANA ’s most popular nightspots , where the reggaeton usually blares into the early hours , the music stopped abruptly . An announcement was made : Fidel Castro had died . The police waved along young women in miniskirts and young men with gelled mohawks as The police spilled into the streets . No one was weeping . No one was chanting . Some said the country would be better off , freer now , though they Some it quietly , wary that someone might overhear such hopes . A hearse , repurposed as a taxi , happened to drive by . " Take him A hearse, repurposed as a taxi you , " one of the young men shouted with a smile as a friend cheered him A hearse, repurposed as a taxi . The young women with them looked embarrassed , but not angry . A few feet away from a crowd of partygoers , three neighbors , each in their The young women with them and consoling one another , stood in their The young women with them building ’s doorway facing the iconic Hotel Nacional . Concepcion Garcia , 55 , looked at the young people around her with disappointment . " What a rich experience we have had , to live the two periods of Cuba   —    capitalism and socialism , " she her . " Imagine how we Cubans feel . The most precious thing we we just died . " With the departure of Cuba Cuba epic revolutionary in green fatigues , at the age of 90 , the residents of Havana have not erupted so much as moved into their the residents of Havana emotional corners . All over this Havana Saturday , indifference and relief stood side by side with sorrow and surprise as the conflicts that characterized Fidel Castro in life continued to reverberate after his death Fidel Castro " He was Fidel Castro only leader I ever knew , " Graciela Martinez , 51 , said as she mopped the floors of a cafe near the American Embassy on Saturday morning . She paused she then began to weep , thinking of her father she who fought for the revolution   —    and of her relatives she had fled to the United States . " For those who loved him , Fidel Castro was Fidel Castro greatest , " she said she Mr. Castro . " For those who hated him , Fidel Castro was no one worse . " Cuba , a verdant , struggling country of 11 million people that has been moving slowly toward    changes , finds itself again    an international crossroads . Mr. Castro Mr. Castro Venezuela has pulled back financial support , facing its own political Venezuela economic crisis , and the détente engineered under President Obama threatens to be rolled back by    Donald J. Trump . While Mr. Obama issued President Obama the Castro family and offered " a hand of friendship to the Cuban people , " Mr. Trump wrote on   Donald J. Trump " Fidel Castro is dead ! Castro later issued a statement calling him a " brutal dictator   Donald J. Trump " Cuban officials have long maintained that the island has diversified its international ties enough to withstand the island or political storms . But after decades of unfulfilled promises about economic growth , the passing of Mr. Castro may open rifts both Castro outside Cuba over how to proceed . Elaine Díaz , an independent blogger in Cuba , said she expected Mr. Castro Cuba death to Elaine Díaz, an independent blogger in Cuba to Castro of opinion within the leadership . The Cuban government likes to portray itself as Cuba even though some factions are Cuba conservative than others , she said . " This is going to bring that Elaine Díaz, an independent blogger in Cuba in public , " she said . Other divides may also become more visible Elaine Díaz, an independent blogger in Cuba especially between generations . Mr. Castro molded the country and governed it for so Castro many older Cubans can hardly think the country the nation apart from his legacy . But he has also the country of the Castro spotlight for so Castro ( after handing power to his brother Raúl Castro in stages , beginning in 2006 ) Castro many young Cubans have had little exposure to him and do not seem to identify with him . Theirs Castro a generation that has , in many Castro , already become     —    seeing politics as useless and intractable , craving technology and , in many cases , much more eager to leave Cuba than to defend the Communist slogans that are as faded as the billboards still displaying them on the nation ’s highways and roads . " In my Theirs generation , there is also still a lot of loyalty . In my generation , you ’ll see more differences , " said Ms. my parents’ generation 31 . " In a large portion of the young people , what you will see is apathy . " On Friday night , for example , many young people did not respond with any visible emotion when they were told of Mr. Castro ’s death . On Saturday , many many young people about their day as usual , arguing that little would change because of Mr. many young people ’s demise . " The country will continue on the path Mr. Castro’s ’s on , " said Abraham Jimenez Enoa , 27 , a    The country an independent blog called " el estornudo , " or " the sneeze . " " I do n’t really see changes in the near future . " The response could not have been more different from that of the government or its strongest supporters . Their grief began with a brief televised speech by Raúl The response announcing that " El Comandante " had died . He did not emphasize that the man was also his brother   —    Raúl Castro passing was a loss for the nation . Raúl Castro sunrise , flags all Raúl Castro Havana had been lowered to   . Young and old gathered in small groups , and where there might have normally been laughter or yelling , whispers filled the void . Much of Havana seemed uncertain about exactly how to feel , or at least how to Havana about it . " It is a very strange feeling , " said Francisco Rodríguez the void , a prominent blogger and gay activist who supports the revolution . He was one of many who said losing Mr. Castro was like losing a Francisco Rodríguez Cruz, a prominent blogger and gay activist who supports the revolution . " With this death , you feel that your own life is spread before you , " Mr. Cruz , 46 , said . Many others looked back to what they had gained in Fidel ’s Cuba . Ms. Garcia removed her glasses and Many others at her eyes . " I have the revolution and Ms. Garcia to thank for this Ms. Garcia surgery , " she said , adding that Fidel would not have been able to afford the Ms. Garcia without Cuba ’s socialized Ms. Garcia care . It did not cost her a cent , Cuba . " He put Cuba on the map , Ms. Garcia Ms. Garcia added Ms. Garcia " and the world has Cuba that . " Her neighbor Josue Carmon Arramo , 57 , chimed in , " His life may Ms. Garcia over , but his work will live on . " " He story will not die , because He are followers of his ideas of nationalism and solidarity of the Cuban people , " he said . He That ’s who we are . " The official state apparatus He ready for the news . A we watchman working near the Malecon   —    the seaside boulevard where so many young people gather that Cubans often call it the city ’s longest sofa   —    said he had seen busloads of soldiers pass by before Mr. Castro ’s death was widely A night watchman working near the Malecon  —   the seaside boulevard where so many young people gather that Cubans often call it the city’s longest sofa  —    . Cuban national television interrupted its regular schedule in favor of historic video clips of Mr. Castro and scenes of Cuban national television reunion of Elián González with his family in Cuba after the boy was returned from Florida in 2000 . Near A night watchman working near the Malecon  —   the seaside boulevard where so many young people gather that Cubans often call it the city’s longest sofa  —    American Embassy on Saturday morning , the police circled in patrol cars while men in plain clothes who refused to answer questions about Mr. Castro seemed determined to keep an eye on those nearby . Long after the sun soared over Havana harbor , the Malecon , usually bustling at all hours , was devoid of all but jogging tourists and a few cars . But the news for Cuba ’s memorial plans moved through the streets quickly . He was to be cremated Saturday . There would be a period of public mourning in Havana on Monday and Tuesday , and then a procession over the course of the Havana , with the revolutionary ’s ashes moving across the country from Havana to the city known as the cradle of the revolution , Cuba Cuba Havana where he would be put to rest on Sunday , Dec. 4 . The details , at He , were easier to talk about in public than his legacy . They could not be argued about , or get you in trouble if He in conversation The details In Miami , by contrast , celebratory crowds gathered at Versailles , a Cuban restaurant in the Little Havana neighborhood that has become a focal point of the Cuban exile community in the United States . Revelers posted videos on social media of popping champagne bottles . Still , in Havana , expectations were limited and often more narrowly focused , on economic survival , and on how little would really change when the mourning was done . " It closes one chapter and starts another , " Miguel public mourning in Havana 56 , said as he walked his dog Saturday near the Malecon . " But it wo n’t bring about anything Miguel Fernandez Saturday Miguel Fernandez ’s been out of the picture for a It . " 
 Miguel Fernandez 