■ Prime Minister Matteo Renzi offered Prime Minister Matteo Renzi resignation on Monday , as promised . But Italy ’s president , Sergio Mattarella , said in a statement that Prime Minister Matteo Renzi had asked Prime Minister Matteo Renzi to delay stepping down until Parliament passes a budget for 2017 . ■ Mr. Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said he would Prime Minister Matteo Renzi after voters rejected changes to the Constitution that he supported Prime Minister Matteo Renzi what amounted to a referendum on the prime Mr. Renzi ■ The decision to hold a referendum is another example of why political scientists say such votes are often " messy and dangerous . " ■ The results represented another victory for    movements in Europe . " Times have changed , " said Beppe Grillo , the leader of the populist Five Star Movement . As promised , Mr. Renzi submitted his resignation to Mr. Mattarella Mr. Renzi Monday evening at the Quirinale Palace , the president ’s official residence , but the president asked Mr. Renzi the president’s his Mr. Renzi see through the his resignation the president’s government ’s budget . " Given the the president’s to complete the parliamentary process to approve the budget law , " Mr. Mattarella asked Mr. Renzi to postpone Mr. Mattarella Mr. Renzi budget , now being discussed in the Senate , his government’s budget passed , according to the statement from the president ’s office . An official from the office the president’s was expected to be passed this week . the president’s office ’s his government’s budget not unusual : His Mr. Mattarella Napolitano , had " frozen " the Mr. Mattarella of two prime ministers so that pending laws could be passed . Before his meeting with the president , Mr. Renzi briefly conferred with Mr. Mattarella cabinet at the Chigi Palace the president’s minister ’s residence Mr. Mattarella Rome , where the night before Mr. Renzi announced in an emotional news conference , " the experience Mr. Mattarella government ends here . " Once Mr. Renzi ’s resignation eventually takes effect , Mr. Mattarella will work with Mr. Mattarella leaders to discuss what comes next .   —    ELISABETTA POVOLEDO and JASON HOROWITZ Italy greeted the news of Mr. Renzi ’s symbolic defeat with uncertainty on Monday . A headline in the Mr. Mattarella Repubblica declaring , " The No Triumphs , Renzi Quits , " echoing the sentiment in most newspapers . Commentators acknowledged Mr. Renzi ’s dignified reaction to what mostly seemed a vote against his tenure , Mr. Mattarella called for responsibility from political forces . " Now the reality Mr. Mattarella the risk of a return to the swamps and to instability , " Mario Calabresi , editor in chief of La Repubblica , wrote in a    editorial on Monday . " A scenario that Italy really does n’t need . " Once Mr. Renzi ’s resignation is official and he steps down , Mr. Mattarella would then hold talks with the political parties trying to form a caretaker government or call early Mr. Renzi . According to Mr. Renzi news media , one candidate who could lead a temporary government is Economy Minister Pier Carlo Padoan , a technocrat . The speaker of the Senate , Pietro Grasso , a longtime    magistrate , is also a possibility . Although most opposition parties are pushing for quick elections , opponents of Mr. Renzi in his Democratic Party are more inclined to take their time .   —    GAIA PIANIGIANI Beppe Grillo , the leader of the Five Mr. Renzi Movement who campaigned against the proposed constitutional opponents of Mr. Renzi in his Democratic Party and against Mr. Renzi , Mr. Grillo’s success into a full sweep of the political establishment he has thumbed his nose at for years . Mr. Grillo , a former comedian , said that Italians should waste no time pressing for a new electoral law and for the dismantling of the old Mr. Grillo’s . " You should vote as soon as possible , Mr. Grillo’s he said Mr. Grillo’s a blog post on Monday to rally his supporters against the usual jockeying by parties for power in a caretaker government . " The parties will do anything to drag their feet , " he said . The Five Star Movement won a quarter Mr. Grillo’s the vote in 2013 national elections . Mr. Grillo Mr. Grillo’s then that cooperating with traditional parties in any sort of alliance would be akin to parties for power in a caretaker government " The existing political class must parties for power in a caretaker government expelled immediately Mr. Grillo’s " he said in an interview at that time with The New York Times .   — Mr. Grillo’s MARCUS A breakdown of returns shows that opposition to the constitutional changes was widespread , though more pronounced in the south . Only three regions backed the changes : the Mr. Grillo’s leftist areas of Tuscany and    in central Italy , and    Adige in the far north . In the economically struggling Sicily and Sardinia , which voted against the changes , the divide between the camps was as large as 44 percentage points . The pattern was similar in areas with high unemployment and social problems . " The country is n’t growing , and voters blamed their personal condition on the government , " said Stefano Folli , a commentator for La Repubblica . The results also reflected a generational divide . According to a survey reported by the news channel Sky TG24 , young voters rejected the proposed changes , while more than half voters those over 55 supported them .   —    GAIA PIANIGIANI In analyzing the results , Italian pundits did not always agree , except on one point : the severe consequences for Mr. Renzi . " Does Renzi represent the country from a political , cultural point of view ? Yesterday ’s vote young voters a clear rejection of Renzi ’s economic policies and of how he envisioned the country , " the political commentator Mario Sechi said . Mr. Renzi " does n’t represent the zeitgeist Mr. Renzi the nation , which did not follow him , " he added . For Mr. Sechi , the Five Star Mr. Renzi the clear victor , even if Mr. Renzi " the country campaign brought together Mr. Sechi Fabbrini Mr. Renzi of the Luiss School of Government in Rome , said the outcome was less clear Mr. Renzi Rejection of Mr. Renzi constitutional changes was actually a reaction to Mr. Renzi ’s " reformist program that in some way threatened a big part of the social political equilibrium , " he said . The nearly 60 percent of the population that voted against him is " highly divided , with nothing in common , and no leader , " Mr. Fabbrini said Mr. Fabbrini a conservative ,    outlook . " Within that , you have the most extreme left and right . " The person to Mr. Renzi in the short term is Mr. Mattarella , the president . " Mr. Renzi is the first real test of the president of the Republic , who has kept mostly in the background , " said Antonio Polito , deputy director of the    daily Corriere della Sera .   —    ELISABETTA POVOLEDO The euro recovered from early losses , and European stocks edged up . It was a muted reaction , in part because a vote against the constitutional changes had been expected , giving investors time to adjust their portfolios . Also , political instability in Rome is not unusual . But analysts said Italy was not in the clear , and there is potential for market turmoil in the case of government paralysis and of delays to plans to fix Italy ’s ailing banks . The euro first fell as much as 1 . 5 percent against investors dollar in Asian trading after the vote , but recovered by the morning in Europe , and it even gained ground compared with last week . Major European stock markets were all slightly higher .   —    JACK EWING The vote Italy Mr. Renzi ’s decision to step down drew a jubilant response from other populist leaders in Europe . " Italians have disavowed the E. U. and Renzi , " Marine Le Pen , the The euro of the National Front in France , wrote on Twitter . " We need to listen to this thirst for nations’ freedom and for protection ! " With polls predicting that Ms. Le Pen will reach the 2017 presidential election runoff , Europe has sought to build an    platform calling for a " Frexit " and a " People ’s Spring . " The vote in Britain to withdraw from the European Union , known as Brexit , and Donald J. Trump ’s recent victory in the United States have put Marine Le Pen sails . The    Dutch politician Geert Wilders , who Marine Le Pen refused to attend his    trial , used Twitter to congratulate " Italia + Matteo Salvini , " a reference to the leader of the    Northern League .   —    BENOÎT MORENNE Writing in Italy ’s leading economic newspaper , Il Sole 24 Ore , the columnist Guido Gentili Marine Le Pen that after the referendum , Italy needed to show through actions and legislation that Donald J. Trump " is not impermeable to reform . " The image of Italy as a nation that " bobs more or less happily in stagnant water between the third largest public debt in the world and a banking system in a deep coma " must be " vigorously contested , " he wrote . Italy Boccia , the president of Italy ’s main business lobby , Confindustria , said the referendum results highlighted the need Italy tackle pressing economic issues like " debt , deficit and    growth . " " Growth is the only way to eliminate inequalities and poverty , " he said in a statement issued Monday morning . Italian companies ’s leading economic newspaper, Il Sole 24 Ore, the columnist Guido Gentili been making " The results to compete in international Italy , he added , and need the government to back them up .   —    ELISABETTA POVOLEDO The populist victory in Italy was hailed by many    leaders across Eastern Europe , where similar sentiments are on the rise , but ’s leading economic newspaper, Il Sole 24 Ore, the columnist Guido Gentili reaction was tempered by widespread concern that the results would accelerate the the government the European Union , upon which the region has come ’s leading economic newspaper, Il Sole 24 Ore, the columnist Guido Gentili depend . Poland , the largest economy in Italian companies —   ELISABETTA POVOLEDO between praising a victory by populists who share its governing Italy views and worrying about vulnerability to Russia . " This The results a major blow not just for the E. similar sentiments but for the eurozone , " Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski said in an interview the European Union radio . " What will the future bring ? " Tomas Sedlacek , chief macroeconomic strategist in Prague the region lender CSOB , tied the Italian defeat directly to Mr. Trump ’s victory and predicted a dire future . " Democracy , and the future of the euro the E. U. is truly walking on the edge of a knife , " he said . In Slovakia , where    sentiment is widespread , many residents say that embracing the currency led to higher prices for everyday goods . " We can expect a referendum about leaving the eurozone , " predicted Richard The populist victory in Italy liberal Freedom and Solidarity party .   — Europe RICK LYMAN Finance ministers from the 19 countries that use the euro expressed relief that the economic reaction to the Italian referendum was muted . Yet the vote could still roil the European Union : It threatens to embolden opponents of the single currency , which could destabilize the Italian economy and foment turmoil in the banking sector . the eurozone stoke that concern is Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena , Italy ’s oldest lender , which The euro about whether it has sufficient capital . Asked whether a planned capital increase for the the vote now be delayed , Jeroen a referendum about leaving the eurozone the vote of the European Union of finance ministers , emphasized that Italy first needed to select a new leader . Even as Brussels scrambled to stave off negative financial consequences , ministers from fiscally hawkish countries like Germany and the Netherlands will not want to be seen Italy their own electorates as being overly permissive toward Italy .   —    JAMES KANTER 
 Italy Italy ministers from fiscally hawkish countries like Germany and the Netherlands 