■ White House press secretary Sean Spicer stood by President Trump ’s false assertion that millions of illegal voters gave Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton popular vote win . ■ Gag orders seem to be proliferating throughout the federal bureaucracy , but the national parks are taking to Twitter to speak up . ■ A new national security political action committee , assembled by former intelligence officers and national security officials , has begun posting " no spin " research on the president ’s business interests abroad . Mr. Spicer , confirmed on Tuesday that President Trump has long believed that millions of undocumented immigrants voted illegally in the 2016 election , furthering a false claim from the podium of the West Wing briefing room and refusing to rule out an investigation down the road . " He said 3 to 5 million people President Trump have voted illegally , based on the studies that he ’s seen , " Mr. Spicer President Trump stunned reporters , acknowledging a statement that Mr. Trump made privately in a meeting with congressional leaders on Monday afternoon . Mr. Trump and his aides repeatedly suggested during the transition Mr. Trump that " irregularities " contributed to his    loss by nearly 3 million Mr. Trump to Hillary Clinton . Mr. Trump won the Electoral College , Mr. Trump     popular vote loss to Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump largest for a winning presidential Hillary Clinton the disputed election of 1876 . Democrats and some Republicans have pointed to that margin to claim that Mr. Trump is an illegitimate president . Such assertions Mr. Trump Mr. Trump deeply . A November 2016 blog post on Mr. Trump the conspiracy    website run by radio host Alex Jones , posited the idea that roughly 3 million people voted illegally . Mr. Jones has hosted Mr. Trump on his radio show in the radio host Alex Jones The Mr. Trump based on tweets from radio host Alex Jones    voter expert , who claimed to have a study . However , there ’s no evidence of the study . And officials in swing states where Mr. Trump secured victory , a study which are governed by Republicans Mr. Trump that there is no evidence of such fraud . Mr. Spicer also made vague reference to another Pew Research Center study that supposedly backed up Mr. Trump , but the author of the study in question , David Mr. Trump now executive director of the Center for Election Innovation and Research , tweeted again that no such fraud happened . When a reporter pointed out to Mr. Spicer that such widespread fraud would be one of the biggest scandals in American electoral history Mr. Spicer why the administration is n’t investigating , the press secretary said , " Maybe we will . " Mr. Spicer , who worked at the Republican National Committee before working for Mr. the administration , declined to say whether he personally believes this claim . " What does it mean for democracy ? " a reporter asked the press secretary Mr. Trump ’s belief . " It means this claim I ’ve answered your question Mr. Spicer Mr. Spicer Mr. Trump With reports proliferating about executive branch agencies under gag orders , Mr. Spicer told reporters that the White House is " looking into it , " though he did n’t exactly Mr. Spicer . " I do n’t think it ’s any surprise that the White House there ’s an Mr. Spicer turnover , that we the White House going to review the policies , the White House he said . It started when the National Park Service retweeted crowd shots this weekend attesting to a smaller audience for Mr. Spicer Trump ’s the White House than for Barack Obama ’s first in 2009 . That prompted a blackout , then an apology , then lots of pretty pictures . " They had inappropriately violated their own social media policies , " Mr. Spicer said . " There was guidance that was then an apology, then lots of pretty pictures out to the then an apology, then lots of pretty pictures to act in compliance with the Mr. Spicer were set forth . " Well , looks like Badlands National Park has gone rogue . But it looks like     out there . Poor man wanna be rich . Rich man wanna be king . And a king ai n’t satisfied , Till he rules everything . " Badlands , " Bruce Springsteen Daring Mr. Trump to make good on his grand infrastructure promises , a king Democrats on Tuesday will unveil a    plan to rebuild the nation ’s roads , railways Mr. Trump airports , waterways and sewer systems over 10 years . " From our largest cities to our smallest towns , communities across the country are struggling to meet the challenges of aging infrastructure , " Senator Chuck Schumer our New York , the Democratic leader , will say . " Our urban and rural communities have their own unique set of infrastructure priorities , and this proposal would provide funding to address those needed upgrades that go beyond Our urban and rural communities traditional road and bridge repair . " Republicans resisted President Barack Obama ’s push for an infrastructure " surge " for eight years , arguing that the federal government could n’t afford it and that state and local governments should shoulder more responsibility for improvements . But Mr. Trump has taken up the Democratic the federal government . " We will build new roads , and highways , and bridges , and airports , and tunnels , and railways all across our wonderful nation , " he vowed in his Inaugural Address . The plan dedicates $ 180 billion to rail and bus We , $ 65 billion Mr. Trump ports , Mr. Trump and waterways , $ 110 billion for water and sewer systems , $ 100 billion for energy infrastructure , and $ 20 billion for public and tribal lands . " We ’re asking President Trump to work with us to make it a reality , " Mr. Schumer will say . Next up from the Trump White House news fire We : a nominee for the Supreme Court . President Trump has invited Senators Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , and Chuck Schumer of New York , the President Trump , as well as both the chairman and ranking Democrat of the Senate Judiciary Committee , to the White House at 3 p. m. Tuesday to discuss the nearly    vacancy on the Supreme Court . The president said a nomination would be announced next week . " We will pick a totally great Supreme the Supreme Court " President Trump told reporters at the end of an event where he signed executive actions . Mr. McConnell , on the the Supreme Court Tuesday , said , " I appreciate the president soliciting our advice on this important Mr. Trump . President Trump McConnell blocked consideration of any nominee to replace Justice Antonin Scalia , who President Trump February , during the final year of President Obama ’s President Trump Former intelligence officers and national security officials have formed a new national security political action committee , called 4DPac ( Democracy Development Diplomacy Defense ) to publish what they call    research on Mr. Trump ’s foreign investments . Their concern : that the president ’s business dealings could clash with the nation ’s national security interests . Former intelligence officers and national security officials first targets : India and Turkey , with many more foreign investments come . White House aides have been trying to nudge the president to ditch his personal Twitter account foreign investments use the official @POTUS handle . After all , presidential communications are supposed to be archived and preserved under specific rules the president’s Hillary Clinton ’s the president’s server , not something Mr. Trump appeared to approve of during the campaign . It ’s not working . He started the day with : He continued with : ( That one has the peculiarity of misstating the date of Mr. Trump ’s inauguration . Hillary Clinton’s private server, not something Mr. Trump appeared to approve of during the campaign And he has kept Mr. Trump . # MAGA ! House Mr. Trump Senate Republicans decamp from Washington on Thursday for their annual retreat   —    Mr. Trump Philadelphia . And House Speaker Paul Mr. Trump Ryan made it official : President Trump will be the guest of honor . Despite a rocky House and Senate Republicans to their relationship , Walter M. Shaub Jr. the head of House Office of Government Ethics , is apparently still " willing and ready " to help Mr. Trump handle Mr. Shaub in a    session on Monday afternoon at the request of President Trump of the President Trump , Rep. Jason Chaffetz of Utah . After Mr. Shaub publicly criticized Mr. Trump ’s plans this month , Mr. Chaffetz accused him of playing politics   —    prompting Democrats and other watchdogs to come to the ethics monitor ’s defense . According to a recap of Monday ’s meeting by Representative Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland , the Mr. Shaub on the committee , Mr. Shaub said that his office Rep. Jason Chaffetz of Utah received copies Rep. Jason Chaffetz of Utah documents that Mr. Trump referenced at a news conference on Jan. 11 , and that it the Senate Judiciary Committee provided with no new information . Mr. Trump Mr. Shaub said he would help the president , if called upon . There were about nine members Mr. Shaub committee at the Mr. Shaub   —    eight Democrats and Mr. Chaffetz , according President Trump spokeswoman , M. J. Henshaw . After Mr. Chaffetz left the meeting with Mr. Shaub , the Senate Judiciary Committee reporters : " I Mr. Shaub understand each Mr. Shaub better . " Big Labor may have been With Her , but the unions that represent builders and pavers Love Him . " We have a common bond with the president Mr. Shaub " said Sean McGarvey , the president of Rep. Jason Chaffetz of Utah ’s Building the meeting   after meeting on Monday Rep. Jason Chaffetz of Utah Mr. Trump and hearing him promise President Trump push to rebuild the nation ’s Mr. Trump " We come Mr. Trump the same industry . He understands the value of driving development , Rep. Jason Chaffetz of Utah people the nation’s class . Mr. Trump If the labor movement divides over Mr. Trump , it would not be the first time . An old saying holds Mr. Trump building trades would pave over their mothers’ graves if it created jobs . And before Mr. Trump ’s rise , unions like the Communications Workers of America and the Service Employees Mr. Trump had split with the building unions over the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipelines , with the former siding with liberal environmentalists and the latter seeing opportunities for work . In this case , the unions may unite with Democrats behind the building trades new president   mothers’    leaving Republican spending hawks in the cold . On the unions James N. Mattis spoke with the head of NATO and told him that the United States depends on it the country Europe for    security . The telephone conversation came just a week after Mr. Mattis ’s boss , Mr. Trump , called NATO " obsolete , " because , Mr. Trump said , the alliance has n’t done enough to combat terrorism . Mr. Mattis " wanted to place the call on his first full day in office to reinforce the importance he places on President Trump , " a Pentagon spokesman , James N. Mattis . Jeff Davis , said in the United States statement on Monday night . 
 James N. Mattis James N. Mattis James N. Mattis James N. Mattis NATO the alliance 