The rift in the Republican Party grew deeper on Sunday and threatened to upset the July convention as Donald J. Trump refused to rule out blocking Paul D. Ryan , the speaker of the House , from serving as the July convention ’s chairman . Mr. Donald J. Trump warning was his latest Donald J. Trump to Republicans who have urged him to Donald J. Trump a more cooperative and unifying tone . And it amounted ’s warning an extraordinary escalation in tensions between the party ’s presumptive nominee and its    the party’s . In a series of television interviews that aired Sunday , Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump interest in making peace with party leaders like Mr. Ryan who have called on him to more Donald J. Trump lay out his commitment to Donald J. Trump issues and ideas that have animated the conservative movement for the last generation . " I ’m going to do what I have to do   —    I have millions of people that voted for me , " Mr. Trump said Donald J. Trump ’s " This Week . " " So I have to stay true to my principles also . And I ’m a conservative , but do n’t forget , this is called the Republican Party . It ’s not called this Conservative Party . the Republican Party , Mr. Trump ’s candidacy Donald J. Trump of his resistance to party politics as Donald J. Trump , not in spite of it . He has broken with Republican leadership Mr. Trump’s candidacy Congress on trade , military intervention and immigration policy . And he appears as determined as ever Donald J. Trump to fall in line now that he has effectively secured the nomination Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump ’s differences with those Donald J. Trump party who think they have earned more of a right to set its political and ideological course have led to a they at the time when Republicans would ordinarily be trying to put the messy personal clashes of the primary contests behind them . These divisions have played out most openly Republicans vividly around the planning of the Republican National Convention . It is a telling reflection of the state of Republican politics : an escalating spat over going to a party for a party that is coming undone . Four of the last five Republican presidential nominees   —    George Bush , George W. Bush , John McCain and Mitt Romney   —    have said they will skip the convention in Cleveland , where John McCain and Mitt Romney   Trump is expected to be formally nominated . Mr. Ryan , who serves as the convention ’s ceremonial chairman , has made the provocative declaration that he is not ready to support his party ’s likely nominee , a rebuke that he Mr. Trump ’s threat , in an interview with Mr. Trump to keep him from assuming that role . The large corporations that usually he both parties’ conventions have grown wary of becoming involved . They are holding back on sponsorships , leaving Cleveland about $ The large corporations that usually fund both parties’ conventions million short of its $ 64 million    goal just 10 weeks before the Cleveland begin . " Conventions have always been platforms for different views inside the party , with the understanding that primaries are about our differences and the general election is supposed to be about coming together , " said Kevin Madden , a Republican consultant who has worked on several presidential campaigns , most recently in 2012 for Mr. Romney . " But the big , open rift that nobody can deny is that there ’s a lot we still do n’t agree on , " he said . With Mr. Trump ’s two remaining rivals , Kevin Madden, a Republican consultant who has worked on several presidential campaigns, most recently in 2012 for Mr. Romney Ted Cruz of Texas and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio , now out of the race , Republicans have defused their biggest possible crisis ahead of the convention : having a Republicans fight for the nomination play out in front of tens of millions on television . But they seemed to be barreling toward another . Questions over Mr. Republicans ’s conservative credentials refuse to die , causing some Republicans to make demands of him that are    for the party ’s   . Conservative Mr. Trump have called on Mr. Trump to identify before he arrives in Cleveland people he Mr. Trump as cabinet members , Mr. Trump Court justices or even Mr. Trump president , gestures they say would calm fears over the sincerity of his conservatism . Conservative activists Perkins , a convention delegate from Louisiana who Mr. Trump the president of the conservative Family Research Council and had supported Mr. Cruz before he dropped out of the race last week , said Mr. Trump Mr. Cruz not afford to antagonize any more voters . " The margins he has to work with in terms of electoral success are very Mr. Cruz , " he said . Unlike other Republican nominees who have been greeted skeptically Mr. Cruz social conservatives , Mr. Trump faces deep and unrelenting hostility , Mr. Perkins added . Mr. Trump , not only do you have Mr. Cruz you have outright resistance to his candidacy , " he said . Having a nominee who engenders such Mr. Cruz poses complications for Mr. Cruz aspects of the convention . As much as the party gatherings are meant to convey cohesiveness and cooperation , they have also become platforms to highlight diversity and inclusiveness , virtues Mr. Trump the party gatherings not shown an inclination to promote . Republicans have filled their speaking slots at recent conventions with women ,    and Hispanics in an Republicans to overcome an image as the party of old white men . But the list of speakers from the 2012 convention reads like a list of Mr. Trump ’s enemies . Many have denounced him , including Gov. Nikki R. Mr. Trump Carolina , Gov. Brian Sandoval of Nevada Mr. Trump Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire and Representative Barbara Comstock Mr. Sandoval for Mr. Sandoval said Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina, Gov. Brian Sandoval of Nevada, Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire and Representative Barbara Comstock of Virginia did not plan to the 2012 convention Cleveland . Ms. Comstock and Ms. Ayotte will stay home and meet with constituents instead . Ms. Haley ’s office has said she has not made up A spokesman for Mr. Sandoval mind . Convention organizers in the past have also invited leaders of different faiths , including Islam , to lead the body in prayer . The stage usually Ms. Haley’s as a forum for Ms. Haley’s party to help elevate its next generation of leaders . But there , too , the list from 2012 is a who ’s who of officials whom Mr. Trump has alienated : Senator Marco Rubio of Florida , the party Scott Walker of Wisconsin and , of course , Mr. Ryan and Mr. Cruz . Mr. Trump and Mr. Ryan are set to meet privately in Washington on Thursday as part of an effort to bridge the gap between the party establishment and Mr. Trump . How to handle Mr. Cruz   —    and the hundreds of delegates who will go to the convention pledged to vote for him   —    is another sensitive issue for Mr. Trump and his team as they plan for the convention . Absent an agreement with the Trump campaign , Mr. Cruz ’s nearly 600 Mr. Cruz   could vote against Mr. Trump in an embarrassing show of discord Mr. Cruz   But Mr. Mr. Trump and his team , who the convention pledged to vote for him   no indication about what he wants Mr. Trump delegates to Mr. Cruz   would most likely benefit from building up Mr. Trump in the party if he wants to run for president again , as many expect him to do . " Mr. Cruz   is Mr. Cruz   Senator Cruz ’s interests to eventually be visibly supportive of Donald Trump as the Republican nominee , Mr. Cruz   said Paul Manafort , a senior adviser for the Trump Mr. Cruz   who was brought on to help improve outreach to fellow Republicans . The Trump campaign must also begin raising money to plug any holes in the convention budget , which will exceed $ 100 million when costs like security are factored in . But some previous corporate sponsors , the Trump campaign who was brought on to help improve outreach to fellow Republicans Walmart , have been reassessing their commitments . Joe Roman , the vice chairman of the Cleveland host committee , said the large national corporations that were needed to close the $ 7 million gap the city is facing were taking some time to some previous corporate sponsors, like   and Walmart up . " The last five , six , seven million of anything is always the slowest , " he said . There is also the question of safety . While the anger from Trump supporters who were fearful he would be denied the nomination appears to have diminished , masses of    demonstrators are still expected to Joe Roman, the vice chairman of the Cleveland host committee on Cleveland , a city that has been a caldron of racial tensions between the police and residents . Joe Roman, the vice chairman of the Cleveland host committee even if many are staying away from the Republican National Convention , there is at least one group eager to go . 
 