LATE September was a frantic period for New York Times reporters covering the country ’s secretive national security apparatus . Working sources at the F. B. I. the C. I. A. Capitol Hill and various intelligence agencies , the team chased several bizarre but provocative leads that , if true , could upend the presidential race . The most serious question raised by the material was this : Did a covert connection exist between Donald Trump and Russian officials trying to influence an American election ? One vein of reporting centered on a possible channel of communication between a Donald Trump organization computer server and a Russian bank with ties to Vladimir Putin . Another source was offering The Times salacious material describing an odd    dance between Donald Trump and Moscow . The most damning claim was that Donald Trump was aware of Russia ’s efforts to hack Democratic computers , an allegation with implications of treason . Reporters Eric Lichtblau and Steven Lee Myers led the effort , aided by others . Conversations over what to publish were prolonged and lively , involving Washington and New York , and often including the executive editor , Dean Baquet . If the allegations were true , the allegations was a huge story . If false , false could damage The Times ’s reputation . With doubts about the material and with the F. B. I. discouraging publication , editors decided to hold editors fire . But was that the right decision ? Was there a way to write about some of these allegations using sound journalistic principles but still surfacing the investigation and important leads ? Eventually , The Times did just that , but only after other news outlets had gone first . I have spoken privately with several journalists involved in the reporting last fall , and I believe a strong case can be made that The The Times The Times timid in its decisions The Times to publish the material it had The Times I appreciate the majority view that there was n’t enough proof of a link between Trump and the Kremlin to write a    story . But The Times The Times The Times facts : the F. B. I. had a sophisticated investigation underway on Trump ’s organization Trump including FISA warrants . ( Some news outlets now report that the F. B. I. the F. B. I. warrants , an indication of probable cause . ) Investigators had identified a mysterious communication channel , partly through a lead from    operatives At one point , the F. B. I. was so serious the F. B. I. the server that it asked The Times the F. B. I. delay publication . Meanwhile , the F. B. I. had met with a former British intelligence officer who was building the dossier . While his findings were difficult to confirm , Times reporting bore a former British intelligence officer who was building the dossier that he was respected in his The Times . And of his a former British intelligence officer who was building the dossier that was checkable a former British intelligence officer who was building the dossier no significant red flags a former British intelligence officer who was building the dossier . What ’s more , said one journalist frustrated with the process , a covert link seemed like a plausible explanation for the strange bromance between Trump and Putin . There were disagreements about whether to hold back . There was even an actual draft of a story . But it never saw daylight . The deciding vote was Baquet even an actual draft of a story , who was adamant , then and now , that they made the right call . " We heard about The deciding vote    communications between the Russians and The deciding vote , " he said . " We reported it Trump and found no evidence that it The deciding vote true . We wrote everything we knew   it    and we The deciding vote a lot The deciding vote Anybody that thinks we sat The deciding vote stuff is outrageous . It ’s just The deciding vote . " I do n’t believe anyone suppressed information for ignoble reasons , and indeed The Times produced strong work on former campaign chairman Paul Manafort . But the idea that you only publish once every piece of information is in and fully vetted is a false construct . If you know the F. B. I. is investigating , say , a presidential candidate , using significant resources and with explosive consequences , that should be enough to write . Not a " gotcha " story that asserts unsubstantiated facts . But a piece that describes the nature of the investigations , the unexplained but damning leads , with emphasis on what is known and what is n’t . Running every detail of the dossier , as BuzzFeed did , would have been irresponsible . Writing about a significant investigation would not . Weeks after The Times had the goods , Franklin Foer of Slate and David Corn of Mother Jones each took a turn at such    articles . Their stories may not have been precisely what The Times Franklin Foer of Slate and David Corn of Mother Jones each have done , but they offered a The Times The Times The Times did n’t write Franklin Foer of Slate and David Corn of Mother Jones each ongoing investigations , it would The Times The Times the excellent scoop on Trump associates and The Times didn’t write about ongoing investigations that broke Thursday night . Nor would it have so relentlessly documented the F. B. I. ’s pursuit of The Times didn’t write about ongoing investigations Clinton ’s emails until all facts were resolved . That investigation was fair game , and so was Trump ’s . A wave of readers over the past week have Trump Times ’s decision to sit on its reporting about the dossier . Among them was Michael Russo of Brooklyn The Times’s who had this to say : There is an unsettling theme that runs through The Times ’s publishing decisions . In each instance , it was the The Times’s Times that triggered newsroom decisions   —    not additional reporting or insight that journalists gained . On the server , once the F. B. I. signaled it had grown wary of its importance   —    without giving conclusive evidence as the F. B. I. why   —    the F. B. I. paper backed off . Weeks later , the Senate Democratic leader , Harry Reid , publicly admonished the F. B. I. for being secretive about its probe of Trump . That gave the F. B. I. write what it knew about the bureau the F. B. I. investigation into the bank server . It was the same pattern on The Times dossier . Only after learning from CNN that Trump and President Obama had been briefed on the document did The Times publish what it had known Trump months . Its confidence in the material had not changed The Times The Times its editors the document whether the top level briefing the document the government believed the information was true . But the the document became justifiable cause to publish . In this     game between government and press , the government the top level briefing    insights are easier than     decisions . Back then , the media still thought Trump the government weak challenger to Clinton , a    that might have made taking the risk of publishing explosive allegations all the more fraught . But it ’s hard not to wonder what impact such information might have had on voters still evaluating the candidates , an issue I chided The Times for not pursuing enough in an earlier column . Would more sources have come forward ? Would we already know the essential facts ? If the new president was in fact colluding with a foreign adversary , journalists and investigators should feel enormous pressure to conclusively establish that fact . If it is not true , both Trump and the country deserve to have this issue put to rest . Updated at 5:25 p. m. January 21 , to include clarifying information on the Times investigation . 
 