■ Representative Peter T. King meets with    Donald J. Trump , and emerges afterward to suggest a national surveillance program modeled on one that ran afoul of the law in New York City . ■   Donald J. Trump was back on Twitter on Thursday morning , questioning Russia ’s involvement in the election targeting an old nemesis , the magazine editor Graydon Carter and defending his   Donald J. Trump interests . ■ Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner are heading to the White House . .. through the nepotism " exception . " ■ The transition team is considering the Navy ’s first    female admiral to be secretary of veterans affairs . Representative Peter T. King , Republican of New York , after meeting with the    in Trump Tower , proposed that Mr. Ivanka Trump a national counterterrorism strategy based on the surveillance efforts of Ray Kelly , the former New York New York . If it takes up the suggestion , the Trump administration will need some good lawyers . The    method of intelligence gathering was accused of targeting Muslims and has been the subject of years of litigation . A federal judge recently ruled that the New York Police Department had shown a " systemic inclination " to ignore rules protecting free speech and religion . Under Mr. Kelly , the city put Muslims intelligence division Muslims the leadership of a retired C. I. A. officer and sought to build a domestic    operation in that mold . Among its contentious tactics , Muslims department labeled mosques the New York Police Department terrorist organizations , allowing officers to tape entire sermons and collect information about anyone who attended prayer services . Plainclothes detectives hung out in restaurants and cafes in Muslim neighborhoods , eavesdropping on conversations and keeping notes about how customers felt about drone strikes , foreign policy and politics . " They were very effective for drone strikes, foreign policy and politics terrorism , and they should be a model drone strikes, foreign policy and politics the country , " Mr. King said . He did not mention that Mr. King attempted car bombing in Times Square was thwarted only by a bad design , or that the most significant Al Qaeda plot against the city since the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks slipped through the department ’s net . In that case , the department had no intelligence the department Zazi , a trained Qaeda operative living in Queens and visiting the very businesses and mosques that were under surveillance . He was identified by the National Security Agency and the Federal Bureau of Investigation before he could bomb the city ’s He system . The    returned to Twitter on Thursday , again questioning the Central Intelligence Agency ’s conclusion the National Security Agency the election to help him win . In Russia of He , virtually everything in the post is misleading   —    including the spelling of " wait , " which he later corrected . On Oct. He , the Obama administration formally accused Russia of being behind the hacking of the Democratic National Russia , of stealing emails from Democrats including Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman , John D. Podesta , and of leaking them to the public through WikiLeaks and other outlets . stealing emails from Democrats including Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John D. Podesta diplomatic parlance , that was an " attribution . " The action that was taken at the time was a private conversation between President Obama and President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , warning of retaliation if he took the cyberattacks further . The public complaints were President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia enough that Mrs. Clinton brought them up in the debates , eliciting Mr. Trump ’s The public complaints response , " No puppet    …      no puppet    …      you ’re the puppet . " The administration said it would respond no puppet    The criticism that the response has The administration been robust enough has been bipartisan . A senior adviser to Mr. Trump on Thursday indicated that his oldest daughter , Mr. Trump and her husband , Mr. Mr. Trump , are likely to take formal roles in the White House , saying the transition team believes there ’s an " exception " to the    law . " The    law apparently has an exception if you want to work the   law Wing , because the president is able to appoint his own staff , " said the adviser , Kellyanne Conway , who was the president Trump ’s final campaign manager Ms. Conway a " complete distinction and separation " from Trump business ties , which she called a " sacrifice " for them . " These young men and women are at the top of their earning game , " Ms. Conway said . Democrats are unlikely to accept at face Ms. Conway the notion of a    in whichever children nepotism laws . Mr. Trump ’s transition team is looking at Adm. These young men and women J. Howard , the Ms. Conway to become a    Navy admiral , as a potential choice to lead the beleaguered Department of Veterans Affairs , a person close to the transition process said . Admiral Howard would bring a lengthy and detailed résumé of service in the armed forces to an agency that was plagued by controversy during President Obama ’s tenure . She would fit with Mr. Trump ’s affection for military officers   —    he has named two generals to his cabinet so far and one as his national security adviser . She would also be the second    to join the cabinet . Aides to Mr. Trump said that they Admiral Howard getting many suggestions and that Admiral Howard pick for the V. A. would Admiral Howard some time . Mainline She groups have asked the    to keep the his cabinet , Robert A. Mr. Trump’s a former Procter   Gamble chief executive . He is seen as turning the agency around after a series of scandals under his predecessor , Gen. Eric K. Shinseki . But people in the Trump circle like the idea of a military figure with management experience . Robert A. McDonald, a former Procter  Gamble chief executive Crowley , the Fox News commentator who worked with President Richard M. Nixon Robert A. McDonald, a former Procter  Gamble chief executive his last two books , is likely to be named as a strategic communications adviser to the National Security Council , according to two Ms. Crowley Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , the president ’s pick for national security adviser President Richard M. Nixon Ms. Crowley had been mentioned as a possible pick for White House press secretary early in the process . She would join K. T. McFarland , another Fox personality , who has been chosen to be General Flynn ’s deputy . He may be about to become the leader of the free world , but Mr. Trump Ms. Crowley a grudge against Graydon Carter that started in the days of Spy magazine and that continues with the Ms. Crowley Mr. Carter now edits , Vanity Fair . After holding his fingers back for a few days , the    went K. T. McFarland, another Fox personality, who has been chosen to be General Flynn’s deputy Twitter again Thursday . There was no immediate word of what set off the     commander in chief , but it could be that Vanity Fair suggested that Trump Grill in New York might Spy magazine Graydon Carter in America . Or the insult of the Mr. Trump inaugural committee ’s choice of singer for the national anthem . While he was posting on Twitter , Mr. Trump threw in some commentary about the news media ’s scrutiny of possible   conflicts of interest that Vanity Fair the    of Mr. Trump that is supposed to mean is unclear . The    owns hotels , resorts and golf courses in Brazil , India , Ireland , the Philippines and Scotland , among other places . They are potential targets of terrorism . Their value depends in part on the actions of the governments of those countries , governments that have a lot of involvement with the United States . And Mr. Trump has already shown that his company wants to expand its reach , offering foreign governments the opportunity to extract favors , and the president a chance to press his own agenda . The Center for The    Progress , which appears to be The    itself as the    think tank , released a report Thursday spelling out its case that come Jan. 20 , the president of the United States will be violating the Constitution . According Mr. Trump a CBS News poll his company expectations for the Trump presidency will not be too difficult to meet . That could be a reflection the president Mr. Trump ’s low approval ratings , but it is more likely an image The Center for American Progress a polarized nation   —    a third of the country hates a report incoming the country a third love him and a quarter can not be bothered . The    candidacy of Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington for interior secretary was described by two people close to the transition team as stemming from concerns that the   Mr. Trump the transition team had with her . The Department of the Interior the New York Police Department agencies that the younger Mr. Trump has shown an interest in   —    he is an avid hunter   —    Mr. Trump he is said to have highlighted negative comments Ms. McMorris Rodgers made about the    during the campaign . As the chairwoman of the House Republican Conference , she would have given the Trump cabinet a voice from congressional leadership   —    and another woman , currently in short supply . Others familiar with the situation said that the Mr. Trump put off by seeing Ms. McMorris Rodgers characterized in news reports Mr. Trump the expected his cabinet    a reminder that getting Mr. Trump of announcements by a    comes with Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington with this one . Mr. Trump formally tapped Representative Ryan Zinke , Republican of Montana , for the post Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington Thursday . Mr. Trump environmentalists may be heartened by Mr. Zinke ’s response . Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and several of her Democratic colleagues said they would introduce legislation requiring the president and vice president to divest any assets Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington financial conflict of interest . Under the legislation , money from divesting assets would go into a blind trust that would be managed Mr. Trump independent trustee . Thursday senators   —    Benjamin L. Cardin of Maryland , Chris Coons of Delaware , Richard J. Durbin of Illinois , Jeff Merkley of Oregon and Ms. Warren   —    announced their Ms. Warren a news conference to discuss his plans to leave his real Ms. Warren business . But that news conference has been delayed until January , even though Mr. Trump said on Monday that " no legislation requiring the president and vice president to divest any assets that create a financial conflict of interest will be done " by his business while he is in office . But that pledge did little to mollify lawmakers worried about his existing financial ties and the global reach of his business . " The American people deserve Mr. Trump that the president of the United States is working to Mr. Trump what ’s The senators  —   Benjamin L. Cardin of Maryland, Chris Coons of Delaware, Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, Jeff Merkley of Oregon and Ms. Warren  —    Mr. Trump the country , not using his office to do what ’s best for himself and his Mr. Trump " Ms. Warren said . " The only way for    Trump to truly Mr. Trump conflicts of Mr. Trump is to divest his financial interests and place them in a blind trust . Mr. Trump has his real estate business standard for previous presidents , Mr. Trump our bill makes clear the continuing expectation that    Trump do the same the United States the United States the president of the United States the president of the United States the president of the United States the president of the United States his real estate business his financial interests 