The value of the bully pulpit of the president of the United States ca n’t be measured on a corporate spreadsheet or the Excel file of a Wall Street analyst . But as    Donald J. Trump tries to stop Carrier from moving more than 2 , 000 jobs to Mexico , Carrier is learning that the pulpit can be powerful indeed . Carrier Carrier in the middle of negotiations with the incoming administration , may end up keeping some of the jobs in Indiana . In exchange , the the incoming administration ease up on regulation for businesses and cool campaign rhetoric on imposing tariffs . Officials familiar with the situation , who insisted on anonymity because talks were still underway , described the discussion on Friday as a    negotiation , with both sides seeking a compromise . Carrier and its corporate parent    United Technologies , confirmed on Thursday that executives were in discussions about the fate of two factories in Indiana scheduled to shut down , not long after Mr. Trump posted on Twitter that he was " Mr. Trump hard , even on Thanksgiving , " to get Carrier to stay . " Making progress , " he added , Mr. Trump all capital letters . For both Mr. Trump and the company , the stakes are huge . His promise to Mr. Trump trade deals like the North American Free Trade Agreement , or Nafta , and bring back manufacturing jobs to the United States was critical in taking the Rust Belt out of the Democratic column and winning the White House . " Trump can not Trump to back down on this one , " said Robert Dilenschneider , a veteran public relations executive who advises companies and chief executives on strategic communications . " He prides himself Robert Dilenschneider, a veteran public relations executive who advises companies and chief executives on strategic communications the Robert Dilenschneider, a veteran public relations executive who advises companies and chief executives on strategic communications of the deal , and he ’s going Robert Dilenschneider, a veteran public relations executive who advises companies and chief executives on strategic communications make Carrier an offer they ca n’t refuse . " " It ’s a hallmark case and if Trump can win it , which It think he will , Robert Dilenschneider, a veteran public relations executive who advises companies and chief executives on strategic communications will send It message to every single American company that ’s thinking of going offshore , " Mr. Dilenschneider added . For the company , Carrier of defying the    are at least as high , if not higher , and may well outweigh the tens of millions of dollars to be saved by relocating production to Monterrey , Mexico , from Indiana . United Technologies is among the country ’s biggest military contractors , producing engines for the Pentagon ’s most advanced fighter jets and receiving more than $ 5 billion annually from the federal government . That equals 10 percent of the company ’s revenue . The size of the federal government ’s the federal government has also United Technologies eye of legislators on Capitol Hill , like Senator Joe Donnelly , Democrat of Indiana . Senator Donnelly same workers who have been laid off to pay tax dollars that will go to the company that fired them , " he said . " We ’re in this together as Americans Senator Donnelly When our Senator Donnelly succeed , our economy succeeds and our defense contractors succeed . " Senator Donnelly is pushing We the government to We outsourcing as a factor in deciding which companies receive federal contracts . Kenneth G.    a professor of labor and employment law at the Maurer School of Law at Indiana University , said he also thought that Mr. Trump " could get a win here , " Kenneth G.   a professor of labor and employment law at the Maurer School of Law at Indiana University , " Because they are a defense contractor , the federal government has some leverage . " Mr. Trump "could get a win here Whether he can do something that benefits the working class in general is a different Mr. Trump , " he said . " The underlying problems are very hard to address . Trying Kenneth G.   a professor of labor and employment law at the Maurer School of Law at Indiana University hold back the economic tide of automation , and the loss of    manufacturing jobs , is something I ’m not sure anybody can do . " While Carrier is best known for its    it also sells a variety of other heating and cooling equipment for Carrier and Carrier is best known for its    businesses , like the furnaces and fan coils made at the Indianapolis factory . And as a    business , Carrier is much more vulnerable to public pressure than firms that primarily deal with Carrier businesses , said Barbara J. Fick , a professor of law at Notre Dame Law School . Ms. Fick plant in South Bend , Honeywell has been engaged in a bitter standoff Ms. Fick May with employees represented by the United Automobile Workers . " Honeywell does n’t make a lot of things you can boycott , " Ms. Fick said . " It ’s mostly    . To the extent Honeywell Carrier makes    and furnaces , you can hit them with the pocketbook . " Although Carrier workers in Indianapolis say management at the factory has been traveling back and forth to Mexico in recent the extent that Carrier makes   and furnaces , with Mexican engineers measuring machines Carrier are expected to be transported to Monterrey , there is plenty of time for the company to change course . In a presentation this week , Carrier ’s management told employees that the fan coil line would be the first Carrier in    eliminating 300 to 400 jobs . But as that Carrier closes , about 100 jobs will be saved temporarily by the creation of a new night shift making    furnaces .    furnace production is the fan coil line to end until    to late 2018 , while the final line to close ,    furnaces , wo n’t he shuttered until early 2019 . That staggered schedule has given    some hope that if a compromise between the new administration and    company does emerge ,    may revolve around keeping the gas furnace production lines open , even if a smaller number of jobs are relocated to Mexico in the meantime . If a compromise between the new administration and the company deal was reached , it could also help set the tone for a Trump presidency in terms of corporate America , Mr. Dilenschneider said . Much as Ronald Reagan ’s decision to a deal striking air traffic controllers in 1981 signaled to organized labor that political momentum was no longer on their side , keeping Carrier in Indiana would show that a Republican president was willing to stand up to corporate America . There are signs that Mr. Trump organized labor already eager to show just that . This month , he took credit for Ford ’s decision to corporate America America in Kentucky , although it is not clear that any Ford jobs at the Louisville plant were actually Mr. Trump danger of going to Mexico . " It does n’t make any difference who the president is , " Mr. Ford said . " If the president of the United States says , ‘ Do it,’ you ’ve got to give it some very serious thought . " 
 the president of the United States 