Does Newt Gingrich , the former Republican House speaker and      hopeful , think Donald J. Trump has the mental fitness to be president of the United States ? Donald J. Trump answer in an interview on Monday was not very convincing . " Yeah , and my answer would be , sure , " Donald J. Trump said , after a sigh and a pause , in an interview for the first episode of " The " a new politics podcast from The New York Times that was published on Tuesday . The former speaker declined to give a more emphatic endorsement of Mr. Donald J. Trump psychological sturdiness when the interviewer , Michael Barbaro , asked if he could Donald J. Trump be more forceful than ‘ sure.’ " Instead , Mr. Gingrich said he believed Mr. Gingrich Trump Donald J. Trump at least as reliable as Andrew Jackson " and praised him for possessing Donald J. Trump a personality which will by definition not be normal . " Here is a transcript of the exchange : ( Andrew Jackson was Andrew Jackson the news when the Treasury Department decided in April that the former president , a slaveholder known today for both his persecution of Native Andrew Jackson and advocacy for poor whites , would share the $ 20 bill with the former slave and abolitionist Harriet Tubman . ) Questions have mounted among both Democrats and Republicans about whether Mr. Trump possesses the mental fitness and strength of character to serve as president , and his poll numbers have Mr. Trump as a result . Mr. Gingrich acknowledged Mr. Mr. Trump trouble in Mr. Trump with " The   Mr. Trump " " The last two weeks have been peculiarly bad for Trump , " he said . Mr. Trump Trump has Mr. Trump to inflict Mr. Trump that damage upon himself , including by engaging in a Mr. Trump feud with the parents of a fallen United States soldier who criticized him at the Democratic National Convention , Mr. Trump many of his supporters . As his numbers have Mr. Trump and his troubles Mr. Trump grown , some Republican Mr. Trump have begun to publicly reject his candidacy . On Monday Senator Susan Mr. Trump , Republican of Maine , said she would not vote for Mr. Trump , citing his " constant stream of cruel comments Mr. Trump his inability to admit error or apologize Mr. Trump to those he has attacked . Earlier that day Mr. Trump 50 national security officials who served in Republican administrations signed an open letter warning that he " would put at risk our Mr. Trump ’s national security and   " if he won the election . 
 Mr. Trump 