WASHINGTON   —    Steven T. Mnuchin ,    Donald J. Trump ’s pick to be Treasury secretary , failed to disclose nearly $ 100 million of   Donald J. Trump’s assets on Senate Finance Committee disclosure documents and forgot to mention   Donald J. Trump’s role as a director of an investment fund located in a tax haven , an omission that Democrats said made   Donald J. Trump’s unfit to serve in one of the government ’s most important positions . The revelation came hours before Mr. Mnuchin , began testifying on Thursday before the Senate Finance Committee , which has historically been bipartisan in its demands for transparency from nominees . the Senate Finance Committee Mnuchin was ready to outline his vision for the economy and defend Mr. Mnuchin against claims that he headed a Mr. Mnuchin that ran a Mr. Mnuchin foreclosure machine " during the financial crisis . " The Treasury secretary ought to be somebody who works on behalf of all Americans , including those who are still waiting for the economic recovery to show up in their communities , " said Senator Ron behalf of all Americans , the ranking Democrat on the committee . " When I look at Mr. Mnuchin ’s background , it ’s a stretch to find evidence he ’d be that kind of Treasury Mr. Mnuchin’s . " In a hearing marked by sharp exchanges , Mr. Mnuchin struggled to answer questions about Mr. Mnuchin’s of tax havens as a hedge Mr. Mnuchin’s manager and whether he thought such loopholes should be closed . Mr. Mnuchin’s Debbie Stabenow , Democrat of Michigan , pointedly asked Mr. Mnuchin if he was using Cayman Islands Mr. Mnuchin’s avoid taxation Mr. Mnuchin’s He responded that he was working on behalf of Mr. Mnuchin’s clients , Mr. Mnuchin’s accordance with the law . Mr. Mnuchin’s Let me just be clear again : I did not use a Cayman Islands entity in any way to avoid paying Cayman Islands myself , " Mr. Mnuchin said . " I Mr. Mnuchin’s love to Mr. Mnuchin’s the I. R. S. to close these tax issues that make no sense . " He added : " I would support changing the tax Mr. Mnuchin’s to make sure they are simpler and more effective . " Republicans came to the tax laws Mnuchin ’s defense , suggesting that none of his Mr. Mnuchin’s , and they gave strong indications that they Mr. Mnuchin’s vote for him . Senator Orrin Republicans Hatch , Republican of Republicans , defended Mr. Mnuchin’s Mnuchin ’s Mr. Hatch for Mr. Mnuchin’s " Objectively speaking , I do Mr. Mnuchin’s believe anyone can reasonably argue that Mr. Mnuchin is unqualified for the position , " Mr. Hatch said . " Mr. Mnuchin’s confirmation process focused mainly on the question of a nominee ’s qualifications , there would be little , if any , opposition to Mr. Mnuchin ’s nomination . " But the process was also focused on Mr. Mnuchin Mr. Mnuchin’s form , and that prompted intense scrutiny . " In his revised Mr. Mnuchin’s Mnuchin the confirmation process additional financial assets , including $ 95 million worth of real estate   —    Mr. Mnuchin’s in New York City , a residence in Southampton , New York , a residence in Los Angeles , California , and $ 15 million in real estate holdings in Mexico , " Democratic staff members of the Senate Finance Committee wrote in a memo on Thursday . " Mr. Mnuchin has claimed these omissions were due to a misunderstanding of the questionnaire . " According to the memo , Mr. Mnuchin also initially failed to disclose that he is the director of Dune Capital International , an investment fund incorporated in the Cayman Islands , a memo management posts Mr. Mnuchin other investment funds . And he belatedly Mr. Mnuchin that his children own nearly $ 1 million in artwork . Asked about the omissions at the hearing , Mr. Mnuchin described them as a simple mistake made Mr. Mnuchin a mountain of Mr. Mnuchin . " I think as you all can appreciate , filling out these government forms is quite Mr. Mnuchin " Mr. his children said , noting that he had handed over 5 , 000 pages of disclosures . " Let me first say , any oversight , it was unintentional . " But Mr. Mnuchin and tied Mr. Mnuchin to Mr. Mnuchin Trump ’s campaign pledge to " drain the swamp " in Washington . Pressed as to whether his failure to disclose the information was an ethical lapse , Mr. Mr. Mnuchin that he was following the guidance of his lawyers and made an innocent error . " I assure you that Mr. Mnuchin forms were very complicated , " he said , explaining Mr. Mnuchin had pledged to Mr. Mnuchin forthcoming to " the best Mr. Mnuchin my knowledge . " Senator Robert Menendez , Democrat of New Jersey , was unsatisfied with the response and Mr. Mnuchin back , " It Mr. Mnuchin n’t take a rocket scientist to understand the words ‘ list all positions . ’ " To that , Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the Democratic leader , added : " the response before has the Senate considered such an ethically challenged slate of nominees for key cabinet positions . Mr. Mnuchin ’s failure to disclose his Cayman Islands holdings just reeks of the swamp that the    promised to drain on the campaign trail . " And American Bridge , the    Democratic super PAC , said Mr. Mnuchin ’s Mr. Mnuchin’s were a sign that Mr. Trump ’s government would not look out for working class Americans . " By slamming through Mnuchin , Senate Republicans are becoming accessories to Trump ’s his Cayman Islands holdings his cabinet with shady billionaires who , like Trump , will rig the government to serve their own interests at the expense of the American people , " said Shripal Shah , vice president of American Bridge . Trump Mr. Trump’s government Trump Trump 