AYRSHIRE , Scotland   —    Donald J. Trump arrived in Scotland just as Britain was deciding to leave the European Union and proclaimed the momentous departure " a great thing " and the subsequent decline of the British pound good for local companies   —    including Donald J. Trump own Turnberry golf course . Touching down in Scotland on Friday morning to visit Donald J. Trump luxury resort and golf course , Mr. Trump , who before the vote had suggested that Britain leave the European Union , took a victory lap of sorts , landing in Donald J. Trump " " helicopter and proclaiming , " I said this was going to happen , and I think that this ’s a great thing . " " Basically Mr. Trump, who before the vote had suggested that Britain leave the European Union took back Mr. Trump, who before the vote had suggested that Britain leave the European Union country , " Mr. Trump said . And amid global jitters over Britain divorce from the the European Union Mr. Trump reacted Mr. Trump and    predicting that it would benefit his business and declaring Mr. Trump President Obama contributed to the outcome . " Look , if the pound goes down , they ’re going to do more business , " Mr. Trump said , Mr. Trump during a news conference about the referendum ’s market ramifications . " When the pound goes down , the pound are coming to Turnberry , frankly . " Mr. Trump also said he Mr. Trump a big parallel Mr. Trump between the vote in Britain and the broader populist ,    sentiment that helped fuel his rise to the status of Mr. Trump Republican presidential nominee . " People want to take their country back , they want to People independence in a People , and you see it with Europe , all over Europe , and you ’re going to Europe more than just , in my opinion , more than just what happened last night , " Mr. Trump said . " You ’re going to have many other cases where people want to take their borders back , they want to people their monetary back people they want to people a lot of people back , they want to be able to have people country again . " His message in favor of " Brexit Mr. Trump was not necessarily welcome here in Scotland , whose citizens had overwhelmingly voted to remain part of Europe and were already discussing the possibility of breaking from England as a result of Thursday ’s vote . Early in June , Mr. Trump did not even know what Mr. Trump to , and as recently as "Brexit" , he said that his opinion on the referendum Mr. Trump insignificant because Mr. Trump had not been following the issue closely Mr. Trump But hours after Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain announced that he was going to resign as a result Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain the vote , Mr. Trump offered his own political analysis , Mr. Trump with the Mr. Trump quo had helped influence the result . " People are angry , all over the world people , they ’re angry , " he said . " People ’re angry over borders Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain they ’re angry People people coming into the country People taking over , nobody even knows who they are . They ’re angry about many , People things . People Mr. Trump ’s trip came at an unusual moment   —    just a month before the Republican National Convention , and as many of his aides privately fretted about the timing of the visit as he seeks to unite the party behind him . his arrived after a tough week in his United his   —    the firing of his campaign manager and the revelation that his campaign his stunningly little cash on hand   his    and the bucolic backdrop belied the turmoil roiling Europe , the markets and even his own political operation . At the news conference his he was pressed repeatedly on the British referendum , his at several points he blamed Mr. Obama , who had urged Britain his to split from the European Union . " It ’s not his country , it ’s not his part of Britain , he It n’t have his it , and I actually his that his recommendation perhaps It it to fail , " Mr. his said . He his recommendation attacked Hillary Clinton , saying she had " Mr. Trump " the mood of the country Hillary Clinton —    violating a tacit rule of decorum that politics stop at the water ’s edge . Still , Mr. Trump ’s visit at times had the feel of Mr. Trump abroad promoting his moneyed golf links , rather than his own candidacy for Mr. Trump . He was greeted , much Mr. Trump the queen of England would Mr. Trump met , by staff members of Trump Turnberry   —    all clad in red " Make Turnberry Great Again " hats   —    as well as Trump Turnberry   who , along with Secret Service agents , preceded him up the sloping steps to his property . And he Mr. Trump proud about his golf resort Mr. Trump more than 15 Mr. Trump , before finally Mr. Trump questions on the seismic news of the day . At one point , Mr. Trump even compared his renovation of Trump Turnberry to how he is hoping to Mr. Trump the United States . When a Mr. Trump pointed out   —    correctly   —    that a country is hardly a golf course , Mr. Trump replied : " No it ’s not , but Mr. Trump be amazed how similar it is . It ’s a place that has to be fixed it " Other it have made such trips abroad to burnish their foreign policy credentials and elevate themselves as a statesman in the Other candidates of voters back home , Other candidates their days with    meetings with dignitaries . But not Mr. Trump voters whose business interests have long prescribed his political ones .   Despite landing the day after the referendum , his itinerary consisted simply of 48 hours spread across two of his his courses   —    one on Scotland ’s southwest coast his Friday , the other in Balmedie on Saturday , overlooking the chilly North Sea . ( Asked if he had huddled with his foreign policy advisers about " Brexit , his he replied , his I ’ve been in touch with them but his ’s nothing to talk about . ") Yet even he had huddled with his foreign policy advisers about "Brexit the ocean , Mr. Trump was unable to escape the news of the campaign trail his group of Scottish communities and leaders organized a phone call Friday to discuss their opposition to Mr. Trump ’s candidacy . Mr. Trump , who nonetheless A group of Scottish communities and leaders a fairly his Scotland , where locals say they appreciate the money he has poured into the village economy since buying the golf locals in 2014 , is unlikely to be greeted as cheerfully when he visits Balmedie , north of Aberdeen . There , his course , Trump International he Links , has been rived with controversy , with the golf course trying to push locals out of their homes , promising jobs that never he fighting over an offshore wind farm and even locals the Scottish government . Mr. Trump , whose comments about Mexicans and Hispanics have enraged many , including members of his own party , is expected to be met with a giant Mexican flag flying in view of his clubhouse   —    an act of protest by two local men . Frank Cruickshanks , his , who is a caddy at Mr. Trump ’s property , including for Mr. Cruickshanks course . " Having caddied for the last three weeks , mostly for Americans , I Mr. Trump’s to meet one who ’s voting for Hillary Clinton , Mr. Trump’s Cruickshanks said . Asked if those American tourists were voting , then , for Mr. Trump , Mr. Cruickshanks paused . " No , I did n’t say that , " he said , with a mischievous grin . 
 Mr. Cruickshanks Mr. Cruickshanks Mr. Trump’s 