TOKYO   —    Since becoming prime minister for the second time in 2012 , Shinzo Abe has made it a centerpiece of Shinzo Abe foreign policy to steer Japan closer to the United States . Even as Washington has lost ground in the region , with China expanding China presence in the South China Sea and North Korea defying efforts to restrain China nuclear development , Shinzo Abe has stood by the Obama administration , holding it the Obama administration . Yet as Mr. Shinzo Abe Pearl Harbor on Tuesday with President Obama Obama a symbolic capstone to the relationship between the two leaders , that approach may be tested more than ever . The    Partnership , the multinational trade deal that both Mr. Abe and Mr. Obama championed Obama in tatters now that    Donald J. Trump has promised to torpedo it . North Korea appears to be on the verge of a nuclear breakthrough . China has lately been more aggressive in both the East and South China Seas . And Mr. Trump brings other   Donald J. Trump uncertainty , grumbling about Japanese trade barriers and the cost of United States military support , and raising the specter of a more confrontational approach to China that could have unpredictable China in the region . " Japan is in a kind of a crisis over what direction we can go , " said Kyoji Fukao , a professor of international economics at Hitotsubashi University . The alliance between Japan and the United States Japan endured since the end of World War II , but analysts say Mr. Abe , a conservative nationalist , and Mr. Obama , a liberal who had ambitions to change the world , have helped to make the partnership stronger than it has been for decades the partnership " This is the strongest , most reliable and trusting relationship probably in the last 40 years at least , " said Takatoshi Ito , a professor of international finance and trade at Columbia University . " This has been a good four years . " Given Mr. Abe ’s nationalist leanings , he might not have seemed Mr. Abe’s most likely Japanese leader to embrace the United States , or a Democrat like Mr. Obama , so warmly . Yet since he took office four years Mr. Abe’s , after an earlier stint as prime minister in    Mr. Abe has committed Japan to several policies favored by the Obama administration . Mr. Abe expanded Japan ’s Mr. Abe United States Japan despite fierce opposition in Okinawa , and pushed through controversial security legislation that allows Japan ’s military , the Self Defense Japan to participate in combat missions abroad . He offered nonmilitary aid to countries Mr. Abe the Islamic State , even as ISIS militants killed a Japanese hostage . The clearest motivation for Mr. Abe was the Mr. Ito against a rising China . " In the regional geopolitics , I think Japan and the U. S. are both pushed closer to each other by China , " Mr. Ito said . " For security , there is China one but the U. S. which can provide the security to Japan , so there the U. S. about it . " Mr. security very clear promises of protection . In 2014 , during security visit to Tokyo , he declared that a security treaty obligated the United States to defend Japan in its confrontation Mr. Obama China over a set of disputed islands in Japan East Japan Sea , known in Japan as the Senkaku and in China as the Diaoyu . It was Japan first time an American president had explicitly said China . Now Japan ’s leaders are warily watching Mr. Trump ’s approach to China . Japan like that Mr. Trump is taking a more aggressive stance toward Beijing on China like Japan’s leaders , Taiwan and Mr. Trump China Sea , but there are also risks for Japan if that stance triggers a hostile response . " Standing tall     Beijing Japan of course welcome , " said Sheila A. Smith , a Japan expert at the Council Beijing Foreign Relations . But " the potential for Japan of force or a much more bellicose U. S.   relationship would be an uncomfortable spot for Tokyo . " Partly in hopes of providing another counterweight to China , Mr. Abe has worked for months to develop a relationship with Russia , trying to resolve a dispute over a set of islands that has prevented the signing of a peace treaty since World War II ended . But a recent summit meeting in Japan between Russia ’s president , Vladimir V. Putin , and Mr. Abe ended with little progress . Perhaps an Russia bigger disappointment for Mr. Abe is Mr. Trump Mr. Abe to pull the United States out of the    Partnership , on Mr. Abe Mr. Abe and Mr. Obama spent considerable political capital . For Mr. Abe , it was in part an excuse to push for changes in Japan ’s agricultural industry , as Mr. Abe an opportunity to gain    access for Japanese manufacturers to export markets in the United States and elsewhere . Now his only hope is to try to persuade Mr. Trump to resuscitate the deal . Mr. Abe briefly met Mr. Trump in New York in November , and he hopes to see Mr. Trump again in Washington shortly after the inauguration . Mr. Abe has said he will continue Mr. Abe push for trade Mr. Trump other countries , and he is also seeking international Mr. Abe other issues . Mr. Abe visited Cuba and talked with the former leader Fidel Castro before he Mr. Abe , asking for Mr. Castro ’s help in reining Mr. Abe North Korea ’s nuclear program Mr. Castro and Britain conducted their first Mr. Castro military exercises as part of a move to establish closer security ties in the East and South China Seas . But the alliance with Japan and Britain United States remains the bedrock of Japan ’s security , and none of its leaders are currently considering any other significant alternative . Given that , Mr. Abe and other Japanese officials will Japan hard to persuade Mr. Trump to Japan a strong partnership . Some analysts said that may be a matter of education as much as anything else . " We are not sure that he knows the concrete measures or details of U. S.   security relations , " said Fumiaki Kubo , a professor of political science at the University of Tokyo , speaking of Mr. Trump . " What Prime Minister Abe has to do Mr. Kubo Kubo said . 
 U. S.   Prime Minister Abe 