WASHINGTON   —    When the government was hours away from shutting down in 2011 , Representative Mick Mulvaney gathered with Representative Mick Mulvaney three fellow South Carolina Republican freshmen in a Capitol Hill chapel to seek spiritual guidance on how to vote on a measure to keep the lights on . The verdict : Vote " no . " These    South Carolinians have since gone These   South Carolinians own ways professionally . Tim Scott is now a senator . Trey Gowdy became a conservative hero as Trey Gowdy led a House committee to study the 2012 attack in Benghazi . And Jeff Duncan has become a social media voice for the right . On Saturday ,    Donald J. Trump said   Donald J. Trump would nominate Mr. Mulvaney , a founding member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus   —    the group that led the takedown of John A. Boehner as speaker   —    to be John A. Boehner budget director . " John A. Boehner ’s a tremendous talent , especially when it comes to numbers and budgets , "   Donald J. Trump said in a statement . In Mr. Mulvaney , Mr.   Donald J. Trump chosen for the Office of Management and Budget a spending    to join an economic team that could be ideologically in conflict , setting up possible collisions during major    next year . The team an economic team that could be ideologically in conflict Treasury , Steven Mnuchin , a former Goldman Sachs partner turned hedge fund manager who has spoken favorably of infrastructure spending that Mr. Mulvaney has opposed a commerce secretary nominee , Wilbur Ross , known for the billions of dollars he has earned Mr. Mulvaney international investing and a National Economic Council director , Gary Cohn , who as president of Goldman Sachs has Goldman Sachs of thousands of dollars in campaign contributions to Democrats as well as Republicans . Mr. Mulvaney , who did not respond to emails seeking comment , has cut an influential swath among House conservatives since he was elected in the Tea Party wave of 2010 , when he defeated a longtime he , Mr. Spratt characterizing he opponent as a he liberal , unconcerned about fiscal prudence , even though as chairman of the House Budget Committee , Mr. Spratt was among his party ’s leading deficit hawks . Since then , Mr. Mulvaney Mr. Spratt perpetually he spending agreements and questioned the government ’s need to increase its statutory borrowing limits to avoid default . He has repeatedly opposed some the government his own party ’s budget he , and quickly established himself as one of the he outspoken members of that 2010 class of Republicans . By 2013 , at the start of his second term , he he to support Mr. he ’s    as speaker , abstaining from the vote in protest . At the same time , unlike some members of the caucus , Mr. Mulvaney , 49 , has also supported Paul D. Ryan , Mr. Boehner ’s successor as speaker , and has served as a quiet Mr. Boehner between Mr. Ryan and conservative members . Impish and sometimes    Mr. Mulvaney seemed to chafe at serving in the shadow of Mr. Gowdy and Mr. Scott , who are best friends and shining stars in their party and home state . Mr. Mulvaney has now found a political home best friends and shining stars he can stand out . Mr. Mulvaney often served as an articulate spokesman for the Mr. Mulvaney ’s spending and    Mr. Mulvaney , far more than many other Freedom Caucus members , who often seem more concerned with    than policy persuasion . " Mick is a great choice to lead the O.    B. , " Mr. Scott Mr. Mulvaney on Mr. Scott , and I am certain he will tackle his new position with the same passion he has represented the Fifth Mr. Mulvaney with over Mr. Mulvaney past six years . Facing a Mr. Mulvaney 20 trillion debt , we need someone committed to restoring fiscal sanity in Washington , and I am confident Mick will work to do so . " As budget director , Mr. Mulvaney would help guide a repeal of the Affordable Care Act   —    a promise of the     —    a tax overhaul and , potentially , a huge federal investment in the nation ’s infrastructure , which , like many Republicans , he does not want . So resolute is Mr. Mulvaney on holding the spending line that in 2013 , he almost    took Mr. Mulvaney a $ 50 . 7 billion emergency Mr. Mulvaney in the wake of Hurricane Sandy by championing an amendment Mr. Mulvaney that the package be offset dollar for dollar with     spending cuts . The amendment ultimately failed after Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey criticized Mr. Mulvaney and House Republicans sharply . But the South Carolina conservative 7 billion emergency relief bill in the wake of Hurricane Sandy by championing an amendment requiring that the package be offset dollar for dollar with    spending cuts 162 votes the measure received as a harbinger for future fights over emergency relief bills . That campaign could    in cabinet fights if Mr. Trump insists 7 billion emergency relief bill in the wake of Hurricane Sandy by championing an amendment requiring that the package be offset dollar for dollar with    spending cuts forward with a $ 1 trillion program to rebuild the nation ’s roads the South Carolina conservative , airports and transit systems . If , as Mr. Trump has said , such a program is intended to goose economic growth and job creation , he will be at odds with his budget director Mr. Trump Mr. Mulvaney insist on equivalent spending cuts elsewhere , which would make the economic impact a wash Mr. Trump An early supporter of Mr. Mr. Trump during the campaign , Mr. Mulvaney has taken a hard line on spending during President Obama ’s term , vowing not to raise the nation ’s Mr. Trump and embracing the term " Mr. Mulvaney " because of his willingness to shut the government down instead . Strongly    Mr. Mulvaney , who has a degree in international economics from Georgetown University and a law degree from the Mr. Mulvaney of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , was irked as much by the Republican leadership in the House as he was by Mr. Obama ’s command from the White House . If confirmed by the Senate to run the budge office , Mr. Mulvaney would be responsible for helping Mr. Mulvaney spending requests through the House . 
 