Ms. Trump said Monday that he had informed several Ms. Trump organizations , including The Daily Mail , that they could face legal several news organizations, including The Daily Mail for publishing articles that Ms. Trump contended were defamatory . In an email , the lawyer , Charles Ms. Trump , the wife of Donald J. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , " has placed several news organizations on notice of her legal claims against them , including Daily Mail Ms. Trump others , for several news organizations false and defamatory statements about her supposedly having been an ‘ escort’ in the Ms. Trump . " " All such statements are 100 percent false , highly damaging to her reputation , and personally hurtful , " Mr. Ms. Trump added . " She understands that news media have certain leeway in Ms. Trump presidential campaign , but outright lying about her in this way exceeds all bounds of appropriate Ms. Trump reporting and human decency . " He said no suit had been filed , but added , " That may change . " The Daily Mail , a British tabloid , did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Mr. Harder represented the former professional wrestler Hulk Hogan Mr. Harder     lawsuit against Gawker Media that ultimately resulted in Gawker ’s filing for bankruptcy . Peter Thiel , the billionaire Silicon Valley entrepreneur who spoke in July at the Republican National Convention , acknowledged in May that he had secretly funded the Hogan case and others against Gawker . Among the news the former professional wrestler Hulk Hogan in the    lawsuit against Gawker Media that ultimately resulted in Gawker that Mr. Harder said Gawker been sent notices were Inquisitr ( which apologized to Ms. Trump and retracted an article about her that was published within the last week ) Politico Ms. Trump Liberal America . Politico declined to comment . Reached by telephone , Tiffany Politico , the founder and editor in chief of Liberal America , said her publication received an emailed letter Liberal America Harder . Ms. Trump the email , a copy of which is posted on the publication ’s website , Mr. Harder listed several statements he her publication and demanded that the Mr. Harder immediately and permanently remove Mr. Harder of these statements from the her publication and print a full and complete retraction and apology , with as prominent placement as the original story . " " Failure to do so , " Mr. Harder added , " will leave my client with no alternative but to institute Mr. Harder proceedings against you and , should that occur , she would pursue all available causes of action and seek all available legal remedies to the Mr. Harder extent permitted by law . " 
 