Megyn Kelly ’s new office at NBC News sits a block north of NBC News headquarters in Midtown Manhattan . But it might as well be a world away . In switching networks at a pivotal point in Megyn Kelly career , Ms. Kelly , the No .    personality in cable television news , is taking a calculated risk that Megyn Kelly can swap Megyn Kelly dedicated Fox audience for the broader , but more fickle , viewership of network television . There are challenges from the   . Megyn Kelly splashy arrival has the potential to fray nerves among the big personalities at the network   —    who already compete against one another for interviews and scoops . Ms. Kelly , 46 , will also be taking on a daytime talk show format that has been a virtual graveyard for television news personalities in the last 10 years . And the new Sunday newsmagazine show that NBC plans to build around Ms. Kelly will go up against a giant that has not been meaningfully challenged for decades : " 60 Minutes " on CBS . Still , Ms. Ms. Kelly a bona fide star with a    book and a breakout role in this year ’s presidential campaign , when she clashed Ms. Kelly Donald J. Trump . NBC News comes out the winner in one of the most closely watched talent sweepstakes in years , acquiring one of television ’s biggest names who could play a role in any number of major network events , like coverage of elections or the Olympics . Interviews on Tuesday with network executives and producers   —    from Fox , NBC and other rival channels   —    suggest that Ms. Kelly ’s performance at NBC will NBC as closely watched in the industry as her past Ms. Kelly months of contract negotiations . Ms. Kelly Ms. Kelly to design her daytime talk Ms. Kelly from scratch . Even though she made her Ms. Kelly as Ms. Kelly news anchor , she has argued Ms. Kelly she is not Ms. Kelly with politics . When she hosted a Ms. Kelly special on Fox in May   —    her first major Ms. Kelly outside cable news   —    she expressed a Ms. Kelly to combine the qualities of Oprah Winfrey , Barbara Walters and Charlie Rose . That special   —    which featured interviews with Mr. Trump , the celebrity lawyer Robert Shapiro and the actress Laverne Cox   —    received middling reviews . It was far from a ratings hit : Among adults younger than 50 , the demographic most important to broadcasters , Ms. Kelly ’s special performed about as well as ABC ’s " Beyond the Tank , " a    spinoff . A daily daytime talk show also poses risks .    talent like Jane Pauley , Meredith Vieira , Katie Couric and Anderson Cooper have taken a stab at the genre in the past , and each one failed . In Ms. Pauley ’s Jane Pauley NBC invested millions of dollars , but the show was A daily daytime talk show 2005 after just one year . NBC said on Tuesday that NBC Kelly ’s show was expected to A daily daytime talk show closer to a news program than the typical daytime talk show , although it is unclear what exactly that will mean or how much appetite there is for news amid a landscape including shows like " Days of Our Lives , " " The Ellen DeGeneres Show " and " Steve Harvey . " The audience for daytime television is also significantly more diverse than Fox ’s    viewership . Starting a Sunday rival to " 60 Minutes , " the    among newsmagazines , is likewise no easy task . " Rock Center , " which Brian Williams hosted , lasted two seasons . NBC ’s most recent newsmagazine , " On Assignment , " ran     against " 60 Minutes " over five weeks the show averaged about four NBC , compared with more than nine million for " 60 Minutes , " which broadcast two repeats during that time . ( This season , " 60 Minutes " is averaging more than 14 million viewers . ) It is also unclear how NBC will accommodate Ms. Kelly ’s NBC during the National Football League season , when NBC ’s popular " Sunday Night NBC " package includes a highly rated pregame show that begins at 7 p. m. Eastern . But Andrew Lack , NBC News ’s chairman , has long had newsmagazines in his blood . In addition to ’s chairman a " 60 Minutes " competitor on CBS in the 1980s , Mr. Lack presided over NBC in Andrew Lack when newsmagazines , including the network ’s popular " Dateline , " dominated    lineups . Fox , meanwhile , must now set ’s chairman course without one of its biggest names , as the network a course to recalibrate itself after the network of its chairman , the network Ailes . Ms. Kelly the network exit from Fox News was so abrupt that it was announced on the day that the exit from Fox News had run a    ad in the network Street Journal trumpeting the ratings of its    lineup , with Ms. Kelly prominently pictured The Wall Street Journal Her departure stunned the Fox newsroom , where journalists Ms. Kelly executives spent Tuesday afternoon speculating over which anchor might replace Ms. Kelly in the coveted 9 p. m. slot Ms. Kelly prominently pictured    and wondering if Ms. Kelly would even appear that night . When Greta Ms. Kelly prominently pictured , another veteran anchor , announced her departure in September , network representatives visited her home to Ms. Kelly prominently pictured her not to bother coming in . Ms. Kelly prominently pictured the end , Ms. Kelly prominently pictured Kelly was granted a chance to bid farewell to Fox Ms. Kelly prominently pictured   —    her last show is Friday . It is not clear who will Ms. Kelly prominently pictured her . Fox News has never had an      lineup . Potential Ms. Kelly prominently pictured being Fox News the network on Tuesday include four women who have regularly filled in for Ms. Kelly : Sandra Smith , a host of Fox ’s noon show , " Outnumbered " Trish Regan , a rising star at Fox Business Network Shannon Bream , who covers the Supreme Court and Martha MacCallum , a morning anchor . Kimberly Guilfoyle , a host of " The Five " who is friendly with Mr. Trump ’s circle , and Tucker Carlson , who has put up high ratings since taking over Fox News ’s 7 p. m. slot , have also been suggested . Sean Hannity , whose viewership at 10 p. m. increased enormously in 2016 and has spiked since Election Day , could be moved up an hour , but his momentum in his time slot may make Fox executives reluctant to make Sean Hannity, whose viewership at 10 p. m. increased enormously in 2016 and has spiked since Election Day switch . Sean Hannity, whose viewership at 10 p. m. increased enormously in 2016 and has spiked since Election Day winner in the sweepstakes Sean Hannity, whose viewership at 10 p. m. increased enormously in 2016 and has spiked since Election Day Ms. Kelly could be CNN , even though it did not succeed in recruiting her . CNN , while still behind CNN News in total viewers by Ms. Kelly wide CNN , has occasionally beaten Fox among viewers 25 to 54 , the demographic that determines advertising rates Sean Hannity, whose viewership at 10 p. m. increased enormously in 2016 and has spiked since Election Day In 2016 , CNN finished within 58 , 000 viewers of Fox in prime time in CNN demographic   —    cutting Fox ’s Sean Hannity, whose viewership at 10 p. m. increased enormously in 2016 and has spiked since Election Day in half . Since the election , Fox has regained Sean Hannity, whose viewership at 10 p. m. increased enormously in 2016 and has spiked since Election Day sizable lead , but now , without spending a Sean Hannity, whose viewership at 10 p. m. increased enormously in 2016 and has spiked since Election Day , CNN will now have an opportunity to take another run at Fox ’s CNN advantage . 
 Sean Hannity, whose viewership at 10 p. m. increased enormously in 2016 and has spiked since Election Day 