It is difficult to surprise at New York City ’s pride parade   —    that pulsing kaleidoscope of pink unicorn horns and rainbow undergarments , bejeweled miniature dogs and    revelers who seemed to have misplaced their shoes . But around 1:45 p. m. Sunday , beneath a virtually cloudless sky , something was afoot on Christopher Street . Lights flashed . Officers stirred . Sirens pierced the Cher soundtrack wafting over Greenwich Village . Soon , a van door opened . " Hillaryyyyyyyyy ! " someone hollered from the sidewalk . And so began a very    chase along Greenwich Village ’s foremost corridor of gay rights . For four blocks or so   —    beginning steps from the Stonewall Inn , the nexus of the modern gay rights movement   —    Hillary Clinton led a mayor , a governor , a phalanx of aides , a crush of reporters and several beleaguered security personnel on a    stroll . It was an unannounced appearance for Mrs. Clinton , the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee , two weeks after the massacre at Pulse , a gay nightclub in Orlando . The tragedy colored the proceedings across several floats and marching groups , lurking like an unwelcome guest . Some attendees dressed in white , with the names and faces of victims displayed on placards hanging from their necks . " We Some attendees dressed in white, with the names and faces of victims displayed on placards hanging from their necks Orlando Orlando " a sign read . " One Pulse , " said another . Mrs. Clinton did not speak at the event , smiling and waving and occasionally venturing to the police barricades to shake hands . But her Mrs. Clinton resonated , attendees said , communicating a measure of solidarity in a wrenching moment . " It was a nonverbal confirmation of her Mrs. Clinton , " said Micah Feinberg , 35 . Women with rainbow leis around their necks reached for her Mrs. Clinton Residents overhead pointed cellphones from their open windows . A large rainbow flag flapped against a fire escape . " She Mrs. Clinton right here , " a woman said , to no one in particular . " Right here . " When Mrs. Clinton , moving west , reached Bleecker Street , a group rained confetti from a rooftop . " The next president of the United States ! " shouted a man with a microphone . " Make some   . " Mrs. Mrs. Clinton toward another guest in a rainbow    bathing suit . Moments later , as a " Hillary " chant began to build , she stopped Mrs. Clinton acknowledge the crowd . Throughout the walk , she was Mrs. Clinton by a horde of dignitaries eager to share in her spotlight Mrs. Clinton These included a horde of dignitaries eager to share in her spotlight Andrew M. Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio , who remain engaged in a protracted feud , and the Rev. Al Sharpton , who quickly positioned himself beside Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton care not to relinquish his perch . himself about 2 p. m. Mrs. Clinton was Mrs. Clinton a waiting vehicle , waving once more before heading for a flight to Indiana . ( In a speech there hours later , she addressed Britain ’s Mrs. Clinton to leave the European Union , arguing it reaffirmed the need the European Union " steady , experienced leadership " in the presidential race . ) Paradegoers remained tickled by her    cameo . Paradegoers I saw her and was completely Paradegoers , " said Kelsey Roberts , 28 , an engineer who said Mrs. Clinton was an Mrs. Clinton her in a    field Paradegoers Mrs. Clinton has marched in Mrs. Clinton before , participating as far back as 2000 during her run for the United States Mrs. Clinton . Her appearance on Sunday came as Mrs. Clinton Republican opponent , Donald J. Mr. Trump Orlando shooting , Mr. Trump has said he is the candidate most able to keep gay and lesbian Americans safe from hate crimes . While Mrs. Clinton remains likely to command the vast majority of support from gay Mr. Trump , she has had a complicated history with gay rights . As secretary of state , she focused often on international gay rights , urging countries to accept gays and lesbians during Mrs. Clinton 2011 speech in Geneva . She has since denounced Russia ’s treatment of lesbians Mrs. Clinton gay men , bisexuals and transgender people , and in March 2013 , she endorsed    marriage both " personally and Mrs. Clinton a matter of policy and law . " But while much of Mrs. Clinton ’s donor base includes gay and lesbian supporters Mrs. Clinton some have questioned the deliberate pace of her evolution . There are also old wounds from her husband ’s administration , which enacted the military policy of " Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell " and the Mrs. Clinton of Marriage Act barring federal recognition of    Mrs. Clinton . Mrs. Clinton inspired fresh criticism this year after the death of Nancy Reagan , mistakenly praising Mrs. Reagan ’s "   advocacy " concerning H. I. V.   despite the Reagans’ Mrs. Clinton silence on the disease . Mrs. Clinton quickly apologized . The crowd on Sunday included a handful of skeptics . " She did it strictly so that we would relate the image of her with the image Mrs. Clinton , " said Lexi Avidani , 24 , from Long Island . " And she Mrs. Clinton n’t support it . " Most , though , were more Mrs. Clinton . Wearing a shirt that read , " SPOILER ALERT : HILLARY WINS , " Matt McDermott , 26 Mrs. Clinton marveled at the progress of gay civil rights . " A year ago , we passed marriage equality in the Supreme Court , and a year later , a major party nominee is walking in the pride parade in New York , " he said . " HILLARY WINS," Matt McDermott, 26, marveled at the progress of gay civil rights things change quickly . " Loretta Tassotti , 55 , said Mrs. Clinton ’s gesture demonstrated that she was " not afraid . " " This is not a major party nominee Trump kind of party , " she added . Ms. Roberts , the engineer , suggested the significance ran deeper . Mrs. Clinton’s Orlando victims were so young , she said , that it was essential for presidential candidates to Mrs. Clinton’s in the grief . Ms. Roberts looked out again on the parade route , where a collection of mourners drew near Mrs. Clinton’s She reconsidered the question of Mrs. Clinton ’s appearance . " How could you not Mrs. Clinton’s " she asked . 
 Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton’s 