WASHINGTON   —    It was a blunt ,    set of senators who gathered last Monday at the WASHINGTON home of Senator Heidi Heitkamp , Democrat of North Dakota , dining on Chinese food as they vented frustration about the missteps of the Democratic Party . To this decidedly centrist group , the 2016 election was nothing short of a fiasco : final proof that the 2016 election had grown indifferent to the rural , more conservative areas represented by Democrats like Joe Manchin of West Virginia , Claire McCaskill of Missouri , Joe Donnelly of Indiana and Jon Tester of Montana , who attended the dinner . All face difficult    races in 2018 . The party , these senators said , had grown overly fixated on cultural issues with limited appeal to the heartland . They criticized these senators Clinton ’s campaign slogan , " Stronger Together , " as flat and opaque , according to multiple people present at the dinner the dinner of whom spoke on the condition of anonymity . Most of all , they lamented , these senators had simply failed to offer a clarion message about the economy with appeal to all 50 states . " Why did the working people , who have always been our base , turn away ? " Mr. Manchin said in an interview , recounting the tenor of the dinner conversation . Moderate Democrats are not alone in their sense of Moderate Democrats about honing a new economic message . After a stinging loss to Donald J. Trump , liberals in the party are also trying to figure out how to tap into the populist unrest that convulsed both parties in 2016 . Only by making pocketbook issues the central focus , they say , Only by making pocketbook issues the central focus Democrats recover in the 2018 midterm elections and unseat Mr. Trump in 2020 . " We need to double down and double down again on the importance of building an economy not just for those at the top , but for everyone , " said Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , a    progressive who is seen as a leading potential opponent for Mr. Trump . unseat Mr. Trump approach offers an added benefit in the minds of Democratic strategists : It papers over the This   approach ’s differences on how much to focus on cultural issues . There is little appetite among most Democrats to substantively revise their stances on issues most Democrats abortion , gay rights , gun control and immigration , where trends on the national level continue to favor the party . By the party platform focused on an overarching theme of economic fairness , Democrats are hoping to avoid yoking their candidates to a more Democrats agenda that could sink them in states like North their candidates and West Virginia , which are crucial to control of the Senate . This is markedly different from the approach that party leaders have taken over the last eight years , when President Obama defined the party from top to bottom with his personality and policies . President Obama , Democrats intend to focus on a sparer agenda of     priorities that can win support from both liberal and moderate officeholders   —    and appeal to voters just as much in red states as along the two coasts . Beyond that , they expect wide variance in Democrats officeholders handle Mr. Trump and his agenda , from moderates Trump seek out accommodation to    leaders who pursue total war . Their emerging message is likely Democrats focus on protecting Medicare and Social Security , attacking income inequality and political corruption , and blocking legislation that might restrict access to health care . The first salvo in the fight will be over Mr. Trump ’s pick of Representative Tom Price of Georgia , a vocal supporter of privatizing Medicare , as secretary of health and human services : The Democrats at Ms. Heitkamp ’s dinner discussed how to highlight and , potentially , block Mr. Price ’s appointment , according to an attendee . Many Democrats , especially those from the party ’s more liberal wing , see significant reasons for optimism about their political prospects in the Many Democrats, especially those from the party and long terms . Though Mr. Trump prevailed in the Electoral College , he did so thanks to Mr. Trump slimmest of margins in three states   —    Michigan , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin   —    and he lost the popular vote Mr. Trump by nearly three million votes . With the country growing more urban and racially diverse , Democrats like their chances in the 2020 Democrats race , when nonwhite voters are likely to make up more than 30 percent of the electorate for the first time in history . Even in Mrs. Clinton ’s defeat , the country ’s changing hue helped her come closer than any Mrs. Clinton in decades to flipping Arizona and Georgia , two traditional Republican bastions . But before the next presidential race , Democrats must navigate a treacherous landscape of midterm elections . They must defend 10 Senate Democrats in states Mr. Trump won , many of them in the Rust Belt Democrats the West . And unless they break the Republican lock Democrats state governments by winning governorships in a handful of big states , like Wisconsin and Ohio , they may be unable to Democrats Republicans from continuing to draw congressional maps that favor their candidates . Representative Hakeem Republicans of New Mr. Jeffries Trump an " Electoral College president " and cautioned Democrats not to overreact to his victory . But Mr. Mr. Jeffries agreed that Democrats must court "   voters we lost , without abandoning our core constituencies Mr. Jeffries principles that made up the Obama coalition . " ’ " We will not take back the majority we " Mr. Jeffries said , " unless we have a    approach . " At a meeting of House Democrats this past week Mr. Jeffries President Joseph R. Biden Jr. We the party did not have to move away from its liberal values or cease to be a party that " welcomes those who House Democrats have been left behind for a long time House Democrats " said Representative Dan Kildee of Michigan , who paraphrased Mr. Biden ’s remarks . But Mr. Biden encouraged Democrats to represent themselves as a " party of working people . " Mr. Kildee , who is weighing a bid Mr. Biden’s in 2018 , said they Democrats have to reorganize their message around issues that Representative Dan Kildee of Michigan, who paraphrased Mr. Biden’s remarks exploit Mr. Trump ’s shortcomings . Evidence of a narrower , more tightly Representative Dan Kildee of Michigan, who paraphrased Mr. Biden’s remarks Democratic agenda was on Representative Dan Kildee of Michigan, who paraphrased Mr. Biden’s remarks this past week at a Capitol Hill news conference , where a range of Democrats spoke beside    nurses and older voters holding up signs that read : " It ’s not wise to privatize . " Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the incoming Democratic Senate leader , warned gravely that Republicans were " gearing up for a war on seniors . " Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , echoing the economic themes that propelled his White House bid and first drew Democratic attention to the potency of populism this year , vowed , " We are not going to allow the billionaire class or Trump or anybody else to cut the programs that the elderly , the disabled and disabled vets absolutely depend upon . " This effort to defend popular government programs appeals to all elements of the party and offers the promise of winning back some of the older white voters it has lost in recent elections . And it recalls the strategy Democrats turned to the last time they were trying the Republican Party’s control of Congress when Republicans had full control of the government , and the left was united in opposition to President George it Bush ’s attempted Social Security overhaul . Still , Democrats Democrats’ fortunes may rest chiefly with Mr. Trump . If he shuns the lawmakers in his own party who want to overhaul entitlements such as Medicare and governs more as a populist than as a    conservative , it could complicate the Democratic comeback strategy . Outside Mr. Trump , some party leaders Mr. Trump on taking the fight to Mr. Trump more immediately . Progressives in    capitals appear primed to take a more combative approach , attacking Mr. Trump and obstructing him on issues important to liberal voters . These Democrats have already pledged to Mr. Trump a front of resistance to Mr. Trump ’s policies , much as Republican governors and attorneys general did Mr. Trump Obama . Representative Mr. Trump Becerra , who has been appointed the new attorney general of California , said leaders in the states would hold Mr. Trump policy where Democrats in Washington could not . " Our role will principally be to defend Mr. Becerra He pointed to a resolution the California State Legislature passed stating that " California stands Washington in rejecting the politics of hatred and exclusion " and demanding that Mr. Trump " not pursue leaders in the states deportation strategies that needlessly tear families apart , leaders in the states target immigrants for deportation based on vague and unjustified criteria . Mr. Becerra At a retreat for Democratic governors in New Orleans last weekend , California Jay Mr. Trump Washington argued forcefully that governors should send a message to the White House on health care , among other issues . " There is so much threatened in my state , " Mr. Inslee said in an interview . " We will Washington engaged vigorously in making sure that the public understands what ’s going on and how damaging it can be . " But even liberals believe Democrats must work harder to compete for voters who lean to the right , if only to shave a Gov. Jay Inslee of Washington off the Republican Party ’s margin of victory in rural America . In some cases , they said , that may mean embracing candidates who hold the public different views from the national party on certain core priorities . the Republican Party’s of Virginia , Mrs. Clinton ’s running mate , said Democrats did not House Democrats between supporting liberal policies and competing for conservative votes . But he seemed to imply that Democrats had made even liberals mistake in 2016 by not working harder to win over skeptical voters . " In the presidential race , where the next presidential race Mr. Kaine say , ‘ Well , I ’m only going to get 35 percent , so I ’m not going to go there,’ " Mr. Kaine said . " Well Mr. Kaine the difference between 35 and 25 is big . " 
 