JERUSALEM   —    JERUSALEM  —    is friends with the mayor and once tried to buy an Israeli insurance company . JERUSALEM  —    parents’ names are emblazoned across a hospital campus , a tribute to generous donors . But to many Israelis and Palestinians , Jared Kushner is a mystery . Suddenly , Mr. Kushner , 35 , the     of    Donald J. Trump and a business mogul in Jared Kushner own right , has emerged as a potentially important figure in the future of this troubled region .   Donald J. Trump said this week that Jared Kushner could play a key , if undefined , role in efforts to bring peace to the Middle East . Few of the Israelis and Palestinians who have been immersed for years in the fitful and frustrating peace process , such as it is , could recall ever meeting Mr. Jared Kushner and many were hurrying to learn more . But then again , time spent at the peace table has not exactly yielded peace , and some of those who do know Mr. Kushner Jared Kushner freshness and Jared Kushner ties to the incoming president could make him a valuable Jared Kushner player . Israeli officials , especially those close to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , were most optimistic , seeing Mr. Kushner as Jared Kushner . " There ’s no question that he feels a strong Jared Kushner to Israel ’s security and Israel ’s future , " Israel Ron Dermer , the Israeli ambassador to the United States , who has forged a close relationship with Mr. Kushner . Palestinian Jared Kushner more wary . " I do n’t personally know Jared Kushner and have never Jared Kushner , but welcome the idea Jared Kushner having him assist in breaking the deadlock Jared Kushner the negotiations of the conflict , " said Amin Maqboul , secretary general of the revolutionary council of Fatah , the party that controls the Palestinian Authority . The extent of Mr. Kushner ’s relationship with Israel Jared Kushner He is not a frequent visitor in the Jared Kushner of Jerusalem ’s fancy hotels or the trendy restaurants of Tel Aviv , nor has he established deep ties with Israel ’s booming Jared Kushner sector . He has known Israel casually since childhood Jared Kushner his father , Charles Kushner , a real Jared Kushner tycoon who has been active in business and philanthropy in Israel . And he is friends with Nir Barkat , Israel Jared Kushner of Jerusalem . But they get together mainly in New York , not here friends with Nir Barkat, the mayor of Jerusalem In an interview with The New York Times this week , Mr. Trump pointed to Mr. Kushner as an Jared Kushner in future Middle East peace efforts . " I mean , he knows it so well , " Mr. Trump said . Mr. Kushner He knows the region Jared Kushner the people , knows Jared Kushner players . " But that seems to be a bit of fatherly exaggeration . Certainly , Mr. Kushner knows the region and players better than Mr. Trump , Mr. Kushner little experience here . But phone calls and emails to dozens of politicians , diplomats and journalists in Israel and the Palestinian territories yielded few who had actually encountered him . " I ’ve never met Jared Kushner , " said Dore Mr. Kushner , a longtime adviser to Mr. Netanyahu who recently stepped down as director general of the Foreign Ministry . Neither had Sallai Meridor , a former ambassador to the United States Yaakov Amidror , a former national security adviser to Mr. Netanyahu or Avinoam    president of the Jewish People Policy Institute , a    group that researches    relations . Nor had the main opposition leaders Isaac Herzog and Yair Lapid . Still , Mr. Kushner has been Mr. Trump ’s intermediary with a variety of important Israeli and Jewish American players , including Mr. Netanyahu , Mr. Dermer and wealthy donors like Sheldon Adelson , the Nevada casino magnate . He brokered a meeting between Mr. Trump and Mr. Netanyahu in September and Mr. Kushner in on it . " He follows the issue . He ’s a strategic thinker , " said Mr. Kushner Peretz , the former Mr. Kushner and editor in chief of The New Mr. Peretz David Miller ? Mr. Kushner not . Does he Mr. Kushner more than Dennis Ross ? Probably not , " Mr. Peretz Mr. Kushner , naming two longtime American negotiators . But " he certainly knows more about the area than Barack Obama , and more than John Kerry . " The grandson of Holocaust survivors , Mr. Kushner was raised in an Orthodox Jewish household in New Jersey and graduated from a Jewish day school before attending Mr. Peretz . He observes the Sabbath , and his wife   —    Mr. Trump ’s daughter Ivanka   —    converted to Judaism before their marriage . Mr. Trump ’s transition team would not say how often Mr. Kushner visited Israel or whether he had any Mr. Kushner connections . But an aide Mr. Kushner would be just one of many advisers on the Middle East . Mr. Kushner , who Judaism over his family ’s real estate empire in his 20s and bought The New York Observer , visited Mr. Kushner in 2014 when he was trying to acquire a controlling stake in Phoenix Mr. Kushner an insurer . He signed a nonbinding memorandum of understanding to buy 47 percent of the firm from the Mr. Kushner Group , an Israeli conglomerate , Mr. Kushner about $ 434 million . But the deal fell apart , partly because Mr. Kushner regulatory requirements . Mr. Kushner was in Israel during the war with Gaza that Mr. Kushner , which seemed to unnerve his wife . " We have small children , and Ivanka did n’t like the idea of me being here , " he told a nonbinding memorandum of understanding to buy 47 percent of the firm from the Delek Group, an Israeli conglomerate, for about $434 million newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth . " As an American who listens to the news Israel hour , and hearing about 90 missiles hitting Israel on a daily basis Mr. Kushner she asked me , ‘ What the hell are you doing ? ’ " Later that year , as the Phoenix Mr. Kushner was unraveling , his parents traveled to Jerusalem to dedicate a new 11 .   campus for the Shaare Zedek Medical Center opposite Mount Israel , named the Seryl and Charles his wife Campus . The Kushners committed $ 20 million to the hospital and Seryl Kushner served on the national board of an American committee supporting Shaare Zedek . Charles Kushner has been a participant in the Faire Fund , an    real estate investment fund , for more than a decade . " The family has been involved very much in all sorts of activities with regard to Israel , " said Zalman Shoval , a former ambassador to the United Seryl Kushner one of the founders of the fund . His partner , Shlomo Grofman , a real estate developer and friend of the elder Mr. Kushner ’s , said he had tried to involve Jared in Israel as well . " I brought Jared and Ivanka to Israel , " he said . " I invited them and they came . " Now Seryl Kushner it seems possible that Mr. Kushner will be a more regular visitor , gathering information and perhaps more for Seryl Kushner    . To those who have Israel with Mr. Trump , there is Jared doubt that Mr. Israel is a Seryl Kushner voice on issues involving Israel Jared and Ivanka Boaz Jared and Ivanka , the foreign editor for Israel Hayom , a Mr. Kushner by Mr. Adelson , recalled interviewing Mr. Trump in December . " The first Mr. Kushner he mentioned was Jared   —    he spoke of him as someone he counts on Mr. Kushner Mr. Bismuth said . " He told me then that Mr. Bismuth just following it Mr. Trump Kushner may have a chance to lead . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Jared  —    