WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump is making     Donald J. Trump influence felt on government funding deliberations in Congress , pressing Republican leaders to postpone action on spending bills until after     Donald J. Trump takes office . Speaker Paul D. Ryan said on Thursday that the House would go along with the incoming administration ’s request and pass a stopgap spending bill that would keep the government running at current spending levels until March . " I think the government would like to have a    on how money ’s going to be spent going into the next year , " Speaker Paul D. Ryan told reporters . But Republican leaders in the Senate did not immediately sign on to the plan , reflecting Republican leaders in the Senate desire to get contentious spending battles out of the way this year . Congress had been working toward agreement on spending bills by Dec. 9 , when the current funding agreement expires . Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the Republican leader , left open the possibility of an agreement with the House . " Discussions are also ongoing about how to fund the government and for how long , " Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader said on the floor on Thursday . But signaling that the longstanding tensions between the House and Senate may not abate under a more unified Republican government , some Senate Republicans expressed concern that waiting until early next year could distract some Senate Republicans from other legislative priorities . " My opinion is that it would be better to get this year done now , " said Senator Roy Blunt , Republican of Missouri and a member of the Appropriations Committee . " My preference is to do it now and not get bogged down early next year . " The issue flared as both parties on Capitol Hill continued to adapt to Mr. Trump ’s victory and Mr. Trump promise to shake up the way Washington works . Vice    Mike Pence visited the Capitol to meet with Republican and Democratic leaders , as well as House Republicans . And the House Democratic leader , Nancy Pelosi of California , drew a challenger on Thursday in her campaign to retain her post , as Representative Tim Ryan of Ohio said the election outcome required Democrats to take a new approach . Startled by the number of    voters in states like Michigan , Ohio and Pennsylvania that shifted voters in states like Michigan, Ohio and Pennsylvania support to Republicans   —    particularly Mr. Trump   —    Democrats have spent the week contemplating how to recapture those voters . Mr. Ryan , 43 , who represents the quintessentially Rust Belt area of Youngstown , Ohio , said Mr. Ryan, 43, who represents the quintessentially Rust Belt area of Youngstown, Ohio believed Mr. Ryan, 43, who represents the quintessentially Rust Belt area of Youngstown, Ohio could help Democrats reach Democrats . " The American people need to know The American people understand that The American people elected The American people to fight for economic opportunity for all , " Mr. Ryan, 43, who represents the quintessentially Rust Belt area of Youngstown, Ohio said in a statement . " We need to create America 2 . 0   —    a multicultural , progressive and innovative country that fights every day for ordinary people . " Not selecting new leadership , Mr. Ryan, 43, who represents the quintessentially Rust Belt area of Youngstown, Ohio said , would lead to " more disappointment in future elections . " Ms. Pelosi , 76 , has led House Democrats since 2003 . In a letter to Democrats on Wednesday , Ms. Pelosi announced her Ms. Pelosi for    and issued a warning to potential challengers , arguing she Ms. Pelosi had the support of       House House Democrats And that was before she had Ms. Pelosi asked for any votes , Ms. Pelosi Ms. Pelosi Thursday . " When somebody challenges you , your supporters turn out , " she said . Ms. Pelosi It almost did me a favor . " Ms. Pelosi ’s Ms. Pelosi without basis . A prodigious    and effective negotiator , she has a strong and Ms. Pelosi base of support that on paper should help her easily defeat any challenges Ms. Pelosi However , members have noted a restlessness in recent days within the conference , where Mr. Ryan ’s message seemed to be resonating , which could end up blindsiding the leader . Further , her loss in a similar Ms. Pelosi far    struggle two years ago demonstrated cracks in her power . In 2014 Ms. Pelosi a proxy battle between Ms. Pelosi and Representative Steny H. Hoyer , Democrat of Maryland , broke out over a top spot on the Energy and Commerce Committee . Ms. Pelosi ’s pick , Representative Anna G. Eshoo of California , was defeated by Mr. Hoyer ’s choice , Representative Frank Pallone Jr. of New Jersey , stunning Ms. Pelosi . But Mr. Trump ’s early intervention on spending issues also highlighted the many challenges facing the Republican majority as it adapts to the priorities of a new administration . Referring to Mr. Trump ’s desire to Mr. Trump the swamp , " Mr. Ryan halted an effort at a    procedural meeting on Wednesday that would have lifted a ban on earmarks   —    the    practice of allowing lawmakers to allocate money to specific projects in their states or districts   — lawmakers promising instead to hold a vote on the proposal early next year . It has been several years since the proposal passed a spending bill in time for the beginning of the fiscal year . Since Congress passed a stopgap measure in September , appropriators have been working to wrap up an agreement that would extend through the end of the government ’s fiscal year next Sept. 30 before the new Congress assembles in January . Senator Congress Alexander of Tennessee , Mr. Alexander on    spending bills , which have become a regular fallback as lawmakers have failed to cobble together legislation palatable to both President Obama and the right wing of their own party . They are " a really lazy way to govern , " Mr. Alexander lawmakers reporters . " lawmakers would think the last thing the Trump administration would want to do is spend time cleaning up an appropriations bill that was supposed to have been passed in the previous year under Obama , " he said . 
 Mr. Alexander 