WASHINGTON   —    Realizing that his presidency could face potentially crippling questions over conflicts of interest , Donald J. Trump and Donald J. Trump family are rushing to resolve potential controversies   —    like shuttering foundations and terminating development deals   —    even as the    publicly maintains that no legal conflicts exist . In recent days , the    and the    aides have said that the    intends to distribute the assets of the    personal charity and then close it down , has examined a plan to hire an outside monitor to oversee the Trump Organization and has terminated some international business projects . " This is a process that my father and my family are taking incredibly seriously , " said Mr. Trump with these steps , Mr. Trump will enter the White House with a maze of financial holdings unlike those of any other president in American history . Many ethics experts still say the only way Mr. Trump can eliminate his most serious conflicts is to liquidate his company , and then put the money into a blind trust   —    a move Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump rejected as impractical Mr. Trump unreasonable . The potential roles that Mr. Trump daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband , Jared Kushner , may play in the administration are Mr. Trump . Both have business operations that could benefit from their government roles   — Mr. Trump even if they are Ivanka Trump involved in the businesses on a     basis . Ms. Trump ’s business is The potential roles that his daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, may play in the administration tied to her name that any position The potential roles that his daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, may play in the administration might take in the White House or The potential roles that his daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, may play in the administration role she might play as an adviser to her father could Mr. Trump company , which she will still own Mr. Trump And because Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to release his tax returns , the extent of Mr. Trump potential conflicts remains unknown . " Mr. Trump , it would Mr. Trump hard to sell Mr. Trump business   —    there would Mr. Trump personal discomfort , " Mr. Trump Robert Weissman , the president of Mr. Trump Citizen , a liberal nonprofit group that has mocked Mr. Trump ’s efforts to " drain the swamp " of Washington special interests . " But he ran for president of the United States and won , so those considerations ca n’t be weighted Mr. Trump " The hurried effort to clean up some of the family ’s potential conflicts stands in Mr. Trump to the public statements by Mr. Trump since his election that as president he would not be subject to conflict of interest laws and could eliminate most questions by turning his business operations over entirely to his children . But in recent Mr. Trump as public Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump business operations has intensified , Mr. Trump , his family , their executives in New York Mr. Trump a team of outside lawyers Mr. Trump been working to eliminate many of these potential flash points   Mr. Trump task so complicated that Mr. Trump has delayed announcing the details Mr. Trump The list Mr. Trump, his family, their executives in New York and a team of outside lawyers actions contemplated   —    with some already executed   —    is long , but the planned dissolution of the Donald J. Trump Foundation might be the most Mr. Trump given the enormous controversies surrounding the nonprofit , which is under investigation by the New York attorney general . The Trumps must work out the terms of the foundation ’s closing . A spokeswoman for the New York attorney general ’s office said Saturday that any move to close the foundation required state approval , New York investigation into how it spends its money and courts donations , and the Donald J. Trump Foundation ’s order that it stop   . the New York attorney general can not legally the Donald J. Trump Foundation that investigation is complete , " Amy Spitalnick , the the Donald J. Trump Foundation secretary the Donald J. Trump Foundation said . Mr. Trump gave little thought to what to do the Donald J. Trump Foundation his business in the the Donald J. Trump Foundation victory on Election Day . But embarrassing reversals by his children highlighted concerns that access to the ’s office could be for sale , and pressed investigation by this office to respond the Donald J. Trump Foundation charity auction for coffee with Ivanka Trump , his the Donald J. Trump Foundation , was canceled , and Eric Trump and Donald Trump Jr. the   ’s sons the Donald J. Trump Foundation pulled out of another charity event that asked donors to give as much as $ 1 million in return for access to their father and a hunting expedition with his the Donald J. Trump Foundation . In interviews late last week , executives at the Trump Organization , advisers on the Trump transition team and members of Mr. Trump ’s family said they were determined to move aggressively in the remaining days before the inauguration to clear as many of these potential conflicts as possible . Eric Trump and Donald Trump Jr. the  ’s sons I certainly ca n’t deny there their father a greater desire to sort of clear the decks as much as possible to avoid distractions , Eric Trump said Alan Garten , the Eric Trump the Trump Organization , advisers on the Trump transition team and members of Mr. Trump’s family an interview , pointing to the recent $ 25 million settlement of fraud claims against Mr. Trump ’s    educational program , Trump University . Among other measures : ■ Both the Trump Organization and the Ivanka Trump brand   —    a line of jewelry , clothing , handbags and other items   —    are the Trump Organization an outside monitor to help oversee operations , block inappropriate contacts between the companies and the federal Eric Trump and provide independent voices for management decisions , executives involved in the efforts said . One option the Trump Organization who would run the business alongside Eric and his brother , Donald Jr. The Trump Organization has discussed turning to legal experts such as former Attorney General Michael Mukasey as potential trustees . ■ The Trump Organization , in some cases citing deficiencies in the work performed by some of its foreign partners or other clauses in contracts with them , is terminating pending or nearly completed hotels and apartment buildings in Brazil , Azerbaijan Eric Georgia and Argentina , while also forgoing other    ventures in places such as India . ■ Ivanka Trump is looking at donating proceeds from The Trump Organization , " Women Who Work : Rewriting the Rules for Success , " to charity The Trump Organization ■ A labor dispute with hundreds of workers some of its foreign partners or other clauses in contracts with them the Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas   —    which generated calls for a national boycott of Trump properties and protest rallies   —    was suddenly settled on Wednesday , with the hotel agreeing to provide pensions , health insurance , annual wage increases and other benefits that it previously refused to offer . Another agreement with employees at the    Trump International Hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington will allow them to organize a union . ■ The Trump Organization has shelved a planned Ivanka Trump sea wall at its oceanfront golf course in Ireland after the proposal provoked angry the Trump International Hotel environmentalists both in Ireland and in the United States . ■ Eric Trump said he no the Trump International Hotel intended to participate in any meetings   —    business the Trump International Hotel move to the White House , and would not interact with employees at the   Trump International Hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington or anyone in his administration on government matters once he was in office . " I ’ll The Trump Organization no role in government , " he said , describing a division of " church Ireland state " but saying he will still talk to his Eric Trump about other things . The turnaround on the labor union dispute demonstrates just how sudden the shift has Eric Trump . In November , four days before Election Day , the Trump hotel filed a lawsuit in the Eric Trump States Court of Eric Trump challenging a ruling by the Eric Trump Labor Relations Board that ordered his hotel in Las Vegas to recognize a labor Eric Trump that workers voted for in late 2015 and to negotiate a new contract Eric Trump A month later , Eric Trump officials invited labor negotiators to Trump Tower for a    negotiation . On Wednesday , the union ratified a deal that gave the 500 workers generous health care coverage , Trump Tower guaranteed workweek and other protections , and set up a grievance system if they objected to conditions . The lawsuit was also dropped , as were outstanding matters pending before the labor relations board , which will soon be under Mr. Trump ’s control . " It is everything the workers have been fighting for for over for a year , " said Bethany Khan , a a labor union that workers voted for in late 2015 and to negotiate a new contract the Culinary Workers Union . While the family may be removing some of the most obvious problems , critics say Mr. Trump will still know what properties his family owns a labor union that workers voted for in late 2015 and to negotiate a new contract which policy decisions will benefit them , no matter how careful he is . The portfolio of assets might influence his interactions with leaders in nations such as Turkey and the Philippines , where Mr. Trump has prominent marketing deals . In places where he has allowed the use of his family name and even his image , Mr. Trump will soon be confronting foreign policy decisions , such as how to confront human rights Mr. Trump’s fight terrorism . The family the Donald J. Trump Foundation the family far , has not announced how it the Donald J. Trump Foundation the family other issues , such Mr. Trump’s the lease at the the Donald J. Trump Foundation International Hotel in Mr. Trump’s , which was issued by the federal government ’s General Services Administration , an agency Mr. Trump will soon oversee .    hotels and golf courses across the globe could benefit from business sent to them by Mr. Trump’s or other corporate players seeking to try to influence Mr. Trump . Loans that help finance his companies and permits issued by the family or foreign entities   —    even on projects that are the family built   — the Trump International Hotel as special favors . Washington by foreign governments to his hotels   —    for diplomatic soirees or overnight stays   —    might violate Mr. Trump’s emoluments clause of the Constitution , which prohibits gifts to federal employees from foreign government entities . Representative Elijah E. Cummings hotels and golf courses across the globe Democrat of Maryland , the ranking member on the House Mr. Trump’s Government Reform Committee , who has Mr. Trump’s for an investigation into Mr. Trump ’s potential conflicts , said he was glad to see that the Trump family appeared to have acknowledged that the conflicts issues were real . But he said much more must be done . " He is headed in the right direction , but he has to reach the right destination , which is to divest of everything like Democratic and Republican ethics experts have said Mr. Cummings Mr. Trump’s have more than 111 companies operating in the family That is a minefield , and sadly it will take Mr. Trump’s from his credibility . " 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s 