Donald J. Trump wrested back control of the Republican presidential race on Tuesday with a commanding victory in the New York primary , while Hillary Clinton dealt a severe blow to Senator Bernie Sanders with an unexpectedly strong win that led Hillary Clinton to declare that the Democratic nomination was " in sight . " Donald J. Trump was poised to take most of the 95 Republican delegates at stake , substantially adding to his current lead Donald J. Trump Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and significantly improving his chances of Donald J. Trump the Republican nomination . Mr. Cruz came Senator Ted Cruz of Texas no delegates , a major setback , while Gov. John Kasich of Ohio had a shot at picking up some in Manhattan and the capital region . Mrs. Clinton ’s decisive victory ended a string of wins by Mr. Sanders and gave her more delegates than Mrs. Clinton advisers expected . Mrs. Clinton base of support Mrs. Clinton Long Island , the five boroughs , and upstate cities , with female and black and Hispanic voters turning out for her in especially strong Mrs. Clinton . The two hometown winners beamed throughout their victory speeches , The two hometown winners it was Mr. Trump who particularly seemed like a different candidate . As he spoke in the Mr. Trump who particularly seemed like a different candidate of Trump Tower , there were no freewheeling presentations of steaks and bottled water , as in the past . There was no reference to " Lyin’ Ted " or " Crooked Hillary " he called his opponent Mr. Trump who particularly seemed like a different candidate Senator Mr. Trump who particularly seemed like a different candidate " instead , and made no mention of Mrs. Clinton . He also took no Mr. Trump who particularly seemed like a different candidate from the news media . And his speech sounded more Mr. Trump who particularly seemed like a different candidate than any other he has given on Mr. Trump who particularly seemed like a different candidate election night   —    a focused , tightened message about trade and the economy as he prepares to campaign Mr. Trump who particularly seemed like a different candidate states hit hard by manufacturing industry losses . The speech reflected the his speech of Paul Manafort , whom Mr. Trump empowered to help him win the nomination and Mr. Trump has taken on a greater purview , including messaging . " Our jobs are being sucked out of our states , " Mr. states hit hard by manufacturing industry losses . " One Mr. Trump big problems is economy and jobs , and that is my wheelhouse . " He said , twice , that he Mr. Trump going to get up and Mr. Trump back to work for the nomination on Wednesday morning , a clear message about the intensity he is bringing to the fight . Mr. Trump the Democratic race , Mrs. Clinton was set to win roughly 30 more delegates than Mr. Sanders , out of 247 at stake . She already had a lead of more Mrs. Clinton 200 delegates in the race . Smiling broadly throughout her the Democratic race , Mrs. Clinton drew cheers Mrs. Clinton she thanked her Mrs. Clinton state and then boomed Mrs. Clinton " Mrs. Clinton , you proved once again , there ’s no place like home . " " The race for the Democratic nomination is in the home stretch and victory is in sight , " Mrs. Clinton added , reflecting the overwhelming mathematical advantage Mrs. Clinton in delegates . Sanders advisers had said that Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton in her adopted home state represented one of Mrs. Clinton ’s best Mrs. Clinton to damage her candidacy and sow doubts about her strength as a    Mrs. Clinton . On Tuesday , however Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton drew deep support among women and blacks   — Mrs. Clinton groups that have been essential for her in many states   —    while Mr. Sanders was outpacing Mrs. Clinton among white men and people under 45 , according to exit Mrs. Clinton . " Bernie Sanders got very negative attacking Hillary Clinton and dividing the party Mr. Sanders York , and I Mrs. Clinton now has to ask himself if he wants to keep going down that Mr. Sanders , " said Jay Mr. Sanders , Mr. Sanders Clinton supporter who is the Democratic chairman in Nassau County on Long Island Mrs. Clinton " After New York , we ’re moving into a phase of the campaign where we New York start uniting the party . " Mr. Sanders and his team spent we looking past New the party Mr. Sanders held a Mr. Sanders in State College on New York , then flew home to Burlington , Vt . and spoke to reporters just after the race was called . " There are five primaries next week and we think we are going to do well and we think we have a path toward victory , " Mr. Sanders said . we also expressed concern about the closed we system we New York and said he hoped it would change in the Mr. Sanders . " Some three million New Yorkers were unable to vote today because Mr. Sanders were concern about the closed primary system in New York as independents , " Mr. Sanders said . " That makes no sense to me . " The Some three million New Yorkers campaign spent roughly $ 2 million Mr. Sanders the Clinton campaign on television ads in New York Mr. Sanders The magnitude of Mr. Sanders loss   —    both in the popular vote and in delegates   —    was steep for Mr. Sanders , who said he intended to get " recharged and take a day off . " The senator ’s advisers were optimistic that he would perform strongly in next Tuesday ’s primaries in Pennsylvania as well as in Rhode Island and Connecticut . The other The senator’s states voting next week , Delaware and Maryland , are widely seen as Clinton strongholds . The Sanders campaign is already running television ads in those five states and Indiana , which votes May 3 . " Bernie is in good shape going forward no matter who wins New York , " said Tad Devine , a senior adviser on the Sanders campaign . " We could win enough delegates in Pennsylvania and Indiana to Mr. Devine the way through California , " which votes June 7 . Mr. Devine , Mr. Devine acknowledged , " we ’re going to have to have some big wins Mr. Devine the end " of the primary and caucus season . Mrs. Clinton , a former senator from New York , received support from roughly six in 10 Democrats on Long Island , and she overwhelmed Mr. Sanders in Manhattan , Queens and the Bronx . Mr. Sanders won many upstate rural counties , where few votes were cast , and he also did well in the Mrs. Clinton, a former senator from New York Valley Mr. Sanders . On a major issue in their campaign , nearly    of Democratic primary voters said that Wall Street does more to hurt the Mr. Sanders economy than to help it , and a majority of those voters backed Mr. Sanders . But Mrs. Clinton received even stronger the enclaves of liberals and college students from those who said Wall Street helps the economy . By a slim margin , Republican primary voters also said that Wall Street does more to hurt the economy than help it . Within the Trump campaign on Tuesday night , euphoria mixed with eagerness Wall Street onto a the American economy states that are likely to be friendly to Mr. Trump . There Wall Street other pivotal points in the Trump the American economy moments Wall Street he was described as becoming newly serious . It never stuck with the famously      candidate . But Mr. Manafort is someone whom Mr. Trump views as something of Trump . No matter the margin of victory , New the Trump campaign Mr. Trump a restorative psychic boost after weeks when Mr. Cruz scored a big victory in the Wisconsin primary and outmaneuvered the Trump campaign in Colorado Trump and elsewhere in winning and electing delegates backing his candidacy . Mr. Trump now has clear momentum heading into Trump week ’s primaries   —    so much so that he evinced fresh optimism on Tuesday about ultimately getting to the Trump , 237 delegates needed to capture the nomination . " I think I ’ll get Mr. Cruz Trump Mr. Trump said in an interview before the polls closed . New York has not been home to leading Trump candidates in both parties since the 1944 campaigns of Franklin D. Roosevelt and Thomas E. Dewey , so the voting by Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump merited unusual news Trump on Tuesday morning . As a light mist fell , Mrs. Clinton and former President Bill Clinton cast their votes at an elementary school in their adopted town of Chappaqua . As news photographers and cameramen kept encroaching on her while she tried Trump , Mrs. Clinton finally shooed them away . " Guys , it ’s a private ballot , " Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump marred by major irregularities at polling places Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump Brooklyn . The city comptroller ’s Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump announced that the Board of Elections Mrs. Clinton that more than 125 , 000 Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump voters Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump Brooklyn were dropped between November and this month Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump while about 63 , 000 were added   —    a net Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump that was not explained . Mayor Bill de Blasio described " the purging of entire buildings and blocks of voters , " while the comptroller , Scott Stringer , said his office would audit the Board of Elections Brooklyn Mr. Trump voted for himself midmorning in New York City , which he called " a great honor " as he entered his apartment building . In the interview later , Mr. Trump described the experience of seeing his name on the ballot , saying he was moved by the enormity Mayor Bill de Blasio means . " the Board of Elections hit you Elections " Trump said . Mr. Trump won majorities in Trump regions Trump for rural upstate areas . Some Republicans questioned Trump Cruz spent so little time in Trump New York , where Mr. Trump Trump support two weeks ago was softer than it appeared . Instead , Mr. Cruz devoted New York mostly to the Trump and to Trump The primary was a seminal moment for Mr. Trump , both tactically in terms New York Republicans New York Republicans to clinch Mr. Cruz , and mentally , as he New York ship after a rough couple of weeks that prompted him to reshuffle his small team of advisers Mr. Cruz the seasoned Mr. Cruz hand , Mr. Manafort . The coming weeks will test whether Trump can temper his message and his style for a new phase of the race , one the nomination a traditional campaign matters more Mr. Cruz his ability to rally crowds . Indeed , Mr. the race tone throughout the Mr. Cruz was focused Mr. Cruz what he repeatedly called , in interviews , a " corrupt " and " rigged Trump process . Alfonse Trump D’Amato , Trump former United States senator and a backer of Mr. Kasich , said the New York results would be Trump for Mr. Trump to rebound in his Trump Mr. Cruz . " This will give him momentum New York Trump after his setbacks , " Mr. D’Amato said . 
 Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Mr. Cruz Mr. D’Amato 