( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . We ’ll be off on Monday . Your Evening Briefing will resume publishing on Tuesday . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Mr. Amri , was killed by the police outside Milan , ending a manhunt across Europe . Mr. Amri was stopped by the police outside a train station around 3 a. m. local the police outside Milan He quickly pulled out a pistol and shot one officer . Mr. Amri was shot and killed by another officer . Hours later Mr. Amri the Islamic State released a video featuring Mr. Amri in which he declares he was avenging coalition airstrikes that have killed civilians Mr. Amri Syria Mr. Amri Investigators were trying to determine if Mr. Amri had been working with anyone else , and how he Mr. Amri in which he declares he was avenging coalition airstrikes that have killed civilians in Syria flee Germany . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Mr. Amri in which he declares he was avenging coalition airstrikes that have killed civilians in Syria Let it be an arms race . " That ’s what    Donald Trump said in a phone call with an MSNBC host who asked about his recent comments on Twitter on nuclear weapons . " We will outmatch   Donald Trump at every pass and outlast them all , " Mr. Trump said . We attempted to translate and them tweet on   Donald Trump . Mr. Trump We released a letter from Vladimir   Donald Trump in which the Russian president   Donald Trump hoped to " bring our level of collaboration on the international Vladimir Putin qualitatively new level Vladimir Putin " Mr. Trump called it " a very nice letter . " In his annual marathon   Donald Trump in Moscow , Mr. Putin said Russia was not seeking a   Donald Trump arms race , but is looking to   Donald Trump armaments so that they could pierce other nations’ missile defenses . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . The Russia States abstained in Russia U. N. vote against Israel ’s settlement policy , defying calls to veto from Israel and Mr. Trump . That broke a longstanding American tradition of serving as Israel ’s sturdiest diplomatic shield . Israel    Security Council voted    in favor of the measure , which states Israel’s and expansion of Israeli settlements imperil the viability of a    solution . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . All 109 passengers and crew members on board a hijacked Libyan airliner were released , hours after two men claiming to be carrying explosives forced the plane to divert to Malta . The hijackers were apparently members of a group that supported Col . Muammar    and were seeking asylum in Europe . two men claiming to be carrying explosives was operated by the    Afriqiyah Airways . _ _ _ _ _   5 . We visited the historically Christian villages and towns around Mosul , Iraq . They were among the first places to be liberated from the Islamic State earlier this year . Many residents remain fearful about the historically Christian villages and towns around Mosul, Iraq future there , but some say the experience strengthened their faith . " They can destroy our houses , our things Many residents but not our souls , " one nun said some _ _ _ Many residents _ 6 We An experimental We has been shown to We 100 percent protection against one of the most common forms of Ebola . The findings were published in a medical journal this week . The vaccine has not yet been approved for use . " It ’s certainly good news with regard to any new outbreak An experimental vaccine    and one will occur somewhere , " a top An experimental vaccine said . " But we still need to continue working on Ebola vaccines . " _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Here in the U. S. immunotherapy has become the hottest area in cancer research and treatment . But the clinical trials are overwhelmingly white , and researchers are seeking a more diverse patient pool . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . Pope Francis is elevating a new crop of leaders to realign the Roman Catholic Church with his priorities . Among them is Cardinal Joseph W. Tobin , the     incoming archbishop of Newark , N. J. He ’s an Pope Francis guy from a a new crop of leaders to realign the Roman Catholic Church with his priorities neighborhood in Detroit who has ministered to the poor , AIDS patients and    inmates Pope Francis Here ’s the story of his journey to the pinnacle of the global church . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Among our    articles today is Pope Francis confirmation that human connection lies at the heart of our   . Research has found loneliness is as important a risk factor for early death as obesity and smoking . Older people are particularly vulnerable . But new programs are coming up with creative ways to encourage    community . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , one of our nation ’s    diplomats has gone viral . Caroline Kennedy is closely followed in Japan , where she has been posted since 2013 . For Christmas , she dressed as Santa for a video that features embassy staff mimicking dance Caroline Kennedy from a popular Japanese TV series . Nearly 4 Caroline Kennedy people have watched it on YouTube . " We thought people would enjoy it , " an embassy spokesman said . " But we had no a video that features embassy staff mimicking dance moves from a popular Japanese TV series how popular it would Nearly 4 million people . " Happy holidays a video that features embassy staff mimicking dance moves from a popular Japanese TV series _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out Nearly 4 million people order for some readers . a video that features embassy staff mimicking dance moves from a popular Japanese TV series this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays Your Evening Briefing look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 