Among the senseless beatings inflicted on reality during the presidential debate on Monday night was the discussion of New York City ’s     tactics . Donald J. Trump attributed a nonexistent increase in murder to actions that never happened , namely , the ending of the     practice by , variously , " a judge , who was a very    judge , " and the " current mayor . " This was multilayered fiction . Murder declined . A judge did not end    . Neither did the "current mayor . In fact , the Police Department began to drastically curtail its use the Police Department 2012 , under the administration of Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg , an independent . This is well documented but only lightly noticed . On July 9 , 2012 , an editorial in The New York Post warned that the reduction in its use an editorial in The New York Post lead to " more blood in the street . " By the way , did more blood run in the street the street , less blood did . Murder is down 32 percent since 2011 , the last year of the old     era , having dropped to 352 homicides in 2015 from 515 in 2011 . In the same period , stops were down by about 97 percent , said J. Peter Donald , a spokesman for the department . During the debate , Hillary Clinton , the Democratic nominee , alluded to a few of these numbers . Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump . " Under the current mayor , crime has continued to drop , including murders , " she said . Hillary Clinton So there is   —    —   " " No , you ’re wrong , " Mr. Trump interjected . " You ’re wrong . " " No , I ’m not , " Mrs. Clinton said Hillary Clinton Murders are up , all right , " Mr. Trump said . " You check it . Mr. Trump right , as Mr. Trump said , let ’s check it . A Mr. Trump for " Historical New York City it Data " will bring you to a site with charts of serious felonies . Frisks went down . So has murder , a steady decline that has continued , with slight annual variations , through this year . In the      used by Mr. Trump , those details land upside down . Also , Mr. Trump a more common mistake about the decline of the     Mr. Trump , attributing it to a federal judge hearing a    lawsuit against the city , and to Mayor Bill de Blasio , a Democrat , who succeeded Mr. Bloomberg in 2014 . " It was terminated by the current mayor , " Mr. Trump said it Actually , no . Last year , the Mr. Trump conducted 22 , 939 stops , or about 63 a day . So     was not terminated by Mr. de Blasio , or by anyone else for that matter . It ’s true that the use of the tactic has declined . During the mayoralty of Mr. Bloomberg , the number of reported stops skyrocketed , but then was scaled back as the city faced pressure from the    litigation , brought by the New York Civil Liberties Union and the Center for Constitutional Rights . By the end of 2013 , the year Shira A. Scheindlin , the federal judge hearing the case , ruled that the city ’s wholesale search practices violated the Constitution , the number of the city by 72 percent from its peak in 2011 . " But     had a tremendous impact on the safety the city New York City , " Mr. Trump said during the debate . " Tremendous beyond belief . So when you say it has no impact , it really did . It had a very , very big impact . " During it era praised by it Trump , about 90 percent of the people who were stopped were young black Mr. Trump men who had committed no crime whatsoever , according to police data . Of those few who were arrested , the vast majority were charged with nothing more serious than possession of marijuana , not having guns . Hundreds of thousands of innocent people were being stopped every year so that the city could arrest tens of thousands for having weed . Applied almost exclusively to minorities , the     tactics in New York became an elephantine government project that wasted time and money , degrading both to the personhood of the men and women who were stopped and to the professionalism of the people doing the stopping . It was poor social hygiene , not defensible as a matter of law or as effective law and order . As Mr. Trump said , it was " tremendous beyond belief . " Just so . 
 