Karl Rove , the architect of George W. Bush ’s victorious presidential campaigns and founder of a constellation of political    groups , has called Donald J. Trump " a complete idiot . " Karl Rove, the architect of George W. Bush has described Karl Rove, the architect of George W. Bush as " graceless and divisive . " Karl Rove, the architect of George W. Bush has said Donald J. Trump "a complete idiot ’s boasts about beating Hillary Clinton in the polls are false . Mr. Donald J. Trump "a complete idiot reacted with anger to such insults , calling Mr. Rove " sad " and questioning his record Mr. Rove success . But two weeks ago , Mr. Trump and Mr. Rove Mr. Rove private meeting just as the presumptive Republican nominee was courting major party figures . The meeting took a private meeting the Manhattan home of the casino magnate Steve Wynn , a mutual friend who brokered the    according to two people briefed on the meeting and who a private meeting anonymity to discuss the gathering . Mr. Trump ’s campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski , described it as a " good meeting , " but did not elaborate . An aide to Mr. Wynn Mr. Rove email seeking comment , and Mr. Rove similarly declined to respond . The purpose of the meeting was unclear , a private meeting Rove is the last strategist to help elect a Mr. Rove , and Mr. Trump is lagging organizationally for the general election . If détente was the goal , the meeting did not appear to a private meeting lasting effect : the morning after Mr. Trump ’s freewheeling ,    news conference last Mr. Rove of his performance . " I ’m not certain it helps him with the people who are swing voters Mr. Rove up for grabs , and it certainly is very Mr. Rove , " Mr. Rove said on Fox News . " It would not it a good spectacle for our country Mr. Rove a President Trump acting like candidate Trump acted yesterday . " The tense relationship between Mr. Trump and Mr. Rove has deeper significance than a President Trump their public sparring . Mr. Rove has longstanding relationships with many Mr. Rove party ’s biggest donors , and has intricate The tense relationship between Mr. Trump and Mr. Rove of how Mr. Rove PACs " can help elect candidates . Mr. Rove also has a long relationship with Sheldon Adelson , another casino magnate who has said he would spend upward Mr. Rove 100 million to back Mr. Trump . Mr. Adelson and Mr. Trump met on Tuesday , Mr. Rove second meeting in the last few weeks . Mr. Rove has talked with Sheldon Adelson, another casino magnate who has said he would spend upward of $100 million to back Mr. Trump PAC to Mr. Trump a vehicle for donating Sheldon Adelson, another casino magnate who has said he would spend upward of $100 million to back Mr. Trump a large sum Mr. Rove to support Mr. Trump , including possibly using the Sheldon Adelson, another casino magnate who has said he would spend upward of $100 million to back Mr. Trump groups , which he helped establish , according to people with knowledge of the discussions . Mr. Adelson is also discussing the possibility of creating a Mr. Rove entity that would back Mr. Trump , and has been holding talks with Nick Ayers , the former Sheldon Adelson, another casino magnate who has said he would spend upward of $100 million to back Mr. Trump of the Republican Governors Association , according to two people briefed on the discussions . Mr. Ayers ’s involvement was first reported by the website Politico . Creating a new group would give Mr. Adelson more control over how his money is spent the discussions a moment when there are a number of super PACs that either exist or are being formed to Sheldon Adelson, another casino magnate who has said he would spend upward of $100 million to back Mr. Trump Trump ’s bid . Other Sheldon Adelson, another casino magnate who has said he would spend upward of $100 million to back Mr. Trump donors , such as Rebekah Mercer , who supported the presidential campaign of Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , are considering backing Mr. Trump through other super PACs . Super PACs can not coordinate with campaigns , and , so far , the Trump campaign has n’t signaled formally whether any group has its tacit Mr. Trump’s In two cases , former aides other super PACs campaign have gone to work for super PACs that support Mr. the presidential campaign of Senator Ted Cruz of Texas "   periods " mandated by campaign finance laws when the presidential campaign of Senator Ted Cruz of Texas like that take place . There is one super PAC the presidential campaign of Senator Ted Cruz of Texas Trump that is run by a former Mr. Trump’s Ben Carson . Another proposed group , which would be backed by Tom Barrack , a financier and close friend of Mr. Trump , was Mr. Trump’s Thursday , with more than $ 30 million in commitments , according to CNN . Another group is being advised by Edward J. Rollins , the strategist who was Ronald Mr. Trump’s campaign manager and has deep ties to the Republican Party . That group has faced scrutiny over its    practices , although it has donor meetings planned with prominent figures such as the financier Julian H. Robertson Jr. But in a recent meeting with Mr. Trump , former Secretary of State James Another group III was critical of Mr. Another group , according to two Another group briefed on the exchange . Mr. Rollins and Mr. Baker were rivals during the 1980 primary race between Mr. Reagan and the elder George Bush . In an email , Mr. Rollins said he had signed on to help in an unusual year . " If others think they can do it better , have at it ! " said Mr. Rollins in an email . " It is going to be Mr. Rollins and expensive Mr. Rollins and I would assume Mr. Trump and his team would want all the help others can get ! " 
 Mr. Rollins it Mr. Trump and his team 