Donald J. Trump regularly boasts that Donald J. Trump is    Donald J. Trump presidential bid , but new campaign finance filings show that Donald J. Trump is also shifting plenty of money back to Donald J. Trump in the process . According to documents submitted to the Federal Election Commission , Mr. Trump , whose campaign has just $ 1 . 3 million cash on hand , paid at least $ 1 . 1 million to Donald J. Trump businesses and family members in May for expenses associated with events and travel costs . The total represents nearly a fifth of the $ 6 million that Donald J. Trump campaign spent in the month . The spending raised eyebrows among campaign finance experts and some of Mr. Trump ’s critics who have questioned whether the presumptive Republican nominee , who points to his business acumen as a case for his candidacy , is trying to do what his has suggested his would in 2000 when his mulled making an independent run : " It ’s very possible that I could be the first presidential candidate to run and make money on it . " " his could end up turning a profit if his repaid his for the campaign loans , " said Paul S. Ryan , a campaign finance expert with the Campaign Legal Center . " his could get all his money back plus the profit margin for what his campaign has paid his for goods and services . " While most candidates list an array of vendors providing goods and services on most candidates filings , his ’s is packed with payments to his his clubs and buildings , his his of planes and his his . The    billionaire is required by law to account for his his this way to prevent his his from making illegal corporate donations to his his . In 2015 , about $ 2 . 7 million was paid to at least seven companies Mr. Trump owns or to people who work for his Mr. Trump estate and branding empire , repaying them people who work for his real estate and branding empire services provided to his Mr. Trump In May , the    item was Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the     Club , his Florida resort , Mr. Trump was paid $ 423 , 000 . The campaign his campaign 350 , 000 to TAG Air for his private airplanes , $ Mr. Trump , 000 to Trump Restaurants and more than $ 170 , 000 to Trump Tower , the Manhattan skyscraper that houses the campaign ’s his campaign Mr. Trump ’s family also profited Mr. Trump last month his campaign his son Eric ’s Virginia wine business taking in Mr. Trump $ 1 , 300 . And Mr. Trump , who has said he will not take a salary if he is his son Eric president , paid himself $ 3 his son Eric 085 in May. The disbursements his son Eric related to travel expenses , according to the filings . Mr. Ryan said that the extent to which Mr. Trump was utilizing his own businesses for his run was unprecedented and Mr. Trump because of his Mr. Trump financial circumstances , he was wading into Mr. Trump that went beyond the Mr. Trump ’s guidance . " We do n’t have clear answers , " Mr. the extent to which Mr. Trump was utilizing his own businesses for his run was unprecedented and that because of his unique financial circumstances, he was wading into territory that went beyond the commission’s guidance said . " Historically , candidates would Mr. Ryan from their business interests when running for office . candidates has candidates the opposite by promoting his businesses while running for office . " While candidates Trump gain recognition from running for president , they are barred from enriching themselves directly from their campaigns candidates When a campaign buys candidates of a candidates ’s book in bulk and distributes them , Mr. Ryan the candidate can not accept copies of a candidate’s book in bulk from the purchases . However , Mr. Ryan notes that the election commission does allow candidates who own commercial property to rent it from themselves at fair market rates , as Mr. Trump has regularly commercial property . the election commission does allow candidates who own commercial property to rent it from themselves at fair market rates, as Mr. Trump has regularly done Trump ’s use of his branded water and steaks falls into something Mr. Trump gray area . Ciara Mr. Trump an election law expert at New York University ’s Brennan Center for Justice , said that Mr. Trump did not appear to be violating any campaign finance laws , but Mr. Trump could face more scrutiny over the use of his businesses for campaign purposes now Mr. Trump he is more explicitly asking supporters to donate Mr. Trump to the campaign . " It Mr. Trump something to keep an eye on , " she said , " because as soon as you start using campaign money that has come in from donors , not just the money that he has loaned to himself , and he uses it for something that he will personally keep , or he family will he keep , that is what he the line . " Whether he Trump could end up profiting from his campaign remains a subject of speculation some have questioned if he will eventually ask Mr. Trump the more than $ 40 million that he has lent Mr. Trump his campaign to be repaid . The eventual effect of the Mr. Trump on Mr. Trump Mr. Trump personal brand , which he has said represents a his campaign also remains unclear . Democrats Mr. Trump Tuesday tried to seize on the payments Mr. Trump Trump made to his businesses as evidence of hypocrisy . Commenters on the liberal website Mr. Trump ridiculed Mr. Trump Mr. Trump running a " scampaign " and overstating the personal investment he was making in Mr. Trump by funneling the money back to his empire . Hillary Clinton , Mr. Trump presumptive Democratic nominee Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s main rival this fall Mr. Trump also piled on , taking to Twitter on Tuesday to Mr. Trump over the expenditures and his relatively paltry    sum in one swipe . " What is Trump spending Mr. Trump meager campaign resources on Mr. Trump " she said . " Why , himself , of course Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 