WEST PALM BEACH , Fla.   —      Donald J. Trump on Friday intensified Donald J. Trump threat to " expand " America ’s nuclear arsenal , saying Donald J. Trump was willing to restart a nuclear arms race even as Donald J. Trump released a letter from President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia that pointed toward the possibility of a " pragmatic " set of understandings between Washington and Moscow . Echoing the conciliatory approach toward President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia that he President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia throughout the campaign , Donald J. Trump praised the Russian President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia a private holiday greeting that called for the two men to act in a " constructive and pragmatic manner . " In a statement as he Donald J. Trump Mr. Putin ’s letter President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia Mr. Donald J. Trump the Russian leader ’s " thoughts are so correct . " But earlier in the day , the    also made clear that Russian what he said in President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia Twitter post President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia Thursday when he bluntly threatened to expand America President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia nuclear arsenal after more than three decades in which the number of American and Russian weapons has shrunk . Sweeping aside Russian by his aides to temper his comments President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia or to suggest President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia he was merely talking about curbing President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia spread of nuclear technology , especially to terrorists , Mr. Trump told a    host , Mika Brzezinski of MSNBC : " Let it be an arms race . We will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them a   host, Mika Brzezinski of MSNBC . " Through a combination a   host, Mika Brzezinski of MSNBC bravado and diplomatic outreach four weeks before moving into the Oval Office , Mr. Trump appeared eager to employ his Mr. Trump as a successful business negotiator Mr. Trump threatening new nuclear deployments as potential leverage against Mr. Putin and other nuclear powers . Mr. Trump could choose to continue , or Mr. Trump , President Obama ’s vigorous nuclear modernization plan , already underway , and decide over the next few years whether it is worth spending close to one trillion dollars to replace America ’s aging fleets of bombers , submarines and    ballistic missiles . Russia and China are in the midst of their own major nuclear modernization efforts . While previous presidents Russia and China spent as long as a year conducting nuclear posture reviews , Mr. Trump once again demonstrated that he has little patience with such traditional niceties and is Mr. Trump holding back his conduct of foreign policy before taking office next month Mr. Trump " I think it ’s putting every nation on notice that the United States is going to reassert its position in the globe , " Sean Spicer , the United States will be Mr. Trump ’s spokesman in the White House , said on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe " program on Friday . Mr. Trump appears to be open to a new relationship Mr. Trump’s even as he makes threats about what could happen if Mr. Putin crossed Mr. Trump’s . In response to Mr. Putin ’s letter , Mr. Mr. Putin said that a failure Mr. Putin side to " Mr. Trump’s to these thoughts " would require the United States to " travel an alternate path . " That apparently includes Mr. Trump ’s belief that his administration would win the upper hand Mr. Trump’s , expensive competition over Mr. Trump’s size and effectiveness of the countries’ nuclear arsenals . It is unclear what prompted Mr. Trump ’s focus on nuclear issues two days before Christmas senior aides refused Mr. Trump’s for an explanation about the roots of his statements . It is also hard to know how much of Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s that he could outspend and outpace any adversary amounts to strategy Mr. Trump’s how much is simply Mr. Trump’s negotiating stand . Activists who have been fighting for years to reduce nuclear stockpiles reacted with alarm at the prospect that the    might engage in a new nuclear competition with Russia . " The statements made by    Trump undermine decades of work the United States and its allies have been involved in to Mr. Trump’s nuclear weapons stockpiles and to prevent the additional proliferation the United States nuclear weapons , " said Byron L. Dorgan , a former senator from North Dakota and a board member at the Center for Arms Control and   . " A nuclear arms race puts everyone on this planet in greater danger . " Mr. Trump ’s warning on nuclear weapons came after Mr. Putin vowed to continue modernizing his nation ’s nuclear weapons and asserted Russia ’s military superiority over the United States . " Mr. Putin course the U. S. has more missiles , submarines and aircraft carriers , but what we say is that we are stronger than any aggressor , and this is the case , " Mr. Putin said we an     news conference in Moscow on Friday . Mr. Putin said Russia Mr. Putin seeking a new nuclear arms race with the United States that his Mr. Putin ill afford Russia’s and he reacted dismissively to Mr. Trump ’s Twitter the United States and Russia’s American arsenal , noting that Mr. Putin was similar to what the    had promised on the campaign trail . " So there is nothing unusual here , " Mr. Putin said . As far back as 1987 , Mr. Trump talked about his desire to negotiate nuclear Mr. Putin agreements with a declining but aggressive Soviet Union . In recent weeks Mr. Trump has met with Mr. Trump of the most savvy survivors of the Cold War   —    notably Henry Kissinger , the former secretary Mr. Trump state , and Robert M. Gates , the former defense secretary   —    at a moment when American relations with Russia are clearly at a turning point . Republicans who have spoken to Mr. Trump say he seems to realize that his opening gestures to Moscow will be closely observed at home , in Europe and among other allies . Mr. Trump have split with him Mr. Trump Russia ’s meddling in the American election , promising congressional inquiries after intelligence agencies concluded that Russia had used a combination of Mr. Trump and Russia warfare techniques to help elect Mr. Trump as president . At the heart of the Russia about Mr. Trump ’s nuclear plans is what he meant by the phrase " greatly strengthen and expand America ’s nuclear capability . " Had he used the word " modernize , Mr. Trump he would have been echoing the phrase used by the Obama administration . But the idea Mr. Trump Mr. Obama has said , is to Mr. Trump the arsenal , not increase it . The modernization effort began in earnest after the passage Obama New Start treaty in 2010 , an arms control treaty that Mr. the arsenal pushed through with Dmitri A. Medvedev , then the Russian president . But in the name of improving safety and reliability , some Obama —    and prominent arms strategists   —    argued that Mr. Obama was setting the stage for a new president to expand the arsenal . Mr. Obama acknowledged that danger in the spring , warning of Obama for " ramping up new and more deadly and more effective systems that end Obama to a whole new escalation of the arms race . " It was a startling admission for a president who had come to office more than seven years earlier talking about eventually ridding the world of nuclear weapons . China , for its part , has been modernizing a fleet of several hundred nuclear missiles and embarked on an aggressive    program to blind United States satellites in a conflict China But Mr. Obama ’s Pentagon is also leaving a number of projects that Mr. Trump could embrace , including an     warhead that can travel up to 17 , 000 miles per hour . The Chinese are working on a similar weapon that is designed to avoid American missile defenses , prompting a warning to a congressional commission last year that an arms race was in its opening moments , long before Mr. Trump was elected . 
 Mr. Trump an arms race 