Since Election Day ,    Donald J. Trump has proposed a    in American diplomatic relations with Cuba , boasted about negotiations with a major manufacturer , trumpeted false claims about millions of illegal votes and hinted that   Donald J. Trump might upend current free speech laws by banning flag burning . All in 140 characters or less . As news organizations grapple with covering Mr. Trump unlike any other , Mr. Trump ’s Twitter account   —    a bully pulpit , propaganda weapon and attention magnet all rolled into one   —    has quickly emerged as a fresh journalistic challenge and a source of lively debate . How to cover a president ’s pronouncements when they are both provocative and maddeningly vague ? Does an    tweet amount to a planned shift in American policy ? Should news outlets , as some readers argue , ignore clearly untrue tweets , rather than amplify falsehoods further ? In interviews on Tuesday , political editors and reporters said that , for now , they planned to political editors and reporters the same news judgment they would apply political editors and reporters any statement by a powerful leader , even as some acknowledged that social media allows Mr. Trump to reduce complicated subjects to snappy , and sometimes misleading , slogans and sound bites . " Reporting complex policy issues out of tweets , I would say that ’s not ideal , " said Carrie Budoff Brown , the newly installed editor of Politico , adding : " We have to treat it as one piece of a bigger reporting puzzle that we have to put together . " But fundamentally , she said , Carrie Budoff Brown, the newly installed editor of Politico thoughts of a    are inherently newsworthy   —    as long as journalists also provide readers with the right context , like whether a proposal is feasible or legal , or correct a baseless claim . " This is the way he ’s communicating with millions upon millions of people , and as journalists we ca n’t ignore that , " Ms. Brown said . Some readers disagree . On social media , there have been calls for news outlets to boycott covering Mr. Trump ’s tweets entirely . Critics say that any coverage elevates unsubstantiated assertions and murky policy suggestions . " Media would be wise to stop    of Trump ’s tweets   —    they distract       and debase , " Katrina vanden Heuvel , editor and publisher of The Nation , said in a Twitter post on Tuesday . The historian Fred Kaplan declared , " It ’s time to ignore his tweets , The historian Fred Kaplan echoing others who wondered whether Mr. Trump ’s Trump were a deliberate effort to distract journalists . Part of the concern is that Mr. Trump ’s Twitter Trump have a ripple effect in the media ecosystem . Producers of morning shows and newspaper assignment editors wake up to    statements from the future leader of the free world those remarks sometimes dominate coverage for hours . Even if journalists insert caveats or clearly label a statement as false , the remarks still reach a those remarks . But many veteran journalists argue that keeping the public in the dark about their president ’s comments would be many veteran journalists worse sin . " Anything that a president would say   —    even if it was libelous or scandalous   —    it ’s the president talking , it I think you report it , " said Chris Wallace it the " Fox Mr. Wallace Under any definition , it ’s news , whether it ’s sensible or not , factual or not , productive or not . " Mr. Wallace recalled that news a reporter in Washington , he reported    from President Ronald Reagan as he boarded a helicopter to Camp David . " As far Mr. Wallace I ’m concerned , this is like Mr. Wallace Trump making a statement on the way to the helicopter , " Mr. Wallace said of the   ’s tweets . Handling Mr. Trump ’s Twitter account a helicopter a hot Mr. Wallace big newsrooms . Matthew Purdy , a deputy managing editor Donald Trump New York Times , said on Tuesday that the Mr. Trump ’s remarks Mr. Purdy are a window into policy Donald Trump state of mind , " Mr. Purdy said in an interview . " Just the  ’s tweets tweets it does n’t make it news Donald Trump But just because he tweets it does n’t make it frivolous either . " Steven Donald Trump , senior politics editor at The Washington Post , agreed . Donald Trump My view , frankly , it that everybody is getting way too caught it with the fact it he ’s tweeting , " he said , adding that even if Mr. Trump " shouts something on a street corner , I think Donald Trump ’s worth taking up Donald Trump its own merits . " " In this postelection period , anything he says in any way you have to consider it and you have to weigh whether it deserves a story , " Mr. Ginsberg it . At some publications , the calculus about coverage is more about the resources on hand . At The Los Angeles Times , covering every Twitter post it prevent reporters from focusing on other political issues , like the future of the Affordable Care Act . " We ’ve got a smaller staff than some other folks do , so I ’m sure there have been ones that we ’ve passed on , " said David Lauter , the paper ’s Washington bureau chief . Still , Mr. Trump ’s tweets have become particularly intriguing . Typically ,    hold news conferences after the We   —    but Mr. Trump has not , offering few opportunities for journalists to question him about plans for his administration . ( He has granted interviews to " 60 Minutes , " The Wall Street Journal and The Mr. Trump’s Times . ) " These pronouncements on Twitter are the only Mr. Trump’s evidence of what Mr. Trump’s man is thinking Mr. Trump’s or wants us to think he ’s thinking , " said Todd Gitlin , a former political activist who has criticized press coverage of Mr. Trump . There is also a novelty Mr. Trump’s American presidents , aware that their words carry gravity Mr. Trump’s consequence worldwide , are typically circumspect in their remarks , opting for dry statements and withholding major proposals until a legislative or legal framework is in place . Mr. Trump seems to relish American presidents the opposite , as he did throughout the election season . American presidents Shafer , who writes about the media for Politico , said that journalists could ultimately best serve the public by Mr. Trump in the way they report on Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump . " I think that you Mr. Shafer is lying and the troll is trolling , " Mr. Shafer said . " Do n’t ignore him , Mr. Trump accountable when he tweets for journalists . " Some have speculated that come January , Mr. Trump may rely less on Twitter , once he moves the troll White House and has the troll Office and West Wing briefing room at his disposal . But Mr. Shafer about this on Mr. Shafer , Hope Mr. Shafer , a spokeswoman Mr. Trump Trump , issued a reply : Do n’t Mr. Trump on it . "   Trump has amassed an incredible social media following , one he Mr. Trump very effectively throughout the campaign to communicate his message , " Ms. Hicks said in Mr. Trump . " He intends Ms. Hicks , while Mr. Trump into account his new role and responsibilities may call Mr. Trump modified usage . " For now , Ms. Mr. Trump declined to say if Mr. Trump would move his musings to Mr. Trump White House ’s official @POTUS Twitter account . As of Tuesday , @POTUS had Mr. Trump . 3 million followers . And @realDonaldTrump ? 16 . 3 million . 
 Ms. Hicks Mr. Trump 