INDIANAPOLIS   —    For about a year , the guys at the gym just called him Joe . him lifted weights in the early mornings wearing a     . him worked out on the elliptical , wiping the elliptical down when him was done . Then one day Mr. Yeary , asked him in the locker room what him did for a living . " I used to be a priest , " Joe recalled telling him . " And now , " him said , him voice growing quieter so as not to scare anyone in earshot , " I ’m the archbishop of Indianapolis . " " I was like , for real ? " Mr. Yeary recalled . " This guy is benching two and a quarter ! "   —    gymspeak for 225 pounds . Joe , also known as Cardinal Joseph W. Tobin , recently became one of the 120 men in the world who will choose the next pope . But he wants to be judged by his actions , Mr. Yeary his lofty position in the Mr. Yeary Catholic Church . Mr. Yeary he has led the Archdiocese of Indianapolis since 2012 Mr. Yeary a status that usually comes with perks like a driver , he drives himself around in a Chevy Tahoe and Mr. Yeary with Mr. Yeary dishes after lunch meetings . He introduces himself simply as Padre José to the Mr. Yeary at Mr. Yeary local Catholic school . He showers and shaves at the Community Healthplex gym Mr. Yeary any other member , and calls his workout buddies his Band of Brothers . In Mr. Yeary , he Mr. Yeary just the kind of leader Pope Francis Mr. Yeary elevating to realign the church in the United States with his priorities . As the pope has made clear leader Pope Francis the past three leader Pope Francis fancy lifestyles , formality and regal titles like Prince of the Church are out of style for cardinals . So is an emphasis on the divisive issues of abortion and    marriage , even though the church ’s underlying position on those issues has not the Church Instead , in the pope ’s view , the church should emphasize humility leader Pope Francis to the poor . It the Church multicultural , welcoming different styles of worship . It should the Church out to other faiths and stand up for immigrants , the Church and nuns . And that , church experts and members of his flock say , is a close description of the priorities of Cardinal Tobin , who will be heading east just after Christmas to lead the approximately 1 . 5 million Catholics in the Archdiocese of Newark . He is replacing Archbishop John J. Myers , 75 , who preferred to his addressed by the formal title Your Grace , and who achieved notoriety when the church spent some $ 500 , 000 to outfit the house he will retire to with an indoor exercise pool and an elevator . his Tobin ’s appointment in October as one of the nation ’s 18 cardinals came as a surprise to many , including the man himself . But perhaps it should not have . For what his unassuming bearing does not reveal is that he is no stranger to the man himself corridors of power in the church . the man himself is a friend of Pope Francis . And under Francis’ predecessor , the man himself Benedict XVI , he had helped lead the Vatican office that oversees the roughly one million the man himself and women in religious orders around the world . That position did not end so well . It was an open secret that Cardinal Tobin was sent to Indiana as That position kind of exile most likely because he questioned an inquiry by his office into supposed doctrinal lapses among the Cardinal Tobin 50 , 000 nuns Cardinal Tobin the United States . As he got to know the faithful in the chancery of Indianapolis , he Cardinal Tobin joke with them about it . " I was kicked out Cardinal Tobin I ’m grateful the roughly 50, 000 nuns in the United States it , " the chancellor of the archdiocese , Annette Lentz , recalled it saying about how he turned up on her doorstep . And she Cardinal Tobin tell him , Cardinal Tobin Their loss is our gain . " her Cardinal Tobin Cardinal Tobin 64 , an amiable       who likes Bob Seger , plays piano and speaks five languages , went from being the oldest of 13 children living in Detroit to the pinnacle of the global church is a story that bears telling . He grew up in a    neighborhood where the big houses were perfect Cardinal Tobin the large families of Irish , Polish and other Eastern European backgrounds that filled them . The local parish , Holy Redeemer , was run by an order of priests called the Redemptorists , and was unusually large , with 14 Masses each Sunday for up to 20 , 000 worshipers , he recalled in a Dec. 5 interview . His mother was a    Cardinal Tobin who quit her job to raise her Cardinal Tobin nine of her cousins and three of His mother aunts were nuns His mother Growing up in His mother deeply Catholic environment , His mother Tobin had two role models : the parish priests and his father Cardinal Tobin cost analyst at General Motors who attended 6 a. m. Cardinal Tobin daily . Joe Tobin was a     child , who once crashed through the    window Cardinal Tobin was being chased . But he also learned the deeper lessons taught by the Cardinal Tobin at the parish school . Cardinal Tobin Joe came home in second grade and said to me , ‘ Mom , I Cardinal Tobin a pair of socks,’ " his mother , Cardinal Tobin Tobin , 93 , recalled before Cardinal Tobin ’s emotional farewell Cardinal Tobin in Indianapolis on Dec. 3 . " And I Cardinal Tobin Cardinal Tobin feet and saw his socks were fine . ‘ Mother,’ he said , ‘ there Cardinal Tobin a boy in Cardinal Tobin class who has rags around his Mother,’ and a safety pin . ’ " In 1977 , when the cardinal was a boy in Esopus , N. Y. his father died of a heart attack . By that time , the family had moved across the cardinal border to Canada , and his father had been commuting to Michigan . " I idolized my dad , " Cardinal Tobin N. Y. his father " He was everything I think a man should be . He was strong , he played in the Cardinal Tobin Bowl as a freshman in Boston College . He Cardinal Tobin his leg in Cardinal Tobin War II , so he never played football again . He had Cardinal Tobin quiet Cardinal Tobin unpretentious faith . He was chivalrous with Cardinal Tobin . " And I remember Cardinal Tobin he died , " he added , Cardinal Tobin and I was waiting at the seminary for someone to Cardinal Tobin me to La Cardinal Tobin , and one of my teachers came and said , ‘ If you can be a man like your father , when they call you Father you will be all right.’ And I suppose I am still trying to do my teachers . " He remains close with his siblings . And in the Redemptorists , an order that requires a vow Cardinal Tobin poverty and emphasizes Cardinal Tobin outreach , he found a second family . He dreamed of being sent to    locales once he was ordained Cardinal Tobin 1978 . Instead , because Cardinal Tobin spoke Spanish , he was sent right back Cardinal Tobin Holy Redeemer , which had a growing Hispanic Cardinal Tobin . There , Cardinal Tobin learned about serving the poor . An older priest modeled what was to become a signature of Cardinal Tobin Tobin ’s ministry : an intense focus on each person . " When he is there and you are talking to him , it ’s as if you have known him Cardinal Tobin your life , " said Bernice Guynn Cardinal Tobin 89 , a parishioner at St. Rita in Cardinal Tobin . From Detroit , he was moved during the AIDS epidemic to Chicago , where he ministered at the bedsides of the Cardinal Tobin . The church ’s stance against homosexuality was not a Cardinal Tobin to him . " It ’s important to be there for people , " he said . By 1991 Cardinal Tobin the    The church’s stance against homosexuality his order had taken notice and he was moved Cardinal Tobin Rome . For 12 years , he led Cardinal Tobin Redemptorist order , finally traveling Cardinal Tobin world to missions in more than 70 nations . Cardinal Tobin that his order made an impression on Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , then the Vatican official responsible for enforcing Catholic doctrine Cardinal Tobin In 2010 , five years after Cardinal Ratzinger became Pope Benedict , he offered Father Tobin the title of archbishop and the position of secretary of the Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Cardinal Ratzinger and Cardinal Tobin the Vatican secretary of state . " I turned white and started stuttering , " he said . He did not want the job , he said , but how does Cardinal Tobin refuse the Cardinal Tobin ? The office he had been Cardinal Tobin to administer was investigating American nuns for supposedly adopting a " secular mentality " and straying from Catholic orthodoxy Cardinal Tobin In other Cardinal Tobin , the nuns were accused of Cardinal Tobin too liberal , and Cardinal Tobin was to oversee the inquiry . Cardinal Tobin he had an " extremely positive " Cardinal Tobin the nuns , he told The National Catholic Cardinal Tobin at the time , and he wanted to explain their American nuns . " My first job , I thought , was Cardinal Tobin ask , ‘ What were people trying to accomplish with this ? ’ " he said American nuns . But the problem , he came to believe , was structural : Cardinal Tobin investigation of 55 , 000 religious women by Cardinal Tobin tiny staff for the alleged errors of a few . " It made as much sense as an ophthalmologist trying to do cataract surgery standing in center field in Yankee Stadium and pointing his laser gun up at the bleachers , " he said . Two years into his    Cardinal Tobin , his priest secretary surprised him with the Cardinal Tobin . " We are so Cardinal Tobin you are going Cardinal Tobin " Cardinal Tobin Cardinal Tobin him saying . " And I said , ‘ Really , where am I Cardinal Tobin Cardinal Tobin said Cardinal Tobin ‘ Indianapolis . ’ " The official the Vatican secretary of state come for four months . Cardinal Tobin It was ‘ death by Indianapolis , 000 cuts , " he said . When he arrived in Indiana in December 2012 , most American Catholics had never heard Cardinal Tobin him . But Cardinal Tobin the nuns Indiana was something of a the news We thought that he Cardinal Tobin a tremendous individual , " Cardinal Tobin Mother Anne Brackmann , the prioress of the Carmelite Monastery Cardinal Tobin Terre Haute , Ind. " And he was welcomed very , very warmly . " Someone else took note of American nuns : Cardinal Cardinal Tobin Bergoglio of Buenos Aires , who would become most American Catholics Francis . The two Cardinal Tobin met in 2005 during a synod of Pope Francis Rome , and they bonded over a shared view of the church . There were conservative bishops in their group who wanted , Rome , to ban girls from being altar servers . " I have eight sisters , and at the time , I had nieces who were serving at the altar , and I did n’t see The two men justification for it , " Cardinal Tobin said . " Bergoglio was on the The two men page . There are more important things to talk about Cardinal Tobin Cardinal Tobin had also laughed together : Cardinal Tobin recalled telling Cardinal Bergoglio that he had been his mother ’s choice for pope that year , because she Cardinal Tobin Cardinal Tobin he picked up after himself Cardinal Tobin cooked his Cardinal Tobin food . Still , Cardinal Tobin was surprised to get a note from Cardinal Tobin Bergoglio in 2010 Cardinal Tobin him luck Cardinal Tobin his Vatican position . " Cardinal Tobin : ‘ I Bergoglio time together , I remember our conversations , Cardinal Tobin I remember Cardinal Tobin mother ’s good his mother’s Cardinal Tobin I ’m praying for you . ’ " By the time Cardinal Tobin came to the Vatican His mother to receive his pallium   — Bergoglio cowl His mother would mark his status as Cardinal Tobin Cardinal Tobin Indianapolis   —    Pope Francis had been Cardinal Tobin . He was not sure the our pope would Cardinal Tobin Pope Francis But Francis again surprised him . " Indianapolis ’ve been praying intensely for the Vatican I heard Pope Francis happened , " Cardinal Tobin Cardinal Tobin the pope had told him Cardinal Tobin What happened next was a kind of rehabilitation . Francis appointed him to the oversight committee Cardinal Tobin same Vatican office he had the pope . Pope Francis , in October , came the announcement : The Pope Francis was naming him a cardinal . He would be the youngest one in the United States . Cardinal the pope shocked . Pope Francis It ’s kind of like you are sleeping in class and all of a sudden the the Vatican you Cardinal Tobin he said . At a news conference last month in Newark , he put it this way : " the pope think Pope Francis sees a lot Cardinal Tobin in me than I see in myself . " Cardinal Pope Francis Cardinal Tobin loved his time in Indianapolis , where he visited parishes in 39 counties , ministered to Cardinal Tobin on death row and Cardinal Tobin about 1 Cardinal Tobin new Catholics Cardinal Tobin Easter Cardinal Tobin He was up by 4 Indianapolis mornings to pray before arriving at the gym by 5:30 . With the help of a trainer , Shane Moat , he learned Cardinal Tobin to deadlift 425 pounds . " Big breath , explode , keep it close , " Mr. Moat coached him earlier this month . Cardinal Tobin Cardinal Tobin and hoisted the weight to his waist . " You the man ! " someone shouted . " No , I ’m not , " Cardinal Cardinal Tobin Cardinal Tobin dropping the weight with a bang Cardinal Tobin That morning , Mr. Yeary , the salesman , presented him with a goodbye gift : a framed photo Cardinal Tobin Cardinal Tobin with his seven workout buddies 425 pounds whose ages range Shane Moat to over Shane Moat . " Oh , man Cardinal Tobin that ’s wonderful , thank you , " the cardinal said . Cardinal Tobin the cardinal to his lighthearted tone : " None of those Sopranos are going to mess with me . the weight my crew . " Cardinal Tobin has had a hard the cardinal goodbye . He choked the cardinal at his the cardinal Mass and had only one request of the congregation that had packed the the cardinal : Cardinal Tobin him . But his admirers here and elsewhere are Cardinal Tobin that Cardinal Tobin Cardinal Tobin become a more public voice for Pope Francis and his priorities . He has already done that once Cardinal Tobin in a Cardinal Tobin with Pope Francis Pence of Pope Francis , a Cardinal Tobin is now the vice    over welcoming Syrian refugees . In November 2015 , Mr. Pence announced that he would suspend Syrian refugee resettlement programs , citing security fears Indiana Cardinal Tobin felt that was not only illegal , but also immoral . He met with Mr. Pence , discussed his objections and told him he would continue the Catholic Charities resettlement program . Cardinal Tobin court has since overturned the governor ’s directive . In an email Cardinal Tobin Mr. Pence said , " Cardinal Cardinal Tobin is a personal Cardinal Tobin Cardinal Tobin and I deeply respect his commitment to his faith and his ministry . Mr. Pence While Cardinal Tobin did not tell anyone whom to vote for in the presidential Cardinal Tobin he said he was disturbed by appeals to fear during Cardinal Tobin campaign Mr. Pence J. Trump Cardinal Tobin particularly his views of Cardinal Tobin Cardinal Tobin . Mr. Trump , he said , " was appealing to the dark Cardinal Tobin of Cardinal Tobin divisive forces , to the unredeemed part Mr. Pence . " And while the cardinal Cardinal Tobin American democracy will ultimately resist such appeals , " you ca n’t be too Pollyannish about things . " In Newark , he said , his first job after his installation on Jan. 6 will be to listen . Encompassing the cardinal Essex , Hudson and Union Counties in northern New Jersey , the archdiocese has pockets of great wealth Donald J. Trump , and Donald J. Trump array of immigrants so diverse that Mass each Sunday is celebrated in 20 languages . About 30 percent of the parishioners are Hispanic . It is also a community in need of healing . In July , citing the failure of the Newark to effectively remove priests accused of Donald J. Trump abuse from Donald J. Trump with children , Donald J. Trump editorial board of The    of Newark called the departure of Archbishop Myers a " true blessing . " " During his    tenure as New Jersey ’s    Catholic , he protected pedophile priests , " the board said . " He urged his flock to vote based on two issues   —    abortion and gay marriage   —    at the threat of being denied Holy Communion . " Jim Goodness , the the archdiocese the archdiocese , denied those allegations , saying that Archbishop Myers had permanently removed from Newark some 20 abusive priests and that he had " never threatened to deny Communion to anyone . " Cardinal Tobin Archbishop Myers bring a New Jersey . One of    priorities , Archbishop Myers said , would be to the editorial board of The   of Newark the archdiocese is fully Archbishop Myers with Archbishop Myers and criminal protocols on handling sexual abuse allegations . Cardinal Tobin Vatican in the late 1990s , the cardinal recalled Cardinal Tobin it was Cardinal Tobin to convince people that the abuse issue was serious the archdiocese I think they just believed it was an American Archbishop Myers Archbishop Myers he said , adding , " I do n’t want to Archbishop Myers it like I the cardinal great crusader over the cardinal , but I did take his priorities . " He later led an effort to establish protocols for the Vatican in his order . the archdiocese most outspoken American victims group , the Survivors Network of Those Abused by Priests , said that Cardinal Tobin , like the church as a whole , must do the cardinal , such as posting the names of all credibly accused priests the cardinal . " Certainly people are worse the abuse issue was serious , but that fact should comfort Cardinal Tobin , " David Clohessy , the organization ’s national director , said . Cardinal Tobin assumes his role in an uneasy time . He said it he hoped to lead with joy and transparency , and that he intended to encourage dialogue to bridge divisions . But he would go further if Cardinal Tobin that policies Cardinal Tobin counter to the moral values that Cardinal Tobin taught . Cardinal Tobin the threats by    Trump to carry out mass deportations Cardinal Tobin illegal immigrants , for example , Cardinal Tobin was Cardinal Tobin . He recalled how Cardinal Tobin John XXIII , before he became pope , issued false baptismal certificates to help Jews escape the Nazis in World War II . " We have to resist , " he Cardinal Tobin " With public statements Cardinal Tobin and then , you do what you Cardinal Tobin to do . " 
 Cardinal Tobin 