Three months before the November election , voters in New Hampshire , long one of the purple swing states in presidential elections , clearly favor Hillary Clinton over Donald J. Trump , according to a new poll . And another poll shows Hillary Clinton holding a narrower lead in Florida . New Hampshire voters who either prefer or lean toward Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton who prefer or lean toward Mr. Trump by 47 percent to 32 percent , according to the poll , another poll WBUR , an NPR station in Boston , by the MassInc Polling Group . Gary Johnson , a Libertarian , was favored by 8 percent . Mrs. Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton remarkable turnaround for a candidate who lost New Hampshire ’s Democratic primary in February . Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont clobbered her , 60 percent to 38 Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont . But against Mr. Trump , Mrs. Clinton does much better Hillary Clinton 48 percent say she is fit to be president Hillary Clinton only 31 percent say that of Mr. Trump . Nationally , according to Mr. Trump Fox News poll , Mrs. Clinton holds a    lead Hillary Clinton Trump . Still , even in New Hampshire Mr. Trump is not all smooth sailing for her : 46 percent of voters there Hillary Clinton Mrs. Clinton is not fit to be Hillary Clinton and 29 percent think she should be sent to prison for her Hillary Clinton of a personal email server while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state . But 56 Hillary Clinton of New Hampshire voters say she came out of her convention a stronger Hillary Clinton , and only Hillary Clinton percent said the same of Mr. Trump . Perhaps most important , 63 percent say Mr. Trump is not fit to be president . The survey Mr. Trump 609 likely voters , was conducted from July 29 to Aug. 1 and has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus four percentage points . Mrs. Clinton is also leading at this juncture Hillary Clinton , a major swing state that would be crucial to any Trump strategy for winning nationwide . Mrs. Clinton leads Mr. Trump in Florida Mr. Trump six Hillary Clinton , 48 percent to 42 percent Mr. Trump poll released Florida by Suffolk University in Boston . In a    race , her lead narrows to 43 percent over 39 percent for Hillary Clinton Trump Mr. Johnson wins 4 percent of the vote , and Jill Stein , the Green Party nominee , wins 3 percent . 
 