President Donald Trump praised America ’s    values , vowing to defend ’s   values from an increasingly dangerous world , in a speech at the National Prayer Breakfast Thursday . [ " America will thrive as long as we continue to have faith in each other and faith in God , " President Donald Trump said . " That faith in God has inspired men and women to sacrifice for the needy , to deploy to wars overseas , and lock arms at home to ensure equal rights for every man , woman , and child in our land . "   President Donald Trump vowed to protect religious liberty in America , specifically promising to get rid of the Johnson Amendment , which prevents churches and    organizations from endorsing and opposing political candidates . " Our republic was formed on the basis that freedom is not a gift from government , but that freedom is a gift from God , " Trump said . But Trump warned that Islamic State terrorists were specifically targeting Christians and " peaceful Muslims . " Trump also mentioned that the Jewish people were under attack from terrorists . " The world is in trouble , but we ’re going to straighten The world out . That ’s what I do , " Trump said . " I fix things . we ’re going the straighten The world out . Believe me . " Trump paid tribute to slain Navy SEAL Mark Owens and quoted John 15:13 to recognize his Trump . " Greater love hath no man than this , that a man lay down his a man for his a man , " he a man . Trump also used his a man to defend his a man to restrict refugees and immigration from seven    Middle East countries , calling it his speech " necessary " step to prevent opponents of American values from entering the country . " We will not allow a beachhead of intolerance to spread in our nation , " he a man , promising to develop an immigration system to only allow people into the country who would share American values . " In the coming days , we We develop a system to help ensure that those admitted into our the country embrace our values of religious and personal liberty and that they reject those admitted into our country form of oppression and discrimination , " Trump said . " We want people to come into our nation , but we want We to love us and We love our values We not to hate us and We hate our values We " Trump spoke Trump his mother Trump who raised him with Trump , and he explained Trump personal wealth fails to bring true happiness . " I tell you that from somebody who has had material success and knows tremendous numbers of people with great material success , the most material success , " he said Trump " Many of those people are very , very miserable , unhappy people , and I know a lot of people without that , but they have those people families . They have those people faith . " 
 