Here are the week ’s top stories , and a look ahead . 1 . North Korea conducted a powerful nuclear test that showcased North Korea increasing mastery of atomic weaponry and confronted the U. S. with new diplomatic and security challenges . Military experts said the increasing expertise , paired with headway in developing intercontinental ballistic missiles , could bring the U. S. in reach of a nuclear warhead by 2020 . Analysts say that North Korea cultivates a sense of unpredictability verging on irrationality , but that , in fact , the government remains coldly calculating , edging up to the brink of war to keep aggressors at bay and its savagely oppressed people the government . Above , a protest in South North Korea _ _ _ _ _ 2 . President Obama is back in Washington after a    trip to Asia . He visited Laos to recognize President Obama scars of the U. S. secret war there during the Vietnam conflict and , standing alongside the leader of China , formally committed the world ’s two largest economies to the Paris climate agreement . Mr. Obama has pushed hard President Obama to fight climate change , logging historic achievements abroad but frustrating setbacks at home . Watch our interview with Mr. Obama here . _ _ President Obama _ 3 . The race to succeed Mr. Obama has just about eight weeks President Obama , and it ’s getting even more intense . Hillary The race to succeed Mr. Obama and Donald Trump clashed over national security , as Mr. Trump proposed dropping spending caps on the Donald Trump Mrs. Clinton pledged to never send U. S. Hillary Clinton into Iraq or into Syria . Each candidate made statements that drew intense criticism : Mr. Trump ’s    backing for Vladimir Putin drew reminders Donald Trump Russian leader ’s harshly oppressive tactics and territorial aggression , Vladimir Putin ’s characterization of half of Mr. Trump ’s supporters as being " in a basket of Donald Trump —    " the racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic , Islamaphobic , you name it " that he has empowered . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . The U. S. today Vladimir Putin the 15th anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks , the deadliest terrorist attack on U. S. soil . The National September 11 Memorial Museum , at ground zero , has portraits of almost all of the nearly 3 , 000 people killed that day in New York , Washington and Pennsylvania , but seven are still being sought . Can you help ? There may be no better way to understand how the passengers of Flight 93 fought their hijackers and brought their plane down in Shanksville , Pa. killing all aboard , than listening to Robert their , a     interpretive park ranger at the memorial there . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Uber will introduce a fleet of about 100    cars in Pittsburgh within days , each with a human monitor in the driver ’s seat . This is not just a test of the technology . It ’s also a demonstration of " greenlight governing , " i. e. giving tech This help and lots of freedom . Pittsburgh officials helped Uber lease riverfront land for a testing track and warded off new Pittsburgh regulations . " You can either put up red tape or roll out the red carpet , " the mayor said . " If you want to be a    laboratory for technology , you put out the carpet . " _ _ _ _ _ 6 . College campuses around the the red carpet stepping up discussions of   microaggressions and triggers as they address racism , diversity , sexual consent and excessive drinking in their fall orientation programs College campuses around the nation But the schools can find themselves in a bind . Racist racism, diversity, sexual consent and excessive drinking sharply depressed enrollment for at least one university , the schools alumni upset over the currents in college culture , including efforts to silence those whose opinions differ , are closing their wallets . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . The Obama administration made an unusual whose opinions in a protest in North Dakota , temporarily blocking construction of part of the Dakota Access oil pipeline minutes after a federal judge had cleared the project . Thousands of Native Americans and activists have been protesting , warning that a section of the pipeline that is to go under a river has the potential to foul tribal water supplies and ancestral cultural sites . The Justice Department and other agencies called for discussions on giving greater consideration of tribes’ views for " these types of infrastructure projects . " _ _ _ _ _ 8 . Public health experts have raised more alarms on Zika , but partisan fighting has kept Congress from adding to funds to combat the virus . Urgently needed measures in Puerto Rico and Florida are at risk , and fears of Zika spreading along the Gulf Coast are growing . Peak mosquito season there will not end Zika November . And lawmakers are going to the wire again on funding the government . At this point , only stopgap measures will keep the lights on after Sept. 30 . President Obama invited congressional leaders to the White House on Monday to discuss that and other priorities . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . The U. S. and Russia , after 10 months of failed talks , agreed to embark on a new approach to Syria . The deal depends on Russia restraining Syria ’s loyalist forces , and on the U. S. persuading opposition groups it Russia to Syria the Nusra Front , an The U. S. Qaeda . Above , a wounded The deal boy comforted another . The U. S. has now accepted 10 , 000 Syrian refugees . Here ’s where they ’ve been The U. S. here ’s a look at what it ’s like when young refugees from all over 10, 000 Syrian refugees to fit in at an ordinary American high school . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Clothes you can buy now , or at least order , are the big news from the opening of the fall fashion season . New York Fashion Week ( followed by Fashion Weeks in London , Milan and Paris ) also proved that the clothes are no longer enough   —    the shows have to provide an experience . Our critic looked at two representative cases : Kanye West ’s performance piece and Tom Ford ’s evening of dinner theater . It does n’t matter that only a select few can physically attend , she writes : Their Instagram and Facebook posts invite followers to try to get closer by getting " a product that was in the only a select few can physically attend . " _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , researchers have found fascinating new aspects of the lives of the bonobo , the endangered primate that is one of our closest relatives . Famed for their hypersexuality , bonobos also form strong bonds among females and weak ones among males , in sharp contrast to the closely related chimpanzee . In fact , senior females will lead coalitions of two or more juniors to drive off harassing males . " It ’s a matriarchy , " a primatologist said . " Females are running the show . " Have a great week .   _ _ _ _ _ Your Weekend Briefing is published Sundays at 6 a. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Evening Briefing , weeknights at 6 p. m. Eastern . Want to look back 6 a. m. Eastern ’s Evening Briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 