EARNING THE ROCKIES How Geography Shapes America ’s Role in the World By Robert D. Kaplan 201 pp . Random House . $ 27 . Well over half of American voters , having cast ballots for Hillary Clinton or    candidates , awoke the next morning to a country that seems not only unfamiliar but   . Populists embrace a celebrity billionaire , evangelicals welcome a    Lothario , conservatives accept an opportunist whose only ideological commitment is to himself . The Republican establishment proves helpless against the hijacking of the party , the mainstream media prove ineffectual against the tide of fake news and the political system proves vulnerable to the machinations of a sinister foreign government . Longstanding global alliances are questioned , longstanding political norms are trashed   —    and then the candidate with the     plurality loses . In what alternative universe does this make any sense ? As Karl Marx said , in a very different context : All that is solid melts into air . Or maybe not . Maybe the political air is turbulent but the country ’s tectonic fundamentals remain solid . Maybe American politics and geopolitics rest on a foundation as immovable as the rivers and plains of the country itself . For those who feel disoriented , and also ( perhaps especially ) for those who feel triumphant , Robert D. Kaplan ’s small but magisterial new book , " Earning the Rockies , " is a tonic , because it brings fundamentals back into view . With only 180 uncrowded pages of text , this is a book that can be read on a     flight , but fully digesting this will take much longer . Every page brings a fresh insight , a telling aperçu , a bracing reality check . If you do read the book at 30 , 000 feet , it will make you yearn to be down below . To understand America , Kaplan posits , one must still " earn the Rockies , " reaching them on terra firma as our ancestors did . " To fly to California and set your clock back three hours is not to know the ground you have covered , because you have n’t seen all the different mornings and evenings along the way . " Kaplan Kaplan one of America ’s most distinguished writers on foreign affairs , with 16 prior books to his Kaplan . ( He Kaplan I are both contributing editors of The Atlantic , though we do n’t know each other . ) Many will recall his Kaplan Atlantic The Atlantic ( then book ) " The Coming Anarchy , " which looks eerily prescient today . In his Kaplan as a hitchhiker and again in middle age as a journalist , Kaplan Kaplan across the continental United States . Today , perplexed by America the continental United States pivot against the successful global order that Americans built , he Kaplan the journey , " for the answers to our dilemmas overseas lie within the continent itself . " He Kaplan with a musing travelogue , one that seeks , in words as carefully chosen as gemstones , to bring America the continental United States geographic and geopolitical fundamentals back into the picture . He Kaplan in the East , where the landscape is vertical , cluttered with tall trees and taller cities . Walking streets that are thriving and dismal by turns , and overhearing conversations in rural diners and urban coffeehouses , he Kaplan not one country but two . Wheeling , in West Virginia coal country , is in a shocking state of collapse , but across the bridge in Marietta , Ohio , he Kaplan prosperity fueled by    fracking . In Bloomington , the home of Indiana University , he Kaplan " a truly global civilization , " demarcated by " miles and miles of expensive restaurants and    people . " The new " universal civilization " is slowly dissolving local distinctiveness , but only for some : Bloomington Bloomington understand their British Bloomington’s elites better than they do Bloomington’s elites compatriots Bloomington’s elites Wheeling . In place after place , Kaplan encounters people who , though friendly and    " have in some important ways just given up . " Even in blue states , many " feel their way Even in blue states life is being endangered and fear being economically left behind in this new world of slim people on    diets with stylish clothes . " Then the " horizontal landscape " of the Great Plains unfurls before him , Kaplan by the great American desert of the West , endless landscapes that forged an independent ethos yet , paradoxically , were built with the aid of enormous government investment . Here he finds Kaplan cradle of America ’s international ambitions : " If this unending vastness could be conquered , then , after some fashion , the world could be , too . " At last , he arrives Kaplan San Diego , overlooking the port of the mighty United States Pacific Fleet and peering over the horizon toward Asia , where the fleet the mighty United States Pacific Fleet keep an uneasy peace . What do we learn along the way ? For all the turbulent change swirling about us now , America was and remains the product of an exceptional geography . North America has America of navigable inland waterways than much of the rest of the world combined . Better still , its rivers run diagonally America than ( as in Russia ) north and south , forming an ideal network for internal communication and trade . Moreover , America ’s continental span America rich resource base shield it from external threat America dependency . Thus the United States is America geography to form and sustain a cohesive continental union . Union is not the same as a cohesive continental union , but it ’s a good start . a cohesive continental union ’s geographical and hydrological blessings America not only inward but also outward . " The United States is not a America Its geographic bounty gave it the possibility of America a world power America and with that power it has developed longstanding obligations , a world power America account of its continued economic and social dynamism relative to America powers , it keeps , " Kaplan writes . " America are , " he says ( his italics ) " fated to Kaplan . " Kaplan a host of reasons , ranging from geography to culture , no other country can play the same role . Kaplan embraces America ’s    role but is no Kaplan . His book is most challenging , and most valuable Kaplan for the layers of paradox it mines . Geography and union make the United His book a hegemon whose auspices create the America   —    but globalization diminishes America ’s geographical advantages and erodes American unity . Meanwhile , America globalization uproots local economies and norms , the communications revolution spawns new tribal and ideological identities , everything from jihadism to   . " It is n’t the clash of civilizations so much as the clash of artificially reconstructed civilizations that is taking place , " Kaplan writes . Finally , globalization , a product of American influence and a bulwark against chaos , erodes American influence and births new disruptions . For all its unrivaled American and economic power , the United States " American has no possibility of bringing order to the world . " The best we can hope for is to reduce disorder . Doing that requires projecting power , yes , but with a " light and subtle footprint . " It wo n’t be easy . " Earning the Rockies " was written before the 2016 election . The name " Trump " appears only a few times . Yet there is more insight here into the Age of Trump than in bushels of     journalism . George H. W. Bush imagined a new world order and , for a time , built one Bill Clinton embraced soft power and democratic globalization and , for a time , made them work George W. Bush rediscovered history , confrontation , hard soft power and democratic globalization and George H. W. Bush sought to revive Clinton ’s formula but , in the end , left too many behind Bill Clinton And then came Trump , repudiating all of the above for irredentist nationalism , and smashing crockery as none have done since Andrew Jackson . Where are we now ? In territory that is uncharted but not altogether unfamiliar . President Trump may try to ignore the paradoxes of geography and globalism , Trump can not escape them . In the long run , Kaplan reminds us Trump the shape of the paradoxes of geography and globalism river constrains the pilot ’s course . America will continue to lead , because it must Kaplan America 