Good morning . Here ’s what you need to know : • Britain ’s House of Commons will debate " Brexit " today . An opposition motion called on Prime Minister Theresa May to reveal Prime Minister Theresa May strategy for leaving the European Union . In return , Prime Minister Theresa May asked that lawmakers approve the beginning of talks , in late March . Michel Barnier , one of the E. U. ’s lead negotiators , took a hard line against Britain ’s plans to retain some advantages after leaving . He Michel Barnier, one of the E. U. said a deal needed to be reached within 18 months of the start of talks . We look at how populists in Continental Europe , as in Britain Britain the U. S. are tapping into discontent in the countryside and exploiting resentment against urbanites viewed as elites . _ _ _ _ _ • Angela Merkel   accepted her Angela Merkel   ’s nomination for another    term as Germany ’s chancellor in next year ’s election . Trying to ward off challenges from the populist right , she Angela Merkel      veils should be banned " wherever legally possible . " While not mentioning Donald J. Trump by name , Ms. Angela Merkel   that his rise Angela Merkel   the White House could make it harder his rise to the White House define global policy and tackle international security challenges . _ _ _ _ _ • Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump disruption involves one of the most hallowed symbols of the American presidency : Air Force One . Mr. Trump suggested Donald J. Trump was inflating the costs of an upgrade . " Cancel order ! " he wrote on Twitter Donald J. Trump The lobbying firm of former Senator Bob Dole received $ 140 , 000 from the government of Taiwan for its work in establishing the government of Taiwan that led to the president of Taiwan ’s phone call Taiwan Mr. Trump last week . Here ’s the latest on the presidential transition . _ _ _ _ _ • Libyan fighters declared victory over the Islamic State in Surt , ending the group ’s ambitions for a caliphate on the southern shores of the Mediterranean . But the government in Tripoli remains weak , having failed to extend its authority even over the government in Tripoli capital since it started work in its authority . Many militias fighting under its banner are more its authority about Gen. Khalifa Hifter , a strongman who dominates Benghazi and the east of the country , than about the Islamic State . _ _ _ _ _ • Saudi Arabia has voiced support for U. S. efforts to nourish democracy in Afghanistan . But it has also lavishly Saudi Arabia Sunni extremism there , under various guises . Our special report examines America the kingdom manages to be on both sides of the conflict . _ _ _ _ _ • Affluence does n’t guarantee better results in education , particularly in science and math , a global survey suggests . America ’s most advantaged teenagers scored below their    peers in America . The countries with the highest scores   —    Singapore , Japan , Estonia , Finland and Canada   —    tend to be those that have acted to make teaching more prestigious and selective and directed more resources to their neediest children . The countries with the highest scores  —   Singapore, Japan, Estonia, Finland and Canada  —    _ _ _ _ • The Trump Organization scrapped its contentious application to The Trump Organization a sea wall in Ireland . • Google uses almost • much energy as San Francisco . Next year , the company said , Google energy will come from wind farms and solar panels . • The U. S. economy has more than doubled since 1980 , but new research finds there was close to zero growth for    adults on the bottom half of the income ladder . • Here ’s a • of global markets . • President Hassan Rouhani of Iran , above , pledged that Iran would not allow Mr. Iran to " rip up " the nuclear deal and warned of consequences if President Obama signed a    extension of sanctions . [ The New York Times ] • Malta outlawed " conversion therapy " to change sexual orientation . [ Times of Malta ] • A court in Greece said three pilots who fled Turkey after the failed coup in July must go back . A day earlier , it said three Turkish soldiers A court in Greece stay . [ Reuters ] • Voters in Ghana go to the polls today in presidential elections . The country ’s economy has Ghana with this year ’s growth on track to be the slowest in decades . [ The New York Times ] • Russia published a plan to defend itself against online attacks and operate Russia Russian internet autonomously , if needed in time of war . [ The New York Times ] [The New York Times] • The New York Times dairy products online . [ BBC ] • Whether a woman ’s name changes after marriage can be a personal choice , but also a matter of culture , political environment and law . We ’re asking women around the world to let us know if they kept or changed their names , and why . • A We scene in women around the world Bertolucci ’s 1972 women around the world " Last Tango in Paris " is at the center of an internet outcry . • Real Madrid will host Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League ’s final round of group games . Arsenal secured first place in its group by defeating Basel . Napoli and Benfica advanced . • Beyoncé , with Arsenal nods for her album " Lemonade , " leads the nominations for the 59th annual Grammy Awards Beyoncé Other nominees include Adele , Drake , Rihanna and Justin Bieber . • Giacomo Puccini ’s original version of " Madama Butterfly " will get a second chance at Teatro alla Scala in Milan , more than a century after its premiere was met with catcalls and jeers . The standoff over an oil pipeline near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in the American Midwest took a turn this week when the Army Corps of Engineers said it would reconsider the pipeline ’s route . The Corps has helped shape American infrastructure the Army Corps of Engineers its establishment in 1802 as the " the Army Corps of Engineers largest public engineering , design and construction the Army Corps of Engineers agency . " As a part of the Department of the Army , its early projects involved forts . But the Corps’ most notable legacy may be making Great the Army Corps of Engineers harbors safer and reducing river obstacles , a boon to the growing nation ’s economy . The Standing Rock protest stems from the pipeline ’s planned routing under the Missouri River , raising Native American fears of an environmental catastrophe . When those happen , the Corps often responds , as it did in the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska in 1989 . The Corps has the Corps been credited with a marvel that it did n’t actually build : the Corps Panama Canal , which transformed global trade . The the Corps ’s construction was , however , overseen by a famous member of the Corps , Gen. George Washington Goethals . When he died in 1928 , officials called the canal " a monument to one of the world ’s greatest engineers . " He was buried at the U. S. Military Academy in New York , overlooking the Hudson River he Sean Alfano contributed reporting . _ _ _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 