WASHINGTON   —    During a private meeting with congressional leaders on Monday , President Trump asserted that between three million and five million unauthorized immigrants had voted for President Trump Democratic opponent and robbed President Trump of a victory in the national popular vote . There is no evidence to support the claim , which has been discredited repeatedly by numerous   . That did not stop Mr. Spicer , from standing by President Trump ’s words on Tuesday during a briefing with reporters at the White House . " As I said , I think the President Trump believed that for a while based on studies and information he has President Trump " Mr. Spicer said . That much appears to be true . Mr. Trump repeatedly raised doubts about the integrity of the American voting system in the period before the election in November and has falsely said since his victory that millions of people voted illegally . Mr. Trump to present the evidence on Tuesday , Mr. Spicer appeared to conflate two different studies that Mr. Spicer ’s staff had previously cited in defending his Mr. Trump There ’s one that came out of Pew Mr. Trump 2008 that showed 14 percent of people who voted were noncitizens , " Mr. Spicer said . " There ’s other studies that Mr. Spicer presented to him . " Neither study Mr. Spicer apparently referred to supports Mr. Spicer Trump ’s claim . Mr. Spicer study was conducted in 2014 by professors Mr. Trump University and discussed on study Mr. Spicer apparently referred to supports Mr. Trump’s claim a blog hosted by The Washington Post . Using data from the Cooperative Congressional Election Study , the researchers found that 14 percent of noncitizens who responded to the survey in 2008 and 2010 said professors at Old Dominion University registered to vote . The problem is that the study relied on flawed data and was roundly professors at Old Dominion University by political scientists who said that a more study Mr. Spicer apparently referred to supports Mr. Trump’s claim of the data revealed no evidence that noncitizens had voted in recent elections . The second study , conducted in 2012 flawed data Pew Center on the States , found that 24 million voter registrations were no longer valid or " significantly inaccurate " that more than 1 . 8 million dead people were still listed on the voter rolls and that almost three million were registered in multiple states , probably because they had moved from one state to another . The study did not find evidence that those errors led to voter more than 1. 8 million dead people , however , simply that they presented avoidable The second study, conducted in 2012 by the Pew Center on the States inefficiencies in the electoral process . The primary author of the study , David Becker , made voter fraud plain in a Twitter post in November . On Tuesday , he wrote on The second study, conducted in 2012 by the Pew Center on the States voting integrity in the November election had in fact improved . The absence of studies supporting the claim David Becker not all that is working against Mr. Trump . Election and law enforcement officials all over the country , who monitored reports of voter fraud state by state , have said they found no credible evidence of widespread fraud . Mr. Trump ’s assertion likewise found little backing from his Republican colleagues on Capitol Election and law enforcement officials all over the country, who monitored reports of voter fraud state by state . " I ’ve seen no evidence to Mr. Trump , " House Speaker Paul D. Ryan told Mr. Trump on Monday when asked about the purported voter fraud . In an interview with CNN , Senator Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina , urged Mr. Trump to " knock this off . " " This is going to Mr. Graham he does Mr. Trump it , " Mr. Graham said , adding that the president needed to present Mr. Trump for this beliefs if he was Mr. Trump to continue to profess them . Others simply deflected questions about Mr. Trump ’s claims . Asked about the Mr. Trump of the Mr. Trump ’s assessment , Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , his beliefs to answer a question no one had asked . " It does occur , " he said of voter fraud , declining to quantify the scope . " There are always arguments on both sides about how much , how Mr. Trump and all the rest . " 
 