( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . We ’re providing unlimited access to all New York Times digital platforms through Wednesday . Here ’s the latest . 1 . On the eve of Election Day , Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump scrambled around the country , urging voters to see the decision as having almost apocalyptic significance . Hillary Clinton was set to join Bruce Springsteen and the Obamas for a final rally in Philadelphia . Mr. Donald Trump on the attack , faulting the F. B. I. for clearing Mrs. Hillary Clinton second time over her use Hillary Clinton a private email server . Polls show a tight race nationally and in swing states , though early voting data indicates increased Hispanic turnout , which bodes well for Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton _ _ _ 2 . So what time will the race be called a tight race ’s a complicated question a tight race and    projections can be a roller coaster . Our latest election forecast suggests that Mrs. Clinton could Hillary Clinton critical number of electoral votes by 9 p. m. or Mr. Trump by 10 p. m. TV networks have huge operations to crunch numbers , but like all mainstream news media , face intense public distrust . " The pain of getting it wrong in this environment would be very " said the president of ABC News . Here are our most insightful stories about the race over the past year . _ _ _ _ 3 . Janet Reno , the first woman to serve as U. S. attorney general , died at her home in Florida of complications Janet Reno, the first woman to serve as U. S. attorney general Parkinson ’s disease . She was 78 . Her eight Janet Reno, the first woman to serve as U. S. attorney general in office put Janet Reno, the first woman to serve as U. S. attorney general in the middle of some Janet Reno, the first woman to serve as U. S. attorney general the most divisive episodes of Bill Clinton ’s presidency : the raid on a cult in Waco , Tex . the seizing of little Elián González and the Monica Lewinsky and Whitewater scandals . _ _ _ _ 4 . The sprawling Indian city of Delhi is choking . The most dangerous particulate pollution has soared to more than 16 times the level considered safe by the World Health Organization . Sustained exposure is the equivalent of smoking more than 40 cigarettes a day . Schools are closed , but the acrid ,    air travels indoors , too . Changing weather is likely to disperse the dense smog over the next few days . _ _ _ _ 5 . Australia will not legalize    marriage any time soon . A bill that would have allowed for a plebiscite on the issue was shot down in Parliament over the $ 140 million cost and concerns that it would become a platform for A bill that would have allowed for a plebiscite on the issue speech . Polls show around 70 percent of Australians want marriage equality . Above , a rally last year . _ _ _ _ 6 . China blocked two young    activists , above , from taking their seats in Hong Kong ’s two young   activists . The semiautonomous territory is bracing for protests against Beijing ’s new power play . On the mainland , a new law gives the authorities far greater control over the internet as of next summer . _ _ _ _ 7 . A Chinese Paralympic champion was nowhere to be seen at the finish of the New York City Marathon . Turned out her wheelchair had blown a tire A Chinese Paralympic champion Mile 13   —    so three people , aided by a translation app , stepped in to help . " It really was a cool New York moment , " one said . _ _ _ _ 8 . The chopped cheese   —    a sandwich made of ground beef , onions and cheese   —    is making its way from New York City The chopped cheese  —   a sandwich made of ground beef, onions and cheese  —    delis to upscale restaurants . It comes with a side of The chopped cheese  —   a sandwich made of ground beef, onions and cheese  —    about race , class , cultural appropriation and gentrification . _ _ _ _ 9 . Finally , we leave you with tips on how to be mindful as you go to vote Tuesday . Our meditation expert says to take we few slow , deep breaths when you reach the booth . Be aware of your body and stand still as you listen to the sounds around you . Let go of all the controversy , vitriol and scandals . And leave wearing your I VOTED sticker as a badge of courage . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays Your Evening Briefing m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s Friday ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 