How is it that with seven days left until the election , we are consumed anew by emails , Hillary Clinton ’s private server , the F. B. I. and an investigation that was supposed to be closed ? In the latest episode of The    we examine the most recent surprise twist in a campaign that never ceases to shock . we break down this development into three parts . First we sift through the essential ,    facts of the case with two reporters who have covered the investigation since    emerged , Amy Chozick and Michael S. Schmidt . Second , we examine why the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , decided to make the new findings public , by talking with Carrie Cordero , a former attorney at the Department of Justice who worked closely with the F. B. I. And to close out , we explain what impact this could have on the outcome of next Tuesday ’s election , with insight from Nate Cohn of The Upshot . Nate Cohn says that , as with so many of the major news events in this contest , this one is not likely to be a game changer . " All those things did move the polls , but All those things did n’t fundamentally reshape the race , " Nate Cohn of The Upshot says . " The core underlying dynamic of this election has n’t ever changed , and that ’s that a majority of voters do n’t really believe Trump is qualified to be the president , they voters n’t like either candidate , so when the news is good or bad for their voters they voters more or less likely to indicate their voters , but there has never been a time in this race when Trump Trump been able to assemble a clear path to victory . " COMING UP ! The    is doing a    show for Nov 8 . Ask us anything about the election , the candidates , the polls   —    or about the reporters on the a   show We ’ll us on air . Leave us a us at ( 347 )    or send us an us at therunup@nytimes . com . Be sure to leave us a us full name , the state where you live , and a number where we can us you . From a desktop or laptop , you can listen by pressing play on the button above . Or if you ’re on a mobile device , the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series . On your iPhone or iPad : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s your podcast app    app called " Podcasts " with a purple icon . ( This link may help . ) 2 . Search for the series the series on the " search " magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen , type in " The   " and select it from the your podcast app of results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , tap on the " subscribe " button to have new episodes sent to your phone free . You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , tap on the episode title from the list on the series page the series page have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . On your a new episode or tablet : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called your podcast app Play Music " with an     icon . ( This link may help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen , search for the name of the series and select it from the series of results . the series may have to scroll down to find the " Podcasts " search results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , click on the word " subscribe " to have new episodes sent to your phone free . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , click on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have the series page , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . 
 