What is your job now ? I do n’t have one , really . I ’ve got a consulting company with a handful of clients   —    a couple of nonprofits , a universe of businesses and executives whose instincts are good . Sometimes a couple of nonprofits, a universe of businesses and executives whose instincts are good just want to kibitz . During the week of the Democratic National Convention , you appeared on both Stephen Colbert ’s and Bill Maher ’s shows . What ’s your current philosophy on media exposure ? I ’m more experiential . When you do media as an elected official or as a candidate , you have a very clear message that you ’re trying to impart and an idea of who you ’re talking to . Now I do n’t have all that . It ’s more just to say what I think . You ’re an unusual public figure in that you are known as a former member of Congress and candidate for mayor   —    and now you ’re a guy who had an embarrassing sex scandal featured in a recent documentary . Do people approach you differently ? The interactions I have with people have gotten clouded lately because of the movie . the movie seems very much to be a Rorschach test of what people thought about the thing itself . Some people approach me , and they Some people like , " Oh , you got a raw deal . " Some people approach me saying , " Oh , man , I wish you had n’t messed up . " Some people approach me and say , " Man , you are such an idiot . " Have you or your wife , Huma Abedin , seen it ? No . Do you regret giving access to the filmmakers ? Obviously , when I agreed to do the the movie I anticipated a different outcome . Does anything hurt your feelings anymore or are you kind of immunized by what you ’ve been through ? To some degree , the same thing that made me successful and that allowed me to survive stuff is that my emotional wiring is n’t fully connected . I have a very thick skin . Without going down a rabbit hole here , you could argue that some of my emotional my emotional wiring working terribly well . That is how I can survive having 40 cameras outside my house . Are you still engaging in the activities that got you in trouble ? I ’m not going to go down the path of talking about any of that . But I will say this : There ’s no doubt that the Trump phenomenon has led a lot of people to say to me , " Boy , compared to inviting the Russians to come hack someone ’s email , your thing seems almost quaint . " I would think a great number of your former Republican colleagues in Congress must have some regrets about what ’s really going on in their party , but your former Republican colleagues in Congress of them ca n’t say your former Republican colleagues in Congress . Do you think that might change now that the conventions are behind us ? No . The reason they do n’t say the conventions is because they think it fractures the conventions base . But the conventions ’m far enough away from this that I doubt my judgment . Recently , you said that if Donald Trump Jr. ran for mayor of New York , you might run yourself , just so you could beat him " like a Donald Trump Jr. ran for mayor of New York mule . " I never understood that expression . Why would a rented mule get beaten worse than a regular mule ? I do n’t know . I grew up listening to Don Imus , who would use that expression all the time . It ’s colorful . Do you miss politics ? I always had this philosophy when I was an elected official that I should n’t be a pundit , but now I ’m called upon to be one every once in a while . Notwithstanding the flames I went down in , I ’m pretty good at ’m stuff . Have you thought about running campaigns or being a political consultant ? Almost weekly , some candidate will call and ask for advice . I ’ve weirdly become a little bit of an elder statesman . Should n’t you get paid for it then ? No , I do n’t want to make a life out of it . Also , it one would want me . Why not ? Would you really want the distraction of having me as your campaign manager ? 
 