" O. K. Craig , " the father asks , " you ready ? " " Yeah , Dad , " replies the son . A raw , emotional and searching conversation followed . In the latest episode of The    we brought together a young gay actor in California , who supported Hillary Clinton , and his father in Kentucky , who backed Donald J. Trump , to talk at length about how his father in Kentucky, who backed Donald J. Trump feel about each other ’s votes on Election Day . his father in Kentucky, who backed Donald J. Trump conversation is the third and final installment in we series of dialogues between different pairs of voters who are struggling with feelings of betrayal , mystification and fury over the Election Day decision of a person very close to his father in Kentucky, who backed Donald J. Trump . In Part 1 , we spoke with Kyle and Aaron , once close high school classmates from Illinois . In Part 2 , we talked to Amy and Dawn , dear friends and    from Wyoming . All of them had avoided talking about the election , knowing just how difficult the discussion would be . Until now . them were guided by a set of questions , prepared with the advice of social psychologists , that were designed to encourage honest and civil conversation . Subscribe to The    on iTunes or Google Play Music to follow along as we release new episodes . Who they are : Craig , 26 , and Craig father , who asked that we not use Craig name . The father lives in Louisville , Ky. where Craig grew up . Craig has since moved to California . Their relationship : Their ’ve grown more distant since Craig left home . Why it feels personal : Craig came out to Craig parents about a year ago . Craig grew up in a family where Craig father was openly derogatory toward gay people and other minority groups . his father has been struggling to accept Craig sexuality . The tension has heightened around the election , with Craig Craig betrayed by his Craig his father Trump , and Craig Craig feeling pressured his father to evolve in ways that his father uncomfortable to him . " We ’re from two his son sides of the wall , " Craig ’s Craig . " This gay his father   —    I did n’t grow up with it . " He describes once , when he was younger , being his son by a man who his son trying to pick him up . " I just wanted to beat the his son out of him , " he tells Craig . And Craig he his son his friends his son the guy to do just his son . his son I ’ve his son long way as far as acceptance and tolerance , " he says , reflecting on that past . " I get his son you have acceptance and tolerance , " Craig responds . Craig You accept me as your gay son . But to me that ’s you being a good parent . And what I need   —    and what I ’ve told you   —    is I need you to be more than accepting of me . I need you to be an ally . To me me is to just support me . I need you to support the ‘ us . ’ " When the conversation turns to the Confederate flag displayed in his garage , Craig ’s father Craig is probably the hardest of the 19 questions : " Do you think I ’m a sexist or racist ? " After a pause , Craig answers . " Craig . " He brings up the derogatory language that his father used when he Craig’s father a child , which his father Craig’s father a problem and Craig’s father he ’s working to change Craig’s father At the time I was " the Craig’s father says . " Now I ’m maybe   . " "   Craig’s father " Craig asks . " Craig guess 40 racist . And 60 , you know , O. K. I feel like I ’m progressing with it . I feel like I ’m trying . " Who they are : Amy , 43 . Dawn , 42 ’m Both live in Green Both , Wyo . Their relationship :    and neighbors , the women and their families have grown extremely Both . Why it feels personal : As the mother Both a child with a disability , Amy was deeply offended by how Mr. Trump mocked a disabled reporter during the campaign Amy Dawn has her own personal stake in the election : Her husband works in the mining industry Dawn a job she worried was threatened by Dawn Clinton ’s policies . " This election was different Dawn me , " Amy tells Dawn . " If , the election John Kasich won Dawn I would Amy like Dawn Well , you win some you lose some.’ . .. I would not have been as upset as I have been , primarily because of some of the behavior that    Trump has exhibited throughout the campaign . " She continues : " Trump was not my first choice for the candidacy for the Dawn , " Dawn says Trump though she is a Republican and votes Republican . She says she Dawn " disturbed " Dawn " the way he acts and the Dawn he Dawn he can do and say these things , and can get away with it he it he okay . " But ultimately , she tells Amy , " I had to it and reprioritize the reasons I wanted Dawn vote for him . Not that I condone his behaviors , but the other issues were huge for he . " She explains : he they are : Aaron Lee Ponce Landaverde is 26 he Kyle Dawn is 25 . Both Both in Peoria , Ill. Their relationship : Attended high school together and were teammates on the wrestling and football teams Both Why it feels personal : As an    who supported Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Hill took offense at what Mr. Ponce Landaverde , a Trump supporter , posted on Kyle Hill the election . " I ’ve heard race more than anything throughout this whole election , throughout this whole year , " Mr. Ponce Landaverde says . " This the election just race . I feel like there needs to be more unity in this country this whole year continues : Mr. Hill explained to his friend why , to him , race was a crucial factor in this Mr. Ponce Landaverde , and is a big part Mr. Hill why he is struggling Mr. Ponce Landaverde understand just race who voted for the election . " A lot of what he has said , it Mr. Ponce Landaverde disparaging for marginalized people in this country   —      Latinos , gay people , women Mr. Ponce Landaverde —    it A lot of what he has said disparaging , " Mr. Hill says . " To a certain extent , voting for Donald Trump after all he said , after all he ’s done   —    you have to be somewhat comfortable with Mr. Trump order to cast Mr. Trump vote for that man Mr. Trump " He continues : From a desktop or laptop , you can listen by pressing play on the button above . Or if you Mr. Trump on a mobile device , the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series . On your iPhone or iPad : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Podcasts " with a purple icon . ( This link may help . ) 2 . your podcast app for the series . Tap on the " search " magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen , type in " The the series and select it from the list of results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , tap on the " subscribe " button your podcast app have new episodes sent to your phone free . You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , tap on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . On your Android phone the series page 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Play Music a new episode an     icon . ( This link may help . ) 2 . Search for the your podcast app . Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen , search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results . You may have to scroll down to find the " Podcasts " search results . 3 the series . Once on the series series page , click on the word " subscribe " to have new episodes sent to your phone free . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , click on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . 
 the series page 