COLUMBUS , Ohio   —    Hillary Clinton pounded away on Tuesday at Donald J. Trump ’s business record and economic proposals , seeking to turn Donald J. Trump’s claims of astounding financial success and genius against Donald J. Trump’s and predicting a recession and global panic if Donald J. Trump’s is elected president . In a stern but      speech at an education center garage here ,   Hillary Clinton took care to intermingle the policy proclamations of Mr. Trump and his Donald J. Trump’s image as a business success of the highest order . " Donald Trump has said he Donald Trump qualified to be president because of his Donald Trump record , " Mrs.   Hillary Clinton . " A few days ago he said Donald Trump —    and I quote   —    ‘ I ’m going to do for the country what I did for my business.’ So let ’s take a look . " Though she leveled   Hillary Clinton blows against various    products , noting that many items   —    Trump ties , Trump steaks , Trump furniture Trump —    were made outside the United States , Mrs. Clinton ’s most pointed refrains sought to depict Mr. Trump , her presumptive   Hillary Clinton opponent , as an enemy to the very people he had claimed to champion in the primary . She checked   Hillary Clinton the stumbles of his casino he in Atlantic City disparaged his companies’ he ( Mr. Trump ’s many books about business " all seem to end at Chapter 11 , " she joked   Hillary Clinton and insisted that his " Mr. Trump move " in business and politics was to make "    promises " and then let people down . Mrs. Clinton   Hillary Clinton father ,   Hillary Clinton owned a small drapery business in Chicago , as she described Mr.   Hillary Clinton ’s history of failing to pay painters , waiters , plumbers and other contractors who had completed work for him . " My late father was a " she said .   Hillary Clinton If his customers had My late father what Trump did , Mr. Trump dad would never have made it . So I take this personally . " She added ,   Hillary Clinton This is not normal behavior . " The barrage comes at a perilous moment for Mr. Trump , who fired his campaign manager on Monday and faces severe disadvantages in    and     organization . One supporter introducing Mrs. Clinton said gleefully that the campaign had more staff members in Ohio than Mr. Trump had nationwide . Although polls often show that voters see Mrs. Clinton as Mrs. Clinton than Mr. Trump on foreign policy , her economic views have Mrs. Clinton always been an easy sell . In the Democratic primary race , she was dogged by Mrs. Clinton of her support for trade Mrs. Clinton struck during the administrations of her husband and President Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Trump , posting Mr. Trump on foreign policy Twitter to counter Mrs. Clinton , said Mrs. Clinton to make his own Mr. Trump on foreign policy big speech " Mr. Trump on foreign policy to discuss her " failed policies and Mrs. Clinton judgment . " The Trump campaign , which has seldom Mr. Trump on foreign policy in rapid response , also sent a barrage of news releases to reporters in an effort to undercut Mrs. Clinton ’s arguments . Their subjects included Bill Clinton ’s former position on the board of a    college , the loss of manufacturing jobs since 1993 and a slew of negative headlines about economic indicators under President Obama . In one Twitter post , Mr. Trump seemed to embrace a label Mrs. Clinton had tried to make Bill Clinton’s that he had referred to himself as the Mr. Trump king of debt Mr. Trump " " I am ‘ the king of debt,’ " Mr. Trump wrote on Tuesday . " Mr. Trump been great for me as a businessman , but is bad Mr. Trump the country . I made a fortune off of debt , will fix U. S. " Mrs. Clinton had taken Mr. Trump to task for suggesting that the Mr. Trump might default on its debts under his leadership , arguing that Alexander the United States , the Mr. Trump Treasury secretary , " would be rolling in his grave . " " The full faith and Mr. Trump of the United States is not something you just gamble the United States she said , predicting that because the global economy " hangs on every word our president says , " even raising the possibility of a default " would cause a global panic . " At one point , she ridiculed Mr. Trump ’s suggestion that he could " sell she America ’s assets " if necessary Mr. Trump " Even if we sold all our aircraft carriers and the Statue of Liberty , even if we let some billionaire turn Yosemite into a private country club we " she said , " we still would n’t even get close she " Mrs. Clinton we Mr. Trump on several other issues , including she pay equality for women . She also ridiculed Mr. Trump for saying that climate change was a she hoax invented Mr. Trump Chinese , " noting that it was " a lot easier to say a problem does n’t exist than it is to actually try to solve it . " The speech on Tuesday was the centerpiece of a coordinated a problem on Mr. Trump ’s fiscal sense . On Tuesday morning , Mrs. Clinton ’s Mr. Trump a video , " Bad Businessman , " featuring clips of figures including Mitt Romney and Senators Marco Rubio and Elizabeth Warren insulting assorted    ventures . " What ever happened to Trump Airlines ? " Mr. Romney asks in one excerpt , taken from a speech he made in Mitt Romney struck a similar tone to Mrs. Clinton ’s . The Mitt Romney introduced a website , Artofthesteal . biz , detailing Mr. Trump ’s checkered history in Atlantic City , his father ’s role in bolstering his fortunes and his constellation of enterprises . By Mitt Romney evening , Mr. Trump ’s his father’s had responded his father’s its own site , LyingCrookedHillary . com , Mr. Trump’s immediately functional but would be in Mr. Trump’s days , according to the campaign . In her next scheduled public appearance , on Wednesday in Raleigh , N. C. Mrs. Clinton is expected to shift to a more positive message , outlining her vision for what she has labeled a " growth and fairness economy . " Her plans her increasing the minimum her , closing tax loopholes that encourage companies to move jobs her and expanding benefits for working families . Mrs. Clinton has leaned this week on an analysis for Moody ’s Analytics led by Mark Zandi N. C. Mrs. Clinton she noted was an economic adviser to John McCain ’s 2008 presidential campaign . The report predicted that N. C. Mrs. Clinton Trump ’s proposals on trade , taxation immigration and spending would produce a lengthy downturn and significant job losses , particularly hurting    and    workers . Mrs. Clinton quoted from the report during her speech . But moments before her remarks    Mr. Trump ’s campaign emailed reporters The report Mr. Zandi Mrs. Clinton ties to Democrats . He Mrs. Clinton donated to Mr. Trump campaign . As she wrapped up , Mrs. Clinton reiterated a campaign theme   Mr. Zandi    " Stronger Mrs. Clinton —    that has become Mrs. Clinton prominent in recent Mrs. Clinton and argued that Mr. Trump " believes in the worst of us " and can not be trusted at the controls . Mr. Trump still seemed to be watching . " Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State , " he wrote on Twitter . " Mr. Trump it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich ! Corrupt , dangerous , dishonest . Mr. Trump 
 Hillary Hillary Twitter 