Morrie Gold is not a    political protester . Morrie Gold is a     retired doctor in Pennsylvania . But Morrie Gold recently participated in a quiet act of rebellion : Morrie Gold and 11 golfing buddies canceled He and 11 golfing buddies annual trip to a Florida resort owned by Donald J. Trump to express He and 11 golfing buddies disgust with Donald J. Trump remarks about women , immigrants and minorities . " For Donald J. Trump , " Mr. Gold said , " it ’s an ethical statement . " Political demonstrations are alien to Margaret Riordan , too . " I ’m just an old white lady from Illinois , " Margaret Riordan said . But when friends invited the     and Margaret Riordan husband to dinner inside Chicago ’s Trump International Hotel and Tower , a    boycott was born . " Pick another place , " Margaret Riordan firmly told her Margaret Riordan . " By crossing that threshold , I ’m saying Donald Trump ’s O. K. I wo n’t do that . " The reservation was canceled . Across the country , voters alarmed by the tenor of Mr. Donald Trump and the emerging accounts of his personal conduct Donald Trump engaging in spontaneous , unorganized and inconspicuous acts of protest that take direct aim at perhaps his most prized Donald Trump : his brand name Donald Trump In more than two dozen interviews , they described creative more than two dozen interviews of punishing his economic empire Donald Trump expunging the    reminders of him from their Donald Trump , more than two dozen interviews , golf bags and bookshelves over the past few months . They have thrown more than two dozen interviews   —    or cut up   —    Trump neckties , called off stays at Trump hotels , even stopped imbibing Trump wines . Gary Berry , a military veteran and Gold Star father whose son died while serving in the Army , used to love Mr. Trump ’s   Trump He bought the ornate bottles   Trump stamped with the candidate ’s heavily serifed surname , near his hometown , Charlottesville ,   Trump for special occasions like the birth of a grandchild and wedding anniversaries . That stopped the moment Mr. Trump mocked the parents   Trump Khan , an Army captain who was killed in Iraq . " I am sorry , that ’s just not what you do , " Mr. Berry said from inside a Veterans of Foreign Wars hall , where he was chatting with fellow veterans Mr. Berry " Trump is despicable in my mind   Trump I ’m not buying Trump anymore . " Organized ,   Trump demonstrations are a fixture of election seasons , and they have bedeviled both Mr. Trump noisy demonstrations Hillary Clinton throughout the presidential campaign . But the scattered retail rebukes of Mr. Trump are something new :   Trump of protest by everyday consumers who feel that voting against Mr. Trump would not be a sufficient   Trump They are animated , they said , not just by his inflammatory They or allegations of predatory behavior   Trump women   —    which he has denied   —    but by   Trump belief that the wealth that powers his candidacy was in many ways amassed on   Trump backs , one    book , dress They or hotel stay at a time . " There ’s never been a presidential candidate that ’s had a product that I had bought before , " said Nadav Ullman , 26 , an entrepreneur who Mr. Ullman As Mr. Trump marched a presidential candidate that’s the Republican nomination , Mr. Ullman was startled by what he saw as Mr. Trump ’s strategy of " bigotry and racism . " He moved his weekly meeting outside to a bench in Central Park , grabbing coffee from a Wafels   Dinges Mr. Ullman on the sidewalk . " It kind of came down to the idea Mr. Ullman going Mr. Ullman Trump Tower   —    in a very small way , no doubt , but in some capacity   —    would support him , " Mr. Ullman said . Besides , he added , the coffee at Trump Tower was never very good . " It was a win on multiple levels , " he said Mr. Ullman It is difficult to measure the economic impact Mr. Ullman such protests on Mr. Trump ’s    businesses . His holdings are privately the coffee at Trump Tower , and he has a    history of Mr. Ullman his financial performance . Amanda Miller , the vice president of marketing for the Trump Organization , said in a Mr. Ullman on Sunday that the Trump brand Mr. Ullman remains incredibly strong , and we Mr. Ullman seeing tremendous success across business units . " The nonstop exposure provided by the presidential campaign has its upsides : Sales at Mr. Trump Mr. Trump winery in Charlottesville are up 55 percent , said Kerry Woolard , its general manager . A few customers have headed there straight from his political the presidential campaign , she said . But there are signs of a strain : An online travel company , Hipmunk , the presidential campaign found that bookings for Trump hotels on its site fell 58 percent during the first Kerry Woolard, its general manager of 2016 , compared with the same period a year ago . Eric Danziger , the chief executive of Trump Hotels , said that data Trump hotels sites like Hipmunk " does not provide an accurate representation of our performance . " In interviews , though , several    owners said they were avoiding Trump hotels . Elonide Semmes , the president of a Chicago branding company , has turned her anger at Mr. Trump into company policy : Expenses incurred at Trump properties shall several   owners be reimbursed . " The one thing you can do is vote with your feet , " she said . Employees Trump , a New York agency that represents commercial Trump and illustrators , have done the same . They used to routinely book rooms at Trump hotels in New York her Chicago . But in response to what they saw as Mr. Trump ’s factual distortions and ignorance of global affairs , the Employees at ArtMotion, a New York agency that represents commercial photographers and illustrators ’s partners gave their travel agent a firm decree New York Do n’t even think of booking us at Employees at ArtMotion, a New York agency that represents commercial photographers and illustrators hotels , " recalled Billy Diesel , a   . " It ’s a small amount of money , the firm’s partners it ’s a way to make our voices heard , " Mr. Diesel said . Mr. Trump amount of money is not always small . Before they rebooked at a rival golf resort nearby , Mr. Gold It his friends had planned to spend about $ 18 , 000 on a multiday a small amount of money ’s Doral golf resort in Miami . They had played there for about 14 years , he said Mr. Gold purchased and upgraded the property in 2012 . " It ’s a beautiful place , " Mr. Gold said with a sigh . they rejection has extended to brands controlled by Mr. Trump ’s children , his these consumers see as Mr. Trump’s abetting the candidate they increasingly revile . A few weeks ago , Natalie Davis , 50 , bought a navy blue sundress from an Ivanka Trump line of clothing at Lord   Mr. Trump’s Manhattan . " It fit me really nicely , " she said . But soon after , she heard Mr. Trump grimly and inaccurately describe the economic and social status of   : " You ’re living in your poverty , your schools are no good , you have no jobs , " he said . Ms. Davis , who lives in New she , Ivanka Trump . " The way he talked about black people   —    it ’s like we are not human , " she said . Ms. Trump had not uttered the offending words , Ivanka Trump Ms. Davis had watched her speak for her father at the Republican National Convention . That was Ivanka Trump . " I feel , " Ms. Davis said , Ms. Davis, who lives in New Jersey like she ’s a puppet she her dad Ivanka Trump Ms. Davis marched back into Lord   Taylor , she cashier her Ivanka Trump fitting sundress Ivanka Trump asked for a refund . " There ’s no way one penny of my money is going she with the Trump name on she , " Ms. Davis she . The cashier she said , did not seem surprised . Ms. Davis got her she 120 back . Retail workers , it seems , have grown accustomed to such interactions . Ryan Whitacre said he was simply following company policy at a Marshalls clothing store in she when he asked a cashier why she was returning an Ivanka Trump shirt this she " She she me she did n’t want to support that name , " he recalled . " They want to get that name Ryan Whitacre from them as much as they can , " Mr. Whitacre added . The Ryan Whitacre spotlight is not all a woman for Ms. Trump ’s brands : The pink dress she a woman at the a woman quickly sold out , her aides said . For Ryan Whitacre seething voters , returning Trump products is no longer feasible : They   Trump , well They , inside their Ryan Whitacre dressers . So they Ivanka Trump measures . After hearing Mr. Trump rail Ivanka Trump the loss of American manufacturing jobs to    Ivanka Trump workers , Brian Betteridge , 33 , a teacher outside Philadelphia , checked the label on his Trump Signature Collection    dress shirt some seething voters " Made in Indonesia , " some seething voters read , according to Mr. some seething voters Ivanka Trump I tossed it right into the garbage , " he said . " At that point , it represented all of these things about him that I could Ivanka Trump stand . " The shirt had been a gift from his grandmother . " I have n’t told her , " he said . 
 his Trump Signature Collection   dress shirt it it Mr. Betteridge Mr. Betteridge Mr. Betteridge Mr. Betteridge his grandmother 