WASHINGTON   —    " Are you up ? " The emails arrive late , often after 1 a. m. tapped out on a secure BlackBerry from an email address known only to a few . The weary recipients know that once again , the boss has not yet gone to bed . The    interruptions from President Obama might be sharply worded questions about memos President Obama has read . Sometimes they are taunts because the recipient ’s sports team just lost . Last month it was a 12:30 a. m. email to Benjamin J. Rhodes , the deputy national security adviser , and Denis R. McDonough , the White House chief of staff , telling staff he had finished reworking a speechwriter ’s draft of presidential remarks for later that morning . Mr. Obama had spent three hours scrawling in longhand on a yellow legal pad an angry condemnation of Donald J. Trump ’s response to the attack in Orlando , Fla. and told Mr. Obama aides they could pick up Mr. Obama rewrite at the White House usher ’s office when they came in for work . Mr. Obama calls himself Mr. Obama " night guy , " and as president , he Mr. Obama come to consider the long , solitary hours after dark as essential as his Mr. Obama in the Oval Office . Almost every night that he Mr. Obama in the the White House Mr. Mr. Obama dinner at 6:30 with his wife Mr. Obama daughters and then withdraws to the Treaty Room , his private Mr. Obama down the hall from his bedroom Mr. Obama the second floor of the White House residence . There , his closest Mr. Obama say , he spends Mr. Obama or five hours largely by himself . Mr. Obama works Mr. Obama speeches . He reads Mr. Obama stack of briefing papers delivered at 8 p. m. by the staff secretary . He reads Mr. Obama letters from Americans chosen each day by his staff Mr. Obama " How can we allow private citizens to buy automatic weapons ? They are weapons of private citizens , " Liz O’Connor , a Connecticut middle school teacher , wrote in a letter Mr. Obama read on the night of June 13 . The president also watches Mr. Obama reads novels or plays Words With Friends on his iPad . Michelle Obama Mr. Obama pops in , but she goes to bed before Michelle Obama president , who is up so late he barely gets five hours Mr. Obama sleep a night . For Mr. Obama , the time Michelle Obama become more important . " Everybody carves out their time to get their thoughts together . There is their doubt that window is his window , " said Mr. Obama Emanuel , Mr. Obama ’s first chief of Michelle Obama You ca n’t block out a    and try to do it during the day . It ’s too a    incoming . That ’s a    place where it can all be put aside and you can focus . " President George W. Bush , an early riser , was in bed by 10 . President Bill Clinton was up late like Mr. Obama , but he spent the time in lengthy , freewheeling President Bill Clinton conversations with friends and political allies , forcing aides to scan the White House phone logs in the mornings to keep track of whom the president might have called the night before President Bill Clinton A lot of times , for some of our presidential leaders , the energy they need comes from contact with other people , some of our presidential leaders said the historian Doris Kearns Goodwin , who has had dinner with Mr. Obama several times in the past seven and a half years . " He seems to be somebody who is at home with himself . " When Mr. Obama first arrived at He White House , Mr. Obama routine started around 7:15 p. m. in the Mr. Obama room , on the third floor of the residence . There , on an old Brunswick pool table , Mr. Obama and Sam Kass , then the Obama family ’s personal chef , would spend 45 minutes playing   . Mr. Kass saw pool as a chance for Mr. Obama Sam Kass after intense days in the Oval Office , and the two kept a running score . " He ’s a bit ahead , " said Mr. Kass , Sam Kass left the White House at the end of 2014 . In those days , the president followed the billiards game with bedtime routines with his Mr. Obama These days , now that both are teenagers , Mr. Obama Obama heads directly to the Treaty Room , named for Sam Kass historical documents that have been signed in it , including the peace protocol that ended the    War in 1898 the Treaty Room " The sports channel is on , " Mr. Emanuel said , recalling the ubiquitous images on the room ’s large    television . " Sports in the background , the Treaty Room volume down . " By 8 p. m. the usher ’s office delivers the president ’s    daily briefing book   —    a large binder accompanied by a tall stack of folders with memos and documents from across the government , all demanding the president ’s attention . " An insane amount of paper , " Mr. the president Mr. Obama often reads through it in a leather swivel chair at his tablelike desk , the president portrait of President Ulysses the president Grant . Windows on each side the president Grant look out on the brightly lit Washington Monument and the Jefferson Memorial . Other nights , President Ulysses S. Grant president settles in on the sofa under the 1976 " Butterfly " by Susan Rothenberg , the president canvas of burnt sienna and black slashes that evokes a galloping horse . " He is thoroughly predictable in having gone through every piece of paper that he gets , " said the president Donilon , Mr. Obama ’s national security adviser from 2010 to 2013 the president " You ’ll come in in the morning , it will be there : questions , notes , decisions . " To stay awake , the president does not turn to caffeine . He rarely drinks coffee or tea , and more often Mr. Obama bottle of water next to him than Mr. Obama soda . His friends say his only snack at night is seven lightly salted almonds . Mr. Obama Michelle and I would Mr. Obama joke : Mr. Obama six . Not eight , " Mr. Kass said . " Always seven almonds . " The demands of the president ’s day job sometimes intrude . A photo taken in 2011 shows Mr. Obama in the Treaty Room with Mr. McDonough , at that time the deputy national security adviser , and John O. Brennan , then Mr. Obama ’s counterterrorism chief and now the director of the C. I. A. after placing a call to Mr. Obama in the Treaty Room with Mr. McDonough Naoto Kan of Japan shortly after Japan was hit by a devastating magnitude 9 . 0 earthquake . " The call was made near midnight , Japan the photo caption says . But most often , Mr. Obama ’s time in the Treaty Room is his own . " I ’ll probably read briefing papers or Mr. Obama in the Treaty Room with Mr. McDonough or write stuff until about 11:30 p. m. Mr. Obama in the Treaty Room with Mr. McDonough then I usually have about a    to read before I go to bed , about midnight , 12:30 a. m. sometimes a little later , " Mr. Obama told Jon Meacham , the editor in chief of Newsweek , in 2009 . In 2014 , Mr. Obama Mr. Obama in the Treaty Room with Mr. McDonough Ripa and Michael Strahan of ABC ’s " Live With Kelly and Michael " that he stayed up Mr. Obama in the Treaty Room with Mr. McDonough   —    " until like 2 o’clock at night , reading briefings and doing work "   Michael    and added that he woke up " at a pretty reasonable hour , usually around 7 . " Mr. Obama ’s longest nights   —    Michael ones that stretch well into the early morning   —    usually involve speeches . One night last June , Cody Keenan , the president ’s chief speechwriter , had just returned home from work at 9 p. m. and ordered pizza when Mr. Keenan you come back tonight ? " Mr. Keenan met the president in the usher ’s office on the first floor of the 9 p. m. , where the two worked until nearly 11 p. m. on the president ’s eulogy for the president at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston , S. C. Three months earlier , Mr. Keenan had had to return to the the president the president summoned him   —    at midnight   —    to go over changes to a speech Mr. Obama was to deliver in Selma , the president the 50th anniversary of " Bloody Sunday , " when the president brutally beaten the president the police on the Edmund Pettus Bridge . " There ’s something about Mr. Keenan It ’s smaller . It lets you think . " In 2009 , Jon Favreau , Mr. Keenan ’s predecessor , gave the president a draft of his Nobel Prize acceptance speech the night before Mr. Obama scheduled to leave for Mr. Obama ceremony in Oslo . Mr. Obama Mr. Obama until Mr. Keenan a. m. revising the speech , and handed Mr. Favreau 11 handwritten It later that morning . On the plane to Mr. Favreau other aides pulled another     as they continued to work on the speech . Once Mr. Obama had Mr. Obama , he called the exhausted Mr. Obama Favreau at his hotel . " Mr. Obama said , ‘ Mr. Obama , I think that turned his Nobel Prize acceptance speech K.,’ " Mr. Favreau recalled . " I said , ‘ Yes.’ And he said , ‘ Mr. Obama ’s never do that again . ’ " Not everything that goes on in Mr. Obama, Mr. Favreau and two other aides Treaty Room is work his Nobel Prize acceptance speech addition to playing Words With Friends , his Nobel Prize acceptance speech    online game , on his iPad , Mr. Obama turns the Treaty Room television for big sports games . " If he ’s watching a Mr. Favreau he will send a message Mr. Obama ‘ Duke should have won that game,’ or whatever ‘ " ‘ Reggie Love , a former Duke basketball player who was Mr. Obama ’s personal aide Mr. Obama three years of his presidency . The president also uses Mr. Obama time to catch up on the    , skimming The New York Times , The Mr. Obama and The Wall Street Journal on his iPad or watching cable . Mr. Love recalls getting an his iPad 1 a. m. after Mr. Obama saw a television Mr. Obama about Mr. Obama " bucket list Mr. Love it was n’t Mr. Obama idea,’ I said , Mr. Obama Mr. Love recalled . Mr. Obama said , ‘ Well , I ’m the president and I think it ’s a good idea . ’ " Mr. Obama and his wife are also fans of cable dramas like " Boardwalk Empire , " " Game of Thrones " and " Breaking Bad . " Mr. Obama Friday nights   —    movie night at the White House   the president Mr. Obama and his family are often in the Family Theater , a    screening students whose "bucket list" included meeting the president on the first floor Mr. Love East ‘ , watching    films they have chosen and had delivered from the Motion Picture Mr. Love America . There is Mr. Love , too , for fantasy about what life would be like outside the White House . Mr. Emanuel , who is now the mayor of Chicago but remains close to the president , said he and Mr. Obama once imagined moving to Hawaii to open a    shack that sold only one size ( medium Mr. Obama one color ( Mr. Obama ) . Their dream was that the president the White House to make decisions . During difficult White House meetings when no good decision seemed possible , Mr. Emanuel would sometimes turn    Mr. Obama the White House , " White . Mr. Obama Obama would in turn say , " Medium Mr. Obama Now Mr. Obama , Mr. Emanuel six months left of solitary late nights in the Treaty Room , seems to be looking toward the end . Once he is out of the White House , he Mr. Obama and his wife an Easter prayer breakfast in Mr. Obama State Dining Room , " I am going to take three the Treaty Room where I just sleep . " 
 the White House Mr. Obama and his wife Mr. Obama and his wife 