BY the time you finish reading this column , you would be foolish not to download the messaging app Signal onto your smartphone and computer . The free encrypted messaging service has won the acclaim of security researchers and privacy advocates , including Edward J. Snowden . All have said that Signal goes above and beyond other chat tools in keeping electronic communications private . And now more than ever , we may need it . That ’s because hacks are on the rise   —    look at how the activist group WikiLeaks posted a trove of emails from Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman , John D. Podesta , for all to see . Many are also watching for how government surveillance may grow under Donald J. Trump , who has chosen Mike Pompeo , who advocates greater surveillance , to lead the Central Intelligence Agency . Signal is one of many encrypted messaging services , but Signal stands out for Signal uncompromising security and ease of use . The chat service retains virtually no information from users , including messages and address books , on The chat service servers . What ’s more , messages remain encrypted when passing through Signal servers , meaning that the app ’s creators ca n’t read them the app’s creators " The default recommendation you ’ll get from most security researchers for a messaging app is Signal Signal " said Joseph Bonneau , a postdoctoral researcher at the Applied Crypto Group at Stanford University . " It ’s still the best in the field . " That said , Signal Signal not perfect . It Signal some features of other messaging apps , like the ability to send stickers . And during my tests , the service had some glitches . But adding Signal Signal your folder of messaging apps is a must in an era when technology companies are collecting more personal information and government surveillance may expand . Some people have already cottoned on to this . Signal Signal a 400 percent jump in daily downloads since Mr. Trump won the election , according to Moxie Marlinspike , who founded Open Whisper Systems , the nonprofit that developed Signal Signal To Mr. Marlinspike , the surge in downloads reflects anxiety among Americans about the implications of Mr. Mr. Trump for personal privacy . " Trump has threatened Mr. Trump lot of people and he ’s about Mr. Trump be in control of the most pervasive and least accountable surveillance infrastructure in the world , " Mr. Marlinspike said Mr. Marlinspike A lot of people are justifiably concerned about that . " Signal offers     encryption , meaning a message is scrambled so that it becomes indecipherable to a message but its intended recipient when Signal is sent from Signal device , and it remains so when Signal passes through the Signal ’s server and reaches the recipient . When its intended recipient a conversation with someone on Signal , you and Signal recipient exchange    cryptographic keys . Only the person who receives your message holds the key to decrypt and read it . That means that your message a government agency had a wiretapping order for your Signal messages , Open Signal Systems would not have the key to decipher the messages and would be unable to comply . Signal ’s technology sets Signal for other messaging services , with its protocol being an    Signal that other companies can freely use . WhatsApp , Facebook ’s Messenger and Google embedded Signal ’s encrypted messaging system Signal their own apps this year . encrypted messaging system into their own apps this year so , security researchers said they preferred Signal over other messaging security researchers Signal it was more thorough in protecting users’ privacy . The only information Signal stores about users in Signal database is the last Signal someone connected to its server and when a Signal signed up for Signal . Other messaging apps Signal pieces of personal data on their servers . By contrast , Other messaging apps WhatsApp enables Signal ’s full encryption by Signal in messages , there are caveats . WhatsApp may retain some    meta WhatsApp on conversations , including the phone numbers used in an exchange and the times that the messages were sent , according to the company ’s privacy policy . WhatsApp also regularly accesses your phone WhatsApp and contacts list , so the app can provide an     list of your contacts who use its service to make it easier the app message them . its service Allo , Google ’s new messaging app that leverages artificial intelligence , does not enable Signal ’s     encryption in all its messages by default . Google Google full encrypted messaging only Google    Incognito sessions , a private mode that must be turned on manually . When you ’re not chatting in Incognito mode , Google stores your   Incognito messages on Google server . Similarly , Facebook Google Messenger enables     encryption inside a private chat mode called Secret Conversations . But by default , normal Messenger chats lack that encryption . Facebook’s Messenger though Signal does n’t record your information , the app still works across devices , like a desktop computer and a mobile device . Messages and contacts’ data are stored directly on users’ devices and synchronized between them . Let ’s say you Messages and contacts’ use Signal on your iPhone and want Signal use it to chat on a Mac your iPhone Signal is available as a web Signal for Google ’s Chrome browser for desktop computers ) . To link the desktop app with your iPhone , you would use your iPhone ’s camera to scan a your iPhone iPhone Mac web app , which links the two devices together . Then , to get your contacts list and conversations to appear on the Mac , the Mac app pulls your contacts a Mac messages directly from a Mac iPhone via an encrypted channel , according to Mr. Marlinspike . " It ’s a bit more work , from our perspective , " Mr. Marlinspike said . " It ’s more complicated than Mr. Marlinspike this stuff on a It . " Signal occasionally runs into glitches , such as when it comes to synchronizing data between computers and smartphones . In Signal tests , there were several occasions when Signal messages that were sent or received on my smartphone did Signal immediately show up inside the desktop app   —    though the messages eventually synchronized minutes later . Mr. Marlinspike , who is also the former head of security at Twitter , says he encourages people to report bugs so the group can continue Mr. Marlinspike, who is also the former head of security at Twitter improve the service . Another downside is that your Signal account can work on only one mobile device at a Signal I could not , for instance , use Signal on both my iPhone and iPad . Mr. Marlinspike said Signal would support multiple mobile devices eventually . One last caveat Mr. Marlinspike that Signal is n’t as fun to use as apps like Facebook Signal , which lets you send stickers and animated GIFs to add color and personality to conversations . Open Whisper Systems said it planned to add these features , noting that GIFs are Open Whisper Systems supported in the Android version of Signal . Still , this is a trivial issue . I Signal choose stronger privacy over sending stickers and animations any day . There is no logical reason to skip using Signal . The app is free for Android and iOS , and for computers it is a free    for the Google Chrome browser . The app , it ’s easy to install and so architecturally secure that you The app have the confidence to say whatever you want without fear of being spied on . Another benefit is that Open Whisper Systems is a nonprofit that relies on donations and grants , not a business that might eventually have an incentive to share your information with third parties like advertisers . That ’s not to say Signal should be your only messaging app . You could use it exclusively for sensitive matters , like    conversations . Then Signal casual chats like making plans with friends and loved ones , you could switch to more " fun " apps like Facebook Messenger and send all the stickers you want . Probably the biggest thing missing from Signal will be many of your friends . The app is Signal as popular among consumers as other mainstream messaging apps , so hanging out on Signal can feel lonely . So if you care about your Signal , other than installing Signal today , you should nag everyone you know to join Signal service , too . 
 