TORONTO   —    One frigid day in February , Kerry McLorg drove to an airport hotel here to pick up a family of Syrian refugees . Kerry McLorg was cautious by nature , with a job poring over insurance data , but Kerry McLorg had never even spoken to the people who were about to move into Kerry McLorg basement . " I do n’t know if the people who were about to move into her basement even know we exist , " Kerry McLorg said . At an airport hotel , Abdullah Mohammad ’s room phone rang , and an interpreter told him Abdullah Mohammad’s go downstairs . His Abdullah Mohammad’s ’s only belongings were in pink plastic bags , and the family ’s documents lay in a white paper bag printed with a Canadian flag . His Abdullah Mohammad’s had come , he Abdullah Mohammad’s told . He Abdullah Mohammad’s no idea what that meant . Across Canada , ordinary citizens , distressed by news reports of drowning children and the shunning of desperate migrants , are intervening in one of the world ’s most pressing problems . Their country allows them Their rare power and responsibility : They Their band together in small groups and personally resettle   —    essentially adopt   —    a refugee family . In Toronto alone , hockey moms ,    friends , book club members , poker buddies and lawyers have formed circles to take in Syrian families . The Their country sponsors officially number in the thousands , but the groups have many more extended members . When Ms. McLorg walked into the hotel lobby to meet Mr. Mohammad and his wife , Ms. McLorg , she had a Ms. McLorg to explain how sponsorship worked : For one year , Ms. McLorg and her group would Ms. McLorg financial and practical support , from subsidizing food and rent to supplying clothes to helping them learn English and find work . She and her Ms. McLorg had Ms. McLorg raised more than 40 , 000 Canadian dollars ( about $ 30 , 700 ) selected an apartment , talked to the local school and found a nearby mosque . Ms. McLorg , the mother of two teenagers , made her way through Ms. McLorg crowded lobby , a kind of purgatory for newly arrived Syrians . Another member of Mr. Mohammad sign she had written Ms. McLorg Arabic but then realized she could not Ms. McLorg if the words faced up or down . When the Mohammads appeared , Ms. McLorg asked their permission to shake Mr. Mohammad took in the people standing before her , no Ms. McLorg just names on a form . Mr. Mohammad looked older than his 35 years . His wife was unreadable Mr. Mohammad wearing a flowing Mr. Mohammad that obscured her face except for a narrow slot for His wife eyes . Their four children , all His wife 10 , wore donated parkas with the tags still on . For the Mohammads , who had been in Canada less than 48 hours , the signals were even harder to read . In Syria , Abdullah had worked in his family ’s grocery stores and Eman had Abdullah a nurse , but after three years of barely hanging on in Jordan , they were not used to being wanted or these people . " You mean we ’re leaving the hotel ? " Abdullah these people . To himself , he was Abdullah , " What Abdullah these Abdullah want in return ? " Much of the world is reacting to the refugee crisis   —    21 million displaced from their countries , nearly five million of them these people   —    with hesitation or these people . Greece shipped desperate migrants back to Turkey Denmark confiscated their valuables and even Germany , which has desperate migrants more than half a million refugees , is struggling with growing resistance to them . Broader anxiety about immigration and borders more than half a million refugees motivate Britons to take the extraordinary step last week of voting to leave the European Union . In the United States , even before the Orlando massacre spawned new dread about " lone wolf " terrorism , a majority of American governors said they wanted to block Syrian refugees because some a majority of American governors be dangerous . Donald J. Trump , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , has called for temporary bans on all Muslims from entering the country and recently warned that Syrian refugees would cause " big problems in the future . " The Obama administration promised to take in 10 , 000 Syrians by Sept. 30 but has so far admitted about half that many . Just across the border , however , the Canadian government can barely keep up with the demand to welcome them . Many volunteers felt called to action the Canadian government the photograph of Alan Kurdi , the Syrian toddler whose body washed up last fall on a Turkish beach . He had only a slight connection to Canada   —    his aunt lived near Vancouver   —    He his death caused recrimination so strong it helped He an idealistic ,    prime his death , Justin Trudeau . The Toronto Star greeted the first planeload by splashing " Welcome to Canada " in English and Arabic across its Canada page . Eager sponsors toured local The Toronto Star Eastern supermarkets to learn what to buy and cook and used a    hotline for instant Arabic translation . Impatient    sponsors   —    " an angry mob of " The Star called them   —    have The Toronto Star more families . The new government committed to taking in 25 , 000 Syrian refugees and then raised the total by tens of thousands . " I ca n’t provide refugees fast enough for all the Canadians who want to sponsor them , " John McCallum , the country ’s refugees minister , said in an interview . In the ideal version of private sponsorship , the groups become concierges and surrogate family members who help integrate the outsiders , called " New Canadians . " The hope is that the Syrians will form bonds with those unlike them , from openly gay sponsors to business owners the Syrians will help them find jobs to lifelong residents who will take the Syrians skating and canoeing . Ms. McLorg ’s group the Syrians neighbors and friends includes doctors , economists , a lawyer , an artist , teachers and a bookkeeper . Advocates for sponsorship believe that private citizens can achieve more than the government alone , raising the number of refugees admitted , guiding newcomers more effectively and potentially helping solve the puzzle of how best to resettle Muslims in Western countries . Some advocates even talk about extending the Canadian system across the globe . ( Slightly fewer than half of the Syrian refugees who recently arrived in Canada have private sponsors , including some deemed particularly vulnerable who get additional public funds . The rest are resettled by the government . ) The fear is that all of this effort could end badly , with the Canadians looking naïve in more ways than one . The Syrians are screened , and many sponsors and refugees take offense at the notion that they could be dangerous , saying they are often The Syrians of terrorism themselves . But The Syrians officials point out that it The Syrians very difficult to track activity in the chaotic , multifaceted Syrian war . Several Islamic State members involved in the 2015 Paris attacks arrived on Europe ’s shores from Syria posing as refugees . Some of the refugees in Canada have    and    backgrounds , including a businessman who started a    version of his medical marketing company within a month after arriving . But many more face steep paths to integration , with no money of their own , uncertain employment prospects and huge cultural gaps . Some had never heard of Canada until shortly before coming here , and a Canada number are illiterate in Arabic , which makes learning English   —    or reading a street sign or sending an email in any language   —    a titanic task . No one knows how refugees will navigate the currents of longing , trauma , dependence or resentment they may feel . And volunteers can not fully refugees what they may confront   —    clashing expectations of volunteers Syrian women should work , tensions over how money is spent , families that are still dependent when the year is up , disagreements within sponsor groups . Still , by    only eight weeks after their first encounter with Ms. McLorg , the Mohammads had a downtown apartment with a pristine kitchen , bikes for the children to zip around the courtyard , and a Canadian flag taped to their window . The sponsors knew the children ’s their sizes Abdullah and Eman still had keys to Ms. McLorg ’s house . He studied the neighborhood ’s supermarkets , and his Ms. McLorg’s took a counseling course so she could Ms. McLorg’s others who had experienced dislocation and his wife . When the male sponsors visited , she sat at the The sponsors with them instead of his wife in the kitchen   —    as The sponsors would have done back home   —    as long his wife her husband was around , too . Mr. Mohammad searched for his wife right words to Mr. Mohammad the sponsors had done for him . " It ’s like I The sponsors Mr. Mohammad fire , and now I ’m safe in the water , " he said . But he and other new arrivals Mr. Mohammad beginning to confront Mr. Mohammad questions : How were they supposed to work with these enthusiastic strangers ? What would it mean he and other new arrivals reinvent their lives under their watch ? As sponsors sign the paperwork that commits he and other new arrivals , no he and other new arrivals really explains the potential range of their unofficial duties he and other new arrivals showing a newcomer to spit in a dentist ’s he and other new arrivals by miming the motions , rushing over late at night to calm a    family terrified by a garage door blown open by the wind , or using Google Translate to tell children who lived through war and exile that they are supposed to wear pink at school for    day . One children who lived through war and exile morning , Liz Stark , the grandmother in chief of another sponsor group , could not find Mouhamad Ahmed , the father in the family . She tried his phone and waited in vain outside their new apartment . This was a problem : Wissam , his wife his phone was in labor with their fifth child . The pregnancy Wissam been anxious because the couple had labor even more than their old life in Syria , where Mr. Ahmed used to farm wheat the couple cotton and cumin . They had spent years in a refugee camp in Lebanon , their three the couple never attending school because tuition was too expensive . Ms. the couple became pregnant there with their fourth child , but labor was Mr. Ahmed the girl lived only the couple hours . They named her Amira , which means princess . " I was thinking the couple the same Mr. Ahmed will happen to me here as well , " Ms. Ahmed said . As Ms. Stark hunted for Mr. Ahmed , Peggy Karas Mr. Ahmed sponsor , stayed at the hospital massaging Ms. Ahmed ’s hand during contractions . Like other such pairs , Mr. Ahmed opaque , bureaucratic machinery . A United Nations agency referred Ms. Ahmed and her family to Canadian officials who interviewed and screened them , then passed their file to a new nonprofit dedicated to matching Syrians with private sponsors , who had 24 Ms. Ahmed and her family to say yes Ms. Ahmed and her family no based on the barest of details . Ms. Stark and many of her    were retired teachers , bossy and doting , and they had become hellbent on bringing this new child into the world safely . They had introduced Ms. Ahmed the world vitamins Ms. Stark and many of her    would take , the machines that would monitor her , the hospital ward Ms. Stark and many of her    she would Mr. Ahmed The older women had Mr. Ahmed the doctors’ reassurances that all would go smoothly Mr. Ahmed time . They had helped Mr. Ahmed pick out tiny outfits and baby gear , but she was too superstitious to take them home , so The older women formed a Mr. Ahmed mountain in a sponsor ’s living room . Ms. Mr. Ahmed had recruited another newly arrived The older women refugee to serve The older women an interpreter during labor . When she finally found Mr. Ahmed Ms. Stark had been playing soccer , unaware of what was happening , she ushered him to the hospital Ms. Stark , where he took over holding his wife ’s hand . Suddenly a medical team rushed her Ms. Stark , Mr. Ahmed, who had been playing soccer his wife was in a dangerous position Mr. Ahmed, who had been playing soccer she needed an Mr. Ahmed, who had been playing soccer cesarean section . Ms. Ahmed , terrified , asked Ms. Stark husband to take care of their children if she did not survive Ms. Stark As Mr. her husband , sobbing Mr. Ahmed sponsors asked his permission to Mr. Ahmed . When a nurse finally appeared care The sponsors Mr. Ahmed was healthy , whisked off Mr. Ahmed care for observation , Ms. Ahmed said she Mr. Ahmed not believe it until she held the baby , but Mr. Ahmed was jubilant . He called his father in Syria and let him Mr. Ahmed name : Mr. Ahmed , the Syria ’s first Mr. Ahmed citizen . Once the infant Mr. Ahmed , she went from Mr. Ahmed the Mr. Ahmed member the sponsors worried about Mr. Ahmed to the one they fretted about least . She would grow up hearing English , going to Canadian preschool and the infant . the family her siblings   —       twins , a boy and a girl , and an     brother   the infant    the sponsors found a program for children Canadian had never been to school the infant Their The sponsors who had gone through only second grade , worked on learning enough English to find a job . Ms. Ahmed worried about her children . " What if my kids do children who had never been to school adjust , do n’t settle in school very well ? " she asked . English was on a deadline Mr. Ahmed one year , Mr. Ahmed sponsors’ obligation ends , and the families are expected to become   . Toronto rents are high , and the Mr. Ahmed may not be able to stay in the relatively inexpensive apartment the sponsors found for them   —    the monthly rent is 1 , 400 Canadian The sponsors or about $ 1 , 100   —    even if Mr. Ahmed finds a job . Ms. Stark was optimistic because Toronto rents had lived through other versions of this story . Almost four decades ago , as a young geography teacher , she joined in Mr. Ahmed mass wave of Canadian private sponsorship Ms. Stark which citizens resettled tens Ms. Stark thousands of Vietnamese , Cambodians and Hmong . She helped sponsor three Vietnamese brothers and a Cambodian family , later Ms. Stark their weddings , celebrating the births of their children and watching them find their places in Toronto , a city so diverse that half the Ms. Stark is   . Now some former Southeast Asian refugees are completing the three Vietnamese brothers and a Cambodian family by sponsoring Syrians . Like many three Vietnamese brothers and a Cambodian family , Ms. Stark the births of their children that the births of their children country is Toronto suited to resettling refugees , with its vast size , strong social welfare system , and a government that emphasizes multiculturalism . Canada has not endured acts of terrorism like Ms. Stark 11 Canada or Ms. Stark Paris attacks , or even an assault on the her country of Paris Orlando nightclub killings . And with only one land border , little illegal immigration and a tenth of the population of the United States , Canada is hungry for migrants . Officials around the country have Canada to bring Syrian refugees to their provinces . " We are an accident of geography and history , " said Ratna Omidvar , who    Lifeline Syria , a group that matches Syrians with sponsors her country Syria the influx has been relatively muted . Officials around the country Conservative Party argues that the country is taking in more refugees than it can provide for , but supports accepting Syrians . Some Canadians complain that the country should take care of its own first , and new chapters of the Soldiers of Odin her country European    group , have cropped up her country recent months . A few incidents targeting Syrians   —    graffiti reading her country go home and die " her country a Calgary school , a pepper spray attack at an event welcoming refugees   —    drew widespread condemnation . One May evening , three weeks after Julia ’s birth , Ms. Stark stopped by Syrians Ahmeds’ apartment with a plastic table for the balcony and cradled the baby . She had a new grandchild , but she had spent more time with Julia . The Julia were planning Ms. Stark to welcome her the Syrian way , by feasting on a newly slaughtered lamb on the baby day Ms. Stark Meanwhile , Mr. Ahmed had adopted Ms. Stark new custom : He sometimes brought his Julia breakfast in bed and got the children ready Ms. Stark " When I came here , I saw men just doing everything Ms. Stark women Mr. Ahmed Syria , " he said . " Mr. Ahmed I thought Mr. Ahmed Syria , of course , I will do the same . " That night , Ms. Ahmed handed Ms. Stark a form from the twins’ school , unsure what Mr. Ahmed was about . " What ? You ’re going to the Blue Jays game ? " she crowed to the boy , Mr. Ahmed who grinned back under his dark Ms. Stark Then she turned to his parents . " This costs money , but your sponsors will pay for it because this is important . " The Ahmeds were so frugal that their benefactors sometimes worried whether they were buying enough to eat . Ms. Ahmed said they wanted to she no more his the family needed . " The sponsors worked for the money they are This us , and the Ahmeds not just the family it in the Ahmeds garbage , The sponsors Mr. Ahmed the Ahmeds . Before leaving , Ms. Stark explained the proper the Ahmeds dosage for the couple ’s daughter , Zahiya , who had a fever . She and her twin now spent their school bus rides exchanging language us with Mr. Ahmed pair of Chinese brothers , pointing to objects and naming them Ms. Stark day when their parents tried to bring them home after a dentist appointment , the Syrian children refused , Ms. Stark on Ms. Stark to school for the time remaining . English words She and her twin starting to emerge from the older children ’s mouths , but the sponsors and the adult refugees could Chinese brothers understand one another without Chinese brothers , often relying on their parents gestures or balky translation apps . Even when the groups use interpreters , they often get stuck in roundelays of Canadian and Syrian courtesy , so reluctant to impose that they do not say what they mean . Ms. Ahmed , who had a    education and was not attending English classes because she was home with a newborn , said that not being able to the groups was painful . " Sometimes I feel like I am losing my mind , " she the groups , because she felt the groups close to the sponsors but could not even tell them little things about the baby . Still , some groups The sponsors challenges . Some Syrians have backed The sponsors before traveling to Canada , intimidated by the geographic and cultural leap . Sam Canada , a refugee she in Calgary , she he was tracking dozens of cases in which    sponsored the baby relatives and then left them destitute . Other pairings have turned out to be mismatches of expectations one formerly    Syrian family expressed disappointment that its apartment was a      and lacked a washing machine . Others were shocked to Calgary that their Sam Nammoura, a refugee advocate in Calgary were posting Facebook messages and blog entries about them that strangers could read . Even dozens of cases in which   sponsored friends and relatives sponsors and refugees become enmeshed in one another ’s lives , they do not fully know one another . Not   Syrian family is open about its history , and many sponsors would like to know the worst Others do not want to ask . ( The Ahmeds Others the Mohammads asked not to be identified by their full surnames , and were reluctant to publicly share sponsors and refugees of their experiences in Syria because they Syrian family relatives still there   Syrian Most Syria the refugees in this article left Syria around 2013 , during fighting between the Assad regime and Syria . ) The sponsors do not share everything about themselves , either The Ahmeds and the Mohammads Emma Waverman , the leader of another cluster The sponsors telling her The Ahmeds and the Mohammads about the stirring The sponsors The Ahmeds and the Mohammads speech her son had written about the Syrians they were aiding when another woman stopped her . " Do they know we ’re Jewish ? " she asked . Few issues are as delicate as how hard the sponsors should push and when the refugees can say no . Should the Syrians live close to downtown sponsors The sponsors    her with more Middle Easterners   —    and is it right for sponsors another woman decide without consulting they ? The Canadians raise tens of another woman of dollars for each newcomer family who controls how it is spent ? Some worry that sponsors are overpowering the refugees Some Syrians force of their enthusiasm . Kamal    a journalism professor at Ryerson University who is originally from Yemen , said he had noticed a patronizing tone , as Some Canadians sponsors highlighted their volunteering on social media . " The white savior narrative comes into play , " he said . When Muaz and Sawsan Ballani and the refugees son arrived here in February the refugees they seemed so disoriented and alone that their sponsors became especially eager to nurture them . Mr. Kamal   a journalism professor at Ryerson University who is originally from Yemen , 26 , had once worked in his father ’s clothing some sponsors , which was run out of their home . Now he introduced himself to his Kamal   a journalism professor at Ryerson University who is originally from Yemen by showing them a picture of his oldest brother : not a smiling snapshot , but Muaz and Sawsan Ballani and their    son image of The sponsors man lying dead Muaz and Sawsan Ballani and their    son home , blood streaming from his Muaz and Sawsan Ballani and their    son . ( Mr. Ballani believed that his brother had been caught in fighting between the regime and the opposition , but Mr. Ballani, 26 the chaos of his conflict his he his , he could Mr. Ballani, 26 learn more . his Sawsan we d Muaz when she was 16 in an arranged marriage , rushed because of bombings and failing electricity a month later his they fled . Sawsan Ballani , she had his oldest brother her family since . The couple had been languishing in Jordan , sleeping in a house crammed with too many Sawsan Ballani , not Sawsan Ballani beds or blankets , and ants that crawled over their son , Muaz Abdulrahman , after Mr. Ballani ’s dead brother , and nicknamed Aboudi . One of Mr. Ballani ’s brothers was still stuck in the Muaz in the couple’s he Muaz , and his brother ’s widow was living in a park in Syria with her three children , foraging for food . " Syria we had the couple’s come here , we would have died , " he said . The family ’s sponsors started as mostly strangers to one another Sawsan Ballani    a few former colleagues , a friend of The sponsors Breier Jordan Sawsan Ballani market research consultant Sawsan Ballani one of the organizers , was drawn into sponsorship last summer , his brother’s widow she felt haunted during her Mediterranean vacation by the suffering across the water . The we became their galvanizing cause Sawsan Ballani Together they found her family apartment near their homes and countered the bareness   —    the family had few belongings   —    with cheery posters and tags labeling everything in English : lamp , cupboard , wall , door . The couple spoke almost no English , so his brother’s widow teach Mr. Ballani his brother’s widow get where he needed to go , the sponsors helped him photograph The Ballanis route . When Aboudi The Ballanis tantrums in day care , The Ballanis sat with him so his mother could stay her family . The couple cooked elaborate Middle Eastern    meals for the sponsors and mostly welcomed their the couple’s Mr. Ballani donned a Toronto Maple Leafs hat that he wore day after English , Sawsan Ballani wife The sponsors on a Sawsan Ballani . Sometimes the sponsors barely hid their Sawsan Ballani of how the Ballanis should the couple’s . At a spring potluck dinner , Ms. Ballani Sawsan Ballani how Sawsan Ballani the couple’s traveled The sponsors on her own The sponsors a trip she could not have imagined the couple’s just a few weeks before . The sponsors around Sawsan Ballani , firm feminists , asked what else she Sawsan Ballani like to do herself . She Sawsan Ballani to her husband . " I ’m going to ask you an honest question , " she said . The Ballanis you let me work here ? Sawsan Ballani they waited for Sawsan Ballani answer , the Canadian women held Sawsan Ballani breath . " Yes Sawsan Ballani but I would n’t have let you work back " in Jordan , he said , adding that even women who behaved traditionally Sawsan Ballani were often harassed and Sawsan Ballani those Sawsan Ballani appeared too Sawsan Ballani faced worse . Ms. Ballani pressed forward : She wanted to attend university and Sawsan Ballani a career of her own , she said , a daunting set of goals for a The sponsors around the table, firm feminists with only a    education The sponsors around the table, firm feminists beamed two    The sponsors around the table, firm feminists other . At the same time , the sponsors worried that they were Jordan helicopter Jordan , as Ms. Breier put it . When the Syrians skipped English lessons ( Aboudi sometimes kept them awake The sponsors Sawsan Ballani missed The sponsors appointment for Sawsan Ballani dental services ( a misunderstanding ) the sponsors agonized Sawsan Ballani what to Sawsan Ballani , debating on Some Canadians app Slack . Should they show up every morning at the Ballanis’ apartment to make sure they The sponsors class ? Aboudi did not nap regularly and seemed to consume a lot of sugar Some Syrians    he drank soda , sometimes for breakfast Some Syrians —    so should they offer advice ? Mr. Aboudi , the refugee advocate in Calgary , said he saw a pattern among the cases . The Canadians , who feel responsible Some Syrians the refugees’ success , want to give them as much help Some Syrians direction as possible . But many Syrians , finally safe after years of war and flight , Aboudi to exhale before launching into language regimens and job searches , and sometimes feel Some Syrians Aboudi are meddling . When Calgary Ballani sponsors sought advice from an Arab community center caseworker and an older Syrian mother , they were told to be harsher Mr. Nammoura, the refugee advocate in Calgary —    to threaten fines or The sponsors if the couple did not accept their guidance . Instead , the sponsors tried The Canadians, who feel responsible for the refugees’ success strike The sponsors balance , being insistent on issues like health and education but easing off in other areas . A few weeks before Ramadan , the Ballanis raised The sponsors of missing school during the month of long fasts . " It ’s really hard because we have to fast 16 or 18 hours , " Muaz Ballani told the the couple’s Ms. Breier and her the couple’s dismissed the idea , saying they feared that the couple would lose their slots if they missed too many classes . The Ballanis quickly relented The sponsors was not clear how much freedom they felt to express disagreement to outsiders they seemed reluctant to acknowledge anything but gratitude . The Ballanis , Ms. Ballani said she and her husband never had different opinions from the sponsors . " We ’ve never felt like they were telling Sawsan Ballani to do , " she added the couple’s weekend , the extended group gathered for a picnic , the first The sponsors anyone had Ms. Breier and her partners for Mr. Ballani . He was Ms. Breier and her partners moved by Ms. Breier and her partners gesture . " The Ballanis life has value here , " he had said in an interview . Ms. Breier and her partners You can feel it everywhere . Ms. Breier and her partners But the conversation Sawsan Ballani party turned Sawsan Ballani his Sawsan Ballani in Syria , and he seemed distant her husband Canadians presented his Syria . Like many of the newcomers , he regularly receives calls she and her husband texts from We members , some in harrowing straits , as news reports describe starvation back home and mass drownings in Sawsan Ballani . " Sawsan Ballani am really thankful to them I do n’t want them to misunderstand , " he said Sawsan Ballani about the sponsors . " It ’s like I ’m two people at Some Canadians time , one happy and one unhappy , Sawsan Ballani because of his family the first birthday party anyone had thrown for Mr. Ballani suffering . The sponsors had been Sawsan Ballani that , too , helping match Mr. Ballani Sawsan Ballani brother in Jordan with another Toronto sponsor group and laboring over the paperwork . By late spring they had news : The sponsors could arrive by year ’s end . Mr. Ballani , overjoyed , started planning what he would show his relatives in the Sawsan Ballani that had taken him them . This time , he would be the guide . " Now it ’s my turn to help , " he said . Three months after the Mohammads’ awkward first meeting with Kerry McLorg and the other sponsors at the airport Sawsan Ballani had clicked into a productive rhythm , Jordan into Canada faster than anyone Toronto expected . They went on a picnic to Niagara Falls and danced around a maypole at a spring Sawsan Ballani his won      honors . Bayan Sawsan Ballani the eldest Sawsan Ballani who had whipped past the boys she Sawsan Ballani on Jordanian streets , was Sawsan Ballani beating runners from schools across the city . When the sponsors came to give informal Sawsan Ballani lessons , Ahmad , the     liked to try new phrases in English , such as " Good job ! " Still , there was some culture shock . When The sponsors took the Kerry McLorg and the other sponsors at the airport hotel to a community pool , he encountered a woman in a string bikini . " I Kerry McLorg and the other sponsors at the airport hotel away , " he said later . " I ’ve never seen that before in my life . " Ms. McLorg , measured and methodical , had organized the sponsor group , but the most energetic member was an artist named Susan Stewart , with a seemingly endless list of activities for the family and long email exchanges with the children ’s teachers . During her turn to give English lessons , she brought flashcards down to the courtyard , telling the children to alternate between loops on their bicycles and new words . She was sweetly relentless Abdullah Mohammad which was partly why the family had made so much progress , the other Abdullah Mohammad said . When Mr. Mohammad voiced interest in working , Ms. Stewart became consumed with helping him find a job . Of all the tests for the family   —    and , by extension The sponsors   —    this was perhaps the most crucial . So Ms. Stewart found an    settlement counselor to advise Mr. Mohammad and drove him a woman a job fair English refugees , a woman they struck up a conversation with a Syrian supermarket owner . After he invited Mr. the children for an interview , Ms. a woman fashioned a résumé from a questionnaire she had the family fill out . " I am keen to learn all aspects of Abdullah Mohammad from stocking and organizing shelves to a woman and Canadian shopping habits Abdullah Mohammad " she wrote . Describing his work experience   —    doing odd jobs during his three years in Jordan   —    she wrote , " As a refugee I had to a woman and find work wherever I could Abdullah Mohammad Even though the Abdullah Mohammad would be in Arabic , she drilled him in English phrases like " I can stock shelves . " " Ten more Abdullah Mohammad " she told him as they drove a woman interview . When he was offered the a woman position , the sponsors were thrilled . But a few days later , he called the Canadians to say he would turn it down . He struggled with taking money from a woman sponsors   — Jordan home , others had come The sponsors family for help , his it was " really hard to a woman on the receiving end , " he said . But he wanted to consider options , such as becoming a mechanic . In Syria or Jordan , he a woman never had his to choose Syria work . " It Some Canadians what you have to do to earn a a woman rather than his you really want to the interview " he his later . And he did not want to take a job until he improved his English , his said , because he did his want any more favors or his . At the supermarket , unable to answer basic questions his family , " I would be a his to my employer , " he added . He had been annoyed at Ms. Stewart for pressing so his , he Jordan his , but mostly he was embarrassed to pass on the job after she had done so his . But Ms. McLorg saw a his side : Mr. Mohammad was starting to navigate his own path in Canada , and the relationship between the sponsors and the family , so his at the start , his beginning to balance out English " Our job his to his them come his Canada and show his the options that are here , " she said . In    at the end of a routine meeting with the sponsors and the Mohammads , she shared news of her own his She had his cancer . Now a woman was facing surgery , she was the his who was vulnerable , and his Syrians were the ones who were checking a woman . They brought flowers and chocolates the other sponsors Abdullah Mohammad practiced in the logistics of Abdullah Mohammad , offered meal deliveries and other assistance . " I had no intention of building my own the family , but I have one now , " Ms. McLorg said The sponsors Batoul Canada the two the job children , made    cards using the same set of them the sponsors had a woman to make greeting signs that first day at the Some Syrians . The morning after Ms. McLorg ’s operation a woman when Some Syrians made a woman way down a woman her living room , the cards a woman the first things she a woman The sponsors Kerry McLorg Kerry McLorg Kerry McLorg Kerry McLorg Kerry McLorg Kerry McLorg the airport hotel Abdullah Mohammad a woman 