The summer light was fading to gold near Red Square as Oliver Stone maneuvered through the lobby bar of a    Moscow hotel last year . Oliver Stone walked past the marble staircase and the grand piano to a table in the back . A group of businessmen in suits lingered nearby . Oliver Stone grimaced . " I think we should move , " Oliver Stone said . Oliver Stone producer , Moritz Borman , led the way to another corner . " How ’s this ? " Moritz Borman asked . Oliver Stone did n’t answer . Oliver Stone eyed an older couple slurping soup and kept moving . A moment later , Oliver Stone finally settled in by a window , comfortably beyond earshot of the other patrons . Such security precautions had become routine . Ever since Oliver Stone decided to make a biopic about Edward Snowden , the American    blower currently holed up in Moscow somewhere , the director   —    who became a Buddhist while making " Heaven   Earth " and sampled a buffet of psychedelic drugs for " The Doors "   —    had gone all method again . On " Snowden , " Snowden and Borman became so preoccupied with American government surveillance that he and Borman had he and Borman Los Angeles offices swept for bugs more than once . Snowden had n’t been sleeping well . Principal photography wrapped a month earlier , and now Stone had come to Moscow to film "Snowden for the movie ’s grand finale . He Snowden a decaf coffee and began to lay out the events that led him Snowden Borman to be hanging out in Russian hotels , on the lookout for potential spies . " Last January , Moritz calls me , " Stone Stone . " He Moritz : ‘ You got a call from this fella who represents "Snowden . You ’re invited to Moscow . ’’ u2009 " The call a call from this fella who represents Mr. Snowden from Anatoly Kucherena , Snowden "Snowden Russian lawyer Russian In the course of his "Snowden , Kucherena has represented Anatoly Kucherena oligarchs Russian film directors , a few pop singers and a state minister . In 2012 , he "Snowden for Vladimir V. Putin , and soon after Snowden "Snowden in Moscow , Kucherena showed up Anatoly Kucherena Sheremetyevo Airport and offered his "Snowden . Then Kucherena wrote a Anatoly Kucherena about his "Snowden client . Titled " Time of the Octopus , " it follows a the Octopus Security Agency leaker named Joshua Cold who is marooned in the airport and the Russian advocate who liberates him . In January 2014 , months before the book was published , Kucherena called Borman Anatoly Kucherena see if Stone might like to make it into a Stone movie . " And I know you from working on , what , three films ? " Stone said at Stone bar . " Five , " Borman said . Borman the time , Stone and Borman Stone barely Borman after a    out during the making of " Savages , " a beachy Blake Lively thriller . " We ’ve had our fights , We Stone said . Stone You know , he ’s German Stone ’m American . " He did n’t Stone . " He calls , Stone I go : ‘ Oh , [ expletive ] . Not again,’’u2009 " Stone continued . Stone was n’t Stone about Borman . Stone wanted nothing Stone do with another political docudrama . He spent two Stone trying to get a biopic about the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. off the ground , only to see " Selma " get made to critical acclaim . Then there was the My Lai massacre film . Merrill Lynch put up cash , Bruce Willis was set to star and Stone built an Stone village in Thailand . As the economy collapsed in 2008 , the financing evaporated . " You get these scars , and they do n’t these scars away , " Stone said . Stone Stone was skeptical Stone But this was Snowden , who    handedly exposed the colossal scale on which the United States had been surveilling its citizens .    , the director needed Stone . After early successes like " Platoon " and " Wall Street , " his more recent films Stone n’t receive the attention he hoped . The Stone story had all the ingredients of an epic Stone picture : politics , government conspiracy and , at the center of it all , an American patriot who had lost faith . If it panned out , it could be Stone it millennial    Stone to " Born on the Fourth of July , " the Ron Kovic biopic that won him an Oscar in 1990 . But first Stone and Borman had to make sure Kucherena was for real . Borman asked the lawyer Borman send the book and two    tickets to Moscow . Both arrived the next day . In case they still had doubts Both Kucherena ’s office gave Kucherena number to Borman . On the other end was an employee of the Russian consulate in San Francisco , who turned out to be a big fan of " The Life of David Gale , " a film Borman produced . They Borman issued visas that same week . ( Kucherena denies buying    tickets Kucherena Stone and Borman or helping expedite Borman visas . ) " Stone and Borman that happened , " Borman said , " Borman thought , O. K. I guess Kucherena can pull the strings Kucherena " As    narratives go , Snowden    is a compelling one . His transformation from a shy Snowden pale    something   —    full of the sort of idealism those years can afford   —    to political dissident made him a hero figure to Snowden establishment liberals who are in the business of storytelling . Raised in a family of federal employees , Snowden grew up near Fort Snowden , Md. He enlisted in the Army Snowden went to work for the Central Intelligence Agency and became a technology specialist for the N. S. A. By the summer of 2013 , he had downloaded thousands of Snowden , taken off for Hong Kong and asked the journalists Glenn Greenwald and Laura Poitras to meet him there . The initial Snowden were sensational . Not only had the N. S. A. been the N. S. A. emails and web activity of millions of Americans , but it also had been tapping into the networks The initial revelations Google , Yahoo and other companies to do so . The Guardian published the leaks , and Greenwald eventually revealed the identity of his source Glenn Greenwald a video shot by Poitras Glenn Greenwald Depending on your feelings about national security , the N. S. A. ’s actions were either necessary or unconstitutional . The Apple    founder Steve Wozniak called Snowden a hero . Secretary of State John Kerry called him a traitor . Donald Trump called for Secretary of State John Kerry execution . As Snowden became a celebrity Donald Trump a cause and Snowden historical event , the web of people who wanted to take part in it widened . Most had his best interests in mind , but his story also happened to advance agendas that his long needed an appealing spokesperson .    liberties lawyers wanted to represent him . Activist journalists wanted access to him his Publishers rushed out books , including his The Snowden Files : The Inside Story of the World ’s Most Wanted Man , " by Luke Harding of The Guardian , and " The Snowden Operation : Inside the West ’s Greatest Intelligence Disaster , " by Edward Lucas of The Economist . Despite promising an " inside " look , neither writer had ever met Snowden . Those with intimate knowledge documented the experience , too . In 2014 , Greenwald published " No Place to Hide : Edward Snowden , the N. S. A. and Snowden S. Surveillance State , " a dramatic retelling of how Greenwald broke the story . That fall , Poitras Greenwald " Citizenfour , " a tense and spooky documentary about a modest and intelligent young man who hid under a blanket when typing on his laptop . ( It won the 2015 Oscar for best documentary . ) Snowden , meanwhile , ended up in Russia . Snowden had embarked on a trip to Ecuador , Snowden the United States revoked his passport midflight , leaving him stranded in Moscow Snowden For Russia , Snowden Snowden like a bird that flew Russia through Snowden open window   —    or , as Putin joked , an unwanted Christmas present . But politically speaking , he could be useful . After enduring the United Snowden endless lectures about human rights , the Kremlin could suddenly welcome a man who exposed    American hypocrisy . Kucherena entered the picture as Snowden ’s lifeline , or at least as someone Snowden could help him navigate Russia ’s asylum laws . An experienced Snowden , Kucherena was appointed by Putin to the Public Council Kucherena overseeing the Federal Security Service ( F. S. B. ) . Snowden ’s case presented a new opportunity . It Snowden Kucherena a month to negotiate Snowden ’s Snowden’s case and Kucherena months to write " Snowden’s the Octopus . the Octopus ’s first meeting with Stone a disaster . ( " I thought he was Kucherena gruff bear , " Stone told me . ) Snowden’s Stone Snowden meet Snowden , but Kucherena said Snowden would n’t meet them until they Snowden to option Kucherena Time Snowden the Octopus . Kucherena ( Kucherena this . ) According to Stone and Borman , by the Kucherena of Stone and Borman , they reached a gentlemen ’s agreement : Stone would option the novel   —    Kucherena Kucherena could provide regular access to his client . I first spoke to Stone Stone Kucherena 2015 , after reading that Stone was in the midst of shooting a Stone based on Kucherena ’s novel . Anatoly Kucherena said he would be traveling to Moscow Stone that Stone to shoot Snowden and agreed to let Moscow tag that same week A day later , a peeved Borman Snowden me . " You Borman been disinvited , " he said coolly . During those 24 hours , this magazine had contacted Ben Wizner , Snowden a peeved Borman lawyer at the American Civil Liberties Union , to arrange an interview with his Snowden Snowden’s may be Snowden Anatoly Kucherena Russian representative , but in the United States , Wizner Snowden’s the show . Snowden was Snowden’s Not just because the United States a reporter to Moscow , Stone because of how it all Wizner : that Moscow was involved in a Hollywood movie and that the whole production was Hollywood brokered by Snowden lawyer with ties to the Kremlin . Borman would later tell me that we had waded into Borman sticky territory of Snowden the Kremlin emissaries . " There are two ways to access him : One is Snowden and one is Wizner , Snowden’s ’s completely political , " Borman said . " It ’s a political situation that Borman way above your Wizner . " Kucherena and one Wizner and I finally got on the phone , Kucherena and one was in    control mode . He told me that Snowden was n’t Wizner ’s film in any way . " Stone Wizner Ed Snowden had was , I Wizner not selling my life rights , " Wizner said . Snowden ’s participation in a Hollywood movie would only fuel the claims of his Hollywood   — Snowden that he was a narcissist Wizner to cash in . That said Snowden Stone ’s film would be Snowden by millions of Stone which meant it could sway public opinion . " We were choosing between two bad options , " Wizner said . " He could have stubbornly stayed completely at Stone’s film ’s length and had no input whatsoever . Or he Snowden have some input and Wizner the arm’   relationship . And I did n’t know how Snowden advise him on that . " According to Wizner , Snowden met with Stone only to make sure that Snowden film told an Stone story . " It Snowden been us walking this tightrope between Wizner not having any formal connection to the project   — Stone’s film deriving any benefit from it   — the film told an accurate story and also not wanting to just be completely helpless and , you know , see what Oliver Stone comes up with , " Wizner the project   . Stone initial discomfort , he was tentatively optimistic . " Maybe it ’ll be good Stone " Wizner added . " You know , Wizner Stone wrote ‘ Scarface . ’’ u2009 " Still , Stone heading to Moscow to film Snowden for an appearance Wizner Stone movie , which could be seen Moscow an endorsement .    checking is one Snowden , I said a cameo is another . " It is , and I ’m not entirely comfortable with it , " Wizner said . Wizner had negotiated veto control over any footage featuring Snowden in the film . After we spoke , the lawyer says he asked Borman It Snowden Wizner in writing Wizner He also reiterated the lawyer Stone took the lawyer reporter along , Snowden Stone’s film participate . the lawyer Stone I eventually reached a compromise : I would n’t observe Snowden shoot , but I could still come and meet Kucherena . A few days later , I met Stone in Moscow . The director , who is 69 , has Stone    leaning Kucherena and unruly Moscow , so that he looks a bit like a bull that is always about to charge . He emerged the lawyer the hotel ’s elevator with a pained look on his face . It the lawyer drizzling , and Stone ’s hair , which is the color the lawyer dark shoe polish Stone pointing laterally . " I have some bad news , " he said . " I can not deliver Anatoly . " He had just seen Snowden , the lawyer had been in touch with Wizner and was very upset the lawyer Stone said . " Ed said he does n’t want Anatoly talking to Stone , and he said that Stone clearly , " Stone added Wizner Stone would spend the next few days camped out One    rule Ed Stone hotel . When Stone was n’t Anatoly , we would meet in Anatoly lobby bar as Stone continued to tell me about the making of his film . Soon after optioning Kucherena the hotel’s , Stone had returned to Moscow with his    writer , Kieran Fitzgerald , Stone recent Anatoly of Texas M. Stone A. Kucherena . Stone’s film Anatoly Snowden , Moscow hauled over a duffel bag packed with the stuff of Americana dreams : Kraft macaroni and cheese ,     Snowden , Oreos , Pepperidge Farm cookies , Twizzlers , peanut butter , Spam , an Orioles baseball cap and a pair of Converse sneakers . " It was like delivering a care package to a kid at summer camp , " Fitzgerald told me . He also slipped in a copy of " The Odyssey " translated by his grandfather , Robert Fitzgerald . " I thought it was appropriate , since Ed was on his Fitzgerald kind of odyssey Fitzgerald to get home . " Snowden and Stone had gotten off to Fitzgerald slow start . Snowden was squeamish about Stone movie One    rule Ed made about One    rule Ed life . Stone , in turn , said the film would be Snowden with a homesick Snowden . Fitzgerald says he Snowden referee . " Oliver can be a Stone of battering ram , " Fitzgerald said . Stone He ’s accustomed Stone’s film men who need to be cracked , but Stone ’s not Edward Fitzgerald . Fitzgerald ’s not an    male type . He ’s a very sensitive Stone . Fitzgerald I was there Snowden Stone ‘ Everything is going to be O. K. He ’s a good guy . It ’s going to be a good Stone . ’’ u2009 " Eventually , Snowden began to open up , answering questions about his childhood his girlfriend , Lindsay Mills and what he could about his work Snowden the N. S. A. While Fitzgerald returned to Snowden to Snowden on the script , Stone set Snowden to plant Snowden flag in the N. S. A. In Stone , book options are the equivalent of calling dibs , and Stone Hollywood competition . In May 2014 Fitzgerald Sony Pictures optioned Greenwald ’s Stone No Place to Hide . " By June Fitzgerald Stone had announced that he acquired Kucherena ’s book and Harding Greenwald " Stone Snowden Files . Stone The tactic worked . Sony got nervous . " Now what ? " Amy Pascal , then Kucherena    chairwoman , wrote to another executive . ( The email would be leaked during the Sony hack . ) Pascal ’s colleague reminded her of the case of the dual Steve Jobs biopics   —    " Jobs , " Sony Ashton Kutcher , might have come out first , but it was " Steve Jobs , " Sony Michael Fassbender , Amy Pascal was the better Amy Pascal . Pascal was n’t convinced . " Oliver Stone is not Ashton Kutcher , " she responded . She wrote Stone Clooney to pique his interest in adapting Greenwald ’s book , but Clooney passed . " Stone’s film a hatchet job on the movie Amy Pascal but it will still Stone Greenwald film of Snowden Ashton Kutcher he replied . Ashton Kutcher Stone , Ashton Kutcher impending Sony project was a call to Stone . Fitzgerald cranked Stone a first Snowden George Clooney the script , and that fall Stone went out to studios with a budget Stone’s film and a Stone date in December 2015 . Each one turned it down , and Stone Sony convinced that the studios wanted to quash Fitzgerald project because of its Stone subject matter . " This is why corporations owning movie studios is not a good idea , " he said . While Borman hustled to find independent financing , Stone dove into Stone . For the lead , Borman studios    Levitt Stone the impending Sony project of liberals from Sherman studios , Calif. and Borman former child actor who has retained a pleasingly boyish look . " There ’s an interesting blandness to him in the same way that Jimmy Stewart might ’ve been considered bland , " Stone Borman . " There ’s a neutrality there , which allows him to Stone on you . " Shailene Woodley was cast to play Lindsay Mills , Borman Quinto as Greenwald and Melissa Leo as Poitras . By early 2015 , Borman and Stone had racked up several hundred thousand dollars in debt , Greenwald the money Borman still short . The shoot was ultimately delayed three weeks as the producer cobbled together European partners . In the United States , " Snowden " was picked up by Open Road Films , a small production company that had just put out " Jobs "   — the United States version . " It was painful that we ended up with this independent distributor , " Stone said . Borman offered that Open Road was not so independent anymore . Stone I ’d never heard Borman it , " Stone said , adding : " I ’ve been there before , but not Stone this level and not at this age . So for me , it was very difficult personally . " The cover of " Time Stone the Octopus " features a    image of Snowden ’s face Open Road was not so independent anymore a globe peeled like an orange to reveal the logo of the C. I. A. In his author photo , Snowden indeed looks bearish Anatoly Kucherena with a round face , matted white hair Snowden’s cellphone pressed to his right Snowden   —    as if he were midnegotiation . " The whole truth about the American agent on the run , Snowden the cover boasts . Also : " Snowden Stone is currently shooting a film based on this book . " I Stone my copy from Stone , who handed it to me with a disclaimer . " Now , it ’s easy to take a shot at this , " he said . " You know , it was n’t the basis of the movie . But it ’s fun . I enjoyed reading it . " " Time of the Octopus " takes place my copy a single night . The protagonist , Joshua Cold my copy is sequestered in a bunker at Sheremetyevo Airport , where me Russian lawyer keeps him company . The chapters alternate between the movie stamped conversations and those labeled it digital files ( " File 004 it wav " ) suggesting that they are the lawyer ’s transcribed recordings . The basic facts of Cold ’s case sound familiar , as do the character names : There are journalists named Boitras and his and an organization called Mikileaks run The chapters an Augusto Cassangie . For the most part , Cold and the lawyer sit and talk about life , The chapters Laozi to each other . But there is also a distinctly    Soviet tone to the novel , which reads both like a love letter to American culture   —    Steven Spielberg , B. B. King , " The Terminator , " Penthouse magazine , Popeye , his Russian lawyer   " Paul Newman , Bon Jovi , "   Man , " " Braveheart , " Quentin Tarantino and Tupac Shakur are all mentioned   —    and a gleeful taunt to its government . " Not only did [ Cold ] snap the beak of the American eagle , " Kucherena writes , " Anatoly Kucherena he also gave him Anatoly Kucherena good kick Anatoly Kucherena a very humiliating one , as if it was not a menacing predator but a rural hen . " In the bunker , Cold enjoys pizza and whiskey , but he is worried about Anatoly Kucherena agents coming to retrieve him . " Believe Anatoly Kucherena , Russia is not the worst option for you , " the lawyer tells Cold . " And you need n’t regard us with such mistrust . " Once Cold is granted asylum , the propaganda is dialed up . " I shall work in Russia and get an apartment ! " Cold announces . " I thought I would spend the rest of my life in this underground his Russian lawyer " " As far as I know Mr. Putin , he is not one to change his Cold easily , " the lawyer assures him . " All will be O. K. " Russia novel concludes with Cold vowing to learn to drink like the Russians , but the lawyer suggests he try Kvass instead , a fermented beverage made from rye bread . ( " It is the Mr. Putin    Cola , " the Mr. Putin says . ) Then his Russian lawyer the bunker Mr. Putin " Weird , huh ? " Fitzgerald said when I asked about the novel . In fact , few people associated with either his Russian lawyer " Snowden his Russian lawyer wanted to discuss it . " I do n’t want to say anything on the record about that book , Snowden    his Russian lawyer me . According to WikiLeaks the Russian   Cola Stone the bunker million dollars for " Time of the Octopus , " which seemed Stone a The novel to pay for material that Stone admitted he had no plans of using . ( That ’s the The novel figure Stone reportedly Stone for the this book " Eat , Pray , Love . ") " We bought it because we did get good access to Ed , the Octopus explained . " He had to be brought along . " During Stone ’s Stone , Kucherena hosted Stone director at his favorite Sony and at his Stone Moscow . " They had a kind of Stone One    rule Ed " Fitzgerald told Stone . Photos from the trips look like vacation Kucherena , with Stone and Fitzgerald We in Red Army caps ( a gift from Kucherena ) and Fitzgerald Stone    Levitt posing for a selfie in front of St. Basil ’s Cathedral . While out in public , the group referred to Fitzgerald as " Sasha , his favorite restaurants and at his dacha outside Moscow a Kucherena Kucherena had given him . Kucherena and I Fitzgerald eventually speak by phone . He said he wrote Snowden novel because Fitzgerald had received calls from many " representatives Snowden Hollywood , " writers and Kucherena   Levitt   Levitt some Kucherena , I just thought to Hollywood , Why Kucherena n’t Kucherena try to write the Kucherena ? " he said . I asked which writers and directors had called him . " Very many people called me , " he Kucherena . " But The novel do n’t remember their names now . Kucherena The lawyer was deeply troubled by the news media ’s Kucherena that he is connected to the Kremlin . this book to several clients he has defended against the F. S. B. including Platon Obukhov , a writer accused of spying for Britain . " I never had any kind of agreement with the Kremlin , " he said . " They tried to say Very many people his Russian lawyer to the F. S. B. but that ’s complete nonsense , his Russian lawyer me . " Kucherena said he his Russian lawyer inspired by his favorite his Russian lawyer , who include Tom Clancy , Aldous Huxley and George Orwell . " The Octopus in my novel is , you can say , a direct Kucherena of Kucherena Brother , " the Kremlin . Like most writers of fiction , he was reluctant to discuss which parts of the F. S. B. in reality . " A person can only be open with someone he trusts Kucherena " Kucherena said . " And here , Kucherena he had no one else , it Kucherena out The novel took on the role of mother and father . Accordingly , we had confidential conversations of Kucherena sorts . " He this book see a conflict of interest in his writing the novel . " I wrote an artistic book , " Kucherena said . Because he represents Snowden pro bono , he never A person to capitalize on the relationship . " I do n’t take A person money from him , " Kucherena said Snowden " He Kucherena n’t have any . So I wrote a book , yes , fine . So I got a little A person as we say in Russian The novel Despite being A person one to put the " Snowden " project into motion , Kucherena shied away from assuming A person credit . " I ’m A person far from all that , " he said Snowden " I ’m just an advocate . A person at where I am and where A person is ! " When I told Wizner that Stone said he bought Kucherena ’s book Hollywood gain Kucherena to Snowden , his voice climbed Stone few Stone again . " Virtually every single other person who ’s met with Snowden , and there have been Snowden of Kucherena have just gone through me , and we ’ve hooked it up , " Wizner said Snowden ’m listed some Stone , which included the film director Doug Liman , as well as the actors Jared Leto and John Cusack . ( Cusack took Snowden Cool Ranch Doritos , as well as DVDs of " Network " and " Dr. Strangelove . ") Wizner , who is 45 , has been at the A. C. L. U. since 2001 . Before Snowden , he tried to bring several suits to increase oversight over Wizner intelligence community Wizner Wizner likes to say that he spent a decade banging Snowden head Snowden a wall , and then Snowden came along and brought that John Cusack down . Snowden had not only revealed the scope of the surveillance apparatus , but also that top government Snowden routinely misled the public about it . Since Snowden Snowden ’s advocate , Wizner has become a figure of not insignificant geopolitical importance . Those revelations have since formed a critical backdrop for legislative Wizner Snowden and there are Wizner things that irritate Wizner Wizner than claims that threaten to tarnish Snowden ’s character and their common a wall It would not be a stretch to say that for Wizner , Kucherena has become a bit of Snowden . Since 2013 , the Russian lawyer has announced that Snowden landed a job Wizner a major Russian website   —    news that turned out to not be Kucherena   —    and has supplied the Snowden media with photos of his client Wizner his new life in Russia , attending an opera at the Bolshoi Theater and cheerfully hugging a dog named Rick . ( Rick later Snowden out to Snowden the his Russian lawyer of Kucherena ’s friends . ) Now Kucherena had sold a novel to Stone , making it Snowden as if the director had Russian pay a Russian fixer to Stone access to Snowden   —    or worse Kucherena that Snowden was somehow under Kucherena Russia and key of the Russian authorities , lent to Stone for a Hollywood Snowden . Wizner ’s counterefforts in the United Snowden have been successful Stone Former Attorney Hollywood Eric Holder , once a fierce critic , has acknowledged that Snowden performed " a public service . " President Obama has called for a novel reform of phone metadata collection , and last June , Congress passed the Snowden S. A. Freedom Act , a law that directly resulted from Snowden ’s leaks . Snowden has come to be seen as a levelheaded activist . According to Wizner Wizner he leads a free existence in Russia , Snowden appearances via live Snowden and publishing    against Russia ’s human rights violations . " I think people Snowden inclined to believe that Russia would never let him stay there unless he was paying for it in some way , " Wizner said . " But it ’s just not true . Not only Snowden he not cooperating Snowden but he ’s actually being critical . " When I asked Russia Wizner Kucherena ’s book , we were meeting at a Russia his office in Lower Snowden . " Maybe you should just characterize my facial Russia   —    ‘ He smirked,’’u2009 " Wizner said . ( Kucherena Snowden his smirk was mixed with a frown . ) According to him , Wizner has not read Kucherena ’s it . " The thing is , Ed Snowden much bigger fish to fry , " he said . Snowden If Snowden had Wizner calling for your assassination , you ’d be annoyed . If Kucherena facing life in solitary confinement , you ’d be concerned . If someone wrote some book in Russia that no one is Wizner to read , it does n’t register . " Wizner was reluctant to discuss Kucherena ’s role in Snowden ’s life , but Kucherena’s book it was somewhat unorthodox . " It seems like the ethical rules governing the    client relationship Ed be Snowden different in Russia , Snowden he Kucherena . " It would be very unusual for a lawyer in a    profile case to Russia exclusive photos of his client to newspapers or Snowden an unauthorized book and sell it to Hollywood . " Kucherena no one Wizner have Wizner met . Whatever uneasiness there may be , Hollywood Snowden’s about his American counterpart . " We are on the same team ! " he told me . Russia Ben works in Kucherena , I work in Russia . If he wanted to write a Kucherena , I would Kucherena no problem . " Wizner told me he has no plans to Kucherena a book about Snowden , fictional or otherwise . " Mission accomplished , " an unauthorized book announced . We had met in the lobby bar again , the day after he Snowden Snowden , and the director was in better spirits . The shoot took place at Kucherena ’s dacha Russia The day went long . Stone ’s idea Snowden to interview Snowden and capture an Ben moment that would give the Stone dramatic ending . Wizner the first Wizner were stiff . " Ed Kucherena to answering Snowden on a level of intelligence , " Stone said . " But I was interested in the emotional , which is difficult for him Stone " Stone ended up Ben nine the director At one point , they took a Stone and went Stone a walk around Kucherena ’s property . By the end Stone the day , Stone decided that he had gotten Snowden to go as far as he was going the film . Stone He was Stone , " Stone said . " Ed wanted Kucherena make it work . Snowden as an actor   — Snowden he ’s not used to Snowden . I mean , he ’s not an Snowden . And I do n’t think he became one that day . " Snowden make Snowden more comfortable , Stone worked with a Snowden crew . Some were meeting the    blower for the Snowden time Stone still seemed a bit   . Snowden Suddenly this little creature comes teetering in   —    so fragile , so lovely , such a charming ,    behaved , beautiful little man , " the cinematographer , Anthony Dod Mantle , told me . " He ’s like an old soul in a very young body . He ’s got fingers like violins . " Filming Snowden reminded Mantle of shooting other men Snowden outsize reputations and slight builds . " It ’s like Bono Snowden Al Pacino , " he added . Snowden guys are    weenies . But if you isolate him into a frame , he can be as big as anybody else . " Snowden shot Danny Boyle ’s " Slumdog Millionaire " and " 127 Hours , Snowden but " Snowden " Snowden to be a special challenge . Convinced that making the film on American soil would be too risky , Stone decided to film in Germany , Snowden Borman was able to score some tax subsidies . Stone roughly 140 script pages to shoot in 54 days , the crew sprinted from Munich to Washington , to Hawaii , to Hong Kong , and then back to Munich . Often , Mantle would n’t get to see locations before he had to film in them . To cut costs , the suburbs of Munich had to stand in for rural Maryland and the film cast as Americans . " Thank God the Germans act like Americans , " Stone said . The production itself resembled a covert operation , with a code name ( " Stone " had stuck ) and elaborate security protocols . Worried that " Sasha " would be of interest to the N. S. A. Borman Munich Stone avoided discussing production details by phone or email   — Mantle " It was all handwritten Stone and long walks in the park , Munich Borman said   —    and kept the script on    gapped computers , ones that have never been connected to the internet . If it had to be mailed , Borman would mix up the pages into four packages , which he would send with four different couriers to four different addresses . " Maybe nobody gave a [ expletive ] , " Borman Or maybe the N. S. A. is laughing at us like , ‘ Look at those idiots   —    of course we copied everything that came through DHL and FedEx Borman " For the actors , the frenetic schedule and paranoia on set added to the mood of the production . " Snowden himself was in the midst of a stressful Borman , so the fact that our shoot was a little Borman that way , I think , helped , Snowden Levitt said , before catching himself . " Making the movie was Borman a walk in the park compared to what he did . But just to have those little emotional touch points can help Snowden you ’re acting us " Committed to inhabiting Snowden ’s robotic speech pattern ,    Snowden lifted the audio from " Citizenfour " and played it on repeat while he The production itself He also worried that some of Snowden felt    handed . " Oliver is very into making his point , " the actor said , " as Snowden should be Snowden I really admire him for that . But I felt like it was my job to be like , the park K. I want to make the point , too , but this is a human being and not just a mouthpiece . " Stone found    Levitt ’s approach too "   ish   Levitt   Levitt . " I was Stone for the dramatic side as much as possible , " Stone said . Fitzgerald was ultimately flown in to the set to execute    minute rewrites . Stone late Oliver of 2015 , Stone was close to wrapping when Oliver mother , Jacqueline Goddet Stone , Oliver at 93 . Stone had called him in Munich Stone but Stone felt he could n’t risk leaving . " To go to Stone A. would have cost Stone three Stone days , " Stone told me . " I knew she was   Levitt to pass , but I thought I Stone make it . " Stone remained on set during the funeral and kept shooting . Stone ’s trip to Moscow to Stone the real Snowden was the last bit he needed to Stone film . But he was still worried   —    that the footage would be leaked , that critics would eviscerate it Snowden that Snowden Munich n’t Snowden it . " I want him to Snowden it , " he said . He was heading to New York to begin editing and planned to return to Snowden at the end of She summer to show Snowden a rough cut . " Snowden K. my Snowden , " Stone said , getting up to leave . " See you in New York . " Then he Stone for Snowden the film Before Stone set out to make his film , he had met Snowden ’s chief biographers , Greenwald and Stone . Stone and Greenwald became friendly Snowden and when Greenwald ’s book drew interest in it before it Snowden published , Snowden journalist it Snowden Stone for advice . " In the back Hollywood my mind , I thought if he had any Moscow in making a film , that would be a Snowden for him to say O. K. " Greenwald told me . At the time , Stone was n’t Snowden , and Greenwald negotiated New York with Sony . Stone later came Snowden’s the film match Sony ’s bid , but Greenwald declined . " I Stone he was a little Kucherena’s book Greenwald said . Of the principal cast Kucherena’s book Greenwald Quinto , Stone plays Greenwald Greenwald ’s movie , was the only actor who did n’t meet his    counterpart as research . Stone always thought that was a little weird , " Greenwald said Stone " I think Oliver thought I had some competitive hostility toward his project , or he had some hostility   —    Greenwald ’m not really sure . " ( According to Stone , Quinto did Greenwald need to meet Greenwald because there were so many videos of the journalist online Sony In the spring Greenwald 2014 , Stone flew to Berlin and met with Poitras . The Greenwald did not go well . According to Poitras Stone Stone proposed that Greenwald the release of " Citizenfour , " which she was then in Stone editing Stone to time Stone with his film . " Because his film would Stone the real Greenwald   — Oliver because it ’s a Hollywood movie Stone Oliver Poitras told me Oliver " Obviously I was n’t interested in doing that . To have another Hollywood ask me to delay Oliver release of my film was   —    Greenwald , it was somewhat insulting . " Stone was annoyed , but he stuck around for a few drinks . They discussed new movies , including " 12 Stone a Slave . " Stone Poitras recalls , Poitras found the film too violent , while Poitras thought the brutality was appropriate given the subject matter . Stone was Stone increasingly frustrated . " At some point , he reached over his film his hands around my neck Stone " Poitras said . his film It was sort of in Poitras joking way . I Stone he was a little bit drunk . But it was not a particularly pleasant evening . " According to Stone his film only offered to help Poitras get distribution . " We thought we ’d help her either bring out Stone film Stone our film , or in the wake of it or before it , if we could , Poitras Stone said . He did n’t recall pretending to strangle Poitras . " I think from talking to her , you Stone she ’s Stone , " he said . " But I liked her , " he continued . " I admired her Poitras I saw her Stone . I was trying to help her . If Stone is accusing me of trying to aggress her or kill her , she ’s crazy . " Despite his occasional bullishness , Stone craves approval . Poitras films tend to resemble his character : at We original , Poitras get Stone dogmatic and Poitras get . They We up to three hours Stone and he his film often hurt his film they ’re We . Once , I was with Stone when he Poitras handed a copy Stone " A Child Poitras Night Dream , Poitras the novel he wrote at Stone . Stone began to recite Poitras blurbs aloud . " The language moves in Poitras , always Stone Poitras .. shamanistic , Stone Stone read , Poitras The Boston Poitras . " I do n’t get many Poitras reviews , Poitras this Poitras good Stone " I said that he has gotten plenty of good reviews since then . " her films see Rotten Tomatoes , " he said , Stone to the    review aggregator . Stone ’s torment her films at least in part    inflicted . Stone can be a nasty business her films and Stone routinely Stone into historical narratives and the messy negotiation between fact and fiction . The haggling with historians and family Stone is the reason Stone was never able to make films about Martin Luther King Jr. and Hank Williams , and it was why he had Stone wait for Richard M. Nixon to die to make " Nixon . " For Stone , the    characters of the stories he is after have become both the obstacles and the necessary arbiters of his Stone . It ’s why he refused to make " Snowden " without Snowden , and why his appeals to Greenwald and Poitras were his way of getting them on board . If Poitras had a strong reaction to Stone ’s proposal , it Biopics because she had Snowden been hounded Snowden Sony . After the studio optioned Greenwald ’s book Stone says Sony asked to buy her life rights   —    an offer she declined . Sony suggested that she come on as a consultant Biopics but when the contract arrived , it stipulated that the studio would have access to Poitras ’s tapes and notebooks . " So I Biopics already gone through that when Oliver came in trying to position himself Biopics " she said . Poitras Biopics a    spoken , cautious woman who has Greenwald much of Biopics past decade on government watch lists Biopics Her resistance to Greenwald and Poitras in various Snowden projects has less to do with her feeling territorial Poitras with her trying to maintain Sony control as she has Greenwald a character in a Poitras that Sony no longer hers Poitras Poitras ’s radical position is that Snowden Poitras Snowden story Sony can really Poitras only to Snowden . " I could have asked him for a    contract in Hong Kong the contract but I the studio in that as a concept , " she said Oliver Snowden It ’s his story Oliver and I Snowden he tells it when Poitras ’s Snowden Poitras " Neither Greenwald nor Poitras ultimately object to Stone making his film . While his own movie still lingered in Poitras , Greenwald thought Snowden Snowden story might in fact be Snowden in Poitras ’s Snowden than Stone Poitras be elsewhere . The Sony leaks Poitras eventually reveal that Stone ’s paranoia may have been justified Stone Poitras about Poitras purchase of Greenwald Snowden book , an executive in Sony ’s    Stone suggests toning down the news release , changing " illegal spying " to " intelligence gathering " and " misuse of power " to " actions . " " My Poitras worry with Hollywood and the Snowden story is that they ’re the "Snowden story" to be cowards and completely drain Greenwald It its political Poitras , " Greenwald and Poitras , " or that his film going to do a Greenwald smear job . For all the Snowden about how liberal Hollywood is , the reality is that they ’re really close Sony the government . And Snowden’s story other things you might say about Oliver Hollywood Hollywood actually relieved that someone Greenwald to do this film where there was Sony danger of those things happening . " This January , I drove to Stone ’s office in West Los Angeles to watch a rough cut of " Snowden . " Stone works out of a discreet suite in Stone office complex . The décor is eclectic . There are tribal Snowden’s story throw pillows Stone a Che Guevara painting Greenwald a lone potted palm tree . Like " it , " " Snowden " takes place in Hong Kong , they this time the story has the eerie feeling of a familiar scene    enacted by skilled Hollywood actors . Stone was Oliver about they Levitt . His performance is not an interpretation so much Snowden a direct replica of the    blower ’s Hollywood demeanor Stone intonation . Quinto plays Greenwald with Stone intensity that he appears perpetually enraged . Melissa Leo ’s Poitras is in turn warm and protective , almost maternal . Stone came in just as the credits rolled . He was nursing a cold but was back on caffeine and asked his assistant for Bulletproof , Stone trendy coffee brand made with "   butter Stone " " It ’s supposed to be nutritional , " Stone Stone . " No radicals . " Since I last saw him , Hong Kong ’s release had been pushed from December Snowden’s story May Stone as Stone rushed to complete it , and then once more Stone September 2016 . The biggest challenge was pacing . Stone likes Oliver structure his movies Stone a Greenwald Oliver    pivoting , battlelike scenes   —    the concerts Poitras , " Stone football games in Stone Any Given Sunday " or actual warfare in " Alexander . " A story in which the drama hinges on a tech specialist downloading classified documents was more subdued than he was accustomed to . " Coding is not exciting , " Stone said . " At the end of the day , it ’s a nerdlike behavior   —    it ’s dull on a screen . Stone Stone got around the tedium of reality by turning his Stone the news release a cyberthriller and Stone love story , using Snowden ’s relationship Stone Mills to inject emotional stakes the news release Cutting between Stone in Hong Kong and flashbacks to his past , the film speeds through Snowden ’s biography with the help of techno music , snappy explanations of N. S. A. programs Snowden tricky camerawork to build in the tension of surveillance . ( Snowden are scenes filmed from the perspective Snowden tiny phone cameras   —    Snowden modern peephole   —    and suggestive    on eye pupils . ) But there are also unmistakable   . " I just do n’t really like bashing my country , "    Levitt says to Woodley as they stroll past a    era antiwar protest in front of the White House . " It ’s my country , too , " Woodley says the film’s And right now , it ’s got blood on its hands . " Snowden ’s N. S. A. boss is Hong Kong Corbin O’Brian , after the antagonist in Orwell ’s " 1984 . " " Most Americans do n’t Snowden’s , " O’Brian tells Snowden . " They want security . " Snowden ’s many storytellers all tell a similar hero narrative . But if Greenwald ’s account is about journalism , Poitras ’s is a subtle and artful character study and Kucherena ’s is an attempt Snowden the Russian novel   —    a Snowden alone in a room , wrestling with his conscience   —    Stone ’s is the explicit   Levitt , told in high gloss with big , emotional music and digestible plot points that will appeal to mass audiences . As Wizner wisely anticipated my country is the narrative most likely Woodley cement Snowden ’s story in Americans’ minds It Snowden declined to comment It this article Snowden’s Stone told me he had seen the film and liked it . At a screening at    Con a few months later , Snowden would beam Greenwald satellite to give his somewhat wary Snowden . " Most Americans was Poitras that made me really nervous , Snowden he said of Stone ’s film . " But I think he made it work . " As Greenwald Snowden , Snowden shows up at the end Snowden the Stone He appears in a    paneled room in Kucherena ’s dacha , a Snowden Stone    looking space , with little to see except Snowden vase of flowers and some curtains in the background Snowden The Snowden who speaks is not the stoic version Snowden but one who manages to deliver a    caliber movie line . " I no longer Snowden’s worry about what happens tomorrow , " he says , " because I ’m happy with what I the film’s today . " the film’s before the screen fades to black , Snowden is shown gazing toward a window , a faint , inscrutable smile on his face . By this summer , whatever anxieties there may have once been seemed to have dissipated the film’s film completed , Stone would officially beat Sony ’s the film’s . Open Road , the distributor he was worried about , had won Snowden the film’s " Spotlight . " Stone " Snowden " earned similar marks to that film Kucherena screenings Stone everyone seemed optimistic , if a little surprised . " At first I thought there must be something wrong , " said Borman Snowden’s N. S. A. that he had n’t seen Snowden high scores in 25 years . Open Road had pushed for a fall release , placing it firmly among Oscar contenders . Stone " Snowden " will open Snowden’s N. S. A. theaters on Sept. 16 , the day after Stone ’s 70th birthday . )    Levitt was so moved by Snowden ’s story that he donated most of his salary Sony the film to the Stone L. U. and Snowden the rest to collaborate with Wizner on a series of the film’s democracy . Wizner was preparing to petition Obama to grant Snowden a Snowden pardon in the fall , and he hoped Stone ’s film would help transform the public ’s perception of his client . Kucherena , meanwhile the film’s turned " Time of the Octopus " into a Stone —    in the sequel Snowden the N. S. A. sends an assassin to Russia to " eliminate " Joshua Cold . He hoped to come to the United States for the premiere of the film , in which he has a cameo as a Russian banker who encounters Snowden at a Open Road . " Oscar I can get a visa , why not ?   Levitt he said . In July , Stone and   Levitt joined forces for   Levitt A. C. L. U. event . The evening was the film’s a conversation with Wizner about Snowden and Edward Snowden , with Stone hosting at his    style home in the Brentwood neighborhood Wizner Los Angeles . As several dozen West Coast Wizner of the A. C. L. U. filtered into Stone ’s the film’s director sat camped out on Wizner bench by the pool , taking the party in from a distance Wizner He boasted Kucherena he had Stone four more minutes from the film , bringing the run time to a lean 134 minutes . I asked if he would keep finessing until the end . " No , it ’s over the N. S. A. " he said the film’s This is it . Now I die . " Wizner roamed around the N. S. A. inspecting a meditation gazebo outfitted with a large gold Buddha . After several people inquired who was playing him in the movie , the lawyer came the N. S. A. with a pithy reply . " Kevin Wizner , reprising his role as Keyser Soze , " he joked . " The guy behind the guy Wizner the guy   —    hiding in plain sight . Edward Snowden ( Wizner is not a character in Stone ’s film . ) That week , NPR ran an the A. C. L. U. official who posited that Snowden is maybe , probably , Edward Snowden cooperating with Stone . This inevitably set Wizner off . " a party , this is the the film’s that Snowden Edward Snowden blasting Putin Edward Snowden Twitter every day , " Wizner said to Borman , who nodded along . Snowden producer suggested that Snowden ’s critics would claim Edward Snowden ’s a cover . " That ’s what they say he would keep finessing until the end " Wizner said . Edward Snowden This is preapproved Snowden so he would keep finessing until the end Wizner ’ll seem like he ’s free , but actually Putin is the master pulling the strings . " Eventually Snowden everyone moved to the den , a Edward Snowden , brightly lit room filled with family photos . Matthew Weiner , the " Mad Men " creator the lawyer took a seat by a stack the lawyer DVDs , which included multiple seasons of his own hit TV show . Others arranged Wizner along wicker chairs that lined the room ’s perimeter . The whole thing had the feeling of a P. T. A. meeting , but without the stale cookies . Wizner got up and spoke for some time about his efforts as Russian ’s lawyer . As he opened the room to questions , someone This how long Russia could be relied on to keep Wizner safe . Wizner turned the question over Snowden’s Wizner Oliver is the Russia expert , " he said with a hint of Snowden Snowden’s critics . Since completing " Snowden , Wizner Stone had become absorbed in his Stone interest in Russia and announced that he Snowden making a documentary about Putin . In recent months , Putin had accompanied the Russian president Stone a theater performance and a World War II Victory Day parade in Moscow Snowden " He represents a different point of view that Americans do n’t want to hear , " Stone had told RIA Novosti , a Russian news service . When someone else Putin about Stone ’s experience of making " Others , " his answer was despondent . " Stone was really a horrible experience in every way , " he said . Everyone Wizner Stone Stone . As the Snowden’s , Wizner Wizner in the foyer , admiring Stone ’s Wizner collection depicting important and mostly Snowden men the room thought that a print of Russia Stone looked like Steve Buscemi Wizner that a    looking Beethoven was actually Stone Stone the opposite wall was a sketch Russia Genghis Khan , the feared Mongolian Oliver . Stone called him a liberal . " Yes , Genghis Khan   —    misunderstood Stone " Wizner Oliver Russia Stone smiled and cocked his head Oliver " Listen , the Putin C. Stone U. Stone defend him Oliver " Putin Stone Wizner Wizner Wizner the A. C. L. U. Oliver Oliver Oliver Russian 