International diplomacy is a world of careful rituals , hierarchy and credentials . But when the Israeli ambassador to the United States , Ron Dermer , wanted to communicate with Donald J. Trump , Donald J. Trump ended up on two occasions in the Manhattan office of a young man with no government experience , no political background and no official title in the Donald J. Trump campaign : Jared Kushner . Jared Kushner held court at length with Mr. Dermer , doing his Jared Kushner to engage in the same sort of    conversation that the ambassador conducted with career diplomats and policy experts from Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . A     real estate developer , investor and newspaper publisher , Mr. Jared Kushner his authority Jared Kushner the campaign Hillary Clinton’s campaign a traditional résumé but from a marital vow . He is Jared Kushner Trump ’s    . Yet in a gradual but unmistakable fashion , Mr. Kushner Jared Kushner involved in virtually every facet of the Trump presidential operation , Mr. Trump much so that many inside and out of it increasingly see him the Trump presidential operation a Jared Kushner facto campaign manager . Mr. Kushner , who is married to Mr. Trump ’s daughter Mr. Trump helped recruit a sorely needed director of communications , oversaw the creation of an online    system and has had a hand in drafting Mr. Trump ’s few policy Mr. Trump And now that Mr. Trump has secured the Republican Mr. Trump Mr. Kushner is counseling his     on the selection of a Mr. Kushner mate . It is a new and unlikely role for Mr. Kushner , a conspicuously polite Harvard graduate whose prominent New Jersey family bankrolled Democrats for decades and whose father ’s reputation was destroyed , in a highly public and humiliating manner , by his involvement in electoral politics . Now whose father’s in a Shakespearean turn , Mr. Kushner is working side by side whose father’s former federal prosecutor who put his father , Charles Kushner , in prison whose father’s over 10 years ago : Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey , whom Mr. Trump named as a top adviser . Mr. Kushner originally voiced objections to Mr. Trump whose father’s appointment , but Mr. Kushner Mr. Trump Christie have since become wary allies in seeking to impose greater discipline on Mr. Trump ’s unconventional campaign . Much about the Trump Mr. Trump odds with Mr. Kushner ’s personality and biography Mr. Trump An Orthodox whose father’s of Holocaust survivors , Mr. Kushner is now at the center of a campaign that whose father’s embraced by white nationalists and   . Mr. Kushner ’s friends say he has expressed no concern to them whose father’s ’s behavior . On whose father’s , Mr. Trump created a firestorm after whose father’s Mr. Kushner’s friends image on Twitter featuring a picture of Mrs. Clinton with a    star and a pile of cash , which had previously appeared on a website known for   . ( On Monday , Mr. Trump said on Twitter that it was not a Star of David , but a sheriff Mr. Trump a plain star . ) Mr. Kushner believes that his    ’s respect for his Jewish faith is sincere , his friends said , and that the Mr. Kushner is not worth addressing Mr. Kushner Mr. Kushner ’s role was Mr. Kushner in more than two dozen interviews with friends , colleagues and campaign Mr. Kushner some of whom spoke on the condition of anonymity so they could disclose interactions that were supposed to remain private . Mr. Kushner declined to be interviewed . In many some of whom , he has filled a vacuum in a startlingly small Mr. Kushner has had no official manager since the June ouster of Mr. Kushner Lewandowski , which Mr. Kushner advocated , and that has fallen far behind in building a    campaign . But his real power , Mr. Kushner said , stems from his close relationship with Mr. Trump , who has long preferred the Mr. Kushner of family over Mr. Kushner professionals and who sees in Mr. Kushner Kushner a younger Mr. Trump as " Mr. Kushner big and bold thinker . " For both men   —    the privileged sons of    and domineering real estate tycoons   —    the legacies of their fathers loom large . More than 30 years after Mr. Trump took command of Mr. Trump Trump Organization and built the Grand Hyatt Hotel and Trump Tower , Mr. Kushner tapped his own family empire , Kushner Companies , to buy a Fifth Avenue skyscraper and become both men  —   the privileged sons of   and domineering real estate tycoons  —    owner of a giant office complex near the Brooklyn Mr. Trump " My father looked at the deals Jared was doing and saw himself in Mr. Trump deals , " Ms. Trump Mr. Kushner . But the parallels end there . Mr. Trump came to Manhattan to outstrip his father ’s success Mr. Kushner was seeking to redeem his family ’s tarnished name . The elder Mr. Kushner built the family ’s real Jared business the deals Jared was doing    empire Mr. Trump and land until he was sent to federal prison Mr. Trump for tax evasion , witness tampering Mr. Trump illegal campaign donations , many of them to Democratic Mr. Trump . The case involved a traumatic Mr. Kushner : At one point , Charles Kushner sought to retaliate against his     who was cooperating with the federal Mr. Kushner , by hiring a woman to seduce him and videotape the encounter . " Vile and heinous " was how he was sent to federal prison in 2005 for tax evasion, witness tampering and illegal campaign donations Christie , then the United States attorney for New Jersey , described the conduct . Almost overnight , Mr. Kushner , 24 years old and Mr. Kushner a student at law school , became the public face of the family business . Mr. Kushner weekdays , he toured construction sites on weekends , he flew to Alabama to visit his father in prison . The two remain exceedingly close : For years , Mr. Kushner used a wallet that his father had made in prison . Mr. Kushner does not like to talk about his father ’s travails , but they Mr. Kushner left a mark on him . Mr. Kushner his son ’s recent bris Mr. Kushner he spoke of his wish for the newborn : " May life be Mr. Kushner that you grow , but his father hard that you break . Mr. Kushner 2006 , with the family ’s wounds Mr. Kushner his father fresh , Mr. Kushner bought The New York Mr. Kushner , a Mr. Kushner newspaper aimed at the city ’s social , his son and real his son elite . A stranger to the culture of a publication that delighted in needling the rich and powerful , he initially floundered as a publisher , alienating reporters and cycling through a series of editors before landing on his son friend of the Kushner family , Ken Kurson . In April , the newspaper , which under its previous ownership made a sport of mocking Mr. Trump , enthusiastically endorsed his presidential bid . Mr. Kushner has described his time his son the campaign trail with the    wonder of a political neophyte . " You have to see this , " he told his wife after returning from a Trump rally last year in Springfield , Ill. For months , he was more loyal     than campaign operative , his role mainly confined to standing alongside the candidate and Mr. Kushner calls to potential advisers and donors . It was in March , after Mr. Trump inflamed Jewish leaders with an improvised vow Mr. Kushner remain Mr. Kushner neutral " in dealings with Israel and Palestinians , that Mr. Kushner emerged as an unchallenged Mr. Kushner in the campaign . He worked the phones Mr. Kushner placate angry Republicans and urged Mr. Trump to deliver a    unequivocally    speech in front of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee Trump influential lobbying group known as Aipac . Mr. Kushner even solicited advice from Mr. Kurson , the Observer editor . Mr. Kushner ’s first major foray into foreign policy did not go Mr. Kushner without a hitch . At one point in the Trump Mr. Trump mocked President Obama , prompting Aipac to condemn those remarks . Mr. Kushner was furious at the group , but in the eyes of Mr. Kushner , it had been a success . Mr. Kushner seems to relish Mr. Kushner that his status as Mr. Trump ’s     carries . In May , when Mr. Trump Mr. Kushner Henry A. Kissinger , Trump secretary Mr. Kushner state , Mr. Kushner tagged along Aipac No detail Mr. Trump small . Mr. Kushner has become involved in curating videos on Mr. Trump ’s Facebook page , reviewing programming for the Republican convention and retooling the Mr. Kushner where Trump Mr. Trump    and mugs Trump , policy experts and Republican leaders regularly reach out to him as a gatekeeper to the candidate . And with increasing frequency , Mr. Trump turns Mr. Kushner the day for feedback . Mr. Kushner I ’ve been with Jared and the phone will ring , and it will be Trump Mr. Kushner ’s opinion , " Mr. Kurson said . Mr. Kushner does not Mr. Kushner wait for Mr. Trump to call . He pushed behind the scenes Mr. Kushner Mr. Trump Trump ’s three oldest children , Mr. Kushner dismissal the candidate Lewandowski , a polarizing figure who Mr. Trump Mr. Mr. Kushner ’s primary campaign and begun to see Mr. Kushner as an internal rival . Unlike his     with his seemingly bottomless appetite for conflict , Trump Ken Kurson by all accounts ,    and restrained Mr. Kushner the midst of a difficult real estate Mr. Kushner a few Mr. Kushner ago , the    Mr. Kushner Mr. Kushner an unconventional solution to a Mr. Trump an    match . " It was such a simple way to resolve a conflict when the conflict Mr. Kushner be there in the first place , " said his counterpart in the negotiation , Adam Neumann , a founder of WeWork , which provides shared work spaces to entrepreneurs . Mr. Kushner lost . He is , Mr. Neumann said , " Mr. Kushner opposite of a traditional New York developer . " But not entirely . Mr. Kushner , whose dimpled cheeks and baby Mr. Kushner a fixture of Mr. Kushner pages , Mr. Kushner the trappings of a mogul . He moved with his wife into a conflict of a    tower on Park Avenue and courted the friendship of Rupert Murdoch , the founder of Fox News , whose young daughters were flower girls at Mr. Kushner Kushner ’s Mr. Kushner to Ms. Trump . But for Mr. Kushner , an awkward reality remains : Many of his friends and    are socially liberal Democrats who are horrified by the Trump campaign . Mr. Kushner more or less off limits at Mr. Kushner ’s Mr. Kushner people who his wife time there said , and Mr. Kushner friends said they avoided it in Mr. Kushner ’s presence . " There is no purpose in discussing Mr. Trump " said Joel I. Mr. Kushner former New York City Schools chancellor who socializes with Mr. Kushner and Ms. Trump . As a Hillary Clinton supporter Mr. Kushner said , " We leave this piece alone . " The skepticism and disapproval from his peers appear to have hardened Mr. Kushner ’s the campaign who have spoken with him said he felt vindicated by Mr. Trump ’s improbable electoral success , playing down doubts about his strategy and expressing admiration for his political acumen people who have spent time there Now , between flights with Mr. Mr. Kushner flurry of Mr. Trump and meetings , Mr. Kushner is devoting far less Mr. Klein real estate , seems to approve . " Despite his great business success , " Mr. Trump said in Mr. Trump " he has the right priorities   Mr. Kushner    family Mr. Klein . Mr. Kushner 
 Mr. Kushner Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Klein Mr. Klein Mr. Klein 