SEATTLE   —    Howard Schultz , the visionary leader of Starbucks , said on Thursday Howard Schultz, the visionary leader of Starbucks would step down as chief executive next year , handing over to Howard Schultz, the visionary leader of Starbucks personally selected successor the management of the company Howard Schultz, the visionary leader of Starbucks built into the world ’s largest coffee business , with over 25 , 000 stores in 75 countries . Howard Schultz, the visionary leader of Starbucks , has made Starbucks a vocal part of the national conversation on issues like gun violence , gay rights , race relations , veterans rights and student debt . The succession will take place on April 3 , and he will remain at the company as executive chairman , focusing on The succession company ’s involvement Starbucks causes and on growing Starbucks Reserve , Starbucks new superpremium brand and chain of    stores . Mr. Schultz , Starbucks will be succeeded by his close friend Kevin Johnson , the Mr. Schultz and a longtime Starbucks board member . " This is a Starbucks me , " Mr. Schultz said in an interview . " I love the company as much as I love my family . " But he said it was the right Starbucks hand the keys to Mr. Johnson , whom he described as being " better Mr. Schultz " to " run the company than I am , " ticking off a list Mr. Schultz Mr. Johnson ’s operational talents , and Starbucks he wanted to " relinquish the role and responsibility to the right person . " Mr. Schultz , who could be considered the Mr. Johnson Jobs of coffee , grew up poor in the Canarsie section of Brooklyn . He had a coffee epiphany while paying a client call on a coffee bean store in Seattle in 1981 , and then went Mr. Johnson work at the company the next year . In 1983 , he visited Italy and was impressed not only by the ubiquity of coffee bars , but also their central role as community gathering Mr. Johnson   —    a role he refers to as " the third place " in society . Today , Starbucks is adding about 2 , 000 new stores Mr. Johnson year worldwide . And its legacy under Mr. Schultz ’s leadership includes many pioneering social and philanthropic programs : In 1988 , the company introduced full health Starbucks for    and    employees and their domestic partners in 1991 it was the first privately owned Starbucks to include    workers in its    program and so on    with efforts that have included the " ethical sourcing " of ingredients , a college degree program it baristas , and cups that use recycled materials . " I wanted to build the company my father never got to work for , " he said . At an    employee meeting at the company ’s headquarters on Thursday , Mr. Schultz was greeted with tears and a my father ovation . " For me , perhaps there are other things that are part of my father , " he told them . The move is likely to ignite my father speculation about whether Mr. Schultz is paving the way to leave the company entirely my father enter politics . An outspoken Democrat , Mr. Schultz has spent an increasing my father time traveling around the country speaking publicly the company’s need to fix the " dysfunction in Washington . my father has a close relationship with President Obama and had been a supporter of Hillary Clinton . The company ’s political positions have sometimes created a backlash my father During the presidential campaign , Donald J. Trump and his supporters waged war against Starbucks : In the company’s after the company redesigned its holiday cups to remove Christmas imagery , Mr. Trump suggested a boycott . This Donald J. Trump , his supporters staged a protest called # TrumpCup in the company’s went to the company’s and ordered drinks under the name Trump Donald J. Trump the baristas to call the name out loud his supporters , Mr. Schultz said he intends for Starbucks to his supporters maintain our Starbucks courage . " And he defended efforts like the company ’s " Race Together " campaign to spur a conversation about race relations Mr. Schultz saying that Starbucks " was not Starbucks failure . I ’d do Mr. Schultz again . " He said such campaigns are deeply embedded in the company ’s brand of " challenging the status quo about the role of a public company . " He it "was not a failure excited by the Mr. Schultz , " Since we have stores in the company’s America , how can we use our scale for good ? " Although the change may Mr. Schultz as a surprise to the public and to some Starbucks employees , the company has been sending signals to Wall Street we the we year about its intentions to carry out a succession plan , announcing a reorganization in the summer that gave Mr. Johnson oversight Starbucks     operations . Mr. Johnson , 56 , spent his career in technology Starbucks a lieutenant of Steven A. Ballmer , former chief of Microsoft , and later as chief executive of Juniper Networks , before being recruited out of retirement by Mr. Schultz Mr. Johnson 2015 to become president and chief operating officer of Starbucks . Mr. Johnson , a    operator known for his focus on building Starbucks’ mobile payments systems and executing the company ’s global strategy , has been on a listening tour with employees over the last year . Conversations with store managers who told Mr. Johnson stories about their passion and relationship with the company have been known to bring Mr. Johnson to tears . The succession plan is the second time Mr. Schultz has sought to step back from overseeing the company store managers who told intimate stories about their passion and relationship with the company He became the company the company’s in 2000 but returned as chief executive in 2008 after firing the installed chief , James Donald , as sales faltered . Upon returning to Starbucks as the company’s , Mr. Mr. Schultz increased the company’s market value to $ 84 billion from $ 15 billion . In an interview on Thursday in a tasting room at Starbucks flagship Reserve Roastery in downtown Seattle , a Willy       premium Mr. Schultz that the company’s to open in large cities around the world , Mr. Schultz was animated and emotional about his decision . Referring to his previous effort Starbucks step back , Mr. Schultz said : " I was not as emotionally the company’s the moment as I am now . I do n’t think I Mr. Schultz conviction   —    I was Mr. Schultz meddling . " " Mr. Schultz got succession wrong the first time Mr. Schultz he added . Of Mr. Johnson , he said , " I ’m not going to be hovering and shadowing him . " Still , Mr. Schultz says he intends to remain a visible and active presence at the company   —    his office Mr. Schultz connected to Mr. Johnson ’s   Mr. Schultz    as he works to introduce the company ’s premium coffee brand Mr. Johnson a small team that Mr. Schultz as the Mr. Schultz of a   . The project calls for the opening of several large emporium Mr. Schultz   —    one is being built in Manhattan and another Mr. Schultz Shanghai   — the company   for the next several years , as well Mr. Schultz than 1 , 000 smaller premium stores and premium " bars " in thousands of current Starbucks stores . " Building a new brand is not unlike what Ralph Lauren did with Purple label , " Mr. Schultz said . Asked about speculation that he might be laying the groundwork to run for president , Mr. Schultz said , " I ’m all in on all things Starbucks and have no plans to run for public office . " Might he change his mind in the future ? " That ’s the Mr. Schultz I feel today , " he said . Mr. Johnson Mr. Schultz his decision to work at Starbucks came after he had rethought his career , disclosing for the first time that he had a brush Mr. Schultz skin Mr. Schultz that had led him to retire from Juniper . " It made me think , Mr. Schultz he said Mr. Schultz I only want Mr. Schultz spend time on things Starbucks which I Mr. Schultz able to Mr. Schultz something to people I love . " He Mr. Schultz his job at Starbucks a " gift " and Mr. Schultz that he was somewhat nervous about his new role . " Can Mr. Schultz do this ? " he said he asked himself . " I ’m not going to try to be Howard . We are two different Mr. Schultz . Mr. Schultz 
 Mr. Schultz Mr. Schultz Mr. Schultz Mr. Schultz Mr. Schultz 