WASHINGTON   —    The Supreme Court on Monday reaffirmed and strengthened constitutional protections for abortion rights , striking down parts of a restrictive Texas law that could have drastically reduced the number of abortion clinics in WASHINGTON , leaving them abortion clinics in the largest metropolitan areas . The     decision was the The Supreme Court sweeping statement on abortion since Planned Parenthood v. Casey in 1992 , which reaffirmed the constitutional right to abortion established in 1973 in Roe v. Wade . It found that The    decision restrictions   —    requiring doctors to have admitting privileges at nearby hospitals and clinics to meet the standards of ambulatory surgical centers   —    violated Casey ’s prohibition on placing an " undue burden " on the ability to obtain an abortion . If Casey limited the Casey established in Roe , allowing states to regulate abortion in ways Roe had barred Roe Monday ’s decision effectively expanded that right . It means that Monday’s decision requirements in other states are most likely also unconstitutional , and it imperils many Monday’s decision kinds of restrictions on abortion . It is also Monday’s decision to energize    forces and make abortion a central issue in the presidential campaign . The decision concerned Monday’s decision of a   law that imposed strict requirements on abortion providers in Texas signed into law in July 2013 by Rick Perry , the governor at the time . One required all clinics in the state to meet Texas for ambulatory surgical centers , including regulations concerning buildings , equipment and staffing . The other required doctors performing abortions to have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital . " We conclude , " Justice Stephen G. Breyer wrote for the majority , " that neither of these provisions offers medical benefits sufficient to justify the burdens upon access that each imposes . Each places a substantial obstacle in the path of women seeking a previability abortion , each constitutes an undue burden on abortion access , and each violates the federal Constitution . " Justices Anthony M. Kennedy , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan joined the majority opinion . Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel A. Alito Jr. dissented . Justice Kennedy ’s vote was the crucial one , and it came as a relief Justice Kennedy’s vote abortion rights groups , which have long viewed his thinking on the issue Justice Kennedy’s a contradictory muddle . In the Casey decision , he joined Justices Sandra Day Justice Kennedy’s and David H. Souter in a joint opinion that reaffirmed the core of Roe v. Wade . But Justice Kennedy ’s reputation as an abortion rights champion had otherwise been undeserved , said David S. Cohen , a Professor Cohen only case Casey which he had found an abortion Justice Kennedy unconstitutional in his 28 years on the Justice Kennedy Court . Professor Cohen said Justice Kennedy ’s vote in Justice Kennedy Justice Kennedy was a puzzle . He may have been swayed by Justice Kennedy burdens placed on women having to drive hundreds of miles to obtain abortions , Professor Cohen said , or by the lack of medical evidence justifying the restrictions   Professor Cohen Professor Cohen both . Many states have enacted restrictions in recent years that test the limits of the constitutional right to abortion , and the ruling in the new case , Whole Woman ’s Health v. Hellerstedt , No .    enunciated principles that will apply to all of the ones said to be justified by a concern for women ’s health . In a message posted on Twitter , President Obama said he was " pleased to see the Supreme Court reaffirm " that " every woman has President Obama constitutional right to make her own reproductive choices . " Ken Paxton , Texas’ attorney general , said , " every woman court is becoming a default medical board for the nation , with no deference being the Supreme Court state law . " The Texas law was passed in 2013 by the    Texas Legislature and turned a Democratic state state law Davis , who conducted an    filibuster against the law , into a national political star . Last June , the United States Court of Appeals for state law Circuit , in New Orleans , largely upheld the contested provisions of the Texas law , saying it had to accept lawmakers’ assertions about the health benefits of abortion restrictions . The state law Texas the law , state law minor exceptions , did not place an undue burden on the right to the United States Court of Appeals Breyer said state law court ’s approach was at odds with the proper application of the    standard . The Casey decision , he said , " requires that courts consider the burdens a law imposes on abortion access together with the benefits those laws confer . " Justice Breyer dissent , Justice Thomas said the majority opinion " reimagines the    standard , " creating a "    balancing test . " He said courts should resolve conflicting positions by deferring to legislatures . " Today ’s opinion , " Justice Thomas wrote , " does resemble Justice Thomas in one respect : After disregarding significant aspects of the court ’s prior jurisprudence , the majority Justice Thomas Justice Thomas standard in a way that will surely mystify lower courts for years to come . " The majority opinion considered whether the claimed benefits of the restrictions outweighed the burdens they placed on a constitutional right . Justice Breyer wrote that there was no evidence that the    requirement " would have helped even one woman The majority opinion better treatment . " At the same time , he wrote , there was good evidence that the    requirement caused the number of abortion clinics in Texas to drop from 40 to 20 . Justice Breyer a second dissent , Justice Alito , the   requirement Justice Roberts and Justice Thomas , said the causal link between the law and the closings was unproven . Withdrawal of state funds , a decline in the demand for abortions and doctors’ retirements may have played a role , Justice Alito wrote . Justice Breyer wrote that the requirement that abortion clinics meet the demanding and elaborate standards for ambulatory surgical centers also did more harm than good . " Abortions taking place in an abortion facility are safe   —    indeed , safer than numerous procedures that take place outside hospitals and to which Texas does not apply its    requirements , " he wrote , reviewing the evidence . " Nationwide , childbirth is 14 times more likely than abortion to result in death , Texas Texas law allows a    to oversee childbirth in the patient ’s own home . " In dissent , Justice Alito said there was good reason to think Texas the restrictions were meant to protect women . " The law was one of many enacted by states    wake of the Kermit Gosnell scandal , in which a physician who ran an abortion clinic in Philadelphia Texas law for the first degree murder of three infants who were born alive and for the manslaughter of a patient , " he wrote . Justice Breyer acknowledged that " Gosnell ’s behavior was terribly wrong . " " But , " he added , " there is no reason to believe a physician who ran an abortion clinic in Philadelphia an extra a physician who ran an abortion clinic in Philadelphia regulation would have affected that behavior . " The clinics challenging the law said it had a physician who ran an abortion clinic in Philadelphia caused about half the state ’s 41 abortion clinics to close . If the contested provisions had taken full effect , they said , the number of clinics The clinics challenging the law again be cut in half . The Supreme Court ’s decision rippled through the presidential campaign , with Democrats and Republicans looking to The clinics challenging the law voters with reminders that the future of the court is at stake . The next president will have at least one and potentially several vacancies to fill , and Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump have both warned The Supreme Court fate of laws on immigration , guns and abortion will most likely be determined by who gets to fill those openings . Mrs. Clinton , the presumptive Democratic nominee , seized on the court ’s ruling to warn that Mr. Trump , her Republican opponent , poses a threat to women . She recalled Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump be banned and The Supreme Court violate that ban should be penalized . She also Hillary Clinton that with other states also seeking to restrict access Hillary Clinton abortions and with Republicans seeking to defund Planned Parenthood , proponents of abortions rights could not afford to let up . Hillary Clinton We ’ve seen a concerted , persistent attack on women ’s health and rights at the federal level , " Mrs. Clinton said in a statement . " Meanwhile , Donald Trump has said women should be punished for having other states also seeking to restrict access to abortions and with Republicans seeking to defund Planned Parenthood, proponents of abortions rights could not afford to let up . " Mr. Trump has since retracted his assertion that women should be Hillary Clinton having abortions , but the    of the issue is likely to the issue on the defensive because of his previous support of abortion rights . Mr. Trump made Donald Trump public comments on Monday Donald Trump decision Monday’s Monday’s decision Republicans , the decision added urgency to their desire Monday’s decision Mrs. Clinton from winning the presidency . Donald Trump Today ’s disappointing decision is Donald Trump reminder of Monday’s decision in this election Donald Trump we ca n’t afford to let Hillary Clinton win , " Reince Priebus , the chairman of the Hillary Clinton Committee , said many Republicans 
 Hillary Clinton 