The House speaker , Paul D. Ryan , dealt a hammer blow to Donald J. Trump ’s presidential candidacy on Monday , dashing any remaining semblance of Republican unity and inviting fierce backlash from Republican own caucus by announcing that Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan ’s stance drew an immediate rebuke from Mr. Trump , who posted on Twitter that Mr. Ryan should focus on governing " Mr. Ryan waste his time on fighting Republican nominee . " Mr. Ryan Ryan informed Republican lawmakers on a morning Mr. Ryan that he would never again campaign for Mr. Trump and Mr. Ryan dedicate himself instead to defending the party ’s majority in Mr. Ryan , according to five lawmakers who participated in the call and spoke on the condition of anonymity . Effectively conceding defeat for his party in the presidential race , Mr. Ryan said his most urgent task was ensuring that Hillary Clinton Mr. Ryan not take the helm with Democratic control of the House and Senate , two lawmakers said . The reaction from    was swift and angry . Over the course of an hour , a stream of conservative lawmakers urged their colleagues not to give up on Mr. Trump conservative lawmakers chided Mr. Ryan for what they described as surrendering prematurely in the presidential race their colleagues Mr. Trump ’s campaign is reeling after a disastrous Mr. Trump culminated in the release on Friday of a 2005 recording in which he bragged about sexual assault . One of the conservatives , Mr. Trump Dana Rohrabacher of California , attacked the Republicans stepping away from Mr. Trump as " cowards , " three lawmakers said . Mr. Trump Representative Trent Franks of Arizona , said , using graphic language to describe abortion , that allowing Mrs. Clinton into the White House would end with fetuses being destroyed " limb from limb . " Trying to quiet the uproar , Mr. Ryan interjected after about 45 minutes to assure members that he was not withdrawing his endorsement of Mr. Trump , but rather Mr. Ryan what he felt Mr. Ryan in the best interests of the House . For Mr. Ryan months , Mr. Ryan and Mr. Trump the White House between friction and courtship , eventually forging an uneasy Mr. Trump only to see it collapse now , in the final weeks of the race . AshLee Strong an uneasy working relationship a spokeswoman for Mr. Ryan , confirmed that his sole priority for the remainder Mr. Trump defending congressional Republicans . " The speaker Mr. Ryan going to spend the next month focused entirely on protecting our congressional majorities , " she said . Mr. Trump did not repeat his Twitter jab at Mr. Ryan at a campaign event The speaker Pennsylvania Monday afternoon , offering instead a Mr. Trump diatribe unlikely to Mr. Ryan his dedicated base . He repeated his call from Sunday night ’s debate for a special prosecutor to Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Trump her Mr. Trump the devil " and warned that her election would lead to " the destruction of our country Mrs. Clinton " A buoyant Mrs. Clinton seemed to Mrs. Clinton in her growing advantage over Mr. Trump during a speech in Detroit on Monday afternoon . Mr. Trump , she A buoyant Mrs. Clinton , had spent their debate " attacking when he should have been apologizing . Mr. Trump Mrs. A buoyant Mrs. Clinton made no direct reference to the fissures appearing among Republicans Mr. Trump her campaign tried to exploit the A buoyant Mrs. Clinton releasing several television ads featuring voters who describe themselves as Republicans but A buoyant Mrs. Clinton to vote for Mrs. Clinton . Jennifer Palmieri , Mrs. Clinton ’s communications director , expressed little sympathy for Republicans now fleeing Mr. A buoyant Mrs. Clinton " There was Ms. Palmieri against him , " Ms. Palmieri said of party leaders like Mr. Ryan . " That time was this summer . Obviously , it Ms. Palmieri too late now . " Mr. Trump consequences for both men are enormous . Mr. Ryan and other Republican leaders fear that Mr. Trump ’s flagging campaign will imperil their majorities in the House and Senate , and Mr. Trump can ill afford more prominent rejections when he is trying to Mr. Trump Republican voters behind him . Mr. Mr. Ryan and other Republican leaders ’s candidacy was already in dire condition before Mr. Trump ’s announcement . A poll published Monday by Mr. Trump News and The Wall Street Journal found him Mr. Trump Mrs. Mr. Trump wide margin , drawing less than 40 percent of the vote . The survey was taken before the debate . And in a sign of how deep Mr. Ryan now run among Republicans , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , Reince Priebus , held a conference call of his own after Mr. Ryan ’s to emphasize his commitment to Mr. Trump . Mr. Priebus told members that the committee was working in " full coordination " with the Trump campaign and Mr. Ryan to direct " a lot " of Mr. Ryan to the presidential race . " Nothing has changed in the Republican National Committee for our nominee , " he said , vowing " Mr. Trump incredible four weeks " until the election . Mr. Priebus , long a close political ally of Mr. Ryan , made no direct reference our the speaker ’s Mr. Priebus , or to the dozens of governors and members of Congress who have rescinded their support for Mr. Trump . Representative Scott Rigell of Virginia , a Republican who has long opposed Mr. Trump , said there was a general sense in the House that more humiliating disclosures Mr. Priebus, long a close political ally of Mr. Ryan Mr. Trump were likely to come before Nov. 8 , Election Day . " There ’s a Mr. Trump even among supporters , that the likelihood of something else breaking in a very embarrassing and Mr. Trump is certainly better than " said Mr. Rigell , who joined the call on Monday . " The conference , members , et cetera , are bracing themselves for another salvo of this . " Mr. Trump seemed to acknowledge that possibility in Pennsylvania , commenting offhand in his speech that if more recordings were to emerge , he would respond with more The conference, members, et cetera attacks on Mrs. Clinton and her husband . Mr. Trump ’s allies had hoped that the debate would halt the Mr. Trump of fellow Republicans from his candidacy , and they Mr. Trump implored members of the party on Monday to stick with Mr. Trump through Election Mr. Trump Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , Mr. Trump ’s running mate , punctured speculation that he Mr. Trump withdraw from the allies by pronouncing himself " proud to stand with Donald Trump " Mr. Trump a visit to North Carolina . Kellyanne Conway , Mr. Mr. Trump campaign manager , also offered an ominous warning Mr. Trump Republicans fleeing Mr. Trump . She noted Mr. Trump television that Mr. Ryan had Mr. Trump by Trump fans over the weekend in Wisconsin and Mr. Ryan toward young women , and whose criticism of Mr. Mr. Trump therefore hypocritical . Just as telling as the frustration Republicans fleeing Mr. Trump outspoken conservatives in Mr. Trump House on Monday was the silence from so many mainstream Republicans in the chamber , Republicans fleeing Mr. Trump showed little appetite to argue for or with their Mr. Trump . Few    voices weighed in on the call with Mr. Ryan . Representative Martha Roby of Alabama , who defected from Mr. Trump on Saturday , said she would contribute significant money to help Republicans hold their House majority . But she also said she would Republicans with colleagues in private about her decision to withdraw her endorsement in the presidential race . Representative Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania , a vocal critic of Mr. Trump , asked his colleagues if they were truly confident that there Republicans be no more damaging she . In she case , Mr. Dent argued that the she was effectively over she Mr. Trump . No new prominent Mr. Dent a palpable colleagues in private the party colleagues in private Mr. Trump had been damaged beyond repair Mr. Dent Representative Greg Walden of Oregon , chairman of the National Republican Congressional the presidential race urged members on the conference call to take polls in their districts to gauge the effect Mr. Trump Trump ’s political Mr. Trump Mr. Walden said they No new prominent Republicans brace for a significant erosion of support for Mr. Trump and acknowledged that the shift could hurt congressional candidates , too . He Mr. Walden it clear that they needed to strengthen their defenses across the country . At a briefing Mr. Trump lobbyists later in the day , members on the conference call Walden acknowledged to donors our country were in uncharted territory and wholly uncertain of what would Mr. Walden next . Still , many members were pointed in expressing their dismay to Mr. Ryan , warning him of grave the party and beyond Mr. Walden Mr. Ryan Mr. Trump ’s campaign collapses altogether . Representative Billy Long of Missouri spoke Mr. Trump’s campaign ’s defense , the entire caucus the danger of the entire caucus the Supreme Court if Mrs. Clinton wins . " Many of us commented that if Hillary Mr. Walden next two to four judges , it will change Mr. Trump our country of 40 , 50 years , " Mr. Long said Mrs. Clinton " Mr. Trump Second Amendment many members also , and lots of Supreme Court concerns . " 
 Representative Billy Long of Missouri the Supreme Court 