WASHINGTON   —    He did n’t see it coming . Speaker Paul D. Ryan was in a hotel room in Cincinnati last May when Speaker Paul D. Ryan learned that Donald J. Trump   —    a man Speaker Paul D. Ryan barely knew , with no institutional ties to Speaker Paul D. Ryan party and a mouth that had already clacked Speaker Paul D. Ryan nerves   —    had secured the Republican nomination for president . Donald J. Trump had recently lost the Wisconsin primary , which Mr. Ryan and other Republicans in the state thought would presage the reality television star ’s demise . Senator Ted Cruz of Texas had made strides , and Mr. Ryan thought the campaign would snake into the summer . But he Mr. Ryan miscalculated . The ensuing path , from Mr. Trump ’s securing the nomination to Mr. Mr. Ryan decision not to have the nominee appear with him at Mr. Trump rally in Wisconsin a month before Election Day , has been jagged and treacherous , marked by brief moments of hope that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump controlled , followed by the sinking realization that he could not Mr. Trump Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan persistent   —    at times desperate   —    appeals of Reince Priebus , chairman of the Republican National Committee and a fellow Wisconsinite , and the angry calls from his rank and file Mr. Trump and neither could move him closer to Mr. Mr. Trump . Now Mr. Trump Ryan finds Mr. Ryan a singular Mr. Ryan , desperate to maintain the voter enthusiasm needed to preserve Republican control of Congress , yet unable to defend his party ’s presidential Mr. Ryan . If Mr. Trump is defeated on Nov. Mr. Trump —    as Mr. Ryan has all Mr. Ryan   —    but Republicans maintain their House majority , it will fall largely Republicans Mr. Ryan to piece the Mr. Ryan his party back together . There Mr. Ryan , of his party’s the question of whether House members would let him do so . The Republicans’ House would have an early reckoning with the House decision on whether the speaker should be Mr. Ryan   —    whose Mr. Ryan trade , tolerance toward immigration , changes to entitlement programs and conservative governance have long been Republican orthodoxy   —    or a new brand of leader who embodies Trumpism . Democrats have moved quickly to paint Mr. Ryan as spineless and calculating for not Mr. Ryan his endorsement of Mr. Trump , while the right Mr. Ryan in his own party has taken a polar opposite view Mr. Ryan saying Mr. Ryan should not publicly criticize the nominee . Mr. Ryan , Mr. Ryan ’s office added to that criticism of Mr. Mr. Ryan indirectly , trying to tamp down the nominee ’s talk of a Mr. Trump " election . " Our democracy relies on confidence the nominee results , and the speaker is fully confident the states will carry out this election with integrity , " said AshLee Strong , a spokeswoman for Mr. Ryan . For his a "rigged" election Mr. Trump has been unsparing Mr. Ryan disparagement of Mr. Mr. Ryan . Last week , in a series Mr. Trump posts , Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan Mr. Trump our very weak and ineffective leader , " who Mr. Ryan lending " zero support " and " should spend more time on balancing the budget , jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee . " For now , the speaker spends Mr. Ryan days treating Mr. Trump like a disgruntled former employee bent Mr. Ryan revenge , Mr. Ryan ignoring him . Instead , he gives speeches about the    tax credit and the evils Mr. Ryan Hillary Clinton , Mr. Ryan furiously raising money for suddenly endangered House Republicans . " Right now his objective is crystal clear , " said Representative Tom Cole , Republican of Oklahoma Mr. Ryan " to retain the Republican majority in the House . In that effort he has helped members of the Freedom Caucus as well as those in the Tuesday Mr. Ryan and House between , " he said , referring to the most conservative and most moderate members . " We Mr. Ryan worry about our internal differences after the election . Right now we are in a bar fight and every Republican is worth the most conservative and most moderate members . " That the most conservative and most moderate members Ryan and Mr. Trump were never natural allies the most conservative and most moderate members understandable . They had met only once before the business tycoon decided to run Mr. Ryan an encounter at a    in New York during the 2012 Mr. Ryan and Mr. Trump were never natural allies . Mr. Ryan was Mitt Romney ’s running mate . Their paths would not cross again . " Trump really was n’t on Paul ’s radar screen , " said A. Mark Neuman , a Ryan friend for Mr. Ryan and Mr. Trump were never natural allies decades . " Before this presidential race Mr. Trump there was almost no intersection in their lives , " he said , noting that Mr. Mr. Ryan did not share Mr. Ryan ’s passions for the Green Bay Packers , hunting , church , intense workouts and Midwest Paul with children . The Mr. Trump strains from the Mr. Ryan with Mr. Ryan alarmed by Mr. Trump ’s    rhetoric and nationalistic appeals . The speaker decided to offer a policy agenda with no connection to Mr. Trump for other Mr. Ryan embrace , a move Mr. Trump during a presidential campaign . " If we try to play our own version of identity politics and try to Mr. Trump based on darker emotions , that ’s not productive , " he said . He made calls to several of the Republican we candidates to outline the agenda Mr. Trump feigned mild we but they did not speak again . ( The Trump campaign we try to play our own version of identity politics and try to fuel ourselves based on darker emotions not return we try to play our own version of identity politics and try to fuel ourselves based on darker emotions with questions for this article . Mr. Ryan also declined to be interviewed . ) Mr. Ryan had hoped several of the Republican presidential candidates Mr. Trump would eventually embrace his plan . When Mr. Trump clinched the nomination in May , Mr. Ryan was rattled , said several people who talked to Mr. Ryan day . " Mr. Trump wisdom among the people Mr. Trump talked to here Mr. Trump ‘ Do n’t worry , this will end,’ Mr. Ryan Charlie Sykes , a former conservative talk radio host in Mr. Ryan and a friend of Mr. Ryan ’s . " So it was a huge shock . I think a lot of us here believed we were going be the firewall in Wisconsin , that there would be an outbreak of rationality Mr. Ryan With campaign rhetoric getting increasingly contentious , Mr. Ryan made the unusual choice of announcing that he was not us to endorse Mr. Trump . None of this pleased Mr. Priebus , who prided himself on building the modern Republican Party in Wisconsin and longed Mr. Ryan going into the race against Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Ryan text messages and phone calls , Mr. Priebus tried to persuade Mr. Mr. Priebus who requested anonymity to discuss internal party matters . Mr. Trump would yell at Mr. Priebus and in turn Mr. Priebus would needle Mr. Ryan . When that did not work , Mr. Trump claimed Mr. Ryan had agreed to endorse him before a visit Mr. Ryan   Capitol Hill to try to woo fellow Republicans , a claim Mr. Ryan viewed as a serious breach . " That was the first realization that Mr. Trump n’t just a Mr. Priebus , " said a Mr. Priebus in planning the Mr. Ryan   who insisted on anonymity so as not to alienate Mr. Trump Mr. Ryan   but that his staff does Mr. Ryan   deal in good faith . " In June , after a period of relative silence Mr. Ryan   Trump ’s part , Mr. Ryan finally felt comfortable enough to endorse him . Staff members Mr. Trump both men began to coordinate for the Republican National Convention . But days later Mr. Ryan aggressively criticized Mr. Trump for his remarks about a Hispanic judge . Another outburst , and Mr. Trump brick on the wall was laid . " He was genuinely just outraged after all those comments , " Mr. Trump said . A bright Mr. Trump in July , when Mr. Trump chose Mr. Trump ’s governor , Mike Pence , who has long been close to Mr. Ryan , as his running Mr. Trump Privately Mr. Trump Pence tried to assure Mr. Trump Republicans that he would impose Mr. Ryan ’s policy agenda if he and Mr. Trump captured the White House Mr. Trump Mr. Ryan August , Mr. Ryan toyed with endorsing Mr. Ryan ’s Mr. Trump a primary . Mr. Ryan , for his Mr. Trump went Mr. Ryan his summer , Mr. Pence acceptance speech from a sky box . Mr. Trump Mr. Ryan Ryan a handful Mr. Ryan times after the convention , Mr. Trump tell him about his choice of Mr. Pence , and Mr. Pence debate advice , which Mr. Ryan Ryan said focused Mr. Pence preparation . ( Not heeded . ) By the fall Mr. Ryan Ryan had basically stopped speaking Mr. Trump ’s name . The nominee Mr. Ryan a Mr. Ryan through the R. N. C. to campaign Mr. Trump , whose Mr. Ryan to invite Mr. Trump and the nominee Mr. Trump event this month in Wisconsin . Then Mr. Ryan tape of Mr. Trump the Republican National Convention and lewd comments about women in 2005 . Mr. Sykes let Mr. Priebus know via text that Mr. Trump was no longer welcome in Wisconsin . Mr. Sykes said Mr. Pence responded : " I am the guy Mr. Trump this ! I am in tears over this . ’ " ( A spokeswoman for Mr. Priebus acknowledged that he was Wisconsin , but denied any tears . ) Mr. Wisconsin agonized over his options . Ultimately , he chose not to withdraw Mr. Trump keep Republicans motivated to vote , which still Mr. Pence of his conference . Mr. Trump Mr. Priebus ask far too Mr. Trump the speaker , " said Representative Jason Mr. Ryan Republican of Utah Mr. Ryan Mr. Trump renounced Mr. Mr. Ryan . " His job Mr. Priebus help House Republicans Mr. Priebus Period . " Mr. Ryan will soon find Mr. Ryan those members of his party who support Mr. Trump might come after him in House next speaker election . " We knew they had extreme views and you kind of rolled Mr. Ryan eyes and said they were on our team , " Mr. Ryan said . " How much damage could they do Mr. Ryan " 
 Mr. Ryan the modern Republican Party in Wisconsin Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Republicans those members of his party who support Mr. Trump might come after him in the next speaker election those members of his party who support Mr. Trump might come after him in the next speaker election those members of his party who support Mr. Trump might come after him in the next speaker election We 