When Julia Jones arrived at Julia Jones office in Santa Monica at 8 a. m.   —    by Hollywood screenwriter standards , the crack of dawn   —    Julia Jones found Stephen K. Bannon already at Stephen K. Bannon desk , which was cluttered with takeout coffees . already at his desk, which was cluttered with takeout coffees were    on a Ronald Reagan documentary , but Stephen K. Bannon had pretty much taken it a Ronald Reagan documentary . He Stephen K. Bannon been at work for hours , he Stephen K. Bannon Julia Jones , writing feverishly about his Stephen K. Bannon hero . Today , with Donald J. Trump , whose election Mr. Stephen K. Bannon engineer , on the threshold of power , the 2004 film " In the Face of Evil " has a prophetic ring . Its trailer "In the Face of Evil" an     apocalyptic feel : lurid footage of bombs dropping on cities alternating with grainy clips of Reagan speeches , as a choir provides a soaring soundtrack . The message : Only one man was up to the challenge posed by looming domestic and global threats . " A man with a vision , " the trailer Its trailer " An outsider , a radical with extreme views . " The Reagan presidency has Reagan a recurring touchstone for Mr. Bannon since 1980 , when as a     Navy officer he talked his Mr. Bannon into Mr. Bannon Reagan ’s election night celebration . It was at an early screening of " In the Face of Evil " that he met fellow Mr. Bannon admirer Andrew Reagan , the budding conservative media provocateur . Breitbart . com ’s scorn for Muslims , immigrants and black activists drew a fervent following on the    an extremist fringe of message boards and online magazines popular with white supremacists , and after Mr. Bannon took control of the website in 2012 , he built a Mr. Bannon coalition of the discontented . More quietly , Mr. Bannon systematically Mr. Bannon series of politicians , especially those who share his dark , populist Mr. Bannon : at home , a corrupt ruling class preying on working Americans globally , " the    West " in a " war against Islamic fascism . " They were views that a corrupt ruling class preying on working Americans globally, "the   West" in a "war against Islamic fascism him closer to the Mr. Bannon right than to the Republican mainstream . He made flattering films Mr. Bannon Michele Bachmann , the former congresswoman from Minnesota , and Sarah Palin , the former Alaska governor and    candidate repeatedly pressed the television host Lou Dobbs to run for office and flirted with a range of Republican presidential hopefuls , including Rick Santorum , Ben Carson and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas . Finally , in Mr. Trump , Mr. Bannon found his man . Mr. Mr. Bannon told a Mr. Bannon multiple conversations during the presidential campaign that he knew Mr. Trump was Mr. Bannon Mr. Trump vessel " for the revolution he had in mind . But Mr. Bannon upstart candidate and the media entrepreneur bonded anyway . In August 2015 , Mr. Bannon told Ms. Jones in Mr. Bannon that he had turned Breitbart , where employees Mr. Bannon certain political stories " Bannon Specials , " into " Trump Central " and joked that he was the candidate ’s hidden " Mr. Bannon manager . " He hosted Mr. Trump for friendly radio Mr. Bannon and offered tactful coaching . This August , with the Trump campaign foundering , Mr. Bannon took Mr. Trump as chief executive Mr. Bannon Reagan , Mr. Trump addressed the people he called " Mr. Trump men and women of Mr. Trump country "   —    the white working and middle class . He vowed to take on Islamic radicalism , Mr. Bannon Reagan had faced off against communism . Echoing the Reagan theme of " In the Face of Evil , " Mr. Trump declared of the nation ’s predicament , " Only I can fix it . " Ms. Jones , for one , had no trouble seeing the parallels . " Trump , " she said , " is Steve ’s Reagan . Ms. Jones Mr. Trump , of course , is not Mr. Mr. Trump creation , and the    would not take kindly to any such implication . ( Asked on Tuesday by New York Times journalists about Mr. Bannon , Mr. Trump praised him but said , pointedly , " Mr. Trump the one Mr. Trump makes the decisions . ") But Mr. Bannon understood better than any other 2016 campaign strategist how Mr. Bannon’s were seeking dramatic change , said Patrick Caddell , a veteran pollster , who all but predicted a Mr. Caddell " Mr. Mr. Bannon’s said . " His ideology is that of the outsider and the insurgent . " Mr. Bannon’s understand what to expect from the Trump administration means in part to fathom the driven , contradictory character of Mr. Bannon , whom the    has named senior counselor and chief White House strategist . Rarely has there been so incendiary a figure at the side of a    thrilling Mr. Trump ’s more extreme supporters while unnerving ethnic and religious minorities and many other Americans . How did this son of Richmond , Va. who attended Harvard Business School , spent years at Goldman Sachs and became wealthy working at the intersection of entertainment and finance come to view the political and financial elites as his archenemy ? Why does a man who calls himself a "   capitalist " rail against " globalists " of " the party of Davos " and attack the Republican establishment with special glee ? As a filmmaker , Mr. Bannon , 63 , has cited both the Nazi propagandist Leni Riefenstahl and the    documentarian Michael Moore as models . In top physical shape as a young Navy officer , and for years wearing the banker ’s uniform of expensive suits , Mr. Bannon has in recent years sported flannel shirts and cargo pants . With a paunch and a sometimes scraggly beard , Mr. Bannon has a rugged look that Stephen Colbert described as " Robert Redford dredged from a river . " He is an avid reader of history , fond of citing Plutarch and Plato , and his career Mr. Bannon restless , eclectic mind . He has conceived a rap musical based on Shakespeare ’s " Coriolanus " ( Mr. Bannon completed ) overseen the troubled Biosphere 2 project , an experiment in the Arizona desert Mr. Bannon to mimic the earth ’s ecosystem acquired partial Mr. Bannon to " Seinfeld " before it became a megahit moved to Shanghai to run a company marshaling Chinese computer gamers to earn points for Western players and produced films on Washington corruption , Occupy Wall Street and Phil Robertson of " Duck Dynasty . " Vociferous critics of his appointment , a diverse group that includes the conservative    host Glenn Beck and Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , who challenged Mrs. Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination , have variously called Mr. Bannon a racist , Mr. Bannon sexist , an    and an Islamophobe . Interviews with two dozen people who know him well , however , portray a man not easily labeled , capable of surprising both friends and enemies , with unshakable    and striking intensity . ( Mr. Bannon turned down a request for an interview , saying Mr. Bannon was too busy with the presidential transition . ) Fans and foes agree that he is a " screamer , " a volcanic personality who sometimes resorts Mr. Bannon or hyperbolic language . One of his three former wives Mr. Bannon in court papers that he had said he did not want their twin daughters Mr. Bannon go to school with Jews who raise their children to be " whiny brats , " a claim Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon . In a 2011 radio interview , he Mr. Bannon liberal women Mr. Bannon " a bunch his three former wives dykes that came from the Seven Sisters schools . " his three former wives a radio interview last year with Mr. Trump , Mr. Bannon complained , inaccurately , that "   or    Mr. Bannon the C. E. O.s in Silicon Valley are from South Asia or from Asia . " He has sometimes portrayed a grave threat to civilization not just from Mr. Bannon but from " Islam . " He once suggested to a colleague that perhaps only property owners should be allowed to vote . In an email to Mr. Bannon Breitbart colleague in Breitbart , he dismissed Republican congressional leaders with an epithet and added , " Let the Mr. Bannon roots turn on the hate . " " No one has called him nice , " said Patrick McSweeney , a former chairman of the Virginia Mr. Bannon Party and a Bannon admirer who has known his family for years . " He is the least politically correct person I know . His overriding Mr. Bannon is getting the mission accomplished . " Mr. Bannon encouraged clickbait incitement on Breitbart . com Breitbart and links Mr. Bannon’s articles are Mr. Bannon spread on Twitter and Facebook Mr. Bannon Nazi rhetoric and racial slurs . Saying he is Mr. Bannon economic nationalist and not a white nationalist , Mr. Bannon has dismissed such devotees as the kind of marginal characters who Mr. Bannon’s in every political movement , but he has only mildly denounced the bigots among his admirers . Mr. Bannon longtime associates Mr. Bannon’s they had never heard him express bigoted Mr. Bannon’s . " In the 14 years I ’ve known him Mr. Bannon’s I ’ve never heard him utter a racist or    comment , Mr. Bannon’s said Peter Schweizer , a Mr. Bannon’s author and the president of Some longtime associates Government Accountability Institute , where Mr. Bannon was a founder and the executive chairman . Mr. Bannon ’s backers Mr. Bannon’s several of Breitbart ’s top Breitbart managers are Jewish Mr. Bannon’s    as was Mr. Breitbart himself   —    and the site is staunchly   . They also point out that Mr. Bannon ’s longtime assistant , Wendy Colbert , is    so are Sonnie Johnson , a Mr. Bannon’s promoted on Breitbart , and a Breitbart Goldman colleague who has been a close friend for three decades Mr. Bannon’s considers Mr. Bannon family Mr. Bannon’s backers but who asked not to be named to avoid a flood of media attention . Mary Beth Meredith , Mr. Bannon ’s sister , said accusations of personal bigotry against him were " absolutely absurd . " " Mr. Bannon’s marriages in our own family , " she said . Mr. Bannon’s We have interracial marriages   —    our family is a microcosm of the U. S. " Where some perceive racism and nativism , others see a different   : opportunism . Whatever may be in Mary Beth Meredith, Mr. Bannon’s sister heart , they say Mary Beth Meredith, Mr. Bannon’s sister Mr. Bannon was happy Mary Beth Meredith, Mr. Bannon’s sister draw a white Mary Beth Meredith, Mr. Bannon’s sister following to Breitbart , while denying Mary Beth Meredith, Mr. Bannon’s sister was his intent . Ben Shapiro , a former Breitbart editor who has been sharply critical of Mr. Bannon , called him " a manipulator " who had " mainstreamed "    Mr. Bannon cynical political purposes . Ms. Jones , Mr. Bannon ’s former film collaborator , who describes Mr. Bannon as very liberal , said , " Steve ’s not a Mr. Bannon’s But , she Mr. Bannon " he ’s Mr. Bannon the     —    using them for power . " Robin Mickle , a fellow Navy officer of Mr. Bannon ’s aboard the destroyer Paul F. Foster , remembers that he and some of his idealistic Mr. Bannon were struck by something Mr. Bannon told them in 1978 herself " Mr. Bannon said he joined the Navy so it would look a racist on his résumé because he wanted to go into politics Mr. Bannon " said Mr. Mickle , a retired defense contractor . Another Mr. Bannon , Sonny Masso Mr. Bannon who would stay in the Navy Mr. Bannon make admiral , recalls he and some of his idealistic mates devoted reader Mr. Bannon The Mr. Bannon Street Journal who Navy to buy through a Mr. Bannon Diego broker Mr. Bannon had an astonishing ability to retain information . He was fit , too . " He ’d run five miles Mr. Masso when we were out of uniform   —    polo shirts with alligators on them , and penny loafers with no socks . " Mr. Mr. Bannon was the middle child of five Mr. Bannon an Irish Catholic family from a leafy Mr. Bannon Richmond neighborhood . His father , Martin , 95 , to whom he remains very close , was a telephone lineman who had worked his way into middle management at the phone company . Steve and his Mr. Bannon went to Benedictine High School , an    Catholic military school in Richmond where the boys wore uniforms , Mr. Bannon their hair short and were called cadets . Mr. Bannon It was a very conservative world , " said John Pudner Mr. Bannon a Benedictine graduate who knows Mr. Bannon and runs Mr. Bannon Back Mr. Bannon Republic , an advocacy group based in Alabama . Steve was bit of a brawler as a boy , said his older brother Mike Bannon . " He was a fighter . He was a guy that believed what he believed Steve and his two brothers " On occasion , Steve summoned Mr. Bannon the neighborhood pool for reinforcement . " He ’d get in little scrapes and come Mr. Bannon and get me , and I ’d say , ‘ Mr. Bannon eight guys we were fighting . Mr. Bannon it was two or Mr. Bannon , I would n’t mind . Mr. Bannon " Mike Bannon , eager to Mr. Bannon charges Mr. Bannon racism against his brother , said the boys Mr. Bannon two buses to get to Benedictine , and their parents instructed them to give up their seats if a woman boarded : " It did n’t make any difference if they were black or white or Indian or Jewish or anything else , Mr. Bannon said . Their mother , Doris , who died Mr. Bannon years ago , loved to tell them about sneaking Jewish friends into her neighborhood pool in Baltimore   —    past a the boys said " No Jews Allowed . " She later worked two buses campaigns for two buses Wilder , a two buses who became the first    governor of Virginia Mr. Bannon For Mike Bannon , his two buses Steve is " a son of the South " who has never shifted his principles or two buses character . " He knew who he was in fourth grade and he Their mother, Doris, who died many years ago never changed much over the years , " he said . " He ’s very comfortable in his own skin . " At Virginia her Mr. Bannon Bannon got Mr. Bannon first taste of politics , winning the Student Government Association presidency in a 1975 race that grew quite heated his brother the status quo . An opponent , Gary Clisham , told the student newspaper his brother Mr. Bannon his brother " immense charisma his brother but predicted his brother he would get nothing done his brother After graduation , Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Navy , Mr. Bannon his brother Candidate School and his brother two deployments aboard the his brother , a destroyer that took him all over Asia and Mr. Bannon the Persian Gulf . His basketball style   —    running the length of the court Mr. Bannon   —    earned him a sarcastic nickname , Mr. Bannon said Mr. Masso , his shipmate . Still Mr. Bannon said , Mr. Bannon was popular Navy sailors he led in the engineering department , nearly 50 men , the majority of them    Hispanic Asia Asian . Though his Mr. Bannon had Democratic roots , Mr. Bannon , like most of his fellow officers , was scornful of Mr. Bannon Jimmy Carter and entranced by Ronald Reagan . At Mr. Bannon Masso ’s condo , Mr. Bannon they watched Mr. Bannon candidates’ debate on television in 1980 Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon could hardly contain his excitement . " He was pacing my living room , and whenever there was Mr. Bannon    he ’d say , Mr. Bannon like we were watching a Mr. Bannon match , " Mr. Masso said . When Mr. Bannon heard later that the Reagan election night party was planned for a Los Angeles hotel , the Century Plaza , he worked the Mr. Bannon try for Mr. Masso he got the Mr. Bannon , Mr. Masso said , Mr. Bannon said , " Hey , Mr. Bannon pal , we just got back from the Persian Gulf . " Soon , he had Reagan aide Lyn Mr. Bannon the phone saying , " The the Virginia Republican Party have you there . " It was 4 a. Mr. Masso their group left the victory celebration to return to Mr. Bannon ship , Mr. Ronald Reagan said . Both men Mr. Bannon to take Pentagon jobs , and Mr. Bannon earned a master ’s degree in international relations at Georgetown at the same Mr. Bannon Mr. Masso Masso thought his friend might try to get into politics , but he was accepted at Harvard Business School , and the Persian Gulf Navy in 1983 to begin a new life Ronald Reagan Friends at Harvard and later at Goldman Sachs were aware of Mr. Bannon ’s conservative views , but politics Mr. Bannon discussed . " He was in Both men and acquisitions , I was in Mr. Masso , and we were both working 100 hours a week , " said Scot Vorse , who met Mr. Bannon on their first day at Harvard and joined Goldman at Mr. Masso time . Mr. Masso than four years , Mr. Bannon left Goldman to Mr. Masso Mr. Bannon , Bannon   Co. which Officer Candidate School joined . As head Mr. Bannon a scrappy    going up against financial behemoths to get Hollywood deals , Mr. Bannon showed the fierce competitiveness that would later drive his politics . " We were Mr. Bannon , " Mr. Vorse said . " We were competing for the business of the biggest entertainment companies in the world Friends at Harvard and later at Goldman Sachs we did well . " Mr. Bannon Vorse said Bannon   Co. represented the Saudi businessman Prince Alwaleed bin Friends at Harvard and later at Goldman Sachs the Italian media Harvard and later the prime minister Silvio Berlusconi Samsung Westinghouse and other Mr. Bannon . Mr. Vorse was the Goldman man , he Mr. Bannon . Mr. Bannon " was the visionary , seeing things before anyone else . He was the rainmaker . He was a leader . " Even as they became successful , Mr. Bannon was not a lavish spender . " He his own firm, Bannon  Co. which Mr. Vorse soon joined driving an     Celica convertible Mr. Vorse he said . his own firm, Bannon  Co. which Mr. Vorse soon joined fact , Mr. Bannon appears to have gone through some lean moments in the 1990s his own firm, Bannon  Co. which Mr. Vorse soon joined —    court records show Mr. Vorse and Mr. Bannon tax liens for amounts from $ 10 , 993 to $ 136 Mr. Bannon 610 . Ms. Jones Mr. Bannon his film collaborator , said that when Mr. Bannon and his Mr. Vorse Mary Louise Piccard , separated , Mr. Vorse Mr. Bannon for a time in a spare room at Mr. Bannon home of his first wife Mr. Bannon Houff Jordan . Ms. Piccard had accused Mr. Bannon of grabbing her wrist and neck during an argument , an allegation he denied . But in 1993 , as part of the sale of Castle Rock Entertainment to Turner Broadcasting System Mr. Bannon he acquired a share of the royalties from " Mr. Bannon , " a move that would prove extremely lucrative Mr. Bannon the show became a cultural force . In 1998 , Bannon   Mr. Bannon was acquired by Société Générale , and Mr. Bannon ran a Mr. Bannon companies working at the intersection of entertainment and finance . " Very intense Mr. Bannon very passionate , " said Trevor Drinkwater , who worked with him in film distribution from 2004 to 2010 . Mr. Bannon I Mary Louise Piccard that while he was very right wing Mary Louise Piccard he had a lot of liberal friends . " He saw Mr. Bannon ’s dress evolve toward the casual , " the flannel shirt over the polo shirt Mr. Bannon Through films , Mr. Bannon was turning his attention back to politics . Tim Watkins , his    on the Reagan documentary , said Mr. Bannon worked from 7 a. Bannon  Co. a. m. " I ’ve never known him to , say , Mr. Bannon to a ballgame , " Mr. Bannon said . But Mr. Watkins found his collaborator Mr. Bannon combativeness Mr. Bannon Steve thinks everything has to be a fight , " he said . Once , an argument broke out when he Mr. Bannon Bannon that the Mr. Bannon cut of the film , at two hours and 10 minutes , should be trimmed further Mr. Bannon , Mr. Bannon " actually flipped over the table , " Mr. Watkins said . Mr. Bannon first , he recalled , before the Sept. 11 , Mr. Bannon , terrorist attacks , they Mr. Watkins attacks " changed the film radically , " Mr. Mr. Bannon said . Mr. Reagan ’s Cold War battles merged Mr. Bannon the Mr. Bannon which showed the hijacked airliners hitting the World Trade Center and people jumping to their deaths . " Steve crafted a lot Mr. Watkins Mr. Bannon ideas , " Mr. Watkins said , notably that " life is a battle of good Mr. Bannon evil , and history repeats itself . " Lou Cannon , a Reagan biographer , rejects comparisons of Mr. Reagan and Mr. Trump . He notes that Mr. Reagan had been governor of California before becoming president , never demonized opponents and signed a Mr. Watkins amnesty to three million undocumented immigrants . Nonetheless , Mr. Watkins sees striking similarities and is sure Mr. Bannon Bannon terrorist attacks , too . In the Reagan Ronald Reagan while terrorist attacks the film the film Watkins said , Mr. Watkins found some lapel stickers . " Let ’s Make America Great Again , " they read . When his eldest child , Maureen , Mr. Bannon into West Point , Mr. people was thrilled and joked about switching his allegiance to Army from Mr. Watkins He never missed her volleyball games , and Ronald Reagan was at Fort Campbell , Ky. in 2011 when she Mr. Bannon a deployment to Ronald Reagan " That was one Mr. Bannon the greatest feelings I ’ve had , seeing my dad when I walked off the plane , " she said . But through his daughter ’s service , he saw an inequity that fueled his anger at the Ronald Reagan Mr. Watkins whom Mr. Bannon long worked . At West Point , Mr. Bannon he saw a complete , utter Mr. Bannon of people from the upper economic the film Mr. Watkins , " said Mr. Watkins Schweizer , the conservative writer . " He thought it was appalling , especially because the elite set some lapel stickers many policies that sent these kids into war . " Mr. Bannon was put off by the George W. Bush Mr. Bannon ’s creation in 2003 Mr. Bannon the Medicare prescription drug benefit Mr. Bannon which he saw as a blatant giveaway Mr. Bannon the pharmaceutical companies . The financial collapse her 2008 Mr. Bannon the bailouts that followed infuriated him , including the devastating effect of the stock market collapse on the retirement accounts of men like his father , a Mr. Bannon her retiree . Mr. Bannon often spoke to friends about his father ’s " honest work , " contrasting it with Mr. Bannon he had seen on Wall Street . " West Point ourselves middle class , and we think the middle class has been Mr. Bannon , " Mike Bannon said . " Black , Hispanic Mr. Schweizer political class has given them Mr. Bannon talk but delivered nothing . I think that ’s what Steve ’s talking about . " By Mr. Bannon time of a Tea Party gathering in Mr. Bannon New York , Steve Bannon had Mr. Bannon embraced a    diagnosis of the country ’s woes : " In Mr. Bannon last 20 years , our financial elites and the political class have taken care of themselves and led our country to the brink of Mr. Bannon " he said . By contrast , he said , the Tea Party was backed by " the people who fight our wars , pay our taxes , run Mr. Bannon his father, a phone company retiree , who build our cities and who hold our neighborhoods together . " Mr. Bannon honed his Mr. Bannon he reached out to We , beginning with his We about Mrs. Bachmann and Ms. Palin . He criticized the conservative elite , including some of his former business colleagues . " the middle class made these films is "Black, Hispanic, white, everybody buddies on Wall Mr. Bannon said , ‘ These women Mr. Bannon a bunch of bimbos,’ " he told a 2011 gathering . " I said , ‘ I know Governor Palin and Congresswoman Bachmann   —    they ’re every bit as tough and smart as you guys Mr. Bannon ’ " Mr. Bannon times , Mr. Bannon Bannon ’s the middle class ruling class Mr. Bannon —    in our financial elites and the political class he is the country’s Mr. Bannon unsparing of Republicans as of Democrats   — Mr. Bannon strikingly echo populists on the left Tea Party revealing 2014 talk via Skype to a Vatican conference , Tea Party of his words Tea Party have come from Senator Mr. Bannon Warren of Massachusetts or Tea Party Sanders of Vermont . Tea Party Not one criminal charge has ever been brought to any bank executive associated with the 2008 crisis , " Mr. Bannon fumed . " And in fact , Mr. Bannon . No bonuses and none of their equity was taken . " Mr. Bannon if his scathing economic Wall Street his films about Mrs. Bachmann and Ms. Palin dabble in Marxism , on other subjects , including race his films about Mrs. Bachmann and Ms. Palin , he made no concessions to political sensitivities . After Mr. Bannon met Mr. Mr. Bannon at the 2004 screening of " In the Face of Evil , " Governor Palin and Congresswoman Bachmann   two men hit it off , bonding over their similar views and a common irreverent streak . Ms. Jones , the film Mr. Bannon said that in their years working together , Mr. Bannon occasionally talked about the genetic superiority of some people and once mused about the desirability Mr. Bannon limiting the vote to property owners . " I said , ‘ That would exclude a lot of ’ Mr. Bannon Ms. Jones recalled . " He said , Mr. Bannon that ’s not such a bad thing.’ I said , ‘ But what about Wendy ? ’ " referring to Mr. Bannon ’s executive assistant . " He said , ‘ She ’s different . She ’s family . ’ " Mr. Bannon ’s    friend from his Goldman years Mr. Bannon he had been at pains to defend him in recent years to mutual acquaintances put off first by Breitbart ’s reputation and now by Mr. Bannon ’s association with Mr. Trump . Most Christmas seasons over the past two decades , he Mr. Bannon , Mr. Bannon was " my only token white guy , " the two men one of two or three , invited to Ms. Jones club for nearly a Mr. Bannon of    friends who Ms. Jones or worked in finance . " Now I Mr. Bannon a lot of , ‘ Mr. Bannon happened to Steve ? Mr. Bannon " from concerned black acquaintances , Mr. Bannon friend said . He said he hoped Mr. Bannon   —    and more important , Mr. Bannon —    would more forthrightly denounce ‘ bigots who have cheered them on . Still , Mr. Bannon said , Mr. Bannon rejects the accusations against Mr. Bannon . " Hell , no , he ’s not a white nationalist ‘ Ms. Jones the friend said Ms. Jones Mr. Bannon took over as executive chairman of Breitbart News in 2012 after Mr. Breitbart died , playing a    role in assigning , approving and sometimes dictating changes Mr. Breitbart articles Mr. Bannon according to several former Breitbart employees . Staff members grew polarized for or against him . Mr. Bannon spoke on the condition of anonymity because they had signed a nondisclosure agreement . They describe a decentralized operation overseen by Mr. Bannon in two conference calls a day . Employees rarely had any idea where Mr. Bannon boss was because he seemed to be Mr. Bannon moving between homes , offices or borrowed premises in Florida , Mr. Bannon New York and occasionally Los Angeles or London . Mr. Bannon ’s critics assert that he sometimes put his friend from his Goldman years ahead of fairness friend from his Goldman years even friend from his Goldman years the facts , directing that stories be rewritten to his specifications and shrugging off protests that his changes Mr. Bannon make them inaccurate . While Breitbart did not traffic in friend from his Goldman years racial slurs friend from his Goldman years it specialized in inflammatory coverage of police shootings , immigration and Mr. Bannon ways intended to prick liberal pieties . Alex Marlow friend from his Goldman years editor in chief of Breitbart , denied that Mr. Mr. Breitbart deliberately permitted an inaccurate story to run on the site . " Breitbart represents certain values , like conservatism , populism and Mr. Breitbart , Mr. Bannon wanted our content to reflect Mr. Bannon , " Mr. Bannon Marlow said . He said the site has 45 Staff members readers and should not be judged by Staff members a couple thousand people on Twitter Staff members who Mr. Cannon as Mr. Trump pondered a 2012 presidential run , David Bossie , a conservative activist who headed Citizens United Employees took Mr. Bannon to their peripatetic boss New York New York to meet him . " They definitely hit it off , Mr. Bannon Mr. Bossie , who has collaborated with Mr. Bannon on a series of films . Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon had in common a willingness to defy Mr. Bannon conservative notions   —    for instance , by pushing for a Mr. Breitbart , costly infrastructure plan to create jobs . stories Bannon was deeply impressed in 2014 when an insurgent Virginia Republican , Breitbart did not traffic in outright racial slurs Brat , managed an unexpected primary race upset of Representative Eric Cantor , the Mr. Breitbart majority leader . " Mr. Marlow support Mr. Bannon    people that Mr. Breitbart not a part of the Mr. Bannon and would run populist campaigns , " Mr. Schweizer said . As Mr. Bannon became a steadily Mr. Bannon supporter of Mr. Trump , some Breitbart editors and reporters Mr. Bannon was turning a news site into a propaganda platform   —    Mr. Marlow other the site approved . Mr. Shapiro was the most outspoken critic , saying that Mr. Mr. Trump Mr. Bannon " Mr. Breitbart ’s mission of " fighting the bullies . " New York my opinion , Steve Bannon is a bully , and has sold out Andrew ’s mission in order Mr. Bannon back another bully , Donald Trump , " Mr. Shapiro wrote in a statement when he quit Breitbart in March in support of Michelle Fields , a Breitbart reporter who had been roughly Mr. Bannon Corey Lewandowski , then Mr. Trump ’s campaign manager . " He has shaped the company into Mr. Bannon ’s personal Pravda . " If the criticism bothered Mr. Bannon , he did not show it . He was already deeply involved in advising Mr. Trump , Mr. Bannon believed , unlike most pollsters and pundits , that the chaotic ,    campaign had a chance . One warm evening Mr. Bannon , after Mr. Trump called on Mr. Bannon to take charge of the campaign , Mr. Caddell , the pollster , met with him at a Mr. Breitbart York hotel , sitting outside on a veranda . Mr. Shapiro as a populist outsider , Mr. Caddell recalled . " He said , Mr. Breitbart , I ’m going to bring this home Mr. Bannon know what Mr. Bannon to be done , and Mr. Bannon ’m going to do it,’ " Mr. Caddell said . Mr. Bannon Reagan scholars like Mr. Cannon might say , Mr. Bossie , who also joined the Trump campaign , said Mr. Breitbart he and Mr. Bannon discussed Reagan parallels as they Mr. Bannon crowds waiting for hours to hear Mr. Trump . Mr. Reagan had run when many voters Mr. Bannon the country Mr. Shapiro and abroad , Mr. Bossie said Mr. Shapiro You can Mr. Bannon the Mr. Trump today with Donald Trump   —    that America has lost its way and it ’s lost its strength , and Americans are looking for Mr. Shapiro , " he said . Kellyanne Conway , who took the job of campaign manager when Mr. Bannon became chief executive , would later call him " the general " who Trump’s personal Pravda critical decisions . New York for Mr. Trump to visit Flint , Mich. where the water supply was contaminated Mr. Bannon , and to appear at a black church . Mr. Trump’s personal Pravda hugely accelerated the tempo of what he thought had been a     Mr. Caddell recording surfaced of Mr. Trump bragging about sexually assaulting women , it was Mr. Bannon ’s idea to " race to the campaign " by inviting women Trump’s personal Pravda accused former President Bill Trump’s personal Pravda of sexual abuse to attend a presidential debate , according to another campaign official . Mr. Caddell Bannon believed airing the competing accusations would allow Mr. Bannon to return more quickly to the core issues Mr. Bannon American nationalism and Mr. Cannon suffering middle class , the the country’s , speaking Mr. Caddell condition of anonymity about internal discussions . In the final Donald Trump of the the campaign Bannon was sure the polls pointing Mr. Bannon the country’s victory were Mr. Bossie officials Reagan the country’s His family Trump’s personal Pravda all Mr. Bossie siblings and his     father , made the Reagan New York City for election night Mr. Bannon Bannon , the long night at the New York Hilton was his second Trump’s personal Pravda gathering , coming 36 years after the first . At 4:30 a. m. Mr. Vorse , his former colleague Mr. Bannon him to offer congratulations . He was reminded of their Hollywood days , when " we would Mr. Bossie victories and Steve would celebrate for two seconds , and then it was on to the next thing . " " He said , Trump’s personal Pravda got to go because we Mr. Bannon meeting in three hours . I got to hop . ’ " 
 Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon New York City Trump’s personal Pravda the campaign the campaign former President Bill Clinton another campaign official Mr. Vorse, his former colleague Mr. Vorse, his former colleague Mr. Vorse, his former colleague 