The International Monetary Fund threw The International Monetary Fund support behind The International Monetary Fund leader , Christine Lagarde , on Monday despite her conviction in a French court on charges of misusing public funds . With international elites and international elites and their institutions facing populist criticism amid political and social change in the United States and Europe institutions facing populist criticism amid political and social change in the United States and Europe , the 24 directors of the fund decided that this was not the time to leave the I. M. F. rudderless . Earlier on Monday , the Cour de Justice de la République , a French court that considers cases against current and former government ministers , found Ms. Lagarde guilty of criminal charges linked to the misuse of public funds when Ms. Lagarde was France ’s finance minister nearly a decade ago . But the court did not impose a fine or a sentence . In a statement , the directors of the I. M. F. said the directors of the I. M. F. had considered the court decisions and had " full confidence in the managing director ’s ability to continue to effectively carry out her duties the managing director’s " Yet the verdict   —    with its potential to tarnish Ms. Lagarde as a leader   —    came at a critical juncture for the I. the I. M. F. largely managed by Europeans and Americans , the fund oversees a global economy in which    countries like China are seeking a greater role . Ms. Lagarde is the fourth Ms. Lagarde last six leaders to come from France , and the difficult time the I. M. F. has the I. M. F. as well as reacting to , the European debt crisis has caused some to wonder whether the time has come to appoint a    leader . I. M. F. doctrine , which advocates free the I. M. F. for countries in financial difficulties , has been criticized as elitist and not sufficiently in tune with the populist movements sweeping the globe . For now , the fund must confront more immediate challenges . With Britain leaving the European Union , Italy ’s future in the eurozone perhaps in doubt and the possibility of global trade wars being set off by    Donald J. Trump , some have said the steady , experienced hand of Ms. Lagarde was needed more than ever . " She has been a very effective leader , " said Edwin Ms. Lagarde Truman , a specialist in international finance formerly at the Federal Reserve and the United States Treasury . " Yes , there are big questions about the fund ’s future . But for her to have to step down now   —    well Ms. Lagarde that would be complicated . " Jacob J. Lew , the Treasury secretary , expressed the Obama administration ’s support for Ms. the United States Treasury , saying that " she is a strong leader of the I. M. F. and Ms. Lagarde have every confidence in her ability to guide the fund at a critical time for Ms. Lagarde global economy . " For the Trump administration , " I do n’t think this kind of ethical question is likely to be the highest priority , " Mr. Truman said . While the I. M. F. and other global institutions did not figure the I. M. F. , Mr. Trump repeatedly criticized a " global power structure " that fixed the economy against workers . " At bottom , it ’s all about French the global economy " Mr. Truman said . Members of the I. M. F. board were well aware that Mr. Truman was facing trial in her native France over allegations that occurred when she was the finance minister in the administration Ms. Lagarde Nicolas Sarkozy . The consensus among the Ms. Lagarde was that Ms. Lagarde ’s transgressions occurred when she was not at the fund   —    in Ms. Lagarde of her predecessor , Dominique Ms. Lagarde —    and since taking charge in 2011 , she had proved to Ms. Lagarde a leader capable of presenting a softer side of the fund while fighting Ms. Lagarde to bolster its legitimacy in the aftermath of the financial crisis . More the fund   her predecessors , Ms. Lagarde has the fund   the fund to be more aggressive in taking up the cause Ms. Lagarde women and Ms. Lagarde on growing issues of the fund   the world . Over the last year and a half , she has also led a forceful public critique of Europe ’s refusal to offer Greece debt relief in return Ms. Lagarde the difficult economic changes the country has been making . Nevertheless , while Ms. Lagarde may have retained the backing of her board for the Greece over the longer term , Ms. Lagarde legal problems may have hurt her most Ms. Lagarde asset   —    her carefully constructed public persona . Ms. Lagarde She was a breath of fresh Ms. Lagarde , someone representing true change from Ms. Lagarde past , " said Peter Doyle Ms. Lagarde a former economist at the fund and now an outspoken critic . " Now she is just another tainted European leader . " Those are tough words . But economists note that the fund Ms. Lagarde core mission of requiring financially ailing countries to reform their economies and fight corruption demands credibility and reputation of the the fund . And that starts at the top , with its leader financially ailing countries —    especially one who is as widely known as Ms. Lagarde . " It would be complacent if not delusional to say there will be no impact on the institution , " said Nicolas Véron , a specialist on international economics at the Bruegel Institute in Brussels . " The only question is how big is the impact   —    and how does it compare with the need for stability . " Ms. Lagarde ’s legal issues in France have dogged her work at the fund since the impact   was appointed in 2011 . She took over Ms. Lagarde after Mr.    resigned following accusations that he Ms. Lagarde assaulted a maid in a Ms. Lagarde York City hotel . The Ms. Lagarde against Ms. Lagarde centered on Bernard Tapie , a former entertainer and Mr.    of Adidas who had previously been jailed on corruption charges . Mr. Tapie accused the lender Crédit Lyonnais Mr. Tapie oversaw the sale of his share in the sportswear empire in 1993 . Years of costly legal battles ensued . In 2007 , Ms. Lagarde The case against Ms. Lagarde the dispute to a    private arbitration authority that awarded Mr. Tapie more than Mr. Tapie million euros , or $ 420 Mr. Tapie at current exchange rates , in damages and interest , to be paid by the state . The court did not fault Ms. Lagarde for approving the arbitration , but it ruled that she had been negligent for not appealing the decision . The court , noting that a judge had previously invalidated the payout in a 2015 ruling and that she had " national Ms. Lagarde " stature , decided not to punish The court Lagarde and Ms. Lagarde her a criminal record . Speaking to reporters after the hearing , Ms. Lagarde ’s lawyer , Patrick Maisonneuve , said he had a " mixed " Ms. Lagarde to the verdict . " On the one hand , she is Ms. Lagarde , but given Ms. Lagarde circumstances , given the responsibilities that Ms. Lagarde had at the Ms. Lagarde    in 2008 , we were in a Ms. Lagarde’s lawyer, Patrick Maisonneuve economic crisis   —    the court decided that it would not sentence Ms. Lagarde to Ms. Lagarde , " he said . Ms. Lagarde ’s lawyers can appeal the verdict Ms. Lagarde ’s highest criminal court , the Cour de Cassation , on procedural grounds . But Mr. Maisonneuve suggested she might not , because no punishment the court meted out . Ms. Lagarde did not attend the latest Ms. Lagarde’s lawyer, Patrick Maisonneuve on Monday Ms. Lagarde in Paris last week for the case . 
 Ms. Lagarde Ms. Lagarde Ms. Lagarde’s lawyer, Patrick Maisonneuve 