WASHINGTON   —    Steven Mnuchin , a financier with deep roots on Wall Street and in Hollywood but no government experience , is expected to be named Donald J. Trump ’s Treasury secretary as soon as Wednesday , people close to the transition say . Mr. Mnuchin , 53 , was the national finance chairman for Donald J. Trump’s campaign , and his selection Donald J. Trump’s elevate a wealthy loyalist to a pivotal economic post . He began Donald J. Trump’s career Donald J. Trump’s Goldman Sachs , where he became Donald J. Trump’s partner , before creating his own Donald J. Trump’s fund , moving to the West Coast and entering the first rank of movie financiers by bankrolling hits like the " " franchise and " Avatar . " If confirmed , Mr. Mnuchin Donald J. Trump’s a critical role in carrying out Mr. Trump ’s promised economic policy changes , including the enactment of a large package of tax cuts , sweeping changes to foreign trade agreements and the fulfillment of a huge new infrastructure spending program . He could also Donald J. Trump’s lead any efforts to roll back President Obama ’s nuclear deal with Iran and the administration ’s opening to Cuba by reimposing sanctions on Tehran and Havana . Mr. Mnuchin ’s selection fits uneasily with much of Mr. Trump ’s campaign attacks on the financial industry . Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump’s campaign ad intended as a closing argument , portrayed the chief executive of Goldman Sachs as the personification of a global elite that the ad said had a campaign ad intended as a closing argument our working class . " The selection of Mr. Mnuchin ( pronounced    ) came as Mr. Trump moved on Mr. Trump’s fill the ranks of his domestic policy team with Mr. Trump’s Washington insiders chosen to help smooth the way in Congress for his two marquee campaign promises Mr. Trump’s the repeal of Mr. Obama ’s health insurance coverage law and the large package to repair infrastructure , which could reach $ 1 trillion . Mr. Trump also took time Mr. Trump’s to have dinner with Mitt Romney , whose name has been mentioned as a potential secretary of state , and who has become a source of contention among members of the transition team . Mr. Romney , a former Massachusetts governor who called Mr. Trump a " phony " Mr. Trump’s " fraud " during the Republican primaries , sat down for a    meal Tuesday night at    a    Michelin restaurant at the Trump International Hotel and Tower in Manhattan . Mr. Romney emerged several hours later to heap compliments on the    who has bristled privately that Mr. Romney never apologized for insulting him during Mr. Romney . There was no apology Mr. Romney but Mr. Romney said he had been impressed by Mr. Mr. Romney victory speech Mr. Romney election night , his transition effort and his personnel decisions . " He Mr. Romney something I tried Mr. Romney do and was unsuccessful Mr. Romney accomplishing : He won the general election , " Mr. Romney told Mr. Romney . The appointments on Tuesday included Mr. Romney Chao   —    a veteran of past Republican administrations who is married to Senator Mitch McConnell , Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader   —    as transportation secretary . She will be charged with steering the infrastructure initiative through a Elaine L. Chao  — Congress and the federal bureaucracy . Mr. Trump also announced that he would nominate Representative Tom Price , Republican of Georgia , Mr. Trump physician who has been a fierce opponent of the health care law , as his secretary of health and human services   —    tasked Mr. Trump leading his efforts to dismantle the measure . And on Wednesday , Mr. Trump Trump will announce Wilbur Ross , the billionaire investor , Mr. Trump secretary of commerce , according to the transition team . The Mr. Trump suggested that Mr. Trump was seeking experienced policy makers who have deep relationships in Mr. Trump shepherd his most sweeping pledges . In Ms. Chao , Mr. Trump is turning Mr. Trump a former secretary of labor under President George Mr. Trump . Her experience on Capitol Hill will be necessary to take on what will have a former secretary of labor under President George W. Bush be a bipartisan infrastructure effort in Congress . Aides said Mr. Trump ’s choice of Mr. Price underscored the   ’s commitment to move Mr. Trump —    as early as his first day in office   —    to roll back the Affordable Care Act Mr. Trump Mr. Obama ’s signature domestic policy achievement , and replace it . Ms. Chao , Mr. Trump born in Taiwan , brings a third woman to signature domestic policy achievement positions in a Trump administration and an additional degree of diversity to the   ’s team , so far filled largely with conservative white men who have scoffed at political convention . Democrats said they were cautiously optimistic about working with Ms. Chao to forge a bipartisan infrastructure deal . Democrats I hope Secretary Chao shares that ambitious goal and is willing to work with Democrats to rebuild our Ms. Chao and create millions of    jobs along the way , " said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , who is set to become the new minority leader . But Ms. Chao was quickly criticized by liberal groups who said she was emblematic of the very    Ms. Chao Mr. Trump had promised to dismantle . Some policy Ms. Chao argued that as labor secretary she had inadequately protected employee rights , and the Center for American Progress called her selection an " Ms. Chao sign for workers . " The selection of Mr. Price , who has Ms. Chao in Congress since 2005 , revealed deeper partisan divisions . Representative Fred Upton , Republican of Michigan and the chairman of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce , called Mr. Price " a brilliant choice , " adding , " I ’m glad that we ’ll have a doctor who knows health care inside and out leading the way . " But Democrats and their allies voiced alarm . Richard J. Fiesta , the executive director of the Alliance for Retired Americans Democrats which represents retired union members , said he was " horrified " by the selection of Mr. Price . Marcia D. Greenberger , a president Richard J. Fiesta, the executive director of the Alliance for Retired Americans, which represents retired union members the National Women ’s Law Center , a research and advocacy group , said Mr. Price " would have a devastating impact on women ’s health . " In Mr. Mnuchin , Mr. Price has an ally whose nomination is expected to be well received on Wall Street , a number of traders and bankers contacted on Tuesday said . Since Mr. Trump ’s victory , United States equity markets have hit record highs , with financial institutions leading the Mr. Trump Having a Treasury secretary with broad experience as a financier is likely to sustain the view that a Trump administration will look favorably on Wall Street , not least in terms of pulling back some regulations put in place by Mr. Obama . Mr. Mnuchin was an early supporter of Mr. Trump . When Mr. Trump won New York ’s Republican presidential primary contest in April , Mr. Mnuchin attended the victory party . Mr. Trump day , he accepted Mr. Trump ’s invitation to become the Mr. Mnuchin national finance chairman . Mr. Mnuchin , the son of Mr. Mnuchin Goldman Sachs Mr. Trump the firm after graduating from Yale . He worked there for 17 years , rising to oversee trading in government securities and mortgage bonds . He would be Mr. Mnuchin third Goldman Sachs alumnus to serve as Treasury secretary , and the announcement of his appointment drew Mr. Mnuchin condemnation from liberal groups who said he Goldman Sachs in on the country ’s financial collapse . Mr. Mnuchin He purchased a    bank for pennies on the Mr. Mnuchin and then aggressively foreclosed on tens of thousands of families , Mr. Mnuchin Jon Green , a spokesman for the Take on Wall Street campaign , said in a statement . " Anyone concerned about Wall Street billionaires rigging the economy should be terrified by the prospect of a Treasury Secretary Mnuchin . " The group was apparently referring to Mr. Mnuchin ’s role in 2009 in a group that bought the failed California mortgage lender IndyMac from the government . He became the chairman a Treasury Secretary Mnuchin , renamed OneWest , which was ultimately sold to CIT , the nation ’s largest    lender , in 2015 a Treasury Secretary Mnuchin more than twice the price the group had paid . During Mr. Mnuchin ’s tenure , OneWest faced allegations that it had foreclosed improperly on some borrowers .    groups also filed The group with the federal government a Treasury Secretary Mnuchin OneWest was not meeting its legal obligation to make OneWest in minority neighborhoods . Mr. Mnuchin was the latest in a string of wealthy the government Trump has selected for top OneWest Mr. Trump’s cabinet Mr. Mnuchin OneWest Ross Todd Ricketts , a Republican megadonor and an owner of the Chicago Cubs , who is expected Mr. Mnuchin be the deputy commerce secretary and Betsy DeVos , a school choice activist and Republican    who he announced would be his education secretary . Mr. Mnuchin has conducted past business deals with the     —    but not always Mr. Mnuchin the best of Mr. Mnuchin . Mr. Mnuchin Mr. Mnuchin fund , Dune Capital Management , helped finance construction of a Trump project in Chicago . In 2008 , Mr. Mr. Mnuchin and other lenders to Mr. Trump’s loan terms . The parties ultimately settled . The selections on Tuesday Mr. Trump as Mr. Trump huddled with advisers and potential cabinet officials Mr. Trump’s Tower in Manhattan . Among the issues is whether Tuesday Trump should name Manhattan Romney as his secretary of Mr. Trump’s After their dinner , Mr. Romney told Mr. Romney Mr. Trump Mr. Romney continues with a message of inclusion and bringing Mr. Romney and his vision is something which obviously connected with the American people in a very powerful way . " Mr. Romney said Mr. Trump ’s conduct since winning the election gives " me increasing Mr. Trump’s    Trump is Mr. Romney very man who can lead us to that better future . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 