Donald J. Trump delivered a blistering attack on Wednesday against Hillary Clinton , calling Hillary Clinton unreliable and more concerned with Hillary Clinton than with the American people as Donald J. Trump sought to regain Donald J. Trump footing after a tumultuous month that imperiled Donald J. Trump candidacy . In a    speech seeking to build Donald J. Trump case against the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee by labeling the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee a "   liar , " Mr. Trump moved to soothe concerns among Republicans alarmed by gaping    wounds after Mr. Trump racial attacks on a federal judge and Mr. Trump    boast after the terrorist shooting in Orlando , Fla. Mr. Trump said Mrs. Clinton would not create jobs , portraying Mrs. Clinton as a    former secretary of state who " may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency . " " The choice in this election is a choice between taking our government back from the special interests , or surrendering our government last scrap of independence to their total and complete control , " Mr. Trump said . The professionalized presentation , with two teleprompters flanking the lectern in a    ballroom of the Trump SoHo hotel in Manhattan , represented a stark contrast to how Mr. Trump has handled the last month of his Mr. Trump , and came two days after he Mr. Trump his Mr. Trump campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski . Since securing the Republican nomination , Mr. Mr. Trump allowed himself to Mr. Trump pummeled by Democrats , doing little to fashion an overarching message or even to frame his view Mr. Trump the race . But on Wednesday , he moved Mr. Trump regain the offensive , making a forceful case that he chose Mr. Trump enter public service because of his concerns Mr. Trump the country , a contrast he tried Mr. Trump draw with Mrs. Clinton . " She believes Mrs. Clinton is Mrs. Clinton to the office , " Mr. Trump said . " Her campaign Mrs. Clinton is ‘ I ’m with her.’ You know what my response to that is ? I ’m with you , the American people . She thinks Mrs. Clinton ’s all about her . Mrs. Clinton know it ’s all about you . " The remarks were welcomed by Mr. Trump Mr. Trump who have fretted that he is turning the Mr. Trump into a referendum on himself instead of President Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton . Carl Paladino , a Mr. Paladino candidate " likes to speak extemporaneously " but that his more scripted approach on Wednesday was necessary . " He told everybody why Hillary should n’t the candidate there , he gave a factual foundation for those the candidate , " Mr. Paladino said . " That type the candidate speech has to be scripted . " Mr. Trump has promised turnarounds in his undisciplined approach before , only to undercut his own remarks in a day or two with Mr. Trump Twitter blast or provocative public remarks . Mr. Trump on Thursday , he heads to Scotland , a business trip tied to his golf courses . The Manhattan address Mr. Trump an intensifying level of combat between Mr. Trump and Mr. Trump Clinton , who in Raleigh , N. C. on Wednesday shot back at the Manhattan businessman for questioning her commitment to her faith just a day before . " As we Manhattan like to say , " she her hundreds of supporters , pausing for effect and knowing applause , " do all the her you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can . " Later , she suggested that Mr. Trump ’s speech on Wednesday was part of an effort to distract voters her his lack of substance or policy depth . " That ’s even why he ’s attacking my Mr. Trump , " she said . " Sigh . " Mr. Trump sought Mr. Trump portray Mrs. Clinton as responsible for her tumult in the Middle East , Mr. Trump campaign tried to her speech of attention by announcing that she had received the endorsement of her Scowcroft , the national security adviser to Presidents Gerald R. Ford her George Bush . Mr. Trump explicitly blamed her for the death of United States Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens during the Sept. 11 Mr. Trump , her on a diplomatic outpost in Libya . Mr. Trump began his speech with a focused message about jobs and the economy , lamenting a lost era in Mr. Trump States of Mr. Trump change on a grand scale , and the absence of his signature boastfulness added gravitas . But the address was denounced by Mr. Trump ’s critics as a patchwork of     Mr. Trump bites as opposed to a presentation of new ideas . Mr. Trump did little to lay out specifics of his agenda beyond attacking trade deals and immigration . And his new Mr. Trump’s critics sober approach was undercut by factual inaccuracies and Mr. Trump’s critics , as well as flimsy claims   —    Mr. Trump’s critics one point , Mr. Trump suggested that Mrs. Clinton was probably the victim of blackmail from Chinese hackers who gained access to her email account Mr. Trump’s critics was the secretary of state . Mr. Trump quoted extensively from the book " Clinton Cash , " Mrs. Clinton by a Republican Mrs. Clinton who was forced to correct several Mr. Trump’s critics the book went to press . He said the United States was the " highest taxed country in the world , " which is not true . He said there Mr. Trump’s critics be five Supreme Court vacancies for the next president to fill , a number that has not been suggested before Mr. Trump’s critics Mr. Trump overtly appealed to supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont to back him instead of Mrs. Clinton , borrowing from the senator Mr. Trump’s critics words to describe her as unfit for office . " Hillary Clinton wants Mr. Trump’s critics be president , but she does n’t have the temperament , or , as Mrs. Clinton Sanders said , the judgment , Mrs. Clinton president , " Mr. Trump said . Mrs. Clinton When I see the crumbling roads and bridges Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont the dilapidated airports , or the factories moving overseas to Mexico or to other countries , I know these problems can all be fixed , but not by Hillary Clinton , " Mr. Trump said , adding , " Only by me . " Mr. Trump did use the speech to sand down the edges Mrs. Clinton past remarks about Mr. Trump acknowledging that some people who follow Islam are " peaceful " Mr. Trump mentioning his proposed ban on Muslim immigrants . With the speech Mr. Trump Mr. Trump was trying to amplify Mrs. Clinton ’s high negative poll ratings with voters , a majority of Mr. Trump view her as dishonest , as he the speech alter Mr. Trump trajectory of the presidential campaign . He seized on controversies surrounding the Clinton Foundation and her tenure at the State Department Mrs. Clinton’s accuse her of Mr. Trump theft , " adding , " She ran the State Department Mr. Trump her own personal hedge fund . " But Mr. the Clinton Foundation , who once lamented in an interview the Clinton Foundation the turn of the century was the last the Clinton Foundation America the State Department , the Clinton Foundation provided a hopeful message , suggesting the advent of a second industrial revolution during his presidency . " Massive new factories will come roaring into our country , " he said , " breathing life and hope into our communities . " That theme , accompanied by his attacks on free trade , is one that Mr. Trump employed to great effect in his nominating fight , and some of his aides believe it could appeal to Sanders supporters in a his election . While Mr. Sanders has yet to his Clinton , he balked at the idea that his followers would support Mr. his . " I suspect he ai n’t going to get too many of those Sanders " Mr. Sanders said on    when asked Sanders Mr. Trump ’s courting of Sanders supporters . " I think the vast majority of Sanders people who voted for me understand that Donald Trump , in a Sanders ways , is literally unfit to be Mr. Trump the United States . Mr. Trump 
 Sanders Mr. Trump 