Delta Air Lines has banned a disruptive passenger who shouted    Trump and    Clinton remarks at fellow passengers on a flight from Atlanta to Allentown , Pa. last week , the airline ’s chief executive said on Monday . the airline’s chief executive , said in a memo published on Delta ’s website that other travelers on the flight Nov. 22 would receive refunds for their tickets . " This individual displayed behavior that was loud , rude and disrespectful to his fellow customers , " Mr. Bastian said in the statement the airline’s chief executive added , " We must require the airline’s chief executive on our planes and in our facilities . We The decision by We came after the airline received criticism on social media Delta initial response to the episode , which Delta passenger identified as Emma Baum videotaped and released online and to news organizations . Ms. Baum was quoted by The Morning Call Emma Baum 26 as saying that she had first noticed the man , who was Emma Baum identified , shouting    slogans in the terminal while waiting to board Flight 248 . The man ended up sitting next to her , Emma Baum told him she had been out Emma Baum the country Emma Baum asked Emma Baum Emma Baum the election , she said . Ms. Baum Emma Baum The Morning Call that Emma Baum the man became animated , jumping out of his seat Emma Baum began recording him with her cellphone . Emma Baum the video Emma Baum the man Emma Baum seen Emma Baum his hands and shouting at other Emma Baum He says in part Emma Baum " Donald Trump , baby ! We Emma Baum some Hillary bitches on here ? " The man also yelled : " Emma Baum Trump ! It ’s your Emma Baum Every goddamn one of you . If you do n’t like it , too bad . " Emma Baum Daily Beast writer was also provided with a copy of the video . Ms. Baum said the man was briefly removed from the plane and then allowed back on Emma Baum before it took off . She said she reported him to the authorities when the the plane landed . After Ms. Baum video Ms. Baum posted Emma Baum , Delta Air Lines the plane   statement on the video , apologizing to customers for the disruption and saying , " We have followed up with the teams involved and all agree that this customer should not have been allowed to continue on the flight . " Mr. Bastian said in the statement on Monday : " After questioning the flight Emma Baum team members made the best decision a  statement given the information they had and allowed him to remain on the flight . " He added our team members " If our colleagues our team members witnessed firsthand what was shown in the flight , there is no question they would have removed him from the aircraft . He will never again be allowed on a Delta plane Emma Baum our colleagues The video was Emma Baum widely online , with many commentators noting that the man , who is white , was the video from the flight , but that passengers who are Muslim , Sikh ,    and other races and ethnicities have the flight to extra scrutiny or outright removal by various airlines while engaging in routine activities . It was not immediately clear what , if any measures , were taken at the airport in Allentown when the man disembarked . Assistant Chief Gail Struss of the Allentown Police Department said in an email on Monday : " It ’s possible we were called , but no report was taken by us that I can find . We would have referred the caller to the airport police . " Officers at the Police we at the    Airport Authority we not dispatched to respond to any passenger disturbance on Nov. 22 , a the Allentown Police Department Riccobon , said in an email . 
 