Carl Icahn was late , but Carl Icahn still had something to say . Wedging Carl Icahn around a table crowded with Republican donors at a Hamptons beach house , Carl Icahn jumped in as Senator Mitch McConnell described how important it was to hold on to the Senate this fall . It was important to help Republicans hold the Senate , Mr. Icahn told the room . But they Republicans kidding themselves Republicans they Republicans they Republicans leave Donald J. Trump twisting in the wind . " We have to get behind Trump Donald J. Trump " Mr. Mr. Icahn , according to two people who attended the event , held shortly after the Republican convention in Cleveland . " We all have to come together . " In hotel suites and skyboxes , from K Street to the Texas suburbs , in conversations that are both urgent and strained , allies of Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump senior Republicans and senior party donors to come to Mr. Trump ’s Donald J. Trump a damaging series of    controversies that have left some in the party ready to abandon him . The goal is Donald J. Trump persuade thousands of the party ’s most reliable the party overcome their lingering objections to the candidate thousands of the party of them never wanted , and to thousands of the party defeat a Democrat most of them want even less . In thousands of the party coming weeks , Mr. Trump and campaign officials will Mr. Trump organized with the Republican National Committee , hitting the summer haunts of the      —    from East Hampton to the California wine country   —    in a    effort to tap into the party ’s vast financial reserves . On Monday in Detroit , Mr. Trump is scheduled to unveil a set of detailed economic policy prescriptions , a speech his supporters hope will help Mr. Trump reset his campaign Mr. Trump remind wavering Republican donors Mr. Trump stark contrast Mr. Trump he offers to Hillary Clinton on issues like taxes and regulation Mr. Trump " It ’s somewhat of a natural evolution with the donor base , " said Gaylord T. Hughey Jr. an energy lawyer who formerly backed Jeb Bush and is now helping lead Mr. Trump ’s    in Texas . " I think the Mr. Trump base was somewhat shocked by Trump ’s nomination . the donor base about him , but Mr. Trump also focused on what the alternative the donor base , Mr. Trump what the implications of the the donor base are . " It is a dizzying turnaround for everyone involved , several donors the alternative interviews . Aides and    for Mr. Trump , a    billionaire who has spent months proclaiming his independence from the party ’s traditional financial interests , now concede that they need mainline Republican donors to swing behind Mr. Trump so that he will have enough financial Aides and   for Mr. Trump, a   billionaire who has spent months proclaiming his independence from the party to compete with Mrs. Clinton in the air and on the his . While Mr. Trump ’s campaign has rapidly ramped up      bringing in $ 64 million jointly with the Mr. Trump digital and direct mail appeals in July , he is lagging behind Mrs. Clinton on larger checks , particularly the    and    donations that wealthy donors Mr. Trump to party organizations Mrs. Clinton just as he asks for help , the party ’s establishment donors are reeling from Mr. Trump ’s decision to pick Mr. Trump with the family of a deceased Iraq war veteran and the popular Republican House speaker , Paul D. Ryan . Even so , many are grappling with the fact that he remains their only chance at keeping a Democrat out of the White House . But donors supportive of Mr. Mr. Trump’s said in interviews that they were encouraging their peers to consider the downside of a Clinton administration : a liberal Supreme Court and economic donors supportive of Mr. Trump pushed to donors supportive of Mr. Trump left by Senator Bernie Sanders and the Democrats’ newly empowered progressive wing . " As he unfolds more details of his various policies , I believe the level of comfort will grow , " Wilbur L. Ross Jr. a New he investor and donor who held a    for Mr. Trump in July , said in an email . " More and more people are realizing that they should n’t be distracted by the sideshows that result from clever Democratic baiting of Trump , " he added More and more people Some Trump backers argue that despite his criticisms of Washington , Mr. Trump is likely to lean heavily on conservative think Mr. Trump and    trade associations Mr. Trump stock his administration . Mr. Trump urging their fellow donors to face the hard truth that Mr. Trump thumped the donor class Mr. Trump preferred candidates and earned the Others of Republican voters . Now , they say Mr. Trump is time for the donors to respect the voters’ wishes . " In addition to fear of     Others under a President Hillary Clinton , there ’s a certain earned respect for Trump among these people , " said Kellyanne Conway , an adviser to Mr. Trump who is close to some of the party ’s biggest donors . " The difference with some of these other Trump is respect for people who elevated him to the nomination . " There are plenty of vocal and visible holdouts . Paul E. Singer , the prominent New York investor who raised more than $ 3 million for Mitt Romney during the 2012 campaign , has conveyed to Republican officials that he would not donate a dollar more to the Republican National Committee as long as Mr. Trump was the party ’s nominee . Mitt Romney prominent donors spoke out last week after Mr. Trump ’s belittling of the parents of Capt . Humayun Khan , who died in a car bombing in Iraq in 2004 Mr. Trump in the Army . Seth Klarman , a Boston financier who has given more than $ 4 million to Republican candidates and groups over the years , has decided to back Mrs. Clinton . So has Meg Whitman , the    executive who was a leading    for Mr. Romney ’s campaign , and who said last week that Mr. Mr. Klarman unacceptable in our diverse and democratic society that it is simply unthinkable that Donald Trump could become our president . " Mr. Trump has also been abandoned by Charles G. and David H. Koch , the billionaire brothers Mr. Trump a network of conservative political and philanthropic groups . Many of their allied donors traveled to a luxury resort in Colorado Springs last weekend for the summer Mr. Trump the network ’s biannual " seminars . Mr. Trump Ryan , who clashed with Mr. Trump last week before finally getting his endorsement Friday for    was invited to speak at the event . Mr. Trump was not Charles G. and David H. Koch, the billionaire brothers who oversee a network of conservative political and philanthropic groups —    though some Trump supporters pressed his case at private meetings and cocktail hours . Doug Deason , a Dallas investor whose family is active in the Koch ’s political Mr. Trump urged Charles Koch to reconsider , Mr. Trump Deason recalled in an interview . Mr. Koch declined . " I Mr. Trump the fact that it would be nice for Mr. Trump to at Mr. Trump say that he would vote for him , Mr. Deason . Mr. Koch has said that Mr. Trump ’s policies do not align with his own , Koch of the groups that he and his brother oversee , and Koch can not support him simply because he is the Republican nominee , according Mr. Deason James Davis , a spokesman Mr. Deason Freedom Partners , Mr. Deason nonprofit group that runs the seminars . Mr. Deason said that Koch donors he spoke to were supporting Mr. Trump Koch their own . So is William I. Koch , the estranged brother Mr. Trump’s Charles and David , who hosted Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s his Mr. Trump’s in Cape Cod , in he and his brother , on Saturday Mr. Trump’s And Mr. Mr. Trump’s is also having luck outside the ranks of megadonors , among the thousands of business owners and volunteer    who form the base of      in presidential campaigns . " It Mr. Deason no different from raising money with either Mitt other   donors he spoke John McCain , " said Brian D. Ballard , a Florida lobbyist who previously backed Mr. Bush and Mr. Trump Rubio , Mr. Trump is now raising money for Mr. Trump . Two recent events , Mr. Trump , Fla. and Miami , raised more than $ 2 million for Mr. Trump and his party . " It ’s the party What is government Mr. Trump " said Mr. Ballard . " A Clinton government ? To most of the people I deal with , it ’s Mr. Ballard "A Clinton government 