President Trump , who flew across the country on hundreds of nights during the 2016 campaign to sleep in his own bed , has now spent five straight days in the unfamiliar surroundings of the White House . his aides said privately that his seemed apprehensive about the move to his new home , but Mr. Trump has discovered there is a lot his likes . " These are the most beautiful phones I ’ve ever used in my life , " Mr. Trump said in a telephone interview Tuesday evening . " The world ’s most secure system , " he Mr. Trump , laughing . " The words just explode in the air . " What he Mr. Trump was that no one was listening in and recording his Mr. Trump . The Mr. Trump at his desk Mr. Trump —    the one used by former Presidents Barack Obama , George W. Bush , Bill Clinton , Ronald Reagan and John F. Kennedy , among others   —    at the end of his fourth Mr. Trump day in office . His mornings Mr. Trump he said Mr. Trump are spent as they were in Trump Tower . He rises Mr. Trump 6 a. m. watches television tuned to a cable channel first in the residence , and later in a small dining room in the West Wing , and looks through the morning newspapers : The New York Times , The New York Post and now The Washington Post . But his meetings Mr. Trump begin at 9 a. m. earlier than they used his meetings , which significantly curtails his television Mr. Trump . Still , Mr. Trump , who does not read books , is able to end his evenings Mr. Trump plenty of television . In between , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump orders in the Oval Office and has meetings in the West Wing . " They have a lot of board rooms , " he said of Mr. Trump White House , an apparent reference to the Cabinet Room and the Roosevelt Room . The White House the White House property that Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump that is more famous than one of his own , and Mr. Trump seems in awe Mr. Trump Although he made his name Mr. Trump extravagant Mr. Trump gilded properties , the new president has marveled to aides about the splendor of the White House and the lengths the White House to retrieve something from a the new president room . His preference during the day is to work the new president the Oval Office . And to stare at it , still . So do his staff members and relatives . " I the new president had people come in they walk in here and they just want people stare for a long people of time , " Mr. Trump said . Among modern American presidents , Mr. Trump may be best situated to work Mr. Trump lives . For decades , he has lived Mr. Trump a penthouse apartment on the Mr. Trump floor of Trump Tower and taken an elevator down to the 26th floor , where he has a corner office with views of Central Mr. Trump . Many presidents have complained of being cooped up inside the White House   —    George W. Bush in particular said he missed the outdoors   —    but Mr. Mr. Trump can go for days without breathing in fresh outside air . Mr. Trump ’s wife , Melania , went back Mr. Trump York on Sunday night with their     son , Barron , and so Mr. Trump wife, Melania the television   —    and his Mr. Trump unsecured Android phone , to the protests of Mr. Trump of his aides   —    to keep him company . That Mr. Trump the case after 9 p. m. Mr. Trump Tuesday , when Mr. Trump appeared to be reacting to Bill O’Reilly ’s show Mr. Trump News , which was airing a feature on crime in Chicago . At 9:25 p. m. Mr. Trump posted on Twitter : In the interview , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump asked about whether it was hard having his family Mr. Trump him , and he pointed to Thursday , when Mrs. Mr. Trump and Barron , Mr. Trump is finishing Mr. Trump school year in New York , are expected to return . " They ’ll come down on weekends , " Mr. Trump said . " She ’ll come down on Thursdays and stay . Mr. Trump said he was enjoying Mr. Trump so far , despite his visible displeasure with the Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump inauguration and Mr. Trump first performance of his Mr. Trump secretary , Sean Spicer , who Mr. Trump at the news media and made Mr. Trump false statements about Mr. Trump ’s inaugural crowds in the White House briefing room on Saturday . Mr. Mr. Trump his chief strategist , Stephen K. Bannon , and his chief of staff , Reince Priebus Mr. Trump watched Mr. Spicer ’s    on Monday while Mr. Trump lunch in the West Wing dining room , where the president murmured approval of Mr. Spicer ’s Monday performance and called his press secretary a " superstar . " His Mr. Spicer the White House was Saturday morning Mr. Spicer —    a buffet in the residence Mr. Spicer with fresh fruit , pastries and other treats   —    where his adult children and their families joined him . The kitchen has been stocked with the same types Mr. Spicer snacks that Mr. Trump had on Mr. Spicer private plane , including Lay ’s potato chips . His oldest daughter , Mr. Spicer and her husband Mr. Spicer Jared Kushner , the president ’s senior adviser , Mr. Spicer with him in the White House through Sunday . They left for their own new home at the end of Mr. Spicer weekend to get their children ready for His oldest daughter, Ivanka, and her husband, Jared Kushner, the president’s senior adviser new schools His oldest daughter, Ivanka, and her husband, Jared Kushner, the president’s senior adviser Mr. Trump has not brought along any household staff from Trump His oldest daughter, Ivanka, and her husband, Jared Kushner, the president’s senior adviser , an aide His oldest daughter, Ivanka, and her husband, Jared Kushner, the president’s senior adviser . The president spent a part of Tuesday poring over artwork from the White House collections , settling on a Mr. Trump Andrew Jackson   —    America ’s first populist the White House has been invoked by Mr. Trump ’s aides as inspiration   —    to hang in the Oval Office . " Now , I ’m working Mr. Trump Trump said in the interview , punctuating his focus by cataloging the work of the day : an executive order restarting the Keystone Mr. Trump and his plans for    actions over Mr. Trump next days . Mr. Trump is in the meantime pondering his first break away from the White House Mr. Trump a potential trip to     his private club in Mr. Trump , Fla. possibly the weekend of Mr. Trump 3 . Until then , he is breaking in the residence , which Mr. Trump Trump is still working on decorating . " It ’s a beautiful residence , it ’s very Mr. Trump , " Mr. Trump said , deploying Mr. Trump his highest forms of praise . " There ’s something very special when you It that Abraham Lincoln slept there Mr. Trump Mr. Trump said . " The Mr. Trump Bedroom , you know , was his office , and the suite where I ’m staying is actually where he slept Mr. Trump Mr. Trump was referring to the White House master bedroom , which Mr. Trump now his own . " Knowing all of that , it ’s Mr. Trump , than , Mr. Trump , just pure elegance and room size , " Mr. Trump said . Mr. Trump There ’s a lot of history . " 
 Mr. Trump 