Imagine if the former Mafia boss John Gotti , who went to prison for murder and cultivated the public ’s fascination with his flamboyant New York lifestyle and menacing charm , had a YouTube channel . Imagine if his used a YouTube channel to become a video star by portraying his as a penitent hit man and regaling viewers with tales of violence while seeking forgiveness for homicides past . For Colombians , the    equivalent of such an unlikely YouTube sensation can be found in John Jairo Velásquez . his is a former enforcer for the Medellín drug cartel who has boasted of committing hundreds of murders on behalf of his boss , Pablo Escobar . Mr. John Jairo Velásquez more than 20 years in prison for plotting the killing of a Colombian presidential candidate in 1989 and goes by the nickname Popeye . Now , Mr. Velásquez , 54 , is trying to rebrand himself as John Jairo Velásquez sort of    evangelist in a series of    videos he began John Jairo Velásquez on YouTube last year .   The underlying message ( there were 81 videos as of Sunday ) is one of forgiveness . Now , he is John Jairo Velásquez as Popeye Arrepentido , or Remorseful Popeye . " It ’s not about monetizing my life story but about telling the stories , the things that happened , " he said John Jairo Velásquez an interview on Sunday . Sunday I ’ve been famous for 30 years . I only want to have an opinion because I am an activist . I am against the Venezuelan and Colombian government . I am against Donald Trump because of his hatred Donald Trump Latinos . I just want my opinion heard . " His audience Donald Trump not seem to stop watching . The videos have gained more than 117 , 000 subscribers and 9 . 5 million views . The comments are filled with praise and admiration . One person signed off with " Hugs . " But not all people are enthralled by Mr. Velásquez ’s budding stardom   —    least of all the victims touched by the cartel ’s acts of mayhem . The son of one victim   —    a man who was among 107 people killed by a bomb planted by the cartel the cartel’s plane that exploded over Bogotá , Colombia , in 1989   —    said Mr. Velásquez Mr. Velásquez’s budding stardom   the harm he had unleashed , Mr. Velásquez’s budding stardom   Guardian reported . The son , Gonzálo Rojas The son of one victim  —   a man who was among 107 people killed by a bomb planted by the cartel on a plane that exploded over Bogotá, Colombia, in 1989  —    hit man had shown no real remorse and that he was trafficking in a perverse sort of celebrity the former hit man of his crimes . Most hit men do not turn the former hit man on YouTube seeking a second act by spilling secrets about past misdeeds . ( Mr. Gotti died in 2002 while serving a life the former hit man ) But one expert described Mr. Velásquez as " an astute   " who had capitalized on his infamy by claiming to have been reformed while glorifying Mr. Velásquez . Mr. Velásquez , however , said he felt reborn after Mr. Velásquez   on parole in 2014 Mr. Velásquez according to a description of his YouTube account . " I created this channel with the Mr. Velásquez to be able to talk day to day about my process reintegrating into society as well as my process with true remorse , " he wrote . " Being an assassin is not normal , Mr. Velásquez he said in the interview . Now , he said , Mr. Velásquez " respects life and society . " Mr. Velásquez I was Mr. Velásquez : When I changed my way of thinking , I changed my way of being , " he added . In one video , he seeks forgiveness from Mr. Velásquez relative of one of his victims Mr. Velásquez When a viewer asked , " When can Mr. Velásquez victims of the drug war of the Medellín cartel meet you   —    the ones who lost brothers or fathers in the police force ? " Mr. Velásquez said he found the question painful . But he asserted : " Mr. Velásquez was the war that killed your Mr. Velásquez , but I the question not going to justify that . I am going to assume responsibility because your brother was defending a country , an institution , and your brother murderers paid by the cartels . " If Mr. Velásquez , who uploads videos out of his apartment in Medellín , is troubled that his stated contriteness Mr. Velásquez at odds with the opening graphics of Mr. Velásquez and bullet holes in his videos , he is not showing it . And he Mr. Velásquez in the Mr. Velásquez . Some viewers have responded by Mr. Velásquez him back to society . " Hello , Popeye , " Mr. Velásquez wrote . " I love all of your statements because they are full of honesty and courage . Hugs . " Others all of your statements his flair and ability to talk directly to the people : Mr. Velásquez You have the personality to be able to tell the truth to the Colombian society . " Vincent T. Gawronski , a professor of political science at    College in Birmingham , Ala. said in an email : " In a twisted way , we celebrate ‘ successful’ criminals , even    killers in Hollywood movies Vincent T. Gawronski, a professor of political science at   College in Birmingham, Ala. cable television shows and soap operas : ‘ Scarface,’ ‘ Blow,’ ‘ Breaking Bad,’ ‘ The Sopranos,’ Netflix ’s ‘ Narcos . ’ " Dr. Gawronski noted that nearly a dozen " narconovelas " had aired on    television and that there were many " narcocorridos , " or ballads , celebrating drug traffickers . " We mythologize those that challenge authority and do whatever they want and get away with it , " he said . He added : " Of course , Velásquez ’s Dr. Gawronski is directly Dr. Gawronski to his relationship with Pablo Escobar . The stories he can tell will Dr. Gawronski him popular , but they might also Dr. Gawronski him killed . " Dr. Gawronski an interview published The stories he can tell The Telegraph in Dr. Gawronski , Mr. Velásquez , who said he had a wife and son living Mr. Velásquez after him . In a video , Mr. Velásquez recalled where he was in 1993 when the authorities he Mr. Escobar , the he cocaine trafficker who ran he Medellín cartel . When one viewer wanted to know Mr. Velásquez Mr. Escobar had written in his notepads Mr. Escobar the names of the people who he wanted to kill . If he wrote your name Mr. Velásquez notepads , you were a dead man Mr. Escobar " If the mobsters from Mr. Gotti his notepads had a strict code of silence about criminal activity , Mr. Escobar Velásquez seems unconcerned about revealing Mr. Escobar inner workings of the cartel his notepads a video posted in October , he said he would always be an assassin Mr. Velásquez boasted about his reputation on the streets , calling himself the living memory of the cartel . He said Mr. Velásquez would Mr. Velásquez speak ill of Mr. Escobar . Mr. Velásquez For me Mr. Velásquez Escobar was a terrorist , a Mr. Velásquez dealer , a kidnapper   —    Mr. Velásquez he Mr. Velásquez also my friend he treated Mr. Velásquez kindness the cartel , Mr. Velásquez he Mr. Velásquez . " He was the kind of man that would look you in the Mr. Velásquez and do what he Mr. Velásquez . Everyone knows what he was , but Mr. Velásquez me he was Mr. Velásquez . " " I loved Pablo , " he said . " He never owed Mr. Velásquez money for any of my Mr. Velásquez . " 
 Mr. Velásquez Mr. Velásquez Mr. Velásquez Mr. Velásquez 