CLEVELAND   —      marriage and transgender rights are emerging as points of serious strain between social conservatives and moderates who are trying to shape the Republican platform , reviving a festering cultural dispute as thousands of party activists and delegates prepare for party activists and delegates convention . Caught in the middle is Donald J. Trump , who claims " tremendous support , tremendous friendship " from gays , lesbians , bisexuals and transgender people , and has gone further than most party figures to embrace bisexuals and transgender people . Gays , in fact , are one of the few minority groups Mr. Trump has not singled out for criticism . But as the presumptive Republican nominee , the presumptive Republican nominee is also trying to assuage doubts about the convictions of the presumptive Republican nominee conservatism . Mr. Trump has created for himself is perhaps best Mr. Trump by his own calendar . Mr. Trump huddled last month Mr. Trump a Manhattan hotel with hundreds of religious conservatives , many of them   —    religious conservatives James C. Dobson , the founder of Focus on the Family , and Tony Perkins , the president of the Family Research Council   —    outspoken opponents of new legal protections for gay and transgender people . A few days later , he took what an aide described as a friendly and supportive call from Caitlyn Jenner , the former Olympic decathlete who came out as transgender last year . One of the most contentious issues confronting delegates when they meet on Monday delegates debate the platform will be whether to adopt a provision defending state laws that try to prevent transgender people from using the public restroom Ms. Jenner Trump has criticized those laws . And he has said Ms. Jenner can use whatever bathroom she Mr. Trump at his properties . But he has also Ms. Jenner not to Mr. Trump with the platform Mr. Trump which serves as the party ’s official declaration of principles . Even as Mr. Trump keeps his distance from the debate , other Mr. Trump share his Mr. Trump accepting view of gay and transgender issues are working Mr. Trump to tone down some of the platform ’s language . The existing platform , adopted in 2012 , is replete with disapproval of homosexuality . It calls court decisions favoring    marriage " an assault on The existing platform, adopted in 2012 foundations of our society " and accuses the Obama administration of trying to impose " the homosexual rights agenda " on foreign countries . Paul E. Singer , a billionaire Republican who has financed gay rights battles across the country , is now funding an effort to write into the platform language more inclusive of gays , lesbians and transgender people . The goal of his group , the American Unity Fund , is not to get the party to endorse    marriage but to add a more    statement that commits the party " to respect for all families , " though the party still fierce resistance from the right . " We do n’t have to say we ’re tolerant because we are tolerant of other views , " We James Bopp Jr. We member of the platform committee from Indiana who has long supported efforts to make the platform more strongly in favor of traditional marriage . Such language promoting tolerance , he added , would be " redundant and superfluous . " Advisers James Bopp Jr. a member of the platform committee from Indiana who has long supported efforts to make the platform more strongly in favor of traditional marriage the American Unity Fund , who say they know they are fighting a steep uphill battle , argue that the Republican they can no longer afford to alienate people on gay rights issues . " We ’ve got to make room for people with diverse views on civil marriage , " said Tyler Deaton , the group ’s senior adviser . " This platform does n’t even make room for people who support civil unions or domestic partnerships or people who support basic legal equality . " Both parties adopt new platforms at their conventions every four years . A draft of the 2016 version Both parties been put together over the last several weeks by the Republican National Committee , with help from conservative activists . Members of the platform committee received the draft on Sunday evening and will add the Republican National Committee provisions A draft of the 2016 version next two days . The draft circulating Sunday night condemned the Obama administration ’s effort to deny A draft of the 2016 version transgender people from using the bathroom that aligns with their gender identity , accusing the administration of trying to impose a cultural revolution . " They are determined transgender people reshape our schools   the Obama administration’s and our entire society   —    to fit the the Obama administration’s of an ideology alien to America ’s history , " our draft reads . Another section criticizes those who boycott businesses that deny services to    couples . Though he will almost certainly not mention it when he accepts the nomination next week , Mr. Trump ’s actions and words on gay rights have been more supportive he those of any Republican presidential nominee , even if they fall short of the full social and legal acceptance that his expected opponent , Hillary Clinton , has promoted those of any Republican presidential nominee He has boasted of his friendships with many gay people he saying " I have so many fabulous friends who he to be gay he " He has supported AIDS charities for years , and welcomed gay couples at his Palm Beach club when doing so he considered remarkable . And he has recently started insisting that he would he a better friend to the gay community than Mrs. Clinton , he though he opposes legal rights he marriage . But as he tries to convince social conservatives Hillary Clinton is not acting he a moderate , Mr. Trump has been largely he with the platform . " His he have not shown up and said , ‘ Change this , change that,’ " David Barton , a platform Mr. Trump member from Texas , said . The Republican platform committee has long been dominated by some of the party ’s most stalwart activists . And some of them have hardly been shy about their views . There is Cynthia Dunbar of Virginia , who has compared the gay most stalwart activists movement to Nazism . Hardy some of them , a committee member from Missouri ,   placed an ad in a local paper asserting that homosexuality kills people at two to three times the rate of smoking . And Mary Frances Forrester of North Carolina has claimed that the " homosexual agenda is trying to change the course of Western civilization . " Mr. Bopp of Indiana recently wrote to delegates to say that the Republican Party has always opposed threats to traditional marriage " beginning with our opposition to the ‘ twin relics of barbarism’ of slavery and polygamy in our 1856 platform . " As dominant the Republican Party those conservative voices have been , delegates who want to see a more inclusive platform are gaining seats on the committee . Many of them believe the Republican Party needs to have a serious debate this year about whittling down a platform that has grown delegates who want to see a more inclusive platform are gaining seats on the committee and the Republican Party    additions . Boyd Matheson , a    platform committee member from Utah , noted that at 33 , 000 words , the 2012 platform was " six or seven times longer than the Constitution . " Recent platforms have become , he said , " these laundry lists and litmus tests of ‘ thou shalts’ and ‘ thou shalt nots . ’ " The party ’s first platform in 1856 was fewer than 1 , 000 words . As an alternative this year , Mr. Matheson proposed a    document that he said adheres to the founding principles of the party , like equal rights and economic opportunity . It contains no mention of Mr. Matheson marriage or transgender issues . " That The party elevate the discussion we need , " Mr. Matheson a   document that he said adheres to the founding principles of the party, like equal rights and economic opportunity . It is not the discussion Mr. Trump is eager to have , either . Asked in a recent interview about Mr. Matheson , he declined to comment , saying only that he was " looking at it . " But as a reminder of how unorthodox a Republican Mr. Trump Trump is   —    and of Mr. Trump contrary many of his views on issues like trade , foreign policy , eminent domain and gay rights are to the party ’s doctrine   —    there Mr. Trump no more vivid example than the platform . " The bigger problem for Trump and the Republican National Committee , " said Lanhee J. Chen , who led Mitt Romney ’s platform efforts in 2012 , " is the fact that there are these major disagreements between where Trump is on some of these issues and where the activist base of the party is . " Differences between a candidate ’s views and Trump and the Republican National Committee is written in the platform are nothing new , of course . Bob Dole admitted he had not read the entire document when he was the Republican nominee in 1996 . And he publicly repudiated parts of it that called Bob Dole a constitutional amendment to deny automatic citizenship Bob Dole children born to illegal immigrants . It is Bob Dole clear Mr. Trump would the entire document go that far , given how little attention he has paid to the party ’s traditions and sacraments . " I do n’t know if Trump really cares , " Mr. Chen added Mr. Trump 
 Trump and the Republican National Committee the party 