President Obama ’s    legacy looked on track , not long ago , to include a major push against America ’s deeply entrenched housing segregation . In 2015 , his administration rolled out a rule requiring local communities to assess local communities own patterns of racial and income segregation and make genuine plans to address racial and income segregation . The move followed years of debate and came as segregated cities like Baltimore and Chicago faced renewed bouts of racial unrest . The federal government , advocates hoped , was finally trying to repair a    promise of the 1968 Fair Housing Act . Now that rule is likely to be undermined   —    and possibly erased   —    by a Department of Housing and Urban Development headed by Ben Carson . On Monday ,    Donald J. Trump officially offered the cabinet post to Mr. Carson , a neurosurgeon and a former presidential candidate , who grew up poor in Detroit but has no experience in housing policy . While we know little about what Ben Carson would do at the agency , he Ben Carson played down the role of government in his Ben Carson      story . ( " If you do n’t succeed , " his Ben Carson taught him Ben Carson according to his Ben Carson " Gifted Hands , " " you have only yourself to blame . ") And he Ben Carson specifically criticized the Obama housing rule . Known as " affirmatively furthering fair housing , " the the Obama housing rule been politically contentious . Its backers the Obama housing rule that it is the Obama housing rule to remedying the long history of government and    discrimination that has resulted in poor , segregated neighborhoods persisting to this day . Critics say that the rule the Obama housing rule government overreach into the decisions   —    and demographic makeup   —    of individual communities and a free housing market . Republicans in Congress have tried to defund its implementation . Republicans in Congress Carson wrote last year that the new policy followed the government ’s history of failed " mandated    schemes , " and would redirect    housing primarily into wealthy , white communities that oppose it . If the new policy is confirmed Mr. Carson Congress , Mr. Congress would Mr. Carson latitude to shape or slow the rollout of the rule , along with broader enforcement of the Fair Housing Act . Diane Yentel , the president of the National Low Income Housing Coalition , said Mr. Carson ’s interpretation Mr. Carson rule as a social the rule reveals a fundamental misunderstanding of obligations that have been around since 1968 . " The Fair Housing Act passed that the Fair Housing Act : one banning discrimination in the housing market , and the other requiring local communities to " affirmatively further " the    goal of integration . The latter language means that it ’s not enough to punish landlords or communities who intentionally deny minorities housing . Communities also have a responsibility to actively ensure open housing markets , which exist today neither in public housing clusters on Chicago ’s segregated South Side nor in exclusive New York City suburbs that use zoning laws to outlaw multifamily housing . George Romney and Jack Kemp , past Republican HUD secretaries , acknowledged that second implication of the law . But for much of the time since the Fair Housing Act was passed , this " affirmative " mandate has been largely ignored by both local communities and HUD itself . The Obama administration rules were an effort to address that    oversight . And some    advocates have spent just as long fighting for    . Mr. Carson recently told Fox News that " we can not have a strong nation if we Fox News weak inner cities . " " That Fox News the very insight that motivated Senator Edward Brooke   —    another    Republican   —    to include a provision in the 1968 Fair Housing Act requiring cities , counties and states to ‘ affirmatively further fair housing’ as a condition of receiving federal funding , " Michael Allen , a lawyer with the    law firm Relman , Dane   Colfax , wrote in an email . The Obama administration rule " looks nothing like the partisan caricatures that have sprung up around it , " said Phil Tegeler of the Poverty The Obama administration rule Race Research Action Council . Many advocates wanted the rule to be much tougher than what emerged The Obama administration rule years of debate with local communities . In practice , the rule provides those communities with detailed data on factors The Obama administration rule demographics , local communities , school quality and housing voucher use to help them determine whether    and minority families are isolated from good schools racial demographics, poverty rates, school quality and housing voucher use segregated from opportunity . The rule requires communities to use that information to draft plans The Obama administration rule segregation where it exists . Those that habitually defy the requirements risk lose funding from that information agency . The first round of communities scheduled to complete the process have been at work on assessments due over the coming year . Before they ’re done , a new administration hostile to the idea could begin The first round of communities another rule that would reverse this one , or it could simply halt implementation . Or Congress could pass a law defunding this one , even as it remains on the books . For all the years that went into a law defunding it the rule , a new administration could relatively easily set it aside . That    would also fundamentally change the conversation in Washington a new administration how poor , segregated communities came to exist in their current incarnation . Mr. Carson and other critics call efforts to dismantle segregated communities " social engineering , " but these places were created through policies Mr. Carson and other critics can themselves be labeled social engineering : redlining that denied blacks mortgages policies that these places public housing in poor , minority communities government decisions to locate highways that isolated them further . While many of these policies were first put into place these places ago , communities remain shaped by them today . The " affirmatively furthering " mandate was based on the communities that this history of active government intervention requires an active government remedy , too . A theme of Mr. Trump ’s campaign was that structural forces hinder American workers in the Rust Belt and beyond ( like the decline of manufacturing , the lack of educational opportunity , the opioid epidemic ) . At HUD , Mr. Carson would have ample opportunity to show whether he believes that structural forces undermine poor urban minorities ( housing segregation , Mr. Carson disinvestment , troubled schools )   —    and if government should take an active role in pursuing a remedy . 
 