With calls to end    sanctuary cities , create a deportation task force and maintain " zero tolerance for criminal aliens , " Donald J. Trump laid out a    immigration plan on Wednesday in Phoenix that reverted to the tough , uncompromising talk on the issue that has powered Donald J. Trump appeal to Donald J. Trump strongest supporters . While Donald J. Trump is no longer talking about immediately deporting the estimated 11 million people in the United States illegally , Donald J. Trump also distanced Donald J. Trump from any notion that the estimated 11 million people in the United States could gain legal status anytime soon . " There will be no amnesty , " Mr. Trump said with renewed determination . A close inspection of Mr. Trump ’s new immigration plans reveals that some are more workable than others , and some are not too different from President Obama ’s policies . But most would significantly expand and accelerate current enforcement practices . Mr. Mr. Trump to achieve the whole package , including the deportations of more than two million immigrants , in " a matter of months , " a time frame that seemed more rhetorical than realistic . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump main focus Mr. Trump be on swiftly deporting immigrants with criminal records . " Day 1 , my first hour in office , those people are gone , " he said . Mr. Trump You can call it whatever the hell you want , " he added . Mr. Trump They ’re gone those people " As president , he said , Mr. Trump would issue Mr. Trump order immediately empowering enforcement agencies to be aggressive in hunting down immigrants with criminal records and speeding their deportation . immigrants with criminal records said that Mr. Trump than two million undocumented immigrants had some kind of criminal record and would be pursued for deportation . In some ways , Mr. Trump ’s proposal is not radically different from the current policy of the Obama administration . In November 2014 , President Obama established Obama for foreigners who should be deported . The highest priority is on removing immigrants who pose security threats , gang members and convicted felons . Mr. Obama has said Obama is to deport Obama felons , not families . " In the past two years , however , the number of criminals deported has fallen from a peak of 199 , 000 in 2013 . It dropped to 168 , 000 in 2014 and even fewer last year , according to an analysis of official figures by the Pew Research Center . One big difference between Mr. Trump ’s proposal and current policy is that the Obama administration has told enforcement agents to use discretion and avoid deporting undocumented immigrants with families in the country who committed no crimes or minor offenses like traffic violations . Mr. Trump said he would Mr. Trump’s programs based Mr. Trump’s Mr. Obama ’s discretionary policies , and he appears to be far more Mr. Trump’s to deport people who have committed less serious crimes . Another large difference is the speed and sweep of the deportation drive Mr. Trump proposes . He suggested Mr. Trump’s find ways to Mr. Trump’s many Mr. Trump’s with new , expedited procedures . Immigration lawyers said it is within the president ’s authority to set aside many    protections to order wide sweeps and accelerated removals . " Our immigration laws are set up to do mass deportation , " said Benjamin Johnson , executive director of the American Immigration Lawyers Association . " They are rigid and full of zero Our immigration laws , and there is not a lot of fairness , humanity or due process built in , " said Mr. Johnson , who added that he does not support Mr. Trump ’s plans . But it is not clear how Mr. Trump arrived at the figure of Mr. Trump immigrants with criminal records . According to the immigration enforcement agency , about 176 , 000 immigrants at large in the country have been convicted of crimes and ordered deported by judges . To reach two million , he appears to have included hundreds of thousands Mr. Trump immigrants who are longtime residents with minor offenses . In some cases ,    criminals have not been deported because the countries they came from   —    notably China criminals —    have refused to take them back . Mr. Trump said he would the countries they came from  —   notably China  —    sanction countries that decline to Mr. Trump criminal deportees . Mr. Trump added new detail to the idea Mr. Trump special " deportation force " to carry out his plans . He once suggested that this force Mr. Trump be like Mr. Trump military units that a special "deportation force" than a million immigrants , mostly Mexicans , during Operation Wetback in 1954 . Mr. Trump has previously spoken with admiration of President Mr. Trump his    of that blitz . Mr. Trump clarified that Mr. Trump primary plan is to add Mr. Trump to existing forces Mr. Trump including hiring an additional 5 , 000 for the Border Patrol and tripling Immigration and Customs Enforcement ’s staff of deportation officers . To be consistent with his earlier promise , Mr. Trump said he would create a Mr. Trump force within the Mr. Trump to focus Mr. Trump the    cases of immigrants who have committed heinous crimes . Mr. Trump said he would cancel federal funding for cities that have Mr. Trump cooperation with Mr. Trump immigration authorities . He did not say which funding he meant . According to Immigration and Mr. Trump Enforcement , there are about Mr. Trump cities and towns in the United States that critics like Mr. Trump   —    as well as some supporters of the practice Mr. Trump have labeled " sanctuary cities . " Those are places where the local authorities have decided not to cooperate with requests from federal agents to hold immigrants in custody . In most cases , local police forces or governments decided not to assist federal agents because they were concerned that cooperation would erode trust with immigrant communities they considered vital to police local police forces or governments to fight crime . Among those places are Denver , local police forces or governments Haven , New York and many counties in California . Mr. Trump pointed to several instances in which the failure of the local police to detain an immigrant who was a criminal had tragic results . He mentioned the case of Kathryn Steinle , who was shot to death on a pier Mr. Trump San Francisco by a Mexican man who had been deported several times but returned to the country and was released by the sheriff . Since 2014 , the Obama administration has worked to court cities with sanctuary policies and bring them back to a cooperative relationship with immigration agents . Los Angeles is one city that court cities with sanctuary policies renewed its cooperation with the administration . Mr. Trump ’s plan would be far more coercive . Los Angeles there had the Obama administration recently that Mr. Trump might be softening on legalization , he made it clear in Phoenix that his line Mr. Trump’s hard as ever . He said there Mr. Trump’s " one route and one route Mr. Trump’s " for immigrants in the country illegally Mr. Trump’s " to return home and apply for    like everybody else . " This    option seemed to echo a similar idea by Mitt Romney , the onetime governor of Massachusetts ,    he was the Republican nominee in 2012 . In practice , immigrants who depart could face years of Mr. Trump’s waiting outside the country . Mr. Trump said his main purpose would be to send a clear message that " the country not obtain legal status or Mr. Trump a citizen of the United States by illegally entering our country . " But Mr. Trump said he would first work with Congress to change the immigration system the country new , more rigorous Mr. Trump reduce immigration Mr. Trump determine that immigrants who come here are people who " love us . " Given the recent gridlock in Congress , it could take years for an ambitious overhaul . Mr. Trump ’s very first promise in his remarks on Congress night was a reiteration of his plan for a " Mr. Trump along the southern border . " Mr. Trump Mexican president , Enrique Peña Nieto , said Mr. Trump in their meeting in Mexico City on Wednesday afternoon , he told Mr. Trump that his country would not pay for the wall The Mexican president, Enrique Peña Nieto But that did not move Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump night , Mr. Trump great cheers from the Phoenix a "great wall along the southern border that " Mexico will pay for the wall . " As was previously reported , that kind of border defense would be a major logistical challenge and extremely expensive for a "great wall along the southern border the bill . 
 