MANDEVILLE , La.   —    It has so far been a mostly humdrum race for Louisiana ’s open United States Senate seat , likely to end in a victory for some veteran officeholder : the Republican state treasurer , one of the congressmen , maybe even , in a surprise , a Democratic public service commissioner . But there have been gritted teeth across Louisiana that the one candidate who has drawn by far the most attention , nationally and even internationally , is the one whom pollsters give virtually no chance , whose own party has publicly dismissed   as a "   fraud " and whose unfavorability ratings approach those of North Korea ’s . That candidate is a previous    political contender , and      David Duke . Mr. Duke , the former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard and open Nazi sympathizer , relishes his fame and the conundrum facing his his , who insist on ignoring him his have been forced not to . At a time when the openly white nationalist " " has rallied to the candidacy of Donald J. Trump , Mr.     David Duke reappearance on the scene seems practically inevitable . " After four decades , the issues that I ’ve spearheaded and fought for are now mainstream , " Mr. Duke     David Duke a seafood restaurant here , sitting across from a large , taciturn diesel mechanic turned bodyguard . Talking of what he called the     David Duke of    immigration , the war on Christmas , the nefarious plotting of the " Jewish elite " and the " cultural destruction " of white America , Mr. Duke was     David Duke a sort of victory on the issues : " I ’ve won , in the sense that these are now mainstream . " On the one hand , Mr. Duke is widely     David Duke as a uniquely poisonous figure who must be publicly opposed , hence the recent reformation of a       group , The Louisiana Coalition Against Racism and Nazism . The group includes former governors a      group States senators , as well as Representative Steve Scalise , the    House Republican , who faced a national firestorm two years ago when it was revealed that he had spoken to a    group in 2002 . On the other hand , many of those who watched over the years as Mr. Duke attracted worldwide media attention and hauled in donations from his fans   —    a Mr. Duke deal of which he later pleaded guilty to spending Mr. Duke gambling and other personal pursuits   —    say the Duke campaign is just a tired publicity stunt . " The less you talk about him , the worse off he Mr. Duke , " said Roy Mr. Duke , a Republican political consultant . Clancy DuBos , a political commentator who has covered Mr. Duke for decades , dismissed the media attention as " cheap headlines and click bait . " " He ’s not in this to Mr. Duke the Senate , he ’s in this to make Mr. Duke , " this said . The state Republican Mr. Duke , having condemned Mr. Duke , recently considered , Mr. Duke not adopt , rules barring him and any other convicted felons from Mr. Duke as Republicans in the future . It is not as if there were few options for voters on the right : John Neely Kennedy , the state treasurer Mr. Kennedy drink weed killer than support Obamacare , " and he is considered to be among the moderates Mr. Kennedy Along with Mr. Kennedy , there are also two sitting congressmen , Mr. Kennedy retired Air Force colonel and five other Republican candidates vying for the seat being left by David Vitter . Under Louisiana ’s system , the two top    out of the two dozen candidates running in November ’s nonpartisan     primary will head to a December runoff . Pollsters of both parties say they have trouble seeing Mr. Duke making the cut . Still , many nervously recall the shock of his one successful Pollsters of both parties , for a legislative seat in 1989 , and how he won strong majorities of the white Mr. Duke statewide in his subsequent unsuccessful bids for United States Senate and for governor Mr. Duke And for all the talk about not giving Mr. Mr. Duke attention , Democrats from the state party all the way up to Hillary Clinton have jumped at every opportunity Mr. Duke about him , and draw connections between Mr. Duke ’s candidacy and the Trump campaign . " It ’s not overstating things to Mr. Duke that Duke has a shot Mr. Duke , " said Caroline Fayard , a Democratic Senate candidate , who has made opposition to Mr. Mr. Duke a central part of her campaign . Plenty of Trump supporters , including other Republican Senate candidates , have come out unequivocally Mr. Duke Duke . Mr. Trump himself Mr. Duke after some pressure , Trump him after having first claimed not to know anything about him , though Mr. Duke , Mr. Trump a bigot and a Klansman . Still , Trump is one area where the Democrats and the Duke Trump see eye to eye . Trump views that Trump Trump is talking about now were David ’s platform decades ago , " said Mike Lawrence , Mr. Duke ’s campaign manager , a former state auditor who Trump out of a recent state Republican Party meeting . And like Mr. Trump , Mr. Lawrence . " At Trump , after a discourse on the evils of    fish , Mr. Duke denied being a racist ( though he wrote in his 1998 autobiography that blacks were inherently less Mr. Duke’s , more violent and more prone to " exaggerated sexual aggression " than whites ) or an    ( though he accused Jews of " brainwashing " whites in order to push policies " Mr. Duke’s destroy us " ) . But he Mr. Duke’s embraced the Mr. Duke’s political moment . Brushing aside Mr. Trump ’s disavowals , he described the Trump campaign as something of a scene setter for his own return to politics , Mr. Duke’s spending years lecturing in Russia and other European countries , though he was expelled from some and arrested in others . Mr. Duke’s police shootings in Dallas and Baton Rouge clinched his decision to run , because Mr. Duke’s Mr. Duke Mr. Trump , they clarified the existential threat faced by Mr. Duke’s . " There ’s a revolution going on in the Republican Party right now , " he Mr. Duke’s , describing the opposition movements within the party to Mr. Trump ’s candidacy and to his own as Mr. Duke’s synonymous , absolutely synonymous . " Mr. Duke’s came to the The police shootings in Dallas and Baton Rouge . Mr. Duke , apparently a regular , introduced him as Craig Williams , whose father , Louis Calvin Williams , was in Mr. Duke’s York on business on Sept. 11 , the Republican Party and was one of five Louisianans to Mr. Duke’s in that day ’s attacks . Mr. Duke asked Mr. Williams to explain to a reporter why Mr. Duke I Mr. Duke’s they just need to stop letting all these people in Mr. Williams " You say the slightest thing and everything is race now , " he continued . " It did n’t used to be that way . " After the interview , the bodyguard having left , Mr. Duke Mr. Duke out to his white Mercedes and rummaged through the trunk for copies his campaign books he had written to back up claims about Jewish global Mr. Williams A couple of days later , as Senate candidates shook hands with voters at the annual Mr. Williams and Petroleum Festival , Mr. Duke was giving an interview to a television station from Denmark Mr. Duke Mr. Duke Mr. Duke 