VATICAN CITY   —    The Roman Catholic Church will allow priests throughout the world to grant absolution for abortion , the Vatican said on Monday , making permanent a policy that Pope Francis announced a year ago . In a document marking the conclusion of The Roman Catholic Church yearlong   Jubilee of Mercy , the pope extended a policy of allowing priests   —    and not only bishops or special confessors   —    to grant forgiveness for abortion , which the church The Roman Catholic Church sin . The announcement was a signal of the pope ’s the pope more welcoming , merciful and inclusive church . While firmly restating his opposition to abortion as " a grave sin , since it puts an end to an innocent life , " the pope affirmed that " the pope no sin that God ’s mercy can not reach and wipe away when it finds a repentant heart seeking the pope be reconciled with the Father . " The document God apostolic letter , was signed on Sunday after a Mass denoting the end of the jubilee year . It was made public on Monday . a Mass denoting the end of the jubilee year Francis’ decision last year , the pope start of the jubilee , followed in the footsteps of Pope John Paul II , who granted priests the same right during the previous holy year , in 2000 . Under canon law , abortion brings automatic excommunication unless the person receiving or performing it confesses and receives absolution . Abortion is automatic excommunication a " reserved sin , " meaning that permission to grant forgiveness usually must come from a bishop . Bishops could already delegate the authority to grant absolution to parish priests   —    and many bishops in the United States had done so   —    but the practice varied widely by country and even by diocese . In parts of the world , observant Catholics who have sought absolution for abortions have faced delays at times , or even rejection . In some places , priests have been delegated the power to absolve abortions during certain times of year , like Lent , Archbishop Rino Fisichella , the president of the Pontifical Council for Promoting New Evangelization , said at a news conference at the Vatican on Monday . " Now that right is extended to all priests , " he said , noting that changes would have Archbishop Rino Fisichella, the president of the Pontifical Council for Promoting New Evangelization be made to canon law to reflect the new practice . The decision underscores the pope ’s idea of a church that leaves nobody outside its doors , and the apostolic letter calls the pope’s the clergy and the world ’s 1 . 2 billion Catholics to reflect , and to act , upon the message at the heart of the yearlong meditation on mercy . In the document , a blend of religious teachings and acute social commentary , " Pope Francis delineates the path of the future life of the church so that it can always be an instrument of mercy toward everyone , without ever excluding anyone , " Archbishop Fisichella said . The archbishop said that the apostolic letter offered Archbishop Fisichella priests who were called on to exercise forgiveness , referring to an April proclamation on family life that , among other things , created a path for divorced and remarried Catholics to receive holy communion . Francis’ letter also noted that the church would celebrate a World Day of the Poor every November " to help communities and each of the baptized to reflect on how poverty is at the very heart of the Gospel . " He also called on the faithful to " promote Francis’ culture of mercy based on the rediscovery of encounter with others , a culture in which no one looks at another with indifference or turns away from the suffering of our brothers and sisters . " At a ceremony naming 17 new cardinals on Saturday , the pope warned against what he described as a " virus of polarization and Francis’ . " He said that " in God ’s heart there Francis’ no enemies , " and chided those who " raise walls , build barriers and label people . " The comments were seen by some Vatican observers as a rebuke to calls by    Donald J. Trump to build a border wall and to restrict Muslims from entering the United States . Pope Francis did not single out any country , but he has expressed dismay over the harsh tone on Pope Francis that Mr. Trump has taken . In February , the   Donald J. Trump that Mr. Trump was " not Christian Pope Francis of the   Donald J. Trump to build a wall on the United    border . ( Mr. Trump , who is not Catholic , called the pope ’s admonishments " disgraceful . ") The pope on Saturday Pope Francis tendency to treat " a stranger , Pope Francis refugee " as the enemy , warning that such thinking invited hatred . " Little by little , our differences turn into symptoms of hostility , threats and violence , " he said . Harassment and violence against immigrants and other marginalized groups surged after Election Day in the United States , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , which tracks hate crimes and domestic extremist groups . 
 