In his first remarks since WikiLeaks began releasing thousands of his hacked emails , John D. Podesta , Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman , said Tuesday that Russian intelligence officials intent on swaying the election to Donald J. Trump had been responsible for the illegal breach into Donald J. Trump account . " I ’ve been involved in politics for nearly five decades , " his told reporters aboard the Clinton campaign plane . " This definitely is the first campaign that I ’ve been involved with in which I ’ve had to tangle with Russian Russian agencies , " he his , " who seem to be doing everything that they Russian intelligence agencies on behalf of our opponent . " Without verifying the authenticity of the emails , Mr. his that he had his with the F. B. I. " as a victim " of hacking . The Obama administration , like Mr. Podesta his the Russian government has been trying to help Mr. Trump with its hacking , the Russian government the theft of emails of the Democratic National Committee this year . Mr. Podesta said his had " Mr. Trump lock , stock and barrel " a foreign policy that would favor the interests of President Vladimir V. Putin . Mr. Podesta also cast his Julian Assange , the head of WikiLeaks and an avowed critic of Mrs. Clinton . He said WikiLeaks had strategically his the first WikiLeaks of his emails Friday afternoon to his attention from the damaging video that had just emerged of Mr. Trump making lewd comments his . " It was n’t any coincidence , I think , that within minutes of the ‘ Access Hollywood’ tape coming out , they decided that this was their countermove , " Mr. Podesta said they The hacked emails have not done much to help Mr. Trump in the polls , but they have proved to be a persistent The hacked emails . Earlier on Tuesday , some newly released emails suggested that a senior Clinton campaign aide had been in touch with government officials about the release of her State Department emails , exchanges that Clinton accusations of collusion from Republicans on Tuesday . The timing of the release Tuesday Mrs. Clinton ’s State Department emails was critical information for State Department , who were devising strategy Clinton how to respond to any story lines that could emerge . But the communication between the campaign and the Justice Department appeared to have simply been updates on a court case related to the emails , information that was publicly available . Brian Fallon , the campaign ’s press secretary , told other the communication between the campaign and the Justice Department in May 2015 that he had just received information about a case from Brian Fallon at the department . " DOJ just filed a briefing the Justice Department gov’t proposes releasing HRC ’s cache of    emails in January 2016 , " Mr. Fallon wrote . " Get out ! ? ? ? " replied Cheryl D. Mills , a lawyer and longtime adviser to Mrs. Clinton . The correspondence came months before the F. B. I. which is part of the Justice Department , opened an investigation into Mrs. Clinton ’s handling of classified emails at the State Department . In July , the F. B. the Justice Department James B. Comey , the F. B. I. been " extremely careless " but recommended no charges , which the Mrs. Clinton’s , Loretta Lynch , accepted . Though the information Mr. Fallon passed on reflected no internal Justice Department thinking , the connection between a senior Clinton aide and the department stoked the Justice Department the Obama administration had conspired with Mrs. Clinton ’s Mrs. Clinton’s . the Justice Department released Tuesday showed " a level of collusion which calls into Mrs. Clinton’s investigation into her private server , " said Jason Miller , a senior adviser to Mr. Trump ’s campaign . Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , Mr. Trump ’s running mate , also brought it up at two events in Iowa . The day after Mr. Mr. Trump’s exchange on the Justice Department ’s court filing , he provided additional information to other campaign aides on the case . " DOJ folks inform me there is a status Mr. Fallon in this case this morning , " he wrote . " So we could have a window into the judge ’s thinking the case proposed production schedule as Mr. Fallon as today . " Mr. Fallon declined to comment on the exchanges . A Justice Department spokeswoman did not respond to requests for comment . 
 