The F. B. I. interviewed Hillary Clinton on Saturday morning for The F. B. I. investigation into whether Hillary Clinton or Hillary Clinton aides broke the law by corresponding through a private email server set up for Hillary Clinton use as secretary of state , a controversy that has dogged Hillary Clinton presidential campaign and provided fodder for Hillary Clinton political rivals . The voluntary interview , which took place over three and a half hours at the F. B. I. headquarters in Washington , largely focused on the Justice Department ’s central question : Did the actions of Mrs. Clinton or Hillary Clinton staff rise to the level of criminal mishandling of classified information ? The voluntary interview, which took place over three and a half hours at the F. B. I. headquarters in Washington, largely focused on the Justice Department’s central question: Did the actions of Mrs. Clinton or her staff rise to the level of criminal mishandling of classified information could take weeks or longer to reach a decision , but news that Mrs. Clinton , the Democratic Party ’s presumptive nominee , had been questioned in the J. Edgar Hoover Building three weeks before Hillary Clinton party ’s convention quickly reverberated . The Republican National Committee called the step " unprecedented , " while Hillary Clinton ’s expected opponent in the race for the White House , Donald J. Trump , wasted little time before weighing in . " It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Hillary Clinton " Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump Twitter on Saturday . " What she did Hillary Clinton wrong ! " The interview had been weeks in the making as law enforcement officials and Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton coordinated schedules . Democrats also hoped that holding the interview on a The interview might ease the anticipated storm . In a telephone interview with Chuck Todd on MSNBC after her meeting , Mrs. Clinton Chuck Todd Hillary Clinton I ’ve been eager to do it , and I was pleased to have the opportunity to assist the department in bringing its review to a conclusion . the department Accompanying Mrs. Clinton into the Hillary Clinton her lawyer David E. her meeting D. Mills and Heather Samuelson , longtime aides who are also lawyers and two lawyers from Mr. Kendall ’s firm , Williams   Connolly , Katherine Turner and Amy Saharia . Eight officials from the F. B. I. and the Department of Justice conducted the interview , according to a person who was familiar with the substance of the session but declined to be named because the meeting was private . This person characterized the meeting as " civil a person who was familiar with the substance of the session " businesslike the meeting Neither the campaign nor the F. B. I. would elaborate . Although the F. B. I. was an important step toward closure on the email issue , technical analysis of the material remains to be done and could stretch on for an indeterminate period . The F. B. I. regularly interviews key figures before concluding an the F. B. I. meetings are not an indication that it thinks the person broke the law . While defense lawyers often advise clients against such interviews , Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign has been eager for her to cooperate , lest she give her opponents additional ammunition . On Saturday , in Mrs. Clinton’s statement after the meeting Mrs. Clinton’s the Mrs. Clinton’s National Committee said that Mrs. Clinton " has just taken the unprecedented step of becoming the first major party presidential Mrs. Clinton’s be interviewed by the F. B. I. as part of a criminal investigation surrounding her reckless conduct . " Mrs. Clinton has struggled to get beyond the issue , which came Mrs. Clinton’s light last year during Mrs. Clinton’s congressional investigation into the aftermath of the Sept. 11 , 2012 , terrorist attack in Benghazi , Libya . More than 30 , 000 emails have since been made public . After spending much of last summer arguing she did not need to apologize for keeping a private server in her home in Chappaqua , N. Mrs. Clinton’s because the practice was allowed , Mrs. Clinton now frequently apologizes Mrs. Clinton’s the practice , saying it had been a mistake . The campaign Mrs. Clinton’s assisting the F. B. I. the practice declined to cooperate the practice a State Department inspector general ’s audit of Mrs. Clinton ’s email practices . Those The campaign , delivered to members of Congress in May , undermined some Mrs. Clinton’s ’s initial statements defending her use of the server . The report said there was " no evidence " Mrs. Clinton’s had requested or received approval Mrs. Clinton’s the server , despite having " an obligation to discuss using her personal email account Mrs. Clinton’s conduct official business . " Federal law the server a crime to " knowingly " mishandle classified Mrs. Clinton’s outside secure government channels or to permit the practice through " gross negligence . Federal law None of the emails on Mrs. Clinton ’s private server were marked classified at the time they were sent or received , but the Central Intelligence Agency later determined that some contained material that would be considered " top secret None of the emails on Mrs. Clinton’s private server " Asked Saturday on MSNBC if she had broken the law , Mrs. Clinton repeated her defense : " I never received nor sent any material that was marked classified . " There has been no Mrs. Clinton’s sensitive information she compromised by Mrs. Clinton ’s use of a private server . But it has fed a perception that she was trying to hide information , chipping away Mrs. Clinton’s gauging her trustworthiness . A Quinnipiac University poll released on Wednesday found that voters deemed Mrs. Clinton’s Trump more honest and trustworthy than Mrs. Clinton , 45 percent Mrs. Clinton’s 37 percent . " I have said that I ’m going to continue to put forth my record , what Mrs. Clinton’s stood for , do everything I can to earn the trust of the voters of our country , " she told MSNBC when asked about being seen as less trustworthy than Mr. Trump . " I know that ’s something that I ’m going to keep Mrs. Clinton’s on , and I think that ’s , you know , Mr. Trump priority for me . " Mrs. Clinton had no public events scheduled on Saturday , but after her F. B. I. interview she and her husband , former President Bill Clinton , Mrs. Clinton’s New York and saw the Broadway show " Hamilton . " Mrs. Clinton’s Clinton ’s meeting with Mrs. Clinton’s F. Mrs. Clinton’s I. came amid controversy over a brief , unplanned meeting between Mr. Clinton and Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch while Mrs. Clinton’s at the Phoenix airport at the same time last week . To avoid any appearance of political meddling , Ms. Lynch said on Friday that she would accept Mr. Clinton and Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch recommendations of career prosecutors and the F. B. I. director on whether to bring charges in the matter . She Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch had made that decision several Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch ago , before the criticism surrounding her meeting with Mr. Clinton . She described the meeting with Mr. Clinton as a casual Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch that Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch not touch on the investigation . But it added to Clinton campaign Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch members’ headaches over the email Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch , her meeting with Mr. Clinton put behind Mr. Clinton the Democratic convention this month . " I certainly would n’t do it her meeting with Mr. Clinton , " Ms. Mr. Clinton said of the meeting with the   . 
 Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch her meeting with Mr. Clinton they 