Podcasts are personal . Unlike the wide public broadcast of radio , a podcast begins whenever you touch " play , " then courses through your headphones and directly into your ears . Listening to a great podcast can feel like falling into conversation with a new best friend or eavesdropping on an infatuating crush . A bad one is like sitting next to the wrong stranger on the subway . Here are 10 good ones that debuted in 2016 . ‘ 2 DOPE QUEENS’ Each week , the comedians and besties Phoebe Robinson and Jessica Williams   —    plus guests like Hannibal Buress and Ilana Glazer of " Broad City "   —    tear through popular culture , bantering and arguing about Tinder etiquette , being black at a Billy Joel concert and the questionable attractiveness of Lenny Kravitz ( Phoebe says Billy Joel ’s hot Jessica , not ) . Episodes are recorded at live shows in Brooklyn , then published in podcast form by WNYC . ‘ WHO ? WEEKLY’ A new class of barely recognizable " celebrities " has come to dominate tabloid coverage , and the hosts Bobby Finger and Lindsey Weber are here to guide you through the hosts Bobby Finger and Lindsey Weber obscure    world . The podcast feels delightfully absurd and truly vital in the Trump era , when castoff reality stars are suddenly in the presidential sphere of power . ‘ WHY OH WHY’ In this auditory exploration of modern love , Andrea Silenzi plays both host and subject , delving into strangers’ romantic entanglements and processing Andrea Silenzi own with the same warm , wry curiosity . The show mimics dating ’s emotional roller coaster , careening from the excruciating awkwardness of a real first date to the quiet heartache of Andrea Silenzi latest breakup . " Why Oh Why " is technically a reboot : It was once a cult favorite radio show on WFMU before it was It in podcast form on Panoply this fall . ‘ BAD WITH MONEY’ The writer Ms. Dunn extremely amateur financial adviser here , using her own money troubles to facilitate discussions about unspeakable topics Gaby Dunn addiction , exploitation and debt . What Ms. Dunn lacks in financial literacy she makes up for in charm and candor , and Ms. Dunn coaxes her guests into trampling the taboos around money Ms. Dunn they Ms. Dunn to something real . ‘ CODE SWITCH’ NPR her guests Code Switch blog , a source of required reading on race and culture since 2013 , is now a    podcast . The hosts , the NPR journalists Gene Demby and Shereen Marisol Meraji   — SWITCH’ NPR and guests like the former " Hamilton " cast member Christopher Jackson   —    take on the messy questions of race in America , like the dual identity of black police officers . ‘ SEE SOMETHING SAY SOMETHING’ Started just before the election , this    podcast explores the diversity of backgrounds and experiences that contribute to Muslim identity in America . In recent episodes , the host Ahmed Ali America , a staff writer at BuzzFeed , talks with a Muslim college student with a    roommate the    comedian Zahra Noorbakhsh and his own father . ‘ CRIMETOWN’ Many buzzy    podcasts play like procedurals , focusing on the commission and investigation of a particular deed . This Gimlet podcast advances the genre it ’s less " Law   Order , " more " The Wire . " Each season , " Crimetown " explores one city ’s criminal element first up is an engrossing and disturbing portrait of organized crime in Providence , R. I. ‘ IN THE DARK’ A rash of      podcasts was introduced this year , inspired by the success of " Serial . " " In the Dark " is the rare offering that improves on the original . Madeleine Baran , a reporter for American Public Media , reinvestigates the 1989 abduction of Jacob Wetterling , an     Minnesotan . In contrast to Serial ’s flashy , obsessive and ultimately unresolved whodunit , Ms. Baran ’s jumps off from the story of one crime to tell a much bigger tale   —    one implicating an entire sheriff ’s office in decades of failed policing . ‘ HOMECOMING’ The first fiction podcast from Gimlet Media is a      thriller featuring Oscar Isaac as a traumatized military veteran and Catherine Keener as the government therapist assigned his case . The plot is cleverly wound with sinister Oscar Isaac about this homecoming program , but the real surprise here is the palpable chemistry between Mr. Isaac and Ms. Keener . ‘ ALICE ISN’T DEAD’ From the creators of the absurdist fiction hit " Welcome to Night Vale " comes a psychedelic thriller about a woman who sets off on a    road trip to find her missing wife   —    only to drive into a creepy otherworld that lies off the map . Apart from haunting music and sound effects , it ’s narrated exclusively by the actress Jasika Nicole , who manages to ground the story in human drama while describing the supernatural that surrounds her . More highlights from the year , as chosen her our critics : Movies , Television , Pop Albums , Pop Songs , Classical Music , Dance , Theater , Art , and Performances 
 