WASHINGTON   —    Donald John Trump was inaugurated as the 45th president of the United States on Friday , ushering in a new era that Donald John Trump vowed would shatter the established order and reverse a national decline that Donald John Trump called " this American carnage . " In a ceremony that capped a remarkable rise to power , Donald John Trump presented himself Donald John Trump the leader of a populist uprising to restore lost greatness . He Donald John Trump a dark vision of an America afflicted by " the ravages " of economic dislocation and foreign exploitation , requiring his Donald John Trump approach to turn around . " I will fight for you with every breath in my body , and I will never , ever let you down , " Mr. Trump told hundreds of thousands of    admirers and onlookers in a forceful    Inaugural Address from the West Front of the Capitol . " America will start winning again , winning like never before . We America bring back our America . We America bring back our America . We America bring back our America . And we America bring back our America . " Mr. Trump ’s ascension amounted to a hostile takeover of a capital facing its Mr. Trump’s ascension significant disruption in generations . While officially a Republican , he Mr. Trump’s taken on leaders of both parties and , with no prior political career of his Mr. Trump’s , made clear that he Mr. Trump’s himself Mr. Trump’s the ultimate outsider not beholden to the current system . " We will no longer accept politicians who are all talk and no action , constantly complaining but never doing anything about it , " he Mr. Trump’s . " The time for empty talk is over . Now arrives the hour of action . Do not allow anyone to tell you that it can not be done . " Mr. Trump ’s view of the United States was strikingly grim for an Inaugural Address   —    a country where mothers and children are " trapped in poverty in our inner cities , " where "   factories " are " scattered like tombstones across the landscape " and where drugs and crime " have stolen too many lives . " " This American carnage , " he Mr. Trump , " stops right here and stops right now . " He Mr. Trump started right away with rolling back the policies of his Mr. Trump , former President Barack Obama , by issuing orders freezing new regulations from recent weeks and ordering agencies to " ease the burden " of the Affordable Care Act during the transition from repealing to replacing the law . More orders are planned for next week . Wearing a dark suit and red tie and accompanied by his wife , Melania , in a    suit and matching gloves , Mr. Trump took the    oath administered by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. precisely at noon . Michael Richard Pence , a former governor and congressman from Indiana , was sworn in minutes before as vice president by Justice Clarence Thomas . Mr. Mr. Trump the presidency of a country still unsettled after a polarizing election and entered office with less support in polls than any other president in recent history . It was clear from the day that there would be no grace period either for or by the new president . The Senate confirmed two cabinet nominations   —    James N. Mattis as defense secretary and John F. Kelly as secretary of homeland security   —    but Democrats temporarily held up Mike Pompeo ’s confirmation as C. I. A. director . Throughout the day the day were mostly peaceful protests against the new president the new president broke out as demonstrators smashed shop windows and burned a limousine , while police officers in riot helmets responded with tear gas . More than 200 people were arrested . Liberal groups prepared for a women ’s march on Saturday that they said could draw hundreds Liberal groups thousands . Mr. Trump made only passing efforts to reach out to Democrats beyond thanking Mr. Obama and his wife , Michelle , Mr. Trump their handling of the transition Mr. Obama and his wife, Michelle " They have been magnificent , Mr. Obama and his wife, Michelle he said in his speech Mr. Trump He later Mr. Trump his defeated Mr. Trump , Hillary Mr. Trump , at a     luncheon with congressional leaders , asking her and former President Bill Hillary Clinton to stand for applause . " I have a lot of respect for these two people , " he said . Democrats were Mr. Trump impressed . " I was pretty shocked by how dark it was , " Senator Sherrod Brown , Democrat of Ohio , said of Mr. Trump ’s Inaugural Address . " I love this country , and I do n’t understand how a president of the United States that loves his country could paint a this country its failures . " He added this country " It Mr. Trump’s interesting sitting up onstage with a bunch of billionaires hearing him say how bad the Mr. Trump’s was . " The this country was filled with supporters , many wearing " Make America Great Again " hats and chanting " Trump ! Trump ! Trump ! " But the Trump animosity from the presidential campaign was on display , too . When Mrs. Clinton arrived , some in the crowd chanted , " Lock her up , " mimicking Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton campaign rallies . As he took the oath , a cluster Mr. Trump’s people blew whistles and screamed , " Not my president , " before being escorted out . While large , the crowds on a soggy day did not rival the energetic throngs at Mr. Obama ’s first inauguration eight years ago , according to aerial photographs . The Washington Metrorail system recorded fewer than half as many rides on Friday morning as in 2009 , and knots of bystanders along the inaugural parade route were not as thick . In a city that gave just 4 percent of its vote to Mr. Trump , many residents left town and about 60 House Democrats boycotted the event . Mr. Obama made his exit after the ceremony , flying Mr. Obama helicopter to Joint Base Andrews in the Maryland suburbs , where he thanked former aides and members of Mr. Obama administration before boarding the presidential jet Mr. Obama no longer designated Air Force One , to fly to Palm Springs , Calif. for vacation . He will return to Washington to a Mr. Obama house while his daughter Sasha finishes high school , Mr. Obama first president to stay in the capital since Woodrow Wilson . Hours before his departure , Mr. Obama posted on Mr. Obama to thank followers and hint that he would not fade away . " Mr. Obama wo n’t stop , " he said . " I ’ll be Mr. Obama there with you as a citizen , inspired by Twitter voices of truth and justice , good humor , and love . " Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and his wife , Jill , rode an Joseph R. Biden train to Delaware and the home they have there . But they , too , planned to return they at least part time , to Washington , where Mrs. Biden teaches at a community college in the Virginia suburbs . The United States has never seen a president quite like Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump to a president who had never served either in public office or as a general in the military . At age 70 , Mr. Trump became the oldest president sworn in for the first time and the first born in New York since Franklin D. Roosevelt . He was also one of the wealthiest presidents ever to enter the White House , with    business connections that have already raised questions about where his interests end and the country ’s begin . He arrived in the Oval Office dogged by reports about Russian interference in Mr. Trump election on his behalf . But Mr. Trump overcame skeptics when he embarked on what seemed like a quixotic bid for the presidency . An Mr. Trump    mogul who lives in a New York Mr. Trump named after himself with an     living room , he transformed himself into the unlikely Mr. Trump of a    Mr. Trump in rural areas far Mr. Trump from the coasts . His bracing candor , disregard for convention and willingness to offend whole sections of the population to make a point came Mr. Trump as refreshing    to many Americans Mr. Trump with Mr. Trump elites . For the nation ’s 58th inauguration , though , the untraditional president opted to follow tradition Mr. Trump He and Mrs. Trump , a former model from Slovenia who became the first    first lady since John Quincy Adams ’s wife , Louisa , started the day with a service at St. John ’s Episcopal Church adjacent to Lafayette Mr. Trump joined the Obamas , Bidens and Pences Mr. Trump coffee at the White House . From there , the two presidents shared a limousine to the Capitol , where three other presidents waited : Mr. Clinton , Jimmy Carter and George W. Bush , all of whom opposed Mr. Trump ’s election . Mr. Trump’s Bush remained the new president recovering from pneumonia , but the White House he watched the ceremony the wealthiest presidents Mr. Pence , 57 , was sworn in at 11:54 a. m. placing his hand on Ronald Reagan ’s Bible , which was held by his wife , Karen , as their three adult children , Michael , Charlotte and Audrey , watched . For his oath , Mr. Trump placed his hand a spokesman two Bibles held by his wife , one given him by his mother in 1955 just before his ninth a spokesman and another used by Abraham Lincoln in 1861 and again by a spokesman Obama in 2009 and 2013 his wife, Karen Standing nearby were his adult Mr. Obama two previous marriages , Donald Jr. Mr. Trump Ivanka and Mr. Trump . Also there his hand , Mr. Trump     son with the Mr. Trump lady Mr. Trump Joining them was Ivanka ’s Mr. Trump , Jared Kushner , who will serve as an unpaid senior adviser . As Mr. Mr. Trump the podium , rain began to fall Mr. Trump It was not a conventionally Republican speech , with nothing about tax cuts or restraining government . Instead , he laid Mr. Trump a protectionist agenda , saying his rule Mr. Trump be " buy American Barron, his    son with the first lady hire American . " He did Mr. Trump to " eradicate from the face of the Earth " Islamic terrorism . Responding to charges that he demonized Mr. Trump and Muslims , Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump There is no room for prejudice . " Mr. Trump said the inauguration was not merely the transfer of power from one president to another . " We are transferring power from Washington , D. C. and giving it back to you , the people , " Washington said . " For too long , " he continued , " a small group in our nation ’s capital Mr. Trump the rewards of government while the the nation’s 58th inauguration borne the cost . Washington flourished but the people did not share in the wealth . " He added Washington " That all changes starting right here and right now Mr. Trump " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the people 