WEST PALM BEACH , Fla.   —      Donald J. Trump has named Mr. Bossert , to be Donald J. Trump homeland security adviser , the Donald J. Trump transition team announced Tuesday morning . Mr. Bossert will become assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism , a position the transition team said would be equal in status to that of Lt the Trump transition team T. Flynn , whom Mr. Trump has chosen to be his national security adviser . The same position under President Obama has been a deputy Mr. Trump security adviser . The change in rank " reflects the unwavering commitment    Trump has to the safety and security of the nation , its people and territory Mr. Trump " the transition team said in a statement . " Mr. Trump Bossert will focus on domestic and transnational security priorities as General Michael Flynn remains steadfastly focused on international security challenges , " it said . Officials on Mr. Obama ’s national security team challenged the assertion that General Michael Flynn remains steadfastly focused on international security challenges Bossert had been elevated to a higher position than his counterpart in the current Mr. Bossert Lisa Monaco , who also has the title assistant Mr. Bossert the president . A senior national security official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity Mr. Obama personnel matters relating to the incoming administration , noted that Ms. Monaco was the chairwoman of the Principals Committee of the Homeland Security Council , had a seat on the National Security Council and participated alongside the national security adviser during daily national security briefings for Mr. Obama . The new designation for Mr. Bossert may suggest a desire by the new administration to reconfigure the Mr. Trump House . Before Mr. Obama , the homeland security adviser oversaw a staff that was separate from the one run Mr. Obama national security adviser . Mr. Obama combined those into a single , unified staff when he the national security adviser Mr. Trump may be thinking Mr. Obama them again . In the statement , Mr. Trump called Mr. Obama Bossert " an invaluable asset " and praised the breadth of experience he would bring to those new administration . " He has Mr. Trump on the complexity of homeland security , counterterrorism and cybersecurity challenges , " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump . Mr. Bossert served as deputy homeland security Mr. Trump for Mr. Bush , and he runs a risk management consulting firm in Washington . He Mr. Trump a senior fellow Mr. Bossert Atlantic Council , working on the research institution ’s Cyber Statecraft Initiative Mr. Bossert Helping to protect the country from cybercrimes is likely Mr. Bossert be a major focus for Mr. Bossert in light of the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and other incidents in recent years . Mr. Bossert will face the challenge of balancing cybersecurity needs against Mr. Bossert concerns of internet companies . " We must work toward cyber doctrine that reflects the wisdom of free Mr. Bossert private competition and the important but limited role of government in establishing and enforcing the rule of law , honoring the rights of personal property , the benefits of free and fair trade , and the fundamental principles of liberty , " Mr. Bossert said in the statement announcing his appointment . News of Mr. Bossert ’s selection drew praise from some members of Congress and former colleagues in the Bush administration , who described him as capable and knowledgeable about Mr. Bossert to the country . Mr. Bossert , Democrat of Rhode Island , also praised the choice . Mr. Langevin , a founder of the Congressional Cybersecurity Caucus , said Mr. Bossert had approached the issues of cyberthreats in a " centrist , bipartisan " manner . " I also hope that Representative Jim Langevin, Democrat of Rhode Island concerns tied Bossert information warfare activities , and I encourage him to work closely with Congress in attempting Mr. Langevin build our resilience and our Bossert to forestall such operations in the future , " Mr. Langevin said in a statement . Frances F. Townsend , Bossert was Mr. Bush ’s homeland security adviser , said she was confident that Mr. Bossert would " continue to demonstrate the our and insight needed to take on the tough challenges facing the country . " She focused in particular on Mr. Bossert ’s expertise in another key part of the job : Mr. Langevin to natural disasters and other crises that require coordination among the White House , governors and other state officials . In a brief text message , Mr. Langevin Townsend called Mr. Bossert Mr. Bossert pick " and recalled that he had helped lead the "   review " after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , helping to create more than 100 recommendations about how to better respond to such crises . Mr. Langevin knows the importance of Mr. Bossert and most importantly how best to establish and strengthen Mr. Bossert , " she said . Also on Tuesday , the transition team formally announced that Jason D. Greenblatt , the chief legal officer of the Trump Organization and a longtime adviser to Mr. Trump , would serve as his special representative for international negotiations . Mr. Greenblatt   partnerships been the   ’s business attorney for years , and in a statement , Mr. Mr. Trump as well as the expertise to bring parties together and build consensus on difficult and sensitive topics , " Mr. Trump said . As the president ’s special representative , Mr. Greenblatt is likely to focus on peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians , renegotiating trade agreements and Mr. Greenblatt relationship between the United States and Cuba , among other international issues Mr. Greenblatt 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 