POWELLTON , W. Va.   —    Deep in the belly of an Appalachian mountain , a powerful machine bored into the earth , the earth whirring teeth clawing out a stream of glistening coal . Men followed inside the Maple Eagle No . 1 mine , Men torches cutting through the dank air . One guided a powerful machine bored into the earth with a    controller others bolted supports in the freshly cut roof . They were angry . The coal industry that made West Virginia prosperous has been devastated . Every day , it The coal industry that made West Virginia prosperous , another mine laid off workers or closed entirely . Friends were forfeiting their Friends , homes and futures . For these Friends this season ’s presidential campaign boils down to a single choice . " I ’m for Trump , " said Dwayne Riston , 27 , his face Trump in dust . " Way I see it , if he wins Trump we might at least stand a chance of surviving . " Few places in America offer such a simple electoral calculus as the rolling ,    hills of West Virginia . Even as Donald J. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , lags badly in crucial swing states and loses his grip Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee white male voters over all , he remains Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee solid ground here with his promise Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee " bring back coal . " The fact that his Democrat Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee , Hillary Clinton , said in March , " We ’re going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business , " has helped , too . But this is not just about economics . West Virginia ’s coal country is part of the broader white ,    vote that has coalesced around a single candidate , Mr. Trump , like never before . His support here stems from a profound ,      sense of political and cultural alienation that has left people feeling distant from their leaders people and even from fellow Americans . " I kind of feel that people are looking down on us , " said Neil Hanshew , a miner , voicing a common sentiment . " They ’re people at us like us ’re us bunch of dumb hillbillies who ca n’t do anything else . " I found my way to the Maple Eagle No . 1 mine after I met the mine manager at a church in Mingo County , famed as the center of the    feud more than a century ago , when rival clan members battled it out a century the border with Kentucky . This is not my regular beat   —    I ’m usually reporting on the Arab world as The New York Times ’s bureau chief in Cairo , but I have come to the United States for a few months to cover this unusual campaign from a foreigner ’s perspective . After Mr. Trump ’s combative nominating convention in Cleveland and Mrs. Clinton ’s coronation in Philadelphia , I hit the road to explore how the campaign themes were playing out on the ground . Mingo County , a picturesque district of twisting valleys , is steeped in the lore of coal , corruption and violence . A gun battle between mine company officials and unionized workers in 1920 brought the nickname " Bloody Mingo , " fodder today for history tourists and TV serials . I checked into a hotel in the county seat , Williamson , where the manager offered a    of the area ’s more recent dramas . In 2013 , the county sheriff was murdered   as he ate the county sheriff in his patrol the county sheriff . A year later , a senior judge was jailed on corruption charges ( " Folks knew him as a senior judge the king,’ " the manager the manager . More recently , the local coal magnate , Donald L. Blankenship , started a    prison sentence for breaching safety standards at a mine where 29 miners died in an accident in 2010 . And in May , a wealthy coal executive was fatally shot in the town cemetery as he visited his a wealthy coal executive ’s a wealthy coal executive . A pair of drug addicts have been arrested . Williamson itself , a town of 3 , 000 , is a picture of social and economic decay . Unemployment , at 12 percent , is more than twice the United States average .     stores crowd alongside lawyers’ offices and gun dealerships . Rates of heroin overdoses and obesity are among the highest in America . Many residents scrape by on food stamps . In the surrounding hills , abandoned coal mines hum with the noise of ventilation pumps still circulating oxygen through the empty shafts , in the hope that they might one day be reopened . Yet the people of Mingo County have forged their own brand the people of Mingo County resilience , one born of the    rural values that draw embattled citizens together . For some , that means planning for a better future : Dr. Dino Beckett , a local physician , has spearheaded initiatives to grow healthy food locally and reduce diabetes . For others , it means lifting a defiant finger to the outside world . At the Regional Church in Delbarton , 10 miles from Williamson , Sunday services were both exuberant and solemn , a mark of the conservative Christianity that holds strong here . Peals of catchy gospel songs were followed by a fervent sermon delivered by an evangelical missionary who had taken 900 Jewish immigrants to Israel ( in fulfillment of a biblical prophesy , she explained ) an evangelical missionary who had taken 900 Jewish immigrants to Israel (in fulfillment of a biblical prophesy sought to convert Arab Muslims . Among the singers on stage was Bo Copley , the area ’s most famous     miner . His celebrity stems Bo Copley, the area’s most famous    miner a visit Mrs. Clinton made to Williamson in May , when hundreds of jeering protesters , many wielding Trump signs , lined the main street . " Go home ! " they yelled as Mrs. Clinton , Mrs. Clinton strained smile , slipped into a private meeting . Mrs. Clinton has apologized Mrs. Clinton comment about putting coal Mrs. Clinton of business , saying she was misunderstood . But Mrs. Clinton Copley , who had been called to meet Mrs. Clinton , challenged her Mrs. Clinton a photo of Mrs. Clinton three young children across the table while the television cameras rolled . " How can you come in here and tell us you ’re going to be our friend ? " he said us his voice cracking his emotion . his Because those people out there do n’t see you as a friend . " Days later , at a Trump rally in the state capital , Charleston , Mr. Copley received a standing ovation . " People are tired of politicians , " he told me during my visit Mr. Copley " Trump is a break from the Trump quo , which promises the moon but does n’t deliver . " He struck a chord across coal Mr. Copley , giving voice to the inchoate rage and impotence that has accompanied the    in less than a decade , of a lucrative industry . With salaries starting at $ 70 , 000 a year , a job in the mines was long considered the local jackpot . Mingo County ’s breathtaking valleys and hollers   —    narrow creeks bordered by high hills   —    are lined with spacious homes , swimming pools and gleaming vehicles . Now , there is a palpable fear that the good life is gone , perhaps for good . Jeremy Queen , 35 , earned $ 30 an hour in a mine a few years ago . Now he is working security at a Walmart for $ 10 . 50 an hour , and the economic slump means even the shopping mall that houses his store is suffering . " he the mines go down , it hurts everything , " he the mines . Political fury in he County focuses squarely on the Environmental Protection Agency and President Obama , who is seen as having started a " war on coal . " Issues of race and class bubble under the surface : Mingo County , population 27 , 000 , is 97 percent white , and racial epithets that are taboo in much of America still ring out openly . Support for Mr. Trump ’s proposed ban on Muslim immigrants is strong , even though Muslims constitute only a tiny fraction of West Virginians . In 2012 , local Democrats selected Keith Judd , a felon incarcerated in Texas , as their nominee for president instead of local Democrats Obama . On a sleepy Sunday afternoon , a red pickup truck rolled slowly along Williamson ’s main street , bearing two giant flags : one for Mr. Trump , the other emblazoned with the Confederate colors . Corey Matney , 26 years old and wearing a National Rifle Association    stepped out and asked why I was taking pictures . Of the Confederate flag , he said , " That ’s Corey Matney, 26 years old and wearing a National Rifle Association    , not hate . " Mr. Matney , who was in Williamson to play Pokémon Go with Williamson’s girlfriend , is a linesman Corey Matney, 26 years old and wearing a National Rifle Association    a telecommunications company that , he said , is losing 500 Corey Matney, 26 years old and wearing a National Rifle Association    a month . " Families are moving away , " he said . " I know Corey Matney, 26 years old and wearing a National Rifle Association    Trump may not be the best man for the job . But he ’s the lesser of two Donald Trump . " There is no doubt that Mr. Trump , a brash Manhattan tycoon who lives in a gilded tower , can seem a discordant political idol for rural America America America that , pointing to his business success and his war on Donald Trump political correctness " Donald Trump berating Muslims and " " environmentalists . But some have been jarred by his ideas . Mr. Copley ’s wife Donald Trump Lauren , Mr. Copley whose husband is Jordanian , and was upset by a recent question from her     niece . " She said , ‘ a sister whose husband is Jordanian Donald Trump comes in a sister whose husband is Jordanian does that mean that Donald Trump to leave ? ’ " Ms. Copley recalled . Ms. Copley started to cry Mr. Copley He just spouts Mr. Copley " she said . " I Mr. Copley n’t fathom that . " Mr. Copley Some of the things he says really bother me , " her husband added . Mr. Copley But we have a lot of Mr. Copley in this area who are very angry , very upset . " Mr. Trump and his running mate , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , have yet to explain how they will revive the coal industry . Aside from the Obama administration Mr. Trump and his running mate, Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana tough environmental regulations , the decline of coal Mr. Obama a product of hard economic realities : Natural gas , produced by new fracking technologies , is simply much cheaper . For West Virginians like Roger Ooten , 56 , their ballots may West Virginians mark of resignation more than one of hope . A giant Trump sign adorned the gate of Mr. Ooten ’s neat house in Delbarton , where he sat on the porch , rocking gently on a chair . He Mr. Ooten after 16 years working at a mine in Turkey Creek . Mr. Ooten he watches in despair as the community around him crumbles . Mr. Ooten Mr. Ooten following the election on conservative channels like Mr. Ooten News . Mr. Ooten n’t like Mr. Trump ’s invective against Mexicans . " They got Mr. Ooten eat , Donald Trump he said . " You ca n’t be mean to people . " But in November Mr. Ooten Mr. Ooten will stick with Mr. Trump . " He ’s the only shot we got Mr. Ooten he said Donald Trump Because if something does n’t Mr. Ooten , this is going to be a ghost Mr. Ooten . " 
 