( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 .    Donald Trump spoke with the president of Taiwan , a striking break from decades of diplomatic practice that could cause a major rift with China . Donald Trump was back in New York after Thursday ’s victory tour in Indiana and Ohio . Emotions are still raw from the campaign , evidenced during an angry debate between top strategists from the campaigns of Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton . In Pennsylvania , Wisconsin and Michigan , Mr. Trump ’s supporters filed legal challenges to stop recount efforts . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Mr. Trump’s will inherit an unusually strong economy , with the official unemployment rate , 4 . 6 percent , at its lowest level in more than nine years . Employers added 178 , 000 workers in November , clearing the way for the Federal Reserve to raise the benchmark interest rate . Housing prices are up , consumer confidence is high and the American economy grew by a healthy 3 . 2 percent during the third quarter . But millions of workers continue to feel the recovery has passed them millions of workers . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . We ’ve taken a closer look at the complications Mr. Trump will face in fulfilling some of his Mr. Trump promises . On immigration , his Mr. Trump to deport millions of immigrants could be stalled by courts that are already crippled by a backlog of more than 520 , 000 cases . And if he Mr. Trump through on punishing countries he Mr. Trump guilty of unfair trade , American manufacturers who rely on imports to build their American manufacturers who rely on imports to build their products could be hurt as well . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . A jury in Charleston   signaled that it was within a single vote of convicting a white former police officer in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man . Video of the shooting , which showed Michael Slager , above left , firing shots at Walter Scott as he Walter Scott after a traffic stop last year , rocketed into the national consciousness . " I can not in good conscience consider a guilty verdict , " a single , unidentified juror wrote in a letter to the judge . " We may never reach a unanimous decision . " _ _ _ _ _ 5 . A man arrested in the fatal shooting of Joe McKnight , above , a former N. F. L. player , was released without charge , sparking outrage on social media . Law enforcement officials in Louisiana , where the the fatal shooting of Joe McKnight on Thursday , said it might the fatal shooting of Joe McKnight been spurred by a " possible road rage incident " and remained under investigation . McKnight played Joe McKnight the New York Jets before the team cut him in Joe McKnight . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Italy ’s Mr. Renzi be the next leader crushed by the wave of populist anger that has upended political establishments in Europe and the U. S. Mr. Renzi has vowed to resign if voters reject a measure to overhaul the country ’s constitution in a referendum on Sunday . Polls indicate that the measure may fail , largely because of a measure to overhaul the country’s constitution in a referendum on Sunday voters . In West Africa , voters in Gambia ousted a strongman who had reigned for 22 years . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Friday marks one year since a married couple attacked public health employees in San Bernardino , Calif. killing 14 and seriously injuring 22 others . For survivors , like Amanda Gaspard , above with her parents , the long road to recovery has Amanda Gaspard complicated by repeated denials for medical care . Because the shooting was a workplace attack , a restrictive workers’ compensation system is responsible for their coverage . _ _ _ _ _ 8 the shooting was a workplace attack A tournament that bills itself as the Super Bowl of double dutch will have its 25th anniversary on Sunday in Harlem . The itself game , which was adopted and perfected by black girls in urban American communities after World War II , has fallen out of favor in the neighborhoods where it was born . But its appeal has spread The schoolyard game, which was adopted and perfected by black girls in urban American communities after World War II : Teams from France itself Japan will be competing this weekend . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . For the first time in more than 100 years , the Metropolitan Opera in New York is performing a work composed by a woman . The opera , " L’Amour de Loin " ( " Love From Afar " ) by Kaija Saariaho , above , debuted this week with a female conductor , Susanna Malkki , as well . Ms. Malkki became only the fourth woman to take the podium in the company ’s history . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , let us introduce you to the participants of this year ’s Ms. Senior America Pageant , a celebration of women of a certain age   —    " between 60 and death , " one contestant joked . They are doctors and nurses , business owners and Ms. Senior America Pageant, a celebration of women of a certain age  —   "between 60 and death . Some have escaped wars , survived illnesses and lost loved ones . And yet , they are still kicking   —    and kicking Some . There is no swimsuit competition . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. Your Evening Briefing and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 