Donald J. Trump lashed out at Speaker Paul D. Ryan and other critics within Donald J. Trump party on Tuesday in a barrage of Twitter posts deriding the    Republican as a feckless leader and warning that those who have been disloyal risked handing the election to Hillary Clinton . The early morning attack escalated the war between the Republican presidential nominee and those party establishment figures who have abandoned him since the emergence of a 2005 video that showed Mr. Trump demeaning women in lurid terms . That was the last straw for Mr. Ryan , who told Republicans in Congress that Republicans should feel free to stop supporting Mr. Trump if they Republicans it would improve their Republicans prospects on Election Day . On Tuesday , Mr. Mr. Trump still seething over Mr. Ryan ’s refusal to stick with him . Mr. Trump Trump Mr. Trump to be laying the groundwork to blame Mr. Ryan and Republicans who opposed him should he Mr. Trump the Mr. Trump next month , complaining that it is " the election to do well " without the support of his own party Mr. Trump Democrats , he said , Mr. Trump more loyal to their own kind Democrats In a mood to settle scores , Mr. Trump also Mr. Trump John McCain of Arizona for selling him out . The Mr. Trump men clashed last year when Mr. Trump declared that Mr. Trump , a decorated veteran who was captured and imprisoned in Vietnam , was not a war hero . They later made amends but Mr. McCain, a decorated veteran who was captured and imprisoned in Vietnam, was not a war hero relationship unraveled when Mr. McCain denounced Mr. Trump Senator John McCain of Arizona about Mr. Trump women in the video . " The very    Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his primary ( I gave , he The very   Sen. John McCain ) then dropped me over The very   Sen. John McCain room remarks ! " Mr. Trump wrote in an afternoon Mr. Trump Twitter . Mr. Trump has increasingly been trying to Mr. Trump his base of supporters by ridiculing Republican leaders Mr. Trump making incendiary allegations against Mrs. Clinton and her husband . At a rally on Monday night Clinton he reiterated his promise to appoint a special Mr. Trump to Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton if he were elected president , and he warned Mr. Trump if more videos of him Mr. Trump vulgar behavior became public , he Mr. Trump redouble his attacks on Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump family . Mr. Trump Trump campaign has also released a new advertisement Mr. Trump of Mrs. Clinton having a coughing fit and a scene Mrs. Clinton’s stumbling into a vehicle when she came down with Mrs. Clinton’s last month . Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton’s initially avoided using Mrs. Clinton ’s illness against her , but recently mocked Mrs. Clinton’s and said it was Mrs. Clinton’s evidence that she lacked Mrs. Clinton’s . The fallout from the video and Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton’s more combustible attitude has already shown signs that it is turning Mr. Trump voters and women . Christian conservatives , an important segment Mr. Trump the Republican base , have also expressed concern that Mr. Trump has taken his scorched earth approach too far . " This past week Mr. Trump latest ( though Mr. Trump not last ) revelations from Trump ’s past have caused many evangelical leaders to reconsider , " Andy Crouch , the Mr. Trump of the evangelical publication Christianity Today , wrote in an editorial published Monday . " The revelations of the past week of his vile and crude boasting about sexual conquest   —    indeed , sexual assault   — Mr. Trump might have been shocking , but they should have surprised no one . " The essay went on to argue that many Christians The revelations of the past week of his vile and crude boasting about sexual conquest  —   indeed, sexual assault  —    been supporting Mr. Trump for strategic reasons , largely based on the notion that he was on their side Mr. Trump came to social issues and the direction of the Supreme Court Mr. Trump but that many Christians social conservatives could not be blind to Mr. Trump ’s behavior . " Enthusiasm for a candidate like Trump gives our neighbors ample reason to Mr. Trump believe Jesus is Lord , " Mr. Crouch wrote . Mr. Trump They see that some of us are so our and so    that we will ally ourselves with someone who our neighbors all that is sacred our us   —    in hope , our certainly a our hope given his mendacity and record of betrayal , our his rule will save us . " However , not everyone is turning against Mr. Trump , with four weeks his go until Election our . In a speech at Liberty University in Virginia on Monday , Ralph Reed , a prominent evangelical leader , made a forceful case for why Mr. Trump remained a better choice than Mrs. Clinton despite the offensive video that was revealed last week . And Mr. Trump Rubio of Florida , who fought bitterly with Mr. Trump during the Republican primary campaign , said on Tuesday that he was not ready to abandon Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump part , Mr. Trump suggested on Tuesday that he now felt Mr. Trump the fact Mr. Trump he was no longer trying to Tuesday establishment Republicans by restraining himself . the Republican primary campaign Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 