In an interview with CNN on Wednesday night , Thomas Barrack Jr. who heads the Presidential Inaugural Committee , was asked whether Kanye West , who vocally supported Donald J. Trump ’s candidacy last year , and who visited Thomas Barrack Jr. in Trump Tower in December following Thomas Barrack Jr. victory , would be performing at any of the inaugural events . " Kanye West, who vocally supported Donald J. Trump’s candidacy last year, and who visited him in Trump Tower in December following his victory, would be performing at any of the inaugural events have n’t asked Thomas Barrack Jr. , " Thomas Barrack Jr. who heads the Presidential Inaugural Committee replied . Rather than stop there , he Thomas Barrack Jr. who heads the Presidential Inaugural Committee : " It ’s not the venue . The venue we have for entertainment is filled out . It The venue we have for entertainment perfect . It The venue we have for entertainment going to be typically and traditionally American . " Following a political season in which quarrels over inclusion and exclusion in the United States   —    in senses literal , metaphorical and philosophical   —    were central and heated , the " Make America Great Again ! Welcome Celebration " was an opportunity to make a loud case . The stage was a potent one : the National Mall in Washington , just beneath the Lincoln Memorial . The The stage was a potent one: the National Mall in Washington, just beneath the Lincoln Memorial broadcast live on CNN and online . What was presented as " typically and traditionally American , " however , veered between jingoism and vaudevillian fluff and largely ignored the contribution of    to popular music ( which is to say , almost all of popular music ) . Instead it focused the contribution of   to popular music (which is to say, almost all of popular music) on country and rock by white Southerners , including the country superstar Toby Keith , who has been the nation ’s loudest musical cheerleader for a decade and a half the Mississippi    band 3 Doors Down , which was a favorite in the     2000s and the Frontmen of Country , an amalgam of    singers made famous in other bands . It was a spotty lineup , though not a wholly ineffective one . 3 Doors Down ’s songs remain sturdy , and the frontman Brad Arnold ’s voice was strong , though denuded of its sleazy the frontman . And Mr. Keith Mr. Keith a heavy overcoat and a scruffy beard , delivered potent patriotism via strong narratives . Mr. Keith is n’t as uncomplicated a choice as he might appear from a distance Mr. Keith In the past , he ’s been a registered Democrat Mr. Keith and here , he thanked President Obama for his Mr. Keith before offering a salute Mr. Keith Mr. Trump . Mr. Keith ’s career soared after Mr. Keith music took an aggressive turn . At Mr. Keith show , he played the pugnacious and proud " Courtesy Mr. Keith the Red , White and Blue ( The Angry American ) , " and also " American Soldier , " a meditative embrace of patriotic dedication . He also played " Beer for My Horses Mr. Keith " with its     endorsement of    vigilante justice : " Take all the rope in Texas , find a tall oak    up all them bad boys , hang them high in the    all the people bad boys see . " Mr. Keith ’s songs about America are very conscious of place , and at this show , that proved an effective strategy . The Frontmen of Country leaned heavily on songs that mentioned bucolic Southern settings : " God Blessed Texas , " " Amy ’s Back in Austin , " " Walking in Memphis . " And Lee Greenwood joined them for " God Bless the U. S. A. , " a dour march of national pride . In total , the concert ’s message was that America is a defined geographical and ideological space , with borders worth defending , even at the price of excluding those who could make the place immeasurably more fun . This concert ended up being as notable for the concert’s not show up as for who did . The only featured nonwhite performers were Sam Moore ( of the 1960s soul duo Sam   Dave ) who sang a restrained " America the Beautiful " backed by an    choir America and DJ Ravidrums , who delivered his dim , caffeinated percussive interstitials from inside a spherical    drum kit . But both of those acts got just a couple of minutes . The United States Army Old Guard Fife and Drum Corps got much more time for their     songs . When Mr. Trump first appeared The United States Army Old Guard Fife and Drum Corps the show , accompanied by his wife , Melania , it was to the Rolling Mr. Trump ’s " Heart of Stone , " a song about a man who ca n’t be swayed . At the end of the concert , Mr. Trump addressed the crowd briefly , thanked the performers Mr. Trump suggested that hosting this event in front of the Lincoln Memorial might have been an unprecedented choice . That was not true . In 2009 , Mr. Obama held a    concert here , " We Are One : The Obama Inaugural Celebration at the Lincoln Memorial . " It included athletes , actors and the Lincoln Memorial genres   —    The Obama Inaugural Celebration at the Lincoln Memorial J. Blige singing Bill Withers ’s " Lean on Me , " Pete Seeger and Bruce Springsteen singing " This Land Is Mary J. Blige Land , " a song of acceptance and respect for the nation . It was a show of cosmopolitanism and inclusion that portrayed America as a fixed idea , but as an    sum . 
 