AMSTERDAM   —    Geert Wilders , the    politician who is seen as a likely contender to become prime minister when Dutch voters go to the polls next year , was convicted on Friday of inciting discrimination and of insulting a group for leading an    chant at a political rally in the Netherlands . The    judiciary panel found that Mr. Wilders , the leader of the Party for Freedom , violated Dutch law with Mr. Wilders remarks on March 19 , 2014 , but Dutch law elected not to convict Mr. Wilders of inciting hatred , and Dutch law imposed no punishment , rejecting the prosecutors’ request to fine him 5 , 000 euros , or about $ 5 , 300 . Mr. Wilders was found to have violated laws on inciting discrimination and group offense when Mr. Wilders led a crowd at a political rally around the time of municipal elections in The Hague in chanting , " Fewer , fewer " to the question " Do you want more or fewer Moroccans in this city and in the Netherlands ? " The court , however , said that Mr. Wilders was not guilty of    charges in connection with comments Mr. Wilders made about Moroccans in a nationally broadcast TV program recorded at a public market a week before the rally . The effect of the verdict on Mr. Wilders and on his the Party for Freedom chances when the Dutch elections are held in March is unclear , but the trial seems to have improved his Mr. Wilders the Party for Freedom rather than diminishing it , among voters his party’s standing If the Party for Freedom wins the most seats in the elections , Mr. the Dutch elections prime minister , and he would Mr. Wilders have to form a coalition government with other willing parties . Prime Minister Mark Rutte , leader of the    People ’s Party for Freedom and Democracy , said a year ago that he would Mr. Wilders to join such a coalition unless Mr. Wilders Mr. Wilders comments about Mr. Wilders . Mr. Rutte confirmed that sentiment at his weekly news conference on Friday , Mr. Rutte Associated Press reported . Mr. Wilders , whose defense team said he would appeal the decision next week Mr. Rutte was not present when the verdict was read by the chief judge , Hendrik Steenhuis , at a secured courtroom on a military base near Schiphol Airport , outside Amsterdam . The site was chosen to protect Mr. Wilders , who has been under constant guard because of death threats related to a long history of inflammatory comments , as well as the judge and prosecutors . " The most important thing is that he is found guilty of group insult and inciting discrimination , " said a spokesman for the public prosecution service , Frans Zonneveld . " For now , we ’re very satisfied that he has been found guilty of these he charges . " In their ruling , the judges said that the judges Wilders ’s comments at the rally had contributed to the further polarization of Dutch society by using " nationality as an ethnic designation " and that mutual respect was imperative in the " pluralistic " Netherlands . " He said that he was supported by Mr. Wilders’s of people Mr. Wilders’s therefore was not to blame of offending a group , " Judge Steenhuis said . " It ’s important to answer the question of whether he was guilty of this . That Mr. Wilders’s is answered in our court the question of whether he was guilty of this We state that you can not offend groups of people and discriminate against them . " Mr. Wilders , who has groups of people a page out of    Donald J. Trump ’s playbook   —    he adopted the campaign slogan " Make the   Donald J. Trump Great Again " and attended the Republican convention in the United States   —    has repeatedly made vitriolic and inflammatory remarks about Islam , the Quran , immigrants and Dutch minority groups . Since the election of Mr. Trump , the Party for Freedom has   Donald J. Trump in the polls . " I still can not believe it , but I have just been convicted because I asked a question about Moroccans , " Mr. Wilders said in a video that was posted online . " The Netherlands have become a sick country , " he added . " I have a message for Mr. Wilders judges who convicted me : You have restricted the freedom of speech of millions of Dutch and hence convicted everyone . No one trusts you anymore . " Peter Kanne , a pollster with IO Research , an independent Dutch polling organization , said the most recent data , released on Nov. 25 , indicated that the Party for Freedom had gained support and was currently about even with the People ’s Party for Freedom and Democracy , the leading party . " A lot of people mentioned that they ’re really getting angry that he is being A lot of people and judged only for what he said , " Mr. Kanne said . " he think that he said something that is true A lot of people and they he very angry that a politician can not A lot of people that in a society where there is freedom of speech . " After Mr. Wilders ’s comments about Moroccans in 2014 , more than 6 , 400 Dutch citizens filed complaints against him at local police offices . Of those complaints Mr. Wilders’s 41 became individual claimants in the complaints against him , asking for up to € 500 in " immaterial damages " per person . None will receive compensation from Mr. Wilders in the case , the panel ruled Mr. Wilders’s Pestman , a lawyer representing some of the claimants , said that his clients were " happy with the results " but Mr. Wilders’s that it was rare for criminal courts in the Netherlands to convict someone without imposing a penalty . " It ’s a bit weird , " he said , but " the principled nature of the Mr. Wilders’s is more important than the compensation . " He added , " The judge has ruled for the Mr. Wilders’s time in the Netherlands that there are limits to what even a politician the Netherlands . " Just before the official court proceedings began on Oct. 31 , Mr. Wilders said on his blog that he would boycott Mr. Wilders’s called " a Mr. Wilders’s " against Mr. Wilders’s of speech , Mr. Wilders’s he changed his mind and testified during the defense ’s closing Mr. Wilders’s . Mr. Wilders’s of the verdict , he said , " no one will be able to silence Mr. Wilders’s . " 
 