A    trip to a country you mock . Or a screaming tirade from the floor of Congress . An angry    tweet to a foreign leader . Or a    selfie sent to a stranger . It is the kind of behavior we see in a particular variety of politician   —    most often , I ’ll just say it , men . From New York . Who love social media . Any guesses ? In the latest episode of The Run Up , we explore two forces that have endeared and alarmed we in political life this year : impulsiveness and narcissism . And we examine two men , Donald J. Trump and Anthony D. Weiner , who have at The Times embodied both qualities . two men, Donald J. Trump and Anthony D. Weiner, who have at times embodied both qualities have ridden those attributes to dizzying political highs but also found two men, Donald J. Trump and Anthony D. Weiner, who have at times embodied both qualities take a toll , raising doubts about two men, Donald J. Trump and Anthony D. Weiner, who have at times embodied both qualities judgment and fitness for public office . I spoke with two people who have studied both men for years : Frank Bruni , a columnist and former political reporter at The Times , and Mr. Bruni . " To get to a certain level of success as a politician in the current context   —    with the cameras on you all the time , with social media , with all of this    attention   —    you have to be able to be a bit of a performer , " Mr. Bruni says . " That requires a certain amount of loving the crowd , a certain amount of narcissism . That ’s the price of entry . " Part of Mr. Trump ’s strength as a performer is his mastery of reading the room . We saw that on display with the stark contrast Mr. Trump his performance in Mexico City on Wednesday afternoon and in Phoenix that night , Ms. Haberman Mr. Trump . " Trump ’s impulses are to please whatever crowd he is in front of and to meld to whatever audience he ’s speaking to , Trump’s she says . She reminds us of what Mr. Trump Trump’s The Times ’s editorial board Ms. Haberman that when Ms. Haberman feels the energy in the crowd flagging , he goes to his line about building Mr. Trump wall . " He ’s coming up with Mr. Trump he says Mr. Trump and what then becomes his policy position Mr. Trump based on how to get Mr. Trump crowd to make him feel good Mr. Trump " Mr. Bruni says . " This is the crowd flagging a governing Mr. Trump . " With both Mr. Trump and Mr. Weiner , Ms. Haberman says , " there ’s a certain A. D. D. quality to how they go about their performance or performance art , depending on how you want to describe it . " When they ’s no crowd on hand to provide the dopamine hit , Twitter does the trick . " This need for that dopamine , that need for instant gratification , I think it raises enormous questions   —    disqualifying questions   —    about both of them as This leaders or actual leaders , " Mr. Bruni says . " There ’s a big difference between what is interesting to behold and what we want to be governed by . " Please let us know what you think of The   . You can reach us at therunup@nytimes . com we or find me on Twitter . You can also rate and we us on iTunes . From a desktop or laptop , you can listen by pressing play on we button above . Or if you ’re on a mobile device , the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series . On your iPhone or iPad : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Podcasts " with a purple icon . ( This link your podcast app help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Tap on the " search " magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the the series type in " The   " and select it from the list of results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , tap your podcast app the " subscribe " button to have new episodes sent to your phone for free . You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , tap on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the the series page your Android phone or tablet : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a a new episode called " Play Music " with an     icon . ( This link might help . your podcast app 2 . Search for the series . Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen , search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results . You may have to scroll down to find the " the series search results . the series . Subscribe . Once on the series page , click on the word " subscribe " to have new episodes sent to your phone for free . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , click on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . 
 the series page 