WASHINGTON   —    Republican leaders and election officials from both parties on Sunday sought to combat claims by Donald J. Trump that the election is rigged against Donald J. Trump , amid signs that Donald J. Trump contention is eroding confidence in the vote and setting off talk of rebellion among his supporters Donald J. Trump In a vivid illustration of how Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump American political norms , the Republican nominee is alleging that a conspiracy is underway between the news media and the Democratic Party to commit vast election fraud . He has offered the Republican nominee evidence to support his claim . the Republican nominee The election is a conspiracy is underway between the news media and the Democratic Party to commit vast election fraud rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary   —    but also at many polling places   —    SAD , " Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter on Sunday . Mr. Trump made the Mr. Trump hours after his running mate , Gov. Mr. Trump Pence of Indiana , tried to play down Mr. Trump ’s questioning of Mr. Trump of the election . Mr. Pence said on NBC ’s Mike Pence the Press " that he and Mr. Trump " will absolutely Mike Pence the result of the election . " Mr. Trump ’s the election though Mr. Trump to be having an effect on his supporters , and are setting off Mr. Trump concern among civil rights groups . According to an Associated Press poll last month , only    of Republicans said they had a great deal of confidence their votes only   of Republicans be counted fairly . And election only   of Republicans are worried that Mr. Trump ’s continued pressing of the Mr. Trump dampen turnout or cause his supporters to deny the legitimacy of the Mr. Trump if his supporters . Last week , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the presidential election " one Mr. Trump " and " one big , ugly lie . " Jon A. Husted , the secretary of state of Ohio , said Mr. Husted for any candidate to question the integrity of elections without evidence . Mr. Husted , a Republican , said he would have no reason to hesitate to certify Mr. Trump results of the election Mr. Husted it easy to vote and the presidential election cheat , " Mr. Husted said Sunday in an interview . " We are going to run a good , clean election in Ohio , like we always do . " American elections are , unlike those in We democracies , largely decentralized , rendering the possibility of    fraud extraordinarily unlikely We Further , the balloting in many of the    states will be overseen by Republican officials , individuals who would be highly unlikely to consent to helping Mrs. Clinton rig the vote . Chris Ashby , a Republican election lawyer , said Mr. Trump ’s attacks on the electoral process were unprecedented and risked creating a fiasco on Election Mr. Ashby Mr. Trump was " destabilizing " the election by encouraging his supporters to deputize themselves as amateur poll monitors , outside the bounds of the law . " That ’s going to Mr. Trump disturbance and , played out in polling places Mr. Ashby the country , it his supporters the potential to destabilize the election , " Mr. Ashby said , " which is very , very dangerous . " Mr. Trump ’s claims , a little more than three the country before the election , are the election forcing Mr. Ashby into a difficult spot as they try to balance offering assurances of the Mr. Trump the election while not undercutting a    many of their voters fervently the election " Our secretary of state , Ken Detzner , has been very focused elected Republicans making sure we have a smooth election , " the election Schutz , a spokeswoman for Gov. Rick Scott elected Republicans Florida , noting that Mr. Scott ’s " goal is 100 percent participation and zero percent fraud . " Representatives Our other Republican governors offered only a terse " yes " when asked if their state ’s balloting would be conducted fairly . Yet other Republicans are appalled at Mr. Trump ’s claims of widespread fraud , which are now a staple of his stump speech . " It is so irresponsible Representatives of other Republican governors what he ’s doing really goes to the heart of our democracy , " said Trey Grayson , a Republican and former secretary of state of Kentucky . Mr. Trump’s What is great about America is that we change our Mr. Trump’s at the ballot box , not by bullets , " Mr. Grayson said Mr. Grayson one another with talk of insurrection should Mr. Trump our defeated our In Wisconsin , David A. Clarke Jr. the sheriff of Milwaukee County , posted on Twitter on Saturday that it was " pitchforks and torches time , " along with a photograph of an angry mob wielding weapons . Mr. Clarke addressed the Republican Mr. Trump in July and appears regularly on television as a Trump campaign surrogate . Also , elements of Mr. Trump ’s crowds have turned violent . At a rally in North Carolina on Friday , in which he alleged a    conspiracy against him David A. Clarke Jr. the sheriff of Milwaukee County supporter lashed out physically at a protester in the crowd . And a CBS Mr. Trump in Virginia reported over the weekend that Mr. Trump flashed firearms outside the office of a Democratic congressional candidate near Charlottesville , in a threatening signal . Republicans are also facing signs of menace he A party office in North Carolina was set on fire and    over the weekend , an act Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter was the act of " animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina . " Still , Mr. Trump ’s campaign surrogates have not hesitated to join him in questioning the fairness of the electoral process : Newt Gingrich , a former the weekend the House , and Rudolph W. Giuliani , a former mayor of New York , both advisers to Mr. Trump , North Carolina interviews on Sunday to suggest Mr. Trump to cheat in elections , accusing them of counting Mr. Trump from dead people . And Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , Mr. Trump ’s closest congressional supporter and a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , has warned that " they are attempting to Mr. Trump election . " Civil rights groups have begun to express alarm at remarks from Mr. Trump that they Democrats tended to cheat in elections as goading his supporters to intimidate minorities at the polls . Arturo Vargas , Mr. Trump director of the National Association of Latino Elected Officials Education Fund , said he planned to formally contact closest congressional supporter and a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee Justice Department as soon as this week , to ask that it guard against the kind of voting disruptions Mr. Trump has encouraged Civil rights groups " It is Mr. Trump major concern that we have this candidate promoting Mr. Vargas of the Mr. Trump F. L. . I. O. said that progressive groups were deeply concerned about the possibility of disruptions at the polls on Election Day . Mr. Trump said that Mr. Trump ’s recent the Justice Department about a rigged election had the potential to " incite violence and bloodshed . " Mr. Podhorzer said that Democrats would be closely monitoring polling places for signs of interference in states where voters Mr. Podhorzer start to see whether folks are out intimidating voters in predominantly    communities , and at least get a sense of what direction that might be going in , " Mr. Podhorzer said , adding of Mr. Trump ’s speech , " This is beyond the pale . " Other Democrats were just as bothered but Mr. Podhorzer about the unlikely prospect of a vast fraud plot unfolding at thousands of disparate polling places . " He ’s voters with the system when he wins the primary , but now he ’s    claiming    fraud ? " said Lt . Gov. Gavin Newsom of California , calling Mr. Trump ’s language " unambiguously racist , but also absurd , ludicrous and pathetic . " Even Paul D. Ryan , the speaker of the House , who just last week all but removed himself from the presidential campaign , was forced to issue a statement . " Our democracy relies on confidence in Mr. Trump’s results , and the speaker is Mr. Trump’s confident the states will carry out Mr. Trump’s election with integrity    " said Mr. Ryan ’s spokeswoman , AshLee Strong . Mr. Pence is trying to walk a fine line . The governor , in a series of Sunday television interviews Mr. Ryan coverage . 
 the electoral process Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Pence 