( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . The German authorities are searching for a     Tunisian man in the deadly truck attack on a Christmas market in Berlin . a    Tunisian man in the deadly truck attack on a Christmas market in Berlin is known to have used multiple aliases and is believed to be armed and dangerous . Local news agencies reported that a    Tunisian man in the deadly truck attack on a Christmas market in Berlin has ties to an Iraqi preacher arrested in Germany last month who is accused of recruiting soldiers for the Islamic State , which has claimed responsibility for the deadly truck attack on a Christmas market in Berlin . Identification papers indicating that the Tunisian man had been denied asylum were found in the truck . A German official said prosecutors had been observing him the Tunisian man suspicion that he the Tunisian man plotting an attack . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . The jockeying has begun for ambassadorships under    Donald Trump . Donors , loyalists and people close to his the Tunisian man are trying to put themselves Donors, loyalists and people close to his children the running . There are some early favorites , including Woody Johnson , the owner of the New York Jets , above with Vice    Mike Pence , for Britain . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Speaking of appointees , Mr.   Donald Trump pick for secretary of state , the Exxon Mobil chief Rex Tillerson , above left , was once a vocal critic of Russia ’s justice system . Then he came   Donald Trump realize that the key to success in Russia , Russia country deeply important to the company ’s future , was developing personal relationships with President Vladimir Putin and the head of the state oil company . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Two    YouTube stars said they were Two   YouTube stars off a Delta Air Lines flight at a London airport for speaking Arabic . Adam Saleh and Slim Albaher were on their way Adam Saleh and Slim Albaher to New York after performing their stage Adam Saleh and Slim Albaher , which mixes comedy and inspirational speaking . Social media erupted with anger against the airline industry , but also skepticism , since Mr. Saleh , above , has perpetrated video hoaxes in the past . He insisted Mr. Saleh this was no prank . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Extremely warm temperatures in the Arctic over the last two months could lead to record low levels of ice this summer , with cascading effects around the globe . Over all , 2016 broke the Arctic the Arctic the warmest year . " We need people to know and understand that the Arctic is going the Arctic an impact on their lives no matter where people live , " a people said . Above , a cruise ship off Alaska in August , on a journey made possible by diminished sea ice coverage . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Executions , death sentences and public support for capital punishment in the U. S. have all fallen to their lowest levels in decades Executions, death sentences and public support for capital punishment in the U. S. State executions this year hit a    low , and juries imposed the fewest death sentences since 1972 . Executions halted that year and death penalty laws had to be rewritten after the Supreme Court struck down existing laws , saying that capital punishment as administered in the U. S. constituted " cruel and unusual punishment . " _ _ _ _ _ 7 . We went out on patrol with Arizona Border Recon , which calls itself a nongovernmental organization . Others call a militia . Many members are armed   —    retired law enforcement agents or veterans who operate with little oversight . They say they ’re protecting Many members border Many members hunt for migrants to hand over to Border Patrol . " Because we live out here , we do this " one we . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . Muhammad Ali , Gwen Ifill , David Bowie and Natalie Cole are just a few of the notable figures lost in 2016 . We remember them in our we feature Muhammad Ali, Gwen Ifill, David Bowie and Natalie Cole " we Lives They Lived , " with Muhammad Ali, Gwen Ifill, David Bowie and Natalie Cole and essays about their remarkable stories . _ Muhammad Ali, Gwen Ifill, David Bowie and Natalie Cole _ _ _ 9 . Finally , fodder for your good intentions for 2016 : a year ’s worth of scientific findings on the nearly incalculable benefits of exercise . One hits your wallet : Walking 30 minutes a day could save you $ 2 , 500 annually on medical costs . And if that ’s not enough to get you moving , take heart : Even fidgeting is beneficial . Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted Your Evening Briefing a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 