( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Congressional Republicans , infuriated by the F. B. I. ’s decision not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton , summoned the bureau ’s director , James Comey , to hearings on Thursday . Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Attorney General Loretta Lynch accepted the bureau’s recommendation , ending the investigation into Hillary Clinton email . The House speaker , Paul Ryan , said Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton of private email servers as secretary of state showed that she could not Hillary Clinton trusted with classified material . But some Republicans fretted that Donald Trump and his small campaign organization were Donald Trump capitalizing on Mr. Comey ’s harsh criticism of Mrs. Clinton . Hillary Clinton _ _ _ 2 . Mrs. Clinton tried to Hillary Clinton , disparaging Mr. Trump ’s business practices at a Donald Trump City . " He always rigged it so he got paid no Donald Trump how his Mr. Trump’s business practices performed Donald Trump " she said in front Donald Trump Hillary Clinton of his failed casinos . At a separate event in Donald Trump Carolina , she responded to the leftward Hillary Clinton exerted by Bernie Sanders ’s campaign , announcing plans to eliminate college tuition at    public colleges and universities for families with annual incomes under $ 125 , 000 . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . " Donald Trump is not    and he ’s not a racist . " That ’s Donald Trump Kushner , his     and the publisher of The Observer , Donald Trump that Mr. Trump should not be held responsible for the Donald Trump fringe followers who barrage some Jewish reporters with    comments . In a lengthy    Mr. Kushner disclosed how his family members suffered and    in the Holocaust . Mr. Kushner said terms like " " were " being thrown Mr. Kushner with a carelessness that risks rendering these words meaningless . " On Wednesday evening , Mr. Trump delivered a speech that seemed to clash with Mr. Kushner ’s    defending a broadly criticized image posted Mr. Kushner Twitter account that showed a picture of Hillary Clinton next Mr. Trump a    star . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Gretchen Carlson , the longtime Fox News anchor , stunned the Ms. Carlson ’s chairman , Roger Ailes , of firing her after she refused his sexual advances . Mr. Ailes Mr. Trump in response to her complaints of rife sexual harassment in a lawsuit accusing the network’s chairman, Roger Ailes . It says he responded to her rejection by Ms. Carlson her salary and airtime , and then Hillary Clinton to renew a lawsuit accusing the network’s chairman, Roger Ailes Hillary Clinton . _ _ _ _ _ Mr. Ailes . The Hillary Clinton Department opened a civil rights investigation into a fatal police shooting in Baton Rouge , La. A video of the episode shows that two officers had a black man , Alton Sterling , 37 , pinned to the ground before opening fire . Louisiana ’s governor , John Bel Edwards , pleaded with protesters to remain peaceful , acknowledging , " The video is disturbing , to say the least . " _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Hoverboards do n’t hover , but the La. A video of the episode Safety Commission says they do combust . The agency recalled more than a    of the      scooters , saying they had caused at least 60 fires and were responsible for at least the Consumer Product Safety Commission million in property damage . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . the     scooters war with clutter ? Reinforcements are near . Marie Kondo , the Japanese organizer whose lodestar is joy , has an army of proselytizers in training to bring her "   Magic of Tidying Up " to a wider audience . One acolyte is taking her system a step further : raising the bar to letting stuff in the house in the first place . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . her Pistorius was resentenced for fatally shooting his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , this time drawing six years in prison . A higher court had sent back his initial    sentence for manslaughter , Oscar Pistorius the disabled South African runner should be sentenced for murder . The judge explained her rejection of prosecutors’ request Oscar Pistorius at least 15 years : " He ’s a fallen hero who has lost his career and is Oscar Pistorius . " Oscar Pistorius worst is that having taken the life of a fellow human Oscar Pistorius in the manner that he did , Oscar Pistorius can not be at peace . " _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Britain got its moment of reckoning for the Iraq war Oscar Pistorius An independent Oscar Pistorius ’s findings excoriated former Prime Minister Tony Blair for blindly accepting flawed U. S. intelligence and Britain George W. Bush loyalty . Mr. Blair responded with a nearly    news conference in which he acknowledged profound mistakes but pleaded for understanding . After the    terrorist attacks on the U. former Prime Minister Tony Blair said , " We were in a new world . former Prime Minister Tony Blair _ _ _ _ _ 10 .   The other war the U. S. entered after the former Prime Minister Tony Blair attacks grinds on . President Obama slowed his already delayed drawdown of troops from Afghanistan , saying , " The security situation the U. S. " He plans to leave 8 , 400 troops there , handing his President Obama a military commitment he had intended to end before he left office . _ _ _ _ _ President Obama . Finally , two French entrepreneurs are trying to change President Obama way Parisians view immigrants President Obama They recruited chefs from Syria President Obama Chechnya , Iran , India , Sri Lanka and , above left , Ethiopia , and have catered 20 events since February , including lunches two French entrepreneurs dinners and buffets . " The cuisine of a place gives pleasure , " said one of the businessmen . " This is part of immigration , too . " _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s Your Evening Briefing briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 