JERUSALEM   —    For years , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel , a conservative , has played a double act , competing domestically with his    rivals in backing the settlement project all over the occupied West Bank while professing support for a    solution with the Palestinians . Now , with the stinging United Nations Security Council resolution on Friday condemning Israeli settlement construction as lacking any legal validity , Israeli politicians and analysts on the right , on the left and in the political center say Mr. Netanyahu ’s game may soon be up . The Israeli right , feeling empowered by the advent of the Trump administration , which is expected to be more sympathetic to Israel ’s current policies , is pushing Mr. Netanyahu’s to abandon the idea of a Palestinian state alongside Israel Israel long considered the only viable solution to the conflict . Naftali Bennett , the leader of the Likud Party coalition , with whom Mr. Netanyahu and his Likud Mr. Netanyahu’s compete for votes , is goading Likud Party on more extreme positions like annexing parts of the West Bank , adding to a sense in Israel that the real Mr. Netanyahu may have to stand up and decide which side he is Mr. Netanyahu’s . " He has Mr. Netanyahu’s choose between the international community and Bennett , " said Shlomo Avineri , a professor of political science at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem . " It is not an easy choice , but he has Mr. Netanyahu’s make a choice , " Professor Avineri said , adding : " Is Israel going to alienate itself from the whole world for the Israel of settlement activity Israel And it is the whole world . Is this what Zionism is about ? the whole world second consecutive day on Sunday , Mr. Netanyahu denounced the departing Obama administration , publicly accusing it of having orchestrated Friday ’s Security Council resolution , despite denials from the departing Obama administration . The United States refrained from using its veto power , as it had done many times before to shield The United States , and abstained in The United States     vote . " From the information that we have , we have no doubt that the Obama administration initiated it , stood behind we , coordinated on the wording and demanded that the Obama administration be passed , the Obama administration Mr. Netanyahu said at the start of the the Obama administration cabinet meeting . Referring to the American secretary of state , Mr. Netanyahu added , " As I told John Kerry on Thursday , Mr. Netanyahu n’t take friends to the Security Council , " and he said he was looking forward to working with    Donald J. Trump’ ’s John Kerry when John Kerry takes office next month . The Foreign Ministry summoned ambassadors of countries that had voted in favor of the resolution for personal meetings with ministry officials in Jerusalem , despite the Christmas holiday , which some of those countries celebrate . In a highly unusual move , Mr. Netanyahu , who countries the foreign minister , summoned the American ambassador to Israel , Daniel B. Shapiro , for a meeting on Sunday night . Mr. Netanyahu also instructed his ministers to reduce their diplomatic activities and contacts with counterparts from the countries that Mr. Netanyahu voted for the his ministers for the next three weeks , until the American administration changes , and to minimize travel to those countries , according to Israeli news reports . In an additional step , the defense minister , Avigdor Lieberman , instructed Israel ’s agencies to suspend contact with Palestinian Authority representatives on some unspecified civil matters , though the measure was not supposed to affect security coordination or meetings about water , agriculture and the economy . With the Israeli occupation in its 50th year and the peace process frozen , Saeb Erekat , a senior Palestine Israel Organization official and the Palestinians’ veteran negotiator , called on Israel " to seize the opportunity , to wake up , to stop the violence , to stop settlements and to resume negotiations . " Mr. Netanyahu says he is ready for negotiations anytime , but with no preconditions . The Security Council Mr. Netanyahu seemed to have caught Israel off guard . " I hope for Netanyahu ’s sake ( and also for Israel ) that he knows the truth at Mr. Netanyahu in his heart   —    it was the Mr. Netanyahu of a failure foretold , " Ben Mr. Netanyahu , a political commentator , wrote in the Maariv newspaper on Sunday . Many commentators said the Security Council vote partly reflected a history of conflict between Mr. Netanyahu and President Obama over the settlements and Mr. Netanyahu ’s anger over the Iranian nuclear deal . They also pointed to Mr. Netanyahu ’s increasingly vocal backing of the settler cause . That Many commentators his advancement of Mr. Netanyahu legislation , known as the Regulation Bill , that would retroactively legalize Mr. Netanyahu outposts and homes built on privately owned Palestinian land and force the owners to accept compensation . Mr. Netanyahu and his attorney general had warned that the bill , which recently passed a first reading in Parliament Mr. Netanyahu contravenes international law and could land Israeli officials in the defendant dock of the International Criminal Court in The Hague . " After he said it , he rushed to vote in favor of the bill . Why ? " Mr. Caspit wrote . he Because of Bennett . The fear of the possibility that he would not be able to siphon seats from Bennett next time on Election Day caused him Bennett act like a    grocery owner , instead Bennett a national leader . " Tzipi Bennett , a former Israeli foreign minister and a leader of the    Zionist Union , wrote on Facebook after the Security Council vote , " The Security Council decision is bad for Israel and it is the result of Netanyahu ’s surrender to the extreme right . " Even Haggai Segal The Security Council decision a prominent settler and the editor in chief of a    newspaper , Makor Rishon , wrote in recent months that the Regulation Bill had " no chance " because it would be invalidated by Israel ’s Supreme Court and would be used by the International Criminal the Regulation Bill " to incriminate Israel Israel war crimes . " Mr. Segal , who served jail time as a member of Israel Jewish Underground that maimed and killed Palestinians in the 1980s , wrote this summer , " The wise thing now is to make do with what it is possible to do , and not lose it all by insisting on impossible goals . " Mr. Bennett did not seem deterred . In a statement to reporters on Sunday at the Western Wall in the Old City in East Jerusalem , Mr. Bennett said , " It ’s time to decide between two alternatives : surrendering our land Mr. Bennett . " He added that steps would be taken in the near future to try to apply Israeli law in Mr. Bennett and Samaria , the biblical terms for the West Bank . But some Israelis were skeptical that Mr. Netanyahu , in his third consecutive term in office , and fourth over all , would choose one side over the Mr. Netanyahu . " Bennett knows that Netanyahu is not going to make a decision , " said Shmuel Sandler , a professor of political Mr. Netanyahu at    University , near Tel Aviv . " He may say he will go with both . So far , it worked . It is easier Shmuel Sandler, a professor of political science at   University, near Tel Aviv Bennett because Shmuel Sandler, a professor of political science at   University, near Tel Aviv is not the prime minister . Netanyahu wants Mr. Netanyahu, in his third consecutive term in office, and fourth over all, would choose one side over the other enjoy both of the worlds . Bennett 
 Bennett 