For Megyn Kelly , the shift from Fox News to NBC   —    where Megyn Kelly will host a daily daytime show and a Sunday newsmagazine program   —    will be a test of whether Megyn Kelly can connect with a broader audience in a different format and reach another level of television stardom . But Megyn Kelly move , announced Tuesday , has broader implications for the television news industry , raising new questions about the future of Fox News , where Megyn Kelly was a countervailing presence in an opinion lineup heavy with    ideology , and of NBC News , which has been a longtime bête noire for conservative press critics . And it comes as all news organizations gird for a new era of media coverage that arrives Jan. 20 with the inauguration of Donald J. Trump . The Murdoch family , which controls Fox News ’s parent company , 21st Century Fox , had become so invested in Ms. Kelly as a franchise that ’s parent company, 21st Century Fox were prepared to pay Ms. Kelly a salary of more than $ 20 million a year . People inside and outside the network widely took that to mean the Murdochs were staking the network future on a journalist who effectively made Ms. Kelly name by upending the expectations for a Fox News anchor   —    for instance , by publicly taking on the Republican nominee for president . But now Fox News Fox News the cable news ratings leader and an influential voice in the national political debate , is on course to begin coverage of a new administration with no    anchor with Ms. Kelly ’s history of challenging Mr. Trump . Her show , Ms. Kelly’s The Kelly File , " was sandwiched between the    program of Bill O’Reilly   —    she was regularly Ms. Kelly’s to him in the Bill O’Reilly  — news ratings   —    and that of Mr. Trump ’s major booster , Sean Hannity . Her departure , Ms. Kelly’s after that of Greta Van Susteren , also means that Fox faces the Bill O’Reilly  — of having no female host in prime time . That is a potentially troubling development for the network as its seeks to the network past last summer‘s sexual harassment scandal involving its    and the network chairman , Roger Ailes , in which many women described experiencing harassment or intimidation . ( Fox is said to be looking at several potential female successors for Ms. Kelly . ) For NBC , the addition of Ms. Kelly , 46 , may help address a challenge confronting many major news organizations : connecting with a politically diverse audience . In bringing Ms. Kelly to Ms. Kelly Andrew Lack NBC the chairman of the news division , is adding a journalist schooled in the preferences and worldviews of the conservative Americans who helped elect Mr. Trump , and whose anger so many news organizations failed to appreciate . Ms. Kelly ’s closely Ms. Kelly move capped months of drama in the political sphere , in which she was often at the Ms. Kelly of Mr. Trump ’s intense ,    campaign , and in the media world , where she became a key figure Ms. Kelly the events that led to Mr. Ailes ’s ouster . Ms. Kelly was the most Ms. Kelly a group of women at the network who told internal investigators that Mr. Ailes had engaged in inappropriate Mr. Ailes’s ( Mr. Ailes has denied all the accusations Mr. Ailes’s Despite having made a generous offer to Ms. Kelly , Rupert Murdoch , an executive chairman of 21st Century Fox , whose    negotiation tactics are legendary , offered a supportive statement about her decision to leave . " We thank Megyn Kelly for her 12 years of contributions to Fox News her " the statement read . " We hope she a supportive statement about her decision to leave success in her career We wish her and her family the her . " Though her loss her Ms. Kelly is a blow to Fox News , Megyn Kelly has a winning formula that Fox News it atop the ratings for many years , and helped it the network avoid the    its rivals experienced in the weeks the network Election Day , as the    Associated Press reported . And now the nation has a new Republican president whose approach speaks to the sensibilities of many of Fox ’s viewers . Company executives said the Murdochs knew Ms. Kelly was a flight risk their offer included keeping her in prime time , and she Company executives made it clear Ms. Kelly was seeking a job that Ms. Kelly give her more time Ms. Kelly her family . Ms. Kelly had spoken Ms. Kelly top executives at Ms. Kelly News , Ms. Kelly in the syndication industry , as well as NBC News , but NBC remained largely under the radar as a ABC News . One person briefed on Ms. Kelly ’s deliberations said that Mr. Lack won her over by Ms. Kelly with a question about what she was seeking Ms. Kelly instead of flatly offering possibilities . He then came back Ms. Kelly a deal that was tailored to her preferences . A One person show would give her a schedule that would allow Ms. Kelly to see her children off to school Ms. Kelly to have dinner with them Ms. Kelly her husband Ms. Kelly Douglas Brunt , a novelist . People briefed on the her children Ms. Kelly who spoke on the condition of anonymity , declined to disclose what Ms. Kelly ’s new annual salary would be at NBC . Fox News rivals who sought to hire Ms. Kelly away , including NBC News , had indicated that they could not match Ms. Kelly 20 million offer from Fox , the cable news leader Fox News rivals who sought to hire Ms. Kelly away, including NBC News the last 15 years running . But even a modest raise for Ms. Kelly would place her among television ’s    journalists . The Wall Street Journal recently Ms. Kelly was to collect Ms. Kelly 15 million for the final year of her contract . Her high Ms. Kelly tag was worth it for Mr. Lack , who took over Ms. Kelly of NBC Ms. Kelly and MSNBC in 2015 , Her high price tag years after he had ended an    tenure running the divisions . Executives at NBC Universal turned to him to stabilize the network after the suspension of the nightly news anchor Brian Williams for embellishing he of his NBC Universal Iraq , and as MSNBC floundered in the ratings . Among his moves since he has been to direct MSNBC back MSNBC more traditional , hard news coverage he its daytime hours   —    like MSNBC cable news rivals , it hit record ratings highs MSNBC year   —    and away MSNBC its yearslong market position MSNBC a    answer to Fox News , which at times colored the MSNBC of its sister , NBC News . Ms. Kelly will not be reporting for MSNBC , which still MSNBC      hosts like Rachel Maddow and Lawrence O’Donnell . In a brief interview , Mr. Lack said he would be closely involved in the creation of Ms. Kelly ’s daytime show , which will run Mr. Lack through Friday at a time to be determined Ms. Kelly as the one she will anchor on Sunday nights . That show will be in the vein of CBS ’s " 60 Minutes Ms. Kelly " where Mr. Lack worked early Ms. Kelly’s daytime show, which will run Monday through Friday at a time to be determined, as well as the one she will anchor on Sunday nights career . " The thing about this that is challenging but exciting as hell Mr. Lack we love making new Mr. Lack , " he said . " You do n’t get that opportunity that often any more , and you do n’t get the Mr. Lack to do that with a talent like Megyn . " Yet the move has its risks for all involved , especially the daytime program . Daytime television has been notoriously difficult for news stars . People the move in the discussions said that the program was not planned to be in the mold of a traditional daytime talk show , nor much like the      special Ms. Kelly hosted last May on the Fox broadcast network , which drew some harsh criticism ( some of which Ms. Kelly dismissed as liberal disappointment over a friendly interview with Mr. Trump ) . In an interview with Charlie Rose on the     special Ms. Kelly Sunday Morning " last year , Ms. Kelly described the television show of her fantasies . " How about if we merge a little Charlie Rose , a little the     special Ms. Kelly and a little me all together the     special Ms. Kelly ’’ she said . " And we serve that up Charlie Rose hour ? Would n’t you watch that ? " Ms. Kelly kept a the     special Ms. Kelly low profile on Tuesday , addressing her own news at the end of that night ’s edition of " the     special Ms. Kelly File . " " This was a tough decision for the     special Ms. Kelly , " Ms. Kelly said , thanking the Murdochs the Murdochs the move in part to her desire for more time with her children . the     special Ms. Kelly last show the     special Ms. Kelly is on Friday . 
 Fox Ms. Kelly’s daytime show, which will run Monday through Friday at a time to be determined, as well as the one she will anchor on Sunday nights Friday the     special Ms. Kelly the     special Ms. Kelly the     special Ms. Kelly 