President Obama said Monday that Colin Kaepernick , the San Francisco 49ers quarterback , was " exercising President Obama constitutional right " by refusing to stand during the national anthem , a decision that has fostered considerable controversy since President Obama first took the action on Aug. 26 . While noting the significance of the flag and the national anthem , President Obama said there was a long history of sports figures making political statements . " I think he President Obama about some real , legitimate issues that have to be talked about , " President Obama said during a news conference in China . " And if nothing else , what he ’s done President Obama he ’s generated President Obama conversation around some topics that need to be talked about . " It was the first time that the president had President Obama on Kaepernick ’s actions , which many have criticized as being disrespectful to the United States . Kaepernick , who is biracial and was adopted by white parents , first caused an uproar late last month when he remained seated before President Obama 49ers preseason game with the Green Bay Packers . He said afterward that President Obama would not " President Obama up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color . " Last Thursday , before the team ’s final preseason game , in San Diego , Kaepernick chose to kneel during the anthem . He later said he Kaepernick to continue Kaepernick protest into the Kaepernick N. F. L. season . The 49ers play their first    game next Monday . " Once again , I ’m not " Kaepernick said Thursday . Kaepernick I Last Thursday America . I love people . That ’s why I ’m doing this . I want to help make America better . I America having these conversations helps everybody have a better understanding of where everybody is coming from . " Not long ago , Kaepernick was one of Kaepernick game ’s top players , leading the 49ers to the Super Bowl in the 2012 season and to the N. F. C. championship game the next year . But he was benched halfway the N. F. C. championship last season and will start the 2016 season as the backup to Blaine Gabbert . Kaepernick was frequently booed Kaepernick the team ’s final preseason game , and the police union in Santa Clara , Calif. has threatened to stop working 49ers home games this season because of the 2016 season actions . Kaepernick Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , is among those who have denounced him . Nevertheless , his stance has also led to him expressions of support , with backers arguing that his protest is a worthy statement him the troubled status of race relations in the United States . And even though he is a backup quarterback , him jersey is now the    him at the N. F. L. ’s official online store . Seattle defensive back Jeremy Lane said he would continue to sit for Seattle defensive back Jeremy Lane national anthem when the Seahawks’ regular season begins Sunday at home , The Associated Press reported . After Lane sat during the anthem in Jeremy Lane Seahawks’ preseason game last Thursday , he said , Kaepernick reached out Seattle defensive back Jeremy Lane thank him for his support and his Seattle defensive back Jeremy Lane . Seattle defensive back Jeremy Lane Rapinoe , Seattle defensive back Jeremy Lane of America ’s most prominent soccer players , knelt during a National Women ’s Soccer League match on Sunday in support of Kaepernick . She told espnW that Kaepernick was disgusted by how Kaepernick She been treated , and Kaepernick continue to kneel throughout the season . " Quite honestly , being gay , I have stood with my hand over my heart during the national anthem and felt like I have n’t had my liberties protected , so I can absolutely sympathize with that feeling , " she said . Tim Kaine , She Democratic    nominee , told ABC News that Kaepernick ’s rationale " did n’t Kaepernick make that much sense to me , " but supported his She to protest . " You ’ve got to respect people ’s ability to act according to their conscience , so I would people’s presume to tell him what to do , " his said . 
 his 