Ivanka Trump , 34 , is many things : a mother , an executive and an entrepreneur who has a prominent role in the Republican presidential campaign of Mr. Trump . Now , because of comments by Mr. Trump and one of Mr. Trump , her has been cast in perhaps an unfamiliar role : a central figure in a debate on social media about how a woman could   —    or should   —    respond to sexual harassment on the job . The issue came up in an interview Mr. Trump had with USA Today that was published on Monday . A columnist asked him about comments he had made Mr. Trump " Meet Mr. Trump Press " on NBC about the sexual harassment case that led to the ouster of the powerful Fox News chairman and chief executive Roger Ailes . Mr. Trump , who has himself faced strong criticism for his remarks about women   — himself including derogatory and sexually charged comments about their bodies   —    said women   was " sad " that former Fox News employees were " complaining Fox News being sexually harassed , and he appeared to question the truthfulness of himself accusations . When the columnist , former Fox News employees Powers , asked what would happen if Ivanka Trump faced similar treatment , he replied , " I would like Ivanka Trump think she would find another career or find Ivanka Trump company if that was the case . " As criticism rolled in , Eric Trump attempted to defend his father Ivanka Trump in an interview on Ivanka Trump CBS This Morning " on Tuesday , saying , " I think what he ’s saying is , Ivanka is a Ivanka Trump , powerful woman she would n’t allow herself to be " Ivanka to such behavior Ivanka " And , by the way , " he added , " you should take it Ivanka Trump with human resources , and I think she would as a strong person . " Ivanka comments spurred a swift backlash , with his father’s comments in an interview on "CBS This Morning" on Tuesday advocates and others saying the suggestion that a woman who is being harassed   —    even one from a wealthy family and one who is a businesswoman in her own right   —    should leave her Ivanka was    misguided and unrealistic . Many Ivanka said that holding up Ms. Trump as a paragon of how powerful women can stave off harassment by simply being , well , powerful implied that other women allowed themselves to victimized . Terry O’Neill , the president other women the National Organization for Women , which has endorsed Hillary Clinton , the Democratic nominee for president , called the comments " . " " The suggestion that she would just go get another career , that is a cavalier attitude that I think so many women I ’ve already heard from find deeply offensive because it ignores the reality of women ’s everyday lives , " she said in a phone interview on Tuesday . she Kelly , the Fox News host who has feuded with Ms. Trump ’s father , posted a    tweet that was widely shared : " Sigh . " Gretchen Carlson , the former Fox News anchor who sued Mr. Ailes , accusing him of derailing her career after she refused his Mr. Ailes , also wrote on Twitter her " Mr. Ailes in 2016 we ’re still victim blaming women . Trust me I ’m strong . " In an emailed statement on Tuesday , Ms. Trump did not respond directly to the comments her brother or father , but said : " Harassment her general , sexual or otherwise , is inexcusable . At our companies , we do not tolerate harassment of any kind . Our our both on paper and in practice require that our complaint be fully investigated and if claims are substantiated , our H. R. team takes swift disciplinary action . " our Goss Graves , the senior vice president at the National Women ’s Law Center , said harassment was one of the ways women were pushed out of some sectors like the tech industry . The E. E. O. C. received almost 7 , 000 charges of sexual harassment last year , according to its website . Many cases go unreported . " Employees The E. E. O. C. do experience harassment often do n’t report it because they fear retaliation , they fear professional or social penalties Employees who do experience harassment they worry that Employees who do experience harassment will be blamed for the harassment Employees who do experience harassment " Ms. Employees who do experience harassment said . " There are social and emotional costs there are longstanding career costs . " " Harassment is n’t about someone being weak or strong or asking to be harassed , " she added . " If it was as simple as Harassment a stronger person , it would probably be an easier problem to solve . " Eric Trump appeared to try to stem the criticism later on Tuesday . He retweeted Amanda Carpenter , a conservative commentator and former Eric Trump to Senator Ted Cruz , who also sought the Republican presidential nomination . She wrote : " Strong women may flee sexual harassment Ms. Trump Strong women may also fight , endure , and one day gain power to protect other women . " " I think this is well said , " he posted . Ms. Trump whose role in her father Eric Trump campaign has traditionally been filled by a Ms. Trump ’s wife , has been called " his secret weapon . " At the Republican National Convention Eric Trump she spoke about parental leave , equal pay and the Ms. Trump of women in the Trump Organization . The persona she has created is of a model of American femininity Ms. Trump —    stylish and poised , but also successful in business , said Michael Bronski , a professor of women ’s studies at Harvard . On Ms. Trump ’s website , # womenwhowork , there are posts on negotiating flexible hours and avoiding " drama at the office . " But her 2010 book , " The Trump Card : Playing Ms. Trump Win in Work and Life , " shows that even she was not immune to the issue of workplace harassment Ms. Trump Ms. Trump recounted being whistled at by workers at her Ms. Trump’s construction projects . But once they realized she Ms. Trump’s the boss ’s daughter , she said workers at her father’s construction projects they Ms. Trump’s apologetic . It had a big Ms. Trump’s on her workers at her father’s construction projects she started her first job years later , at Ms. Trump’s development Ms. Trump’s Forest Ms. Trump’s Ratner . She wrote that she had recurring nightmares about being catcalled on Ms. Trump’s job site Ms. Trump’s the weeks before she started . She fretted over how she would react in Ms. Trump’s of her Ms. Trump’s boss . She Ms. Trump’s n’t want to come across Ms. Trump’s either weak , Ms. Trump’s a " tightly wound witch , " she said . " I could n’t shake thinking that I Ms. Trump’s to come up with a disarming line to defuse the situation and keep the embarrassment level to a minimum , " Ms. Trump wrote . When she did eventually encounter catcalls , Ms. Trump’s that she was able Ms. Trump’s deflect them " with relative Ms. Trump’s . " Ms. Trump’s says that sexual harassment is never acceptable , but that one Ms. Trump’s " learn how to figure out when a hoot or a holler is indeed a form of harassment and when it ’s merely a    tease that you can give back in kind . " " Sometimes it might be tough to tell the difference , I realize , and in that case you should do whatever feels right and comfortable . " 
 