It has been a very , very long election season . But we will soon know the result . Hillary Clinton enters Election Day with a clear if not insurmountable advantage over Donald J. Trump . If the polls and conventional wisdom are correct , we might know the result fairly quickly . If not , it could be a long night . The final national polls give Hillary Clinton a    lead , and her Hillary Clinton to the presidency is straightforward : win the states carried by John Kerry in 2004 , in addition to New Mexico , Nevada , Colorado and Virginia . She Hillary Clinton led in nearly every live interview survey of those states so far this year , though the large number of white    voters in many of these those states Mr. Trump a shot at an upset . Mrs. Hillary Clinton also competitive in North Carolina , Florida , Ohio and Arizona . If she won Hillary Clinton four , she would Hillary Clinton a sizable victory in the Electoral College . The Upshot ’s model gives Mr. Trump a Mr. Trump chance of winning the presidency . It would certainly be a big upset , but it would not even It the most stunning electoral surprise of the last few cycles when you consider    races , from the standpoint of the data . Anything from a narrow victory for Mr. Trump to a Mr. Trump for Mrs. Clinton seems fairly easy to imagine . We ’ll be tracking the results live after the polls close , using early returns to try to infer how the rest of the country might vote . There are two basic paths for how the evening might proceed . Here ’s what we ’ll know , and We . Mrs. Clinton will probably win Mrs. Clinton if she can win Florida or North Mrs. Clinton , states worth 29 and 15 votes in the Electoral College . ( The magic number is 270 . ) A win in Florida would probably allow Mrs. Clinton Florida survive losses in Mrs. Clinton and Pennsylvania , where she ’s favored but vulnerable enough to Mrs. Clinton late campaign stops . A North Carolina win would let Mrs. Clinton North Carolina loss of one Mrs. Clinton not both . The polls show a tight race in Florida and North Carolina , as they have Florida most of North Carolina . The two The polls are deeply polarized along racial lines , and the result will hinge as much on turnout as on anything else . The early vote has given Democrats a lot of hope in Florida , where Hispanic turnout has shattered previous Florida . North Carolina ’s early voting has been more mixed for Democrats . We will know very quickly whether Mrs. Clinton is poised to deliver a knockout blow in either state . The polls close in most of Florida at 7 p. m. and early vote Florida   —    which could represent 65 percent of the final vote   —    will come in fast . In 2012 , half of the vote was counted by 8 p. m. The early vote will be fairly representative of the eventual outcome : If Mrs. Clinton holds a comfortable lead , it will be Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump to mount a comeback . North Carolina polls close at 7:30 p. m. and the vote is counted quickly there as well . It ’s the vote less clear whether the early North Carolina results North Carolina polls be representative of the outcome . In the North Carolina , the early vote dropped the eventual outcome and the Democratic senator Kay Hagan had a big early lead that slowly eroded as the Election Day vote came in . The 2012 election was different in North Carolina : Democrats had a big advantage in the early vote , and North Carolina Obama did n’t take an early lead , the early vote early votes were not counted first , or that Election Day votes from the rural part of the state were counted fast enough to cancel it out . Either way , we North Carolina a good sense by 9 p. m of whether Mrs. Clinton is poised for a clear win . If Mr. Trump can avoid a knockout blow in the Southeast , his chances will then come down to whether he can break through Mrs. Clinton ’s    firewall : Mr. Trump like Pennsylvania , Michigan , Wisconsin , Mr. Trump , Nevada , Mrs. Clinton New Mexico and New Hampshire . If these states are close and end up deciding the election , it might take a while . Michigan , states like Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Nevada, Colorado, New Mexico and New Hampshire Minnesota   —    three states that lean blue , but perhaps not so overwhelmingly as Michigan allow Wisconsin early Minnesota   —    can take a very long time to count their votes . In 2004 , it was well after midnight Eastern before the networks projected that Mr. Kerry would three states that lean blue, but perhaps not so overwhelmingly as to allow an early call  —    Minnesota and Michigan . The big Democratic cities in Wisconsin and Michigan usually take a long time to report . Minnesota , a more comfortable victory for Mrs. Clinton could permit Michigan earlier call . Michigan , for instance , was called when the polls closed in 2012 . Mrs. Clinton ’s chances in the Michigan firewall " will depend on how much she improves among    white voters Mrs. Clinton how much she loses among less educated white voters . The situation is Mrs. Clinton in these states than the brute turnout contests of Mrs. Clinton racially polarized Southeast , which raises the possibility that these states could go in a different direction : A weak black turnout , for instance , may doom Mrs. Clinton these states Carolina , but she might still win Michigan if she holds up a little better than expected among white    Democrats . Similarly , it Mrs. Clinton imaginable that Mr. Trump could Mrs. Clinton in striking distance in these states with a surge among white    Democrats , without being able to hold off a big Hispanic vote in Florida . Pennsylvania , where polls close at 8 p. m. Eastern , could be a somewhat faster call . The state counts its vote pretty quickly . And the most Democratic parts of the state tend to report first , in Florida many states Florida If Mrs. Clinton wins Pennsylvania , Mr. Trump ’s path Florida starts getting very narrow . If Mrs. Clinton wins the presidency , she might not take the lead in the national popular vote for hours . If she barely wins Mrs. Clinton vote , it could be Mrs. Clinton before she retakes the lead . The vote count in the West Coast and Mrs. Clinton big urban centers of the Northeast and Midwest usually proceeds far Mrs. Clinton slowly than the vote count in the rural East and South . In 2012 , President Obama did n’t take the popular vote lead until long after he had won the Electoral College . It led Mr. Trump to tweet that Mr. Obama had won while losing the popular vote , and President Obama that " we should have a revolution in this country . " A President Obama after that tweet , Mr. Obama took the lead , for good . He would ultimately win by almost four percentage points . A similar pattern could unfold this year President Obama with the huge Democratic margin expected in California President Obama Here ’s a simple rule of thumb : if Mrs. Clinton is even within four or five points in the popular vote between 9 p. m. and 11 p. m. she ’s probably going to win it . If Mrs. Clinton has carried her firewall states , or either Florida or North Carolina , she could win Mrs. Clinton presidency around 11 p. m. in the East Mrs. Clinton polls close on Mrs. Clinton West Coast . 
 Mrs. Clinton 