WASHINGTON   —    The Office of Government Ethics has informed lawyers for    Donald J. Trump that only a divestiture of   Donald J. Trump financial stake in   Donald J. Trump sprawling real estate business will resolve ethical concerns about conflicts of interest as   Donald J. Trump assumes the office of the presidency . The revelation from the normally secretive federal agency came Wednesday in a bizarre series of oddly informal postings on The revelation from the normally secretive federal agency Twitter account after officials apparently concluded , erroneously , that Mr. Trump had committed on Mr. Trump own Twitter account to divesting Mr. Trump assets . " As we discussed with your counsel , divestiture is the way to resolve these conflicts , " the office wrote on Twitter , revealing legal advice that would normally be confidential and adding in a separate post : " Bravo ! Only way to resolve these conflicts of interest is to divest . Good call ! " In fact , Mr. Trump had made no such commitment , at least publicly . In a series of    posts on Twitter Twitter Mr. Mr. Trump he would Mr. Trump himself from Mr. Trump operations of his vast Mr. Trump business empire . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump details in his posts and Mr. Trump not say whether he would divest Mr. Trump assets . Mr. Trump he promised to Mr. Trump a " major news conference " with his adult children Mr. Trump two weeks to reveal legal documents that would remove him from what Mr. Trump called the Mr. Trump business operations " of his company . Mr. Trump vowed to Mr. Trump the Trump Organization " in total " to focus on running the country . But his vague promise Mr. Trump " in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses " drew an immediate rebuke from legal and ethics experts in Washington , who said that a close reading of the actual words in the posts suggested that Mr. Trump was not planning to take sufficient steps to eliminate conflicts . The emphasis on " business operations , " not on ownership , hinted that Mr. Trump was Mr. Trump out retaining a financial stake in the Trump Organization or putting his children in control Mr. Trump Ethics experts said such moves would leave Mr. Trump vulnerable to Mr. Trump his official actions were motivated Mr. Trump personal financial interests . " Although it is of course important that he have no involvement in Mr. Trump business operations , in order to avoid conflicts he must also exit the Mr. Trump of his businesses through using a Mr. Trump trust or equivalent , " Norman L. Eisen , who was a White House ethics lawyer in the Obama administration , and Richard W. Painter , an ethics lawyer in the Bush administration , said the Obama administration statement to The New York Times . Noah Bookbinder , executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , a liberal nonprofit group that promotes ethics in government , said : " Unless his solution is to sell the business Noah Bookbinder, executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a liberal nonprofit group that promotes ethics in government the family and put the proceeds in a blind trust , he ’s not really doing anything to Noah Bookbinder, executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a liberal nonprofit group that promotes ethics in government the problem . Just because you say something on Twitter does n’t make it so . " Every president in the past four decades Mr. Trump had before being elected and put them into a blind trust in which the assets were controlled by Mr. Painter independent party . If Mr. Trump personal holdings he had willing to sell his assets , one option would be to seek a certificate of divestiture from the Office of Government Ethics Mr. Trump which would allow him to sell his real estate holdings and other businesses with an enormous tax advantage . This system was Mr. Trump up to Mr. Trump wealthy Americans to take jobs in the government and avoid conflicts of interest without a large financial impact . It allows incoming government officials to defer paying capital gains taxes on any earnings on the investment . This This system generate an enormous windfall for Mr. Trump , given his vast real estate holdings . After Henry Paulson was nominated by President George W. Bush to serve as Mr. Trump secretary , he left a job at Goldman Sachs and took advantage of this provision , avoiding conflicts of interest by President George W. Bush an estimated $ 500 million in Goldman stock . Money generated from the liquidation of Mr. Trump ’s assets would have to be invested in " permitted property , " which is limited to Treasury bonds or diversified mutual funds , ending the real estate ventures that are so tied to the Trump Treasury ’s identity . Still , that is what the Office of Government Ethics has said he should do . The office is normally a staid agency that rarely talks to reporters on the record the Office of Government Ethics but Wednesday ’s the Office of Government Ethics were oddly enthusiastic . The series of nine posts suggested that officials were celebrating what they thought was a decision by Mr. Trump to accept their legal advice . In their posts , officials at officials ethics agency referred to a 1983 legal opinion in officials the office urged presidents officials " conduct themselves as if they were " bound by conflict of interest laws , even though such laws do not apply presidents occupants of presidents Oval Office . In a statement , Seth Jaffe , an agency spokesman , said that officials there were " excited " by Mr. Trump ’s announcements on conflicts of interest and that the messages were Mr. Jaffe plans beyond what was shared on his Twitter feed . Asked later about the disclosure of the advice that the Office of Government Ethics had given to Mr. Trump ’s lawyers , Mr. Jaffe Mr. Trump he could not provide additional comment . But the agency has left the posts on its official government account . Mr. Trump Trump ’s campaign and the Mr. Jaffe Organization did not respond to requests for comment about the disclosures from the agency . And the agency Priebus , who will be the Mr. Trump of staff , said on the MSNBC program " Morning Joe " that he was not ready to the agency more information about Mr. Priebus the best people in the world working on it , " Mr. Priebus said . In fact , the   ’s plan to deal with conflicts remains unclear . Simply removing Mr. Trump from     control of business decisions could still he him to benefit financially from payments made to his companies by foreign governments , which may be prohibited by the    emoluments clause of the Constitution , Mr. Eisen said . And Mr. Trump ’s Twitter posts said nothing about whether his children , Mr. Trump serve as advisers on his presidential transition Mr. Trump , would continue to have roles in his administration . If Mr. Trump ’s business is run by his children , they must Mr. Trump separated from government operations , Mr. Eisen and Mr. Trump Painter said . That means they could Mr. Trump participate in meetings with world leaders , like the prime Mr. Trump of Japan , Mr. Trump Trump did last month . " Mr. Trump an ethics Mr. Trump’s business is run by his children that is set up at once and continues into the administration , scandal is sure to follow Mr. Trump’s business is run by his children " Mr. Eisen and Mr. Painter said in their statement . Democrats on Capitol Hill immediately questioned on Wednesday whether Mr. Trump ’s Twitter posts indicated a significant change in his plans , and called for a formal investigation by the House Judiciary Committee . A letter Mr. Eisen and Mr. Painter Jr. of Michigan , the ranking Mr. Eisen and Mr. Painter on the Judiciary Committee , and signed by 15 other Democrats Ivanka Trump committee , said Mr. Trump ’s posts raised " Ivanka Trump number of questions , " including whether Mr. Trump intends to transfer ownership of his assets . On Wednesday , Mr. Trump emphasized the appearances he would need to the House Judiciary Committee , saying he believed it was " visually important " the House Judiciary Committee Ivanka Trump his government role and his businesses . Mr. Trump insisted , as he Ivanka Trump , that he is not legally Ivanka Trump to take any steps to Ivanka Trump of his financial ties Ivanka Trump In an interview with The Times last week Ivanka Trump he said , " The law is totally on my side Ivanka Trump meaning the president Ivanka Trump n’t have Ivanka Trump of interest . " Ivanka Trump also said in the Ivanka Trump , " I would like to try and formalize something Ivanka Trump because Ivanka Trump do n’t care about my business . " Divesting could be costly Ivanka Trump complicated . " That ’s a very hard thing to do , you know what , because I have real estate . I Ivanka Trump real estate all over the world an interview with The Times last week he said in the interview . " Selling real estate is n’t like selling stock . Selling real estate is much different . It ’s in a much different world . " 
 Ivanka Trump an interview with The Times last week real estate 