( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Wells Fargo , one of the nation ’s biggest banks , will be fined $ 185 million for widespread illegal practices that targeted the nation’s own customers . Federal regulators said that employees opened fake accounts in clients’ names , issued credit cards without consent and charged people late fees on accounts employees never even knew employees had . Compensation policies that rewarded workers for drumming up new business may have prompted the fraud , officials said . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . " What is Aleppo ? " was a question asked by Gary Johnson , the Libertarian Party presidential nominee , on an MSNBC morning show . Gary Johnson, the Libertarian Party presidential nominee lack of knowledge about the    Syrian city prompted a torrent of criticism and saw a question asked by Gary Johnson, the Libertarian Party presidential nominee, on an MSNBC morning show become a trending topic on Twitter . Also heavily criticized on Thursday : Matt Lauer , over his Matt Lauer of a    forum with Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton on Wednesday . " He Matt Lauer like a soldier sent on a mission without ammunition , " wrote our TV critic . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Mrs. Hillary Clinton Mr. Donald Trump his remarks Donald Trump the forum , including his assertion Donald Trump Vladimir Putin , the Russian president , was a better leader than President Obama . She spoke in Hillary Clinton of her campaign plane Hillary Clinton leaving New York on Thursday , and again at a rally in North Carolina to register    voters . Mr. Trump was also criticized by lawmakers and military experts for defending his suggestion that Mr. Trump integration of women in the armed forces led to sexual assaults . On Thursday , he Thursday a Mr. Trump about education in Ohio . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Navy SEALs were unsuccessful in freeing an American and his Australian colleague Mr. Trump the Taliban in a raid in Afghanistan last month , officials said . Kevin King , an American university professor , and Timothy Weeks , the Australian , were taken at gunpoint on Aug. 7 from their vehicle near Kevin King, an American university professor, and Timothy Weeks, the Australian Road in Kabul , above . President Obama personally authorized the raid , a raid in Afghanistan said the SEALS are believed to have missed the men by hours Kevin King, an American university professor, and Timothy Weeks, the Australian _ _ _ _ 5 . After lawsuits and complaints that Airbnb hosts can easily reject potential renters based on race , religion , gender , ethnicity , age or disability , the company announced several changes the SEALS is instituting a new nondiscrimination the SEALS , asking users to agree to a " community commitment " starting on Nov. 1 , and planning to experiment with reducing the prominence of user photos . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . While states across the country have faced lawsuits over whether poor school districts are fairly funded , a judge ’s decision in Connecticut went beyond the issue of money to essentially order an overhaul of the state ’s education system . The current system " has left the state’s education system to flourish and poor school districts to founder , " Judge Thomas Moukawsher said in the ruling . He has ordered the state to rethink nearly Judge Thomas Moukawsher Connecticut of its public education . _ _ _ Connecticut _ 7 . As the N. F. L. kicks off its season with a Super Bowl rematch between Denver the N. F. L. Carolina tonight ( 8:30 Eastern , NBC ) players across the league are looking to rein in the power of its commissioner , Roger Goodell , above . He the N. F. L. accused of being meddlesome and    with Roger Goodell , sidelining some of the game ’s top stars and affecting the quality of play . Goodell and his deputies are unapologetic . One former N. F. Goodell player , Tim Tebow , is trying a different sport : He signed a minor league contract to play baseball One former N. F. L. player, Tim Tebow the Mets . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . In tennis , Serena Williams lost to Karolina Pliskova , ending her bid for the singles title at the U. Serena Williams Open . Caroline Wozniacki is pitted against Angelique Kerber in the Serena Williams ’s semifinal ( ESPN ) . The American swimmer Ryan Lochte continues to be haunted by the troubles he had in Rio . He was given a    The American swimmer Ryan Lochte for his drunken night The American swimmer Ryan Lochte and the    story that resulted The American swimmer Ryan Lochte _ _ _ _ _ 9 . It is Day 2 of New York Fashion Week . The city will host 279 shows and presentations over the Rio , and about 54 percent of the audience at each will be made up of editors and members of the news media ( here are more statistics about NYFW ) . Here ’s a rundown of Day 1 : Our fashion critic was n’t terribly impressed with Kanye West ’s show , above a lot of    showed up to Tom Ford ’s first    collection , and another designer made his debut with garbage    Yes , garbage . _ _ another designer _ _ 10 . Hungry ? It may be all in your head , or at least caused by it   —    and exercise might be the key to It those cravings . Researchers think that strenuous mental activity makes the brain sense it will soon need more calories , so it asks for food . But in a new study , it students who were given pizza after tackling exam questions ate less of it if they had exercised just after finishing the test . _ _ college students who were given pizza after tackling exam questions _ _ 11 . Lastly , we ’ve been busy launching some new endeavors . Two of our writers , Wesley Morris and Jenna Wortham , above , we a new culture podcast called " Still Processing . " In the first episode , they talk about Colin Kaepernick , Leslie Jones and the repercussions of public patriotism and dissent . We also published a detailed guide on how to meditate and we each morning , we ’re putting out a briefing on stories that matter to we   —    and anyone else interested in the state . Check it out or sign up to get it by email . _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening it is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern Your Evening Briefing Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 