The Republican Party ’s trek into the darkness took a fateful step in Indiana on Tuesday . The Hoosier State delivered an     victory to Donald Trump , who beat Ted Cruz soundly in Indiana , sweeping up at least 51 delegates . On the Democratic side , Bernie Sanders won an unexpected victory over Hillary Clinton , though it was not enough to halt her Hillary Clinton to the nomination . Shortly after the Republican race was called , Mr. Ted Cruz that he was Ted Cruz his campaign Ted Cruz leaving Gov. John Kasich as the sole rival to Mr. Trump in the G. O. P. contest . That the    had hoped to fall back on Mr. Cruz Ted Cruz the most reviled politician in his party , Ted Cruz a measure of their panic about the prospect now before them . With their Trump ’s Mr. Trump in the G. O. P. contest " I ’m watching a     political party commit suicide , " said Henry Olsen , an elections analyst with the Ethics and Public Policy Center , a conservative think tank . Republicans will all but certainly nominate Mr. Trump , who would be the most volatile and least prepared presidential candidate nominated by a major party in modern times . A man once ridiculed by many prominent Republicans will become the G. O. P.   . This is a moment of reckoning for the Republican Party . It ’s incumbent on This leadership to account This the failures and betrayals that led to this , and find a better way to address them than the demagogy the failures and betrayals that led to this offer . Republicans have n’t yet begun to grapple with this . Instead they this falling into Republicans . Republican leaders have for years failed to think about much of anything beyond winning the next election . Year after year , the party ’s candidates promised help for    people who lost their homes , jobs the party’s candidates savings to recession , who lost limbs and    to war , and then did next to nothing . That Mr. Trump was able to enthrall voters by promising simply to " Make America Great Again "   —    but offering only xenophobic , isolationist or fantastical ideas   —    is testimony to how thoroughly they reject the politicians Mr. Trump was able to enthrall voters by promising simply to "Make America Great Again"  —   but offering only xenophobic, isolationist or fantastical ideas  —    betrayed them . Now , Mr. Trump was able to enthrall voters by promising simply to "Make America Great Again"  —   but offering only xenophobic, isolationist or fantastical ideas  —    as ever , Republican leaders are talking themselves into supporting Mr. Republican leaders . At a party retreat in Florida last month , Mr. Trump ’s adviser Mr. Trump brought in to make the candidate seem safer to the old guard , assured them that Mr. Trump Republican leaders better prepare himself Mr. Trump presidency . " That Mr. Trump all most of these guys needed to hear , " said an operative in the room . " Maybe he ’s trainable . " But within Mr. Trump day , Mr. Trump was back to making vile Mr. Trump his rallies . In his confused foreign policy Mr. Trump , he demonstrated Mr. Trump but a willful refusal to Mr. Trump . Some Republicans still seem to hope they can direct voters’ attention past the Trump Some Republicans . Last week in Washington , Mr. Trump Ryan , the speaker of the House , told a dismayed young Republican at Georgetown University to try not to worry so much about Mr. Trump . " I would just ask Mr. Trump raise your gaze and look at the horizon that we ’re trying to paint , " he said , promoting # ConfidentAmerica , his plan Mr. Trump create a plan . Its mission Mr. Trump like this : " We do not like the direction the country is going , and we have an obligation to offer an alternative . We ’s why House Republicans are developing a bold ,    agenda to take to the country . By giving the people a clear the country 2016 , we can earn a mandate to do big things in 2017 and beyond . " It is the Republicans who are making a clear choice in 2016 , one that seemed unimaginable a year ago : To stamp what they still like to call the party of Lincoln with the Republicans who are making a clear choice in 2016, one that seemed unimaginable a year ago brand of Donald Trump . 
 