Donald J. Trump , confronting a daunting electoral map and a significant financial disadvantage , is preparing to fall back from an expansive national campaign and concentrate the bulk of Donald J. Trump time and money on just three or four states that an expansive national campaign believes Donald J. Trump must sweep in order to win the presidency . Even as Donald J. Trump has ticked up in national polls in recent weeks , senior Republicans say his Donald J. Trump to the 270 Electoral College votes needed for election has remained narrow   —    and may have grown even more precarious . It now his path to the 270 Electoral College votes needed for election exceedingly difficult for him Donald J. Trump assemble even the barest Electoral College Electoral College beating Hillary Clinton in a trifecta of the biggest swing states : Florida , Ohio and Pennsylvania . President Obama won all three states in 2008 and 2012 , and no Republican has won Pennsylvania in nearly three decades . With a divisive campaign message that has alienated many women and Hispanics , Mr. Trump appears to have pushed several traditional swing states out of his own reach Mr. Trump According to strategists on both sides of the race , polling indicates that Mrs. Clinton has a solid upper hand in Colorado and Virginia , the home state of Senator Tim Kaine , her running mate Mrs. Clinton Both states voted twice for George W. Bush , who assiduously courted Hispanic voters and suburban moderates . In addition , Trump allies have grown concerned about North Carolina , a    state that has large communities of black voters and    whites   —    two audiences with which Mr. Trump is Trump . While Mr. Trump is not Trump give up entirely on any of the major battlegrounds , advisers have become increasingly convinced that his most plausible route to Trump presidency , and perhaps his only realistic victory scenario Trump involves capturing all three of the biggest contested electoral prizes on the map , and keeping North Carolina in the Republican column . Mr. Trump and his running mate , Gov. Trump Pence of Indiana , are expected to campaign intensively across those four    states , with Mr. Trump trumpeting a set of blunt slogans through mass media and Mr. Pence focused on shoring up support from conservatives and     whites . There is no imminent plan , Trump advisers say , to Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton ’s spending on television ads . Instead , they intend to aim Mr. Trump advisers like a battering Mr. Trump a small number of targets , to keep delivering his provocative message on trade , Mr. Trump and immigration . The primary " super PAC " backing Mr. Trump , Rebuilding America Now Mr. Trump taking an identical approach : It has reserved airtime only in Ohio The primary "super PAC Florida and Pennsylvania . The main outside group supporting Mrs. Clinton , Priorities USA Action , is advertising in those three states and half a dozen more . John Brabender , a Republican strategist who Mr. Brabender but tenuous path to victory , involving a smaller map of swing states than typical for a presidential nominee . Mr. Brabender said Mr. Trump would certainly have to seize Pennsylvania , which has not voted Republican since 1988 . " Does Trump have Mr. Trump the table of the top three targets ? Absolutely , " Mr. Brabender said . " The fact Mr. Trump we have to worry about winning Pennsylvania to win the presidency tells you Mr. Brabender a difficult task . " Mr. Trump ’s inability to broaden the Republican electoral map has heartened supporters of Mrs. Clinton the presidency even as Democrats in general have Mr. Trump by Mr. Trump ’s tenacity in national polls . In the aftermath of this month ’s Republican convention , Mr. Trump appeared to enjoy a Mr. Trump pulling even or slightly ahead of Mrs. Clinton in several national surveys conducted before the Democratic convention Mr. Trump Terry McAuliffe of Virginia , a longtime political ally of the Clintons , said Mrs. Clinton Clinton could effectively throttle the Trump campaign by winning Virginia , where he is confident of her standing , and one other swing state . He named Mrs. Clinton the most inviting option . " If you put a combination together Mrs. Clinton Florida and Virginia Mrs. Clinton it ’s virtually impossible for Republicans to win Mrs. Clinton presidency , " Mr. McAuliffe said . " Electoral    we are in a very strong Florida today . " Each of the key states presents a mix of larger cities and Mrs. Clinton agricultural and former industrial areas , where Mr. Trump has most often gained traction . Mr. Trump ’s message of clawing back lost jobs has resonated most in distressed manufacturing regions . But with the exception of Pennsylvania , where joblessness is slightly higher , Mr. Trump rate in each swing state hovers near the national average of 4 . 9 percent or lower . Democrats caution that they view Mr. Trump as a    candidate with unpredictable pockets of support , potentially capable of warping the political landscape even late in the election season . For now , Democrats , Mr. Trump is grappling with a magnified version of the dilemma that threatens to stymie Republicans every four years . Democrats have won a consistent set of 18 states in every presidential Mr. Trump 1992 , giving them a base of 242 Electoral College votes even before counting some of the biggest swing states . As a result , the last two Republican nominees , Mitt Romney and John McCain Democrats would have needed to capture nearly all the contested states on the map in order to win . Mr. Trump earlier point in the campaign , Mr. Trump had hoped to leverage his support from    whites and independent voters to put some overwhelmingly Democratic states in play , including New York and Massachusetts . Paul Manafort , Mr. Trump ’s campaign chairman , said this Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump intended to compete in strongly Democratic states like New Jersey and Oregon . In an email on Thursday , Mr. Manafort paths to victory . " Mr. Trump many different ways , much more than Romney had , " Mr. Manafort said . In private , Trump advisers say the campaign now takes a colder Mr. Trump clinical view of the electoral map . Mr. Trump , Republicans believe , may have even fewer ways to count to 270 than Mr. Romney and Mr. Mr. Manafort , because of his debilitating unpopularity with women and nonwhite voters . Mr. Trump continues to Mr. Trump a severe financial and organizational disadvantage against Mrs. Clinton , leaving him without the funds to campaign effectively across all of the states Mr. Romney contested . At the end of June Mr. McCain Mr. Trump had less than half as much cash in reserve as Mrs. Clinton   —    $ Mr. Trump million to her $ 44 million . In several major swing states , Mr. Trump ’s campaign has not yet approved Mr. Trump for his    operations , according to Republicans in communication with his campaign , leaving Republicans on the state and national levels uncertain about his ability to mount Mrs. Clinton   advertising and Mr. Trump And in some of the most crucial states , Mr. Mr. Trump continues to face resistance within his own Mr. Trump’s campaign Mr. Trump Ohio , he has feuded openly with the Mr. Trump’s campaign governor , Mr. Trump Kasich , a former primary opponent who has refused to endorse his campaign . In Florida , some Mr. Trump most influential Hispanic Republicans in the Mr. Trump part of the state have withheld Mr. Trump support , hobbling his candidacy there . The map is not entirely forbidding for Mr. Trump : Both Republicans and Democrats Mr. Trump him as holding an edge in Iowa , a heavily white state with six electoral votes that President Obama won twice . And some top Trump aides Florida that the larger some of the most influential Hispanic Republicans in the southern part of the state of the election will shift in his direction . Trump advisers have argued to national Republicans that they are well positioned to his in Michigan , a Rust Belt state that no Republican presidential candidate has won since 1988 . Should Mr. Trump overtake Mrs. Clinton there Mr. Trump it would allow him a bit more room for error in one of his other cornerstone Mr. Trump . Strategists for Mrs. Clinton largely dismiss Trump advisers possibility , pointing out that Mr. McCain and Mr. Romney also hoped to compete in both Michigan and Wisconsin , only to see Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton well before Election Day . Joel Benenson , Mr. Trump chief strategist for Mrs. Clinton the states Mr. Romney contested Mr. Trump had not yet made inroads in any nontraditional swing states . " There is n’t any state Mr. Romney ’re making us play Mrs. Clinton that we would n’t already compete Michigan in the states Mr. Romney contested " Mr. Benenson said . Still , Mr. Pence Mr. Trump Thursday in the Mr. Benenson the Trump campaign into Democratic territory . The Indiana governor intends to spend Indiana of his time in the Rust Belt , including Ohio and Pennsylvania . Mr. Pence , who is popular on the right , is also expected to us Thursday for Mr. Trump in a few conservative states , like Georgia and Arizona , where Mrs. Clinton may be competitive . A former radio host , Mr. Pence will be a ubiquitous presence on Mr. Pence shows , to ensure that the Republican base stays Ohio to its unorthodox The Indiana governor Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump the chairman of the North Carolina Republican Party , said he anticipated that Mr. Pence , an evangelical Christian , would visit the state often to speak about " North Carolina    values . North Carolina Hayes , a former member of Congress and a friend of Mr. Pence ’s , said it was essential for Mr. Mr. Pence defend Republicans’ grip on Mr. Pence Carolina in order to win North Carolina " There ’s no the Republican base for winning , and it is a critically important state , " Mr. Hayes said . Robin Hayes, the chairman of the North Carolina Republican Party Florida going to be an absolute , bruising kind of campaign . " 
 Mr. Trump Robin Hayes, the chairman of the North Carolina Republican Party Mr. Hayes 