The nation ’s health insurers , resigned to the idea that Republicans will repeal the Affordable Care Act , on Tuesday publicly outlined for the first time what the industry wants to stay in the state marketplaces , which have provided millions of Americans with insurance under the law . The insurers , some which have already started leaving the marketplaces because the marketplaces are losing money , say The insurers, some which have already started leaving the marketplaces because they are losing money need a clear commitment from the Trump administration and congressional leaders that the government will continue offsetting some costs for    people . The insurers, some which have already started leaving the marketplaces because they are losing money also want to keep in place rules that encourage young and healthy people to sign up , which the insurers say are crucial to a stable market for individual buyers . The demands are a sort of warning shot to Republicans . While the party is eager to repeal the law as quickly as possible , and many have promised a replacement , the law members are sharply divided over what shape any new plan should take . If its members do not come up with an alternative , more than 22 million people would be left uninsured , including the more than 10 million who have bought individual plans on state marketplaces . On Tuesday , Ms. Tavenner Health Insurance Plans , a leading industry trade group , warned that the state marketplaces were already on unstable financial footing . Failing to continue the funding aimed at    Americans , she said , would have    consequences because Marilyn Tavenner, the chief executive of America’s Health Insurance Plans, a leading industry trade group business would become much tougher for insurers . " The market has already been a little wobbly this year , " Ms. Tavenner said . " If insurance companies believe    subsidies will not continue , they are going to pull out of the insurance companies believe    during the next logical opportunity . The market could decide within a few months whether to pull out of the state marketplaces for 2018 , a deadline they are pushing to have delayed . The trade Insurers , one of two major groups representing insurers , was a major force in the passage of the law in 2010 and is expected to be influential in its discussions with Republicans . While its clout has the law reduced by the departure of the law members like the UnitedHealth Group , the organization has a powerful voice in Congress . the law Cross Blue Shield Association , the other major trade group , has not yet said what it needs from Republican lawmakers to continue operating in the the law . Ms. Tavenner , a former Medicare official in charge of overseeing the creation of the state marketplaces , brings deep knowledge of both the government ’s and the industry ’s roles in health care . She said her group had begun meeting with members of ’s roles in health care and ’s roles in health care staffs . Hospital groups also held a news conference her group Tuesday to warn of what they said would be the dire financial consequences of a Hospital groups if the cuts to hospital funding that were part of the Affordable Care Act were not also restored . While insurers say they do not plan to fight the Republicans’ efforts to insurers the law , they are in no hurry to see it unwound . insurers Ms. Tavenner said the industry would the law a delay so it could prepare for the changes . " We would the industry to see a    time frame , as long as possible , " she said . The marketplaces , now three years old Ms. Tavenner have not become as robust as expected by many of the people behind the Affordable Care Act . Even President Obama , who pushed the law and the marketplaces through Congress , has suggested some improvements . Some of the largest insurers , like UnitedHealth and Aetna , have stopped selling policies on some of the state marketplaces after losing hundreds of millions of dollars , and other insurers say they are still debating whether to stay in the market other insurers Many have raised their premiums sharply . Ms. Tavenner acknowledged that the current other insurers " needed to be improved . " But she emphasized that there was widespread agreement among Republicans about Ms. Tavenner need for some the law ’s provisions , including covering people with expensive medical conditions .    Donald J. Trump has also signaled his support of this popular provision . " There are Donald J. Trump starting platforms , " she said . Ms. Tavenner did not give many details Ms. Tavenner her group Ms. Tavenner , but she said its top priority Ms. Tavenner to stop the immediate threat Ms. Tavenner eliminating her group’s subsidies for plans sold to    people . House Republicans have already sued to block these payments , and the lawsuit is now delayed . If the new administration chose not to defend the lawsuit , the money would disappear , and insurers would the lawsuit to the exits because fewer potential customers would be available . Another of the industry ’s concerns is ensuring that enough young and healthy people sign up to stabilize the market . Republicans have discussed eliminating one of the law ’s main tools , the    individual mandate , a tax levied on those who do not enroll . In talking with Congress , Ms. Tavenner said , her members are emphasizing the need for some alternative , especially after Ms. Tavenner by insurers that the penalty is not large enough to persuade enough people to enroll . " There ’s not one magic solution , " she said . She pointed to some of the provisions in Medicare Ms. Tavenner encourage people Ms. Tavenner sign up before they become sick . And she discussed some options to ease how people price their policies to Ms. Tavenner able to offer plans that are less expensive insurers younger people . She also argued that the insurers had no desire to return to Ms. Tavenner time before the law was passed , when people with    conditions were routinely denied coverage in the individual market . Still , the industry seems willing to embrace some of the ideas being discussed by Republicans , including giving individuals more choices of plans and more accountability for the cost of their health care . Republicans also seem eager to put the states individuals charge of some of the details of how coverage in both the individual market and Medicaid will look . Ms. Tavenner said the industry had a long history of working with state insurance regulators . Republicans are discussing other ways to stabilize the market , including the creation of    pools , where people with expensive medical conditions might be covered , bringing down the coverage costs for everyone else . " We would hesitate to rush back to that , " Ms. Tavenner said . In the past , those programs , typically Ms. Tavenner the states , have not been adequately funded , she noted . The insurers are also beginning to discuss a potential overhaul Ms. Tavenner Medicare , pushed by the House speaker , Paul D. Ryan , who favors    premium support , or vouchers , as a way for people to find coverage . " We ’re not big fans of that approach , " said Ms. Tavenner , although she said the industry would be open to discussing it . Ms. Tavenner Ms. Tavenner the industry wanted to know more about what the industry Republicans Ms. Tavenner , including the industry the fate of the Medicaid expansion under the law . " We still have more questions than answers , " she said . " We do n’t want to disrupt individuals who are relying Ms. Tavenner our coverage , " We said . 
 Ms. Tavenner We 