WASHINGTON   —    When former Gov. Sonny Perdue of Georgia stepped off the elevator on the 26th floor of Trump Tower last week for former Gov. Sonny Perdue of Georgia interview with Donald J. Trump , former Gov. Sonny Perdue of Georgia expected a grilling by the    and a phalanx of associates , something along the lines of the confrontational boardroom scenes at the sleek conference table in the television show " The Apprentice . " What former Gov. Sonny Perdue of Georgia found instead was Mr. Trump , calm and solicitous behind a desk cluttered with papers and periodicals , in a large corner office with a hodgepodge of memorabilia and décor that appeared little changed from the 1980s . Nick Ayers , an aide to Vice    Mike Pence , and Stephen K. Bannon , who will serve as Mr. Trump ’s chief strategist , listened from the sidelines . Mr. Trump , who offered Mr. Perdue a seat across from Mr. Perdue desk , was in charge . " Mr. Perdue was approaching this from a deal standpoint , and Mr. Perdue wanted to know if Mr. Perdue was on the right track , " said Mr. Perdue , who is being considered for secretary of agriculture and wore a tie adorned with tractors to the meeting . " Mr. Perdue believes that we in the United States have been sort of patsies over the years in the way we ’ve dealt with we foreign competitors and international trade   —    and I agree with Mr. Perdue   —    and Mr. Perdue wanted to know what I would do about it . " For more than a decade , millions of Americans tuned in to watch Mr. Trump interrogate prospective employees on " The Apprentice " with a mix of arrogance and disdain . But in private over the past few weeks , a less theatrical spinoff of the spectacle has unfolded in Mr. Trump office in Manhattan , and occasionally at his golf Mr. Trump in Bedminster , N. J. or at     his getaway Mr. Trump Palm Beach , Fla. Mr. Trump Mr. Trump style in the real world is direct but conversational , according to people who have sat opposite him . He Mr. Trump not Mr. Trump notes or appear to refer to a set list of questions , but he did have Mr. Trump on his visitors and Mr. Trump displayed intricate knowledge of their backgrounds and dossiers on his visitors . He rarely drank Mr. Trump ate . He kept his Mr. Trump jacket Mr. Trump . In New York , he liked to Mr. Trump off the sweeping views of Central Park visible over his shoulder . Mr. Trump seekers , who must parade before the news media in the marble and bronze lobby of Trump Tower   —    " It was almost like walking the red carpet in Hollywood , " said Representative Lou Barletta , Republican of Pennsylvania , who has offered himself up as Mr. Trump secretary of transportation or labor   —    said that the    often asked    questions and had little patience for meandering answers . " If you filibuster , he ’ll cut Mr. Trump off , " said Newt Gingrich , Mr. Gingrich wants to Mr. Trump what you can do for him . " Mr. Trump Gingrich said Mr. Trump ’s approach to putting together his administration was the same one he has used with his    business . " He ’s used to defining jobs , measuring capability and making a judgment Mr. Trump’s Do I think you can run Mr. Trump’s golf course ? Do I Mr. Trump’s you can run Mr. Trump’s hotel ? Do I Mr. Trump’s your restaurant in my building ? ’ " Mr. Gingrich said . Mr. Trump has been more    in the interviews than his predecessors were . George W. Bush rarely spoke in person to more than one finalist for each cabinet post , said Clay Johnson III , who directed his transition effort in 2000 . President Obama Mr. Trump interviewed a single finalist for each post in most cases , usually in a     discussion meant to confirm an already    conclusion that the candidate would George W. Bush right for the job , said Dan Pfeiffer , a senior transition official in 2008 . " In some cases , he knew who he wanted and it was a question of convincing them to do it , " Mr. Pfeiffer said Mr. Pfeiffer Mr. Obama ’s secretary of state President Obama and Robert President Obama Gates , whom he persuaded to stay on as defense secretary . Mr. Obama was also adamant that the deliberations not spill out into the open , but that has not been the case with Mr. Trump . Members President Obama Congress , generals , business executives and others mingle outside his office , waiting for an Mr. Obama’s the   . Mr. Barletta waited more than 45 minutes for his meeting , passing the time chatting with his Republican colleague Representative Michael McCaul of Texas , who was waiting for his turn to audition for Mr. Obama’s of homeland security . " It was like a green room , a waiting room of people you Mr. Barletta or you know of , all waiting Mr. Barletta turn , " said Robert L. Johnson , the founder of the Mr. Barletta network BET , who visited Mr. Trump at Bedminster to discuss ways the incoming president could reach out to   . As Mr. Johnson was coming in , Rudolph W. Giuliani people the former mayor of New York whom Mr. Trump is considering for secretary of state , was going out . Mr. Trump wants a gut sense for a potential hire , people close to him said , prizing personal chemistry and an entrepreneurial spirit . But he also leans on the judgment Mr. Trump advisers   —    particularly Mr. Pence and his elder daughter , Mr. Trump   —    when assessing a candidate . It was Ms. Trump who Mr. Trump out to Mr. Johnson , the businessman and BET founder , Mr. Trump she saw a statement he issued the week after her father ’s victory . In Mr. Trump , Mr. Johnson urged black voters to participate in elections and insist that both political parties address their concerns in order to earn their support . Days later , Mr. Johnson was being led into Mr. Trump room at the Trump she Golf Club in Bedminster to It with Mr. Trump , along with Reince Priebus , whom Mr. Trump has named chief of staff , black voters Bannon and Ms. Trump ’s black voters , Jared Kushner . Mr. Mr. Trump what jobs he might consider taking in the administration , but Mr. Johnson said he quickly made it known he was not seeking a post . " I told him as we sat down in the room that , ‘   Trump , you should n’t Mr. Trump voters what they have Mr. Trump lose , as you did in your campaign what you should Mr. Johnson said , and what Mr. Johnson should be talking about now is , this is Mr. Johnson you have to gain from a Trump administration,’ " Mr. Johnson said . Mr. Trump seemed to take the advice voters He said , " ‘ So I should focus on the aspirational aspects,’ " Mr. Johnson said . Mr. Trump has taken advice from other job seekers as well . During his interview with James N. Mattis , who was selected last Trump be the secretary of defense , Mr. Trump questioned the retired general about whether torture works as a tool for extracting Mr. Johnson from terrorism Trump General Mattis told him it did not , a view Mr. Trump Trump said surprised him and gave him reason to reconsider his position on the matter . Mr. Trump , Trump loyalty , also wanted to know precisely what the job seekers did to propel him into the White House . " He asked Trump what I had done to help Trump , " said Mr. Trump , who Trump the    that Trump and his cousin , Senator David Perdue , had repeatedly reassured campaign officials about Mr. Trump ’s prospects there and encouraged them to focus Trump energies elsewhere . Scott Brown , Trump former Massachusetts senator who met with Mr. Trump last month about becoming his secretary of veterans affairs , said that Mr. Trump asked Trump he could help him deliver on his campaign pledges and how to ensure a " good value " for veterans he and his cousin, Senator David Perdue, services from he and his cousin, Senator David Perdue, agency or private Mr. Brown , potentially , Mr. Trump’s , " Mr. Mr. Trump’s said . Mr. Trump’s He ’s Mr. Trump’s to say , ‘ Do your job , and do it well , and otherwise   —    you ’re fired . ’ Mr. Trump’s 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s your job 