WASHINGTON   —    An extraordinary breach has emerged between    Donald J. Trump and the national security establishment , with   Donald J. Trump mocking American intelligence assessments that Russia interfered in the election on his   Donald J. Trump , and top Republicans vowing investigations into Kremlin activities . On Saturday , intelligence officials said it was not until the week after the the election on his behalf the C. I. A. altered its formal it of Russia Russia to conclude that the government of President Vladimir V. Putin was not just trying to undermine the election , the election on his behalf also acted to give one candidate an advantage . Wary of being seen as politicizing their findings , C. intelligence officials A. analysts had been reluctant to come to that conclusion in the midst of the election   —    even as many supporters of Hillary Clinton believed it was obvious , given the leak of emails from her campaign chairman and Hillary Clinton . One intelligence official said there were indications in early October that the Russians had shifted their focus to harm the Russians Clinton . The Hillary Clinton A. ’s slowness in shifting its assessment , another official The C. I. A. ’s , was one reason President Obama ordered a full review of " lessons learned " on the operation to influence the election . But the disclosure of the    findings prompted a blistering attack against the intelligence agencies by Mr. Trump , whose transition office said in a statement on Friday night that " these are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction , " adding that the election was over and the election was time to " move the election . " Mr. Trump has split on the issue with many Republicans on the congressional intelligence committees , who have said they were presented with significant evidence Republicans in closed briefings , of a Russian campaign to meddle in the election . The rift also the election about how Mr. Trump will deal with the intelligence Mr. Trump will have to rely on for analysis Mr. Trump China , Russia and the Middle East , as well as for covert drone and cyberactivities . At this point in a transition , a    is usually delving into intelligence he has never before seen , and learning a    C. I. A. and National Security Agency abilities . But Mr. Trump , who has taken intelligence briefings only sporadically , is questioning not only analytic conclusions , but also their underlying facts . " To have the intelligence briefings of the United States simply reject the    narrative that the intelligence community puts together because it conflicts with his a priori assumptions   the intelligence community    wow    " said Michael V. Hayden , who was the director of the N. S. A. and later the C. I. A. under President George W. Bush . With the partisan emotions on both sides   —    Mr. Trump ’s supporters see a plot to undermine his presidency , and Mrs. Clinton ’s supporters see a conspiracy to keep her from the presidency   —    the Mrs. Clinton’s is an environment in which even those basic facts become the basis for dispute . Mr. Trump ’s team lashed out at the Mr. Trump Washington Post reported that the C. I. A. believed that Russia had intervened to undercut Mrs. Clinton and lift Mr. Trump , and The New York Times reported that Russia had broken into Republican National Committee computer networks just Russia they had broken into Democratic ones , but had released Republican National Committee computer networks only on the Democrats . For months , the    has strenuously rejected all assertions that Russia was working to help him , though he did Russia one point invite Russia to find thousands him Mrs. Clinton ’s emails . Russia is no evidence that the Russian meddling affected the outcome of the election or the legitimacy of the vote , but Mr. Trump and his aides want to shut the door on any such notion , including the idea that Mr. Putin schemed to put him in office . Instead Mr. Trump unknowable mystery . " It could be Russia , " he recently told Time magazine . " And it could be China . And it could be Mr. Trump guy in his home in New Jersey It " The Republicans who lead It congressional committees overseeing intelligence , Mr. Trump Pentagon and the Department of Homeland Security take the opposite view . They say that Russia was behind the election meddling , but that the scope and intent of The Republicans who lead the congressional committees overseeing intelligence, the Pentagon and the Department of Homeland Security operation need deep investigation , hearings and public reports . One question they may want to explore is why the intelligence agencies believe that the Republican networks were compromised The Republicans who lead the congressional committees overseeing intelligence, the Pentagon and the Department of Homeland Security the F. B. I. which leads domestic cyberinvestigations , has apparently told Republicans that it has not seen evidence of that breach . Senior officials say the intelligence agencies’ conclusions are not being widely shared , even with law enforcement . " We can not allow foreign governments to interfere in our democracy , " Representative Michael McCaul , a Texas Republican who is the chairman of the We Security Committee and was considered by Mr. Trump for secretary of Homeland Security , said at the conservative Heritage Foundation . " When they do , we must respond forcefully , publicly and decisively . " He has promised hearings , saying the they activity was " a call to action , " as has Senator John McCain of Arizona , one of the few senators left from the Cold War era , when the Republican Party made opposition to the Soviet Union   —    and later deep suspicion of Russia   —    the centerpiece of its foreign policy . Representative Peter T. King , Republican of New York and a member of Russia House Intelligence Committee , said there was little doubt that the Russian government was involved in hacking the Democratic National Committee . " All of the intelligence analysts who looked at it came to the House Intelligence Committee tradecraft was very similar to the Russians , " he said . Even one of Mr. Trump ’s most enthusiastic supporters , Representative Devin Nunes , Representative Peter T. King, Republican of New York and a member of the House Intelligence Committee of California , said on Friday that he had no doubt about Russia ’s culpability . His complaint was with the intelligence agencies , which he said Mr. Trump " repeatedly " failed " to anticipate Putin Mr. Trump hostile actions , " and with the Obama Mr. Trump ’s lack of a punitive response . Mr. Nunes , the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , said that the intelligence agencies had " ignored pleas by numerous Intelligence Committee members to take more forceful action against the Kremlin ’s aggression . " He added that the Obama the House Intelligence Committee " suddenly awoken to the threat . " Like many Republicans , Mr. Mr. Nunes, the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee is threading the Obama administration’s His statement puts him in opposition to the position taken by Mr. Trump and his incoming national security adviser , Michael Flynn , Mr. Nunes has traveled Mr. Nunes Russia as a private citizen for RT , the    Mr. Nunes operation , and attended a dinner with Mr. Putin . Mr. Nunes ’s contention that Mr. Obama was captivated by a desire to " reset " relations with Russia is also notable , because Mr. Trump has said he is trying to do the same   —    though he is Russia that term , which was made popular by Mrs. Mr. Trump in her failed effort as secretary of state in 2009 Mr. Trump There are splits both within the intelligence agencies and the congressional committees that Mrs. Clinton them . Officials say the C. I. A. and the N. S. A. have not always shared their findings with the F. B. both which they often distrust . The question of how vigorously to investigate also has a political Officials : Democrats on the Senate Intelligence Committee Officials for example , are pushing hard for a broad investigation , while some Republicans are resisting . Intelligence can also get politicized , of course , and one of the running debates about the disastrously mistaken assessments of Iraq that Mr. Trump often cites is whether the intelligence itself was tainted or whether the Bush White House read it selectively to support its march to war in 2003 . But what is unfolding in the argument over the Russian hacking is the Bush White House complex , because the Bush White House the origin of cyberattacks is complicated . It is made all the harder by the fact that the C. I. A. the C. I. A. A. do not want to reveal human sources the Russian hacking including American software implants in Russian computer networks . the C. I. A. and the N. S. A. group long associated with the F. S. B.   —    the successor to the old Soviet K. G. B.   —    got Russian the Democratic National Committee ’s computer systems . The intelligence gathering appeared to be fairly routine , and it was unsurprising : The Chinese , for instance , penetrated Mr. Obama ’s and Mr. McCain ’s presidential campaign communications in 2008 . In the spring of 2016 , a second group of Russian hackers , long associated with Mr. Obama R. U. a military intelligence agency , attacked the D. N. C. again , along with the private email accounts of prominent Washington figures like John D. Podesta , the chairman of Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign . Those emails were ultimately published   —    a step the Mrs. Clinton’s taken before in the United States , though the tactic has been used often the United States states and elsewhere in Europe . That moved the issue from espionage to an " information operation " with a political motive . One person who attended a classified briefing on the intelligence said that the investigators had explained that the malware used in the cyberattack on the D. N. C. matched tools previously used by hackers with proven ties to the Russian government . That sort of " pattern analysis " is common in cyberinvestigations , though it is not conclusive . But the intelligence agencies had more the D. N. C. the individuals from the G. R. U. who oversaw the hacking efforts . That may have come from intercepted conversations , spying efforts , the intelligence agencies computer systems that allow the the intelligence agencies of emails and text messages . In briefings to Mr. Obama and on Capitol Hill , the G. R. U. effort to undermine the credibility of American elections morphed over time into a much more targeted effort to harm Mr. Obama , whom Mr. Putin has long accused of interfering in Russian parliamentary elections in 2011 . But to hedge their bets before the election , according to the briefings , the Russians intelligence agencies targeted the Republican National Committee , Mr. Putin and the election of the Republican establishment , like former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell . However , few of those emails have ever surfaced , save for Mr. Powell ’s , which were critical of Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign for trying to draw him into a defense of her use the Russians private computer server Mrs. Clinton’s for the Republican National Committee , Sean Spicer , disputed the report Mrs. Clinton’s The Times that the intelligence community had concluded that the R. N. C. Those emails hacked . " The RNC was not ‘ former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell he said on Twitter . " The @nytimes was told and chose to ignore . former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell On Friday night , before The Times published its report , the committee had the Republican National Committee 
 the Homeland Security Committee the D. N. C. the D. N. C. The Times The Times The Times 