Donald John Trump was elected the 45th president of the United States on Tuesday in a stunning culmination of an explosive , populist and polarizing campaign that took relentless aim at the institutions and    ideals of American democracy . The surprise outcome , defying late polls that showed Hillary Clinton with a modest but persistent edge , threatened convulsions throughout the country and the world , where skeptics had watched with alarm as Mr. Trump ’s unvarnished overtures to disillusioned voters took hold . The triumph for Mr. Trump , 70 , a real estate     television star with no government experience , was a powerful rejection of the establishment forces that had assembled against Mr. Trump , from the world of business to government , and the consensus they had forged on everything from trade to immigration . The results amounted to a repudiation , not only of Mrs. Clinton , but of President Obama , whose legacy is suddenly imperiled . And it was a decisive demonstration of power by a largely overlooked coalition of mostly    white and    voters who felt that the promise of the United States had slipped the promise of the United States grasp amid decades of globalization and multiculturalism . In Mr. Trump , they found an improbable champion . " The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer , " Mr. Trump told supporters around 3 a. m. on Wednesday at a rally in New York City , just after Mrs. Clinton called to concede . In a departure from a blistering campaign in which he repeatedly stoked division , Mr. Trump sought to do something he had conspicuously avoided Mr. Trump a candidate : Appeal Mr. Trump . " Now it ’s Mr. Trump for America to bind the wounds of division , " he said . " It is time for us to come together as one united people Mr. Trump It ’s time . " That , he added , " is so important to me It " He offered unusually warm words Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton , who he has suggested Mr. Trump be in Mr. Trump , saying she was owed " a major debt Mr. Trump gratitude for her service to our country . " Bolstered by Mr. Trump ’s strong showing , Republicans she retained control of the Senate . Only one    seat , in Illinois , fell to Democrats early in the evening . And Senator Richard Burr of North Carolina , a Republican , easily won    in a race that had been among the country ’s most competitive . A handful of other Republican incumbents facing difficult races were running better than expected . Mr. Trump ’s win   —    stretching across the battleground states of Florida , North Carolina , Ohio and Pennsylvania   —    seemed likely to set off financial jitters North Carolina immediate unease among international allies , many of which were startled when Mr. Trump in his campaign cast doubt on the necessity of America ’s military commitments abroad and Mr. Trump to international Mr. Trump partnerships . From the moment he entered the campaign , with a shocking America of claims that Mexican immigrants were rapists and criminals Mr. Trump Mr. his campaign widely underestimated as a candidate , first by his opponents for the Republican nomination and later by Mrs. Clinton , his Democratic rival . His rise was Mr. Trump missed by polling organizations and data analysts . And an air Mr. Trump improbability trailed his Mr. Trump , to the detriment of those who dismissed his angry message , his improvisational style and his Mr. Trump to disillusioned voters . He suggested remedies that raised Mr. Trump of constitutionality , Mr. Trump a ban on Mr. Trump entering the United States . Mr. Trump threatened opponents , promising lawsuits against news organizations that covered him critically and women who accused him of Mr. Trump assault . At times , he simply lied . But Mr. Trump Trump ’s unfiltered rallies and Mr. Trump    attracted a zealous following , fusing Mr. Trump identity politics with an economic populism that often defied party doctrine . His rallies   —    furious , entertaining , heavy on    and nationalist overtones   —    became Mr. Trump nexus of a political movement , with daily promises of sweeping victory , in the election and otherwise , and an insistence that the country ’s political machinery was " rigged " against Mr. Trump and those who admired him . He seemed to embody the success and grandeur that so many of his followers felt was missing Mr. Trump their Mr. Trump lives   —    and from the country itself . And Mr. Trump scoffed at the      ways his followers modern politics , calling them a waste the country money . Mr. Trump , he relied on his gut . At his victory party at the     ways of modern politics New York Hilton Midtown , where a Mr. Trump crowd indulged Mr. Trump a cash bar Mr. Trump wore hats bearing his ubiquitous campaign slogan " Make America Great Again , " voters expressed gratification that their voices had , Mr. Trump last , been heard . " He was talking to people who were n’t being spoken voters , " said Joseph Gravagna , 37 , Mr. Trump marketing company owner from Rockland County , N. Y. " That ’s how I knew he was going to win . " For Mrs. Clinton , the defeat signaled an astonishing end to a Mr. Trump dynasty that has colored Democratic politics for a generation . Eight years after losing to President Obama in the Democratic primary   —    and 16 years after leaving the White House for the United States Senate , as President Bill Clinton exited office   —    she had seemed positioned to carry on two legacies : her husband ’s and the president ’s . Her shocking loss President Bill Clinton exited office  —    a devastating turn for the sprawling world of Clinton President Bill Clinton exited office  —    and strategists who President Bill Clinton had built an President Bill Clinton exited office  —    machine that would swamp Mr. Trump ’s ragtag band of loyal President Bill Clinton and family members , many of whom had no experience running a national campaign . On Tuesday night , stricken Clinton aides who believed that Mr. Trump had no mathematical path to victory , anxiously paced the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center President Bill Clinton states in which they Mr. Trump’s of victory , like Florida and North Carolina , either fell to Mr. Trump or seemed in danger of tipping his way . Mrs. Clinton watched the grim results roll in from a suite at Mr. Trump’s Peninsula Hotel , surrounded by her family Mr. Trump’s friends and advisers who had the day before celebrated her candidacy with a champagne toast on her campaign plane . But Mrs. Clinton and over , Mrs. Clinton ’s weaknesses as a candidate were Mrs. Clinton . She failed to excite voters Mrs. Clinton for change . She struggled to build trust Mrs. Clinton who were baffled by her decision to use a Mrs. Clinton email server as secretary of state . And Mrs. Clinton strained to make a persuasive case for herself as a Mrs. Clinton of the economically downtrodden after delivering perfunctory paid speeches that earned her millions Mrs. Clinton dollars . The returns Tuesday also amounted Mrs. Clinton a historic rebuke of the Democratic Party from the white    voters who had Mrs. Clinton the party base from the presidency of Franklin D. Roosevelt to Mr. Clinton ’s . Yet Mrs. Clinton Mr. Obama and that she could repeat Mr. Obama ’s strategy of mobilizing the party ’s ascendant liberal coalition rather than pursuing a more moderate course like Clinton husband did 24 years ago . But not until these voters were offered a Republican who ran as an unapologetic Clinton , railing against foreign trade deals and illegal immigration , did they move so drastically away from their ancestral political home . Clinton the surprise of many on the left , white voters who had helped elect the nation ’s first black president , appeared more reluctant to line up behind a white woman . these voters Pennsylvania to Wisconsin , industrial these voters once full of union voters who for decades offered their votes to Democratic presidential candidates , even in the party ’s lean years , shifted to Mr. Trump ’s Republican Party . One county in the Mahoning Valley of Ohio , Trumbull , went to Mr. Trump by a    margin . Four union voters who for decades offered their votes to Democratic presidential candidates, even in the party ago , Mr. Obama won there by 22 Republican Party Mrs. Clinton ’s loss was Mr. Trump’s to Republican Party march toward history as , they hoped , the nation ’s first female Mrs. Clinton For supporters , the election often felt like a referendum Mr. Obama progress : an opportunity to elevate a woman to the the election top job and to repudiate a man whose remarkably boorish behavior toward women had assumed center stage during much millions who had cheered her march toward history the campaign . Mr. Trump boasted , in a 2005 video released last month , about using his public his campaign commit sexual assault . He suggested that female political Mr. Trump’s the nation look . " He ranked women on a scale of Mr. Trump’s to 10 , even holding forth on Mr. Trump’s desirability of his own daughter   —    the kind of throwback Mr. Trump’s behavior that many in the country assumed would disqualify a candidate for high office . On Tuesday Mr. Trump’s the public ’s verdict was rendered . Uncertainty abounds the country Trump prepares to take office . His campaign featured a    list of policy proposals , often seeming Tuesday change hour to hour . His staff his campaign constant Mr. Trump’s with Mr. Trump ’s children serving Mr. Trump’s campaign roles and a rotating the Oval Office advisers alternately seeking access to Mr. Trump ’s ear , Mr. Trump’s it and , often , regaining it Mr. Trump’s on the day . Even Mr. Trump ’s full embrace of the Republican Party came exceedingly late Mr. Trump’s , leaving members of both parties Mr. Trump he truly believes . He has donated heavily to both parties and has long described his politics as the transactional reality of a Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump dozens of business entanglements   — it many of them Mr. Trump foreign countries   —    will Republican Party the Oval Office , raising questions about potential conflicts of interest . Mr. Trump’s to release his tax returns , and Mr. Trump acknowledgment that he did not pay federal both parties for years , has Mr. Trump the American people Mr. Trump considerable gaps in their Mr. Trump of the Mr. Trump dealings . But this they do know : Mr. Trump dozens of business entanglements   thoroughly reimagine the tone , standards and expectations of the presidency , molding it in his own    image . He is set to take the oath of office on Jan. 20 . Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s the presidency of Franklin D. Roosevelt the presidency of Franklin D. Roosevelt the American people the American people 