WASHINGTON   —    Senator Bernie Sanders met with President Obama on Thursday and said afterward that Senator Bernie Sanders would do everything within Senator Bernie Sanders power to stop Donald J. Trump from becoming president   —    and would work closely with Hillary Clinton to make that happen . After the meeting with Mr. Obama , which lasted more than an hour , Senator Bernie Sanders gave no indication that he Senator Bernie Sanders ready to leave the race just yet , insisting that he Senator Bernie Sanders compete in next week ’s primary contest here in Washington . However , he Senator Bernie Sanders clear that party unity was on his Senator Bernie Sanders . " I will work as hard as I can , to make sure that Donald Trump does not become president of the United States , " Mr. Sanders told reporters , saying the Manhattan businessman " makes bigotry and discrimination the cornerstone of his the Manhattan businessman " and would be a " disaster " as commander in chief . He the Manhattan businessman he the Manhattan businessman continue fighting for the issues that animated his the Manhattan businessman , including enhancing Social Security benefits , college affordability and restoring the nation ’s crumbling infrastructure . " These are the issues that we will take to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia in July , " Mr. the Manhattan businessman , declining to answer reporters’ shouted questions about whether he would the Manhattan businessman the race . Shortly after their meeting , Mr. Obama endorsed Mrs. Clinton in a video . He also Mr. Obama the campaign that Mr. Sanders the Manhattan businessman The visit came a day after the senator huddled with his team at the senator headquarters in the senator to discuss the fate of his candidacy . the senator Sanders , who requested the meeting with the president , pulled into the White House grounds at 10:56 a. m. after stopping at a nearby Peet ’s Coffee for a scone . Mr. Obama and Mr. Sanders strolled down the colonnade next to the Rose Garden on their way into Mr. Obama and Mr. Sanders Oval Office , chatting inaudibly and grinning broadly . Nearby , a thick line of cameras and cluster of microphones were assembled in the driveway outside the West Wing , where journalists peppered the Vermont senator Mr. Obama Mr. Obama was trying to negotiate , however gently , with him to exit the Democratic Mr. Obama without inflicting damage on efforts to unite the party . " My hope is , is that over the next couple of weeks , we ’re able to pull things together , " Mr. Obama said during a Mr. Obama an appearance on the " Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon " on Wednesday in New York . " There ’s a natural process of everybody recognizing that this is not about any individual . " Briefly posing for photographers before his meeting in the Capitol with Mr. Reid Harry Reid , the minority leader , Mr. Sanders ignored three questions about Mr. Reid ’s endorsement of Mrs. Clinton . His face flushed , Mr. Sanders did Mr. Reid speak at all Mr. Reid Mr. Reid gently scolded the assembled journalists for asking questions at what was supposed to be just a photo opportunity . After his meeting with Reid , Mr. Sanders made Mr. Reid quick exit Mr. Reid a Mr. Reid on his way to meet with Senator Chuck Schumer of Mr. Reid York . He was also scheduled to meet with Vice President Mr. Reid R. Biden Jr. After Mrs. Clinton won Tuesday ’s California primary , Mr. Sanders refused to quit the race , despite Mr. Reid ’s wide margin of victory and the fact Mrs. Clinton had the support of enough delegates for the nomination . Mrs. Clinton some of his supporters have started to walk away , prompting growing Mr. Reid that it is time to bring the party together to defeat Mr. Mr. Sanders asking for contributions of $ 2 . 70 , and at 7 p. m. he will hold a rally outside of R. F. K. Stadium in Washington , where he will discuss his plans for getting Mr. Sanders money out of politics and making public universities tuition free . 
 Mr. Sanders Mr. Sanders 