( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Vice    Mike Pence , above center , will lead Donald Trump ’s transition effort , taking the reins from Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey . Donald Trump’s now says he Donald Trump’s be willing to leave in place two popular provisions of the Affordable Care Act . He Donald Trump’s holding meetings with his Donald Trump’s in Trump Tower , which has been transformed into a kind of fortress by the Secret Service and the local police . So far , the transition team includes some of the very same people Mr. Donald Trump’s had too much clout in Washington : corporate consultants and lobbyists . Names circulating include Myron Ebell , an outspoken " climate contrarian , " to head the Environmental Protection Agency . Some of the foreign policy experts who derided Mr. Trump Donald Trump’s could also end up joining his administration . Donald Trump’s _ _ _ 2 . As the dust settles , Democrats are recognizing two central problems of Hillary Clinton ’s flawed candidacy . After her decades in Hillary Clinton and paid speeches for financial institutions , she could n’t Hillary Clinton with voters who felt rage at the establishment and Wall Street . And she ceded white Hillary Clinton voters , instead focusing on young , Latino and    voters who did not turn out for her as they Hillary Clinton for Latino Obama . _ _ _ _ 3 . After the election , the West Coast feels a little like its own country the West Coast In California , 61 . 5 percent of voters chose Mrs. Clinton , the highest percentage for a Democrat since 1936 . Residents also voted to legalize marijuana , making it legal along marijuana entire West the West Coast Lt the West Coast Gavin Newsom spoke at a rally in support of that issue on Tuesday . There and in surrounding states , voters also embraced bilingual education , gun control , higher taxes and more funding for schools and transportation . _ _ _ 4 . Today is Veterans Day . With many World War II veterans in their twilight years , one teenager has started a nonprofit to record video interviews with them for posterity . " These men their my biggest heroes and their friends , " Rishi Sharma wrote on a crowdfunding site . Above , a woman held photos of her nephew , Pfc . Le Ron A. a woman , who was killed in Iraq at age 18 , along the parade route in New York City . _ _ _ _ 5 . Leonard Cohen , the masterly songwriter who died this week at 82 , intoned his songs with serene gravity . On his last album , " You Want It his , " released less than a month ago , Mr. Cohen ’s voice had descended to a husky recitation , cushioned by choirs and string arrangements but as fearlessly flinty as ever , our critic writes . His final ruminations were on mortality , love Mr. Cohen’s a divinity that he faced and questioned to the very end Mr. Cohen’s As always , he sought stark truth before comfort . _ Mr. Cohen’s _ _ 6 . In Iraq , Islamic State militants are killing scores of civilians as troops advance toward the city of Mosul , the U. N. says . The militants have forced children to kill and Islamic State militants chemical agents against Iraqi and Kurdish forces , the agency said . In one massacre , militants the U. N. to have shot 40 civilians , then strung up their bodies from electricity poles . Above , Iraqi special militants in a quiet moment during the advance . _ _ _ _ 7 . If you ’re wrestling with the major themes of this week ’s election , you may want to look to art for insight . Here ’s a look at six recent plays that reckon with the lives of    Americans and others facing economic anxiety . Four are onstage now in New York , two are available to read , and all of them are favorites of our critics . Above , " Sweat , " at the Public Theater . _ _ _ _ 8 . Chinese and British bird groups began tracking two cuckoo subspecies found near Beijing to unravel the puzzle of their winter getaways . Turns out they cover thousands of Chinese and British bird groups , across a dozen countries Chinese and British bird groups an ocean . The " common cuckoo , " as the species is called , is capable of exhilarating odysseys , despite a reputation as a     flier . _ _ _ _ 9 . The    film " Arrival , " in theaters now , has some eerie extraterrestrials , but not a lot of action . Instead , it " leans into feeling and thinking , and reminds you again that there ’s more to this genre than heavy artillery , " our critic says . Above , Amy Adams plays Louise Banks , a linguistics professor who leads a team of investigators when spaceships touch down . _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , Thanksgiving approaches . Here are recipes you can make in advance , so you can focus on the turkey ( and your guests ) on the big day . Pie crust , stock , bread as well as most cakes , casseroles and relishes can be made weeks in advance and frozen . Have a great weekend . _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Your Evening Briefing Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 