( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Donald Trump met with Mexico ’s   president , Enrique Peña Nieto , declaring Donald Trump " a friend " and praising    as " beyond reproach " in a showstopper of a trip to Mexico City . Donald Trump said that he Donald Trump Mr. Peña Nieto of Mexico Mexico a border wall when they he and Mr. Peña Nieto of Mexico , but not who would pay . But Mr. Mr. Peña Nieto of Mexico on Twitter later that , " I made it clear that Mexico Mexico not pay for the wall . a border wall Mexicans expressed anger over the meeting . Mr. Trump ’s campaign officials said his speech on immigration Mr. Trump’s evening in Phoenix would clarify his immigration policies . Mr. Trump’s _ _ _ _ 2 . Hillary Clinton took a swipe at Mr. Trump , saying Mr. Trump’s speech at the American Legion ’s national convention , " It certainly takes more than trying to make up for a year of insults and insinuations by dropping in on our neighbors for a few hours and then flying home again . " She also countered his " Hillary Clinton first " Mr. Trump’s , stressing the country ’s " unique and unparalleled ability to be a force for peace and progress , a champion for freedom and opportunity . " _ _ _ _ _ 3 . In other political news , Harry Reid , the     Senate minority leader , offered fellow Democrats a possible recourse if they win the White House fellow Democrats Senate this fall only to find the Republicans thwarting them . It ’s a the Republicans move : curtailing the filibuster , the minority party ’s    the Republicans What choice would Democrats have ? " he said . " The country ca n’t be run this way , where nothing gets done . " _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Geologists say these fossils , found in Greenland , are 3 . 7 billion years old . If so , they are by far the oldest direct so of microbial activity ever found , challenging the time frame of evolution and theories of the origins of life . The finding " will be hotly debated , " an Earth scientist at M. I. T. said . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Brazil ’s Senate removed President Dilma Rousseff from office for manipulating the federal budget to try to hide the country ’s mounting economic problems . The move upended her leftist Workers’ Party , one of South America ’s most powerful political organizations , but leaves Brazil under the rule of the equally Brazil Brazilian Democratic Movement Party . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . A Times review of WikiLeaks’ activities during the four years its founder , Julian Assange , has WikiLeaks’ holed up in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London shows that the group ’s document releases have often benefited Russia , frequently at the expense of the West . In an interview , Mr. Assange called Russia a " bit Julian Assange the world Russia " and said that scrutinizing superpowers like the United States was more relevant . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Being famous for being famous , à la the Kardashians , appears to be a thing of the past . Instagram , YouTube and gossip sites and podcasts , and now legacy media companies , are feeding on a new celebrity underclass , people who hover on the edges of fame . " It ’s easy to hate us , actually , because we are not doing something , we ’re us really doing anything , " us the girl above , the de facto leader of the " Gucci Gang , " four stylish       Parisians making their name on Instagram . _ _ _ four stylish      Parisians _ 8 . A JetBlue plane from Fort Lauderdale , Fla. landed in Santa Clara , Cuba , the first scheduled U. S. service to the island nation in more than 50 years . It was the latest step toward normalizing relations between two former Cold War foes . " To the people who say these flights do n’t help : Yes , it does help , " said a teary    passenger . " It opens Cuba to the world . " it _ Cuba _ _ 9 . A    teacher in Denver got more insight than she bargained for when she asked her students A   teacher in Denver finish the sentence A   teacher in Denver " A   teacher in Denver wish my teacher knew . .. " Some answers A   teacher in Denver in a new book that has inspired many teachers to try the same approach : " that my mom might get diagnosed with cancer this week and I ’ve been without a home 3 different times this year alone " " how much I miss my dad because he got deported to Mexico " " that my my dad and I live in a shelter . " _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Beet and carrot juice pulp ,    meat substitutes , grains , lentils , beans potato starch    …      Chefs around the country are reaching for new combinations to create veggie burgers that can take a place of honor on even the most ambitious menus . " We ’re trying to use everything in our arsenal to make this mix that ’s superdelicious We " said Brooks Headley of New York ’s acclaimed Superiority Burger . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , one of our    articles today is a lyrical meditation on We by a novelist who carefully renovated her family ’s apartment and then , for a while , flinched over every scratch and spill . She takes a lesson from a friend ’s chaotic her boisterous household , in which rooms might be neglected but people are n’t , and happiness is " the easiest of all things to find . " _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. Your Evening Briefing and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 