DETROIT   —    A low buzz fills the air as an army of mortgage bankers , perched below floating canopies in a kaleidoscope of vivid pinks , blues , purples and greens , works the phones , promising borrowers easy financing and low rates for home loans . By the elevators , nobody blinks when an employee wearing a pink tutu bustles past . On any given day , a company mascot , Simon , a bespectacled mouse , goes on the hunt for " gouda , " or good ideas , from the work force . A visit to the headquarters of Quicken Loans in downtown Detroit may seem like a trip to a place where " Glengarry Glen Ross " meets Seussville . But the whimsical , irreverent atmosphere sits atop a    business in a field   —    the selling of the American dream   —    that has changed drastically since an earlier generation of mortgage lenders propelled the economy to near collapse in 2008 by issuing risky and even fraudulent loans . In the years since the crisis , many of the nation ’s largest banks pulled back the nation’s largest banks    activities . Quicken Loans pushed in . Today , Quicken Loans is the    retail mortgage lender , originating $ 96 billion in mortgages last year   —    an eightfold increase from 2008 . Privately held Quicken , like some of America ’s largest banks before the   retail mortgage lender, originating $96 billion in mortgages last year  —    , has also landed in regulators’ cross hairs . In a federal    lawsuit filed in 2015 , the Department of Justice charged that , among other things , the company misrepresented borrowers’ income or credit scores , or inflated appraisals , in order to qualify for Federal Housing Administration insurance . As a result , when those loans soured , the government says that taxpayers   —    not Quicken loans   —    suffered millions of dollars in losses . Quicken Loans today is the F. H. A. insurance program ’s largest participant . Executives at Quicken Loans deny the charges , maintaining , among other things , that the government " " a small number of examples to build its case . In an aggressive move , the company    sued the Department of Justice , demanding a blanket ruling that all of the loans it had originated met requirements and " pose no undue risks to the F. H. A. insurance fund . " Quicken ’s suit was dismissed . But it reflects the     style of Quicken Loans’ founder and chairman , Dan Gilbert , the billionaire who once publicly excoriated the N. B. A. superstar LeBron James for leaving the Cleveland Cavaliers , in which Mr. Gilbert has a majority stake . He Mr. Gilbert owns significant chunks of central Detroit , where Quicken Loans is based . Mr. Gilbert , who founded the company in 1985 , sold it the company the business software company Intuit in 1999 , before buying it the company with other investors in 2002 . He Mr. Gilbert working to rectify the city ’s downtrodden image with streetcars , upscale cafes and boutiques , and    data , making him Mr. Gilbert hometown hero . Late last year , Quicken Loans won a motion to move the Department of Justice case to a federal courthouse roughly three blocks from its a federal courthouse headquarters . Sitting on the edge of a chair in his Mr. Gilbert , the Motor City ’s skyline a steel gray in the    November sun , Mr. Gilbert said that his Mr. Gilbert has been unfairly targeted . " You want to know what this the Department of Justice case about ? " he said Mr. Gilbert " Somebody probably put up a whiteboard and said , ‘ Here are the 10 largest F. H. A. lenders , now go and collect settlements from them , the 10 largest F. H. A. lenders of whether they did the 10 largest F. H. A. lenders wrong . ’ " In court documents , Quicken argues it has Quicken lowest default rates in the F. H. A. program . It projects Quicken government will reap $ 5 . 7 billion in net profits from the insurance premiums for loans made from 2007 to 2013 , after paying out any claims . A spokesman for the Department of Housing and Urban Development , which is home to the F. the F. H. A. program center of the case against Quicken , declined to speak about the lawsuit . Late last year , Donald J. Trump named a former Quicken Loans lobbyist , Shawn Krause , to his H. U. D. transition team Donald J. Trump A Trump spokeswoman did not respond to Donald J. Trump email asking about potential conflicts of interest . In an emailed statement , Quicken Loans said the fact that Quicken Loans had come from the largest F. H. A. lender in the country " bodes well for the positive impact she has , and will , make Ms. Krause H. U. D. " In the years since the financial crisis , Quicken has emerged as a leader in the nation ’s    system , a the country nonbank financial institutions that has gained significant ground against its more heavily regulated bank counterparts in providing the country loans to Americans . Increased regulation and decreased profits sent the nation ’s banks packing . Nonbanks , the country have filled that gap . Today , Quicken Quicken the nation ’s    retail residential mortgage lender Quicken behind Wells Fargo , but ahead of banking giants like J. P. Morgan , Bank of America and Citigroup , according to Mortgage Daily . Considered by many to be a visionary leader , Mr. Gilbert often strikes a pugnacious Mr. Gilbert Mr. James , the N. B. A. star , announced he was Mr. James the Miami Mr. Gilbert , Mr. Gilbert   —    who not only has a majority stake in the Cavaliers , but also operates Quicken Loans Arena , where they play   —    penned a public the Cleveland Cavaliers the " cowardly betrayal , " in a letter Mr. James in the typeface Comic Sans . Mr. James is again playing for the Cavaliers . A call to his agent seeking comment was not returned . The year before , Mr. Gilbert the Cleveland Cavaliers an altercation at Mr. James bar mitzvah , punching a former colleague , David Hall , Mr. James head before he was escorted out by security , according to interviews conducted Mr. Hall Michigan . In Mr. James documents , Mr. Gilbert ’s lawyer said Mr. Hall filed the complaint in order to pressure Mr. Gilbert into paying $ 2 Mr. James out Mr. Hall ’s investments in Mr. Gilbert ’s companies . The Birmingham Mr. James ultimately denied a warrant in the case on the grounds that the charges were Mr. James by Mr. Hall . " Mr. Hall did not return an email seeking comment . In an email statement , a Quicken Loans spokesman said Mr. Gilbert " defended himself in a minor confrontation that was instigated by Mr. Hall employee who was the aggressor . " On a more Mr. James , after sending Mr. James messages about this article to a reporter at The New York Times but not receiving a response   —    Mr. Gilbert was texting her landline number by accident   —    he followed up with an email accusing the reporter of disconnecting her mobile phone Mr. James him . The phone " likely is one of your temporary Mr. James that you deploy for the surreptitious work that you do , " he wrote . Mr. James alerted to the her , Mr. Gilbert apologized " for any of it that was caused on my end . " When Mr. Mr. James was asked in an email if he " Mr. James a ‘ combative stance’ or ‘ frequently attacks his critics,’ " a Quicken Loans spokesman responded Mr. James email , " It ’s interesting that Mr. James someone with as long and successful career as Mr. Gilbert is Mr. James to defend his integrity and honor from old    insignificant already rehashed incidents and accusations from a media source as credible as The NY Times Mr. James would imply that doing such Mr. James ‘ frequently attacking’ his critics . " These days , Mr. Gilbert appears to be itching for a fight with the Justice Department . In court filings , Quicken argued that the    Mr. James investigation was based on 55 " Mr. James out of nearly 250 , 000 . Quicken also argued that a longstanding F. H. A. process to resolve loans that did not meet its requirements , through either the repurchase of the loan or by indemnifying F. H. A. from any losses , was retroactively discontinued Quicken Quicken . Since 2011 , Mr. Gilbert has spent more than $ 2 . 2 billion Quicken downtown Detroit , buying up 95 decrepit properties and rehabilitating them in an effort to lure new tenants . Nike opened a store Quicken last year . The New York burger chain Shake Shack is coming in 2017 , as is the sports retailer Under Armour . Mr. Gilbert also 95 decrepit properties that he has leased space downtown to several local      businesses . That sort of presence makes downtown Detroit Detroit seem a bit like a company town , a sort of Quickenville . That ’s because Quicken Mr. Gilbert just one of more Mr. Gilbert 100 closely knit companies that is owned or controlled by Mr. Gilbert with a footprint in the area . Through his commercial real estate properties , Mr. Gilbert can decide which tenants fit into his vision for downtown downtown Detroit and which Detroit n’t . Rocket Fiber , an idea developed by three Mr. Gilbert Loans technology employees and Mr. James by Mr. Gilbert , Mr. Gilbert brought    Mr. James to downtown Detroit downtown Detroit a $ Detroit million donation , Quicken received the naming rights for the QLine , a streetcar that is expected to start running Mr. James Detroit this downtown Detroit Mr. Gilbert Detroit on the board of the streetcar project . Lines of bicycles in downtown Detroit are available downtown Detroit all employees Detroit Quicken Gilbert ’s companies . And visitors can bet at the tables at Jack Mr. James Greektown , downtown Detroit venture controlled by Mr. Gilbert . The Quicken Loans family also includes one of the largest title companies in the Mr. James an appraisal firm , a call center and    Realty , which says on its website that it is the " preferred Mr. James partner " of Quicken Loans . Mr. Gilbert , who was busted in college for running a football betting ring ( the charges were dismissed and his record was expunged ) plays on a big stage . Back in 2010 , he guaranteed that The Quicken Loans family Cavaliers would The Quicken Loans family the N. B. A. championship before LeBron James would . They did n’t , but the team , led by Mr. James , did win the charges last year , and this season ’s team has the highest payroll in the the Cleveland Cavaliers the Cleveland Cavaliers Mr. Gilbert Mr. James a    his in the      Quicken Loans Former executives describe Quicken Loans as Mr. James company that sells mortgages . the Cavaliers would win the N. B. A. championship before LeBron James would the heart that Quicken Loans ’s blood moving is the 3 , 500 mortgage bankers who work last year . Many new employees come in with little to no background in financial services . One employee joined Mr. Gilbert pizzas to the Quicken Loans office and becoming interested in working there .    employees typically make hundreds of calls a day , trying to get Quicken customers on the phone . Not unlike the assembly lines that put Quicken cars in Detroit , the call is immediately handed off Detroit a licensed mortgage banker , who completes the loan application , then quickly passes it to processing so that he or she can focus on the next loan application . Mr. Gilbert said clients are able to close more quickly on loans when specialists focus on each stage of the loan process . He and other Quicken executives note that the company has repeatedly made Fortune magazine ’s list of Best Places to Work For and has Mr. James marks the call J. D. Power client satisfaction surveys . Quicken defines its culture and philosophy through a number of    " isms Mr. James " created and curated over the years by Mr. Gilbert : " Yes before no . Quicken " A penny saved is a penny . " " We eat our own dog food . " At the same time , several former employees and executives in interviews described Quicken demanding Quicken environment , with staff members Mr. James work long hours and weekends to hit targets . In recent years , Quicken and its affiliated companies have faced at least four lawsuits filed by former mortgage bankers seeking overtime . Quicken won one of the overtime We , but court documents indicate others were directed into settlement negotiations . An email to the various plaintiffs’ lawyers was not returned . And in early 2016 , a National Labor Relations Board judge ruled that Quicken Quicken five Quicken its related companies issued an employee handbook with rules that violated workers’ right to engage in Quicken activities , including    ones . Quicken has appealed the ruling , calling the policies " common , rational and sensible . " When asked about criticisms of the work environment , Mr. Gilbert and other executives defended the company , noting Quicken mortgage bankers work Quicken average of 44 hours per week and are compensated well . It is possible for team members , Mr. Gilbert said , Quicken earn over $ 85 , 000 in their second year , more than double the median household income for Wayne County , Mich. Quicken Loans’ growing role in parts of the mortgage market may make the company lightning rod for critics . Proponents say Mr. James like Quicken or PennyMac in California   —    which was started by former executives of Countrywide , the mortgage machine in Southern California that was a hotbed of toxic team members in the 2008 crisis   —    are filling an important void . They argue that they serve people with low to moderate incomes or lower credit Quicken Loans’ growing role in parts of the mortgage market whom the big banks shun . Quicken big banks , they say , focus instead on    jumbo mortgages , or mortgages of more than $ 424 , 100 , the maximum amount that can be backed by    enterprises like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac . " The large banks want to go nonbanks like Quicken or PennyMac in California  —   which was started by former executives of Countrywide, the mortgage machine in Southern California that was a hotbed of toxic mortgages in the 2008 crisis  —   are filling an important void the    nonbanks like Quicken or PennyMac in California  —   which was started by former executives of Countrywide, the mortgage machine in Southern California that was a hotbed of toxic mortgages in the 2008 crisis  —   are filling an important void , " said Guy D. Cecala , the chief executive and publisher of Inside Mortgage Finance . the big banks interest rates , the big banks sales are booming and the mortgage market was expected to top $ 2 trillion in originations in 2016 . That ’s a far cry from the frothy    of $ 3 . 8 trillion that was hit the big banks Moreover , many other parts of the mortgage machine that were in place leading up to the financial crisis have been dismantled . Still , critics say today ’s shadow banks , by the mortgage market riskier end of the mortgage market , may be revving up the same parts of the engine that resulted in defaults and foreclosures in the past . Nonbanks , which are typically less capitalized and may have more difficulty reimbursing the government for bad loans , now dominate F. H. A.   mortgage loans , according to data from the American Enterprise Institute ’s International Center on Housing Risk . In September 2012 , the mortgage market percent of the    loans insured by the F. H. A. according to the data . Today , that number has more than flipped : Nonbanks originate 73 percent of the loans , with banks’ share dropping to 18 percent . The figures are more spectacular for refinanced mortgages , where nonbanks now make up 93 percent of loans . " The market has moved to the nonbanks because the nonbanks’ appetite for risk is much higher , " said Edward J. Pinto , a director of the Center on data from the American Enterprise Institute’s International Center on Housing Risk . He has argued that the F. H. A. is not only failing to help    the   loans insured by the F. H. A. its programs , but is actually weakening them with imprudent loans . Mr. Gilbert disputed any " false narrative " that claims Quicken faces the mortgage market scrutiny , is lightly capitalized or makes risky loans . Nonbanks that the average credit score of a Quicken borrower is one of the highest in the nation that the parent company ’s assets " Mr. James than Edward J. Pinto, a director of the Center on Housing Risk of 93 the F. H. A. D. I. C.   depositories " and that the company is regulated by    states Quicken multiple municipalities and numerous Edward J. Pinto, a director of the Center on Housing Risk agencies . Quicken Loans is privately held , and it is unclear what its assets are worth Quicken an email response to    questions Quicken Loans Mr. Gilbert added Quicken Loans " Quicken Loans underwriting and production is one of the highest , if not the highest , Quicken Loans in the entire country . " 
 Mr. James the parent company’s 