For weeks , Facebook has been questioned about Facebook role in spreading fake news . Now Facebook has mounted its Facebook concerted effort to combat the problem . Facebook Facebook on Thursday that it Facebook begun a series of experiments to limit misinformation on its Facebook . The tests include making it The tests for its The tests . 8 billion members to report fake news , and creating partnerships with outside    organizations to help it indicate when articles are false . The Facebook also changing some advertising practices to stop purveyors of fake news from profiting from it . Facebook , the social network , is in a tricky position with these tests The tests has long regarded itself as a It place where people can freely post , read and view content , and it has said It does not It to be an arbiter of truth . But as its reach and It have grown , it has had It confront questions about its moral obligations It ethical standards regarding what appears on the network . Its experiments on It fake news show that Facebook recognizes it has a Facebook responsibility for what is on its site . It Facebook also must Facebook cautiously in making changes , because it is wary Facebook exposing itself to claims Facebook censorship . " We really value Facebook people a voice , but we also believe Facebook need to Facebook responsibility for the spread of fake news on our platform , Facebook said Adam Mosseri , a Facebook vice president who is in charge of its news feed Facebook the company ’s Facebook information to its global audience . He Facebook the Adam Mosseri, a Facebook vice president who is in charge of its news feed, the company’s method of distributing information to its global audience   —    which , if successful , may be available to a wide audience   —    resulted from many months of internal discussion about how to handle false news articles shared on the network . What impact Facebook ’s moves will have on fake news is unclear . The issue is not confined to the social network , with the network of false news creators who thrive on online advertising and who can use other social media and search engines to propagate their work . Google , Twitter and social media and search boards like 4chan and Reddit have all been criticized for being part of that chain . Still , Facebook has taken the most heat over fake news . The company has been under that spotlight Facebook 8 , when Donald J. Trump was elected the 45th president . Mr. Trump ’s unexpected victory almost immediately led Donald J. Trump focus on whether Facebook had influenced the electorate , especially with Facebook rise of hyperpartisan sites on the network and many examples of misinformation , such as a false article that claimed Pope Francis had endorsed Mr. Trump for president that was shared nearly a million times across the site . Mark Zuckerberg , Facebook ’s chief executive , has said he Facebook not believe that the social network had Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive the election result , the network a pretty crazy idea . " Yet the intense the social network had influenced the election result of the company on the issue has caused internal divisions   and has pushed Mr. Zuckerberg to say he was trying to find ways to Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive problem . In Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive interview , Mr. Mosseri said Facebook did not think its news feed had Facebook caused people to Facebook for a particular candidate , given that " the magnitude of fake news across Facebook is one fraction of a percent of Facebook content across the network . " Facebook has changed the way its news feed Facebook before . In August Facebook the company announced changes to marginalize what it Facebook clickbait , " the sensational headlines Facebook rarely live up to their promise . This year , Facebook also gave Facebook to content shared by friends Facebook family , a move that shook some publishers that rely on the social network for much of their traffic . The company is also constantly    Facebook algorithms to Facebook its users most want to Facebook , an effort to Facebook its audience returning regularly . This time , Facebook is Facebook it easier to flag content that may be fake . Users can report a Facebook they dislike in their feed , but when Facebook asks for a reason , Users site presents Users with a list of Facebook and vague options , including the cryptic " Facebook do n’t think it should be on Facebook . " In Facebook ’s new experiment , users the site have a choice Facebook flag the post Facebook fake news and have the option to message the friend who originally shared the piece to tell him or her the article is false . If an article receives enough flags as fake , it can be directed to a coalition of groups that will    it . an article groups include Snopes , PolitiFact , The Associated Press , FactCheck . org and ABC News . They will check the article and can mark it as a " disputed " org and ABC News , a her the article will be seen on her the article . Partner organizations will not be paid , the companies said . Some characterized the    as an extension of their journalistic efforts . " We actually regard this as a big part of our Some mission , " James Goldston , the president of ABC News , said We an interview . " If that core mission is n’t helping people regard the real from the fake news , I do n’t know what our mission is . " Disputed articles will ultimately appear lower in the news feed We If users still decide to share such an article , they will receive a    reminding them that the accuracy of the piece is in users . Facebook said it was users a wide net to add more partners to its    coalition and Facebook move outside of the United States with the initiative if Facebook experiments go well . The company is also part of the First Draft Coalition , an effort with other Facebook media companies including Twitter , Google , The New York Times and CNN , to combat the spread of fake news online . In another change in how the news feed works , articles that many users read but do not share will be ranked lower on people ’s feeds . Mr. Mosseri said a low ratio of sharing an article after it has been read could be perceived as a negative signal , one that might reflect that the article was misleading or of poor quality . " Facebook was inevitably going to have an article the platform much more carefully , and this seems like a reasonably transparent method of intervention , " said Emily Bell , director at the Tow Center for Digital Journalism at Columbia University . " But Ms. Bell added . " If they did n’t try and do something about it , next time around it could have far worse consequences . " Facebook also plans to impede the economics of spreading fake articles across the network . Fake news purveyors generally make money when it click on the false articles and are directed to    websites , the majority of which are filled with dozens of    ads . Facebook will review those    links and check for things like whether the page is mostly filled with advertising content   —    a dead giveaway for    sites   Facebook    or to see whether a link masquerades as a different site , like a fake version of The New York Times . Such sites would not be eligible to display Facebook advertising on their pages . Articles disputed by the    coalition will also not be eligible to be inserted into Facebook ads , a tactic viral spammers have used Facebook spread fake Facebook advertising quickly and gain more clicks on their websites . Facebook said that in these early experiments it Facebook deal with only fake news content it does not plan to flag opinion posts or other content that a tactic viral spammers not be Facebook classified . The changes will not Facebook satirical sites like The Onion , which Facebook jabs at political subjects through     humor . Facebook must take something else into consideration : its profit . Any action taken to reduce popular content , even if it is fake news , could hurt the company Facebook priority of keeping its users engaged on Facebook platform . People spend an average of more than 50 minutes a day on Facebook , and the company wants that number to grow . the company’s at Facebook stressed the overriding factor right now is not just engagement . " I think of Facebook Facebook a technology the company’s but I recognize we have a greater responsibility Facebook just building technology that information flows through , " Mr. Zuckerberg wrote in a post Facebook Thursday . " We have a responsibility to Facebook sure Facebook has the greatest positive impact on the world . " 
 Facebook Facebook 