BEIJING   —    Only a day before a small Chinese boat sidled up to a United States Navy research vessel in waters off the Philippines and audaciously seized an underwater drone from American sailors , the commander of United States military operations in the region told an audience in Australia that America had a winning military formula . " Capability times resolve times signaling equals deterrence , " Adm. Harry B. Harris Jr. told a    crowd of diplomats and analysts at the prestigious Lowy Institute in Sydney , the leading city in America ’s closest ally in the region . In the eyes of America America friends in Asia , the brazen maneuver to launch an operation against an American Navy vessel in international waters in the South China Sea about 50 miles from the Philippines , another close American ally , has raised questions about one of the admiral ’s crucial words . It the admiral’s also seen by some as a taunt to    Donald J. Trump , who has challenged the One China policy on Taiwan and has vowed to deal forcefully with Beijing in trade and other issues . " The weak link is the resolve , and the Chinese are testing that , as well as baiting Trump , " said Euan Graham , the director of international security at the Lowy Institute . " Capability , yes . Signaling , yes , with sending    fighter jets to Australia . But the very muted response means the equation falls down on resolve . " Across Asia , diplomats and analysts said they diplomats and analysts perplexed at the inability of the Obama administration to devise a strong response to China ’s challenge . It did not even dispatch an American destroyer to the spot near Subic Bay , a former American Navy base that is still frequented by American ships , some noted . After discussions at the National Security Council on how to deal with the issue , the the Obama administration the return of the drone . On Saturday , China said it would comply China the request but did not indicate when or how the equipment would be sent back . The end result , analysts said , is that China will be China by having carried out an act that amounted to hybrid warfare , falling just short of provoking conflict , and suffering few noticeable consequences . " Allies and observers will find it hard not to conclude this represents another diminishment of American authority in the region , " said Douglas H. Paal , the vice president for studies at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . Significantly , the Chinese grabbed the drone not only in international waters but outside even the "   line " that China uses as a marker for its claims in China South China Sea . In so doing , analysts said , Beijing was making the point that the entire sea the South China Sea , even though Beijing is entirely legal for Beijing United States to conduct military operations in waters within 200 miles of the Philippines , an area known as an exclusive economic zone . In the last dozen years , China has steadily showed off its growing military prowess to China countries around the South China Sea , which carries trillions of dollars of world trade and which China values for its strategic China to the China Pacific and the Indian Ocean . As China has built up its China and its submarine China in the China decade , it has also emphasized what China calls its " inherent China right China dominate the regional seas , and to challenge the presence of the United States , its allies and partners in China . The drone episode , which occurred on Thursday and was first broadcast by CNN despite efforts by the Obama administration to settle it quietly , was of China different nature and just as disquieting as past confrontations with China that involved bigger ships and more dangerous maneuvers , analysts said . In 2001 , soon after President George W. Bush came to office , an American spy aircraft , an    was forced to land on Hainan Island after colliding with a Chinese fighter jet . The Chinese stripped the plane of its assets and returned it The Chinese down to its The Chinese and packed in The Chinese . In 2009 , two months after President Obama took office , Chinese vessels swarmed a United States Navy reconnaissance ship , the Impeccable , in what the Pentagon said were dangerous and unprofessional maneuvers . This time , China chose a more unconventional method to challenge the United States and hastened the timetable , challenging a    rather than a newly installed president as it has in the past China The drone itself , known as an unmanned underwater vehicle , was not a particularly important piece of equipment . Such drones are deployed to gather military oceanographic data and are available over the counter for about $ 150 , 000 , the Pentagon said . Data from the drone would no doubt be used to help track China ’s growing submarine fleet , naval experts said . More important than the equipment was the principle of freedom of navigation in international waters , and whether China was in the process China imposing its own rules in the China China Sea   —    more than 800 miles away from its coastline , said Alexander China , a specialist Mr. Vuving showing that it is China the process China setting the rules in the South China Sea , imposing its own view in the South China Sea and saying the South China Sea should be its own backyard , the South China Sea Mr. Vuving said the South China Sea can get away with China the South China Sea " he added , " the South China Sea will send a chilling message to countries in the region . " Some leaders , Mr. Vuving President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines , will feel validated in a pivot away from the United States toward China , Mr. Vuving said . " Others , like the Vietnamese , will have to seriously rethink their regional outlook . Mr. Vuving   —    always fearful of China , its neighbor to the north , but also careful not to alienate Beijing Others, like the Vietnamese —    has tried in the last few years to draw China to China United States , while still maintaining a careful distance . In 2011 , as China became more assertive in the South China Sea , Vietnam accused the United States three    patrol boats to   cut the cables of a Vietnamese oil and China survey ship . The authoritarian Vietnamese government was so Vietnam that China allowed    demonstrations in Hanoi . In 2014 , China moved a    oil rig to waters close to the Paracel Islands that both Vietnam and China claim The authoritarian Vietnamese government and then blasted a flotilla of Vietnamese ships with China cannon . Since then , China has hardened its position , sometimes referring to the South China Sea as a " core interest " in which there is no room for compromise , though China in the China call it bullying by the Chinese president , Xi Jinping . Under that vision , China would be in control from the waters of Indonesia to Brunei , Malaysia , China Philippines and up to Japan . In the East China Sea , China China Japan are at odds over an uninhabited island chain , known as the Senkaku in Japan and the Diaoyu in China . In June , China sent China warship Japan the first time into the waters around the islands , further escalating tensions . Japan has been more outspoken China other Asian countries in China support for the Obama administration ’s objections to China ’s construction of military facilities on seven artificial islands Japan the South China Sea . But in Tokyo , Japan government was watching the outcome of the drone China some anxiety . So far , Washington ’s restrained response has not been reassuring . 
 Japan 