( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . The Democratic presidential race grew more bruising for the party itself . Mr. Sanders accused a top Democratic official of working against the candidate " for personal reasons . " Some of his supporters threatened to Mr. Sanders Donald Trump if Hillary Clinton becomes the Democratic nominee . Mr. Trump piled on Donald Trump tweeting that Mr. Sanders was being " treated very badly , " and adding , " The system is rigged against him . " _ Mr. Sanders _ _ 2 . Mr. Trump tried to address Donald Trump the Republican Party that he is not a conservative , Donald Trump a list of 11 potential Supreme Court nominees that included several who are favorites of conservative legal scholars . One of our    stories today offers a detailed look at five crucial weeks of Mr. Trump ’s campaign , during Donald Trump from a seemingly unelectable candidate to Donald Trump de facto Republican nominee . _ _ _ _ 3 . The president of the International Olympic Committee , Thomas Bach , denounced the " shocking new dimension of doping . " He said Russian sports federations could be barred The president of the International Olympic Committee, Thomas Bach the Rio Olympics if allegations of    doping prove true . " We will apply our zero tolerance policy , Russian sports federations only with Russian sports federations to the athletes but also with regard to everybody implicated and within our reach , " he said . _ _ _ _ 4 The president of the International Olympic Committee, Thomas Bach The Labor Department issued a new regulation that will enable millions more workers to make overtime . As of Dec. 1 , most salaried workers who earn up to $ 47 , 476 annually will get time and a half for any labor over 40 hours a week . That will include a far wider range of work than before . The previous cutoff , set in 2004 , was $ 23 , 660 . _ _ _ _ 5 . Robin Wright became the latest actress to openly address pay disparities in the entertainment industry . She said she had taken a hard line Robin Wright the Robin Wright of the Netflix series " House of Cards " after she learned that her character was as popular Robin Wright that of Robin Wright      Kevin Spacey . " You better Robin Wright me or I ’m going to go public , " she said she told them , adding , Robin Wright And Robin Wright did . " _ _ _ _ them . The Asian monsoon season , primed by the El Niño phenomenon , opened with a disaster in Sri Lanka . Torrential rains set off landslides and flash floods that displaced hundreds of thousands of people . A death toll in the dozens is expected to rise . _ _ _ _ 7 . A Nigerian schoolgirl who was taken in a mass kidnapping by Boko Haram more than two years ago was found and returned to her town , Chibok . Now the mother A Nigerian schoolgirl who was taken in a mass kidnapping by Boko Haram more than two years ago a     she is the first girl to be recovered A Nigerian schoolgirl who was taken in a mass kidnapping by Boko Haram more than two years ago the early days of the episode . " She was so happy to see her people A Nigerian schoolgirl who was taken in a mass kidnapping by Boko Haram more than two years ago " a Chibok resident said A Nigerian schoolgirl who was taken in a mass kidnapping by Boko Haram more than two years ago " People were so happy , so happy that , yes , there is hope these girls are alive . _ _ _ _ 8 . New Jersey closed one of its most notorious cold cases , convicting this New Jersey of murder 25 years after her     son disappeared . A bit of this woman of murder blanket found with his remains was the key . Investigators recently her    son back and found three people who could testify that the blanket was from the boy ’s home , allowing prosecutors to her    son damning connection . _ _ _ _ 9 . Paul Simon went back on tour , promoting his " Stranger to Stranger " album , which Paul Simon on sale June 3 . Our critic says the     artist is making some of the strangest Paul Simon music of his career . Songs " crack jokes and ponder questions about Paul Simon , death , spirituality , baseball , economic inequality , brain chemistry and music itself . " _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , good news . Despite reports to the contrary in China ’s media , this     panda is just fine . The Taipei Zoo posted its proof   —    the bear with current newspapers   The Taipei Zoo    on Facebook . " Tuan Tuan says : What more do you need ? " the zoo ’s caption reads . " Please do n’t believe The Taipei Zoo Friends who care about Tuan Tuan do n’t need to worry . " _ _ _ _ Tuan Tuan Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Your Evening Briefing posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 