WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump is broadening the field of candidates for secretary of state as Donald J. Trump transition team remains divided nearly a month after the election over how to fill the most prominent gap in Donald J. Trump prospective cabinet . Kellyanne Conway , a top adviser to Donald J. Trump , told reporters on Sunday that the search had expanded beyond the four men thought to be under consideration and that Mr. Donald J. Trump to interview additional candidates early this week . Those new additional candidates include John R. Bolton , an ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush Jon M. Huntsman Jr. the former Utah governor John R. Bolton, an ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush Jon M. Huntsman Jr. search on the ABC program " This Week , " Vice    Mike Pence mentioned Mr. Bolton as a potential candidate and said others could be added to the list . Mr. Bolton met with Mr. Trump for about an hour on Friday , and Mr. Tillerson is set to meet with Mr. Trump on Tuesday , according to two people briefed on the meetings . Despite Mr. Bolton over the Iraq war , which Mr. Bolton ardently supported , Mr. Trump said during the campaign that he turned Mr. Trump Bolton for military advice and called him " a tough cookie . " The two people briefed on the meetings team had previously signaled that the Mr. Bolton consideration had narrowed to four Mr. Trump Mitt Romney , the 2012 Republican Mr. Trump Mr. Bolton W. Giuliani , the former mayor Mr. Bolton New York and a close ally of Mr. Trump Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee , the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and David H. Petraeus , the retired general and director of the C. I. A. under President Obama . Some of those candidates may be brought back in for further interviews , the people briefed on the meetings said . An announcement of a selection for the post is not expected for at least several more days . In an audition of sorts , Mr. Petraeus appeared on " This Week " to highlight his foreign policy experience in the military and his work abroad in the private sector . He also sought to put behind him a potentially significant hurdle to his candidacy : his mishandling of classified material while he was a top Mr. Petraeus . He pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor Mr. Petraeus in 2015 and was forced to resign Mr. Petraeus C. I. A. director . Mr. Petraeus Five years ago , I Mr. Petraeus a serious Mr. Petraeus , " Mr. Petraeus said Mr. Petraeus " I acknowledged it . Mr. Petraeus apologized for it . I paid a very heavy price for it , and I ’ve learned from it . " But he added that it was up to others to Mr. Petraeus whether that is indeed disqualifying or not . " The wrangling it who should be America ’s top diplomat comes it Mr. Trump ’s team continues to it questions about his Mr. Petraeus phone conversation with the president of Taiwan last week , which angered China and rattled other Asian nations . Mr. Bolton advocates closer ties with Taiwan as a means of putting pressure on China , arguing that Beijing ’s growing Mr. Trump’s in the region should be checked . Mr. Trump ’s advisers are battling , at times publicly , over whether Mr. Trump’s choose from among his campaign Taiwan or go outside that circle , a China that could alienate China who were angry at the Republican establishment . Much of that wrangling has centered on Mr. Romney , who was among Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s fiercest critics during the Mr. Trump’s . Mr. Trump has told aides that he believes that Mr. Romney would " look the part " as the face of American outreach to the world and would make a fine secretary of state Mr. Trump’s Ms. Conway , who has been openly critical Mr. Trump’s Romney , continued to attack Mr. Trump’s during a " Fox News Sunday " appearance , saying that the backlash to his candidacy among Mr. Trump ’s core supporters had been " breathtaking . " Asked if her criticism of him was appropriate , she Mr. Romney " I would turn the Mr. Romney around and ask , was it appropriate for Governor Romney to stick his neck Mr. Romney so far in attacking Donald Trump , and never walking it back , never encouraging people to support Mr. Romney nominee once Mr. her had won the nomination squarely and fairly . " Ms. Conway , answering her criticism of him was appropriate from reporters about the expanded search Governor Romney she entered Trump Tower in New Mr. Trump Sunday , said the transition his neck had been happily surprised by the number of wealthy businesspeople who had come forward to express interest . Mr. Trump , who was lifted to victory in the election in large part by the support of white    voters , has faced criticism over his appointment of several    people to top posts . " There are a number of people that we may not have thought wanted to leave their very lucrative private industry positions to go and serve the government , " Ms. Conway said . " It ’s exciting , frankly , to at least get their counsel . " Another person who will meet this week with Mr. Trump is James G. Stavridis people a retired admiral whose name was floated as a potential running mate for Hillary Clinton . It was unclear if he was being considered for a specific position . Despite the very public     over the secretary of state appointment , Mr. Trump remains well ahead of the pace set by most of his predecessors in naming members of his cabinet . In addition to meetings this James G. Stavridis, a retired admiral whose name was floated as a potential running mate for Hillary Clinton , he is scheduled to travel at least twice , to Fayetteville , N. C. and to Des Moines , Mr. Trump " thank you " tour . Mr. Petraeus spoke on the Mr. Trump program from the sideline of Mr. Trump conference in Germany , greeting the host , George Mr. Trump , with a " guten tag " before beginning the interview . The retired general praised Mr. Trump as Mr. Trump actually quite pragmatic . " He Mr. Trump not to contradict Mr. Trump on a range of his foreign policy priorities , including building a border wall between the United States and Mexico , potentially working with Russia to defeat the Mr. Trump and discarding the Iran nuclear accord . " In our conversation , Mr. Trump I enjoyed , most frankly Mr. Trump the discussion of issues Mr. Trump or , say , campaign rhetoric , if you will , and then placing that in a strategic context , " Mr. Petraeus said . Before he appeared on the show , Mr. Petraeus seemed to get a lift from Mr. Pence , who dismissed concerns about Mr. Petraeus ’s mishandling of classified material , in which he gave secret materials to a biographer with whom he was having an affair . Mr. Trump called Mr. Petraeus an Mr. Trump American hero " and said Mr. Trump would consider him based on " the totality " of his career . " Mr. Trump he made mistakes , and he paid the consequences Mr. Trump those mistakes , " Mr. Pence said . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Pence Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump mistakes 