In the World ’s Ugliest Dog Contest , where there were more beasts than beauties , it was hard to beat a wrinkled ,    bony Chinese crested Chihuahua named Sweepee Rambo . The dog   —    17 years old , blind in both eyes and , at four pounds , not much bigger than two hands put together   —    was a crowd favorite at the contest , which was held on Friday night at the    Fair in Petaluma , Calif. The audience went wild for the    dog , with some people carrying signs that read , " Sweepee for President , " said Ms. Spencer . Ms. Spencer identified the owner as Jason Wurtz of Encino , Calif. He was swarmed by reporters   — Ms. Spencer some from as far away as France and Germany   —    on Friday night and was not immediately available to comment , she said . In his contest entry Ms. Spencer he expressed appreciation Ms. Spencer Sweepee ’s " Ms. Spencer freckled skin and legendary blond Mohawk . " Sweepee , described as a " ride Sweepee die chick , " enjoys riding with her owner on his Honda motorcycle , Ms. Spencer entry said Ms. Spencer The winner last his contest entry Quasi Modo , who had short spine syndrome , a birth defect . To look at anything , Quasi had to move her entire body because she could not Ms. Spencer her head , Ms. Spencer dog ’s owner Ms. Spencer Virginia Sayre , told The Guardian . Of the 16 dogs in this year ’s contest   —    some with names like Icky , Rue , Roast Beef and Rascal Deux   —    more than half featured bad hair . One in particular , Himisaboo , was drawing attention for a head of hair that had a striking resemblance to Donald J. Trump , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee . The contest , which has been hosted by the fair for 28 years , is run similar to a beauty pageant , Ms. Spencer said . Contestants walk a red carpet , they are introduced to the audience and they Contestants paraded onstage . Three judges awarded Contestants based on the dogs’ personalities , appearances and how the audience reacted . Like all good contests the audience one has strict rules . Among them : " animal must not have been intentionally all good contests to enhance appearance for the purpose of this contest . " Sweepee ’s owner won $ 1 , 500 and a    trophy that is as unattractive as the dog it honored . 
 Sweepee’s owner 