Donald J. Trump named as Donald J. Trump new campaign chief on Wednesday a conservative media provocateur whose news organization regularly attacks the Republican Party establishment , savages Hillary Clinton and encourages Donald J. Trump ’s most pugilistic instincts . Mr. Donald J. Trump decision to make Stephen K. Bannon , chairman of the Breitbart News website , his campaign Donald J. Trump chief executive was a defiant rejection of efforts by longtime Republican hands to wean him from Donald J. Trump bombast and racially charged speech that helped propel him to Donald J. Trump nomination but now threaten his candidacy Donald J. Trump alienating the moderate voters who typically decide the presidency . It also the presidency completed a merger between the most strident elements of the conservative news media and Mr. Trump ’s campaign , which was incubated and fostered in their boisterous the conservative news media and Mr. Trump of his rise Mr. Trump Mr. Bannon Mr. Trump a day after the recently ousted Fox News chairman , Roger Ailes , emerged in an advisory role with Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump not lost on Republicans in Washington that two news executives whose outlets had fueled the    rebellion that bedeviled congressional leaders and set the stage for Mr. Trump ’s nomination Mr. Trump guiding the party ’s presidential message and strategy . Mr. Bannon ’s most recent crusade was his failed attempt to oust the Mr. Bannon speaker , Paul D. Ryan , in this month ’s primary , making his new role atop the Trump Mr. Bannon particularly provocative toward Republican Mr. Trump in Washington . Party veterans responded Wednesday with a mix of anger about the damage they saw Mr. Trump doing to Party veterans party Mr. Trump and gallows humor Party veterans his apparent inability , or unwillingness , Mr. Trump run a credible presidential campaign in a year that once appeared promising . " If Trump were actually trying to antagonize supporters Mr. Trump antagonize new , reachable supporters , what exactly would he be doing differently ? " asked Mr. Trump Senor , a longtime Republican strategist who advised Mitt Romney and his running mate , Mr. Ryan , Mitt Romney 2012 . Terry Sullivan , who ran Senator Marco Rubio ’s presidential campaign , said Mr. Trump and Breitbart " both play Mr. Trump people ’s fears . It ’s a match made in heaven . " For Mr. Trump , though , bringing in Mr. Bannon was the political equivalent of ordering comfort food . Only last week , Mr. Trump publicly expressed ambivalence about modifying his style . " I Mr. Trump may do better the other way Mr. Trump " he told Time magazine . " They would like to see it be Mr. Trump little bit different , a little more modified . I do n’t like to modify . " Mr. Bannon ’s transition from    at Breitbart to the inner circle of Mr. Bannon facto leader of the Republican Party capped the second    of Mr. Trump ’s campaign in two months . Kellyanne Conway , a veteran pollster and strategist who was already advising Mr. Trump , will become his campaign manager and is expected to travel with Mr. Trump’s , filling a void that opened up when Corey Lewandowski was fired on June 20 . Mr. Trump ’s loyalists put the best possible face on the changes announced Wednesday , Mr. Trump’s timing , after a New York Times article detailing his advisers’ frustration at trying to loyalists discipline on him , underscored why so many in Mr. Trump’s party have soured on his prospects : His Mr. Trump’s are often made in reaction to Mr. Trump’s . Paul Manafort , Mr. Trump’s campaign chairman Mr. Trump’s will retain his title and focus on the political shop but was widely seen as being sidelined : Mr. Mr. Trump’s and Ms. Conway have both developed close relationships with Mr. Trump , and Mr. Bannon is likely to be more amenable to letting him run the sort of    campaign he prefers . " This is an exciting day for Mr. Bannon Trump , " Mr. Manafort wrote Mr. Bannon an internal staff memo . " I remain the Mr. Trump and chief strategist , providing the      campaign vision , " he added . On a conference call Wednesday morning , Jason Miller , a Trump spokesman , said Mr. Manafort moves had been well received , along with a speech on crime reduction Mr. Trump he gave in Wisconsin , pointing to favorable coverage on the MSNBC show " Morning Joe . " Mr. Manafort Mr. Bannon , Breitbart News has been an amen corner for Mr. Trump , and perhaps more relentless than any other conservative outlet in its criticism of the Republican Mr. Trump But what most distresses mainstream party strategists about the union of Mr. Breitbart News ’s campaign with Breitbart ’s guiding vision is the brand of populism that the website has advocated Mr. Trump Mr. Trump has championed Breitbart Bannon has overseen a site that is focused primarily on pushing Republicans away from what Mr. Trump a globalist agenda and toward a    and often overtly racial one , railing against what it sees as the threats of free trade , Hispanic migration and Islamist terrorism . " This is Trump going back to the it and nationalism that fueled his rise in the primary , " said Lanhee J. Chen , who was Mr. Romney ’s policy director in 2012 . " Trump it ’s very dangerous to the future Mr. Chen whose appeal was already narrow going into this cycle . " Mr. Chen called Mr. Trump ’s shift " a base reinforcement strategy " and noted it it was very different from the tack of most party nominees , who use the final months of the presidential race to broaden their appeal in hopes of winning over the maximum number of voters . But to those on the right who are hoping to permanently shift Republicans away from    conservatism and toward a    populism , the addition of Mr. Bannon was a victory for the " America First " approach they want to ingrain in the party . " He does n’t need any help formulating his message   — Mr. Trump , " the conservative author Ann Coulter said of Mr. Trump . Referring to Mr. Trump ’s policy adviser , speechwriter and    Mr. Trump , she added , " Maybe Mr. Trump could use 10 more Mr. Trump Millers . " As comfortable as Mr. Trump may feel with Mr. Bannon ’s style of politics Mr. Trump alliance , and the possibility that the coming weeks could the conservative author Ann Coulter a conservative publicity tour Mr. Trump than a conventional White House run , fueled speculation that Mr. Mr. Trump already looking past November . In recent months , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump may feel with Mr. Bannon’s style of politics, their unconventional alliance, and the possibility that the coming weeks could resemble a conservative publicity tour more than a conventional White House run his     Jared Kushner , have quietly explored becoming involved with a media holding , either by investing in one or by taking one over , according Mr. Trump person close to Mr. Trump who was briefed on those discussions . At a Mr. Trump , the campaign ’s homestretch offers Mr. Trump , who has begun to limit his national media appearances to conservative outlets , an opportunity to build his audience and steer his followers toward the combative Breitbart site . Even before announcing the staff    Mr. Trump intensified his criticism of the mainstream news media in a speech on Tuesday night in which he declared that he was running against his "    complex his " Mr. Trump ’s elevation of Mr. Bannon and Ms. Conway also highlights Mr. Trump who was briefed on those discussions influence of Mr. Trump who was briefed on those discussions Mercer and his daughter Rebekah , conservative donors from Long Island . The Mercers Mr. Trump who was briefed on those discussions investors in Mr. Trump who was briefed on those discussions , and their foundation funds a host of other Mr. Trump who was briefed on those discussions groups . They spent millions on Senator Ted Cruz ’s behalf during the Republican primary , an effort Robert Mercer Conway helped lead . And they began bankrolling a    " super PAC " in recent weeks investors in Breitbart becoming friendly with Mr. Trump , his daughter Ivanka and investors in Breitbart husband , Mr. Kushner . At Breitbart and its sister foundation , the Government Accountability Institute , Mr. Bannon ran a investors in Breitbart between a news organization and an    operation aimed at discrediting Mrs. Clinton . The institute sponsored a book about Mrs. Clinton Ivanka financial entanglements , " Clinton Cash , " which spawned various articles in mainstream newspapers last year , including in The New York Times . Rival conservative news organizations viewed Breitbart as something of an outlier the Government Accountability Institute was evident in the title Mrs. Clinton article the Weekly Standard writer Stephen F. Hayes wrote on Wednesday : " Trump Has Decided to Wednesday in Breitbart ’s Alternative Reality . " " Mr. Trump ’s the merger Breitbart the Trump campaign with the kooky right , " William Kristol Breitbart of Mr. Trump Weekly Standard , said of Mr. Bannon ’s new role . Mr. Bannon has now joined with Mr. Ailes Breitbart a common cause on Roger Ailes Mr. Bannon , a mission that Breitbart never pretended to deny . But Mr. Ailes ’s direct involvement casts a new Roger Ailes how the Weekly Standard ’s candidacy . In Roger Ailes weeks before the Fox News host Gretchen Carlson filed the sexual Mr. Trump that led to Mr. Ailes Mr. Trump , Mr. Ailes had Roger Ailes Breitbart with Mr. Trump and Roger Ailes him at least twice , people briefed on the sessions said . Roger Ailes meetings between a presidential candidate and the chairman of an influential television network are hardly    especially with Mr. Trump , Mr. Ailes ’s direct involvement in the campaign raises new questions about Roger Ailes sessions Mr. Trump than the usual complaints about coverage . Before Mr. Ailes ’s ouster , some of the network ’s journalists and contributors Roger Ailes Mr. Ailes was pushing them to be more supportive of Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump Roger Ailes from longtime Republican staff members and contributors who either opposed Mr. Trump ’s candidacy on the Trump campaign or believed it demanded tough reporting on journalistic grounds . There was , though , Mr. Trump voice unambiguously in Mr. Ailes ’s corner since the his network sexual harassment scandal : Breitbart . The Mr. Trump singular defender of Mr. some of the network’s journalists and contributors , with a piece about a planned walkout by network stars loyal to him should he Roger Ailes out   —    it never came to pass   —    and the website Mr. Trump’s candidacy on ideological grounds Roger Ailes ridiculing the " minor Murdochs " ( the 21st Century Fox chief Rupert Murdoch ’s sons and    James and Lachlan ) who Breitbart seen as leading Mr. Bannon for Mr. Ailes to resign . 
 Roger Ailes 