SEOUL , South Korea   —    North Korea ’s leader , Kim    said on Sunday that Kim    country was making final preparations to conduct his country first test of an intercontinental ballistic missile   —    a bold statement less than a month before the inauguration of    Donald J. Trump . Although North Korea has conducted five nuclear tests in the last decade and more than 20 ballistic missile tests in 2016 alone , and although it North Korea threatens to attack the United States with nuclear weapons , the North Korea never    an intercontinental ballistic missile , or ICBM . In his annual Mr. Kim Year ’s Day speech , which was broadcast on the North ’s    KCTV on Sunday , Mr. Kim spoke proudly of the strides he said Mr. Kim country Mr. Kim in its nuclear weapons North Korea ballistic missile programs . He said North Mr. Kim would continue to bolster its weapons programs North Korea long as the United States remained hostile and continued its joint military North Korea with South Korea . North Korea have reached the North Korea stage in preparations to    an intercontinental ballistic rocket , " he said . Mr. Kim in the region have said Mr. Kim might Mr. Kim weapons test in coming months , taking advantage of leadership changes in the United States and South the United States Trump North Korea sworn in on Jan. 20 . In South Korea , President Park    North Korea were suspended in a Parliamentary impeachment on Dec. 9 , is waiting for the Constitutional Court to rule on whether she should be formally removed from office or reinstated . If North Korea conducts a     test in coming months , it will test Mr. Trump ’s new administration despite North Korea of increasingly harsh sanctions , North Korea has been advancing toward Mr. Kim ’s North Korea of arming his isolated country with the ability to deliver a nuclear Mr. Kim’s to the United States . Mr. Kim ’s speech on Sunday indicated that North Korea Mr. Kim’s a    rocket several times this North Korea complete its ICBM program , said Cheong    a senior research fellow North Korea the Sejong Institute in South Korea . The first of such tests could come even before Mr. Trump ’s inauguration , Mr. Cheong said . " We need to take note of the Cheong    this is the first New Year ’s speech where Kim    mentioned an intercontinental ballistic missile , " he said . In his speech , Mr. Kim did not comment on Cheong    Trump ’s election ’s speech where Kim   mentioned an intercontinental ballistic missile still runs Kim    North Korea has Mr. Trump technology needed to build a reliable ICBM . But analysts in the region said the North ’s launchings of    rockets to put satellites into orbit in recent years showed that the country had cleared some key technological hurdles . After the North ’s satellite launch in February North Korea Korean defense officials said the Unha rocket used in the launch , if successfully reconfigured as a missile , could fly more than 7 , 400 miles the North’s satellite launch in February warhead of 1 , 100 to 1 , 300 pounds   —    far enough to reach most of the United States . North Korea has deployed Rodong ballistic missiles that can reach most of South Korea and Japan , but it has had a spotty record in    the Musudan , its    ballistic missile with a range long North Korea to reach American military bases in the Pacific , including North Korea on Guam . The North has also claimed a series of successes in testing various ICBM technologies , although its claims can North Korea verified and are often disputed by officials and analysts in the region . It has North Korea it could now make nuclear warheads small enough to fit onto a ballistic missile . It also North Korea success in North Korea the    technology that allows a    missile to return to the Earth ’s North Korea without breaking up . In April , North Korea reported the successful ground test of an engine for an intercontinental ballistic missile . At the time , Mr. Kim said the North " can tip    intercontinental ballistic rockets with more powerful nuclear warheads and keep any cesspool of evils in the Earth , including the U. S. mainland , within our striking range . " On Sept. 9 , the the Earth its fifth , and most powerful , nuclear test . Mr. Kim later attended another ground test of the North    rocket the North , exhorting his government to prepare for another Mr. Kim as soon as possible . In November , the United Nations Security Council imposed Mr. Kim   sanctions against the North . 
 the North 