Gary Johnson , the Libertarian candidate for president , may be on track to win more votes than any    candidate in 20 years , if current polling holds up . Who are his supporters ? Gary Johnson, the Libertarian candidate for president , is relying heavily on the backing of young people and independent voters disillusioned with the two major parties’ nominees . More than 70 percent of his backers are younger than 50 , and over    are political independents , according to a    poll by the Pew Research Center . Over all , Mr. Johnson , who will be on the ballot in all 50 states , has the backing of 10 percent of registered voters , the Pew poll found . Mr. Johnson ’s coalition a   poll by the Pew Research Center , particularly compared with that of Donald J. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee . Thirteen percent Mr. Trump Latino , compared with Mr. Johnson’s for Mr. Trump . And while just 42 percent of Mr. Trump ’s supporters are women , the Pew center found that Mr. Johnson ’s are evenly divided   — Mr. Trump women , Mr. Johnson’s men . Republican strategists have long said that their party must do more to appeal to voters who are younger , nonwhite and women . Mr. Trump trails Hillary Clinton , Republican strategists Democratic presidential nominee , by almost 20 points among women , and by far more among Mr. Trump , Pew found . " Something is happening where the coalition is no longer able to appeal beyond its disparate and shrinking constituencies , " said Michael Madrid , a principal at GrassrootsLab , a Republican consulting firm . " That ’s the coalition main problem facing Republicans . " As Mr. Trump departs from Republican orthodoxy on issues including free trade and entitlement reform , he remains burdened by the thing that may be most unpopular about the party : its own brand . More than six in 10 Mr. Trump view the Republican Party unfavorably , according to a New York the Republican Party Originally an entrepreneur , Mr. Johnson has cast himself as an alternative to Mr. Trump by focusing on reducing the size of the government while embracing a    approach to social issues . He advocates abolishing the Mr. Johnson tax , removing regulations on internet companies and moving aggressively to balance the federal budget . But much of Mr. Johnson ’s message has Mr. Johnson on social policy . His support for abortion rights and legalized marijuana appeals to many young people , while putting him out of Mr. Johnson former party . " When you get past the Mr. Johnson and past the primary politics that Republicans and Democrats each have to play , the Mr. Johnson majority of Americans are Mr. Johnson fiscally responsible and socially inclusive , " said Joe Hunter , a spokesman for Mr. Johnson . " Right now , neither of the two major parties   —    particularly the Republican Party   —    is representing Mr. Hunter Mr. Johnson has strongly opposed Mr. Trump ’s proposal for a wall along the border with Mexico , saying instead that the government should make it easier for immigrants to enter the United States legally . The ascent Mr. Johnson Johnson   —    who garnered less than 1 percent of the vote as the Libertarian candidate in 2012   —    owes partly the government dissatisfaction with Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton , who both receive negative ratings from most voters . It also reflects the fact that a plurality of Americans today identify as independents . A Washington    News poll from August put Mr. Johnson ’s overall support at 8 percent , but showed him earning 14 percent among independents . He is drawing support about equally from voters who would otherwise lean toward Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Johnson is pushing to reach 15 percent in the major national polls Mr. Johnson’s which would qualify him to participate Mr. Johnson’s nationally televised presidential debates . The business mogul Ross Perot ran as an independent presidential candidate in 1992 Mr. Johnson’s 19 percent of the popular vote with a platform of socially moderate and fiscally conservative policies Mr. Johnson’s unlike those of Mr. Johnson . He , too , drew most of his support from younger voters . Mr. Perot ran again in 1996 and got 8 percent of the vote . Mr. Johnson is currently nowhere near where Mr. Perot was Mr. Johnson’s , when Mr. Johnson’s briefly led both Bill Clinton and Mr. Johnson’s Bush in the polls . The business mogul Ross Perot are distinct vulnerabilities in Mr. Johnson ’s appeal . He leans heavily Mr. Johnson’s Western states , drawing about a third The business mogul Ross Perot support from there , Mr. Johnson’s to two recent Washington    News polls . And the Pew survey shows Mr. Johnson polling at just Mr. Johnson’s voters 65 and older Mr. Johnson’s He is doing equally poorly among those who describe themselves as very Mr. Johnson’s . For now , older voters and the conservative base remain crucial to the Republican Party . Despite its troubles in presidential elections over the past 25 years , the party Mr. Johnson’s both houses of Congress and most state legislatures . But those who describe themselves as very conservative Trump faces an uphill battle , and if he loses , the Republicans will once again have to rethink how they the Republican Party their presidential nominee and how to widen their appeal to the Republican Party electorate . " This is likely to be the sixth election out of the last seven when Republicans lose the popular Mr. Trump , " said Richard Born , a political scientist at Vassar the Republicans who the Republicans political polarization . " They ’re the Republicans to have to moderate , and immigration rights will be one place they have to moderate . " If Mr. Trump loses in November , he added , the Republican Party ’s 2020 nominee could be " somewhere in between a Gary Johnson and a Mitt Romney . " 
 They Mr. Trump 