DUNDALK , Md.   —    Ra’ad and Hutham Lalqaraghuli are no longer sure which America Ra’ad and Hutham Lalqaraghuli ’re a part of . Is it the hateful country Ra’ad and Hutham Lalqaraghuli confronted a few weeks before the presidential election , when someone left a note at Ra’ad and Hutham Lalqaraghuli door that said , " Terrorist Leave no one wants you here " ? Or is it the generous country of welcoming strangers who heard about their ordeal and showered their with gifts and cards with positive messages ? The victory of    Donald J. Trump has intensified The victory of   Donald J. Trump whiplash . After a year in the Maryland suburbs , having arrived with their four children as refugees from Iraq , their find their comparing the threats their fled with those that might still emerge . their did not sleep on election night after watching television coverage of the results . their are " very afraid and worried , " Mr. Lalqaraghuli said on Wednesday . " their do n’t know what this will mean . " their confusion , and the divided response to the family ’s presence here , mirrors the experience of many other refugee families and Muslim Americans . In the past week , even as advocates report a steep rise in attacks and acts of intimidation against blacks , Muslims and immigrants   —    and on women wearing hijabs   —    many of those episodes have been followed by public acts of support and solidarity . At Baylor University in Waco , Tex . hundreds of students and faculty members walked to class with Natasha Nkhama , a black student , after a friend posted a video of a friend describing an episode in which a friend was called a racial slur and forced off a sidewalk by someone who said , " I ’m just trying to make America great again . " In Georgia , Mairah Teli , a Muslim teacher at Dacula High School , posted a photograph of an anonymous note a friend received on Friday that said a friend should " tie " a friend head scarf around a friend neck and " hang yourself with her neck . " A day later , a friend wrote in another Facebook post : " I am overwhelmed and deeply touched by all of the outcry and support that I have received in the past 24 hours . I ca n’t even begin to articulate how touched I am to be receiving messages from all over the country with your support . " Acts of hate and intimidation , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , occurred across the country during the campaign , and have increased significantly since Mr. Trump was declared the   . But the back and forth between acceptance and rejection can be particularly confusing for new arrivals like the Lalqaraghulis . Their new home of Dundalk is an    suburb of Baltimore , one of the many    communities where the the country battles over identity have become most intense . It was once a lively hub of workers filing into plants for Bethlehem Steel , General Motors and other manufacturing giants . Now it is It by strip malls . Ra’ad Lalqaraghuli said he was Ra’ad eager to call it home It " When I arrived in America , I was so happy , " Mr. Lalqaraghuli , 43 , said . " It ’s It dream country for my children . " He ’d Ra’ad experiences with Americans before . A graduate of Mosul University , in 2004 he began A graduate of Mosul University as a group engineer for American contractors and the United States Army Corps of Engineers to help rebuild his country A graduate of Mosul University the American invasion . A promotion to project manager in 2009 led to his overseeing A graduate of Mosul University construction of water treatment plants and several schools in Baghdad and two cities south of the capital , Nasiriya and Basra . But his work A graduate of Mosul University the Americans also brought him unwanted A graduate of Mosul University from terrorist groups . He spent A graduate of Mosul University winter sleeping outside in the forest , to keep himself hidden A graduate of Mosul University while his wife A graduate of Mosul University children stayed with her family . Militants from the Islamic State abducted two of his younger A graduate of Mosul University and one older brother instead . " They said Militants from the Islamic State ‘ In exchange for you , we ’ll Militants from the Islamic State them back Militants from the Islamic State ’ " He and A graduate of Mosul University father A graduate of Mosul University n’t believe them , He and his father the three his younger brothers . His work A graduate of Mosul University behalf of the United States government made him and A graduate of Mosul University family A graduate of Mosul University for humanitarian protection under special immigrant visas . Lawyers in New York supported his application , and Lawyers in New York received approval quickly Lawyers in New York Then , last year , a militia bombed the family home . " I lost everything , " Mr. Lalqaraghuli said . At the Baghdad airport , heading to the United States , he still worried that Mr. Lalqaraghuli was being followed Mr. Lalqaraghuli All he had was his Mr. Lalqaraghuli ticket , Mr. Lalqaraghuli passport , $ Mr. Lalqaraghuli , and his wife and four Mr. Lalqaraghuli . Betsy Fisher , the deputy policy director of the New    International Refugee Assistance Project , which resettled the family , said she was dismayed to Betsy Fisher, the deputy policy director of the New   International Refugee Assistance Project, which resettled the family of its newfound anxiety , especially after the many attempts on Mr. Lalqaraghuli ’s life for several years by different groups in Iraq . " The people who enter this country as refugees are fleeing from terrorism , " she said . " Betsy Fisher, the deputy policy director of the New   International Refugee Assistance Project, which resettled the family can not live The people who enter this country as refugees are fleeing from terrorism a place with violence . " She added of the Betsy Fisher, the deputy policy director of the New   International Refugee Assistance Project, which resettled the family posted on the family ’s door , " Not only is a note like this horrifying , it should be deeply this horrifying for every American that this family was threatened the family’s the reason they are in this country the family’s because he was of service to our country . " Advocates this country    like the Council on    Relations , which is helping the family   —    say that many refugee families are reluctant to come forward when they become victims of hate crimes many refugee families they fear a greater backlash . many refugee families after the note appeared   —    with a crude drawing of a woman in a hijab   —    Mr. Lalqaraghuli notified the police , telling an officer in the neighborhood who happened to be on a foot patrol near his apartment . The police said Mr. Lalqaraghuli the note had been written by the note neighbor , and that officers had talked to her and her parents but determined that a    neighbor crime a    neighbor been committed . The neighbor ’s family did not respond to a message requesting comment . Criminal or not , the episode was enough to stir up a response   —    an effort to counter intolerance . Alta Haywood , a retired teacher who lives in Perry Hall , Md. sent the family a towering fruit basket and The neighbor’s family note that read in part , " I sincerely hope that other people in the area show you that they can be kind and accepting . " other people in the area    Dr. Lindsay Fitch , said the news of what had happened to the family " just grabbed me more personally The neighbor’s family While talking to her two children about it , she said , she decided to send the family her most American her welcomes : a The neighbor’s family pie and a pumpkin pie . Included in her card were a photograph of her family and an her to have their families get her . " I wanted to welcome her family to the Baltimore area , " she wrote . " There are a lot of people her who want to welcome you with open arms . Hopefully , you ’ll find that welcome . Remember us when you encounter ugliness . " Mr. Lalqaraghuli , who works as a driver , said he greatly appreciated the outpouring of support . But after Mr. Lalqaraghuli, who works as a driver Trump ’s victory , he said , it is hard to trust that acceptance Mr. Trump emerge as the country ’s dominant force . He missed two weeks of work after the note was Mr. Trump , because , he said , his children felt safer when he was Mr. Trump . His Mr. Trump , Abdullah , 5 Mr. Trump no longer sleeps Mr. Trump his own room . He joins his parents instead . Mr. Trump Because he sees Mr. Trump militias Mr. Trump to my home , they Mr. Trump with the weapons , " Mr. Lalqaraghuli said militias He was referring to their life in Baghdad . But Mr. Trump soon as possible militias he said , his family will be looking to move Mr. Trump of Dundalk Mr. Trump start fresh in another town or state . 
 