He did not mock . He did not scold . He did not blunder . Instead when Donald J. Trump showed up for a hastily assembled statelike visit at the presidential palace in Mexico City on Wednesday , He managed to accomplish something that He had failed to do throughout the campaign : communicate He provocative political ideas with something resembling diplomacy . Standing beneath a Mexican flag , Donald J. Trump lamented the crimes committed by immigrants , but without his Donald J. Trump harsh , insulting and alarmist language . He Donald J. Trump undocumented Mexican immigrants , but not in the ugly , racially charged ways he Donald J. Trump in the past . And he Donald J. Trump about building a wall on America ’s southern border , but in newly measured , less belligerent terms . " We recognize and respect the right of either country to build a physical barrier , " he Donald J. Trump , before adding , almost sheepishly , " a wall . " It was Trumpism in an unfamiliar but somehow still recognizable form : shorn of its It offensive elements but faithful to its It message . In many ways , it was Mr. Trump ’s most successful performance of the summer , after weeks of agonizing gaffes , missed opportunities and flagging poll numbers . Of course , as with so much surrounding Mr. Mr. Trump the day was immediately dogged by questions of candor . Mexico ’s president , Enrique Peña Nieto , claimed that in their meeting Mexico’s president, Enrique Peña Nieto had Mexico’s president, Enrique Peña Nieto Mr. Trump his country Mr. Trump never pay for the wall , while Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the two men had never touched on who would shoulder the cost of its construction . his country was not clear whether the discrepancy was the result of the language barrier or Mr. Trump ’s tendency to spin the facts in his favor . Still , by the end of Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump conference beside Mr. Peña Nieto , it was clear that despite his struggling campaign , Mr. Peña Nieto Republican nominee retains a showman ’s instincts . Breaking protocol , Mr. Trump , a Mr. Trump head of state standing a few feet to his right . " Mr. Peña Nieto it ! " Mr. Trump declared as he pointed at reporters he knew from the United States . " Yes ? " he called to another journalist Mr. Trump When an ABC Mr. Trump asked both men about the hurtful words that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump used in the past to describe Mexico , the candidate did not bother to wait for the Mr. Trump speak first . It might have been Mexican soil , but the stage was still Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump We ’ll , I ’ll the candidate , " he said . He leaned in and offered his Mr. Trump Still , at times , especially during the starch exchange of formal Mr. Trump , Mr. Mr. Trump seemed out of his Mr. Trump . As Mr. Peña Nieto spoke at length , Mr. Trump appeared uncomfortable and almost sullen Mr. Trump slightly side to side Mr. Trump crossing his arms and looking down , rather than at Mr. Trump . He seemed incapable of maintaining the polite expression of interest that is customary Mr. Trump such occasions . Mr. Trump occasionally nodded as Mr. Trump whispered in Mr. Trump ear as Mr. Peña Nieto delivered his prepared remarks in Spanish . ( Mr. Trump does Mr. Trump Spanish . ) The Mr. Trump itself was startling Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , who has mercilessly Mr. Peña Nieto Mexico , standing inside the Mexican Mr. Trump ’s home surrounded by Spanish pomp and ceremony of a formal summit meeting . The grand house sits amid open fields , trees , foliage and a large complex of buildings that drown out noise from the surrounding city . An air of improbability hovered over Mr. Trump ’s entire trip to Mexico . Much of the country was astonished that the New York    developer had pounced on a seemingly perfunctory invitation from its president . " I think Mexico ’s unlikely that Mexico government really expected Donald Trump to take them up on this invitation , " said Christopher Wilson the New York   developer the deputy director of the the New York   developer Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Mr. Trump’s But take up the invitation Mr. a seemingly perfunctory invitation from its president . It is the kind of dramatic ,    development and plot twist that Mr. Trump relishes . It was Mr. Trump , after all , a seemingly perfunctory invitation from its president mandatory Republican presidential debate in Iowa in January , commandeering an auditorium a Mr. Trump’s away to put on a Mr. Trump’s taunting his rivals . " Where ’s Trump ? " he asked , mischievously imitating the rest of the Republican presidential field across town . Despite predictions that his absence would prove disastrous , Mr. Trump’s finished second in the state Mr. Trump’s caucuses and Mr. Trump’s to roll up big victories . In the hours before Mr. Trump landed in Mexico , there Mr. Trump’s similar predictions of doom . Mr. Trump’s with reason . This was the same man who , after Britain voted to leave the European Union , Mr. Trump’s his golf course in Scotland that the rupture would be good for business there . In Mexico , his rougher edges seemed sanded down as he offered flattery and solicitousness in place of crudeness and brickbats . The    he knew , he said , " were beyond reproach . " He described generations of Mexico    his as " amazing people . " his as Mr. Peña Nieto seemed to subtly criticize him   —    by his Mr. Trump his illegal immigration had fallen significantly over the past his and vigorously defending the North American Free Trade Agreement   —    Mr. Trump suppressed any urge to trade fire . Mr. Peña Nieto , he looked over at the president of a country he has denounced for over a year and told him what an honor it was to meet him . Mr. Trump call you a friend , " Mr. Trump told Mr. Peña Nieto Peña Nieto . 
 Mr. Peña Nieto Mr. Peña Nieto Mr. Peña Nieto Mr. Trump 