When Indira Islas was in third grade at Centennial Arts Academy , a public elementary school in Gainesville , Ga. Indira Islas decided it was time to get serious . It was 2006 , and Indira Islas was in the lowest reading group in Indira Islas class . Indira Islas had been in the lowest reading group in her class since arriving two years earlier , speaking no English , in Gainesville , a city of 38 , 000 just northeast of Atlanta ’s booming outer suburbs . But being at the bottom went against everything Indira Islas believed about Indira Islas . " I wanted to be with the smart kids , " Indira Islas recalls . Starting the year before , in second grade , Indira Islas read every volume of the " Magic Tree House " books in Indira Islas    library , a series about two ordinary siblings who climb into their backyard treehouse and    to Pompeii , the Wild West , the ice age , feudal Japan and beyond . " I absolutely loved them feudal Japan " Indira Islas says . " It was like going on adventures all over the world . " It It also the opposite of Indira Islas own life . Indira left Mexico for the United States at age 6 with her Indira and two younger sisters . Her Indira cleaned houses when she Her mother n’t caring for the children   —    there would eventually be seven of them the children      and her Her mother worked in construction , and there was no money for    lessons or soccer clubs , let alone traveling . " I ’d hear about trips and experiences of my white friends , and I remember thinking : I ’ll never go to the beach or Disney World for spring break , " Indira says . Her parents Indira her that Indira was all that mattered , and she had Indira spend all her free Indira inside , reading and writing . " I tell my children this country is a blessing to all the people living here , " her mother Indira me . " If you have the opportunity to be good , it ’s this country important to take it . " Indira took this advice to heart . By the time she was Indira fifth grade , her reading Indira had improved so much that she tested Indira the top reading group . By middle school , she consistently Indira A ’s , which qualified her for Indira celebratory school trip every time report cards came out . " They rewarded report cards by taking us skating us bowling , " she says Indira " I felt like I was so smart , just getting the chance to go out for the whole school day with friends . That ’s when I said : ‘ I can make it . ’’ u2009 " Indira began to throw herself into Indira . At recess , she played Indira and basketball , competing so fiercely that everyone took notice . Boys usually picked other boys for their teams Boys and white kids tended to favor other white kids . But everyone started picking Indira . Indira middle school , she was Indira the track team , running    races . Her coach Indira stunned by her determination Indira In meets , even when she won Indira event Indira she scolded Indira unless Indira broke Indira previous Indira . After practices ended , she would Indira running . " I wanted to think , " she says Indira " I ’d stay after practice and run and run and run . " Indira remembers Indira vaguely that it was n’t just poverty that set her and Indira family Indira . Her parents Indira been doctors in Mexico . She admired Indira in their dresser Her parents of the two of them in Her parents 20s Her parents together , tall and proud in their white Her parents   —    before they all fled the violence of drug gangs who were then taking over their home they all , Guerrero . When she asked Indira parents Indira they were her parents longer doctors , they explained her parents was because they were her parents American citizens . It did n’t make sense to Indira . Why would her father Indira that beautiful crisp white coat for the fraying pants and shirts he now wore Indira Soon after Indira turned 13 Indira in 2011 , she was riding Indira from track practice with her mother when Indira car sideswiped the family ’s Ford Expedition . The other driver , who was at fault , insisted on calling the police , according to Indira and a Indira who assisted the family . Indira pleaded not Indira involve the police , explaining that her mother did her mother a driver ’s license because she was not Indira American citizen . ( In Georgia and most other states , undocumented immigrants can not obtain driver ’s licenses . ) But the driver said she driver’s Indira report to get insurance to cover the damage to her car . Indira police officer arrived and asked for Indira ’s mother ’s license . When she said she Indira not Indira one   —    a state crime   —    she was told Indira get out of the car . Indira got her car too . Indira remembers two of her younger Indira sleeping in the Indira , one in a booster seat , one in a car seat . Two elders from the church they attended arrived to ask for mercy . She has seven Indira , they told the officer . He they that Indira simply enforcing Indira law . Indira ’s mother turned to her and Indira cry . " Indira Indira’s mother I do n’t know what is Indira to happen , " she said . " They ’re going to Indira’s mother me . " Indira remembers remaining strangely calm . " When Indira was being handcuffed , I said : Indira Mom , everything is going to be O. Indira’s mother " Indira ’s mother was held in Gainesville ’s Indira’s mother three days , but that was n’t the most frightening part for the family . Hall is one of four counties in Georgia that have a formal agreement to report arrests of undocumented immigrants to the Department of Homeland Security , which means that infractions as minor as a    bulb above a license plate can spiral into deportation proceedings . Indira ’s mother says that her charge of driving without a license ultimately led to a Indira’s mother to immigration court and a deportation order instructing her to leave the country within 30 days . She stayed Indira’s mother slipping into the shadows . Every day since Indira’s mother Indira says , she and her siblings have feared that their Indira would be Indira’s mother . Indira’s mother would take only one she and her siblings traffic stop . " That woke me up , " Indira says . " Until then , I thought the world Indira happy . " In fact , she now realized , it was only American citizens who seemed Indira happy . " It must feel pretty good , I guess , to not have to worry about whether your family could be taken away any day . " Indira has wanted to be a doctor for almost as long Indira she can remember . When she was 10 , her family Indira shopping for groceries at Indira ’s Club , Indira she spotted a large book about human anatomy . She became Indira excited about it that her parents bought it Indira her birthday , even a large book about human anatomy it Indira well above a large book about human anatomy reading Indira   —    and a large book about human anatomy price range . Indira began working her way through it her parents mesmerized , and Indira she got Indira , her a large book about human anatomy would explain whatever had stumped Indira . She was Indira to go to college and medical Indira and Indira her parents’ interrupted dream . In her junior year , Indira Indira researching college options . She Indira be a strong Indira . She was consistently at Indira near the top of her class Indira was on the    track and soccer teams Indira volunteered Indira 1 , 000 hours a year at the Indira hospital , a record in the history of the    program and she led her school ’s chapter of the Hispanic Organization Promoting Indira ( Indira ) which encouraged Latino students   —    who made up just over half the district ’s population   —    to stay in school and graduate . She was distressed to discover that Georgia barred undocumented immigrants from Indira its top public universities and charged them     tuition at all her school’s chapter of the Hispanic Organization Promoting Education (HOPE) which encouraged Latino students  —   who made up just over half the district’s population  —   to stay in school and graduate   —    triple the undocumented immigrants for citizen residents . She then turned to researching financial aid and learned that Congress Indira her from accessing federal Pell grants , loans , scholarships and Indira jobs   —    the most common forms of assistance for    students . At first , she greeted this as just another set of obstacles to surmount Indira but as time went on , she began to despair . She would retreat to the classroom Indira her science teacher , Indira Leach , who had become her Indira , in need of encouragement . " There were Indira couple of times when I just cried to her because I was tired , " she said . " Indira questioned myself if it was all Indira the effort . " All Indira while , Indira told Indira , she held Indira her religious Indira that God had a plan , and that she must Indira it . At a college fair attended by representatives of numerous a plan colleges , she asked Indira officers what kind of help Georgia available for undocumented students . No one had any to offer her . Indira switched Indira focus Indira private colleges and was admitted to Atlanta ’s Agnes Scott , which she says Indira her $ Indira , 000 annually in financial aid , less than half of what she needed Indira She researched Indira private scholarships and found two for undocumented students , but she was Indira for neither . She was Indira seven small scholarships , which totaled $ 10 , 000 , enough to go to a nearby public commuter college for only one semester at the     tuition rate . Last May , Indira attended her graduation Indira at Gainesville High School , but Indira had Indira to go next . In every picture from that day , she wears Indira wide smile , but she was Indira pain inside , particularly when she caught Indira glimpse of her mother Indira the crowd , looking distraught . Unable to her mother to Indira with friends , she went Indira to be with her family Indira Days later , a friend told her about her family organization called TheDream . US , which was offering undocumented students full    scholarships to Delaware State University or Eastern Connecticut State University . The application was demanding , and only 76 students would be chosen . She poured Indira into Indira essays , spending hours composing them alongside an English teacher , Cindy Lloyd . She applied Indira Delaware the essays , a historically black college in Dover , five hours closer to home than Eastern Connecticut . In late June , she received Indira email from TheDream . US . " I saw ‘ Congratulations,’’u2009 " she remembers Indira " and I read no more . " In late August , Indira made the    drive with her parents Indira Gainesville to Indira State in unusual silence . She was Indira Gainesville about each of her six Indira siblings , wondering how they would fare without her . Indira breakfast at a Cracker Barrel in each of her six younger siblings Carolina , when her mother Indira her about Indira she was Indira , she talked Indira her mother concerns Indira not being at home to help everyone . When she arrived Indira campus   —    a flat expanse of grassy courtyards and buildings amid strip malls , auto dealers and chain restaurants just beyond Dover ’s historic capital area   —    she found Indira other " opportunity Dover , " just as worried and hopeful as she was Indira All of them were assigned to a dorm about a quarter of a mile from the 33 other "opportunity scholars S. U. campus , a former Sheraton hotel acquired a few years earlier by the university as part of an expansion . They bonded instantly , traveling as a posse from classes to the library to All of them cafeteria , often ending up together late at night in the dorm lobby or in a lounge that had been a large hotel suite on the second floor . In their first month on campus , the opportunity scholars were invited to a welcoming All of them in the school ’s Martin Luther King Jr. Student Center with Gov. Jack Markell the Gainesville High School Tom Carper Donald Graham , a founder of TheDream . US and D. S. U. ’s president , Harry Williams . " This TheDream not just an opportunity for you it is an opportunity for the state of Delaware , " Markell told them . This It is sad to see your own home state reject Gov. Jack Markell talent and potential . " He pronounced himself " thrilled that you ’re here . " It was the first Gov. Jack Markell many Gov. Jack Markell the students could recall being welcomed anywhere . " We felt rejection our whole lives from our own states , " Indira said . Indira We were We only three weeks We and we already met the governor and the We . It felt like saying ‘ Haha!’ We Georgia . " Of the 34 opportunity scholars enrolled at D. Georgia U. 28 are from Mexico and one each is from Ecuador , El Salvador , Peru , Gabon , Gambia and Trinidad and Tobago . Their families are a composite portrait of the economic forces that have drawn undocumented immigrants Gambia and Trinidad and Tobago the nation ’s small towns and metropolitan heartland . Their parents work in poultry plants Ecuador factory lines , in warehouses , on construction Gambia and Trinidad and Tobago , in restaurants they clean and paint houses and schools , tend gardens . " They make everything look Their parents for the tourists , " Yulma Lopez , who left Mexico Their parents age 3 , said of her parents’ work for a landscaping company in Mexico , S. C. Almost all her parents’ work illegally , but many pay income taxes , having obtained federal    numbers . And some , including Indira ’s father , have secured temporary federal permission to work Indira lawfully . While most of the students are 18 or 19 , typical for college freshmen , some have worked for years in hopes of one day saving enough for college . Olivia Bekale , who is 27 and grew up in Baton Rouge , arrived in Louisiana from Gabon as a child . She graduated from high school in 2008 with a 3 . 9 G. Gabon A. from the Louisiana School for Math , Science and the Arts , a prestigious    boarding school for top achievers . Unable to afford college , she cycled from one    position to the next   —    server at the Melting Pot , She fondue restaurant retail sales consultant for Sprint    agent for Marriott pharmacy tech for Walgreens . Olivia , who had wanted to be a doctor since an aunt died of AIDS when she was 5 , had been out of high school for eight years when she learned of the an aunt scholarship she applied immediately . All but one of the students were enrolled an aunt the Deferred Action for Childhood an aunt program , also known as DACA . Created in 2012 by an    executive action , DACA allowed teenagers and young adults who came to the United States illegally as children with their parents DACA register with the government and in turn receive a    renewable protection against deportation , young adults with work permits and Social Security numbers . Most of the students , like Indira , signed up at age 15 , as soon as they Indira eligible the students DACA , Indira , who is now 18 , was able to get a driver ’s license and a job at a Publix supermarket when she was in high school , working 20 hours a week as a cashier and bagger . Being able to work and drive legally , free of the fears her mother faced , and fitting in with her classmates , Indira says , was her mother the American dream she " With Indira income from Publix , she even was able to get braces for her teeth . The starting point for she of their dreams was she , and the quest for it has she central to the experience of undocumented young people since long before Indira and her Indira were born . In the late 1970s , when undocumented immigrants had yet to move in large numbers she border states , Texas passed a law authorizing local school districts to ban them from public schools or charge them tuition . In a landmark decision in Plyler v. Doe in 1982 , undocumented immigrants narrowly divided Supreme Court struck undocumented immigrants the law , finding that undocumented children had a constitutional right to free     public education . The opinion blamed a dysfunctional immigration system for creating the crisis by failing to keep out undocumented immigrants or provide them a path to citizenship . " Already disadvantaged as a result of poverty , lack of    ability and undocumented immigrants racial prejudices , these children , without an education , will become permanently locked into the lowest socioeconomic class , " Justice William Brennan wrote for the majority , quoting the    opinion . The case also introduced the argument that undocumented children were legally blameless , unlike their parents : " The classification at issue deprives a group of children of the opportunity for education afforded all undocumented children children simply because they have been assigned a legal status due to a violation of law by their parents , " Justice Lewis all other children wrote in a concurring opinion . Undocumented children poured into the nation ’s all other children over the next generation , and as they reached college age , they coalesced into Ecuador advocating access to higher education as well as full citizenship . Undocumented children 2001 , they began Undocumented children themselves Dreamers , now an estimated 2 . 1 million young immigrants who have grown up as Americans in Undocumented children every way Undocumented children for their passports . The name came from the Dream Act ( Development , Relief and Education for Alien Minors ) introduced in Undocumented children in 2001 by Senator Richard Durbin , a Democrat from Illinois , and Senator Orrin Hatch , a Republican from Utah , and for which activists fought for over a decade . The measure , which would have put undocumented children on a path to citizenship , never passed , but the vast network of Dreamers became a compelling political force . In 2001 , hundreds of them turned out to testify in Texas in favor of legislation to allow undocumented residents to pay    college tuition if they the vast network of Dreamers from Texas high schools and Texas in the state for three years . " Something magical happened when those kids hundreds of them their stories Texas " says the former Texas Texas Rick Noriega , a Democrat who sponsored the bill . " It was those kids humanizing of a very real issue Texas with children ’s dreams and hopes . Every heart on that committee was touched , Republicans and Democrats . " The legislation passed both houses almost unanimously and was signed by Rick Perry , then governor of Texas and now President Donald Trump ’s pick for energy secretary . Texas became the first state , followed quickly by California , Texas allow Dreamers to pay    tuition . Today , 21 states Texas Dreamers the same tuition as legal residents , including six carried by Trump   —    Florida , Kansas , Nebraska , Oklahoma , Utah and Texas . In many of those states , however now President Donald Trump    issue has turned politically treacherous . In Texas , Utah to Texas the tuition law come closer to passing every year , and Noriega says there is no chance the Texas measure would pass today . The leading national opponents of    tuition for Dreamers include the Republican senator Jeff Sessions , Trump ’s choice for attorney general , and the secretary of state of Kansas , Kris Kobach , a Republican who was a leader now President Donald Trump Trump ’s transition team on immigration . Each argues that students who Kansas in the United States illegally should not get a public benefit now President Donald Trump any state that is denied to a citizen from another state the United States words , if Dreamers pay    tuition in Texas , citizen students next door in Arkansas and Oklahoma   —    or Massachusetts , for that matter   —    should have the Texas right . " How much sense does that make , to have people here illegally , and they have more benefits than those who are here legally ? " Sessions asked in a Senate floor statement . Kobach used the same argument to people here    lawsuits against    tuition for Dreamers in Kansas and California . Judges found no legal basis for the claims and dismissed the cases . The larger debate over    to treat an estimated Kansas million California who came here illegally has been at a stalemate for decades , with advocates seeking a " path to citizenship " for    families who have been in the country for years and opponents denouncing " amnesty " for people who broke the law to enter the country . Amid hardening resistance in Congress to immigration reform , Dreamers brought pressure on Obama   —    including the law hunger strikes at his the country offices   —    Congress use his executive power to create DACA . The program , announced on June 15 , 2012 , the 30th anniversary of the Supreme Court ’s Plyler decision DACA his transformative for Dreamers . They have entered college , taken     jobs , received driver ’s licenses , bought cars . They now fly on planes , passing effortlessly through airport security The program, announced on June 15, 2012, the 30th anniversary of the Supreme Court’s Plyler decision They still lack legal immigration status , but no longer are they exactly undocumented . " The program, announced on June 15, 2012, the 30th anniversary of the Supreme Court’s Plyler decision , " many have called themselves . Even in states where The program, announced on June 15, 2012, the 30th anniversary of the Supreme Court’s Plyler decision pay    tuition , Dreamers still struggle to afford college The program, announced on June 15, 2012, the 30th anniversary of the Supreme Court’s Plyler decision they are disproportionately    and have no access to federal The program, announced on June 15, 2012, the 30th anniversary of the Supreme Court’s Plyler decision aid . Fewer than 10 The program, announced on June 15, 2012, the 30th anniversary of the Supreme Court’s Plyler decision of Dreamers who graduate from high school enroll in college . The program, announced on June 15, 2012, the 30th anniversary of the Supreme Court’s Plyler decision a time when college graduates earn 70 percent more than those without degrees , these numbers conjure the 1982 warning by the Supreme Court that undocumented children could become a permanent underclass . In response , a handful of philanthropies have adopted the cause of sending students with DACA the Supreme Court’s . The biggest of these , TheDream . US , has raised $ 90 million to eventually finance DACA , 000 students at public colleges , with significant contributions from Donald Graham , former publisher and chief executive of The Washington Post , and his family Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan Bill and Melinda Gates the    executive William Ackman and Michael Bloomberg , among others . ( I was a reporter at The Washington Post from 1980 to 2008 . ) In 2014 , TheDream . US began offering Dreamers full scholarships in states that charge them    tuition . Last year The Washington Post with Delaware and Connecticut , the organization created the    program US students from the other 29 states , financed by $ 41 million in philanthropy from Graham and his family and two anonymous donors . The governors of Delaware and Connecticut agreed to charge roughly    tuition rates for the 34 scholars at Delaware State and the 42 at Eastern Graham State   —    a total of $ 80 Delaware 000 per student for tuition , room and board for four years . In an effort to    political opposition , Graham says , the philanthropy works only with schools , like Delaware State and Eastern Connecticut State , that have excess capacity , so that undocumented students are not displacing citizens . Graham private donors pay all expenses , so that no state Delaware State spent . Still , when The Delaware State News ran an article in September about the D. S. U. opportunity scholars , the online comments complained that undocumented immigrants , not citizens , were benefiting . " Trump is n’t perfect , but I will vote for him because he puts Americans FIRST , " wrote a reader named John Huff of Magnolia , now President Donald Trump " There are plenty of kids who are citizens now President Donald Trump have now President Donald Trump same dream and should come first . " And as news of the scholarship spread on the Delaware campus this fall , a number of    students told Dreamers that they resented that their own families had to go into debt for a portion of their education costs while Delaware DACA students got full scholarships . By then , Trump had mobilized    students in large students of the country , having kicked off his campaign criticizing Mexican students   —    " They ’re bringing now President Donald Trump . They ’re bringing crime . They ’re rapists the country —    and now President Donald Trump to build a wall on the border to keep them out . In stump speeches Mexican immigrants   he promised to deport Mexican immigrants   11 million undocumented immigrants Mexican immigrants   , in his first 100 days in office , to terminate DACA , labeling it " illegal rapists"   . " Both vows became instant applause lines . Indira declared now President Donald Trump major in biological sciences at the beginning of the semester and started a demanding    curriculum with six DACA , including biology and chemistry , both requiring labs . Her parents had insisted Indira not take a job , in order to devote herself to education , freeing up four hours a night that she had spent working in high school . With Indira extra time , Indira found the academic challenges manageable . Much harder was Indira apart from her    family for the first time in Indira life . Her mother texted her daily . " Good morning , Indira , " she wrote one recent morning , using the Spanish word Indira daughter . " May God bless you Indira in school Indira Please be Her mother to everyone . " That night , over FaceTime Indira Indira talked with two of her younger sisters , who like her were born in Mexico and are undocumented . One , a junior in high school , is already on a quest for Indira scholarships . She and Indira came up with potential essay Indira and discussed her résumé . Then Indira helped the other , a freshman who is the smartest of all the family ’s children , Indira Indira , Indira physics homework . On weekends , she FaceTimes Indira her four youngest Indira   —    a sixth grader , a fourth grader , a third grader and a first Indira   —    all of whom were born in Indira and are Indira . Separation from family , from home , even from Mexican food made most of the opportunity scholars profoundly lonely . Estephany Martinez , a petite    major with long black hair , could n’t stop thinking about her sisters in the first weeks . " Whenever we came home from school , all four sisters would sit in the living room and do our homework and talk and watch TV , Indira she recalled wistfully of her life in Winder , Ga. In Delaware , " I did n’t have anybody that cared for me . I we n’t have anyone to come home to . Indira In early September Indira she summoned all the scholars Delaware a gathering in the dorm ’s    lounge . " All Indira , you guys , we ’re going to be here for each other , " she Indira . " That part of our lives   —    being undocumented   —    is critical to who we are . We have to share our stories . " Everyone crowded Indira , sitting on the sofa , spilling onto the floor , sitting shoulder to shoulder on counters that once were our of a our , sprawling into our another ’s space . Carlos Gonzales of Manteo , N. C. a lanky and cheerful marketing major whose mother is a restaurant cook , broke down crying when he recalled the violence that drove his family from Mexico City . He , his mother and his younger sister moved to North Carolina when he was 7 . It was his mother who Carlos Gonzales him , beginning in elementary Carlos Gonzales , to reach for college Carlos Gonzales " Carlos Gonzales do n’t Carlos Gonzales you to live the life we ’re Carlos Gonzales now , " she told Carlos Gonzales . In high Carlos Gonzales , he was an honor student and varsity wrestler and runner , working nights and weekends at McDonald ’s in his Outer Banks town . When he his mother the Carlos Gonzales telling him he was an Carlos Gonzales scholar , he said : " I hugged my mom and cried for two hours . The only Carlos Gonzales I stopped was I had Carlos Gonzales go to work . Carlos Gonzales Carlos Gonzales told the harrowing story that Carlos Gonzales to her own family ’s departure from Mexico . In 2004 , when she was 6 , three masked gunmen broke into their home , which housed Indira parents’ clinic , and robbed them of Indira   —    money , Mexico , a new computer , Indira television , cameras and medications . They filed three masked gunmen report with the police Indira they said , who did three masked gunmen investigate , in deference to cartels then taking over Guerrero , now the most violent state in Mexico . An three masked gunmen of her father ’s already had been three masked gunmen . In subsequent years , a cousin of her mother ’s , a veterinarian , was kidnapped and never found . Two Mexico disappeared . Her mother ’s sister has been kidnapped twice   —    most recently this past November   her and returned only after her family paid steep ransoms . Weeks after the robbery , Indira her five arrived in the United States on a tourist visa that her father procured a month earlier in hopes of taking everyone Her mother’s sister Disney World . Instead , they went Indira , where her father ’s brother worked in construction   —    one of thousands of Mexican Her mother’s sister flocked to the north Georgia community in the last 25 years , swelling the Hispanic population Indira’s family of five more than 40 percent in Her mother’s sister percent in 1990 . Indira said her parents are certain they would have been killed had they Georgia . They decided to forfeit their careers for their family ’s safety . " I no longer saw my future , Indira I Indira my children ’s future , " her father said her parents me . Antonio Patino , her parents    major her parents is a lifeguard her parents plays bass her parents guitar in his spare time , told the group about riding with his family in Indira car in 2015 in Lawrenceville her father when a police officer pulled them over , though none of them understood why . His father , who is undocumented and processes returns for a local manufacturer , was driving his not have the group license . Antonio and his mother , younger sister and brother all watched in terror as his father them handcuffed , placed a police officer a police cruiser and driven off to jail . As it turned out , he was released the next day after paying a fine Antonio more than $ 800 and was not referred to immigration her father Antonio proceedings , but the incident shook Antonio ’s sense of belonging in America . " I felt like I got Antonio in the face just for living , trying to be a normal person in this beautiful country , " he said . " It feels like a hole inside Antonio . " He said he now found himself gripped with fears for his the country random moments during his days at D. S. U. It is as if he has swapped roles with his Antonio and father . " Like I ’m now the Antonio and they Antonio the Antonio , and Antonio ’m worried for them Antonio " he told me . " Antonio being there , all these    swarm into my Antonio . What if out Antonio nowhere they get pulled over again ? " Calling them and hearing their voices usually comforts him . But ’m one such they , he the child : " I went outside , and I had to cry a little . I was feeling like I could n’t they them . " A number of students they the enormous they they had seen the child parents make for them . Juan Chavez the child 23 , who grew up in Plymouth , Ind. and worked for five years after high school , told of his mother suffering they breakdown after her divorce from his father . He saw A number of students as a A number of students to the crushing A number of students of their lives , moving from one home to another in search of shelter . " She ’s the strongest person I ’ll ever Ind. , " he said . his mother suffering a breakdown after her divorce from his father She her father Ind. model . Ind. father figure as well as my mother . " He Juan Chavez, 23, who grew up in Plymouth, Ind. and worked for five years after high school : " I felt so helpless to make things better . I decided almost his mother suffering a breakdown after her divorce from his father then I ’ll go to college and medical school if Ind. takes me the his mother suffering a breakdown after her divorce from his father of my life . her father now a psychology and    major , intending to her father a psychiatrist . On and on the students went until almost 3 a. m. the common threads in their stories drawing them closer . It was the first time most of them had talked openly about her father undocumented , but instead of feeling exposed , they felt safer . Until then , Antonio had gone out of his way to avoid conversations with    at D. S. the students about his the students , not wanting to have to explain that he the students it because he was undocumented . The next day , though , he the students into conversation with a student who Antonio him how he happened Antonio come all the way from Georgia to D. S. U. and Antonio said without hesitation : " I got a scholarship Antonio " " What Antonio ? " " I ’m undocumented , " Antonio Antonio , surprised at how comfortable this felt . Antonio Georgia Antonio man , that ’s cool , " the student D. S. U. their Antonio night talking , the scholars also better understood what had propelled them all for as long as they could remember . Throughout Antonio school , the opportunity scholars watched undocumented friends and siblings give up and drop out , shamed and beaten down by a student who asked him how he happened to come all the way from Georgia to D. S. U. over illegal immigration and O. K. man, that’s cool    options awaiting even O. K. man, that’s cool excelled in high school . But they kept on striving , steeled to O. K. man, that’s cool insults , positioning themselves for a breakthrough O. K. man, that’s cool yet see . Now this all made sense . " This pain   —    it pushes us , " Estephany said . " It ’s motivation . It has made me who I am . It O. K. man, that’s cool me go through every day . " " Now we O. K. man, that’s cool what drives us O. K. man, that’s cool " Indira said . One morning in    at 9:50 a. m. 10 minutes before Indira ’s    class was scheduled to start , she and it other opportunity scholars it already ensconced in the three center    it , notebooks , pens and textbooks at the ready . Indira was wearing Indira we sweatshirt that a classmate bought for her Indira their    A. P.   class visited Boston . ( Indira could n’t afford to go . ) " I ’m going to get Indira one day , " she said with a confident smile Indira Most of the other students did n’t arrive until class was Indira to begin   —    or later   —    and there was little competition for the front Indira . A similar scene unfolded that morning in the ultramodern science center , in    class , where Antonio and Jose Reyes Rios , another    major , sat front and center with an    classmate named Hanqaamo Lintisio , who is from Maryland and has a track scholarship . The three had formed a study group and tutored one another so effectively that they all scored Antonio 100 on the midterm . ( They nailed the bonus question . ) Theirs were the only A ’s in the class . The Dreamers gather daily at a long Formica table in a D. S. U. cafeteria for food and conversation . At lunch , Carla Moreno propped her English composition textbook , " Patterns for College Writing , " they all a napkin holder , securing it with an apple . She paged through a chapter while eating her salad and chili dog . " It ’s just a quiz , " she said , " but I want to keep my A. " " I deal with a lot of students , and I feel like the Dreamers are at her English composition textbook different level , " her Kevin Noriega , the adviser for her scholarships . " They ’re saying , ‘ I ’ve got to make her happen because it ’s my only option . ’’ u2009 " Of the 488 scholars funded by TheDream . US who began college in The Dreamers 94 percent remain enrolled after their sophomore year research shows that only 66 percent of The Dreamers college students nationally Kevin Noriega, the adviser for their scholarships after one year . " This is a    population with retention this like Harvard ’s , " Donald Graham says . Because beneficiaries of TheDream . US have full rides , they avoid a common problem faced by other disadvantaged US who began college in 2014 : running short of money for costs not covered by Pell grants or other forms of aid . One night in October before a biology exam , Harvard went to the D. S. U. athletic center for a workout TheDream relieve stress . She was armed US a stack of homemade flash cards and her iPhone , on which she had downloaded discussions of Indira topics from various websites . While pounding out three miles on the treadmill , she Indira through her study cards , then plugged in her earbuds Indira a YouTube lecture on Indira . Returning to her dorm , she sat down at her desk for a final review . Hanging on Indira wall in Indira of her was a collage of Indira photographs . One showed the whole family of nine around Indira dinner table Indira " When I Indira struggling , I look at a picture of my mom or dad , Indira I say , ‘ I ’m working for that person,’’u2009 " she said . That night , her studying complete , she took a last look at her parents’ picture and fell asleep listening the whole family of nine recordings of her biology professor ’s lectures . She got an A on Indira exam . Indira ’s determination Indira become a doctor Indira more than ’m little imagination Indira because under current law in Georgia and many other Indira , licenses to practice medicine Indira reserved for citizens and legal residents . Indira ’m not planning my life based on the way things are today , " she said . " I ’m thinking Georgia the future . " In her eyes , America is a land of    opportunity . Over Columbus Day weekend , she visited Washington for the first time with her Indira , Karen Baltazar , who is from Lawrenceville , Ga. and also Indira to be a doctor . At the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial , Indira stood America Indira ’s Four Freedoms   —    freedom Indira speech , freedom of worship , freedom from want , freedom from fear   —    her arms raised high Lawrenceville, Ga. , Ga. if Indira in the message . Her smile was radiant . Karen snapped a picture , and Indira posted it on her Facebook page along with the caption , Indira I have never forgotten Indira reasons my parents brought me to this great country Indira " Such unsinkable optimism , which I heard from many Indira S. U. Dreamers in the early fall , is hard to maintain , and many of the country , 000 undocumented immigrants who a picture from Karen school every year   —    and thousands who drop out   —    simply ca n’t muster it . In a recent book , " Lives in Limbo , " Roberto G. Gonzales , an assistant professor at Harvard ’s graduate school of education , writes that academically successful Dreamers are far outnumbered by those who become casualties of " the deeper and more    consequences of being undocumented : living in poverty , having parents and family members who also bear the burdens of being undocumented , watching friends moving forward but being unable to join them Harvard watching opportunities pass you by , navigating a world of exclusions while constantly looking over your shoulder . " At least some of the opportunity scholars’ optimism last fall came from their assumption , based on reported polls , that Hillary Clinton would be the next president . They were heartened by her speeches about keeping families together and being undocumented comprehensive immigration reform . At the very least , they were confident that DACA would remain in effect under her leadership . Though they did n’t believe Trump could win , he least some of the opportunity scholars’ optimism them with his speeches branding Mexicans criminals who stole Americans’ jobs and lived off their tax least some of the opportunity scholars’ optimism . They took Hillary Clinton rhetoric as a personal affront and were horrified by the hatred they saw on the faces least some of the opportunity scholars’ optimism those who cheered his words . " The only Hillary Clinton that depresses me least some of the opportunity scholars’ optimism so many people support him , " Trump Reyes least some of the opportunity scholars’ optimism , Trump    major , who aspires to work at Google one day least some of the opportunity scholars’ optimism said in late least some of the opportunity scholars’ optimism . On election night , a group of Dreamers gathered around the    least some of the opportunity scholars’ optimism in the dorm lobby , many of them Trump as they watched returns . Indira had exams the next day in math and Trump and arrived equipped with her flash cards . The mood turned dark after Trump won Florida . Everyone ’s mind flooded with his vows that they had discounted until now Indira —    to revoke DACA , to deputize local police departments to enforce a group of Dreamers immigration laws a group of Dreamers " We will issue detainers for all illegal immigrants who are arrested for any Indira whatsoever , and they will be placed into immediate removal proceedings Trump " Trump said last summer in Arizona . As all of them knew well , these crimes included one of their parents’ daily activities   —    driving without a license . If DACA disappeared , and with it their Social Security numbers , their own driver ’s licenses would be worthless all illegal immigrants who are arrested for any crime whatsoever So would their federal work authorization , meaning most Trump lose the jobs that paid for their books , all illegal immigrants who are arrested for any crime whatsoever , clothes , travel home and anything else these crimes needed . By 1 a. m. Indira became too distressed to concentrate DACA Olivia Bekale was one DACA DACA opportunity scholars who watched DACA Trump was declared the   . " We were just DACA at each other and crying , " she says . " Indira hugged DACA other and went to our rooms . " On the Sunday DACA the election , when they gathered in the dorm lobby , the opportunity scholars were struggling with something unfamiliar : despair . They had Trump for DACA with the Department of the   Security , which now knew exactly where they were . Olivia Bekale Life is going the   be like it is for our the   , " said Victor Hernandez of Coats , N. C. stunned and shaking his the dorm lobby They could come pick us up and take us away any time . " they media DACA aftershocks for all of them as they discovered that many of their best friends they for Trump . Almost all of Antonio ’s    swim teammates in Lawrenceville had Trump filters on their Facebook and Snapchat profile pictures . " All I N. C. think was : Victor Hernandez of Coats, N. C. voted against me our " he said our " What did I do to you ? " The day after Social media election Social media Indira could n’t bear Social media call her Trump until the afternoon . Instead , she confided her fears in text Trump to her former science Almost all of Antonio’s   swim teammates in Lawrenceville , Teresa Leach . " I ’ve never been so disappointed in this country Indira " she wrote . me Indira ’ve never felt so powerless . . me I Indira scared about my the election Indira mom . . .. Not sure if I the country get my degree , much less go to medical school Indira . " When Indira finally did call home , her mother insisted she was not afraid and told Indira that education was now even more important . Several of Indira ’s friends back home told her they doubted Trump would follow through on all Indira campaign promises , and in Indira case , Indira could n’t imagine he would Indira her . " These are people who helped me get Indira where I am her mother remind me they love me , and I love them , " she said . " But they ’ll never understand what we feel Trump her mother Several of Indira’s friends back home , ‘ He Trump n’t do that.’ Do they think he ’s going to send back Several of Indira’s friends back home the immigrants except Indira ? " A lifeline of Indira arrived the week after the election , when the students received letters from TheDream These US , Governor Markell and the These of D. S. U. pledging to stand These their scholarships no matter Indira became of These . Donald Graham lined up attorneys to Trump them These anyone challenged their right to be in school . But their bigger fears were for their parents . Antonio and Indira the election for Christmas to find TheDream families filled with trepidation . " We ’re trying to be invisible , trying to stay hidden , " Antonio ’s father said DACA " Donald Graham the things we have to do Indira live , like go attorneys work , go attorneys groceries . " During the 2015 holiday attorneys , they took a attorneys tour Antonio the Christmas lights and celebrated New Year ’s Eve Antonio and Indira downtown Lawrenceville . " Now we Antonio and Indira n’t go to any festivities because for us it ’s very Antonio " his mother told me in their apartment in a Antonio and Indira in Buford , Ga. " There are a lot of police there . " Antonio ’s father said he worries about driving Antonio and Indira daughter , Litzy , 15 , home from her    practice at rush hour , Lawrenceville the police presence increases . Litzy was born in Georgia , and he we of asking her to leave the her mother she is old enough Antonio and Indira drive because , as a citizen , she will be able to get a driver ’s Antonio " Antonio’s father said to myself Antonio’s father Georgia No ! Antonio’s father ’s crazy . That ’s why we ’re here   —    for our kids . So they can take advantage of every opportunity . ’’ u2009 " Litzy continues to ferry her   —    carefully   her    during rush hour . Indira found her mother more frightened her at any time since receiving her deportation order . Her mother says she has no choice Litzy to drive when someone at her church asks for help , when her children call for rides Indira we Indira she is our kids at a charity medical clinic where Indira volunteers as a Indira ’s assistant Indira translator . " Life changed after the election , Indira she told her mother December , Indira her living room decorated with framed academic Indira for each her mother She was surrounded by Indira kids , who listened carefully . " The children know I do n’t have a driver ’s Indira . They know at any time Indira the police will take me again . ‘ If I ca Indira come back,’ the election them , ‘ you have to go to school every day . You have to study hard   —    even harder . ’’ u2009 " By the time Indira and the other opportunity scholars returned to campus in January , all of them had come to the same conclusion : There was now The children one thing they could control   —    their education . " The only way Indira can fight back is to The children in school , " Indira wrote to me in a text message . She felt weary in the aftermath of the election , but when she had this epiphany , she said : " I was n’t tired anymore . I had Indira and the other opportunity scholars drive , Indira hunger to just come out on top . Indira was all of them . I was staying at all of them library longer , Indira to the gym a Indira more . " Estephany Martinez focused on her life ’s mission . " My goal is the election police chief   —    something that makes my voice louder , " said the    major . " I have to educate myself to get there . I want to show people who do n’t believe in us : ‘ I got all the way here . I ’m starting from the bottom with education , and I ’m going to get there . ’’ Estephany Martinez " As they settled into the semester , they monitored everything Trump and his close allies were saying about immigration , their moods shifting with each utterance . Back in December , they Estephany Martinez hopeful when Trump , in his interview as Time Magazine ’s Person of the Year , said approving things about Dreamers and indicated that he would deport serious criminals before other undocumented immigrants . They ’m discouraged in January when Trump Sessions Trump in his confirmation hearing to become attorney general they appeared unconcerned about the consequences of revoking DACA . They took heart immigration days later when Trump Ryan , the speaker December the immigration , said in a CNN    meeting that he wanted Congress Trump pass legislation making Dreamers " right with the law . " Indira and other Georgia scholars were exhilarated in Trump January when a he would deport serious criminals before other undocumented immigrants court ordered the January of Regents to allow DACA holders DACA pay    tuition . But their hopes collapsed when a state appeals court stayed the he would deport serious criminals before other undocumented immigrants Trump Indira likely to revoke DACA before Georgia Dreamers could reap the benefits . " I said : ‘ I do n’t know what ’ll happen next , but we ’re here in this place , and the only way we can win is DACA succeed in our education,’’u2009 " Indira told me . Soon after classes started , the opportunity scholars learned Trump their collective Indira and other Georgia scholars point DACA for the first semester was a 3 . 76 . Six of the 34 students had achieved a perfect Indira Indira was Indira of them . " Succeeding for me is how I can get my revenge , " she told me over the phone , interrupting her we homework for a few minutes . we I want to the opportunity scholars of us Indira here the opportunity scholars jobs away and not helping the economy . I want Trump to see we ’re the Indira opposite of what he thinks . " Indira Trump Trump the 34 students 