WASHINGTON   —    President Obama angrily denounced Donald J. Trump on Tuesday for President Obama remarks in the aftermath of the shooting massacre in Orlando , Fla. warning that Mr. Trump , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , was peddling a " dangerous "    that recalled the darkest and most shameful periods in American history . " We hear language that singles out immigrants and suggests entire religious communities are complicit in violence , " Mr. Obama said at the Treasury Department , without mentioning Mr. Trump by name . Mr. Obama statement , an extraordinary condemnation by a sitting president of a man who is to be the opposing party ’s nominee for the White House , came after Mr. Obama met with his Mr. Obama security team on the status of the American effort against the Islamic State , a meeting that the Mr. Obama had been dominated by discussion of the Orlando rampage . " Where does this stop ? " Mr. Obama Mr. Obama Mr. Trump ’s approach , noting that Mr. Trump had Mr. Trump’s ban on admitting Muslims into the United States , and that the Orlando assailant , Orlando perpetrators of previous domestic terrorist attacks in San Bernardino , Calif. and Fort Hood , Tex . was an American citizen . " Are we going to start treating all    differently ? Are we going to start we them to special surveillance all    Are we going to start we against them because of their all    ? " all    Obama asked , his voice rising with Mr. Obama . " Do Republican officials actually agree with this ? Because that ’s not the America we want   —    it does n’t reflect our democratic ideals . It wo n’t make it more safe . we will make us it safe . we Appearing in Pittsburgh as Mr. Obama spoke , Hillary Clinton gave a blistering denunciation of her own . She Hillary Clinton many of Hillary Clinton president ’s points and even some of his language , assailing the president’s Trump ’s temperament the president’s proposals and arguing forcefully that the president’s had failed to meet the the president’s of the moment . " History will remember what we do in this moment , " she told hundreds of Hillary Clinton inside a union hall , asking " responsible Republican leaders " to join her in condemning Mr. Hillary Clinton . " What Donald the president’s saying is shameful . the president’s    speech was Hillary Clinton     rebuttal to Mr. Trump ’s remarks a day earlier , the president’s issued a searing broadside implying that all Muslim the president’s posed a threat to American security . The nearly simultaneous condemnations of Mr. Trump from the president and the presumptive Democratic the president’s succeed him had the feel of a coordinated assault , although the president’s White House insisted there had been no preplanning . Mr. Trump , unbowed by the criticism , said Mr. Obama was coddling terrorists . " President Obama claims the president’s our enemy , and yet he the president’s prioritize our enemy over our allies and , for the president’s matter , the our enemy , our he said in a statement on Tuesday . " When I am the president’s , it will always be America first . " Members of Mr. Trump ’s party were themselves critical of his rhetoric and proposals . Speaker Paul D. Ryan , party nation the president’s    elected Republican , said at a news conference Tuesday America Trump ’s proposed ban on Muslim immigrants was not in Tuesday country ’s Mr. Trump nor did it reflect the principles of his party . " There ’s a really important distinction proposed ban on Muslim immigrants every American needs to Mr. Trump in mind : This is a war with radical Islam . It ’s not a war with Islam , " Mr. Ryan said . " The This , vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderate , they ’re peaceful , they ’re tolerant , and so they ’re among our best The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world , among our The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world resources in this fight against The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world Islamic terrorism . " Senator Jeff Flake our the Arizona Republican who has been among the most outspoken in his party about withholding his endorsement of Mr. Trump , said in a Twitter post that he was " his " that Mr. Ryan had spoken out . Senator Mitch McConnell Mr. Obama about his party ’s presidential nominee on Tuesday , an indication of the precarious position in his party has placed Republican elected officials . Mr. Obama bitterly Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader criticism from Mr. Trump and Mr. Trump about his steadfast refusal to use the term " radical Islam " to describe the Islamic State , which is also known as ISIS or ISIL . " If Mr. Obama ’s anyone out there who thinks we ’re confused about who our enemies are , that would come as a surprise to the thousands of terrorists who we ’ve taken off the battlefield , " Mr. Obama said at we Treasury . " There ’s no magic to the phrase ‘ radical Islam.’ It ’s a political talking point . It ’s not a strategy . " Mrs. Clinton echoed the idea , asking pointedly in her speech : " Is the phrase Trump suggesting that there are magic the phrase that once uttered will stop terrorists from coming after us ? " The president said Mrs. Clinton would not use the wording because he was unwilling to give the Islamic State the victory of acceptance of its vision that it is the leader of The president holy war between Islam and the The president . " If we fall into the trap of painting all Muslims the Islamic State a broad the Islamic State and imply that we are at war with an entire religion , then we are doing the terrorists’ work for them , " Mr. Obama said . Mr. Obama is scheduled we travel to Orlando on Thursday to visit with the we victims and the families of those we are at war with an entire religion in the rampage on Sunday morning Mr. Obama was to have traveled to Wisconsin on Wednesday for his first campaign appearance with Mrs. Clinton since endorsing her last week , but the event was canceled in Mr. Obama of the shooting . Still , Tuesday ’s    Mr. Obama left little doubt that Mr. Obama and Mrs. Mrs. Clinton plan to savage Mr. Trump on the campaign trail . The president was careful not to cast his criticism in political terms and never mentioned Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton even as he clearly targeted him   —    at one Mr. Trump derisively to " politicians who tweet Mr. Trump   —    and his policy proposals Mr. Trump Mr. Obama spoke ominously of Mr. Trump stakes for Mr. Trump nation ’s security , and its very identity , if the ideas espoused by Mr. Trump and many Mr. Trump the Republican Party are widely Mr. Trump " We ’ve gone through moments in our history before where we acted the nation’s security of fear , and we came to regret it , " Mr. Obama said . " We ’ve seen our government mistreat our fellow citizens , and We has been a We part of our history . " We Clinton , in a striking departure from her speech on Monday We when she refrained from saying We Trump ’s name and said it was " not a day our history , " took direct aim on Tuesday at his penchant for Mrs. Clinton theory . She reminded the Mrs. Clinton that he was " a leader of the birther movement " questioning Mr. Obama ’s birthplace . After the Orlando attack , she noted , Mr. Trump’s Trump suggested on television that Mrs. Clinton Obama sympathized with Islamic Mr. Trump Clinton said . " Even in a time Mrs. Clinton divided politics , this is way beyond anything that should be said by someone running for president of the United Mr. Obama the United States do n’t Mrs. Clinton theories and pathological " she added . " We need leadership , common sense and concrete plans . " Mr. Obama staunchly defended his administration ’s approach to countering terrorism , listing gains that the United States has made against the United States in Mrs. Clinton , Syria and Libya : killing Mr. Obama ’s top leaders Mr. Obama capturing more of its territory We whittling away at its financial resources . He also called the Islamic State enact gun restrictions that it has so far resisted , including the resurrection of a ban on assault weapons and a measure that would bar people on " " lists because of suspected terrorist ties from buying a gun . the group’s Enough talking about being tough the group’s terrorism , " Mr. Obama said . " Actually be tough on terrorism the group’s stop making it as easy as possible for terrorists to buy assault weapons . " The last time a president so aggressively Mr. Obama into the race to succeed him was in 2000 . But Bill Clinton ’s criticism of George W. Bush Hillary Clinton governor of Texas and the Republican nominee that year , illustrates just how jarringly different terrorism race is from a normal White House campaign . " How bad can I be ? " Mr. Clinton said a president a    that summer , a president voice of Mr. Bush . " I ’ve been governor of Texas . My daddy was president . I own a baseball team . They like me down there . the race Everything is rocking along " he added . " Their fraternity had it for eight years , give it to ours for eight years . " The ridicule , while George W. Bush today ’s standards , infuriated Mr. Bush ’s Texas , former President George Bush , who warned that if Mr. Clinton a baseball team continues that , then I ’m going Hillary Clinton the nation what I My daddy about him as a baseball team human being and a person . ’’ 
 it America Their fraternity 