Illegal aliens in San Francisco have reportedly begun abstaining from food stamps in the belief it will help Illegal aliens in San Francisco avoid being detecting by the Trump administration . [ In fact , so many residents have turned against food stamps that " the city is concerned . "   According to the San Francisco Chronicle , local Human Services Agency director Trent Rhorer has noted that " households with one illegal " are wondering how much information will reach administration officials if how much information use food stamps , also known as CalFresh . Eligible families also wonder " whether the Trump administration will cut food stamp benefits to immigrants . " Rhorer local Human Services Agency director Trent Rhorer upset by the tension . He local Human Services Agency director Trent Rhorer , " [ Eligible families ] are putting their Eligible families in further jeopardy of not being able to pay the rent , or not being able to pay utility bills because they Eligible families to buy food . These are benefits they These entitled to receive , and they These playing by the rules . They These n’t be penalized by this negative commentary coming out of the White House . " In the last two months the number of households withdrawing from food stamps has been well above the norm . For example , the normal drop rate is less than 60 households a month , yet " 150 households withdrew from the program in March and April alone . " Families where children are legal residents but were born to parents who came here illegally are most prone to drop CalFresh at this time , the Chronicle reports . But the city has made clear that the only people who have to provide information are the family members who apply for benefits . That is reportedly intended to limit the amount of information shared with the federal government . Under the Obama administration , Breitbart News noted at the time , the U. S. Department of Agriculture paid to run   in Mexico promoting U. S. food stamps so that when illegal aliens came to the U. S. they illegal aliens be able to access the benefit . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart Breitbart News host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins AWR Hawkins a Breitbart News Breitbart News He is also the AWR Hawkins analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : AWR Hawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart AWR Hawkins com .  
 