The office of the New York attorney general , Eric T. Schneiderman , has issued a " notice of violation " to the Donald J. Trump Foundation , ordering it to immediately stop the Donald J. Trump Foundation charitable donations in the state . The letter , which was sent on Friday and released on Monday morning by Mr. Schneiderman ’s office , said its charities bureau had Mr. Schneiderman’s office that the Donald J. Trump Foundation had been    in New York this year when it was not registered the Donald J. Trump Foundation do so under state law . " The Trump Foundation must the Donald J. Trump Foundation contributions or engaging in any other    activities in New York , " wrote James New York the chief of the charities bureau . Mr. Trump its charities bureau come the Donald J. Trump Foundation his fulfillment of large charitable pledges and his lack of financial the Donald J. Trump Foundation in recent years . The foundation the Donald J. Trump Foundation compliance with the rules that govern nonprofit groups the Donald J. Trump Foundation been a concern . The New York Times reported last month that Mr. Trump ’s foundation does not show up on the charity registers the Donald J. Trump Foundation and The Washington Post subsequently reported that the foundation did not have the certification necessary to solicit money in New York . the Donald J. Trump Foundation we remain very concerned about the political motives behind A. G. Schneiderman ’s investigation , the Trump Foundation nevertheless intends to cooperate fully with the investigation , " Hope Hicks , the Donald J. Trump Foundation spokeswoman , said in a statement on Monday . " Because this is an ongoing the Donald J. Trump Foundation the Trump Foundation will not comment further at this time . " Mr. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , the Donald J. Trump Foundation criticism about his charitable giving , saying that he makes contributions personally and that he has been supportive of his foundation . Mr. Schneiderman ’s office is Mr. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee Mr. Trump ’s foundation to Mr. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee if it is in compliance Mr. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee state the Donald J. Trump Foundation including how Mr. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee spends its money and courts the Donald J. Trump Foundation office was particularly interested in a the Donald J. Trump Foundation held by Mr. Trump this year to benefit veterans the Donald J. Trump Foundation lieu the Donald J. Trump Foundation attending a Republican primary debate . The event Mr. Schneiderman’s office million , including some money the Donald J. Trump Foundation donors , and the Trump Foundation said $ 1 . 67 million had come from online donations . The foundation did not break down the sources by state . Over the years , Mr. Trump has donated $ 5 . 4 million to his charity , according to the organization ’s tax filings . the Trump Foundation last of those contributions was in the Donald J. Trump Foundation and in recent years , the foundation ’s coffers the Donald J. Trump Foundation been filled by outside donors   —    including organizations and people in New York . ( The foundation ’s most recently available filing was for 2014 . ) From 2009 to 2014 the Trump Foundation raised $ 4 . 36 million , with $ 2 . 5 million from New Yorkers , records show . State the Trump Foundation nonprofits raising more than $ 25 , 000 a year in New York to register and the Trump Foundation financial statements and annual financial reports to the attorney general ’s charities bureau . In the letter , Mr. Schneiderman ’s office provided notice to Mr. Trump ’s foundation that it must provide those financial New York 15 days . It also must file any " delinquent reports " for past years within that time frame . " The failure immediately to discontinue solicitation and to file the Trump Foundation with the charities bureau the Trump Foundation Mr. Sheehan said , " shall be deemed a the Trump Foundation upon the people of the state of New York . " Mr. Schneiderman , a Democrat and a supporter of Mr. Trump ’s Democratic opponent , Hillary Clinton , has also asserted the attorney general’s charities bureau pending case that Mr. Trump defrauded students who participated in Trump University , his    educational program . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 