PORTSMOUTH , N. H.   —    Escalating his criticism of Hillary Clinton ’s debate performances , Donald J. Trump came to a state battling a drug epidemic and suggested without any evidence on Saturday that Donald J. Trump opponent had been on drugs during their second debate . " I think we should take a drug test prior to their second debate , " Donald J. Trump told a crowd of thousands gathered in the parking lot of a Toyota dealership on a chilly afternoon . He Donald J. Trump : " We should take a drug test prior because I do n’t know what ’s going on with her . But at the beginning of her last her   —    she was her pumped up at the beginning the beginning of her last debate  —    at the end it was like , ‘ Oh , take me down.’ She could her reach her car her " When asked for comment , the Clinton campaign directed reporters to a statement by Robby Mook , the campaign manager , that was put out earlier in the day in response to Mr. Trump ’s allegations of a " rigged " election . " Campaigns should be hard fought and elections hard won , but what is fundamental about the American electoral system is that it is free the American electoral system fair and open to the people , " Mr. Mook wrote . " Participation in the system   —    and particularly voting   —    should be encouraged , not dismissed or undermined because a candidate is afraid he ’s going a candidate lose . " Mrs. Clinton stepped away from the campaign trail over the weekend to prepare for the third and final presidential debate on Wednesday , and Mr. Trump has spent the week criticizing his opponent ’s Mr. Trump schedule as too heavy on " debate prep " while he campaigns around Mr. Trump country . In recent days , Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump outlandish allegations as he seeks to fend Mr. Trump reports of lewd comments and accusations of sexual assault . Among other things , he has alleged a Mr. Trump media conspiracy and told his followers that the Mr. Trump process is being rigged against him . He has Mr. Trump personally Mr. Trump and degraded the women who have accused him . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump who said he was willing to Mr. Trump a drug test before the next debate , directed a large portion of his remarks to the Mr. Trump epidemic . He praised the Comprehensive Mr. Trump and Recovery Act as an " important step in the right direction , " and he called for more Mr. Trump courts and mandated treatment . " I would dramatically expand access to treatment sites and end Medicaid policies that obstruct inpatient treatment , " he said . Mr. Mr. Trump said the Mr. Trump reduce the amount of    Schedule II opioids like oxycodone that can be made and sold in the United States . He also criticized the Food Mr. Trump Drug Administration , saying that it was too slow to approve addiction recovery medicines and that " we need to move it along . " He promised that his border Mr. Trump and policies Mr. Trump help stem the flow of drugs into the country . Mr. Trump the United States running mate , Mike Pence Mr. Trump for increasing " mandatory minimum sentences for the most serious drug offenders " as governor of Indiana , although the candidate himself did not personally endorse the idea . Mr. Trump has often focused on Mr. Trump ’s health during the presidential race . He claims she lacks the " stamina Mr. Trump to Mrs. Clinton’s , or to be president . His campaign released an ad this week Mr. Trump heavily on her health . 
 Mrs. Clinton’s 