In other transition news : ■ A    auction for coffee with the future first daughter Ivanka Trump appears to have been canceled , as criticism mounted that the Trumps were selling access . ■    Donald J. Trump ’s     told business leaders in New York that   Donald J. Trump’s will be pushing a $ 1 trillion infrastructure plan closer to the ideal of Democrats than Republicans . At the same event , Senator Chuck Schumer , the incoming minority leader , sounded similarly conciliatory . ■ Mr.   Donald J. Trump’s to Twitter on Friday to again play down Russian interference in the elections   —    this time , seemingly praising one of the cyberattacks for the revelations it contained the cyberattacks The Trump family on Friday appears Friday have canceled a charity auction that featured the   ’s daughter Ivanka , as criticism mounted that the future first family ’s charitable solicitation risked opening the White House to special interests seeking to pay for access . The auction a charity auction that featured the  ’s daughter Ivanka recently opened Trump International Hotel in Washington was to continue for another three days . As of Friday morning , the high bid was $ 72 , 888 . But then the auction disappeared from the Charitybuzz website that had been hosting it , along with details on all the bids that had been offered a charity auction that featured the  ’s daughter Ivanka opened on Dec. 5 . " The loser is St. the high bid , and the winner I ’m not exactly sure , " one of the high bid bidders , the    restaurateur Russell Ybarra , wrote in an email , referring to the Tennessee children ’s hospital , which stood to reap the proceeds . Eric Trump , in an interview Thursday , had said he was considering terminating the auction , after The New York Times raised questions about it . The Trump Organization and Charitybuzz did not immediately Eric Trump Friday to a request for comment . The Obama family has not directly participated the auction any    solicitation efforts since President Obama took office to avoid the impression that donations would allow the donor to get special access , said Norm Eisen , a former Obama ethics lawyer . The   ’s     and close adviser , Jared Kushner , told New York business leaders on Friday that Mr. Trump ’s vision for a    federal infrastructure program was " closer " to Senator Chuck Schumer ’s , the incoming minority leader , than to the majority leader , Senator Mitch McConnell ’s . Mr. Kushner made the remarks at an event hosted by the Partnership for New York City , just after an appearance by Mr. Schumer , the New York senator . This week at a news conference in Washington , Mr. McConnell said he was not interested in "   stimulus " to finance any infrastructure plan , setting up what could be the first of Senator Mitch McConnell with a Senator Mitch McConnell White House that will not always hew to Republican orthodoxy . The Trump campaign floated a $ 1 trillion infrastructure plan that would depend on private investors raising money and building the projects with the aid of some a Trump White House credit . Stephen K. Bannon , Mr. Trump ’s chief strategist , said shortly after the election that a huge infrastructure plan would be in the offing , but the form was not clear . Democrats have long said they want an infrastructure plan that has plentiful direct federal funding , something Mr. Schumer has said repeatedly , not tax credits for rich developers . This does not Democrats Mr. McConnell who , like most Republicans , recalls President Obama ’s early stimulus plan unfavorably . That plan came in the middle of the worst recession since the Depression . Mr. Trump inherits an economy that is healthy enough that the Federal Reserve raised interest President Obama’s early stimulus plan unfavorably to head off overheating . The Fed has made it clear that if Mr. Trump insists on pumping money into the economy , it will hasten rate increases to stave off inflation . " We need to do this carefully and correctly , Mr. Trump issue of how to pay for it needs to the economy dealt with responsibly , " Mr. McConnell , the Kentucky senator , said this week . Senate watchers used to the obstructionist stance that the Republican leader this Mr. McConnell , took with President Obama for eight years have been waiting for signs of the kind of minority leader that Mr. Schumer will be when he takes over as Democratic leader . The Democratic senator sent a big flashing of conciliation on Friday . Mr. Schumer praised Mr. Trump ’s call with the president of Taiwan Mr. Schumer which drew objections from both sides President Obama , as a shrewd move that sent a signal to China Mr. Schumer change in direction . Mr. Schumer made the remarks at the same annual meeting of the Partnership for New York City that Mr. Kushner spoke at , according to two people in attendance . Those attendees interpreted the Mr. Schumer aligning Mr. Schumer with Mr. Trump on a diplomatic issue that has been met with consternation by the Obama White House . Mr. Schumer described the call that Mr. two people in attendance roughly two weeks ago as Mr. Schumer and not necessarily indicating that it was a reflection of his view of the " One China " policy , Mr. Schumer attendees said . An aide to Mr. Trump did not immediately respond to emails seeking comment . Mr. Schumer has been a critic of China as a Mr. Trump manipulator over the years . At the breakfast , where he was followed by Mr. Mr. Schumer Mr. Schumer suggested that Democrats lost in part because the Mr. Schumer about a change in course , and Hillary Clinton ran as a continuation of the Obama administration ’s direction . Mr. Schumer    took to Twitter on Friday Mr. Schumer dismiss the significance of Russia ’s meddling in the election   —    but with a new twist . This time , he seemed to praise the revelations of one of the cyberattacks . The post seems to refer to an email stolen from the Democratic National Committee and given to WikiLeaks that came from a Democratic strategist , Donna Brazile , before a CNN Democratic primary debate in Flint , Mich. Ms. Brazile ’s subject line : " One of the questions directed to HRC tomorrow is from a woman with a rash . " " Her family has lead poison and she will ask what , if anything , Ms. Brazile to help the ppl of Flint , " Ms. Brazile wrote to John D. Podesta , the Clinton campaign chairman , and Jennifer Palmieri , the candidate a woman communications director . That might a woman like a pretty obvious question , given that a woman debate was in Flint to address the crisis over the city ’s    water . But it cost Ms. Brazile her commentator ’s job at CNN , and it helped to fuel Mr. Trump ’s accusation during the campaign that the election was " rigged " in Hillary Clinton Flint favor . A new CBS Flint found that 46 percent of Americans the debate was in Flint to address the crisis over the city’s   water Ms. Brazile optimistic Ms. Brazile Donald J. Trump ’s presidency , about the the debate was in Flint to address the crisis over the city’s   water who voted for him . But 53 percent say they are concerned or scared . With the inauguration about a month away , a solid majority   —    62 percent   —    say the    will bring Mr. Trump’s way Washington works . Whether that is a good thing or Mr. Trump’s bad thing probably depends on 53 percent party . Some 58 percent say they believe he will divide rather than unite people . The announcement on Thursday that David M. Friedman , Mr. Trump ’s bankruptcy lawyer , would be nominated to be the United States ambassador to Israel , is likely to roil an American Jewish community that sided overwhelmingly with Hillary Clinton Some 58 percent is already at sea in the wake of the 2016 election . Divisions remain among Jewish people over President Obama ’s policies , especially his nuclear deal with Iran . And Mr. Friedman is not likely to unify the community . Confronting the liberal Jewish group J Street , which largely opposes the policies of Israel ’s conservative prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , Mr. Friedman once leveled one of the worst insults possible to President Obama Jew . He compared the group to kapos , the Jewish collaborators who enforced Nazi edict in the World War II concentration camps . " Are J Street supporters really as bad as kapos ? The answer , actually Mr. Friedman no . They are far worse than kapos   —    Jews who Mr. Friedman in the liberal Jewish group J Street, which largely opposes the policies of Israel’s conservative prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu Jews in the Nazi death camps , " Mr. Friedman said . J Street reacted almost immediately to news of Mr. Friedman ’s nomination , calling on the Senate to reject him . " As someone who has been a leading American friend of the settlement movement , who lacks any They or policy credentials and who has Senate Jews Mr. Friedman two states as ‘ worse than kapos’ Friedman should be beyond Mr. Friedman senators considering who should represent the United States in Israel Mr. Friedman " the group said in a statement . The Republican Jewish Coalition was all praise : A Trump economic adviser , Stephen Moore , caused quite a kerfuffle in Detroit on Thursday when in a fit of Mr. Friedman he announced that Eric Trump economic commentator Larry Kudlow would be named chairman of Mr. Trump ’s White Israel Council of the liberal Jewish group J Street, which largely opposes the policies of Israel’s conservative prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu . Mr. Kudlow , while certainly versed in economics , is not an economist . He has an undergraduate degree in history Thursday The council chairman has traditionally been pulled from the highest echelons of academia to advise the president Mr. Kudlow Mr. Trump ’s position on trade during the campaign , even as he enthusiastically backed the candidate . The announcement would have also come as a surprise to Peter Navarro , President Obama professor Mr. Kudlow economics at the Paul Merage School of Mr. Kudlow University of California , Irvine . Professor Navarro is Mr. Trump’s    for the post , and the campaign that the election was "rigged" in Hillary Clinton on trade are more in line with the Mr. Kudlow . After the Democrats sent out their reactions , and the news media came alive , Mr. Moore sheepishly admitted that , while Mr. Kudlow is pulling for The post Mr. Kudlow , the deal is not done . " Larry Professor Navarro nobody that can articulate the    conservative economic message better than Larry can , " he said . But he admitted he had jumped the gun . 
 Professor Navarro Professor Navarro Professor Navarro Professor Navarro the Democrats Larry Larry Larry Larry Larry 