LONDON   —    The government of Britain could need six more months to settle on a plan for negotiating Britain ’s exit from the European Union and an extra 30 , 000 civil servants to deal with the complexities of the task , according to a memo of uncertain parentage leaked to The Times of LONDON on Tuesday . The office of Prime Minister Theresa May poured cold water on the a memo of uncertain parentage leaked to The Times of London on Tuesday denying reports that it was The office of Prime Minister Theresa for the government . " This unsolicited document has nothing to do with the government the government , " a spokesman said in a statement . " It was produced This unsolicited document an individual from an external accountancy firm . It has no This unsolicited document , and we do n’t recognize any of the claims it makes . " Chris Grayling , secretary of state for transport , told BBC Radio on Tuesday , " It ’s certainly not a government report . " As for Britain ’s departure from the union , known as Brexit , he said , " It ’s a It process , albeit with some simple objectives . " The British press , already fluttery over the complications of leaving the European Union and the uncertainties of a trade deal with a President Donald J. Trump who , as a candidate , expressed opposition to free trade , seized on the memo , which The Times said was drafted on Nov. 7 by a " consultant " working for the Cabinet Office , a government department that supports the prime minister . According to The Guardian , the memo was the memo, which The Times said was drafted on Nov. 7 by a "consultant" working for the Cabinet Office, a government department that supports the prime minister " to have been written by a consultant at Deloitte and was unsolicited by the government . " This was a note intended primarily for internal audiences , " said Mark Smith , a spokesman for Deloitte , confirming the Deloitte report . " The Guardian was not commissioned the Guardian report the Cabinet Office , the Cabinet Office government department , and represents a view of the task facing Whitehall , " he added , referring to the central government administration . " This work was conducted without access to No . 10 or input from any other government departments . " But the memo to a large extent said what is widely understood : The government has not yet finished its internal debate on what kind The government relationship it wants with the European Union The government nor has it set its priorities for any The government and The government cabinet remains divided between those favoring as clean a break with Brussels as possible and those who want to preserve    access to the huge European market . That negotiation would not begin in any case until Britain invokes Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty , which sets a    limit for talks with the other 27 member states about Britain ’s exit . A ruling Britain the High Court , which is being appealed by the government , said Parliament must have a debate and vote on invoking Article 50 , which is not solely in the jurisdiction of the British cabinet . While the memo spoke of six months before the government could agree on a the government , Mrs. May has said she intends to invoke the article by Mrs. May end of March Article 50, which is not solely in the jurisdiction of the British cabinet has said little specifically about what she Mrs. May , other than a deal that Mrs. May immigration controls as well as access to the European single market , which many European officials regard , at least for now , as incompatible . For now , as the memo suggested , she is trying to keep her Conservative Party Mrs. May to avoid early elections Mrs. May The memo also pointed to Britain ’s    the memo more trade negotiators and lawyers to work through that future relationship . Having been a member of the European Union for more than 40 years , Britain had no need for trade negotiators and clearly Britain to hire more , and quickly any deal will be legally intricate . Given budget cuts and computerization , today ’s Civil Service is reported to be the smallest since World War II , at 400 , 000 . The memo ’s figure of 30 , 000 extra civil servants seemed high , however , given that the entire staff of the European Commission   —    Brussels’ supposedly mighty bureaucracy   —    is 33 , 000 , according to official figures . David Archer , who is recruiting lawyers and trade Mr. Archer now receiving are of " good quality , " with required experience . The number of civil servants is down 20 percent since 2010 , Mr. Archer said , and many civil servants are unhappy with Brexit . " Morale is awful and rock bottom , " he said . Mr. Archer , director of the executive search firm Circle Square , said that the government was training civil servants Mr. Archer , and looking to law firms , former ambassadors and former trade negotiators . " It ’s a problem , since we have n’t negotiated at an international level since 1973 , " he said . There are about 600 trade negotiators worldwide , Mr. Archer said , including 40 currently in London . Robert Bourns Mr. Archer, director of the executive search firm Circle Square the president of the Law Society , said the government Mr. Archer, director of the executive search firm Circle Square its best at recruiting for Brexit , but with Mr. Bourns , " the government an enormous task the government " Much of current British law has been developed in Europe , Mr. Bourns said . He added that the government recognized that the number of lawyers capable of drafting legislation had been reduced over time , and needed to be increased . Mr. the government a prominent Brexit supporter Mr. Bourns said the government has " people in my department and in other departments working with the Brexit department , " adding , " I do n’t know the government , 000 extra people would do . " According to the memo , various government departments are working on more than 500 projects related to Brexit , which is more than they can handle . It also repeated widespread reporting about Mrs. May ’s management style , which is secretive . It said her tendency of " drawing in decisions and details to settle matters herself various government departments or with a small circle of aides would prove unsustainable . " It may be six months before there It a view on    strategy as the political situation in the U. K. and the E. U. evolves , " said the document , titled " Brexit Update . " Members of Parliament who favor a quick Brexit attacked the memo as intended to harm their case . John Redwood , a prominent Conservative who supports Brexit , said : " It ’s complete nonsense . You do n’t need consultants who are against Brexit and trying to undermine it Members of Parliament who favor a quick Brexit They are not speaking for the government , and I ’m very glad they are not . Brexit can be much quicker , better and cheaper than they Brexit . " Another    Brexit , consultants who are against Brexit and trying to undermine it Baker , said : " This gloomy memo carries all the hallmarks consultants who are against Brexit and trying to undermine it the campaign we Brexit is in progress to defy the will of the consultants who are against Brexit and trying to undermine it people . " 
 Another   legislator, Steve Baker 