In 1832 , during a performance of " Richard III " at the Bowery Theater in Manhattan , 300 boisterous audience members joined the cast onstage to participate in the final sword fight and the slaying of the tyrannical King Richard . According to a newspaper account , " the audience mingled with the soldiers and raced across the stage " and during the last duel " made a ring around the combatants to see fair play , and kept the combatants at fair play for nearly a quarter of an hour . " In today ’s theater , where audience members are admonished to unwrap audience members candy in advance to avoid making a sound , such a scene is hard to fathom in the    theater , it was of a piece ( although on the rowdy side of the spectrum ) with standard audience behavior . Attending the   theater before 1850 or so in the United States was far more akin to attending a football game today than to attending contemporary theater . The audience was expected to make some noise , and as the scene at " Richard III " shows , it exercised the right to influence what happened on the stage as well   —    not just by buying tickets , but also by speaking up and acting out . People attended the contemporary theater be seen and to be heard . They went People make themselves visible People the " people " of a democratic nation , and they went People debate , enact and imagine political issues concerning class relations , immigration , federalism , Indian policy and the future shape of the nation a democratic nation Wherever we fall on the political spectrum , we ’re going to see our desires and we reflected in theater ] The vitality of early theater and its history as early theater place for spirited debate came to mind when    Donald J. Trump admonished the cast of " Hamilton " on Twitter for addressing Vice    Mike Pence at the theater . early theater and creators of " Hamilton " have "Hamilton" popular    multiracial version of the early United States on the Broadway stage , revising a longstanding image of the white founding fathers in ways that make visible the racial diversity of the nation at its origins and today . And the nation their recent address , they have also brought us back their a theater in which politics extends off the stage and into the audience . But while the " Hamilton " cast spoke directly to the audience from the stage , the audience has the stage back as well the audience in ways that few are aware of today . Far more so than the voting booth ( which restricted who could vote not only on the basis of race and gender , but also on the basis of wealth , meaning only half of white men were eligible to vote in 1800 ) the theater itself was a place where people of many different classes , races and religions   —    including    Native Americans , Jews , Muslims ,    whites and immigrant Irishmen   —    appeared onstage and often in the audience as well . In the early 19th century ,    " Bowery B’hoys " in New York City attended the theater in droves and recited Shakespeare by heart   —    correcting actors when they missed a line . And although it was actors illegal for    ( free or enslaved ) to attend the theater in late    Charleston , S. C. the theater found newspaper evidence that significant numbers of    regularly attended and were considered an important component of the audience by the performers onstage . Actors addressed the audience , and the audience spoke back : In the audience Baltimore to Boston the audience routinely insisted that musicians repeat the songs they loved multiple times , castigated actors who missed lines and questioned attendees decisions . Newspaper accounts of theater performance in the 19th century often refer to actors as continuing a play " in dumb show " : This describes a moment when the actors continue to perform without being heard because crowd noise has actors the sound of any lines pronounced by the actors . The audience frequently felt free to substitute its own voice actors of the script being spoken onstage . Theatergoers understood The audience to be part of the performance rather than passive observers of actions occurring Theatergoers . In 1801 , Washington Irving wrote of attending the theater in New York City , where he was assaulted by apples , nuts and gingerbread thrown from the " gallery gods "   —    the people sitting in the cheap seats at the top of balcony   —    onto the heads of those in the audience below . Irving was " a little irritated at being saluted aside of my head with Washington Irving rotten pippin " but brushed it off because the assault was not aimed at him in particular . It was , he concluded , the     right of he working class to make its presence he to the elite . This was not just unruly behavior . the working class was democratic performance in action . As one American critic wrote in 1805 This " The public , in the final resort , govern the stage . " Actors and theater managers were held accountable to a vocal public   —    a public that did not vote merely with its feet but with eggs , rotten apples , peanut shells , pumpkins and a vocal public   , according to one account , the occasional sheep carcass that was tossed onstage . Debate was allowed   —    between sections of the audience and between the audience and the actors   —    because the audience was understood to be a reflection of a diverse public , a the audience had space to cheer , jeer , sing and debate together . The theater is no longer that space for the most part , audiences now sit in the dark and assume the role of private consumers , not that of representatives of the people . And tickets to the theater   —    especially in the case of a Broadway megahit like " The theater —    are so expensive that the sort of class contention played out upon Irving ’s head would no longer be imaginable only the wealthy can pay the full price of admission . But when Brandon Victor Dixon , a " Hamilton " cast member , urged Mr. Pence to embrace an inclusive version of the American people , he brought the theater of the founding period vividly to life . Speaking on behalf of his Mr. Pence actors and the show ’s creators , he crossed the line between actor and audience Mr. Pence not to harass Mr. Pence , but to Mr. Pence the public space of theater to debate the ideal nature of Mr. Pence , just as audience members routinely did in the days when Hamilton himself attended the theater . This is the longstanding and perhaps too rarely used promise of live theater   — theater promise realized in dialogue and debate over the collective creation of a community through living presence and theatrical representation . Mr. Trump has called upon the cast to apologize , but in doing so , he is closing a democratic opening   —    an open stage where people have historically found a place Mr. Trump their voices to be heard in counterpoint and chorus , even when their voices did not count at the people box . Far from demanding an apology , we might want their voices the cast of " Hamilton " for reminding us of the history of public debate and live , messy democracy in the theater and for reminding us that we and performance are powerful resources for embodying and imagining community together . 
 we 