The Patriot News Agency website popped up in July , soon after The Patriot News Agency website became clear that Donald J. Trump would win the Republican presidential nomination , bearing a logo of a red , white and blue eagle and the motto " Built by patriots , for patriots . " Tucked away on a corner of the site , next to links for Twitter and YouTube , is a link to another social media platform that most Americans have never heard of : VKontakte , the Russian equivalent of Facebook . It is a clue that Patriot News , like many sites that appeared out of nowhere and pumped out    hoaxes tying his opponent Hillary Clinton to Satanism , pedophilia and other conspiracies , is actually run by foreigners based overseas . But while most of those others seem be the work of young , apolitical opportunists cashing in on a conservative appetite for viral nonsense , operators of Patriot News had an explicitly partisan motivation : getting Mr. Trump elected . Patriot Patriot News —    whose postings were viewed and shared tens of thousands of times in the United States   —    is among a constellation of websites run out of the United Kingdom that are linked to James Dowson , a    political activist who advocated Britain ’s exit from the European Union and is a fan of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia . A vocal proponent of Christian nationalist ,    movements in Europe , Mr. Dowson , 52 , has spoken at a conference of    leaders in Russia and Russia no secret of his hope President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia Mr. Trump will usher in an era of rapprochement with Mr. Putin . His dabbling Mr. Putin the American presidential election adds an ideological element that has been largely missing from the    landscape of websites and Facebook pages that bombarded American voters with misinformation and propaganda . Far from the    Macedonian teenagers running fake news factories solely for profit , Mr. Dowson made it his Mr. Dowson Mr. Dowson according to messages posted on one of his sites Mr. Dowson to " spread devastating      memes and sound bites into sections of the population too disillusioned with politics to have taken any notice of conventional campaigning . " " Together , people like us helped change the course of history , " one message said , adding in another : " Every single one of you who forwarded even just one of our posts us social media contributed to the stunning victory for Trump , America and God . " In a recent email interview from Belgrade , where he has Mr. Dowson with Serbian nationalists , Mr. Dowson explained how his decision Mr. Dowson establish an American social media presence was similar to the move into European markets by Breitbart News , the conservative provocateur media operation run by Stephen K. Bannon , Mr. Trump ’s chief strategist . " Simple truth is that after 40 years of the right having no voice because the media was owned by the enemy , we were FORCED to become incredibly good at alternative media in a way the left simply ca n’t grasp or handle , " Mr. Dowson said . " Bottom line is : BREXIT , TRUMP and much more to follow . " While it is easy to overstate the influence of fringe elements whose overall numbers remain very small , the explosion of fake news and propaganda sites and their possible news and propaganda on the presidential election have ignited alarm across the American political spectrum . A recent study found that most people who read fabricated stories on Facebook   —    such as a widely circulated hoax about Pope Francis endorsing Mr. Trump   —    were inclined to believe them . most people who read fabricated stories on Facebook  —   such as a widely circulated hoax about Pope Francis endorsing Mr. Trump  —    there is the added element of Russian meddling . The Central Intelligence Agency has concluded that Moscow put its thumb The Central Intelligence Agency the scale for Mr. Trump Mr. Trump   release of hacked Democratic emails , which provided fodder for many of the most pernicious false attacks on Mrs. Clinton on social media . Some of those attacks found a home on Russian websites such as the one for Katehon , a    Christian think tank aligned with Mr. Putin . Katehon recirculated    conspiracies under headlines like " Bloody Hillary : 5 Mysterious Murders Linked to Clinton . " Another Russian site that Russian support for Mr. Trump , called " Just Trump It , " is linked to the International Russian Conservative Forum Russian an annual gathering of    leaders in St. Petersburg that has featured Mr. Dowson , among others , as a speaker . The site , which seems mostly aimed at selling Trump    was Mr. Trump an individual at a Russian company that Russian a logo used to certify that merchandise was not made with migrant labor . Some analysts see danger signs in the nexus of Russian interests and Russian agitators in Europe and the United States . Social media can amplify even the most obscure voices , giving them a stage from Social media to broadcast a distorted message to credulous audiences . " These messages seep into the mainstream , " said Alina Polyakova , a Ms. Polyakova have been extreme or fringe at one point in time , but they have been incredibly influential in shaping Ms. Polyakova ’s views about key geopolitical events in a very specific direction . " Ms. Polyakova is particularly adept at playing this game , Ms. Polyakova said . " Moscow specifically encourages and facilitates " the spreading of propaganda through proxies , she said , as well as through events like the Russian conservative forum , which showcases views and narratives favored by Ms. Polyakova Putin government . At the inaugural forum in March 2015 , Mr. Dowson praised Mr. Putin as a strong defender Russia , while belittling President Obama and the United States itself as " feminized men . " In the email interview , Mr. Dowson said he was not supported by Russia in any way , and he accused critics of trying to tar conservatives as Mr. Dowson Moscow . Mr. Dowson I look on Russia rebirth of      hysteria by the Mr. Dowson as a hilarious reaction born out of the left ’s inability to realize THEY elected Trump , not me , not the Russians , not even the right , " he said via email . A colorful if somewhat enigmatic figure in Britain   —    The Times of London recently described him as Mr. Dowson the invisible man of Britain ’s far right "   —    Mr. Dowson , at first blush , would not A colorful if somewhat enigmatic figure in Britain  —    an obvious mouthpiece for Russia . Britain a church minister in Northern Ireland and the father of nine , he became involved in    campaigns , joined the British National Party in the    and , later , founded Britain First , a A colorful if somewhat enigmatic figure in Britain  —       group opposed to what it called a creeping Islamic threat to traditional British values . He publicly split Britain the group in 2014 after some of its leaders the British National Party invading mosques and threatening Muslims , which he criticized as A colorful if somewhat enigmatic figure in Britain  —    and counterproductive . While involved with Britain First , Mr. the group made deft use of social media and websites to A colorful if somewhat enigmatic figure in Britain  —    its work and convey the impression of a mass following . A British watchdog group called Hope Not Hate , which has tracked Mr. Mr. Dowson ’s online activities , concluded that he has " a rather canny knack for building up protest groups and movements on the Mr. Dowson it was your Christian duty to follow Mr. Dowson work . " Mr. Dowson claims to have reached millions of Americans across all of his online platforms in the    to the November Mr. Dowson election , a Mr. Dowson could not be verified , in part , because he would Mr. Dowson confirm all of his sites . Online visits to Patriot News did not come close to that , although when combined with several Mr. Dowson sites that appear to be Mr. Dowson to Mr. Dowson , the total number edges above a million most viewers were in Britain . Whatever the precise numbers , there is little question that postings on the sites and Facebook pages linked to him were viewed and shared hundreds of thousands of times . Many of the postings appear to be lifted from other conspiracy websites , repackaged and Mr. Dowson back into the social media maelstrom . Another site that trafficked heavily in    news was run by Knights Templar International , a militant religious group that Mr. Dowson is involved in , which has recently supported    militias patrolling Patriot News areas in Bulgaria and Hungary . For Mr. Dowson , such activities Mr. Dowson keeping with his philosophy that traditional Christian values are under siege because of feckless leadership by America and European powers Mr. Dowson success of Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump   , is Mr. Dowson logical result of voters’ rejection of the weakness of global elites . Mr. Dowson has long been optimistic about the effectiveness of social media Mr. Dowson During the 2015 conservative forum in Russia , Russia spoke presciently about the looming online battle Mr. Dowson attention of American voters . " We have the ability to take a video from today and put it in Mr. Dowson of every single household in the United States of America , where these people can for the first time learn the truth , because their own media a video lies , they tell lies about Russia , Russia Mr. Dowson America then . " We have to use popular culture to reach into the living these people of the youth of America these people of Britain , France , Germany Mr. Dowson bring them in , " he said . " Then we can get them the message . " 
 Mr. Dowson Britain America them 