Each week , Nate Cohn , The Upshot ’s elections analyst , and Toni Monkovic , an Upshot editor , will discuss the 2016 race and post a lightly edited transcript of Nate Cohn, The Upshot’s elections analyst, and Toni Monkovic, an Upshot editor written exchange . In trying to stop Donald Trump , Republicans could not turn to Republicans superdelegates   —    because Republicans did n’t exist . That may be the best argument for Democrats to keep such a body , and yet superdelegates have never seemed in so much danger . Bernie Sanders says Bernie Sanders will campaign to win over superdelegates , despite superdelegates verdict against Bernie Sanders on Monday night , then hopes to eliminate superdelegates in future elections . But first up in this week ’s conversation , the big news from Monday : Hillary Clinton , with the help of those superdelegates , was declared the presumptive Democratic nominee . Toni According to your article late tonight ( Monday ) the Clinton team did n’t seem to want to have the clinching occur with the help of superdelegates . the Clinton team would have preferred to win with votes in Tuesday ’s elections . Nate Yeah , it ’s hard to think of many worse ways for Clinton to get here . Here ’s this historic moment   —    the first woman to win a major party nomination   —    and it catches everyone by surprise , and they everyone to downplay it it It it into the notion that the whole thing is rigged . Toni Bernie Sanders is going to feel enormous pressure to end this race . But a victory in California and maybe a few other states would be the ultimate rejoinder . It it still possible . Besides California California he Toni Bernie Sanders easily win in North Dakota and South Dakota . And Montana , too ? Nate I think he Toni Bernie Sanders a very clear favorite in North North Dakota a caucus , and Montana , an open primary in the Mountain West . He Toni Bernie Sanders a somewhat more modest favorite in South Dakota South Dakota Clinton overperformed a bit in caucuses in neighboring Iowa , Nebraska , Minnesota and Wyoming , so I would n’t completely write off a Clinton win in Clinton primary there . Next up would be New Mexico , but that ’s both a diverse state and a closed primary . It ’s a lot harder for him . Toni a Clinton win in a primary there victory would be extra sweet for him , particularly a Clinton win in a primary there . After Tuesday , President Obama will lean on him . Others President Obama lean on him . It President Obama purely a guess , but I think he keeps going President Obama the convention . Nate I do n’t think so , Toni . Did Toni see what he said tonight President Obama the networks called the race for Clinton ? Toni No . Too busy editing . I ’ll look it up now . Nate You did n’t miss anything ! He said nothing Nate it . That does n’t sound like a candidate who is going to vigorously contest the outcome . Toni This is what I found , a news release . Nate Yes , Nate he gave a Nate speech , and he did n’t Nate it once . a whole speech So you think he ’ll drop Nate . How does it play out a whole speech Nate To be Nate , I have no inside information . I ’m just saying that , if I had to bet , I ’d say that he ’ll concede Nate this week or at least before the D. C. primary ( June 14 ) . Update I just think there ’s a lot of evidence coming together . Jeff Merkley ’s comment . Sanders having his event at Sanders a. m. which is after the California polls close and after Clinton clinches pledged delegates , but before he could plausibly Sanders in California , given California early vote . Toni Do you think a lot of his supporters would Toni ready for that ? Nate Not the ones that tweet at me . Toni Ha . But they ’re the ones who could vote for Jill Stein and help Trump win the election . Or maybe just vote for Trump ? Nate Trump could . They say they They , They least on Twitter . I do think that some of them will be They by the likes of Barack Obama , Elizabeth Warren and perhaps even Bernie himself . But not all   —    though I wonder how many of them would have They for Obama . Toni Barack Obama think almost all of them in 2008 They but fewer in 2012 and fewer still as time went on and disillusionment set in . That ’s one of the big questions remaining for this election : whether Sanders supporters put it behind them this election eventually Sanders supporters Clinton . The way it happened tonight may not help , but in the end , it may not matter . Trump could persuade Bernie supporters all by himself , and Trump week he seems to Trump doing a heck of a job . Nate Yeah , I think that ’s probably right . And it is very hard to imagine how Trump is supposed Trump make inroads anywhere if he keeps up Trump pace , let alone among people who supported a Democratic socialist . Toni I still believe Bernie will fight Bernie the convention about superdelegates . Let ’s imagine that there were no superdelegates to start the campaign . That would have still left Sanders with his biggest problem Sanders It was n’t closed primaries , it was n’t It media , it was n’t It . ( Not saying those played no role ) . It was that he was routed Sanders black voters , who have played a hugely influential role in recent presidential campaigns . Nate I think that ’s right . It ’s not too much of an exaggeration to say that Clinton and Sanders were basically tied among nonblack voters , and that Clinton then built Clinton lead on Clinton huge margin among black voters . It allowed her It sweep Clinton South by a huge margin   —    margins that Sanders never really Sanders . Toni Some Sanders supporters have Sanders asking for proportional representation of superdelegates tied to the popular vote in each state . But that essentially gets him nowhere , Sanders ? Nate Nowhere . In fact , I ’d argue it would set him back : Sanders would lock it into the results of the primaries . Keeping the superdelegates unbound superdelegates a case Sanders he ’s not Sanders eliminated until they ’ve voted . superdelegates are all sorts of arguments about how the Democratic nominating process is problematic . The superdelegates have taken superdelegates of flak , and there ’s a solid argument for it . But this race was not close , and it was not decided by this race in the rules . Toni Let me defend the concept of superdelegates for a moment . It ’s also , in the concept of superdelegates way , a defense of expertise . If you ’re a political pro , you ’re more likely to know , for example , that Sanders ’s edge over Clinton in     polls against Donald Trump may not mean much . You ’re also more likely to know the nuances of policy than the average person . A lot of people do n’t realize this , but some     are allowed to vote in primaries . Is it elitist to think that it ’s more meaningful if it Jeff Merkley of Oregon and the Minnesota congressman Keith Ellison support Sanders   —    they are two of his Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon and the Minnesota congressman Keith Ellison support Sanders     —    Sanders  — if most     do ? ( I have no problem with     voting , by the way ) . Nate Haha , well , why have elections at all then , Toni ? Toni The bottom line is Toni Is there any value at all in having superdelegates ? Nate I think so , and there are two big reasons . One is that they ’re helpful in the superdelegates of a contested convention   —    say , a    race where no candidate reached 50 percent of pledged delegates , something like what the Republicans would have faced if they had used proportional delegate the Republicans like the Democrats . My instinct is that superdelegates probably have a better chance of coordinating a solution than a bunch of unaccountable and unacquainted delegates . The other is that they ’re helpful if there superdelegates good reason to believe the dynamics of the race have fundamentally changed . Imagine , for instance , that Barack Obama had been a badly damaged candidate after the Reverend Wright tapes were released   —    say he fell far behind in Barack Obama polls , or he did n’t win any Barack Obama contests , including the ones he was supposed to win Barack Obama like North Carolina or Oregon . I think superdelegates would have been justified in siding with the results of the latter primaries . Toni Yes , superdelegates are more flexible than a lot of people might think . And an indictment of Hillary Clinton is not an impossibility . But now let me play devil ’s advocate . I can also envision how the superdelegate system could become untenable . If Sanders had edged Clinton by , say , Hillary Clinton pledged delegates , it ’s conceivable that the superdelegates would have overturned that verdict by the voters . They could have cited things the superdelegates popular vote totals or his reliance on caucus victories Sanders In that event , you would have had an extraordinary mess ( you think Sanders supporters are upset now Sanders ) . And it makes you wonder if the idea of superdelegates is sustainable in the long run . If something like that happened , it ’s easy to imagine that superdelegates would be abolished for future elections . Nate So yes , Nate think that ’s totally possible . But you could imagine ways around this problem . Maybe superdelegates need to be " triggered "   —    say , if no candidate earns a majority of delegates , or 52 percent of delegates , or something like that . Although that would n’t help in the event that there ’s reason that event that the race had fundamentally changed since the race contests . But as it was , it was a little ridiculous that superdelegates still loomed over a race where a candidate was winning the popular vote by 14 or so percentage points . Toni Yes , it Toni Sanders in the awkward Sanders of having railed against superdelegates and then basing the entire rest of his campaign on them Sanders What ’s your feeling on the superdelegates of a change in the superdelegate system at the convention ? the superdelegate system them significantly could be a tool for Clinton to make peace superdelegates Sanders and his supporters . Sanders Warren Sanders who is a superdelegate , has come out against superdelegates , so momentum seems to be building . But getting rid of them entirely would n’t be easy , right ? Nate I superdelegates n’t have Nate great sense of how likely it is that they ’ll change the superdelegates , but they ’ve probably superdelegates superdelegates than they ’ve been worth to superdelegates Democrats so far . It would superdelegates the Democrats if people were willing to cut or reform them in some way . Toni Staying with California , Donald Trump has people time campaigning there ( Donald Trump    state ) instead of in battleground states . Is there a strategy buried in there somewhere ? Or should it be called strategery ? Nate I do n’t think Nate . Can you even think of anything ? Toni Not a thing . What does that say about his campaign advisers ? Or Nate he does n’t listen to Nate . Nate Well , the reporting Nate —    including from The Times his campaign advisers —    indicates that the campaign is something of the campaign right now , and that ’s exactly how I ’d describe their travel schedule . In recent weeks , Nate and Toni discussed claims Nate Sanders supporters that elections were rigged Toni showing Sanders outperforming Clinton in polling Sanders Donald Trump and whether Elizabeth Warren could have Hillary Clinton Elizabeth Warren Donald Trump Hillary Clinton 