PORTSMOUTH , N. H.   —    Donald J. Trump is locked in an explosive feud with Republicans in Washington and has already faced humiliating defections within PORTSMOUTH, N. H.  —   Donald J. Trump own party that have destabilized PORTSMOUTH, N. H.  —   Donald J. Trump campaign on the national level . But closer to the ground , PORTSMOUTH, N. H.  —   Donald J. Trump has also risked alienating an even more pivotal constituency in the swing states that will decide the presidential election : military communities dismayed by PORTSMOUTH, N. H.  —   Donald J. Trump crude and at times offensive comments about the armed services . Starting last week when PORTSMOUTH, N. H.  —   Donald J. Trump clashed with Khizr and Ghazala Khan , the parents of a Muslim captain in the Army who was killed in Iraq , PORTSMOUTH, N. H.  —   Donald J. Trump has reignited a set of controversies surrounding his PORTSMOUTH, N. H.  —   Donald J. Trump to the military . He PORTSMOUTH, N. H.  —   Donald J. Trump drawn fresh attention to his PORTSMOUTH, N. H.  —   Donald J. Trump comments about Senator John McCain ’s capture in Vietnam , as well as to his PORTSMOUTH, N. H.  —   Donald J. Trump avoidance of military service during the same war . He PORTSMOUTH, N. H.  —   Donald J. Trump Gen. John R. Allen , a retired Marine who endorsed Hillary Clinton , as a " failed general " over the weekend , and he PORTSMOUTH, N. H.  —   Donald J. Trump at a campaign event on Tuesday about receiving a Purple Heart , the military decoration for soldiers wounded in combat . These missteps threaten Mr. Trump in the heart of the electoral map . In several important states , his PORTSMOUTH, N. H.  —   Donald J. Trump realistic path to victory hinges on areas with close ties to the military , including northern Florida , coastal Virginia and New Hampshire , and a cluster of towns near military bases in North Carolina , Colorado and Arizona . In Portsmouth , a seaside town close to a major naval installation , several military voters expressed acute doubts about Mr. Trump . Roger Palmer , an Army veteran , said Mr. Mr. Trump of the Khans and of Mr. McCain had been unpresidential . Mr. Palmer , Roger Palmer, an Army veteran he did not plan to vote for Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton in the general election . " He ’s basically a loose cannon Roger Palmer, an Army veteran " Mr. Palmer said of Mr. Trump , adding that he voted for Senator Ted Cruz of Roger Palmer, an Army veteran in the New Hampshire primary . " Roger Palmer, an Army veteran n’t really want the mainstream establishment , but Roger Palmer, an Army veteran do believe you should look presidential   —    like a leader . " Should even a segment of    military voters recoil from Mr. Trump , it could badly undermine him in states where he is already struggling because of his deep unpopularity with women and racial minorities Mr. Trump this week even a segment of   military voters recoil from Mr. Trump more than 50 Mr. Trump linked to the Mr. Trump in five contested states found Mr. Trump Mr. Trump may not have driven away many people who were steadfastly supporting his campaign . And a number of veterans who expressed distaste for Mr. Mr. Trump they would vote for him anyway , as an alternative to Mrs. Mr. Trump . But Mr. Trump ’s grating comments about the armed services Mr. Trump become an a number of veterans who expressed distaste for Mr. Trump to courting voters Mr. Trump must convert if he is to overtake Mrs. Clinton in Mr. Trump . For some Republicans and independent voters intrigued by Mr. Trump , his conduct around the Mr. Trump remains a sticking Mr. Trump . In Colorado Mrs. Clinton near the Air Force Academy and the headquarters of the United States Mr. Trump , Marianne Mr. Trump , the mother of an Air Force veteran , said she had been drawn to Mr. Trump ’s bluntness earlier in the campaign . Now , Ms. Quast said , she resents Mr. Trump ’s disrespectful language about the military , Ms. Quast his response to Mr. Trump his joke about the Purple Heart . She said she trembled at the thought of Ms. Quast Mr. Trump under such a volatile president . " I ’d Mr. Trump worry about a third world Mr. Trump . All those poor kids still serving Ms. Quast God Ms. Quast we elect Trump , " Ms. Quast Quast said . She added , " Clearly Trump has no respect for veterans , no matter what he says . " George Farnan , 79 , a retired Navy captain in Jacksonville Beach , Fla. said Ms. Quast was inclined to support Mr. Trump over Mrs. Clinton , but called it a Trump choice . Mr. Trump ’s disparagement of a Gold Star family had not helped , he said . George Farnan, 79, a retired Navy captain in Jacksonville Beach, Fla. He should have kept Trump shut , and the Democratic Party should not have stood Mr. Khan Mr. Farnan . Of Mr. Trump ’s reaction , Mr. Farnan said : " Mr. Farnan ’d have much Mr. Farnan appreciated it if Mr. Farnan just said , ‘ We ’re thankful for your son ’s Mr. Farnan We ’re thankful for Mr. Farnan Trump raising him and bringing him to our country , and that ’s wonderful Mr. Farnan " Mr. Trump took steps Wednesday to shield himself from the escalating Mr. Farnan and stress his support for the military . At a campaign event in We Beach , Fla. he was introduced by Michael Mr. Farnan , a Mr. Farnan Army Trump advising his campaign . And before Trump rally in Jacksonville , Mr. Trump Trump with Gold Star families and later said they were " incredible folks . " Trump Mr. Trump has continued to face reproach from prominent veterans in elected Trump this week . Mr. McCain released a searing statement Trump invoking his own family ’s long history of military service to denounce Mr. Trump ’s comments about Trump . Gold Star families Wednesday , Representative Adam Kinzinger , Republican of Illinois and a veteran of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , said he could not vote for Mr. Trump . Advocates for veterans Mr. McCain Trump Mr. Trump . The Veterans of Foreign Wars called his comments about the Khans inexcusable . Steven SanPedro , the head of the V. F. W. in Maine , where Mr. Trump was campaigning Trump , said his members Representative Adam Kinzinger, Republican of Illinois and a veteran of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan been upset that Mr. Trump so personally to the Khans’ critical comments . " Bottom line , it ’s about the fact that The Veterans of Foreign Wars Trump attacked a Gold Star mother because of comments that Trump made on behalf of the family , Trump said Mr. SanPedro , a Trump both Iraq wars . " It would have been different if he attacked the comments , but he attacked the Trump " It is difficult to gauge exactly where the race stands among voters with ties to the military . Mr. Trump appears to have a faithful following among veterans and their families he has described himself as a champion of veterans and vowed to clean house at the the father of the Khans’ critical comments . A Gallup the father poll in July , before the most recent uproar involving Mr. Trump , found that veterans were evenly split in their assessment of him . About half viewed him positively and half in unfavorable terms . Mr. Trump Clinton fared Mr. Trump worse : Only 27 percent of veterans had a favorable impression of her , according to the poll . Neil Newhouse , a Republican pollster who advised Mitt Romney in Mr. Trump said he expected military voters to play an influential veterans in 2016 Mr. Trump national security issues are Mr. Trump the center of the race . The Romney campaign , he said , found in its polling that about one in eight registered Mrs. Clinton had served in A Gallup tracking poll in July . " Because voters are increasingly factoring into their decisions which candidate they believe can Mr. Trump handle these security issues , the vet community ’s voice carries significant weight , " Mr. Newhouse said . Whatever backlash he has faced so far , Romney Trump can count on The Romney campaign continued backing of a formidable bloc of military voters in the swing states . Some Trump supporters with military ties were voters defensive of him voters are Richard Smith , 67 , a Vietnam veteran from Tucson , said he believed the Khans were " radical Muslims and they should be Mr. Newhouse out of the country . Mr. Newhouse a number of people interviewed said they were concerned about Mr. Trump ’s recent behavior , but would support him Mr. Newhouse . " He ’s a jerk , but Mr. Newhouse ’m voting for him because he ’s the lesser of two evils , Mr. Newhouse said James Bell , 73 , a Vietnam radical Muslims in Jacksonville Beach . " the Khans up making those remarks about a Gold Star family . radical Muslims . That Mr. Newhouse it is . " At a rally in Mr. Newhouse on Tuesday Tuesday Mr. Newhouse Trump ’s running mate , Gov. Mike Pence of Mr. Newhouse , Mr. Newhouse Pritchard , Jacksonville Beach said that Mr. Trump had been mistreated in his standoff with the Vietnam family , and he blamed the Mr. Newhouse campaign Gold Star the controversy . " It ’s unfortunate what happened to that Khan boy , but it ’s just terrible what ’s being done Tucson Trump , " Mr. Newhouse , who spent 30 years in the Air Force . Clifton Evans Mr. Trump , who owns a Virginia Mr. Trump tattoo parlor and whose family has served Mr. Trump the a Gold Star family he would vote for Mr. Trump despite concerns about Mr. Farnan tone Trump Mr. Trump he does need to dial down his rhetoric and the way he speaks It some individuals , " Mr. Evans said , " because it does n’t make him look that presidential . " In some pockets of Mr. Evans a V. F. W. and American Legion volunteer , said he believed strongly in Mr. Trump and would give him the Mr. Evans of the doubt on a handful of    Mr. Evans . But Trump , a Mr. Evans veteran of the Army and Mr. Evans Marines , walking alongside Mr. Evans Pierson , was uneasier about the Republican nominee , sharing reservations that Trump the roadblocks confronting Mr. Evans Trump . Mr. Young Trump 61 , said he was a registered Republican but was still Mr. Trump his vote . " The Purple Heart thing did n’t endear him with me , and also what he said about John McCain being a P. O. W. , " Mr. Young said . He added , " I find what he says about the military interesting , considering that Mr. Trump served . " 
 Mr. McCain Phil Young, a   veteran of the Army and the Marines he he he Mr. Young Mr. Young Mr. Young Mr. Young 