WASHINGTON   —    The tableau at the White House was chillingly familiar : The somber president , nearing the end of his    term , walked    to the podium to offer his condolences , promised action in the wake of suffering and pleaded for a new resolve that just might prevent more deaths in a hail of bullets . The list of tragedies on President Obama ’s watch seems countless by now . An elementary classroom . A church . A military base . A movie theater . And , now , a gay nightclub . President Obama said Sunday ’s massacre , by a gunman with a handgun and an assault weapon , is another brutal reminder of how easy it is for someone to slaughter dozens . " We have to decide if that ’s the kind of country we We to be , " Mr. President Obama on Sunday as Sunday’s mourned President Obama nation ’s deadliest mass shooting . " And to actively do nothing is a decision , as well . " Mr. Obama President Obama respond forcefully to what he called a President Obama " act of terror and an act of hate . " This time , it was a tragedy that combined gun violence , a hatred of gays and ties to Islamist terrorism . In his remarks , Mr. Obama said President Obama still unclear to the authorities whether there was a direct link between the gunman and international terrorist groups . But in the hours after he spoke , law President Obama officials said that the gunman had pledged his allegiance to the President Obama State , and they acknowledged that he law enforcement officials twice been President Obama for terrorism connections . It took only hours for questions about those connections to become terrorism connections the presidential campaign . Donald J. Trump , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , seized on the attacks as evidence of America ’s weakness in facing terrorism . He demanded that Mr. Obama Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee because he refused to say the Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee " radical Islam " in his remarks . " If Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee do not get tough and smart real fast , we are not going to we a country anymore , " Mr. Trump said in a statement . " Because our leaders are weak , we said this was going to happen   —    and it is only going to get worse . I am trying to save lives and prevent the next terrorist attack . " Hillary Clinton , the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee , called the massacre   in Orlando , Fla. an " act of terror " and an " act of hate " and called for " hardening our defenses at home " while " refusing to be intimidated and staying true to our values " in the United States . Mr. Obama pleaded with Americans during his remarks not to " Mr. Obama in to fear or turn against each other , " a somewhat muted reference to Mr. Trump ’s previous call for a ban on Muslims entering the United States . " the United States of hate and violence , we will love one another , " Mr. Obama said . Rather than giving Mr. Obama fear , the president said , " we will stand Mr. Obama as Americans , to we our people , and defend our nation , and to take action against those who threaten us . " Speaking to reporters , Mr. Obama said the country had again been traumatized Mr. Obama violence , our nation more than 100 lives during a    nightmare early Sunday , with 50 people killed and 53 wounded in the attack . During his presidency , Mr. Obama has repeatedly mourned victims of Mr. Obama shootings , Mr. Obama anger and frustration at what he has said is the country ’s apparent willingness to let Mr. Obama become a " normal our nation of life . That anger has victims of mass shootings compounded by Mr. Obama ’s inability to persuade lawmakers to impose new restrictions Mr. Obama of firearms , especially the    rifles like the one believed to have been used by the gunman in Sunday morning ’s attack in Orlando . A major push for a ban on assault weapons after the 2012 massacre of schoolchildren in Newtown , Conn. ended in failure . " Can we say that we ’re truly doing enough to give all the children of this country the chance we deserve to live out their lives in happiness and with purpose ? " an all the children of this country Mr. Obama said after all the children of this country Newtown attack . Mr. Obama on Sunday gave his deepest condolences to the families of the victims , an emotional Mr. Obama said Americans should , an emotional Mr. Obama particular , keep the country ’s gay and lesbian community an emotional Mr. Obama mind as they offer their prayers . He called it an " especially heartbreaking day " for the Americans community Americans " The an emotional Mr. Obama targeted a nightclub where people came together to be with friends , to dance and to sing , and to live , " Mr. Obama said . " The place where they were attacked is more than a nightclub an emotional Mr. Obama    it is a place of solidarity and empowerment where people have come together to raise awareness , to speak their minds and to advocate for their civil rights . " Mr. Obama has often hailed the people on gay rights that has people made during his presidency an emotional Mr. Obama the decision by the United States Supreme Court to allow    marriage . But an emotional Mr. Obama legal protections have not erased hatred in the country . " This is a sobering reminder that attacks on any American   —    regardless of race , ethnicity , religion or sexual orientation   —    is an attack on all of us and on the fundamental values of equality and dignity that define us as a country , " he said . Mr. Obama took no questions from reporters after delivering his    remarks . He turned Mr. Obama the podium to walk back into the West Wing , once Mr. Obama left to monitor Mr. Obama investigation , prepare a likely eulogy for the dead and wonder when he might have to come into the briefing room again . Shortly after he spoke , Mr. Obama Mr. Obama that flags at the White House and other federal sites around the Mr. Obama be lowered Mr. Obama . Again . 
 