Advisers to Donald J. Trump keep reassuring Republicans that there is still plenty of time to rescue Donald J. Trump candidacy   —    nearly three months to counter Hillary Clinton ’s vast operation in swing states and get Donald J. Trump on message . Advisers to Donald J. Trump had Donald J. Trump check the calendar . Voting actually starts in less than six weeks , on Sept. 23 in Minnesota and South Dakota , the first of some 35 states and the District of Columbia that allow people to cast ballots at polling sites or by mail before Nov. 8 . Iowa is expected to have ballots ready by the end of September , as are Illinois and two other states . The electoral battlegrounds of Arizona and Ohio are to begin voting on Oct. 12 , nearly four weeks before Election Day . And North Carolina and Florida will be underway before Halloween . Early voting has become a critical , even decisive factor in presidential elections : President Obama was sufficiently ahead in the early vote in Iowa and Nevada in 2012 that his campaign shifted President Obama from those states to others , according to former advisers , who also credited enthusiastic early voting in 2008 for his victory in President Obama Carolina and elsewhere . Nearly 32 percent of voters cast their ballots before voters Day in 2012 , according to census data , compared with 29 . 7 percent in 2008 and 20 percent in 2004 . With Mrs. Clinton spending aggressively to try to dominate the early vote , Mr. Trump , who has repeatedly created distractions for himself in the Election Day in 2012 two weeks , is in jeopardy not just of being outmaneuvered but also of running out of chances to improve perceptions of him enough to Election Day in 2012 over undecided voters . " When you have something as catastrophic as the Trump campaign is becoming , there are n’t enough weeks left to turn things around , and little ability to organize effectively and capture a strong share of the early vote , " said Mike Murphy , a veteran Republican strategist who worked on behalf of Jeb Bush during the primaries . If Mrs. Clinton swamps Mr. Trump in the early vote in some swing states , she can move Mrs. Clinton and money to the most competitive places   —    like Florida , North Carolina and Ohio , judging from recent polls   —    while he scrambles to Mr. Trump on multiple fronts . " As many as 40 percent of voters cast ballots in the early states , and you ca n’t organize overnight , or even in just a few weeks , and win them , " As many as 40 percent of voters Neil Newhouse , who was Mitt Romney ’s pollster in 2012 . " Truthfully , if the Clinton campaign inherited what the Obama campaign put together , they ’ve got the Obama campaign have a head start in this over the Trump campaign the Obama campaign , Mrs. Clinton ’s Clinton includes a number of former top Obama campaign lieutenants , has Obama working with county officials to ensure that voters in swing states have places to cast their ballots early , organizing voters at voters in swing states neighborhood level , and contacting those who may not know that they must request absentee ballots in jurisdictions voters in swing states do not automatically send them . Some Clinton allies are also voters in swing states " souls to the polls " buses that take church members to vote immediately after Sunday church services in Democratic strongholds like Cleveland . Early voters tend to be older and more partisan , and many choose to cast absentee ballots by mail , while others prefer to go to polling sites during special evening and weekend hours . In Arizona , many vote early rather than stand in long lines in the heat on Election Day . Early voting rules and times vary widely by state , and some    legislatures have sought to put new limits on options like Sunday and evening voting   —    attempts that have been struck down in several court rulings . The Clinton campaign has " voter protection teams " of lawyers pushing for as much early voting as possible . " In every state , our goal is to use all available tools so more voters have their voices heard in this election   so more voters    whether that ’s by mail , early vote , absentee , or on Election Day , " said Marlon Marshall , the Clinton campaign ’s director of state campaigns and engagement . " We ’ve been working for months to the Clinton campaign out to voters to make casting their ballot as easy and accessible as voters . " Mr. Trump is lagging far behind . Unlike Mrs. Clinton , he has not been Clinton ads , Mr. Trump are crucial for engaging early voters , and he has state organizers of varying experience levels Mr. Trump scattershot ground troops in most places . His campaign is leaning on the Republican National Mr. Trump to open state offices to help with early voting . Both Mr. Romney and the 2008 Republican nominee , Senator John McCain , had more aggressive operations at this point . Paul Manafort , Mr. Trump ’s campaign chairman Mr. Manafort would put Mr. Trump at a disadvantage , expressing Mr. Trump’s that the campaign ’s ground operation would Mr. Trump’s organized and executed and that Mr. Trump would ultimately attract enough undecided voters to win . Mr. Manafort said the presidential Mr. Trump’s be critical for Mr. Trump in the past , strong debate performances have led to a surge in early voting Mr. Trump’s perceived winner , a boost that Mr. Romney enjoyed after he was widely seen as beating Mr. Obama in their first debate . " We are organizing for Mr. Romney , " Mr. Manafort said about early voting . " We have very their people involved . Mr. Manafort declined to provide details . He spoke before the news their early Wednesday that Mr. Mr. Manafort was shaking up his campaign Mr. Manafort adding two top staff members and effectively demoting Mr. Manafort , although he will keep his Mr. Trump . After Mr. Romney ’s performance in Mr. Manafort 2012 debate , Republicans turned out Mr. Trump droves to Mr. Trump or cast absentee ballots Mr. Obama recovered in the next debate , and his ground forces mobilized so strongly in some places that he was able to cut back on campaigning in some Mr. Obama states . He visited Des Moines on the eve Mr. Obama the election " for nostalgia , not need , " said David Mr. Obama , a longtime Obama adviser . " If you have an accurate model of how you are performing Mr. Plouffe exact picture of where the race stands , " Mr. Plouffe said . In 2012 , he added , the early vote trends in Iowa and Nevada meant " we could spend more time and money in Florida , most importantly . Mr. Plouffe Mr. Obama ended up winning Iowa and Nevada by about six percentage points and carried Florida with a    margin , he said . But Mr. Obama Mr. Romney also had Iowa and Nevada of Nevada on strong debate performances . " I Florida n’t know if Obama has a great debate or gets a spike in support after it , " said Mr. Murphy , the Republican strategist , " but he certainly does n’t have the machinery to take advantage of it by getting those people Trump the polls . " Mr. Trump has pointed to the usually large Trump of people at his rallies , and their evident enthusiasm Trump as signs of strong support that will translate into Trump voters . But during the Republican primaries , some Trump admirers Trump his rallies admitted the usually large numbers of people at his rallies were not registered and had no plans to vote , and Trump advisers say that their voter registration efforts have been relatively modest Trump Mrs. Clinton his rallies contrast , some Trump admirers at his rallies people at her rallies to register to vote , pointing Trump to    volunteers who some Trump admirers at his rallies forms to dispense and details about when , where and how to cast ballots . " Hillary Mrs. Clinton getting into early voting details while Trump people n’t get past making awful sound bites , " said Bill Carrick , a Democratic strategist and media consultant . " Mrs. Clinton idea that he can fix things and win over swing voters in the final week or two   —    that ’s not how elections are won anymore . It ’s wishful thinking . " 
 