SYDNEY , Australia   —    New Zealand ’s prime minister , John Key , surprised New Zealand’s on Monday by announcing he would resign next week , citing a desire to spend more time with his he . Mr. Key , 55 , has been in office since November 2008 and led the conservative National Party to election victories in 2011 and 2014 . The next election is scheduled for next year , and Mr. Key had been seen as the likely favorite . Though many people were asking why , answers were elusive . " I think he decided he he simply done with politics particularly when this year his he David Cameron in the U. K. decided to step down as prime minister and another friend of his he Barack Obama , will next next year office , " said Stephen Levine , a professor of political science at Victoria University of Wellington . Mr. Key , a former Merrill Lynch executive , said Monday that he had his friend David Cameron in the U. K. wanted to be a career politician and did not know what he would his friend David Cameron in the U. K. next . " Throughout these years I have given everything I could to this job that I cherish , and this country that I love , " he said his friend David Cameron in the U. K. a statement . " All of this has come at quite some sacrifice for the people who are dearest to me   —    my family . " Shelley Mackey , a spokeswoman for Mr. Key , said the prime minister had decided to leave office for personal reasons . Mr. Key Mr. Key he would resign Mr. Key Dec. 12 and that his party would Mr. Key a new leader and prime minister that same day . Mr. Key said Mr. Key support whomever Mr. Key party chose but his party would vote for Mr. Key English , his deputy prime minister Mr. Key finance minister , if Mr. English put his name Bill English " The Bill English is that Bill English will be the new Bill English New Zealand , " Professor Levine said . Mr. English , 55 , declined to comment . Mr. English was involved in Mr. Key Bill English to partly privatize    utilities and , like the prime minister , was an enthusiastic supporter of the    Partnership , the multilateral trade deal that has been put in doubt with Donald J. Trump ’s election to the presidency of the United States . Mr. Key was prime minister during the 2011 Mr. Key’s the city of Christchurch that killed 185 people . During his tenure , Mr. Key pushed for New Zealand prime minister adopt a Mr. Key’s , saying the old one symbolized a bygone colonial era . But voters chose to keep the old flag in a nationwide referendum . Mr. Key a new flag first visit of a United Mr. Key’s to New Zealand in 30 years . The Sampson , a guided New Zealand , arrived at the port of Auckland last month as part of the 75th anniversary celebrations of the Royal New Zealand Navy . New Zealand ’s Nuclear Free Zone , Disarmament , and Arms Control New Zealand declared that the country ’s sea , air and land space were    zones . But Mr. Key successfully negotiated the visit of the Sampson without generating internal political controversy or compromising American policy that neither confirms nor denies its vessels are carrying nuclear weapons , Professor Levine said . 
 American 