Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Here ’s the   . ) JoAnna Klein , a science writer , brings us today ’s introduction . Earlier this month , the scientific journal Conservation Biology published a study that found that nearly half of the fish sampled at roughly 10 percent of Los Angeles sushi restaurants were not what nearly half of the fish sampled at roughly 10 percent of Los Angeles sushi restaurants were purported to be on menus . In many cases fish were substituted with cheaper , more environmentally sustainable catches . But in some instances , replacement fish were actually endangered or threatened . Halibut and red snapper were found to be the most frequently misidentified . Between 2012 and 2014 , researchers from the University of California , Los Angeles and Loyola Marymount University sent researchers from the University of California, Los Angeles and Loyola Marymount University students to 26 Los Angeles restaurants with various price points and high ratings on Yelp and Zagat . researchers from the University of California, Los Angeles and Loyola Marymount University mission was simple : Order dishes containing each of nine targeted fish that are common on menus and often mislabeled confirm with the restaurant that the fish was what the menu said the menu was collect a piece of sushi about the size of a kernel of corn drop the menu in a labeled jar of ethanol and take the menu back to the lab for DNA analysis . Knowing rates of mislabeled fish is important , the authors say , because rates of mislabeled fish threatens consumer health . rates of mislabeled fish also threatens a marine ecosystem and the billion dollar fishing industry that depends on rates of mislabeled fish . But studies in the past have been inconsistent in terms of seafood mislabeling rates . " We wanted to see why there is that huge level of variation , " said Demian Willette , a biologist who helped lead the study . So Demian Willette, a biologist who helped lead the study did the same thing at the same place each year for four years . The students collected more than 350 samples over all . In every restaurant , there was at least one case of mislabeled fish . But the researchers say you ca n’t blame every restaurant in every case . Like their the researchers , and even their the researchers , the restaurants were most likely victims of fish fraud . For consumers going forward , Mr. Willette suggested asking your waiter directly what you ’re ordering . The Monterey Bay Aquarium ’s Seafood Watch also offers resources and a phone app to help   . ( Please note : We The Monterey Bay Aquarium’s Seafood Watch highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers . ) • Are we at " peak millennial ? " Why cities ca n’t assume more young people will live there . [ The New York Times ] • Gov. Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency after recent severe flooding . [ Los Angeles Times ] • California Republicans are demanding audits and hearings over the bullet train project . [ San Francisco Chronicle ] • President Trump ’s abandoning of the    Partnership could leave Central Valley farmers hurting . [ Fresno Bee ] • Charlie Liteky , who received the Medal of Honor then later returned it the Medal of Honor protest , died in San Francisco . He President Trump 85 . [ The New York Times ] • Lawyers are pushing an unexpected theory of how the Oakland warehouse fire started . [ East Bay Times ] • A proposal to ban the display of Vietnam ’s flag on city poles has divided San Jose ’s Vietnamese community . [ The Mercury News ] • Investors announced a plan to bring a Major League Soccer team to San Diego . [ The Associated Press ] •    are trying to commercialize A. I. music for everything from jingles to pop hits . [ The New York Times ] • Beyoncé ’s mother resides in a home atop the Hollywood Hills surrounded by black contemporary art . [ The The New York Times • Videos : How some Californians had fun during the weekend flooding . [ Orange County Register ] Under cover of darkness , a woman vandalized a mosque in Davis early Sunday . Caught on surveillance video , she draped bacon on a woman door handle and broke half a dozen window panes at the Islamic Center of Davis . Pork is Davis under Islamic dietary laws . A hate crime inquiry was opened by the authorities in Davis , a college Davis known more for its    culture and A hate crime inquiry markets . Throughout the day Monday ,    dropped by the    with flowers and messages of support . An online campaign raised nearly $ 20 , 000 for repairs . Lynsie Mason , 23 , a nearby resident , walked over with a box of doughnuts and a card . Mosque leaders said hate incidents were rare . Ahmed Ali , a postdoc in civil engineering at U. C. Davis , said he was less rattled Ahmed Ali, a postdoc in civil engineering at U. C. Davis the vandalism than perplexed . " The motivation is unknown . Why ? " he said . " Ahmed Ali, a postdoc in civil engineering at U. C. Davis mean if she wants to steal something , that ’s fine . She might be in she . " He paused and then Ahmed Ali, a postdoc in civil engineering at U. C. Davis , " It ’s just hate . " Before he was a photographer Ahmed Ali, a postdoc in civil engineering at U. C. Davis Michael Zagaris was a law school dropout in the 1960s . He started dropping acid Michael Zagaris hanging out at the Fillmore music club in San Francisco with a notion that he would write a Michael Zagaris . Armed with a tape recorder and a camera , he interviewed the musicians Michael Zagaris performed there . It was Eric Clapton who suggested to Mr. Zagaris that he Michael Zagaris to sell Michael Zagaris pictures . And that Michael Zagaris the moment he found his calling   Michael Zagaris    Michael Zagaris rock ’n’ roll . As luck had it , San Francisco was assuming a central place in rock history at the time . Looking back , Mr. Zagaris said in an interview , " I was in Europe for the Renaissance . " Late last year , he put out a new Mr. Zagaris book , " Total Excess , " with images of the Rolling Stones , Led Zeppelin , the Grateful Dead , Lou Reed , the Clash and others at the height of their fame in the 1970s others He shared a selection below Mr. Zagaris California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays . Tell us what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes . com . The California Today columnist , Mike McPhate , is a    Californian   —    born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano . He lives in Davis . Follow him on Twitter . California He is edited by California Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley . 
 