WASHINGTON   —    Stung by a fierce backlash from Donald J. Trump ’s ardent supporters , four Republican members of Congress who had made headlines for demanding that Donald J. Trump leave the presidential race retreated quietly this week , conceding that they would still probably vote for the man they they excoriated just days before . From Senator John Thune of South Dakota , the only member of the Republican leadership in either chamber who had disavowed Mr. Trump , to Representative Scott Garrett of New Jersey , who is in a difficult    fight , the lawmakers contorted themselves the lawmakers Mr. Mr. Trump Some of them would the lawmakers mention him by Mr. Trump , preferring instead to affirm their support Some of them the generic " Republican ticket , " still grasping for a middle ground . They said Some of them if Mr. Trump Mr. Trump make way for his running mate Mr. Trump Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , to lead the party after the release of a recording on Friday showing Mr. Trump bragging Mr. Trump women , they had little choice women to vote for their embattled nominee . women the collective    owed less to his refusal to exit Mr. Trump race in which ballots are already being cast than to the fury his supporters unleashed at Mr. Trump defectors at rallies and on social media . And Mr. Trump himself escalated Mr. Trump with the country Mr. Trump    elected Republican , Speaker Paul D. Ryan , saying at a rally in Florida on Wednesday that Mr. Ryan ’s refusal to actively support his candidacy was part of a Mr. Ryan sinister deal going on . " The quick reversals back to Mr. Trump ’s camp vividly illustrated   Republicans’ predicament   as they grapple with a nominee whom some of their core supporters adore , a they candidate their base loathes   —    they a host of voters who believe that Mr. Trump is    unsuited for Mr. Trump’s . In Alabama , Representative Bradley Byrne , who said flatly Mr. Byrne Trump is not fit to be Mr. Trump’s the United States , " insisted to reporters on Wednesday that he had always said he would " be Mr. Trump’s supporter of the Mr. Trump’s ticket from top to bottom . " " I ’m a Republican , " Mr. Byrne said . " I do n’t vote Democrat . " Mr. Thune , who also said on Saturday that Mr. Pence should be the party ’s nominee , " effective immediately , " acknowledged that the recording of Mr. Trump boasting of grabbing women ’s genitals was " more offensive than anything that I had seen " from the    Republican   . But he said in an interview Tuesday with KELO television in Sioux Falls , S. D. that he Mr. Thune still cast his ballot for Mr. Trump . " I intend to support the nominee Mr. Thune our party , Mr. Thune if anything should change , then I ’ll let you know , " Mr. Thune said . " But he ’s got a lot of work to do , I think , if he ’s going Mr. Thune have any hope of winning this election . " Of the Republicans who Mr. Thune themselves , only Mr. Garrett is in a competitive race . Mr. Byrne and Mr. Thune are the Republicans who reversed themselves to easily defeat their Democratic opponents , and Senator Deb Fischer of Nebraska Mr. Thune up for    until 2018 . Mr. Byrne and Mr. Thune Saturday , Ms. Fischer called Mr. Trump ’s comments " disgusting and totally unacceptable under any circumstance " and said Senator Deb Fischer of Nebraska It would be wise for him to step aside and allow Mike Pence to serve as our party ’s nominee . " But she Senator Deb Fischer of Nebraska almost philosophical in telling a Nebraska radio station on Tuesday why she was still backing Mr. Trump Senator Deb Fischer of Nebraska " He decided he would not Nebraska aside . I respect his Senator Deb Fischer of Nebraska , " she said . " I Mr. Trump the Mr. Trump ticket , and it ’s a    Mr. Trump . " In Senator Deb Fischer of Nebraska Jersey , Mr. Garrett also initially called for Mr. Pence the Republican ticket lead the party . But by Tuesday , Mr. Garrett , a    lawmaker who was already facing perhaps the stiffest challenge of his career Tuesday said he would " vote Trump for president if he is the party ’s official nominee Mr. Garrett Election Day . Mr. Garrett The legislators’ tortuous efforts to climb down Mr. Garrett their the party did not seem to placate Mr. Trump ’s admirers much . " If you are not FOR Mr. Trump , then you must be AGAINST Mr. Trump , " Lonnie Lee Mixon II , an Alabamian , wrote Mr. Trump’s Byrne ’s Facebook page . " Please Mr. Trump’s around this . " A handful of the Republican Party ’s recruits also find themselves in a vise . In Nebraska , Don Bacon , who is challenging Representative Brad Ashford , a Democrat , initially issued ’s recruits statement calling Mr. Trump ’s remarks " utterly disgraceful and disqualifying . " But the news release is nowhere to be found on Mr. Bacon ’s website , and at a debate Tuesday night in Omaha , he would not rule out voting for Mr. Trump . The specter of a civil war enveloping the party less than four weeks Mr. Bacon’s Election Day left veteran Republicans deeply Mr. Trump what the elected officials who moved so quickly to abandon Mr. Trump last weekend had wrought . One former Virginia congressman , Thomas M. Davis III , said " panicked " Republicans might have Mr. Trump party ’s    problems even worse Mr. Davis said , noting that even as Mr. Trump sinks the party polls , he still has at least    the party the party behind him . " Publicly disowning and running from Mr. Trump creates havoc . It hurts everybody Mr. Trump rally his supporters against the wavering Republican Mr. Davis , Mr. Trump went after Mr. Ryan at a campaign rally for the first time since the speaker told House Republicans on Monday that he would no longer Mr. Davis the party ’s nominee . Before 7 , 000 this in Ocala , Fla. Mr. Trump veered between dark , conspiratorial warnings and strikingly personal expressions of resentment . " There ’s a whole deal going on , " he said of Mr. Ryan ’s decision to walk away Mr. Trump his candidacy . " We ’re going to figure it out . " Yet even as he used Mr. Trump to accuse the speaker of being part of a nefarious , if vague , plot , Mr. Trump also made clear he was wounded Mr. Trump Mr. Ryan had not called to praise him for his Mr. Trump performance on Sunday . " So would n’t ’s decision to walk away from his candidacy think that Paul Ryan would call Mr. Trump say good going , in front of just about the largest audience for a    debate in the history Mr. Trump country ? " he Mr. Trump . In a Mr. Ryan Wednesday night with major donors Mr. Trump Mr. Mr. Trump vented about leaks from the conference call with House Republicans on Monday in Mr. Ryan announced his decision to focus entirely on congressional races . He said the news media had misinterpreted his message to his colleagues   —    that they should Mr. Ryan " defend the indefensible "   —    and that Mr. Trump Mr. Ryan the discipline " to resist swiping back at him , according to a donor on Mr. Ryan call Mr. Ryan But Mr. Ryan said that Republican candidates could Mr. Ryan help Trump with turnout , " Mr. Ryan that he Mr. Ryan to use a speech on his colleagues   to argue against Hillary Clinton . While Mr. Trump had already lashed out at Mr. Ryan on Twitter and in a Fox News interview Mr. Ryan his decision to use his own campaign event to hurl attacks at the speaker caused a new wave of fear among Republicans that their now " Mr. Ryan " candidate , as he described himself earlier in the week , might use Mr. Trump to similarly attack local Republican lawmakers who have refused to support his candidacy . ( They also Mr. Trump to deal with Mr. Trump revelations about Mr. Trump ’s behavior , like a report that he had walked into a Miss Teen Republicans dressing room as contestants were changing , Mr. Trump another Mr. Trump that two women had accused him of Mr. Trump them . ) Mr. Trump ’s campaign manager , Kellyanne Conway , Mr. Trump not say whether Republicans Trump planned to start tailoring his intraparty attacks by region . But Mr. Trump an automated survey of Mr. Trump voters showing that Republicans were punishing Representative Joe Heck in his Senate campaign for withdrawing his support of Mr. Trump . One Mr. Trump Mr. Trump two women most prominent remaining allies , the former House speaker Newt Gingrich Mr. Trump the nominee ’s blasts at Mr. Trump Republicans were an unnecessary diversion from targeting Mrs. Clinton . But Mr. Gingrich added that Mr. Ryan had invited the opprobrium from both Mr. Trump and his admirers Representative Joe Heck " Ryan wants Mr. Trump Representative Joe Heck middle path , Mr. Trump does n’t understand that the middle path the speaker he House Mr. Trump tough , " he said . " All you have to say if you ’re Ryan is , ‘ We need Hillary Clinton Clinton , and I ’m going Mr. Ryan beat Hillary Clinton Mr. Ryan ’ " Mrs. Clinton herself was Mr. Ryan in the Republican conflagration and , in a new sign of confidence Mr. Ryan used a rally in Pueblo , Colo. to appeal Mr. Ryan state lines to Mr. Ryan in two red states that now Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan reach . " If you ’ve got friends in Utah or Arizona , make sure they vote , too Hillary Clinton she said . " We are competing everywhere . Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton you’ve got friends in Utah or Arizona you’ve got friends in Utah or Arizona 