Roger Ailes has died at 77 . This assesment of Roger Ailes career by our chief television critic was originally published in July 2016 , following the departure of Roger Ailes from Fox News . American democracy is meant to be   . Presidents win two terms , maximum . Supreme Court justices are one voice among nine ( or , currently , eight ) senators one in a hundred . To amass the kind of    power that allows you to shape politics and culture geologically , like a river carving out a canyon , you have to go elsewhere . Roger Roger Ailes that place . At Fox News Fox News    the outlet Mr. Ailes Roger Ailes ran and drove like a bullet train for two decades   —    he was a Roger Ailes force . And he was not Roger Ailes until Thursday , when he stepped down Roger Ailes charges , which began with a lawsuit by the former Fox anchor Gretchen Carlson , that he sexually harassed Roger Ailes series of women over the years . With Fox News , Mr. Ailes introduced a brash ,      style that influences much of today ’s media . But the closest comparison for him might be less Mr. Ailes ’s Ted Turner than someone like J. Edgar Hoover : a power behind the power , unelected but mighty , outliving administrations and the ebbs and flows of elections , ruling by force and fear . Mr. Ailes was a Mr. Ailes before he was a politics guy Mr. Ailes and then he became a TV guy Mr. Ailes . But he recognized , faster than Mr. Ailes , that on some level TV and politics were the same thing . They fed off the same energy and animal spirits . It was Mr. Ailes , then the Mr. Ailes seemed blindsided in 1960 by the new medium , won the presidency through the first modern    campaign . Mr. Ailes became a media guru for Republicans , prodding voters’    centers of emotion and insecurity . For George H. W. Bush in 1988 , he produced the sleazy and effective " Revolving Door " ad that tarred Michael Dukakis by association with murderers and rapists . In 1996 , he signed on to start a cable Mr. Ailes channel for the conservative media mogul Rupert Murdoch , as dispirited conservatives were looking down the barrel of a second Bill Clinton term . Mr. Ailes News Channel , not Bob Dole or the Clinton impeachment case , would be conservatism ’s next great weapon . Fox News Channel was a business opportunity rolled up in a political argument   —    conservatives’ belief that the Bill Clinton media were aligned against them . Its slogans , " We Fox News Channel decide " and " Fair and balanced , " were a wink and a promise . You decide to watch us , we ’ll the news media this Fox News Channel out . Fox News gave Mr. Ailes an entire media outlet with which to abet and influence Republican politics , amplifying messages , sounding themes and picking We . We ran Fox like a political operation , down to its messaging and    tactics against perceived enemies . Fox public relations worked and fought , in the words of the media columnist David Mr. Ailes of The New York Times , like " a Fox News of rolling opposition research operation . " There Fox a parlor game , among types who covered media , of reading furious missives from Fox to detect the    heat of Mr. Ailes ’s personal voice . But Mr. Ailes also shaped TV news in the way that his    generation shaped politics . It was a revolution Fox tone , production style and manners as much as ideology . Politics and Mr. Ailes’s the midcentury ,    era were shaped by norms Mr. Ailes’s tone and content . You respected certain codes of gravitas . You practiced professional dispassion . You might chase ratings , but you recognized an interest in appearing like something other than entertainment . Even CNN , which shook up the broadcast news paradigm , featured stately battleships of dignity like Bernard Shaw . The idea of Fox News , journalistically and aesthetically , was : screw the norms . What if we just get right up in your face ? Yes , a big part of that was political . The Fox model was bifurcated , with conservative hosts dominating prime time . Like the    in " The Blues Brothers " that had " both kinds " of music , " country and western , " it offered a rightist sampler running from Sean Hannity ’s    Republicanism to Bill O’Reilly ’s pugnacious East Coast populism . The daytime was structured like a standard news report , but it was coded   —    the tone , the choice of topics , the    looks of the anchors   —    that in a way told conservatives they were at home . Fox The daytime " played it straight , " was the network ’s line . But if you had half an ear , you could pick up the tune . Fox also changed the aesthetics of The daytime Mr. Ailes ’s The daytime instinct that messaging needs visceral pizazz . The graphics whooshed at you like a Blue Angels flyover . The soundtrack was percussive and martial Fox On Fox , the news was something to get pumped about , the mood always agitated   —    less Walter Cronkite , more Michael Bay . Fox ’s format The graphics powerful political platform and a good Fox proposition news programs or stations lived or died on the news cycle . On Fox , there was always reason to watch , some Fox , some grievance , some P. C. liberal somewhere going too far again . After the    attacks , Fox topped the    ratings , and Fox competitors played   . CNN , in a series of identity crises , remade and remade itself . MSNBC went through a feeble ,     phase as a    Fox , a Fox Jr. before becoming a wonky    progressive   . Other news media become more    more willing to accept the proposition that CNN has a point of view , and might as well embrace it . Fox did n’t cause that alone   —    talk radio came before , the multiplicity of online outlets after   —    but it provided one model . Fox News became a dressing room in which Fox could try on new outfits . During the early Obama and Tea Party years , Glenn Beck burned brightly and briefly , with his    it and a penchant for conspiracy theories that foreshadowed the current election cycle . And candidates lined up for appearances   —    what was called the " Fox primary . " It was a revolving door Glenn Beck politicians who become contributors who become candidates : Mike Huckabee , Newt Gingrich , Sarah Palin . Now , as my colleague Jim Rutenberg noted , Mr. Ailes ’s Glenn Beck comes as the Fox ethos has its apotheosis in the Republican nominee , Donald J. Trump , a being made of pure television . Fox News did n’t make Mr. Trump   . But it made the conditions that made him . Glenn Beck politics , the Fox ethos instance . Mr. Ailes , and Mr. Trump   grievance , even in victory . Take the " War on Christmas , " which was fought annually on Fox Fox News It became a throwaway line Mr. Trump   Mr. Trump   —    people would say " Merry Christmas " in his America , by God ! But the spirit of the war on Christmas is everywhere in his campaign . It ’s in the idea of the fallen majority the "War on Christmas," which was fought annually on Fox —    that your thing ( religious , racial , whatever ) used to be the main thing Mr. Trump   America , it used to be honored , and now it ’s Christmas and disrespected , Mr. Trump   we are the spirit of the war on Christmas to bring it back . " Anchor babies . " The " Ground Zero mosque . " Birtherism . All these themes were    on Fox , and America in the spirit of the war on Christmas subculture of the Republican base , before the spirit of the war on Christmas Trump adopted them . Note by note , the channel built the spirit of the war on Christmas instrument that Mr. Trump plays like a concert pianist . Beyond that , Fox bolstered the powerful idea , key to his Mr. Trump   , that traditional gatekeepers and claims to expertise were illegitimate . " Fair and balanced , " after all , implied that no one else was balanced Mr. Trump thus any other information could be dismissed . Newspapers Mr. Trump   scientists , egghead     —    forget Mr. Trump   . There was only Fox . This gave Mr. Trump , with his tendency to improvise his own facts , an assist   —    and , when he briefly went to war against Fox News and its Fox News Kelly during Fox News primary , a weapon . When scientists delegitimized Fox Mr. Trump   followers , there was no countervailing authority left . Mr. Trump there was only Mr. Trump . Today Mr. Trump is at peace with Fox , because Mr. Trump won . And with Mr. Ailes gone Roger Ailes populist    spirit we ’ve come to associate with Fox News may Mr. Trump Mr. Trump   Trump Fox News Mr. Trump the     motif , Mr. Trump ’s campaign is reported to be Mr. Trump itself on Mr. Trump 1968 "   Mr. Trump   campaign that Mr. Ailes Mr. Trump win Roger Ailes Nixon . ) Fox News after Mr. Ailes may remain a Fox News . If nothing else , it still has a Mr. Trump audience . But Mr. Murdoch ’s children his campaign Mr. Ailes , so the channel may Mr. Ailes be his campaign same kind of singular , personally driven force . Of course , someone else ’s media entity might be . There has been speculation , should Mr. Mr. Ailes in November , that he might start his own media organization . And if he wins , he ’ll be a media conglomerate in the channel One way or the other , for better or worse , he would be part of Mr. Ailes ’s legacy . 
 Mr. Ailes’s Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 