Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : • China returned fire at    Donald J. Trump over   Donald J. Trump questioning of the    U. S. policy to recognize to Taiwan as part of " one China . " A    tabloid said A   tabloid grasp of foreign policy was " like a child . " Our reporter analyzed five ways the Chinese could make life difficult for a Trump administration . a Trump administration also faces a domestic split . Prominent Republicans are calling for investigations into intelligence findings that Russian cyberattacks supported Mr. a Trump administration bid , an assessment he has dismissed a Trump administration Mr. Trump has a Trump administration Rex W. Tillerson , the chief executive of Exxon Mobil , for secretary of state . But the oilman has a conflict of interest : billions of dollars in company deals that can go forward only if the U. S. lifts sanctions against Russia . _ _ _ _ _ • Some of the world ’s richest men   —    Microsoft ’s Bill Gates , above , Alibaba’ ’s Jack Ma and Amazon’ ’s Jeff Bezos   —    joined other global business leaders to launch a fund that will invest more than $ 1 billion in " next generation energy technologies . " And investors who control more than $ 5 trillion in assets have agreed to drop some or all of their fossil fuel stocks investors who control more than $5 trillion in assets The divestment movement has doubled in size in 15 months . _ _ _ _ _ • In Syria , Aleppo is falling . The forces of President Bashar    are within days , if not hours , of capturing the last corners of the country ’s largest city . The seizure would be a turning point in the civil war , cementing government rule in all major cities and forcing the opposition to reckon with whether the armed rebellion has failed . _ _ _ _ _ • Jakarta ’s    • governor , known as " Ahok , " goes on trial for blasphemy today in a case seen as a test of Indonesia ’s religious freedoms . A guilty verdict would be a blow to the country ’s tradition Indonesia politics , but a ruling that clears him could set off more destabilizing mass protests by    Islamic groups . _ _ _ _ _ • " Devastated and ashamed to be Australian . " The photographer Ashley Gilbertson wrote those words after spending a week with our    columnist Roger Cohen , documenting the misery of asylum seekers detained at Australia ’s request on a remote island in Papua New Guinea . One of our editors followed nearly a dozen migrants   —    and the man who decided their fates   —    nearly a dozen migrants   Italy ’s overwhelmed asylum system . • Tencent , China ’s biggest internet company , is competing with Alibaba and Dalian Wanda to snatch up Hollywood assets and generate    blockbusters . The company is in talks    writer David S. Goyer , whose films , including the " Dark Knight " franchise , have grossed a $ 4 . 88 billion worldwide . • We look at why the U. S. Federal Reserve Bank is probably going to increase interest rates on Wednesday . • Oil surged on promises from both OPEC and    producers to cut production , adding to to a global rout in bonds . • U. S. stocks were lower . Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • Christine Lagarde , the director of the International Monetary Fund , said she was " profoundly shocked " by the vigorous pursuit of a criminal case against her , which alleges that her she as France ’s finance she allowed the misuse of hundreds of millions of euros . [ The New York Times ] • India evacuated thousands of people and shut schools as Cyclone Vardah lashed the southern coast and the city of Chennai with heavy rain and lethal winds of up to 85 m. p. h. ( 140 k. p. h. ) . [ CNN ] • The office of President Rodrigo Duterte criticized a photo essay in The Times this week that documented 57 homicides in 35 days of his antidrug campaign as " totally President Rodrigo Duterte " and depicting the Philippines as " the Wild , Wild West . " [ The New York Times ] • New Zealand ’s incoming prime minister , Bill English , provided a few surprises , including some poetry , as he laid out his vision for President Rodrigo Duterte country . President Rodrigo Duterte New Zealand Herald ] • Women who lived Mosul , Iraq , under the Islamic State ’s    occupation described the tyranny of an extreme dress code   —    even their eyes had to be covered Women who lived Mosul, Iraq, under the Islamic State —    enforced with a whip . [ The New York Times ] • Indian police arrested a man for not standing during the mandatory playing of the national anthem at a movie theater . [ The New York Times ] • The New York Times estimated 250 , 000 people attended a concert in support of    marriage , but an official says lawmakers remain divided on the issue . [ Asia Times ] • The Philippine government is still looking for a $ 500 million art collection amassed by Imelda Marcos , above , that vanished when her husband , Ferdinand E. Marcos , was ousted Imelda Marcos power in 1986 . • In Myanmar , a sleepy town on the Irrawaddy River is marketing itself to tourists as the setting of George Orwell the Irrawaddy River first novel , the anticolonial " Burmese Days . " • An    jackpot : The portfolio of drawings • man wanted assessed in Paris turned out to include one attributed to Leonardo da Vinci . It ’s worth about $ 15 . 8 million An   jackpot: The portfolio of drawings a man wanted assessed in Paris turned out to include one attributed to Leonardo da Vinci • And our Daily 360 video takes you to •    border , where hundreds of thousands of people face food scarcity . Basketball celebrates its 125th birthday this month . Its inventor , Basketball James Naismith , aimed to Basketball athletes vigorous through the winter . He might be surprised at the game ’s popularity Its inventor, Dr. James Naismith, aimed to keep athletes vigorous through the winter . Especially in China , where at least 300 million people play . YMCA missionaries introduced the new game in Tianjin in 1895 and , using a Chinese translation of Naismith ’s rule book , spread it widely . Yao Ming lifted basketball ’s profile a Chinese translation of Naismith’s rule book China after becoming the top pick in the 2002 China B. A. draft , but earlier factors helped . First , the Communist Party embraced it . Games maintained soldiers’ morale during the Long March , when Mao Zedong led the Red Army on a yearlong retreat . And while Mao declared war against almost all Western imports during Mao Zedong Cultural Revolution , " he never wavered in support of basketball , " Mao Zedong Atlantic reported in 2012 . In 1979 , a few years after President Nixon ’s historic visit , the N. B. A. ’s Washington Bullets ( now Wizards ) visited to play China ’s national team . " Everywhere you went and there was open space , you saw a basketball hoop , " the Washington coach said . " It was just a matter of time before they developed it . " Indeed , the league later opened offices there , and has succeeded where companies like Google and Facebook have struggled . _ _ _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 