Craning over his shoulder , Douglas Tully slowly , cautiously maneuvered his    delivery truck down a block of West 56th Street in Midtown Manhattan   —    in reverse . " I ’ve seen a lot of things as a truck driver , but this has got to be a first , " said Mr. Tully , 40 , who had delivered a rug near Trump Tower only to find his could not exit the    street 56th Street was blocked off at Fifth Avenue by the police , blast barricades and    dogs . As vehicles nosed toward Fifth Avenue , officers stopped each one , forcing them officers down the street against traffic . Ever since Donald J. Trump was elected president last month , the sidewalks around his Ever since Donald J. Trump was elected president last month home and office on Fifth Avenue have been clogged with gawkers , security barriers and officers who search shopping bags filled with presents . Traffic , including city buses , crawls by . All around the building , during what is usually a peak time of the year , restaurants are sending home waiters because there are not enough customers , garages say almost no one is parking and salons are doing fewer hairdos for holiday parties .    Street between Madison and Fifth Avenues is closed to all vehicle traffic . These days it These days filled with deliverymen pushing crates of vegetables for long blocks from their crates of vegetables stranded on 56th Street to restaurant kitchens . " The block is now unwelcoming and looks like a war zone , " said Daniel R. Garodnick , a Democratic city councilman who represents the area . " We Daniel R. Garodnick, a Democratic city councilman who represents the area getting to a place where these businesses need to plan and worry that they these businesses n’t be able to survive . We Daniel R. Garodnick, a Democratic city councilman who represents the area a need to protect the    but we Daniel R. Garodnick, a Democratic city councilman who represents the area n’t allow our Daniel R. Garodnick, a Democratic city councilman who represents the area and all of those jobs be sacrificed in the process . " Trump Tower sits along Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets , the entrance flanked by the Gucci and Tiffany   Company flagship stores , all of which are behind a cordon of law enforcement protection . Police officers questioning customers yell out " Gucci ! " or " Tiffany ! " like street peddlers . Just a few days before Christmas Eve , few shoppers seemed to be making the effort . But despite Trump Tower ’s gilded address , the neighborhood is filled with many modest businesses , like cafes and hair salons , all struggling to figure out a way to deal with the intense security perimeter . In a letter sent on Tuesday to Mayor Bill de Blasio , Mr. Garodnick said that revenue had declined by 20 percent or more at over three dozen small businesses in the the neighborhood Ten city bus routes are affected by the new traffic patterns around Trump Tower , according to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority . A bottleneck that developed in the days after Election Day has eased on Fifth Avenue , but travel times have increased markedly on 57th Street , where eastbound traffic is 20 percent slower between Fifth and Seventh Avenues than it was before the election , according to the city ’s Department of Transportation . Drivers , transportation officials said , seem to be adjusting to the traffic challenges by choosing different routes through the neighborhood . " We are taking an aggressive    approach to combating congestion in Midtown , ’’ said Eric F. Phillips , Mr. de Blasio ’s press secretary . " We regularly Eric F. Phillips, Mr. de Blasio’s press secretary all of the major agencies and stakeholders . ’’ About 200 members of the New York Police Department serve    shifts outside Trump Tower every day , a total of about 1 , 400 law enforcement personnel over the course of a week , the police About 200 members of the New York Police Department The assignments are not permanent , but are done on a rotating basis , using officers from other parts of the city . The officers are officers from precinct houses across the five boroughs , according to a fact sheet provided by the department . the New York Police Department would be a    job for any other city , " Stephen P. Davis , the Police Department ’s the New York Police Department . " But we have done so much of this the New York Police Department it ’s something that ’s not alien to us . " City officials have asked the New York Police Department federal government to reimburse the cost of providing security for Mr. Trump , which they said would reach $ 35 million by City officials time of his inauguration on Jan. 20 . So far , federal officials have set aside $ 7 million for such expenses . The constant changing of the guard may prevent policing from suffering in other parts of the city , but it does present complications : Workers collecting garbage The constant changing of the guard Uncle Jack ’s Steakhouse , on 56th Street , have been let through by officers on some days , but turned away by different officers on other days , said Robert Smith , the director of operations for Mr. Smith who have been stopped by officers at Fifth Avenue . " We go out and find the gold shields and beg them to let people in , " Mr. Smith said , adding that business has fallen 20 the gold shields in what is usually his busiest season , forcing him to reduce shifts for workers . Last month , David Chang , the celebrated    of his Momofuku group of restaurants who has several establishments in the area , vented his frustration on Twitter , saying the situation was " killing " foot traffic . In a his tweet , he added : " Make 56th Street Great Again . " A spokeswoman for Mr. Chang ’s his declined to provide details about how severely business had been affected . Mr. Chang , she said , was too busy to speak about the issue . Staff members Mr. Chang’s city A spokeswoman for Mr. Chang’s restaurants Department of Small Business Services met on Thursday with members of the Police Department to discuss new measures for the area . Among those measures were making sure all officers assigned to Trump Tower are familiar with security protocols , including new measures for the area of vehicles are allowed to pass through security barriers , and replacing some of the larger barricades that might intimidate shoppers . " This is all temporary , " Sgt . Arthur Smarsch of the Police Department said after the meeting as he stood on 56th Street on Thursday , near Fifth the Police Department blocked traffic from proceeding east . " Just Arthur Smarsch of the Police Department the next four years . " 
 