OMAHA   —    The investor and philanthropist Warren Buffett unleashed a withering attack on Donald J. Trump on Monday for refusing to release Donald J. Trump tax returns , asserting Donald J. Trump had something to hide , and for misleading voters about Donald J. Trump success as a businessman and ability to improve the American economy . The investor and philanthropist Warren Buffett , said a monkey throwing darts at the stock pages in 1995 , when Mr. Trump first offered stock in his Atlantic City hotels , would have come out far Mr. Trump of anyone who listened to Mr. Trump ’s " siren song " and invested in Mr. Trump that lost money year over year . The attack Mr. Trump perhaps the nation ’s most revered investor undercut a core argument of Mr. Trump ’s presidential candidacy : that his success as a Mr. Trump to run the country despite his Mr. Trump of political experience . Mr. Mr. Trump appeared at a rally with Mr. Trump Clinton , the Democratic nominee , in his hometown , Omaha . Taking on Mr. Trump , he pledged to Mr. Buffett transport 10 Nebraskans to the polls Mr. Buffett Day on Mr. Buffett of Mrs. Clinton and urged others to do the same . His appearance made him Hillary Clinton billionaire to come out strongly against Mr. Trump Mr. Buffett candidacy   Mr. Buffett    after speeches by Michael R. Bloomberg at Mr. Buffett Convention in Philadelphia and by Mark Cuban over the weekend   —    as Mrs. Clinton enlists their support to question Mr. Trump ’s business acumen . Mrs. Clinton was campaigning Hillary Clinton   —    a Mr. Buffett   —    as she sought to Hillary Clinton momentum from the Democratic convention last week . On Monday , a CBS News poll , Hillary Clinton first major national telephone survey after the Republican National Convention showed her enjoying a bump since Republicans nominated Mr. Trump . They were tied at 42 percent after Hillary Clinton Republican National Convention Hillary Clinton but she now leads him , 46 percent to 39 percent Republicans nominated Mr. Trump By campaigning in Nebraska , Mrs. Clinton was trying to Hillary Clinton up support in one of just two states that allocate electoral votes by congressional district Hillary Clinton 2008 , Barack Obama won a single electoral vote in the state ’s Second District against Senator John McCain , though he lost it in 2012 in his more closely fought    race against Mitt Romney . In his address introducing Mrs. Clinton to the Senator John McCain , Mr. Buffett pointed out Senator John McCain most in the audience at a high school gym knew Senator John McCain that their votes could be disproportionately influential because Senator John McCain state ’s peculiar Electoral College system . " We live in a very special place , the crowd Mr. Buffett said . Noting that Jonathan Karl of ABC News predicted on Sunday that the Electoral College could come down to a     tie Senator John McCain Buffett said , " I Mr. Trump that he had made " sacrifices " by building buildings and working hard , an argument he made after Senator John McCain , the Muslim father of an Army captain Senator John McCain in Iraq , said during a speech at the Democratic convention , that Mr. Senator John McCain had " sacrificed nothing " for the country . Mr. Buffett said he , like Mr. Trump , had made a lot of money . " I have not sacrificed , " he told the rally . " How in the world can you stand up Mr. Trump couple of parents who lost a son and talk about sacrificing because you Mr. Buffett building a Mr. Trump buildings ? " Mr. Buffett quoted a famous rejoinder to Senator Joseph McCarthy during his 1950s Mr. Buffett hearings : " Have you no sense of decency , sir ? " Mr. Trump was campaigning on Monday in Ohio and Pennsylvania , two swing states that Mrs. Clinton visited over the weekend and where Mr. Buffett is pushing his    message hard . Although Mr. Romney Senator Joseph McCarthy all but one of Nebraska ’s 93 counties four years ago , the Clinton campaign sees opportunity this election cycle . The Second District sent a Democrat , Representative Brad Ashford , to Congress in 2014 , and Mr. Trump one of the Mr. Trump members of his party to unseat an incumbent during a Republican wave . Maine is the only other state to split Mrs. Clinton electoral votes . In a reverse image of Nebraska , Mr. Trump ’s campaign hopes to pick up a vote in more conservative , rural northern Maine . The Clinton campaign hired he Nebraska state director about a month ago , when it also started spending precious resources on TV ads Maine the state . " There ’s serious dollars and I he politicos who have been hired , " said Jane Kleeb , the incoming chairwoman of Maine Nebraska Mr. Trump’s campaign At the Nebraska convention , Ms. Kleeb helped mollify and motivate delegates supporting Mr. Trump’s campaign Bernie Sanders , who carried the Nebraska caucuses during the primary race . More than 1 , 000 people snaked back and forth in a parking lot to hear Mrs. Ms. Kleeb Jim Magill , a retired chief master sergeant in the Air Force . A Republican , he said he Nebraska Mrs. Clinton and did not believe Mr. Trump ’s promises to veterans . He was appalled , he said , about the Republican nominee ’s criticism of the Khans . " It was deplorable somebody would say anything like that about a veteran who died for his country to his parents , " Mr. Magill said . " He should have been A Republican . A Republican 
 A Republican A Republican Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 