Here are the top 10 comments of the week on our digital platforms , as selected by our readers and the journalists who moderate nearly every comment . 1 . The G. O. P. obstructed progress for eight years and convinced people government is broken . people government broke people government . our bought people government .   —    Meghan Y. in Charlotte , N. C. This comment received more than 1 , 400 reader recommendations . 2 . We elected Trump for one purpose : To deport all illegal aliens , and all illegal aliens illegal families . If he does that , he will have two terms and be the most popular POTUS in modern history . If he fails . ... he ’s toast . We will vote he out in 2020 . No more anchor babies . No more bilingual education . No more ballots in SPANISH . No more Dream Act . No more sanctuary cities .   —    Concerned Citizen . 3 . Alas , this has been a pretty typical experiences for our generation of women ( born , like Hillary , late    50s ) . The unprepared , loud braggart gets the job over the thoughtful ,    woman who has studied hard .   —    Lynn in New York . This comment received more than 350 reader recommendations .   4 . Welcome to the Brexit club . Welcome to a radical new world of fear as virtue , ignorance as strength and bigotry run amok . Please take care if you are a minority , especially a visible minority : I would not be surprised if , as was the case in the months after Brexit ( indeed , still occurring ) extremists will be emboldened feeling that extremists prejudices have now received an official stamp of approval . I would n’t say this is a final nail in the coffin , but the Western world has suffered a terrible blow this year and this year came from within .   —    Joe Collison in London . This comment received more than 970 reader recommendations . 5 . I am proud it looks like most of the country did the right thing and the popular vote has gone to Clinton . And , as much as I wanted Clinton to win the presidency , I could n’t shake that nagging feeling that having her Clinton the White House was not going to help mend the country . The hatred toward her would Clinton bloomed forth unchecked : more obstruction , more mudslinging , more investigations , more vile would have been in store for her . Clinton , the Republicans will be in the hot seat . Let ’s see the Republicans they can the Republicans before the pendulum swings back   —    and in the meantime , work to find candidates that will help unite Americans , not divide them . candidates that will help unite Americans —    Booklover in New York . 6 . Hillary supporters Clinton n’t feeling a " sting of defeat " they ’re Hillary supporters for their safety Hillary supporters After Obama won , did you fear that your parents would be forced out of the country and sent far away ? Did you experience threatening notes left on your car with drawings of nooses ? Did you question whether you should hold hands with your partner in public , or whether that would now be too dangerous ? Were you spat at in public because of your gender , the color of your skin ? Were you worried that your access to birth control would be stripped ? Hillary voters are living in very real and very personal fear for their safety Hillary voters   —    Rebecca in Boston . This comment received more than 200 reader recommendations .   7 . My initial reaction to Trump ’s victory was like everyone else ’s : disbelief , despair , anxiety . I ’m starting to see things differently . When [ Trump ] Trump large infrastructure Trump , it hit me his large infrastructure plan Infrastructure is what made America great , from the early railroads to Eisenhower ’s Interstate highway system . Americans never wanted care or handouts , just a fair shot at working hard and leaving their children a Americans better off than when they started . Americans opportunity has been taken away from rural America , and America ’s the That opportunity white working folks who remember best it did n’t That opportunity to be that way . His plan is Eisenhower’s Interstate highway system and requires deals with Congress that will not pretty , but only a Republican can pull it off and His plan truly believe there is something there that every American will recognize . Meanwhile , the left will have to transform itself . I the left waiting and seeing , but maybe , just maybe , exciting times are ahead and I would consider moving back to the U. S. to be part of it .   the U. S.    Fred in Lyon , France . 8 . Do n’t give newspapers and journals a pass . " Saturday Night Live " was right to parody the press for their absolute refusal the press cover stories other than the email fake scandal . The false equivalencies never ended . In the future demagogues need to be called out early and often , and women candidates should not be held to a different standard than men .   —    SMB in Savannah , Ga. This comment received more than 980 reader recommendations .   9 . He won . Period . These people need to find someone among them willing and These people to run for local offices . They need to These people this energy to toward supporting that person , and give that person an that person put their goals into These people . This protest is a waste of valuable energy . Channel the energy . this energy let the energy burn out this energy .   —    Brock Roloff on The Times ’s Facebook page . 10 . I did n’t realize that when Trump said he was going to drain the Trump , what he meant was that he would Trump all the poisonous Trump he finds and put them in Trump Cabinet .   —    Trump in New Jersey . This comment received more than 270 reader recommendations . 
 