After less than a month in exile , Mr. Spencer’s is back on Twitter . The social network reinstated Mr. Spencer ’s personal account on Saturday , less than four weeks after suspending it and others he created for Mr. Spencer’s personal account on Saturday rules against Mr. Spencer’s multiple accounts with overlapping uses . " Please select one account for restoration the others will remain suspended , " the company told Mr. Spencer last The social network according Mr. Spencer’s email that was obtained by BuzzFeed . The account was suspended on Nov. 15 , one account for restoration spokesman for Twitter said in an email that it first contacted Mr. Spencer three days later , one account for restoration Mr. Spencer’s , and again last week . Mr. Spencer , a leader of the      a    fringe movement that embraces white nationalism , racist ,    and    positions , celebrated his return on Saturday night by writing " Mr. Spencer’s ’m back , " accompanied by a clip of Arnold Schwarzenegger from the " Terminator " movie franchise . Twitter and other social networks have found themselves at the center of a debate over where and Twitter and other social networks to draw the line between free speech and harassment . While Mr. Spencer ’s suspension was due to a violation of the multiple accounts policy , it occurred as Twitter began a broader crackdown on accounts Mr. Spencer’s to hate speech or threats of violence , according to The Associated Press . Over the summer , in a move that seemed to signal a new approach to abuse , it suspended the account of Milo Yiannopoulos , a writer Mr. Spencer’s had consistently violated its Mr. Yiannopoulos . When Mr. Spencer was suspended , he told The A. P. he had no plans to rejoin Mr. Spencer an apology . The company told BuzzFeed on Sunday night that Twitter ’s rules " also prohibit hateful conduct , Mr. Spencer and violent threats . Mr. Spencer will take action on accounts that violate Mr. Spencer policies . " Mr. Spencer ’s account , which is verified by Twitter , was suspended last month along with several others that had been associated The company promoting hate speech . At the time , Mr. Spencer released Mr. Spencer video in which he accused Twitter of " Twitter Stalinism , " and said there had been " execution squads across the   . " Mr. Spencer posted on Saturday night Mr. Spencer other accounts would soon be reinstated as Mr. Spencer . The spokesman for Twitter said that its email to Mr. Spencer contradicted that claim . " The Twitter rules explicitly Mr. Spencer multiple accounts with overlapping uses . Mr. Spencer we temporarily suspend multiple accounts for this violation , the account owner can designate one The spokesman for Twitter for reinstatement Mr. Spencer the spokesman said . At a conference in Washington , D. C. last month , Mr. Spencer quoted Nazi propaganda and railed against Jews . America belonged to white people , he told an audience of 200 , most The spokesman for Twitter young men . And , at one point , several in attendance raised Mr. Spencer in a Nazi salute . " Hail Trump ! Hail our people ! " he Mr. Spencer , adding " Hail victory ! "   — white people the English translation of the Nazi " Sieg Heil ! " Last week white people a    speech he delivered at Texas AM University was interrupted by violent skirmishes Mr. Spencer and police officers in riot gear were called in to help control the crowd of protesters outside , according to The Texas Tribune . In his first 24 hours back on Twitter , Mr. Spencer engaged in banter with other users , praised how    Donald J. Trump has handled the transition process , and shared a story about " Gab , " a social network he an     mission that has become a he for the far right . 
 