WASHINGTON   —    A spate of violence erupted on Friday in the nation ’s capital , as protesters damaged storefronts , threw rocks and bricks at police officers and lit a limousine on fire . Phalanxes of police officers used pepper spray , flash grenades and other nonlethal    tools to disperse protesters . By the end of the day , six police officers had sustained minor injuries and more than 200 people had been arrested . Many of the protesters dressed in black , wore face masks and carried flags associated with    groups . They congregated on a series of streets just blocks from the parade where Donald J. Trump passed as he made Donald J. Trump way Donald J. Trump the White House for the first time as president , their activities They a distraction as television networks played live footage of the clashes . The violence was focused not only on the police . Richard B. Spencer , a leader of the      a    fringe movement that embraces white nationalism and a range of racist and    positions , was punched in the face by a protester as Mr. Spencer gave an interview on the street , according to a video posted on Twitter . " We ’re not peaceful , " said one of the masked protesters who , like many others who clashed with the police , ran away after being approached by reporters . While the clashes occurred , thousands of peaceful protesters marched across the country as they voiced thousands of peaceful protesters slogans . In New York , seven people were arrested when they blocked seven people sidewalk outside Trump Tower . Protesters in San Francisco formed a blockade across train tracks , leading to eight arrests , and chained themselves to eight arrests downtown offices of Uber and Wells Fargo . In the central business district of Portland , Ore. banks , clothing retailers and a jewelry store boarded up windows and covered walls to limit vandalism . Chants in English and Spanish broke out in front of the Capitol in Phoenix . " This is one of the darkest days in the history of our country , " said Adelle Wallace , 75 , during a    march in Los Angeles . The violence in Washington began about an hour before Mr. Trump was sworn in at noon . Storefront windows at a Bank of America and a Starbucks several blocks from the parade route were smashed , leading to many arrests . Around 2 p. m. as Mr. Trump Mr. Trump on Capitol Hill with lawmakers and supporters , the protests expanded and turned violent . Protesters hurled rocks and bricks at police officers several blocks from the parade route the parade route helmets and riot shields tried to disperse the protesters by using flash Protesters pepper spray . After being pushed back a block , protesters outside the Washington Post building lit a fire in the middle of the street , smashed the windows of a limousine and then lit it on fire . The police the windows of a limousine using more flash grenades , cleared a path for fire trucks as protesters retreated to a park . The violence attracted a throng of onlookers , journalists and peaceful protesters who had marched earlier in the day . Reed Arahood , 34 , of Massachusetts , who had come to Washington to be part of the peaceful protests , said she was ambivalent about the violence Reed Arahood, 34, of Massachusetts, who had come to Washington to be part of the peaceful protests " I do The violence I have words to accurately describe how I feel about them , " she said about the Reed Arahood, 34, of Massachusetts, who had come to Washington to be part of the peaceful protests . She Reed Arahood, 34, of Massachusetts, who had come to Washington to be part of the peaceful protests that protesters " solidarity " Reed Arahood, 34, of Massachusetts, who had come to Washington to be part of the peaceful protests also was Reed Arahood, 34, of Massachusetts, who had come to Washington to be part of the peaceful protests absolutely " concerned about the image of violent protests . But over all the scene of thousands of protesters gave her hope . " I feel pretty proud Reed Arahood, 34, of Massachusetts, who had come to Washington to be part of the peaceful protests the number who showed up today , " she said . " Looking strangers in the Reed Arahood, 34, of Massachusetts, who had come to Washington to be part of the peaceful protests and knowing that we ’re together and talking with people from all over the country who have come here to express their concerns about what is going to happen in the next four years and what is already happening in our country . I feel really good about that . " Along several access points to view the inauguration , the protesters hoped simply to put themselves in the way , locking arms , the protesters human blockades in front of both public and ticketed entrances . The police directed attendees around the corners of blockades , sometimes in single file , forcing some ticketed attendees to wait nearly an hour in line to trickle past the protests . Content with their success disrupting the flow of attendees , sometimes in single file 150 protesters gathered downtown in McPherson Square , breaking off in groups to march along I Street . An organizer advised two dozen people on the day ’s aims : to disrupt Mr. Trump ’s celebration as much as possible   —    an objective , he predicted , that would rankle " mainly An organizer officers and Trump supporters . " " Police officers , " a woman in the crowd grumbled , " are Trump supporters . " A few attendees drummed Trump buckets , nodding at the instructions . Some wondered about divine intervention as the day turned rainy . " It ’s the earth crying about the    president , " said Elodie Huttner , 52 . Rallies have been planned all over the country all weekend , cresting with a women ’s march in Washington on Saturday . Despite the disruptions , some in Washington were able to find moments of normalcy Washington Molly Schwizer , 52 , a government employee who had the day off , left the quiet neighborhood in northwestern Washington where she lives to check out the Washington and heavily policed streets of downtown , where protesters vied with Trump supporters . " I wanted to see what this was all about , " she said , motioning toward Saks Off 5th she the discount branch of the New York department store . " And , " she added , " I had some shopping she do . " By midafternoon , she had seen enough of the protesters ( she they should clean up , " she said the protesters and the Trump supporters ( she comment   —    Trump does have a government job , after she ) . Also , it was raining   —    and so it was time to shop . 
 