Each week , Nate Cohn , The Upshot ’s elections analyst , and Toni Monkovic , an Upshot editor , will discuss the 2016 race and post a lightly edited transcript of Nate Cohn, The Upshot’s elections analyst, and Toni Monkovic, an Upshot editor written exchange . The primary season is over . Hillary Clinton is the presumptive Democratic nominee . Yet the question of Bernie Sanders , and just what Bernie Sanders will do next   —    and what Bernie Sanders expects   —    remains unresolved . Toni You recently tweeted : " A fun thought experiment : Imagine Bernie Sanders winning but Hillary Clinton refusing to endorse unless Hillary Clinton adopted Hillary Clinton views , etc . " Bernie Sanders will speak to Bernie Sanders supporters via videoconference tonight at 8:30 p. m. Eastern from Burlington , Vt . Bernie Sanders still has n’t endorsed Hillary Clinton , and Bernie Sanders ’s still pushing hard for Bernie Sanders policies . But what kind of leverage does Bernie Sanders have ? Nate I think it ’s an interesting kind of leverage . The Clinton camp would certainly like Bernie Sanders    endorsement . On the other hand , the longer Bernie Sanders holds off endorsing , the less valuable the becomes and the more Bernie Sanders risks marginalizing Bernie Sanders as the conversation moves on to the general election . Toni Bernie Sanders goal of opening all primaries so that independents and others can vote   —    it ’s more complicated than Bernie Sanders makes it out to be , particularly if the G. O. P. has a lot of closed primaries , right ? Nate It ’s certainly debatable . Personally , I think that there are very good arguments on either side of the " closed " versus " open " primary debate . Both have advantages and disadvantages . I think the national mix of open and closed primaries reflects that well . That said   —    and this is somewhat subtle   —    I think the case for requiring one party to have open primaries everywhere is a little worse than the case for open primaries in the abstract . In states where the G. O. P. has closed primaries , conservative registered Democrats or registered unaffiliated voters who lean toward Republicans will be able to participate only in Democratic primaries . That can make Democratic primaries more conservative , not less . Toni    voter registration is another Sanders goal , and Toni   voter registration sounds like a laudable one . But the Democratic National Committee ca n’t wave a magic wand to make it happen . Nate No , the Democrats would probably wave a wand to make it happen if the Democrats could . it would help the Democrats a lot in the general election . I believe Clinton goes even further , and supports universal automatic registration laws . But voter registration laws are set by state governments , not by the state or national parties . Sanders is barking up the wrong tree . Toni We ’ve covered the issue of superdelegates . Let We get back to the question of leverage . Everyone is wondering about the end game for Sanders . But maybe Sanders ’s on the right track . If Sanders can drive a hard bargain at the convention , maybe Sanders can help smooth the path to unity by showing Sanders supporters that Sanders ’s won concessions . Sanders may have more credibility with his supporters when Sanders eventually comes around to supporting Clinton . Sanders ’s not the typical politician   —    in many ways . Sanders may never run again ( Sanders ’ll be 78 in 2020 ) . So why not drive a hard bargain ? Nate What ’s Sanders asking for ? And what could Sanders ask for that Sanders could plausibly get that would have the effect you ’re imagining ? I think the danger for Sanders is that he Sanders leverage as the election moves on without him Sanders especially if Clinton leads Trump . Toni Sanders persona has been as a fighter , and Sanders probably feels this is Sanders last shot on this kind of stage . I ’m not clear either on how important the specific goals are to Sanders , but it seems important to Sanders not to be seen as rolling over . But speaking of something specific beyond Sanders policy preferences , Sanders would like changes in the leadership of the Democratic National Committee , especially the removal of Debbie Wasserman Schultz . The early debate schedule set by the the Democratic National Committee long been a sore point with Sanders and his supporters Sanders There were fewer debates than Sanders wanted Sanders —    conspicuously fewer than the Republicans had   —    and most were on weekends , when fewer people would tune in . Nate I think that ’s a fair complaint . But my suspicion is that Sanders is Sanders withholding an endorsement because of Debbie Wasserman Schultz . Toni So then why do you think Sanders is Sanders his endorsement Sanders Nate I Nate n’t know ! I thought he would Sanders dropped out by now . Maybe we ’ll find out tonight . Toni I Toni like to follow up on your big project last week : " There Are More White Voters Than People Think . That ’s Good News for Trump . " I ’m curious about the reaction to it , whether some people might have misunderstood it . it Coulter , for example , who drove quite a few readers to the article among her supporters Ann Coulter the right , said it confirmed the right she ’s Ann Coulter saying all along . Nate I do n’t know what she said Ann Coulter Toni Well , there were a lot of tweets , about 10 . Like this : And this : A lot of criticism of Mitt Romney ’s strategy , and a feeling that Republicans should focus on the white vote and not the Hispanic vote . Nate I Nate n’t think she ’s Ann Coulter misinterpreting it , from what I see here . I do think it ’s it to assume that Trump can mobilize a large pool of white voters who have n’t voted in any recent election , especially with virtually no field operation to register and mobilize them . white voters who haven’t voted in any recent election I do think Coulter ’s basic point in that link from March   —    that there ’s a lot of room for Trump to Trump among white voters in the North , and that the national white vote in 2012 is misleading   —    is basically right . I doubt the G. O. P. will make big gains among Northern whites by pursuing the sort of messages and policies that Coulter prefers , but that ’s a separate question . Toni But you also agree with Harry Enten of FiveThirtyEight that your data about the electorate is largely a reason to think current polls are correct . And the current polls show a fairly significant move in Clinton ’s direction . Nate Sure . Whether Trump is taking advantage of the theoretical opening for a conservative populist candidate to win among white voters is a very different question from whether such an opening exists . He ’s Trump is taking advantage of the theoretical opening for a conservative populist candidate to win among white voters way too much support among    and nonwhite voters , at least right now . Toni On the question of " missing white voters , " you have suggested that they are white voters likely to be young white Democrats , people more likely to " feel the Bern " than to vote for Trump . Nate Yes . Toni And Toni announcement last week that President Obama and Clinton would travel together to Green Bay ( a trip postponed because of the terror attack ) seemed to dovetail with your conclusions . Whites in Wisconsin are fairly fond of Obama , Obama at least more fond than people might have thought . Nate Wisconsin Wisconsin great state for Obama , Obama it ’s never Wisconsin a great state for Clinton . Clinton beat her Wisconsin almost Wisconsin points there in the 2008 Democratic primary , and she lost it Wisconsin Sanders the 2008 Democratic primary 14 points this year . Obama won Obama state by a great state for Clinton in 2012 , which was much better than John Kerry or Al Gore did . Toni   We ’re going to try hard not to focus on individual polls   —    the average of polls is what people should look at . The recent Bloomberg survey showed Clinton ahead by 12 , but as you pointed out on Twitter , " Almost exactly four years ago :    shows Obama up 13 points over Romney . " Obama wound up winning Obama only four points . Still , some of the numbers are scary for Trump : the percentage who say they could never vote some of the numbers him ( 55 ) Obama the percentage of women who say they could never vote some of the numbers him ( 63 ) Obama Nate Most of the polls right now show a tighter race than Bloomberg does , so I think most of those numbers should be taken with caution .   Toni What about recent ratings that show Trump at a staggering 70 percent unfavorable ? Should we shrug because it ’s too early ? Nate Well , this Nate been his big problem for Nate . In March and April , the same poll had his unfavorable rating at Nate percent . It ’s obviously going to be very difficult for him to win if Nate ca n’t change Nate public ’s view . In particular , I think it ’s very hard for him so long as Nate majority of Americans have a " strongly " unfavorable view . The    poll has n’t had it less than 48 The   poll all year , and it ’s 56 percent The   poll this particular survey . Toni The Bloomberg poll numbers show that people trust Trump slightly Trump on terrorism than Clinton . So that Clinton one potential way he could improve his numbers . But he you in the camp that believes it ’s too early to tell how the issue will play after Orlando ? Nate I ’m not a big fan of issue questions in analyzing the race , so I do n’t think it ’s worth spending too much time dwelling on who can best handle the economy or terrorism . I think the biggest indicator I would watch is President Obama ’s Obama rating . If the attack the terror attack toll on his numbers , as the San Bernardino and Paris attacks seemed to , then that ’s probably a good sign for Trump . Trump NBC News reported that the Clinton side is putting up Clinton in Colorado , Florida , Iowa , Nevada , New Hampshire , Ohio , North Carolina and Nevada . But not Pennsylvania Nevada Nate Yeah , which is a little strange to me . There are basically two views of Pennsylvania . One is that not Pennsylvania ’s sort of fool ’s gold for the G. the G. O. P. ’s fairly close but the Democrats have a big party registration advantage and generate huge margins out of Philadelphia . The other view is that it was pretty close in 2012   —    closer than Iowa , Nevada , New Hampshire , and basically Iowa same Nevada Colorado New Hampshire    it has trended slightly toward Colorado G. O. P. with respect the G. O. P. the last decade or so , and it does n’t have very many nonwhite voters . I have a slightly the country view , which is that I think Pennsylvania is as good a state as any for Trump , Trump if not Pennsylvania ’s not a great one . So , I take the point the country it ’s a huge long shot . But just about everything is a the country shot for Trump at this point , and I ’m not Trump it ’s harder for him the point that it’s a huge long shot state like Colorado or Virginia , Trump are better educated and more diverse , Colorado if they have less Democratic voting traditions . Toni Trump recently said : " I a state like Colorado or Virginia, which are better educated and more diverse I Trump polling a very important thing . ’Cause I never used to hear about polls . " He seems so obsessed with polls that I wonder if Trump will drive him nuts if he stays behind . If he ’s Trump into the Trump , I could imagine Trump attempt by his side to say the polls are inaccurate   — Trump like the the Clinton side polls " movement from many Republicans in 2012 . ( They insisted that the polls were wrong and that Romney would win ) . If it comes to that the polls and Romney like Nate Silver and others will be asked repeatedly to assess that claim and address the accuracy of polls . I could see that becoming a big part of your life for a few months   —    sorry . Nate Absolutely . Nate was pretty annoying in 2012 . Toni Are you Toni ? Nate I ’ll Nate it . In recent weeks , Nate and Toni Nate whether Toni superdelegate system should survive looked into claims from Sanders supporters that Sanders were rigged and looked askance at surveys showing Sanders outperforming Clinton Sanders polling against Donald Trump . 
 Trump Clinton 