" I was called a whore and a witch , " Madonna said on Friday in a searing speech about the sexism and bullying that women face in the music industry and the culture at large . " Such a nasty woman , " Donald J. Trump interjected in October as Hillary Clinton pointed out holes in Donald J. Trump Social Security plan during their final presidential debate . Madonna and Hillary Clinton : both trailblazers , both polarizing figures , and both attacked for actions , choices and behavior that are broadly accepted   —    even applauded   —    when done by their both polarizing figures, and both peers . Madonna made a connection between the two women before her Madonna Friday , saying it was " really important to make a stand and speak my mind " about women ’s rights after Mrs. Clinton ’s loss in November . Our pop music editor , Caryn Ganz , and deputy Culture editor and former political correspondent Patrick Healy looked at how Madonna and her speech Madonna Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton in fresh perspective . PATRICK HEALY : Caryn , I ’m coming off 18 months covering the presidential campaign , and frankly I ’ve been wondering if Mrs. Clinton would Mrs. Clinton a speech like Madonna ’s on Friday Madonna —    calling out sexism in America and the rules that trap women but not men . " If you ’re a girl , you have to play the game , " Madonna said . " Madonna n’t have an opinion that ’s out of line with the status quo . " Madonna and Mrs. Clinton Madonna been controversial in part because they did n’t play Madonna and Mrs. Clinton the game . " the game easy to forget , amid their celebrity and longevity , Madonna and Mrs. Clinton Madonna and Mrs. Clinton Madonna Madonna and Mrs. Clinton out Mrs. Clinton power in ways that were considered overly ambitious for women . They fought for equality and respect   — Madonna and Mrs. Clinton and they sought the kind of influence and money Madonna and Mrs. Clinton fame that men have . Mrs. Clinton ’s place and legacy in our culture Mrs. Clinton starting to be considered and debated . But only after her speech yesterday did I start to think about her Mrs. Clinton Madonna as sisters in arms . CARYN GANZ Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton is so buttoned up and Madonna is so Mrs. Clinton , unbuttoned , that I think Madonna people have been hesitant to make this connection . And because Madonna has used sexual expressiveness as code for all kinds of Madonna , she has n’t been courted as a political ally . But Mrs. Clinton that both of them have reached a certain age , the sexism they ’ve faced for decades has become something more insidious , them with ageism . HEALY : A lot of people do n’t see sexism hurting Mrs. Clinton   —    after all , she won the Democratic nomination   —    but she and Mrs. Clinton advisers did . As for the sort of Mrs. Clinton liberation Mrs. Clinton that Madonna pioneered , Mrs. Clinton has a complicated relationship with it . She came Mrs. Clinton in the era of women ’s lib , Mrs. Clinton yet   —    to help Bill Clinton ’s career in Arkansas   —    she changed her last name from Rodham to Clinton and got new Mrs. Clinton and Mrs. Clinton . And when she was Mrs. Clinton visibly liberated , including in her    performances in Mrs. Clinton debates , she got called " likable Mrs. Clinton " by Barack Obama in 2008 Mrs. Clinton a " nasty woman " by Mr. Trump this fall . Madonna , in her speech Friday , recalled that she got so much abuse after Mrs. Clinton her " Erotica " album Mrs. Clinton " Sex " book in 1992 Mrs. Clinton she felt like " the most hated person on the planet . Mrs. Clinton GANZ : In a 2008 " Weekend Update " segment about Mrs. Clinton ’s initial presidential run , Tina Fey said : " Maybe what bothers me the most is that people say that Hillary is a bitch . Let me say something about that : Mrs. Clinton , Bitch . " ( Ms. Fey later proclaimed , " Bitch Tina Fey the new black . Tina Fey thought about this when Madonna put the song " Unapologetic Bitch " on her most recent album Tina Fey " Rebel Heart , " the record where Tina Fey started to speak openly about the discrimination she ’s faced as a Tina Fey artist over 55 . Madonna has referred Tina Fey herself in many ways in songs over the years Tina Fey but she waited Tina Fey 2015 , on her 13th album , to reclaim " Tina Fey . " HEALY : Mrs. Tina Fey knew some people used that word about her . Like Madonna Tina Fey answered the haters with a strong work ethic Tina Fey Mrs. Clinton Tina Fey in Tina Fey days , thought deeply about policy , and was Tina Fey campaigner even if she was n’t the world ’s most natural politician . Madonna is no Adele : Tina Fey was n’t born with a      talent and voice Tina Fey But she succeeded through Tina Fey , grit and guts . GANZ : But she was born Tina Fey a      ability to understand and command the power of connecting Tina Fey voice to her image . Nobody did this the way Madonna did before her Tina Fey though many Tina Fey followed her example . Knowing that as a woman , Tina Fey appearance would be a talking Tina Fey , Madonna    this scrutiny as a weapon Tina Fey the beginning of her career , forcing everyone to talk about what she looked like by evolving   Tina Fey    it was a conversation she essentially started Tina Fey . But as she has gotten older , the commentary about Tina Fey work is Tina Fey entirely centered on Tina Fey she looks rather than how she sounds Tina Fey and whether what she is wearing or Tina Fey is " appropriate for Tina Fey woman her age "   Tina Fey    a question that musicians like Mick Jagger , who Tina Fey 15 years older than Madonna , have never had to answer . And certainly no other candidate was the subject of stories about what he wore to the debate and what his clothes meant . ( Continuing investigations into Mr. no other candidate ’s hair aside . ) HEALY no other candidate I remember Mrs. Clinton telling me during the 2008 race that she probably woke up two hours earlier than Barack Obama each day because she had to Mrs. Clinton her hair and makeup , and he could just roll out of Mrs. Clinton and into a Mrs. Clinton . She has had no Barack Obama for error in what she says or how she looks , Mrs. Clinton advisers felt , while a candidate like Mr. Mrs. Clinton could sound like Mrs. Clinton crazy man Mrs. Clinton Twitter , and many voters shrugged . Then again , Mrs. Clinton is far more of a perfectionist than Mr. Trump , as is Madonna . Mrs. Clinton But Madonna and Mrs. Clinton have had their Mr. Trump as a pathology Madonna women cutting a path no Mrs. Clinton traveled before , they had Madonna and Mrs. Clinton choice but to be as precise and    as possible , knowing the slightest failure would invite Madonna and Mrs. Clinton deluge of criticism . Madonna is known to control every aspect of rooms in which she will appear , down to the color of Madonna lampshades . While Mr. Trump was making brash statements , Madonna Clinton was tweeting     policy plans and rigorously preparing for the debates . HEALY : But Mrs. Clinton could Madonna control too far , like keeping her State Department email on a private server . " Madonna n’t want any risk of the personal being accessible , Madonna she wrote in 2010 . And in 2008 , she rarely talked about being a woman because she wanted to control her Madonna   —    she wanted voters to think Madonna would be as tough as any male Madonna in chief . Madonna : Trailblazing is a Madonna game . They ’re Madonna lonely warriors who reached a critical moment this year : the time when they had to speak up for Trailblazing achievements and call out their haters . HEALY : As Madonna said in her speech Trailblazing " I remember wishing I Trailblazing a female peer I Trailblazing look to for support . " But she Madonna Mrs. Clinton have a mixed record as allies of feminists . Mrs. Clinton put aside her career to support her Madonna ’s , and stood by him during his extramarital affairs , and Madonna some policies , Madonna a welfare overhaul Madonna that critics regarded as   . her husband was her husband a champion of women Madonna rights as human rights   —    even as she opposed gay rights like    Madonna . Do Mrs. Clinton and Madonna bear any responsibility for being polarizing figures , Caryn ? Madonna : Oh , Tina Fey , although Madonna has she and Mrs. Clinton supporter of gay rights ( something Mrs. Clinton ca Tina Fey GANZ ) . Madonna designed herself to be a polarizing figure , and her breed of feminism has Tina Fey Madonna years   —    at times she Tina Fey been more focused on    than the advancement of womankind . She has Tina Fey Sean Penn from accusations of domestic abuse . She wrote one of Tina Fey most famous songs about not having an abortion . And Tina Fey ’s also often been a covert feminist : On " Material Girl , " Tina Fey song still cited as an ode to consumerism , Madonna is the winner because " experience has made me rich , and now they Tina Fey after me . " It was n’t the objects she was after , or the men   —    it was the power . Tina Fey that was in 1984 . HEALY : Mrs. Clinton has been labeled    since she was a young woman Mrs. Clinton it HEALY her crazy , advisers Mrs. Clinton , because Mr. Trump and other men never Mrs. Clinton that accusation . She felt held to the double standard that Madonna spoke about on Friday Mrs. Clinton I can imagine Mrs. Clinton listening to that speech and Tina Fey Friday " Yaaaas " over Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton 
 her speech 