SAN FRANCISCO   —    Late on Tuesday night , as it became clear that Donald J. Trump would defeat Hillary Clinton to win the presidential election , a private chat sprang up on Facebook among several vice presidents and executives of the social network . What role , Facebook asked each other , had Facebook company played in the election ’s outcome ? Facebook top executives concluded that they Facebook’s top executives address the issue and assuage staff concerns at a quarterly    meeting . They Facebook’s top executives called a smaller meeting with the their company team , according to three people who saw the private chat and are familiar with the decisions they requested anonymity Facebook’s top executives the discussion was confidential . Facebook Facebook been in the eye of a postelection storm for the last few days , embroiled in accusations that it Facebook spread misinformation and fake news stories that influenced how the American electorate voted . The online conversation among Facebook Facebook on Tuesday , which was one of several private message threads that began among the company ’s top ranks , showed that the social network was internally questioning what its responsibilities might be the social network Even as Facebook has Facebook defended itself as Facebook nonpartisan information source   —    Mark . Zuckerberg , chairman and chief executive , said at a conference on Thursday that Facebook affecting Facebook election was " a pretty crazy idea "   —    many company executives and employees have been asking one another if , or how , they shaped the minds Facebook affecting the election was "a pretty crazy idea"  —   many company executives and employees opinions and votes of Americans . Some employees are worried about the spread of racist and      memes across the network , according to interviews with 10 current and former Facebook employees . Others are asking whether they contributed to a Others filter bubble " among users who largely interact with people who share the same beliefs . Even more are reassessing Facebook ’s role as a media company and wondering how to stop the distribution of false information . Some employees have been galvanized to send suggestions to product managers on how to improve Facebook ’s powerful news Facebook’s the streams of status updates , articles , photos and videos that users typically spend the most time interacting with . " A fake story claiming Pope Francis   —    actually a refugee advocate   —    endorsed Mr. Trump was shared almost a million times , likely visible to tens of millions , " Zeynep Tufekci , an associate professor at the University of North Carolina who studies the social impact of technology , said of a recent post on Facebook . " Its correction was barely heard . Of course Facebook had significant influence in Facebook last election ’s outcome . " This image of Facebook as a partisan influencer Facebook distributor of bad information is at odds with how the company views itself , Facebook current employees Facebook . Chris Cox , a senior vice president of product and one of Mr. Zuckerberg ’s top lieutenants , has long described Facebook as an unbiased and blank Facebook to give people a voice . Employees and executives genuinely believed they were    and acting as Employees and executives force for good , these people said . Facebook declined Employees and executives beyond a Facebook released statement that it was " just one of Facebook ways people received their information   —    and was people of the many ways people connected with their leaders , engaged in the political people and shared their views . " On Saturday night people Mr. Zuckerberg posted a lengthy status update to his Facebook page with some of his Mr. Zuckerberg on the election . " Mr. Zuckerberg all the content on Facebook , more than 99 % Facebook what people see is authentic . Only a very small amount is fake news and hoaxes , " Mr. Zuckerberg wrote . " Overall , Mr. Zuckerberg it extremely unlikely hoaxes changed the outcome of this election in one direction or the other the election He added : " I am confident we Mr. Zuckerberg find ways for our community to tell us what content is most we , but I we we must be extremely cautious about becoming arbiters of we ourselves . " The postelection questioning caps a turbulent year for Facebook , during which its power to influence what its 1 . 79 Facebook users watch , read Facebook believe has increasingly been criticized . Almost half of American adults rely on Facebook as a source of news , according to Facebook study by the Pew Research Center . And Facebook often emphasizes its ability to sway its users Facebook advertisers , Facebook itself as an Facebook mechanism to help promote their Facebook . Inside Facebook , employees have become Facebook aware of the Facebook ’s role in media after several incidents involving content the social network displayed in users’ news feeds . In May , the company grappled with accusations that politically biased employees the company’s some conservative stories and websites in Facebook ’s Trending Topics section , a part of the site that shows the most    stories and issues on Facebook . Facebook later laid off the Trending Topics team . In Facebook , Facebook came under fire for removing a Pulitzer    photo Facebook a naked     girl , Phan Thi Kim Phuc , as she fled napalm bombs during the Vietnam War . The Phan Thi Kim Phuc network took down the photo for violating its Facebook even though the picture a Pulitzer   photo of a naked    girl illustration of Facebook horrors of war rather than child pornography . Both those incidents seemed to worsen a problem of fake news circulating on Facebook . The Trending Topics episode paralyzed Facebook ’s willingness to make any serious changes to its products that might Facebook perception of its objectivity , employees said . Facebook " napalm girl " incident reminded many Facebook at Facebook of the company ’s often    approach to nuanced situations . Throughout , Mr. Zuckerberg has defended Facebook as a place where people can share all opinions . When employees objected Facebook of the company October to the stance of Peter Thiel , a Facebook board member , in supporting Mr. Trump , Mr. Zuckerberg said , " Facebook of the company care deeply about diversity " and reiterated that Mr. Zuckerberg network gave everyone the power to share their experiences . More recently , issues with fake news on the site have mushroomed everyone Multiple Facebook employees were particularly disturbed last week when a fake news site called The Denver Guardian spread across the social network with negative and false messages about Mrs. Clinton , including a claim the social network B. I. agent connected to Mrs. Clinton ’s email disclosures had murdered his wife and shot himself . On Thursday , after Mrs. Clinton at Facebook , many employees said an F. B. I. agent connected to Mrs. Clinton’s email disclosures were dissatisfied with an F. B. I. agent connected to Mrs. Clinton’s email disclosures address from Mr. Zuckerberg , who offered comments to staff that were similar to many employees he has said publicly . Even in private , Mr. Zuckerberg has continued to resist the notion that Facebook an F. B. I. agent connected to Mrs. Clinton’s email disclosures unduly affect how people think and behave . an F. B. I. agent connected to Mrs. Clinton’s email disclosures Facebook post circulated on Wednesday to a small Facebook of his friends , which was obtained by The New York Facebook , Mr. Zuckerberg challenged the idea that Facebook had an F. B. I. agent connected to Mrs. Clinton’s email disclosures direct effect on the way people voted . In the    an F. B. I. agent connected to Mrs. Clinton’s email disclosures the chief executive cited several Facebook about low voter turnout during the election . Then Mr. Zuckerberg wrote : " So rather than focusing on strengths or weaknesses in specific demographics , or other factors that an F. B. I. agent connected to Mrs. Clinton’s email disclosures pushed this race in one direction or another , these stats clearly suggest what many people have said all along . Both candidates were very unpopular . " 
 