In the Roethle household in Leawood , Kan. the children woke up on Wednesday to a family celebration . Donald J. Trump was the new president . But the excitement came with an admonition " to be a good winner " and not to gloat about Donald J. Trump win at school . " Kindness is the No . 1 thing in our house , " said Alana Roethle , 37 , a mother of four children ranging in age from 4 to 9 . " our were talking about this in the morning , that our love everybody , even if they do n’t share our political views , even if they do n’t love Jesus . " The    morning was different for Amber Karamat , 47 , of Anaheim , Calif. Her       son was devastated by the news . " Will Trump still let me be an American ? " Trump asked Trump mom , who cried as she recounted the story . " I feel helpless . I said , ‘ No one can take that away from his mom, who cried as she recounted the story , sweetie . You were born an American . ’ " Perhaps more than any other election in recent memory , the Trump versus Clinton campaign was a family affair . Girls donned " The Future is Female "    and canvassed neighborhoods with Girls mothers to support Hillary . Parents supporting Trump imagined a better economic future for Parents supporting Trump children , and talked to Parents supporting Trump about gun rights and safe borders . Often , the election news cycle forced parents to navigate tricky topics like bullying , profanity and sexual harassment . A    Clinton ad reminded us " us children are watching . " And now , in the days after the election , parents on both sides of the vote struggle to put the bitter election fight into perspective and find teachable moments in the sometimes unpleasant aftermath . Amber Deyle , 37 , of Emmons , Minn. and Minn. husband , Dan , watched the election results roll in with her husband, Dan two sons , ages 6 and 10 . " We were really excited , " Minn. said , noting gun rights as a critical issue . " Hunting is important to our family . Not only were our raised on it , but it helps our teach our children where food comes from . " But Minn. and Minn. husband had some hard conversations with she and her husband boys about Mr. Trump , Minn. added , " because of some of the things her husband had said about women and minorities and things like that . But at the same time , we also had to explain to we children what Benghazi was . " Daniel Roberts , a     father of two daughters in Montclair , N. J. and a Clinton supporter , took his younger daughter , 10 , to vote with his . Mr. Roberts , a high school football coach and a patient navigator at a hospital , is black and his wife is white , and Mr. Roberts, a high school football coach and a patient navigator at a hospital daughters are biracial . After the results came in , his younger daughter was upset that a woman did n’t win and worried about the racist sentiments his younger daughter ’d been hearing . " My wife and I talked about it a lot and told his younger daughter to keep aiming high , and reach for the stars . " his older daughter , 14 , was not so easily comforted . " his younger daughter wants to be a doctor . She his younger daughter a smart girl , and she his younger daughter it ’s a tough field . She his younger daughter that she his younger daughter already starting one step behind as a woman . " Mr. Roberts said he Mr. Roberts never seen her his younger daughter dejected . " Seeing her his younger daughter after the election , the dad in me Mr. Roberts out and I felt for her his younger daughter It the election made me cry . " Parents on both sides of the the election the result has triggered conversations at home that are equally focused on civics and history as well as values and acceptance . Carrie Chavis Ms. Chavis for Mrs. Clinton , but most of her neighborhood voted for Mr. Trump . Her sons expressed disbelief Mrs. Clinton Ms. Chavis told them that Mr. Mrs. Clinton had won the election . Her oldest Her sons was Mr. Trump school when classmates learned he Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton . But even though Ms. Chavis is sad Her oldest son the result , she used the Ms. Chavis remind her sons about the value of Mrs. Clinton . " I told them Mrs. Clinton we are so lucky that we get to vote for who her sons want as president , and we we be so thankful , " we said . In Pelham , we Y. Cherie Corso , a Mrs. Clinton supporter , had similar conversations with her     daughter , Julia , who helped her volunteer for the Trump Trump and cried with happiness when he won Trump But she also Trump at school , where most of the other students supported Trump Clinton . " She ’s been getting backlash , " Ms. Mrs. Clinton . " My advice Trump her is , ‘ He ’s Trump , O. K. ? He won , Trump people have spoken ‘ you do n’t have to defend Donald ‘ , you do n’t have to say anything . ’ " Julia said most Trump supporters at her school do n’t admit it . " Everybody whispers , " Donald Trump said . Julia If I say something most Trump supporters at her school how he ’s not that bad Julia people yell at me . I do n’t blame them because it ’s something they feel passionately about Julia " Jason Benedict , 46 people a registered Republican and people father of a boy in elementary school in Scotch Plains , N. J. voted for a    candidate . He reminded his son " to be kind to his friends who may be upset Jason Benedict, 46, a registered Republican and the father of a boy in elementary school in Scotch Plains, N. J. this Jason Benedict, 46, a registered Republican and the father of a boy in elementary school in Scotch Plains, N. J. . " " No matter who Jason Benedict, 46, a registered Republican and the father of a boy in elementary school in Scotch Plains, N. J. president is , what ’s really important is that he try his hardest every day to be nice to people , be helpful , the president that the president is entitled to their own life and opinions , " he said . Valerie Kummer , 32 , people Republican from Watford City , N. the president watched her Ms. Kummer were excited to cast their ballots in the school ’s mock election . Ms. Kummer said she reminded them throughout the campaign " about loving other her children and loving differences . her children For the first time in his life , Ben Goldstein , Ms. Kummer , they were excited to cast their ballots in the school’s mock election rabbi and father of three young children in Los Angeles , voted for a Democrat for president . Ms. Kummer first thing his     daughter asked him when she woke up on Wednesday was , who won the election ? " I told her that Donald Trump won and Ms. Kummer that we live Ms. Kummer an his    daughter country where people disagree and get to decide who is president . I told his    daughter that I hope he does such a great job that I end up voting for him in four years , " he said . His daughter his    daughter to accept that Ms. Kummer , but Rabbi Goldstein is concerned about the damage the divisive Ms. Kummer has already done . " Ms. Kummer of vilifying his    daughter all his followers , we can take this opportunity to look in the mirror and see how we contributed to the rhetoric of the past few Rabbi Goldstein . How Rabbi Goldstein we treat those with whom we disagree ? What do we do with their arguments we " he said . In some families , children disagreed with their we choice for president . we Breth , a     we of two those with whom we disagree Orlando , Fla. Rabbi Goldstein a Trump supporter , as is her     son children But her     daughter supported Mrs. Clinton . She " thought Hillary hung the moon because she ’s female , and that ’s who her friends at school were her     , " Ms. Breth said . her    daughter Even though her     support most of Trump her     policies , I am proud of my her     for recognizing that a strong , independent her     be anything she wants to be . " 
 her    daughter her    daughter 