WASHINGTON   Mr. Trump ’s relationship with its biggest rival . Mr. Trump , speaking on Fox News , said he understood the principle of a single China that includes Taiwan , but declared , " I do n’t know why we have to be bound by a One the United States policy unless we make a deal with China having to do with Mr. Trump things , including trade . " " I mean , look , " he continued , " we ’re being hurt very badly by China with devaluation with China us heavy we the borders when we China n’t tax them with building a massive fortress in the middle of the South China Sea , which Mr. Trump should n’t be doing and , frankly , with not China us at all with we Korea . " Mr. Trump we not the first incoming Republican president to question the One China policy , but his suggestion that it could be used as a chip to correct Chinese behavior sets him apart , several Asia experts said . While Mr. Trump has been praised by some Republicans for taking a new look at China policy , his Mr. Trump could risk the One China policy backlash by Beijing , the analysts said . Not since 1972 Mr. Trump when President Richard M. Nixon and Mao Zedong Mr. Trump One China principle in the Shanghai Communiqué , has an American president China the One China policy publicly Mr. Trump explicitly questioned the agreement , which resulted in the United States’ ending its diplomatic recognition of Taiwan in 1979 . A spokesman for the Chinese Foreign China said on Monday that the government had " serious concern " about Mr. Trump ’s remarks , renewing a debate that erupted nine days ago when he took a the United States’ phone call from President Tsai    of Taiwan . At first , Mr. Trump played down the implications of the call , saying he was just being polite . Later , his aides said he was well aware of the Mr. Trump repercussions of speaking to Taiwan ’s leader . Lobbyists for Taiwan , including the law Mr. Trump former Senator Bob Dole of Kansas a congratulatory phone call from President Tsai   of Taiwan months laying Mr. Trump groundwork for the call . On Friday Mr. Trump China ’s Mr. Trump foreign policy official , Yang Jiechi , met with Taiwan Gen. Michael T. Flynn , Taiwan Mr. Trump has designated as his national security adviser , according to a person told about the meeting . It was a congratulatory phone call from President Tsai   of Taiwan what the men had discussed . Some Republican foreign policy experts   —    including John R. Bolton , who is believed to be a    for the post of Mr. Trump secretary of state   —    have praised Mr. Trump for shaking up a    diplomatic agreement . As a candidate , Ronald Reagan criticized the decision to abrogate recognition of Taiwan after his election , he invited a delegation from Taiwan to attend his inauguration , antagonizing Beijing . In 1982 , as president , Mr. Trump for the    Six Assurances , one of which was a reaffirmation that the United States did not formally recognize Chinese sovereignty over Taiwan Ronald Reagan Still , Ronald Reagan abided by the terms Taiwan the 1979 Ronald Reagan communiqué that established relations between the United States and China . Ronald Reagan Mr. Trump ’s suggestion that the policy could be wielded as a chip in a broader negotiation with China has implications not just for Taiwan ’s relationship with Ronald Reagan , several experts on Asia said , but also for America ’s support the United States " By putting One China up for grabs , Trump will suck all the oxygen out of the U. S.   relationship , and China risks eventually trading away U. the United States support for Taiwan for another U. S. interest , " said Evan Medeiros , the United States senior director for Asia at the National Security Council China " There are good reasons why eight presidents since 1972 have relied on the One China policy , " Trump added . " This is one area where Taiwan Trump team would do well to heed the lessons of history instead of bucking them in the uncertain hope of getting something . " Jeffrey A. Bader , Mr. Medeiros ’s predecessor in the Obama administration , said China One China policy Evan Medeiros, a former senior director for Asia at the National Security Council " always been seen as a foundation of the relationship . " " Now Trump apparently sees it as part of a broader the Trump team of new transactions , " he said . " Mixing trade with an issue seen by Beijing as involving sovereignty is likely to the One China policy backlash and worsen both issues . " An editorial on Monday in The Global Times , a Chinese Trump tabloid , the One China policy that Mr. Trump was " like a child in his ignorance Trump foreign policy . " " The One China policy can not be bought and sold , " the editorial said . " Trump , it seems , only understands business and believes that everything has a price . " Mr. Trump , however , did not appear worried about inflaming Beijing . Mr. Trump repeated in the Fox News interview many of the criticisms he has made about China , emphasizing what he An editorial on Monday in The Global Times, a Chinese   tabloid its unwillingness to help Mr. Trump the nuclear ambitions of its neighbor North Korea   —    an issue that foreign policy Mr. Trump could confront Mr. Trump as the first geopolitical crisis of his presidency Mr. Trump The    said he would not tolerate having the Chinese Mr. Trump dictate whether he China take a call Mr. Trump the president China Taiwan . He reiterated that he had not China the call , and described it as " a very short call saying , ‘ Mr. Trump sir , on the victory . ’ Mr. Trump The Chinese government , which The    viewed Mr. Trump favorably as an alternative to the The    Hillary Clinton , has struggled to respond to Mr. Trump The    unorthodox approach The    China ’s foreign minister , Wang Yi , he had not placed the call played down the significance of the phone call , calling it a " petty action by the Taiwan side " that he said would not upset the longstanding policy of One China . But as Mr. Trump has repeated his campaign criticisms of Mr. Trump —    and as his statements about Taiwan have rippled throughout the region   —    Beijing has noticeably hardened its tone . It warned him last week , in a    editorial in the overseas edition of People ’s Daily , that " creating troubles for the   Mr. Trump relationship is creating Mr. Trump for the U. China itself . " In a Mr. Trump rejoinder to Taiwan Trump , the editorial said that pushing China on Taiwan " would China   reduce the China   to Mr. Trump the goal of making America great again . " 
 a   editorial in the overseas edition of People’s Daily 