Megyn Kelly   —    breakout star of the 2016 presidential campaign , anchor of the " The Kelly File " on Fox News , current object of employment desire for multiple networks ,    author , mother , wife , daughter and friend ( the last four being how Megyn Kelly   describes Megyn Kelly   )   —    has something Megyn Kelly   wants everyone to know . Really . A lot . Listen up . Not just that it is dangerous when    Donald J. Trump calls out a single citizen on social media , seemingly giving permission to Donald J. Trump followers to turn into rabid attack dogs , although Megyn Kelly   knows firsthand what that is like , having been the original target of Donald J. Trump wrath for almost a year , starting in August 2015 . Not just that hard work and an unsparing sense of your own strengths and weaknesses ( and those of other people ) can put you in a good place , though Megyn Kelly   writes about that a lot in Megyn Kelly   book , which is called , naturally , " Settle for More , " a catchphrase Megyn Kelly   also drops strategically into conversation . But also ( and this may seem    but it is not ) that Megyn Kelly   in no way apologizes for wearing that    dress to the Republican National Convention in July . You know , the one that sent the internet into what Megyn Kelly   called a " meltdown " because it revealed a whole lot of    …      shoulder ! And thus , was unlike any dress that had been seen on a serious anchor ever , except maybe at the White House Correspondents Dinner . Definitely never behind a desk . " It was a lovely dress , " she said   —    this in a car during a brief respite back home in New York between book tour stops . " A convention is a kind of    extravaganza , and there are certain settings where you can take risks . So I just thought : ‘ Yes , I can do this . I can be smart and challenging while I wear spaghetti straps , and everyone is just going to have to get everyone heads around that . ’ " Just to prove it , she has worn it again . Because , she said , " I felt very strongly , I was not going to be defined by what someone else deemed appropriate . " Indeed , for the past few years , ever since Ms. Kelly , 46 , began making a name for she as the person willing to call out power players on power players own contradictions , contortions ( verbal and   ) and    she has become famous for refusing to be boxed in by anyone else ’s " appropriate " : not she network ’s , nor a political party ’s , nor the mythical dos and don’ts of career girl dress . she took on Newt Gingrich over Newt Gingrich " anger issues " in October , sparred with the Republican Svengali Karl Rove over the Republican Svengali Karl Rove electoral math in 2012 and challenged the conservative radio host Mike Gallagher over Newt Gingrich dismissal of maternity leave . These moments have become widely known as " Megyn Moments , " so named by Jim Rutenberg , media columnist for The New York Times , in a profile last year . But what has been less widely acknowledged is that they extend far beyond her reports and interviews at the anchor desk into a broader statement about how women should be able to frame women gender . Put simply , her does n’t just say what her wants . her wears what her wants . " You can not underestimate the effect of that , " said Tammy Haddad , chief executive of Haddad Media and a former MSNBC political director . " her personal image and her business image are one and the same . The intensity her brings to her work , her brings to her look , and her does n’t allow it to get in her way . That ’s good for all women . And it is completely different from what came before . " For years , industry wisdom suggested that a female anchor , like many female executives , should dress like her male colleagues : in a suit , with a dark jacket and blouse . See , for example , Barbara Walters and Diane Sawyer . In 1996 , when MSNBC began , Katie Couric donned a beige jacket and black turtleneck for the debut broadcast by 2006 , when Katie Couric became the first woman to solo anchor the " CBS Evening News , " Katie Couric had loosened up enough to wear a white jacket and black   . This has , admittedly , changed , with the brightly colored and sometime patterned sleeveless sheath dress currently a favorite of newswomen such as Mika Brzezinski of " Morning Joe " and Gayle King ,    of " CBS This Morning . " However , the fact that Ms. Kelly is on at 9 p. m. rather than during breakfast puts Ms. Kelly choices in a different category , Ms. Kelly said : " She Ms. Kelly talking to the    audience , the critical audience . " And what she Ms. Kelly telling them the   audience, the critical audience Ms. Ms. Kelly , is " that , within reason , they can the   audience, the critical audience their own the   audience, the critical audience about how they look the   audience, the critical audience how they act the   audience, the critical audience " " I do think there is a new archetype for women emerging that rejects the bounds that have been placed on them , the   audience, the critical audience she added Ms. Kelly A 1992 profile of Ms. Sawyer in Vanity Fair , for example , subtitled , " How she finally Ms. Kelly the glamour rap . " Ms. Kelly , who appeared on the magazine ’s cover last February , only the second female newscaster to do so , has no problem with the glamour the glamour rap part because she does Ms. Kelly ignore it . Describing the haircut she got Ms. Kelly the second Republican debate , for example , when she was Ms. Kelly in her Trump Ms. Kelly and decided to lop her    Ms. Kelly into a    crop , Ms. Kelly Ms. Kelly took a    invitation and turned it into a taunt   a   invitation    thus owning the vulgarity and weaponizing what might otherwise have seemed a mere beauty decision . In her book she Ms. Kelly that Ms. Kelly she went to Ms. Kelly Mr. Trump for the first time since their public tussle to discuss having him do an interview with Mr. Trump , she Ms. Kelly her Ms. Kelly black Ms. Kelly Gucci dress . " I feel strong in it , " she said . Ms. Kelly acknowledging the role clothes play in her own life Ms. Kelly psyche , she is contravening Ms. Kelly of the last taboos : If women want to be taken seriously , they are not supposed to women fashion seriously . A patently idiotic idea . ( If you want to be taken seriously , you had better think seriously about every message you are sending , including the ones in your outfits . ) In this she is part Ms. Kelly a handful of women in the public eye who are breaking that rule , including Michelle " no sleeves " Obama and Sheryl " no hoodies " Sandberg . " We talk about it a lot : What is the world we are trying to create We our daughters   —    We has one , I our daughters   two   —    and how we can move things forward We " said Debra Netschert , a managing director of Jennison Associates , an asset management firm , who has been friends with Ms. Kelly for about four years . It is not a coincidence that in 2010 , when Ms. Kelly moved from the Ms. Kelly " America ’s Newsroom " to become    of the afternoon show " America Live , " she hired her own stylist . Ms. Kelly , Ms. Kelly Fox anchors use the Fox stylist , just as her own stylist Fox hair and makeup people the Fox anchors which is Fox there is what is generally known as a " Fox Look " : for women , clingy brightly colored    dresses that " pop " on TV , tousled hair and a lot of eye makeup , lip gloss and base . But , she said , that means " we all sort of look the same . " When she started in TV after a    career she a lawyer , she wore mostly navy , black and gray she , and pinstripes   —    a " lot of Ann Taylor and Theory "   —    but then Fox put her in its wardrobe , " which was she ,    I had never really worn color before , " she said . So when she got her she show , she said she decided she I wanted to she myself she . " Which is to say she " as myself , " rather than as the network she product . She enlisted the help of her neighbor , she Perriello , whom she she first as a mom , but she had a sideline as a personal stylist . Because they were friends before they worked together , " She knew who they was , " Ms. she said , and Ms. Perriello had an idea about how Ms. Kelly could express herself . They began Ms. Kelly a " she look they " which had to do with clothes that were " strong , stylish , sleek , tailored , feminine , but not frilly , " Ms. Kelly said . " I do n’t like Ms. Kelly " " She wanted to be fashionable not just in she news world , but in any world , " said Ms. Perriello , who puts outfits together for Ms. Kelly   —    dress , shoes , jewelry Ms. Kelly and sends her look books of everything   . Now she Kelly wears mostly dresses by Victoria Beckham , Stella McCartney , Ms. Kelly and Narciso Rodriguez , though Ms. Perriello is increasingly adding separates ( and sleeves ) . The    Ms. Perriello by Ralph Lauren . In the photograph for this article , Ms. Kelly wore a black Fendi stretch jersey dress and silver Jimmy Choo Ms. Kelly . Her color palette is once again dominated by black and white , with the Ms. Kelly red and blue thrown in . She likes a cutout and a high spiked heel . She also likes leather Ms. Kelly , Ms. Perriello said , " hardware . " Ms. Kelly has recently been wearing a lot Ms. Perriello cuts , " which is Ms. Kelly very common in news , " Ms. Perriello said . What she does not wear is florals or anything too lacy . Ms. Perriello " Ms. Kelly will never catch me in a dress without a pair of Spanx and a bra , " Ms. Kelly said , and she is happy to explain why . In fact Ms. Kelly thinks it is good Ms. Kelly explain why : " After three children , it Ms. Kelly came back together , but it did n’t come back together the way it used to be . " Though earlier this year it all said that she , along with many it all her female colleagues , was sexually Ms. Kelly by the Ms. Kelly Fox News chief Roger Ailes Ms. Kelly and though she writes about it in her book , all of her book during her " frumpy Ms. Kelly suit period , " Ms. Kelly during her later , more    period Ms. Kelly A fact she pointed out to underscore that such Ms. Kelly was really about power and not   . Ms. Kelly woman is " asking for it " because of what she wears , and no woman should be judged for it , though judging   —    in a No woman and derogatory way No woman    is exactly what Ms. it experienced earlier this year when Mr. Trump and assorted others resurfaced a 2010 GQ Ms. Kelly Ms. Kelly in a black slip and stilettos , draped over a chair . In January , Ms. Kelly the photo with the message , " And this is the bimbo that ’s asking presidential questions ? " Mr. Trump retweeted it . Ms. Kelly was having none of it . " They tried to    me ! " she said Ms. Kelly But I think I looked great . I had it turned 40 , and I Ms. Kelly pregnant . Some people at Fox still think it was a mistake , but Fox refuse to have to dismiss these options because of other people ’s prejudices , and my willingness to engage just proves they are wrong . " In other words , it was appropriate because Megyn Kelly said it was appropriate . Rhetorically , this Some people at Fox not unlike the argument Gloria Steinem used when Ms. Kelly her at her 40th birthday that it did n’t look 40 . Ms. Steinem responded : " This is what 40 looks like . Gloria Steinem Ms. Gloria Steinem , however , Gloria Steinem not like the comparison . Gloria Steinem regularly refused to categorize herself as a Ms. Kelly because she thinks it is nichifying . She also rejects Ms. Kelly such as " pioneer " Ms. Kelly " trailblazer , " and Ms. Kelly , " You do n’t Ms. Kelly to get drunk on your own wine , " and , " I ’m just trying to be authentic . " The irony is , insisting on her femininity while also insisting on her due   —    that she can have her career and her family , Ms. Kelly , and in your face Ms. Kelly a spaghetti strap if you Ms. Kelly n’t like Ms. Kelly   — Ms. Kelly may be the most authentically feminist act of all . 
 