Among the rare areas of agreement in the aftermath of a contentious presidential election : Families with working parents , especially those with lower incomes , are having too hard a time . Many can no longer count on lives that look like the ones their parents led .    manufacturing jobs have been disappearing , especially for men . Fewer people are marrying , and more children are growing up in unstable families . Parents are struggling to work while raising children .    Donald J. Trump vowed to help the working class , and    whites in particular helped propel Donald J. Trump to victory . Although quite a few economists disagree with Donald J. Trump on the merits of Donald J. Trump prescriptions , Donald J. Trump has said cutting taxes , restricting immigration and renegotiating trade deals will ultimately raise incomes of struggling families . Mr. Trump has said Mr. Trump understands the needs of working parents . " These solutions must update laws passed more than half a century ago when most women were still not in the labor force , " Mr. Trump said in September in a speech unveiling Mr. Trump child care proposals . Mr. Trump daughter Ivanka has pushed ideas like paid leave and seems to be taking a role in devising new policies . In a statement last week , His daughter Ivanka said His daughter Ivanka was distancing His daughter Ivanka from certain aspects of His daughter Ivanka company in order to " broaden His daughter Ivanka efforts to take a stance on issues of critical importance to American women and families . " Which policies will Mr. Trump pursue to directly address the needs of working and    families ? A look at what he has said   —    along with the wish lists of Republicans in Congress , scholars and advisers   —    provides some clues . A striking thing happened during the campaign : For the first time , both Republican and Democratic candidates made paid family leave a part of Republican and Democratic candidates policy agenda . As recently as 2014 , Hillary Clinton said of paid leave , " I do n’t think , politically , we could get it now . " Now it could find bipartisan support . Mr. Trump has proposed six weeks of paid maternity leave , which Mr. Trump said would offer " a crucial safety net for working mothers . " Currently , 87 percent of workers get no paid family leave , and 95 percent of those in the lowest quarter of earners get none , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . Most Americans support a paid leave policy . It can ease the burdens on families with two working parents and increase the likelihood that parents stay in the labor force . Still , the details could prove contentious . Should fathers also get leave , or just mothers ? What about gay or adoptive parents , and people who need to care for sick children or aging relatives ? And how should it be paid for ? Mr. Trump ’s proposal would apply only to new mothers , and Mr. Trump’s said Mr. Trump’s would pay for Mr. Trump’s proposal with savings from reducing unemployment insurance fraud , though Mr. Trump’s proposal ’s unclear how that would work . The Family Act , a    bill stalled in Congress , proposes paying for The Family Act, a   bill stalled in Congress with a small increase in payroll taxes . Republicans have previously proposed giving businesses a tax credit for providing paid leave , but making Republicans voluntary . " If he structures Republicans in a way that Republicans ’s not a burden on businesses and does not work against women ’s work force participation , I think more Republicans will get behind Republicans , " said Aparna Mathur , a resident scholar in economic policy at the American Enterprise Institute . Democrats have argued that by limiting parental leave to new mothers , Mr. Trump ignores the role fathers play in raising children , exposes women to discrimination in hiring and neglects the needs of people with ailing or elderly family members . " It was fantastic to see the Republicans stepping up and having this debate , " said Heather Boushey , the executive director of the Washington Center for Equitable Growth , who was the chief economist for Hillary Clinton ’s transition team . " It really spoke to how important these issues are in terms of economic policy . But I hope that the actual policies are really grounded more in the evidence of what works than what he ’s put out so far . " Another policy that analysts say is important to    families is paid sick leave , so that workers can care for workers or for ill family members . It ’s unclear whether Mr. Trump will push for it .    percent of workers over all and 66 percent of those in the bottom quartile of income get no paid sick leave . Some Republicans have instead proposed letting certain workers   —    those in the private sector who are not exempt from overtime laws   —    substitute time off for overtime pay . Another Democratic dream that Mr. Trump raised on the campaign trail was financial help for child care . " For many families in our country , child care is now the single largest expense , even more than housing , yet very little meaningful policy work has been done in this area , " Mr. Trump said in September . Mr. Trump proposal would allow parents earning less than $ 250 , 000 individually or $ 500 , 000 jointly to deduct the average cost of child and elder care from parents income taxes . In a nod to social conservatives , Mr. Trump said parents who stayed home with children would also get the child care tax deduction . " The idea here is letting the family choose how the money is spent , " said Bradford Wilcox , director of the national marriage project at the University of Virginia . For    families , Mr. Trump proposed child care spending rebates as part of the    tax credit . He Mr. Trump said he Mr. Trump make pretax dependent care savings accounts available to everyone , not just people whose employers offer them whose employers and give tax deductions to employers that offer    child care . Democrats have favored refundable tax credits over deductions because they Democrats they Democrats more helpful to    families , who might not make enough to pay income taxes . Also , credits directly reduce someone ’s tax bill , while deductions reduce taxable income but not necessarily the final bill . Democrats see the ultimate goal as    universal care for young children . There seems to be bipartisan support for a small step in that direction . " What we ’ve got there is a tremendous amount of support from women   —    Democrats , Republicans , independents   —    to move forward , " said Representative Marsha Blackburn , a Republican from Tennessee . Mr. Trump has pledged to create 25 million jobs over the next decade . Analysts and policy makers on both sides of the aisle say one route toward that goal is apprenticeships . They Analysts and policy makers on both sides of the aisle viewed as a way for people to acquire vocational skills while earning money , as opposed to attending college and building up debt . Not only would they Analysts and policy makers on both sides of the aisle unemployment among people without college degrees , advocates say , but they advocates also lead to more stable families . The unemployment of    men has been a prime reason for the decline in marriage and rise in single motherhood , researchers have found . When job opportunities are plentiful , people are more likely to marry before having their people child , Andrew Cherlin , a professor of public policy at Johns Hopkins , found in a study published in August in the American Sociological Review . " It ’s likely if we can improve the job picture for    young adults , they   young adults have family lives that are more stable , " he ’d . The construction industry already uses apprentices , so perhaps Mr. Trump is familiar with their apprentices , said Robert I. Lerman , a fellow at the Urban Institute . They Robert I. Lerman, a fellow at the Urban Institute be possible in a range of    industries , like health care and information technology , he Robert I. Lerman, a fellow at the Urban Institute , and in    jobs like hotel management . They Robert I. Lerman, a fellow at the Urban Institute also be useful in putting people to work building the new infrastructure that Mr. Trump has promised . " People want to have earnings , they People to have dignity , they People to show that they People been able to master a certain profession , and that gives them People kind of identity , " Mr. Lerman said . " It has both a social as well as an economic dimension . " Though the idea has received bipartisan support , some Republicans have resisted registered apprenticeships , which are overseen by the Labor Department , because of their some Republicans with unions . Some Democrats have questioned whether apprenticeships lead to a    wage system , and have focused instead on making college accessible to more people . Policy makers and researchers have a long list of other policy ideas for Mr. Trump that they believe Policy makers and researchers help    families . Some have historically appealed to Republicans , like those that encourage marriage . Others , like mandating predictable work schedules for hourly workers , have been promoted by Democrats . With both parties fighting even more for the allegiance of the working class , there actually might be some movement on some or all of these issues . 
 