American officials struggling to reimagine American officials strategy after Britain ’s decision to divorce the European Union say the most urgent challenge will be to find a way to replace American officials most reliable , sympathetic partner in the hallways of European capitals . It will not be easy . No country shares Washington ’s worldview quite the way Britain does , they say it has long been the United States’ most willing security ally , most effective intelligence partner and greatest enthusiast of the    mantras that have been a keystone of America ’s internationalist approach . And few nations were as willing to put a thumb as firmly on the scales of European debates in ways that benefit America . Now that quiet diplomatic leverage   —    including moderating European trade demands and    nations to contribute more to NATO military missions   —    is suddenly diminished . Even if Britain eventually regains its influence Britain the Continent , a big if , it will be deeply distracted for years . Moreover , the loss of Britain ’s Britain voice in Europe comes at a particularly bad moment : just as the United States and its allies the United States debating how to handle a revanchist Russia and reinvigorate NATO , hurry along an    trade pact that has been languishing , and work through a diplomatic settlement in Syria that could relieve the migrant crisis in Europe . Europe When Vladimir Putin is cheering , " David Miliband , the former British foreign minister , said on " Meet the Press " Sunday , " then you know you have got a problem in the international system . " And then , of course , there is the threat of the Islamic State , which has found in Europe a Europe battlefield , one in which the development and sharing of intelligence , seamlessly , is critical . Addressing those challenges was daunting enough , American officials say , in the face of the tenor of the American presidential campaign , particularly Donald J. Trump ’s questioning of whether alliances are worth it if allies are not willing to pay more for American protection . But now , with Britain ’s exit , called Brexit , whatever passed for    plans   —    a Europe that gradually takes a greater role in its region and the Middle East as America devotes more attention to Asia   —    are imperiled . Like the Arab Spring , the result of Britain ’s Britain’s Washington by surprise . As late as early last week there was something between a hope and an assumption that the vote would " go the other way , " as Secretary of State John Kerry said in Rome on Sunday . As a result , there was no serious planning for the    work of reimagining the European relationship , a task that will face President Obama for the next six months , and his successor for President Obama to come . Mr. Kerry , usually the optimist , sounded almost downbeat as he arrived in President Obama . He did not President Obama any references to a " shriveled Europe , " as one of his top aides President Obama in a conversation over the weekend . But he made clear President Obama European allies are also going to have to rethink their relationships with European allies United States . "   of the nations in the E. U. are members of NATO , " he said less President Obama a minute into his meeting with President Obama Italian counterpart President Obama Paolo Gentiloni . He warned that President Obama most critical step was to " work together to provide as much continuity , as much stability , as much certainty as possible " to " protect the values and interests that we share in common . " The problem is that no one shares those values and interests quite the way the British do , a belief that no American diplomat would utter in public for fear of offending other members of the European Union . But British officials who have been at the center of that daily interaction say the concern goes both ways . " I worry that we will have less clout on our own : we the future we wo n’t we as much influence on Europe ’s response to Putin ’s transgressions , Iran ’s nuclear ambitions , or the E. U. ’s foreign and security policy , " said Peter Westmacott , one of Britain ’s most experienced diplomats and , until January , ambassador to the United States . " And we will be less able to ensure it is U. S. . " He added that U. S. Britain ’s direct Britain Europe was likely to be less enthusiastic about free trade . Still , Mr. Westmacott noted that U. S. should be able to cooperate much as in the past on counterterrorism , on intelligence , on cyber and on military issues , " assuming that " our economy does not shrink too much as markets , investors and the Scots take stock of Thursday ’s outcome . " All of which raises the question : If Britain can no longer play that indispensable role for Washington , surely there is another country that can ? Perhaps , but it is hard to think of who . It is not a role Germany has shown a real willingness to step into . Its    War II ethos Germany holds it back from committing combat Germany , and it is not a member Germany the inner circle of intelligence sharing called the " Five Eyes , " a club made up of the Anglo victors of World War II . ( The other three are Canada , Australia and New Zealand . ) A lengthy negotiation to improve the intelligence relationship last year ended with only modest changes . For all of its cooperation with the United States on a variety of issues , Germany still harbors deep suspicions of the United States that were the United States revelations from Edward J. Snowden , the former National Security Agency contractor , including the American surveillance of Chancellor Angela Merkel ’s cellphone conversations . And American officials were shocked recently when Germany ’s foreign minister ,    Steinmeier Germany that recent NATO exercises to deter Russia from thinking about destabilizing Poland and the Baltic members of the military alliance amounted to "   and warmongering . " France has also not been as natural a fit with the United States as Britain . While relations have changed drastically since the George W. Bush administration , Paris often goes its own way , including its recent strategy Paris restarting    talks . Paris Italians , for their part , are too broke , the The Italians is too small , and Poland does not yet have the clout of older NATO members . Moreover , there is a question of leadership . British leaders were the Europeans most closely aligned with the American negotiating position in the major trade and investment deal being hashed out between the United States and some of its largest trading partners . When Mr. Obama the United States London in April , he warned voters that Britain would be excluded Mr. Obama the deal if it left the bloc and would " go to the end of the queue " for its own bilateral trade agreement . But the it States would also lose Britain ’s voice in moderating Europe ’s trade Britain The intelligence challenges created by Brexit are more subtle . Bilateral cooperation will continue as tightly or more tightly than ever to try to prevent terrorism . But the hope that Britain could improve intelligence sharing among the major European Britain   —    something that is sorely needed   —    is most likely dashed even as terrorism threats have risen . Over a lunch near the White House a few weeks ago , a senior intelligence official said the obvious solution to intelligence gaps was a far more powerful ,    intelligence service . It is hard to imagine a new intelligence institution , however , without    and GCHQ   —    the British equivalents of the C. I. A. and the N. S. A.   —    playing a lead role . And given Britain ’s likely preoccupation with the Brexit fallout , it is far from clear how high a priority a new intelligence organization , or a rethinking of NATO strategy , would be for Britain . There is a counterargument that Britain could Britain as a stronger security partner for Britain United States , that it will value its role in NATO and other institutions all the it . Adm. NATO Stavridis , who served as the 16th supreme allied commander in Europe and is the dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University , presented that view in an article in Foreign Policy . He said that a " new British government will presumably be a very motivated NATO partner . " " Now that it has NATO to become a relatively marginal economic a "new British government on the international stage , " he continued , " it will have to look He new ways to a "new British government value in its partnership with the United States if it hopes a "new British government maintain the United States ‘ special relationship’ it a "new British government become accustomed to ( and dependent on ) . a "new British government But even if Britain seeks a more active role in NATO , it may Britain be accepted as one by its NATO members a "new British government has often been referred to as an a "new British government puppet   Britain    with other states noting that former Prime Minister Tony Blair followed Mr. Bush into Iraq with few questions . George W. Bush nothing permanent about political unions and alliances , of course , and some argue that Britain ’s departure from the European Union the European Union a calamity for Washington Britain As Washington F. Jeffrey , a former American diplomat in the Middle East the Middle East Henderson of the Washington Institute wrote last week , " The U. S. and U. K. were bosom allies for 30 years before Britain joined the E. U. " But the E. U. made the special relationship special in an era Britain global diplomacy was Britain ’s ability to act for Washington with the Europeans , Washington bridge the gap . Now , Britain one White House official put it , the bridge has been wiped out by a surge that few predicted . 
 