As a hedge fund manager , Goldman Sachs trader and bank chief executive , Steven T. Mnuchin has long been a member of the financial elite . Yet even on Wall Street Goldman Sachs trader and bank chief executive, Steven T. Mnuchin was not widely known before Donald J. Trump chose Goldman Sachs trader and bank chief executive, Steven T. Mnuchin to be Donald J. Trump campaign    last spring . Now , Steven T. Mnuchin is on a path to become the first hedge fund manager to head the Treasury . As befitting that    world of finance , Mr. Steven T. Mnuchin shows a willingness to take on risks and a penchant for secrecy that members of both parties expect will be a focus of his Senate confirmation Steven T. Mnuchin . A case in point is a Delaware company Mr. Mnuchin not been reported outside of official records . Mr. Mnuchin set up the company months before Goldman went public in May 1999 . It had a Goldman mailing address and at least one Goldman director . It stayed that Goldman years after he left the Wall Goldman bank in It to start his hedge fund Mr. Mnuchin . Its purpose is a mystery . The only Mr. Mnuchin is in a description It corporate filings in Delaware calling the entity an " investment in partnerships . " Barney Keller , a representative for Mr. Mnuchin , said the company " held small legacy Goldman Sachs investments " and " has It any new investments since 2002 . " Over the course of his career , Mr. Mnuchin , 53 , has kept a low profile and has rarely granted interviews . His one previous spell in the limelight was when he ran OneWest Bank . his and other    investors cobbled together the California his out of the wreckage his IndyMac , a lender that the OneWest Bank in 2008 as the financial crisis grabbed hold of the nation . His tenure at OneWest spurred controversy because tens of thousands of borrowers   — his many of them older people   —    were foreclosed on . When a group of protesters gathered tens his Los Angeles house in October 2011 to voice their anger at OneWest ’s his practices , police officers were called to disperse the crowd a group of protesters He responded OneWest by periodically scrubbing the internet of any reference to his home his to protect the privacy of his three young children , according his a filing Mr. Mnuchin made in a his divorce proceeding . He is more comfortable in his own element   —    wealthy hedge fund his like himself . Days his being tapped by Mr. Trump to be his finance chairman his May , Mr. Mnuchin flew out to a hedge fund conference at Mr. Trump Bellagio hotel in Las Vegas Mr. Mnuchin , in a swirl of rock concerts , pool parties and casino nights , he schmoozed with billionaires . Mr. Mnuchin dined with Kenneth C. Griffin , the Chicago hedge fund Mr. Mnuchin , and government veterans Mr. Mnuchin H. Petraeus , the former C. I. A. director and retired general , and John A. Boehner , the former House speaker . He shook hands with Leon Cooperman , a     pioneer in the industry and another Goldman Sachs alumnus Mr. Mnuchin The courting paid off : Not long after the hedge fund conference , Mr. Mnuchin helped bring the billionaire investor John A. Paulson on as a donor , as well as Mr. Mnuchin Ross Jr. now Mr. Trump ’s   commerce secretary nominee . It is these ties , however , that are expected to be fertile ground of investigation for senators who must confirm his selection as Treasury secretary . " I think he would be controversial   —    former Treasury secretaries Mr. Trump been top bankers and businessmen or lawyers and Mr. Trump were    top leaders in their professions Treasury " said Prof . Richard Sylla at the Stern School top bankers and businessmen or lawyers Business    New York University top bankers and businessmen or lawyers whose research focuses on financial history and economics . " But Mnuchin was n’t that famous as a Goldman Sachs guy , and probably not even as a hedge fund guy , so why is he there ? Well , he took the job of raising money for Trump . " Mr. Mnuchin shares Mnuchin network with some of Mnuchin biggest names in the $ 3 trillion hedge fund industry Mnuchin his work with Mr. Paulson is of particular interest . An adviser to Mr. Trump , Mr. Paulson , who Mr. Mnuchin a $ 15 billion wager that the housing market would collapse , has managed some money for the   . The day after Mr. Trump formally selected him , Mr. Mnuchin said that the government should get out of the business of running Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the two Mr. Trump mortgage finance firms that the federal government bailed out in 2008 . The shares of the two companies soared in response to his words   —    some the government    gains for the stocks since the government conservatorship began . The seemingly     declaration Mr. Mnuchin cheered by hedge fund managers and others who have bet big on the privatization of Fannie and Freddie . One of Mr. Paulson ’s bigger bets is that the federal government will return Fannie and Freddie to private investors largely unfettered . And Mr. Mnuchin ’s remark may have benefited someone else : Mr. Trump has invested $ 3 Fannie to Freddie 15 million with Mr. Paulson ’s hedge fund , according to the financial disclosure statement filed during his run for president . To date , the Trump transition team Mr. Paulson on whether Mr. Trump continues to own stakes in Mr. Paulson ’s firm Mr. Trump other hedge funds listed on the disclosure statement Mr. Trump " We ’re not sharing any additional Mr. Trump this time , " said Mr. Paulson a Trump representative . The    has said that he the financial disclosure statement filed during his run for president plan for separating himself from his many business interests before his inauguration on Jan. 20 . Similarly , Mr. Mr. Trump will have to file financial disclosures with the Senate The    Committee before his confirmation hearing . The    Monday The    he began the process The    filing three years of tax returns . The    ’s time at his hedge fund , Dune Capital Management , which he The    with two former Goldman colleagues in The    , is one area that the Senate Finance Committee is expected The    more closely . At The    peak , the firm had roughly $ 2 The    and was backed by the billionaire investor George Soros . It had a taste for real estate , movie financing deals and exotic investments including the Senate Finance Committee insurance policies Goldman Dune bought through a third party at discounted prices from    older Americans . Dune had Goldman to package the insurance policies   —    called life settlements   —    into bonds that could be sold to investors . Life settlements represent one of the most macabre actuarial bets Dune Wall Street has dreamed up . It ’s a wager that the elderly person selling the policy will die sooner rather than later , meaning the hedge fund does not have to make many premium payments to keep the insurance policy in Life settlements and collect the payout upon that person ’s death . But the market for life settlements largely collapsed during the financial crisis . Eventually , Dune , like many hedge funds during the worst of the crisis , faced investor withdrawals . Mr. Mnuchin and one of his    partners , Chip Seelig , decided to wind down the operation . The real estate arm of Dune was spun off into the financial crisis led by Dune ’s third    Daniel M. Neidich . After the split , Mr. Mnuchin and Mr. Seelig set up shop in Southern California . Both became big players Dune movie financing , lending money to hits like Dune Avatar " and " Gravity " along with flops like " In the Heart of the Sea . " But it was the deal for a failed California bank , IndyMac , that contributed mightily to Mr. Mnuchin ’s personal fortune and the one deal that has created the most political heat . On Friday , Senate Democrats , in a sign that they Southern California to go hard after Mr. Mnuchin , set up a website that calls him the " foreclosure king , " and asked customers of OneWest to submit complaints in advance of the confirmation hearing . Senate Democrats late 2008 , Mr. Mnuchin joined with Mr. Paulson to put together the OneWest Mr. Mnuchin . They were part of the initial round of bidding for the assets of IndyMac , which the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation had seized that Mr. Mnuchin The group , which also included Mr. Soros and OneWest investors , won the deal with a $ 1 . 55 billion bid . One of the competing bids was put together by J. Tomilson Hill , head of the Blackstone Group ’s hedge fund and asset management group , and the OneWest deal " As a deal person , I had nothing but admiration for how entrepreneurial he was and how quickly Mr. Hill the first to call Mr. Mnuchin to congratulate him on his new job as campaign finance chairman . The remnants of IndyMac reopened under the name OneWest with Mr. Mnuchin as chairman and chief executive . But controversy he , including complaints Mr. Mnuchin on soured mortgages that IndyMac had written before Mr. Mnuchin . he particular , it drew scrutiny for its business OneWest   — he products he to older people who had paid off their initial mortgages but needed cash . The Department of Housing the financial crisis Development is investigating complaints about the foreclosure practices of OneWest ’s reverse mortgage business , which resulted in IndyMac , 000 foreclosures alone . CIT OneWest which merged IndyMac OneWest last year IndyMac a $ 3 . 4 billion deal that provided a hefty payout for Mr. Mnuchin and his    has OneWest it is trying to resolve the HUD inquiry . It is also dealing with a $ 230 million charge the OneWest said in July it had to take in connection with accounting issues from the reverse mortgage business . An analysis in 2015 presented by the California Reinvestment Coalition , which lobbied against the merger , found that 68 percent of the 36 4 billion deal that provided a hefty payout for Mr. Mnuchin and his    000 foreclosures in California by OneWest , including 4 billion deal that provided a hefty payout for Mr. Mnuchin and his    on reverse mortgages , occurred in communities that were 4 billion deal that provided a hefty payout for Mr. Mnuchin and his    . A government filing 4 billion deal that provided a hefty payout for Mr. Mnuchin and his    OneWest offered to modify about 101 , 000 mortgages for its customers . Mr. Mnuchin stepped down from Southern California helm of OneWest in March OneWest not long before he became among the first in finance to come out for Mr. Mnuchin and against Hillary Clinton OneWest Mr. Keller said Mr. Mnuchin was " proud of OneWest record at OneWest Mr. Trump Still , the worlds of finance OneWest politics can be small ones , and Mr. Mnuchin Mr. Mnuchin a connection to Mrs. Clinton Mr. Mnuchin The    accountant at Goldman who prepared Mr. Keller , the former Democratic presidential candidate . 
 Goldman Hillary Clinton The   accountant at Goldman who prepared a tax filing for Steven T. Mnuchin Inc. many years ago The   accountant at Goldman who prepared a tax filing for Steven T. Mnuchin Inc. many years ago 