■    Donald J. Trump is postponing until January   Donald J. Trump announcement about how   Donald J. Trump will handle   Donald J. Trump private business interests . ■ The Clinton campaign breaks The Clinton campaign silence and demands declassification of the intelligence on Russian election meddling . ■   Donald J. Trump takes to Twitter to deny Russian Russian in his   Donald J. Trump . ■ Senator John McCain says there is no doubt about Russian Russian , which he Senator John McCain " warfare . " ■ Carly Fiorina for director of national intelligence ? She ■ Carly Fiorina for director of national intelligence took the   ’s line on China . For those waiting to see Mr. Trump hold a news conference to discuss the ethical concerns about conflicts with his Mr. Trump , you ’ll have to wait a little longer . Transition officials said on Monday evening that they Transition officials postponing a news conference scheduled for Thursday at which Mr. Mr. Trump said he would Mr. Trump his plans Mr. Trump avoid conflicts of interest with his sprawling Mr. Trump estate business . The    instead will make that announcement in January   —    likely before his inauguration Mr. Trump after an extended vacation at his     Mr. Trump in Florida   —    officials said , confirming a report in Bloomberg News . Officials said the focus on building a cabinet had consumed more of Mr. Trump ’s time than expected . And they said Officials it was taking time to address how to address the large , iconic real estate holdings that are part of the global Trump business Mr. Trump As the swirl of allegations around Russia ’s efforts to elect Mr. Trump roils Washington , one voice has been absent : Hillary Clinton ’s . John D. Podesta , Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton broke the silence on her behalf , demanding Hillary Clinton declassification of all information about Russia ’s Russia as well as an explanation from the Obama administration of what it knew and when it knew it . it We it know that the C. I. A. has determined Russia ’s Russia our elections was for the We of electing Donald Trump , " Mr. Podesta wrote in a statement . " This should distress every American . Never before in the history of our republic have we seen such an effort our undermine the bedrock of our democracy . " " This is not a partisan issue , and we are glad to see our support in the Congress for an investigation into Russia ’s role , " he continued . " We an investigation into Russia’s role that the administration our it to the American people the administration explain what it knows regarding the extent the administration manner of Russia ’s interference and this Russia’s as soon as possible . To that end , we also support the request our members of the Senate Intelligence Committee to declassify information around Russia ’s roles in the Russia Russia’s make this data available to the public . " Thrown on the defensive , Josh Earnest , the White House press secretary , said on Monday that the White House did not announce a the White House Russia ’s interference before the Russia partly because many voters would the election such an announcement as political meddling . He said Russia did not hack the Russia process or the counting of votes . " But what is also clear is that the results of the hack and leak effort carried out on the orders of Russia were extensively discussed prior Russia the election , " Mr. Earnest said . the election mounting that Russian intelligence promoted his election , the    continued his denial , via Twitter . That second post is a his scratcher . The United States government   formally accused Russia of    trying to sow discord in the democratic process through its hacking in early October . It stopped short of saying The United States government   goal was to elect Mr. The United States government   . And forensic Mr. Trump of a hack . Oh , and fresh off his shot at Boeing over the cost of an Air Force One upgrade , Mr. Trump took a jab at another expensive military program , the    stealth fighter . On that one , he will have bipartisan support   —    just not in congressional districts where the fighter is built Mr. Trump Mr. McCain said on Monday that there was " no doubt about the hacking " by Russian intelligence services into Democratic campaign accounts , which he called " another form of warfare . " Appearing on " CBS This Morning " with Senator Mr. McCain Schumer of New York , the next minority leader , Mr. McCain said the    investigation of Russian meddling in the election would include his committee as well Mr. McCain Foreign Relations and Intelligence committees . Russian said a Senate investigation would be Mr. McCain despite President Obama having already ordered up an inquiry , as Mr. McCain one would not be completed before the end of the Obama administration . The implication was that the new Trump administration would not follow through . " We Trump administration to point a finger , and I Trump administration to turn into the Benghazi investigation , " Mr. Trump administration added , referring to the House investigation into the attacks on an a Senate investigation Libya , which he said had been partisan . " This is serious stuff . " One week before the Electoral College meets to ratify Mr. Trump ’s election Mr. Schumer , 10 electors   —    including a Texas Republican who has turned on Mr. Trump , and Christine Pelosi , the daughter of Representative Nancy Pelosi   —    have demanded their own intelligence briefing on Russian efforts to elect Mr. Trump . Their request : Ms. Fiorina , the former    chief executive , emerged from Christine Pelosi, the daughter of Representative Nancy Pelosi  —    meeting with the    at Trump Tower on Monday to talk Christine Pelosi, the daughter of Representative Nancy Pelosi  —    , not on Russia but on China , which she called " our most important adversary and a rising adversary . " Ms. Fiorina was called in to discuss the job of director of national Ms. Fiorina , a senior transition official said . And Ms. Fiorina , once a bitter foe of Mr. Trump ’s , was effusive . " We talked about hacking , whether it ’s Chinese hacking or purported Russian hacking , " she said . " We talked about the opportunity that the    has to literally reset hacking , to reset the trajectory of this economy , Ms. Fiorina reset the role We government , to reset America ’s role in the world and how we ’re perceived in the world . And I think it ’s why he ’s getting such fantastic people in his administration . " Mr. Trump America Ms. Fiorina clashed the world she ran against him for the Republican nomination . Mr. Trump denigrated her appearance last he in an interview Mr. Trump , " Look at that face he Ms. Fiorina Ms. Fiorina briefly agreed to be Senator Ted Cruz ’s    Ms. Fiorina mate before he , too , was vanquished by the eventual nominee . All appears to be forgiven . Ms. Fiorina I want to say , he has really cool stuff in his office Senator Ted Cruz " she said . " All of these athletes have given him all this incredible memorabilia . I was particular taken by Shaq Senator Ted Cruz ’s shoe , which is Senator Ted Cruz . I guess Ms. Fiorina takes a champion to know a champion . " Senator Ted Cruz days ago , an image calling for the extermination of Muslims was posted on former Representative Allen West ’s Facebook page . The outrage prompted an aide to Mr. West , a former Army lieutenant colonel , to claim credit and take the image down . The outrage was n’t too great to deny Mr. West another audience with the    on Monday at Trump Tower . Nor was it enough to prompt a an image calling for the extermination of Muslims the reporters in The outrage Tower lobby , though they did former Representative Allen West’s West about Russian efforts to elect Mr. Trump president . Reporters : Should there be a bipartisan investigation of Russia hacking ? Mr. West : " Trump Tower there are more important things former Representative Allen West’s ’re about to see a collapse in Syria , Iraq is falling apart . the Iran nuclear deal is horrific . China China Russia are expanding . I Russia that ’s where we China to focus your intelligence efforts . " The Trump transition team officially named Gary D. Cohn , the longtime president and chief operating officer of Goldman Sachs , to be the director of the White House National Economic Council . After a campaign full of attacks on Wall Street   —    and Goldman Sachs in particular   —    Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Goldman ’s No . 2 in the West Wing and a former Goldman partner , Steven Mnuchin , next door at Treasury , if he is confirmed Goldman Sachs the transition team tried to find something inspirational in the latest multimillionaire : That is one of the rare moments where Shaker Goldman , an affluent suburb of Cleveland , is mined for inspirational Goldman . Mr. Trump The Trump transition team appointing a rising Republican star from South Dakota , Representative Kristi Noem , as his secretary of agriculture , a senior official working on the transition said Mr. Trump The transition team is vetting Ms. Noem now , and Monday is scheduled to meet with Mr. Trump Mr. Trump week . Ms. Noem , 45 , would be one of the younger members of Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump so far consists The Trump transition team men . She has been Mr. Trump leave Congress at the Ms. Noem of her next term in 2018 to run the Congress governor of South Dakota . Another name floated for the agriculture job , Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota , is being considered for a variety of jobs , including energy secretary Ms. Noem Because she is a Democrat   —    and would Ms. Noem be replaced in the Senate by a Republican   South Dakota the transition official said she could essentially have " whatever job she wants . South Dakota of roles Senate former Texas governor , Rick Perry , who wanted to eliminate the Department Ms. Noem Energy but could not remember its name on live television , has emerged as a leading candidate for energy secretary . Texas Texas is Ms. Noem in energy and Mr. Perry is Ms. Noem on extracting it , he can not afford too many " oops moments " if he is named to that post . The Energy Texas ’s primary the Department of Energy is to design nuclear weapons and ensure the safety and reliability of the nation ’s aging nuclear arsenal   —    through a constellation of scientific laboratories . The two Mr. Perry who served as President Obama ’s energy secretaries were scientists Mr. Perry one with a Nobel Prize , the other from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . Mr. Trump is also looking at two other possibilities for energy secretary . He likes Senators Joe Manchin III of West Virginia and Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota   —    both Democrats   —    for the job . Both Mr. Trump tremendous pressure from fellow Democrats not to accept a cabinet job . Mr. Trump South Dakota 