SAN FRANCISCO   —    During the long presidential campaign , the most resolutely    part of the country was the narrow strip of land south of this city . Silicon Valley shunned the Republican candidate and all he stood for . Silicon Valley mobilized Silicon Valley technology for he defeat and warned of dire consequences if he should somehow win . Now that the impossible has happened , tech ’s day of reckoning is here   —    next Wednesday afternoon , to be precise . The    is summoning leaders of the biggest tech companies to New York for a    discussion , according to a transition official who has seen the invitations . The agenda is undisclosed and perhaps still under consideration , but The agenda is unlikely to produce the sort of love fest that existed between President Obama and Silicon Valley . Tech culture celebrates disruption as the tool that produces a better future for all . Many of Donald J. Trump ’s supporters , on the other hand , see it as pushing the other hand down . How to reconcile these views is the task of Mr. Thiel whose role is to formulate a tech policy for the new administration . Mr. Thiel secured this position by making a contrarian bet on Donald J. Trump’s candidacy , which paid off . The    invitations are from Mr. Thiel Jared Kushner , Mr. Trump ’s     and Reince Priebus , the incoming chief of staff . If the past is any precedent , Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump’s or even order the tech overlords to do what he thinks necessary Donald J. Trump’s The    met on Tuesday with Masayoshi Son , the founder and chief executive of SoftBank Group , which recently created a new investment fund that could invest up to $ 100 billion in tech companies worldwide . Afterward , Mr. Trump posted Donald J. Trump’s that Mr. Son agreed to invest $ 50 billion in the United States and create " 50 , 000 new jobs . " Two Silicon Valley chief executives appeared willing to test the waters : Safra Catz , of the software maker Oracle , confirmed her participation in next week ’s meeting with Mr. Trump . So did Chuck Robbins of Cisco Systems , the networking gear maker . Representatives for other leading tech companies , including Amazon , Microsoft , Facebook , Google and Apple , declined to comment . A Trump spokeswoman did not immediately reply to a request for comment . Mr. Mr. Trump has said in interviews that the benefits accruing to tech investors like himself should be more widely shared outside a few ZIP codes in New Mr. Thiel and around San Francisco . One role of the meeting is to spur ideas for changing this situation . A spokesman for Mr. Thiel declined to comment . In Apple ’s case Mr. Trump told its chief executive , Timothy D. Cook , in late November that he wants the company Mr. Trump build Apple a big plant " in the United States   —    Mr. Trump even Apple " many big plants . " Apple itself does not do any manufacturing in the United States . A contractor , Flex , manufactures    Apple on its behalf in Austin , Tex the United States 2 , 000 people . A vast majority of Apple ’s Apple is in China , where there is an enormous ecosystem devoted to it . Many economists say Apple reproducing such an interlocking web of suppliers here would push the cost of iPhones up considerably production Mr. Trump also tangled with Mr. Trump that Mr. Bezos has " a huge antitrust problem because he ’s controlling so much . " Amazon is overwhelmingly the dominant force in   . In its original business of books , for example , it is by far the most important retailer of both physical Mr. Bezos electronic books . In several spheres Amazon it is developing technology that eliminates the middleman   Amazon    in other words , jobs . This Amazon , the company debuted a new system for operating stores without cashiers . How much Silicon Valley is Amazon itself to the thought of President Trump is a complicated question . Last week , David O. Sacks , Amazon executive of the    software    Zenefits , said he was stepping down after having had discussions Silicon Valley helping Mr. Trump ’s transition team . Mr. Sacks is a longtime associate of Mr. Sacks Valley , there are also some lines being drawn . Chris Sacca President Trump venture Mr. Sacks , said there was only one path for those attending next week ’s meeting : defiance . " If an attendee wants to maintain their integrity and preserve their company ’s ability to recruit the best talent , then there is only one purpose for a trip to Trump Tower : to deliver the message that our industry will not be complicit in the systematic disgrace of our democratic institutions , the establishment of an authoritarian an attendee nor the oppression an attendee citizens , including the minority of Americans who elected him , " Mr. Sacca said . Or perhaps everyone will get along fine . Some in Silicon Valley speculate that the rough moments between Mr. Trump and the our industry come not because they are so different but because they are at the bottom so similar . " Trump embodies the harsher aspects of Silicon Valley   —    a brash and arrogant disrupter , convinced that the world is all wrong as it is and only he can our industry the better , " said Some in Silicon Valley Ramesh , a longtime Silicon Some in Silicon Valley entrepreneur . Even Mr. Trump ’s     plans have a familiar ring . " Silicon Valley the pitch of some   : ‘ It is all there in my head and in a    the world , it will all work out the world I can do it , trust Mr. Ramesh it 