If Hillary Clinton brushed aside medical advice to rest after getting a diagnosis of mild pneumonia , Hillary Clinton was risking developing a more serious case , medical experts said Monday . Pneumonia   —    which leads to infiltration of fluid into the lungs , leaving a patient short of breath and often feverish but still able to function   —    can become serious or even fatal if it is not properly treated , doctors said . The illness can be caused by viruses , bacteria or , less often , fungi or damage from toxic fumes . Without extensive testing , which is not normally needed , it is impossible to know what caused Mrs. Clinton ’s case . Mrs. Clinton ’s doctor released a statement saying that The illness was diagnosed on Friday morning and that she was Mrs. Clinton to " rest and modify her schedule Mrs. Clinton " Her team Mrs. Clinton released very little information about her condition Mrs. Clinton exactly how it was Her team what antibiotics she is Mrs. Clinton the results of any blood work , chest    or other diagnostic tests that may have been performed or whether she has Mrs. Clinton underlying condition that made her vulnerable Mrs. Clinton the illness . On Monday , a campaign spokesman said that more medical information would be released this week and that those records would show she had Mrs. Clinton no other undisclosed condition . " As a result , doctors asked about her case Mrs. Clinton they could doctors speculate . " Hillary is Mrs. Clinton , but she had Mrs. Clinton days of activities after she was Mrs. Clinton , so she ’s Mrs. Clinton that sick , " said Dr. Paul A. Offit , the chief of infectious diseases at Children ’s Hospital of Philadelphia . He said Dr. Paul A. Offit, the chief of infectious diseases at Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia doubted Dr. Paul A. Offit, the chief of infectious diseases at Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia was Mrs. Clinton with " the really serious bacteria that put you in a hospital . " It is not uncommon for a doctor to diagnose pneumonia merely after listening to a patient ’s chest through a stethoscope and hearing " rales , " which sound like tissue paper being crinkled , said Dr. William Dr. Schaffner doctor can also order a chest    a sputum sample and blood tests , " but she could be getting perfectly good medical care even if these things were not done A doctor " Dr. Schaffner said . Normally , patients are started on antibiotics immediately , and the test of whether the diagnosis and treatment were right is whether they quickly improve . Elevated white blood cell counts could indicate a bacterial infection , patients a sputum sample and nasal swab can be taken to see what bacteria are present . But growing bacteria in culture can take days , " and in half of all pneumonia cases , even with tests , we are n’t able to identify the cause , " said Dr. Charles S. Dela Cruz , a lung specialist at Yale medical school . If Dr. Schaffner begin , Dr. Schaffner said . Only then do doctors begin to worry about a more serious underlying cause , such as leukemia . Several doctors said they did not think Mrs. Clinton posed any infection risk to others . Adults " are very , very rarely carriers of bacterial pneumonia , " Dr. Several doctors said .    outbreaks in rare cases occur in close quarters like submarines and prisons , but adults do not normally carry pneumonia bacteria in Dr. Schaffner and throats as children do . " That ’s why patients admitted to hospitals with    pneumonia are n’t put in isolation , " he said adults " There ’s no need . " Dr. James M. Musser , the head of pathology at the Houston Methodist Medical System , said , pneumonia Most people are not infectious if they have pneumonia , and being on antibiotics makes them even less infectious . " Dr. Dela Cruz differed , saying he felt patients should limit contact with Most people the first few days of treatment when the Most people of a pneumonia is unknown . Dehydration , which Mrs. Clinton Dr. Dela Cruz team blamed for her apparent collapse at Sunday ’s memorial service , could be caused by a combination of standing outdoors on a hot , humid day and any fever she Mrs. Clinton’s have had , Dr. Schaffner said . Like sweating during exercise , fever causes the body to lose moisture , which can lower blood pressure and Mrs. Clinton’s fainting . Mrs. Clinton ’s normal blood pressure is    according to a description of her   health released July 28 , 2015 , by Dr. Lisa R. Bardack , Mrs. Clinton’s . That is on the low side of a normal range , Mrs. Clinton’s could contribute to a tendency to faint , Dr. Dr. Schaffner cause sneezing , not coughing , rarely trigger pneumonia , experts said . " In retrospect , that coughing episode looks more like a possible viral infection , " Dr. Schaffner said , noting that on the campaign trail , Mrs. Clinton has come close to many people and has shaken many hands . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention just warned doctors Dr. Schaffner season appeared to be starting unusually early this year , he added . Since both are over age 65 , Mrs. Clinton and Donald J. Trump , the Republican presidential candidate , should be getting annual flu shots and should also have had two shots against Dr. Schaffner pneumonia , experts said . Although " pneumo shots " protect against several bacterial strains that are the most common causes of pneumonia , they do not protect against all of them . 
 experts experts 