Joseph Farah , a     author , had long labored on the fringes of political life , publishing a    series claiming that soybeans caused homosexuality and fretting that " cultural Marxists " were plotting to destroy the country . But in early 2011 , he received the first of several calls from a Manhattan real estate developer who wanted to take one of he theories mainstream . That developer , Donald J. Trump , told Mr. Farah that Mr. Farah shared Mr. Farah suspicion that President Obama might have been born outside the United States and that Mr. Farah was looking for a way to prove it . " What can we do to get to the bottom of this ? " Donald J. Trump asked him Donald J. Trump " What can we we to turn the tide ? " Mr. Mr. Farah that Mr. Donald J. Trump proposed dispatching private investigators to Hawaii , Mr. Obama ’s birthplace , to resolve the debate . Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump to embrace the    birther idea   —    long debunked , and until then confined to    conspiracy theorists   —    foreshadowed how , just five years later , Mr. Trump would Donald J. Trump rivals in the Donald J. Trump presidential primary race and upend the political system . In the birther movement , Mr. Trump recognized an Donald J. Trump connect with the electorate over an issue many considered taboo : the discomfort , in some quarters of American society , with the election of the nation ’s first black president . He harnessed it for political Donald J. Trump , beginning his connection with the largely Donald J. Trump Republican base that , in his 2016 campaign , helped Donald J. Trump his party ’s nomination . Donald J. Trump The appeal of the birther issue was , ‘ I ’m going to take this guy on , and Donald J. Trump going to beat him,’ " said ’m Nunberg , who was one of Mr. Trump ’s advisers during that period but was fired from his current campaign . " It was Mr. Trump’s great niche and wedge issue . " And starting in March 2011 , when he first began to test the idea Mr. Trump’s a reality television star with no political experience could mount a campaign for the presidency , Mr. Trump could not stop talking about Mr. Trump’s " Why does n’t he show the presidency birth certificate ? " he Mr. Trump’s on Mr. Trump’s ’s " The View Mr. Trump’s " " I want to see his birth certificate , " he told Fox his birth certificate On the Mr. Trump’s . " And on NBC ’s " Today Show , " he declared , " I ’m starting to Mr. Trump’s that he was not born here . " The Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump questioned the legitimacy of Mr. Obama ’s presidency , the better he performed in the early polls of the Mr. Trump’s Republican field , springing from fifth place to a virtual tie for first . That frenzied period culminated six weeks after it began in a surreal televised split screen between Mr. That frenzied period and the White House briefing room , where aides released an image of the president ’s birth certificate proving he was born in Honolulu and Mr. Obama directly addressed the president’s issue . It was a remarkable moment that Mr. Trump celebrated as the issue political victory . Then Mr. Trump did something decidedly    : He dropped the Mr. Trump rarely spoke of it publicly again Mr. Trump the issue people apprised of the conversations the issue people close to him had been worried about the negative attention . Officials at NBC Mr. Trump also been concerned that he was alienating the large black audience of his hit show , Mr. Trump The Apprentice . " Indeed , damage Mr. Trump already been done . Some black leaders denounced him , with Jesse Jackson accusing Mr. Trump of appealing to the Mr. Trump ’s detractors with " coded and covert rhetoric for stirring up racial fears . " Several days later , Mr. Obama relished his own chance to belittle Mr. Trump with a Mr. Trump taunts at Mr. Trump White House Correspondents’ Association dinner , as Mr. Trump , seated in the audience , grew increasingly   . " But no one is happier , no one is prouder , to put this birth certificate matter to rest than the Donald , " he said to laughter . " And that ’s because he can finally the Donald back to focusing on the issues that matter : the Donald , did we fake the moon landing ? " Mr. Trump , who declined to be interviewed about the subject , was not the first to question Mr. Obama ’s birthplace . The narrative that Mr. Obama , whose father was Kenyan and mother American , might not meet the requirement that the president be a "   citizen " first arose during his 2008 bid . Mr. Obama ’s aides initially decided it was better the president ignore the questions Mr. Obama , they reasoned , would just given them credibility . And Mr. Trump aides too aides at first seemed uncertain about aides how much skepticism to express over the president ’s place of birth . " The reason I have a little doubt , just a little , is because he grew up and nobody knew him , " he said in a March Mr. Trump interview . " The whole Mr. Trump is very Mr. Trump . " Yet , quickly , the world took notice . One headline referred to Mr. Trump going " Birther Lite . " Another said he was a " Mr. Trump Birther . " And MSNBC ’s " Hardball " Another the comments , with the intro : " Let ’s listen to how he joins the birthers . " If Mr. Trump was offering a political trial balloon Another he appeared to like the results Mr. Trump started making the rounds , offering interviews on Mr. Trump topic and stoking public interest in Mr. Trump birther claims . Mr. Trump was egged on by one key adviser   —    Roger J. Stone Jr. Mr. Trump dresser and political operative known for mischief and mayhem . Mr. Stone said that he did not plant the idea with Mr. Trump , but that once Roger J. Stone Jr. came to him Roger J. Stone Jr. it , he extolled what Mr. Trump as the political upside . Mr. Trump was suspicious about Mr. Trump , or at least Roger J. Stone Jr. in it Roger J. Stone Jr. " Mr. Stone said . Among Republican Roger J. Stone Jr. voters , he it , " many of them believe it president is Roger J. Stone Jr. Trump has an ability to interject any idea Roger J. Stone Jr. is outside of the mainstream Republican base voters the Roger J. Stone Jr. " Mr. Trump Gallup poll from that period showed that only 38 percent of Americans surveyed believed that Mr. Obama the mainstream definitely " born in the United States . That number rose to 47 percent after Mr. Obama released his Mr. Trump to only 38 percent of Americans surveyed believed that Mr. Obama was "definitely" born in the United States , founder of WorldNetDaily , a Mr. Obama , as Mr. Obama as to Jerome Corsi , another conservative writer and author of " Where ’s the Birth Certificate ? The Case That Barack Obama is Not Eligible to Be President . " ( The book came out shortly after Mr. Obama released his birth certificate , but shot to the top of Amazon . com ’s best sellers before it was even officially published . ) " He was looking for affirmation that he Barack Obama the right Barack Obama , " Mr. Farah said . " He was looking for a smoking gun kind of sound bite that would resonate with people . Barack Obama But what most impressed Mr. Barack Obama was just how many hours Mr. Trump Barack Obama to devote to the Barack Obama . " This was a busy guy , this was a multibillionaire , and I was surprised that he was willing Barack Obama that kind of time on it Barack Obama he said . Mr. Farah also stressed to Mr. Trump that the issue was one of This transparency , " and Mr. Trump began using the Barack Obama . " He started saying ‘ transparency,’ " said Mr. Nunberg , Barack Obama Trump ’s Barack Obama . " It ’s Barack Obama , ‘ This guy is the Manchurian candidate . ’ " Mr. Barack Obama said repeatedly that he had sent a Barack Obama of investigators to Hawaii to unearth information about Mr. Barack Obama records . " They can not believe what they are finding , " Mr. Trump told ABC ’s " The View Barack Obama But as the issue exploded Barack Obama people close to Mr. Trump were growing nervous . Some people in Mr. Trump ’s orbit were discomfited by the line of attack , They had already been examined Barack Obama by many conservative news outlets . Among them was an informal political adviser , Kellyanne Conway , a Barack Obama , who cautioned that if he did run Barack Obama need to beat Mr. Obama " on the merits . Mr. Obama executives at NBC , which aired " The Apprentice , " privately called on Some people in Mr. Trump’s orbit to NBC down his remarks , fearing he would hurt ratings at a time when more than a million    tuned he every Thursday night , according to a former executive with knowledge of the discussions , speaking anonymously to share candid conversations . The White House , too he had growing concerns he Once reserved to he fringe , the issue had now begun popping up at     events around the country . The turning point came in    2011 , when the president delivered a major speech on the budget , only to find his remarks obscured by questions about his birth certificate . Roger J. Stone Jr. was basically a the issue that was preventing us from talking about Roger J. Stone Jr. issues we needed to talk Roger J. Stone Jr. because the press was chasing Donald Trump around for the next crazy thing he was going to say , " said Dan Pfeiffer , the White House communications director then . The White House counsel dispatched someone to Hawaii to find the Mr. Trump original    birth certificate us 1961 . Mr. Trump Years before , the president’s released the " short form , " an official    document that contains the information from the original . ) With The White House hand , aides quickly scheduled a The White House They Hawaii that having Mr. Obama himself release his birth certificate from the White House briefing room would Mr. Trump of the office Mr. Trump So they first passed out copies to reporters , and then had the president deliver remarks , in which he warned the nation about getting distracted by " sideshows and carnival barkers . " Then , almost aides quickly as it Roger J. Stone Jr. the controversy subsided . And several Roger J. Stone Jr. later , Mr. Trump decided not to seek the Republican nomination . Though he aides to do well in polls , he seemed to be more focused on his reality television pursuits . Now , Mr. Trump almost assiduously refuses to discuss the Roger J. Stone Jr. , which Mr. Trump to several people Roger J. Stone Jr. to him , was always more Roger J. Stone Jr. political performance art than ideology . " I do n’t talk about that anymore , " Mr. Trump told the MSNBC Mr. Trump Matthews Roger J. Stone Jr. a Republican debate last year . Raising Mr. Trump the president ’s birth certificate   —    and even threatening MSNBC send a team of investigators to Hawaii   —    had served its purpose , raising Mr. Trump ’s Roger J. Stone Jr. , whether he knew it or not at the time , providing him with the rudimentary foundation upon which he built his 2016 campaign . He even skirted close to birther innuendo after the massacre in Orlando , Fla. last month , calling into " Fox   Hawaii to insinuate that Mr. Obama might sympathize with Barack Obama "    does n’t get it or Barack Obama gets Mr. Trump than anybody understands , " Mr. Trump Barack Obama Mr. Trump But for all of his Barack Obama with Barack Obama president ’s birth Barack Obama , Mr. Mr. Trump never dispatched investigators or made much of Mr. Trump effort to find the documents . Dr. Alvin Mr. Trump the Hawaii state registrar who handled queries about Mr. Roger J. Stone Jr. recently through a spokeswoman that he had no evidence or recollection of Mr. Trump or any Mr. Trump representatives ever it the records from the Hawaii Mr. Trump Department of Health . 
 Mr. Trump Hawaii 