Janet L. Yellen , the Federal Reserve chairwoman , made it clear Wednesday that Janet L. Yellen, the Federal Reserve chairwoman believes that the American economy is pretty much back on track . And that , in turn , sets the stage for a potential conflict with the incoming Trump administration in the months and years ahead . Congress assigns the Fed two goals : seek maximum employment and maintain stable prices . Ms. Yellen , in a speech in San Francisco , rather explicitly made clear that the nation is n’t far from attaining those goals . " Now , the nation ’s fair to say , the economy is near maximum employment , and inflation is moving toward our goal , " Ms. Yellen said . The unemployment rate , 4 . 7 percent , is back near where it was before the 2008 recession . And " although inflation has been running below our 2 percent objective for quite some time , we have seen it start inching back toward 2 percent last year . " it is Ms. Yellen ’s clearest indication to date that the era of extraordinary efforts by the central bank to get the economy back in shape is nearing the economy end . The Fed has raised    interest rates in each of the last two Decembers , and The Fed is looking likely that there will be more than one rate increase this year . Ms. Yellen said in Ms. Yellen speech that Ms. Yellen and Ms. Yellen colleagues were expecting to increase the federal funds rate " a few times a year . " As central bankers are wo nt to do , Ms. Yellen emphasized that those plans were contingent on the economy ’s behaving as the Fed expected . If inflation starts to slip again , or improvements in the job market recede , the Fed the Fed presumably hold off . But Ms. Yellen spoke clearly of the risks of moving too slowly toward the    neutral interest rate that neither stimulates nor slows the economy . " Waiting too long to begin moving toward the neutral rate could risk a nasty surprise down the road , " Ms. Yellen said . " Either too much inflation , financial instability or both . " But if things go as planned , there is a clear risk that the Fed the Fed the Fed on a collision course with the Trump administration ’s goals . The    and his advisers have often    of seeking stronger economic growth than the United States has experienced the last several years , perhaps seeking 3 . 5 percent to 4 percent instead of the    percent growth that has been the standard since 2009 . A white paper by advisers to Mr. Trump released in the fall assessed the view that this lower growth rate reflected demographics and that it amounted to a this lower growth rate new normal , " and declared it " incomplete   this lower growth rate    and unnecessarily defeatist . " That view is at odds with both Ms. Yellen ’s comments Wednesday and    economic projects that Fed officials have released . For example , the median Fed policy maker viewed Fed economy ’s    rate of G. D. P. growth as only 1 . 8 percent a year , very much in the ballpark that Trump advisers would view as unnecessarily defeatist . So here ’s one way things could go : The Fed steadily raises Fed to the degree that employment and inflation data cooperate with their forecasts , with faster employment and inflation data increases the higher growth rises . It ’s possible that what people in Mr. Trump ’s orbit view Trump desirable boom will look to Ms. Yellen and her colleagues as overheating , and Trump equal and opposite interest rate increases . There are a couple of potential twists in this story . The first would involve potential Trump appointments to the Fed the Trump could involve big moves in the dollar . Ms. Yellen ’s term as chairwoman expires in about a year . Mr. Trump could appoint a new Trump the Fed who is more hospitable to his view ( though she would have Trump option of continuing Ms. Yellen time as a Fed governor , Ms. Yellen of seven policy makers who are appointed to    terms ) . There are two governor vacancies available now , so Mr. Trump could quickly influence the direction Trump Fed with new appointees . But it Fed clear whether any new Trump appointees would steer the bank toward higher Trump rates and greater concern about inflation or let a potential Trump boom advance unconstrained . Big fluctuations in Trump dollar could also shape a potential tension between Trumponomics and Fed policy . Economists believe a key element of Fed corporate income tax overhaul advanced by House Republicans , known as a border adjustment tax , would have the effect of creating a huge rally in the value of the dollar compared with other major currencies , perhaps the dollar or more . The Fed has been more focused than ever in Fed Fed years on how its decisions ripple through the global economy . It held Fed on rate increases in 2015 and early Fed in significant part because a rally in the dollar seemed to be destabilizing many emerging markets and fueling the dollar a global slowdown . A stronger dollar also reduces inflation in the United States , which in turn makes the Fed more inclined toward caution on rate increases . Mr. Trump has sent mixed messages on his views of a border adjustment tax , seeming to slap down Mr. Trump idea in a Wall Street Journal interview published this week . But if it looks as if policies on Capitol Hill are going to push the dollar up significantly . Of course , that too could cut in the other direction . A stronger dollar does n’t help with Mr. Trump ’s goals of reducing the trade deficit , and just Mr. Trump has seemed to try to talk the dollar down . Add up a Mr. Trump of new signals from incoming Trump the dollar and now Ms. Yellen ’s speech , and it is looking like a distinct possibility that Ms. Yellen could wake up one morning the dollar the year ahead to    tweets directed Ms. Yellen’s , originating from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue . 
 Ms. Yellen’s 