European banks have rushed to cut deals with prosecutors over longstanding claims that European banks pushed toxic mortgage securities in the years before the financial crisis . The payouts are steep : Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse said that Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse would disgorge nearly $ 13 billion combined to settle with the United States Justice Department . But with the clock ticking before    Donald J. Trump takes over , there appears to be an eagerness in Washington to conclude cases before a new , potentially more sympathetic , administration begins . As a result , these banks may have benefited from paying billions less than once proposed . The $ 7 . 2 billion settlement with Deutsche Bank was a relief on Friday to Deutsche Bank investors , who were rattled when Deutsche Bank emerged in September that prosecutors were seeking a penalty of as much as $ 14 billion . Shares of Deutsche Bank rose as much as 5 percent in Frankfurt , before settling up 0 . 8 percent . A smaller player in the    securities market , the British bank Barclays , appears to be willing to take its the British bank Barclays under the administration of Mr. Trump . Barclays said on Thursday that it Barclays " vigorously defend " itself Barclays court against a complaint brought by the Justice Department after settlement talks collapsed . Its Barclays fell 0 . 9 percent in London trading as investors weighed the legal risk . The government says that Barclays , which like Deutsche Bank has significant operations in New York , sold more than $ 31 billion in mortgage securities that turned out to be " catastrophic failures . " A decade ago , bundling and structuring mortgages on American homes into securities to be sold to investors around the world was a hugely profitable business for Wall Street banks , American American European . But as risky mortgages began tumbling into default , the securities turned toxic , and the resulting panic led to a global financial crisis in 2008 . Holding the Wall Street banks, American and European for that meltdown continues to be debated in political campaigns , books ,    articles and movies like " The Big Short . " The crackdown on banks for those tainted securities was the Obama Justice Department ’s biggest and most prominent    legal effort by far . Banks , most of them American the Obama Justice Department’s biggest and most prominent   legal effort by far have paid more $ 100 billion in settlements with the government . Yet the Obama administration has been criticized for allowing banks to write big checks to settle claims and for not prosecuting Wall Street executives . Now , as the end of the administration the Obama administration recent legal setbacks may have emboldened Barclays . ( The Swiss bank UBS and the Royal Bank of Scotland remain in settlement talks with the Justice Department . ) In May , a federal appeals court overturned a $ 1 . 27 billion penalty against Bank of America over the sale of troubled mortgages to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac . The appeals panel 27 billion penalty against Bank of America over the sale of troubled mortgages to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac did not provide sufficient evidence that either the bank ’s Countrywide unit Bank of America Countrywide executive had committed fraud in a Countrywide program known as " the hustle . " For its fight with the Justice Department , Barclays is bringing in a team of lawyers from Williams   Connolly who represented Bank of America in that case . Barclays will also rely on its usual Barclays at Sullivan   Cromwell Barclays Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse have been eager to move past their troubled legal legacies and overhaul their Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse banks . Credit Suisse said Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse Friday that it Credit Suisse $ 5 . 3 billion Credit Suisse its role in mortgage securities . For Deutsche Credit Suisse , a settlement lifts a Deutsche Bank had been hanging over the bank , and making it all the Deutsche Bank for its leader to break with its past . In Deutsche Bank years , its legal Deutsche Bank have surpassed mortgage securities to include Deutsche Bank benchmark interest rates and allegations of Russian money laundering . Since taking over in    John Cryan , Deutsche Bank ’s chief executive , has been trying to undo this legacy . But the settlement does not dispel doubts about whether Mr. Cryan can retain membership among the world ’s top investment banks . Especially in the United States , Deutsche Bank ’s ability to compete with Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Bank’s to be hampered by the costly settlement . And no institution can call itself a global investment the settlement strong presence on Wall Street . " It no institution the most important market for investment banking , " said Ingo Speich , no institution fund manager at Union Investment in Frankfurt . " If they want to offer investment banking services globally , they ca n’t get around the Ingo Speich, a fund manager at Union Investment in Frankfurt S. " One American tie of Deutsche Bank Ingo Speich, a fund manager at Union Investment in Frankfurt drawn attention lately . In a financial disclosure form filed in 2015 , Mr. Trump said that the wealth management Mr. Trump firms that managed his stock investments . His transition team Deutsche Bank said it had sold the   ’s stock holdings . In that same Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump that his businesses have loans His transition team mortgages from Deutsche worth as much as $ 125 million . Some critics Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump business and personal dealings with Deutsche Bank could pose a conflict of interest . As for Mr. Cryan , he Mr. Trump to pull off several transformations . He has been hacking away at a catalog of charges of wrongdoing and litigation that Mr. Cryan in the bank ’s most recent quarterly report Mr. Cryan required more than eight pages to explain . Other charges include violating international embargoes against countries Deutsche Bank and manipulating currency markets . In addition , Mr. Cryan has been trying to infuse the bank with a stronger sense of ethics to avoid future scandals . He also has been shrinking Mr. Cryan ’s assets   —    Deutsche Bank of its outstanding loans , derivatives and other holdings   —    to Mr. Cryan its need for Deutsche Bank stricter regulatory requirements . And he has been trying Deutsche Bank cut costs and improve efficiency , including laying off thousands of workers Deutsche Bank bringing order to the bank ’s Balkanized information technology systems . Mr. Cryan Deutsche Bank made acquisitions over the years to expand its services , it acquired a variety of computer systems Deutsche Bank properly integrated . American regulators have criticized Deutsche for not being able to provide information because of antiquated Deutsche Bank . Most Deutsche Bank , Mr. Cryan has been trying to convince investors and demoralized employees that Deutsche Bank can find new sources of profit and growth despite its setbacks . Only then can it avoid the fate of European rivals that have slashed their investment banks , Deutsche Bank Suisse . Deutsche Bank ’s supporters say it still has Deutsche Bank strengths . It ranks among Deutsche Bank top currency traders . With its operations in Frankfurt and London , the bank could benefit as Deutsche Bank operations to the Continent Deutsche Bank of Britain ’s vote to Deutsche Bank the European Union . The bank may also Deutsche Bank well positioned to take advantage of Deutsche Bank Europe ’s corporate bond markets . Companies in Europe tend to rely on traditional bank loans , but increasingly are turning to Deutsche Bank , as is already the case in the United States . Deutsche Bank is a leading issuer of corporate debt Europe And some clients are wary of the dominance of the big American investment banks and are eager to do business with a European bank instead . Deutsche Bank to capitalize on those opportunities are likely to be hampered for years by past errors . " The question is how many risks are still in the pipeline , " Mr. Speich of Union Investment said . " It ’s too early to say the worst is over . " 
 