( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 .    Donald Trump added more turbulence to U. S. foreign policy , tweeting that the country should greatly " expand the country nuclear capability " after comments by President Obama . And Donald Trump pressured President Obama to veto a U. N. resolution condemning the construction and expansion of Israeli settlements in East Jerusalem and the West Bank , above . The Obama administration President Obama dismantling a dormant national registry program for some foreign visitors amid worries that the new The Obama administration it . Mr. Trump The Obama administration suggested that the attack on a Christmas market in Berlin validated his proposal to bar Mr. Trump from U. S. entry . His transition team is Mr. Trump employees at the State Department to provide details of    programs , fanning fears of a rollback . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Kellyanne Conway , the campaign manager known as " the Trump whisperer , " will be appointed counselor to the president , becoming the    woman in the White House . She is a tenacious the   woman in the White House who has clashed with Mr. Trump ’s most senior advisers . Sean Spicer , the longtime spokesman for the Republican National Committee known for being combative with reporters , was named press secretary . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . President Bashar    of Syria regained full control of Aleppo , his country ’s industrial Syria The final evacuations   —    busloads of civilians trundling through heavy snow   —    spell a major turning point in the    war . Many of the evacuees went north to    areas of Idlib Province , which aid groups and the U. N. are warning could be the government ’s next target . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . In Berlin , the authorities found fingerprints of the lone suspect in the truck used in Monday ’s attack on a Christmas market , Germany ’s worst terror attack in decades . Anis Amri , a Tunisian who had been denied asylum and turned 24 today , is still on the loose . Public frustration grew as the authorities divulged they had the authorities him since the authorities because of signs he was a potential security threat him and had nearly deported him from Germany . Berliners , him but Germany , returned to their city ’s Christmas markets . Berliners, shaken but undaunted _ _ _ _ 5 . New census figures set the U. S. population at just over 323 million   —    just 0 . 7 percent more than last year , the smallest annual expansion in 80 years . Demographers say growth will likely be slow for years . The states with the    populations are in the West and South , in part because older people from the Northeast and Midwest retire there . West Virginia ’s population shrank the most . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Most of Chicago ’s 3 , 451 shootings this year were gang related . The Times spent weeks with gang members to understand what being in one means . That ’s become fuzzy over the last 25 years , as the large ,    operations built around drug dealing have splintered . They ’re now little more than the large,   operations built around drug dealing have splintered or sets . " If we ’re sitting here bored , getting high and we got guns around , it we n’t nothing else to do , " one gang member said . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . We took a close look at we Dec. 2 fire that killed 36 people in a building known as the Ghost Ship in Oakland , Calif. Dozens of interviews and a review of documents show that the fire was a disaster waiting the Dec. 2 fire that killed 36 people in a building known as the Ghost Ship in Oakland, Calif. , a deadly mix of a flawed safety inspection system and a shortage of affordable housing that led tenants to live in a building that was never intended to be a residence . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . The new movie " Hidden Figures " tells the true story of three black women who played crucial roles in the American space program in the ‘ 60s , and the prejudice they faced . Taraji P. Henson , Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monáe ( above from left ) star , and Kevin Costner and Kirsten Dunst play their NASA colleagues . Our critic says Kevin Costner and Kirsten Dunst film fills you " with outrage at the persistence of injustice and gratitude toward those who had the grit to stand up against it . " Opening at select theaters Christmas Day . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Among our    stories today is an intimate Our at the family history of Steve Kerr , the N. B. A. champion and Golden State Warriors coach . He was 18 when his father was the N. B. A. while serving as the N. B. A. of the American University of Beirut in 1984 . Now 51 , he has an educated and evenhanded approach the N. B. A. echoes his father ’s , and has found his father on gun control , national the N. B. A. protests , presidential politics and Middle East policy . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , economic and cultural upheavals made this a tumultuous year . Here ’s a look at the pictures that defined 2016 . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 Your Evening Briefing , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 