( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Protesters near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation have won a round , but few think Protesters near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation fight against an oil pipeline is over . The Department of the Army said on Sunday that The Department of the Army would seek an alternate route for an oil pipeline , but some uncertainty remains   —      Donald J. Trump supports the project and his Donald J. Trump could undo the the Army the Army Above , veterans joined the protesters . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . A mistrial was declared in the case of a white former police officer in South Carolina who shot an unarmed black man in the back last year . The jury , a panel of 11 white people and a black man , said it would not be able to reach a unanimous verdict . On Friday , the jury had The jury, a panel of 11 white people and a black man it was within a The jury, a panel of 11 white people and a black man vote of convicting Michael Slager , who was captured on video firing the fatal shots at Walter Scott . _ _ _ _ _ 3 .    movements across Europe are among the winners after a constitutional referendum in Italy failed and the country ’s prime minister , Matteo Renzi , above , resigned . The vote deepened concerns that Italian banks could spiral into disaster and worries about the endurance of the euro . In Britain , the Supreme Court began what is expected to be four days of hearings on the government ’s efforts to retain a free hand in organizing the exit from the European Union . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . The North Carolina man who was arrested for firing a rifle in a popular Washington pizzeria confirmed he was motivated by a fake news story about a suspected child trafficking ring allegedly running out of the restaurant and led by Hillary Clinton . Edgar Welch , above , told police he went to the he to " the restaurant pedophilia hoax . Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , Mr. Trump ’s choice for national security adviser , is under scrutiny for sharing similar conspiracy theories about Mrs. Clinton . _ _ Hillary Clinton _ 5 . Ben Carson , who endorsed Mr. Trump after ending his own presidential bid , was Mr. Trump as secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development . He has no experience in government Mr. Trump expertise in housing policy , but he opposes government programs that he Mr. Trump encourage " dependency . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump is expected to fill Mr. Trump of other domestic positions this week . So far , he ’s selected a mix of wealthy Mr. Trump , Republican insiders and former military officers . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Tensions between China and Mr. Trump are escalating , even before Mr. Trump takes office . A    editorial in the overseas edition of People ’s Daily , the official organ of the Communist Party of China , denounced Mr. Trump for speaking with China ’s president Mr. Trump Mr. Trump posted messages on Twitter that stepped up Mr. Trump Beijing . The Taiwanese appear to be cautiously embracing Mr. Trump ’s attention . _ _ _ _ _ Mr. Trump death toll from a warehouse fire in California could continue to rise as the search for victims may go on for days , authorities said .    people have now been found dead 11 of the victims have been positively identified . We spoke with residents of victims , who described persistent electrical problems and their escape from the inferno . " It was like something out of a horror film , " one woman said . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . Gov. Pat McCrory of North Carolina , above , has conceded in his bid for    giving the national Democratic Party a rare cause for Gov. Pat McCrory of North Carolina . Mr. McCrory , a Republican , drew nationwide attention during his one term for signing a law limiting bathroom access for transgender people Gov. Pat McCrory of North Carolina Roy Cooper , a Democrat , declared victory on election night , but the win was contested . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . " We must never repeat the horror of war . " Prime Minister Shinzo Abe ’s announcement that he will visit Pearl Harbor , the U. S. naval base that Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s in World War II , effectively reciprocates President Obama ’s May trip to the Japanese city of Hiroshima , above , where the U. S. used a nuclear bomb to end the war . Mr. Abe ’s visit to Hawaii is set for Dec. 26 and 27 Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s weeks after the 75th anniversary of the attack in Hawaii , which happened on Dec. 7 , 1941 . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . One of our    stories today was not the one that we intended to report . Our journalists went to the small town of Iraan our Tex . on Friday our chronicle the high school ’s undefeated football team playing a state quarterfinal game . They won . But on the way home , an    lost control and the high school’s undefeated football team playing a state quarterfinal game with a bus carrying the team ’s cheerleaders . Liz Pope , above , a fixture of the the high school’s undefeated football team playing a state quarterfinal game died and several others were injured . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Bob Dylan sent the Nobel Prize committee a speech to be read on his behalf when he is awarded the literature prize in Stockholm on Saturday . Patti Smith Bob Dylan the musician Bob Dylan writer , will perform his " A Hard Rain ’s    Fall " as a tribute . _ _ _ Bob Dylan _ 12 . ’Tis the season to purchase Christmas figurines of famous people squatting to defecate . The unusual holiday tradition from northeastern Spain is not meant to denigrate the politicians and celebrities portrayed . They ’re actually a nod to the    use of human waste as fertilizer . First the politicians and celebrities portrayed in the 18th century , the small sculptures are usually placed in a Nativity scene . Politicians from the U. S. have been particularly popular this year . Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing Your Evening Briefing 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s Friday ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 