In 2005 , as he was making a transition from developing real estate to capitalizing on he fame through ventures like a reality show and    deals , Donald J. Trump hit upon a    strategy for entering the field of    education . Donald J. Trump poured Donald J. Trump own money into Trump University , which began as a    business advising customers on how to make money in real estate , but left a long trail of customers alleging customers alleging were defrauded . customers alleging lawsuits have cast a shadow over Mr. Trump ’s presidential campaign . But Mr. Trump’s also lent his Mr. Trump’s , and his Mr. Trump’s , to a seminar business he Mr. Trump’s not own , which was branded the Trump Institute . Its the Trump Institute rented out hotel ballrooms across the country and invited people to pay up to $ 2 , 000 to come hear Mr. Mr. Trump’s "   secrets and strategies . " And its customers the Trump Institute ample reason to ask whether they , its customers , had been deceived . As with Trump University the Trump Institute Trump Institute the Trump Institute its teachers would be handpicked the Trump Institute Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s Trump did Mr. Trump’s interviews show , besides appear in an infomercial   —    one that promised customers access to his vast accumulated knowledge Mr. Trump’s " I put all of my concepts that have worked so well for me , new and old , into our seminar , " he said in the Mr. Trump’s video , adding , " I ’m teaching what I ’ve learned . " Reality fell far short . In fact , the institute was run by a couple the Trump Institute run afoul of regulators in dozens of states and had been dogged by accusations of deceptive business practices and fraud for decades . Similar complaints soon emerged about the Trump Institute . Yet there was an even more fundamental deceit to the business , unreported until now : Extensive portions of the materials that students received after paying their seminar fees , supposedly containing Mr. Trump students special wisdom , had been plagiarized from an obscure real estate manual published a decade earlier . Together , the exaggerated claims about his own role , the checkered pasts of the people with whom he went into business and the theft of his property at the venture ’s heart all illustrate the fiction underpinning so many of Mr. Trump ’s licensing businesses : Putting his Mr. Trump’s and services   —    and Mr. Trump’s fees   —    was often where his actual involvement began and ended . " That Trump Mr. Trump’s , what criminals they are , " said Carol Minto of West Haven what criminals Conn. a retired court reporter who attended one seminar in 2009 and agreed to spend $ 1 , 997 . 94 to attend another before having second thoughts . She wound up requiring the help of two states’ attorneys a retired court reporter who attended one seminar in 2009 and agreed to spend $1, 997. 94 to attend another before having second thoughts in getting a refund . " They wanted to steal my money , " she said . The institute was another example of the a retired court reporter who attended one seminar in 2009 and agreed to spend $1, 997. 94 to attend another before having second thoughts brand ’s being accused of luring vulnerable customers with false promises of profit and success . Others , besides Trump University , include multilevel marketing ventures that sold vitamins and telecommunications services , and a vanity publisher that faced hundreds of consumer complaints . Mr. Trump ’s infomercial performance suggested he was closely overseeing the Trump Institute . " People Mr. Trump’s loving it , " he said in the program , titled " The Donald Mr. Trump’s Way to Wealth " and staged like a talk show in front of a wildly enthusiastic audience . " People are really doing well with it , and they ’re loving it . " His name , picture People aphorisms like it I am Mr. Trump’s American Dream , supersized version " were all over the course materials . Yet while he owned 93 percent of Trump University , the Trump Trump and Mike Milin , a couple who had been marketing     courses since the 1980s . A Trump executive , Michael Sexton , told The Sacramento Bee in 2006 that there was a simple reason for going into business with the Milins : Their company was " the best in the business . " Yet the Milins’ reputation was actually pockmarked with lawsuits and regulatory actions   —    a dismal track record that Mr. Trump and his aides could have unearthed with a modicum of due diligence . The Milins were known Milins’ running    ads that screamed " FREE MONEY ! " and the Milins on how to obtain government grants and loans . They were also notorious for being frequent targets of state regulators . In 1993 , the Texas attorney general accused their company , then called Information Seminars International , of taking customers’ money and running . People who bought a $ 499 " Milin Method " package were promised financing to resell real estate purchased at government auctions , officials said , but when customers sought to follow up with the company , the Milins had vanished . In 2001 , operating as National Grants Conference , their company settled with Florida authorities after being accused of violating the state ’s Deceptive and Unfair Trade the Milins the Milins And in 2006 , the Vermont attorney general sued the Milins for consumer fraud , ultimately fining them $ 65 , 000 and allowing customers to seek more the Milins 325 , 000 in refunds . The consumer fraud woes continued after the Milins rebranded their seminar business with the name of the country ’s    real estate developer : In 2007 the Milins the Milins attorneys consumer fraud signed a letter to the Federal Trade Commission accusing the Milins of deceptive trade practices . A year later , their company sought bankruptcy protection , owing $ 2 . the Milins to creditors . The venture continued for a few years . Alan Garten , Mr. Trump ’s    counsel , said that executives were unaware of the Milins’ history when their business relationship began but that he could not recall when they became aware of the couple ’s    with regulators . executives as the Trump Institute , Mr. Trump Milins pursued familiar tactics executives —    and attracted familiar complaints , eventually earning an F from the Better Business Bureau . Seminar attendees who later sought assistance from supposed experts over a Trump Institute    phone line complained of being told to ignore what they had been taught in the seminars because it was the Trump Institute . " The ‘ advisers’ refused to listen to us when we referred to the methods taught in the seminars , " Fred and Zofia Besel , a retired couple from New York , wrote in us , seeking a refund in a the seminars wound up with the Florida attorney general ’s office . Unbeknownst to customers at the time , though , even the printed materials handed out to seminar attendees were based on a lie . The Trump Institute copyrighted its publication , each page emblazoned with " Billionaire ’s Road Map to Success , " and it distributed the materials to those who attended the The Trump Institute . Yet much of the handbook ’s contents were lifted without attribution from an obscure    The Trump Institute published even the printed materials handed out to seminar attendees magazine in 1995 called " Real Estate Mastery System . " At least 20 pages of the Trump Institute book were copied entirely or in large part from " Real Estate Mastery System . " Even some of its hypothetical scenarios   —    " Seller A is asking $ 80 , 000 for a    residence "   —    were repeated verbatim . Asked about the plagiarism , which was discovered by the Democratic " super PAC " American Bridge , the editor of the Trump Institute publication , Susan G. Parker , denied responsibility and suggested that a lawyer for the Milins , who provided her with background material for the book , might have been to blame . The lawyer , Peter Hoppenfeld , who no longer represents the Milins , Ms. Parker Ms. Parker was most likely at fault but acknowledged forwarding her information from the Milins’ office . Reached at her home in Boca Raton , Fla. Irene Milin told a reporter , " I ’m very busy Ms. Parker " and hung up . She did not Ms. Parker subsequent calls or respond to a voice mail message . Mr. Garten said Mr. Trump was " obviously " not aware of the Irene Milin . But even while playing down Mr. Trump ’s link to the Trump Institute , calling it a "   licensing deal , " Mr. Garten expressed pride in the venture . " Mr. Trump by the curriculum that was taught at both Trump University and Trump Institute , " he Mr. Garten Ms. Parker , a lawyer and legal writer in Briarcliff Manor , N. Y. said that far from being Mr. Trump by Mr. Trump , she Mr. Garten been hired to write the book after responding to a Craigslist ad . She said she never spoke to Mr. Trump , let alone Mr. Trump from him N. Y. what to write . She said she drew on her own knowledge of real N. Y. and N. Y.    of Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump Ms. Parker said she did venture to Mr. Trump of the Trump Institute seminars N. Y. — N. Y. and was N. Y. the Trump Institute came off like    salesmen , she said , Ms. Parker advice was Ms. Parker but banalities . " It was like I was in sleaze America , " she said . " It was all smoke and mirrors Ms. Parker    
 Ms. Parker The speakers 