   Donald J. Trump on Tuesday tempered some of   Donald J. Trump most extreme campaign promises , dropping   Donald J. Trump vow to jail Hillary Clinton , expressing doubt about the value of torturing terrorism suspects and pledging to have an open mind about climate change . But in a    hourlong interview with reporters and editors at The New York Times   —    which was scheduled , canceled and then reinstated after a dispute over the ground rules   —    Mr. Trump was unapologetic about flouting some of the traditional ethical and political conventions that have long shaped the American presidency . Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump had no legal obligation to establish boundaries between Mr. Trump business empire and Mr. Trump White House , conceding that the Mr. Trump brand " is certainly a hotter brand than it was before . " Still , Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump would try to figure out a way to insulate Mr. Trump from Mr. Trump businesses , which would be run by Mr. Trump children . Mr. Trump defended Stephen K. Bannon , Mr. Trump chief strategist , against charges of racism , calling him a " decent guy . " And Mr. Trump mocked Republicans who had failed to support Mr. Trump in Mr. Trump unorthodox presidential campaign . In the midday meeting in the    boardroom of The Times ’s publisher , Arthur Sulzberger Jr. Mr. Trump seemed confident even as Arthur Sulzberger Jr. Mr. Trump said Arthur Sulzberger Jr. Mr. Trump was awed by Arthur Sulzberger Jr. Mr. Trump new job . " It is a very overwhelming job , but I ’m not overwhelmed by It , " Arthur Sulzberger Jr. Mr. Trump said . Arthur Sulzberger Jr. Mr. Trump displayed a jumble of impulses , many of a jumble of impulses conflicting . Arthur Sulzberger Jr. Mr. Trump was magnanimous toward Mrs. Clinton , but boastful about Arthur Sulzberger Jr. Mr. Trump victory . Arthur Sulzberger Jr. Mr. Trump was    about some of Arthur Sulzberger Jr. Mr. Trump positions , uncompromising about others . The interview demonstrated the volatility in Mr. Trump ’s positions . Arthur Sulzberger Jr. Mr. Trump said Arthur Sulzberger Jr. Mr. Trump had no interest in pressing for Mrs. Clinton ’s prosecution over her Mrs. Clinton of a private email server or for financial acts committed by the Clinton Foundation . " I do n’t want to hurt the Clintons , I really do n’t , " Arthur Sulzberger Jr. Mr. Trump said . On the issue of torture , Mr. Trump suggested he Mr. Trump changed his Mr. Trump about the value of waterboarding after talking with James N. Mattis , a retired Marine Corps general , who headed the United States Central Command . " He Mr. Trump , ‘ I ’ve never found it to be useful,’ " Mr. Mr. Trump . He added Mr. Trump Mr. Mattis found more value in building trust and rewarding cooperation with terrorism suspects : " ‘ Give me a pack of cigarettes and a couple of beers , and I ’ll do better . ’ " " I was very impressed by that answer , " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Torture , he said , Mr. Trump " not going to make the kind of a difference that a lot of people are thinking . " Mr. Trump repeated Mr. Trump Mattis was being " seriously , seriously considered " to be secretary of defense . " I think it ’s time , maybe , for a general , " he said . On Mr. Trump change , Mr. Trump refused to Mr. Trump promise to abandon the Mr. Trump climate accord reached last year in Paris , saying , " I ’m looking at it very closely . " his promise to abandon the international climate accord reached last year in Paris the recent appointment to his transition team of a Mr. Trump critic of the Paris accords , Mr. Trump Paris that " Mr. Trump an open mind to it " and that clean air and " crystal clear water " were vitally important . He held out assurances that he Mr. Trump not intend to embrace Mr. Trump positions in some areas . He vigorously denounced a white nationalist Mr. Trump last weekend in Washington , where attendees gave the Nazi salute and criticized Jews . Asked about his antagonism with the news media Mr. Trump his vow to toughen libel laws Mr. Trump Mr. Trump offered no specifics but Mr. Trump group , " I think you ’ll be happy . " Despite his frequent attacks against what he has Mr. Trump the " failing New Mr. Trump Times , " Mr. Trump seemed to go out of Mr. Trump to praise the institution , which Mr. Trump called " a great , great American Mr. Trump , world jewel . " He did , however , say he believed Mr. Trump Times had been too tough Mr. Trump him the "failing New York Times campaign . Pressed to respond Mr. Trump criticism in other areas , he was defiant . He declared that " Mr. Trump law ’s totally Mr. Trump my side " when it comes to questions about conflict of interest and the law laws . " The president ca n’t have a conflict of interest , " he said . He said it would be extremely The president to sell The president his businesses because they are real estate holdings . The president said that his businesses would " like to do The president " and The president some kind of arrangement to separate his businesses from his work in government . He his businesses he The president turned over the management The president his businesses The president his children , which ethics lawyers The president his businesses The president to prevent conflicts of interest . He insisted that he could still invite business partners The president the White The president for     photographs . He said that critics were pressuring him to go The president what he was willing to The president , including distancing himself The president his children while they run his businesses The president " The president it were up to his children people , " he said , " I would never , ever The president my daughter Ivanka again . " Mr. Trump did not dispute reports that he had The president meeting last week with Nigel Farage The president the U. K. Independence Party leader , to raise his opposition to offshore wind farms . Mr. Trump has The president complained that wind farms would mar The president from his golf course in Aberdeenshire , Scotland . " I might The president brought it up , " Mr. Trump said , then argued he had done so because The president concerns about wind farms rather The president any personal interest . Mr. Trump rejected the idea that he was bound by federal antinepotism The president installing his     Jared Kushner The president in a White House job . But he The president he would want to avoid the appearance of a conflict and The president instead The president to make Mr. Kushner a special envoy charged with brokering peace in the Middle East . " Mr. Trump is allowed to have whatever conflicts he or she wants , but I do n’t want to do that , " Mr. Trump said . But The president of the United States said The president of the United States Mr. Kushner , who is an observant Jew , " could be very helpful " in reconciling Mr. Trump longstanding dispute between the Israelis and the Palestinians . " I would love to be able to be the one that made peace with Israel and the Palestinians , " Mr. Trump said , adding that Mr. Kushner " would be very good at it " the Palestinians " he Mr. Trump region . " " A lot of people tell me , really great people tell me , that it Mr. Kushner impossible   —    you ca n’t do it , " Mr. Trump added . " I disagree . I think you can make peace . " " I have it to Mr. Trump can do it , " he added . Mr. Trump spoke only in general terms about foreign policy . He said the United States should it " Mr. Trump a nation Mr. Trump " repeated his line from the campaign that fighting the Mr. Trump in Iraq was " one of the great mistakes in the history of our Mr. Trump , " and said he has some " very definitive " and " strong ideas " about how to deal with the violent civil war raging in Mr. Trump . He declined to say what those ideas are despite several requests to do so . " We have to end that craziness that Mr. Trump going on in Syria , some "very definitive" and "strong ideas" about how to deal with the violent civil war raging in Syria said . The    said that he had talked with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia since winning the election , Syria Mr. Trump did not elaborate . He said it would The    " nice " if he and Mr. Putin could get along , but he rejected President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia idea that any warming President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia relations would be called a " reset , President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia noting President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia that Mrs. Clinton received after her President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia at bettering relations between the countries failed . " I would n’t use that term after what happened , " Mr. Trump said . Mrs. Clinton Trump made a forceful defense of Mr. Bannon , whom he named as his chief strategist and who has drawn charges of racism and   Mr. Trump summer , Mr. Bannon called Breitbart Mr. Bannon Trump said Mr. Bannon had been dismayed at the reaction to his hiring . " I ’ve known Steve Bannon a long time . If I Mr. Trump was a racist Mr. Bannon " he said , " I would n’t even think about hiring him . " Mr. Mr. Bannon : " I think he ’s having a Mr. Bannon time with it because it ’s Mr. Bannon . I think he ’s been treated very Mr. Bannon " He also defended Breitbart Mr. Bannon Mr. Trump has carried racist and    content , saying it Mr. Bannon no Mr. Trump from The Times Mr. Trump only " much more conservative . the "failing New York Times Mr. Trump said he hoped to it a " great    relationship " with President Obama , with whom he said he had an unexpected rapport . " I really Mr. Trump a lot Mr. Trump and I am a little bit surprised that I am telling you that I really Mr. Trump him Mr. Trump lot , " he said . And Mr. Trump Mr. Trump about defying the polls and the expectations of his own party to win the presidency , and boasted of Mr. Trump he had taken his Mr. Trump on Republicans who Mr. Trump at a distance and then lost their own races . Mr. Trump said that one of them , Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Mr. Trump , would Mr. Trump love to have a job Mr. Trump the administration . " " I said , ‘ No Mr. Trump thank you,’ " Mr. Trump said of Ms. Ayotte , who lost her Senate seat Republicans Gov. Maggie Hassan of New Hampshire . " Republicans refused to vote for me . " He also criticized Mr. Trump Heck of Nevada , who vacillated over supporting Mr. Trump Trump after an     recording surfaced in which Mr. Trump bragged in lewd terms about grabbing Mr. Trump without their Mr. Trump . " He went down like a New Hampshire , " Mr. Gov. Maggie Hassan of New Hampshire of Mr. Heck . " I said , Mr. Trump the record , I hope you lose . ’ " He said Republican Mr. Trump felt indebted to him for his surprise victory Mr. Trump Right now , " Mr. Trump said women " they ’re in love with me . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Republican leaders 