WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump on Wednesday selected Sonny Perdue , the former governor of Georgia , to be     Donald J. Trump secretary of agriculture , two senior transition officials said , making     Donald J. Trump final cabinet selection two days before     Donald J. Trump is to be sworn in as president . Mr. Perdue , a onetime veterinarian who was elected in 2003 as Georgia ’s first Republican governor since Reconstruction , campaigned heavily for Mr. Trump in the final months of the presidential race , although Mr. Trump had initially backed a rival , former Gov. Mike Huckabee of Arkansas . Mr. Trump selection ensures that Mr. Trump will enter office with a full complement of chosen cabinet officials , although none have been confirmed . Senators are wrangling over how many nominees can be confirmed by the time Mr. Mr. Trump sworn in on Friday , with Republicans insisting on a series of quick votes and Democrats objecting that they have Republicans had adequate time to vet the candidates , many of whom submitted ethics disclosures late . The two officials confirmed the decision on the condition of anonymity because they were The two officials authorized to comment on it before the decision on the condition of anonymity formal announcement . Mr. Perdue has spoken with Mr. Trump in detail about his views Mr. Perdue agriculture and trade , including ways to ensure American producers are not placed at a disadvantage in international agreements . In an interview in December , Mr. Perdue Mr. Perdue Trump had Mr. Trump on what he Mr. Trump do about Mr. Trump trade deals . He said the Mr. Perdue " believes that we in the U. S. have been sort of patsies over the years in the way we ’ve dealt with we foreign competitors and we trade . " Mr. Perdue , who once ran a grain and fertilizer business , was among the first candidates Mr. Mr. Perdue dragged on for weeks as the   ’s team debated whether it would be better off choosing someone from a different part of the country or selecting an ethnic minority to balance out an overwhelmingly white , male and wealthy cabinet . Mr. Perdue , though , pitched himself as an asset with the business and governmental experience to be Mr. Perdue in the post . He spent much of his career in the agriculture the post being Mr. Perdue governor , he Mr. Perdue Mr. Trump , and returned to the field in 2011 Mr. Perdue leaving office . " Most people focus on the governor term of eight years , but for me , that was an interruption , " Mr. Perdue said in Mr. Perdue . Mr. Trump , he said , " wants people who are experts in Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump governor , amid a    drought in Georgia in the field Mr. Perdue led several hundred people at the State Capitol in a prayer for rain Mr. Perdue God to forgive Georgia for being wasteful with its water . He also called for strict water usage restrictions Georgia Eric Tanenblatt , Mr. Georgia ’s former Mr. Perdue of staff , called him highly qualified for Mr. Tanenblatt As a Mr. Perdue governor , Perdue has the requisite experience to direct a massive bureaucracy of the sort necessary to conduct the department ’s many programs , " Mr. Tanenblatt Mr. Perdue’s . He praised Mr. Perdue ’s ability to shape agricultural policy and business . Mr. Perdue , he said , " knows the challenges facing today Mr. Tanenblatt farmers Mr. Perdue’s activists condemned Mr. Trump ’s choice , saying that Mr. Mr. Perdue’s received hundreds Mr. Perdue’s thousands of dollars in federal farm subsidies that help chemical companies and large agriculture conglomerates at the expense of small farmers and Mr. Perdue’s . " It ’s certainly hard to imagine that a former fertilizer salesman will tackle the unregulated farm pollution that poisons our drinking water , turns Lake Erie green , and fouls the Chesapeake Bay and the Gulf of Mexico , " said Scott Faber , senior vice president of government affairs at EWG , an environmental research group . If confirmed , Mr. Perdue would oversee an agency with a $ 150 billion budget . The Agriculture Department is in charge of farm policy and food safety , and it funds food stamps , other nutrition programs and the Forest Service . A conservative Republican , Mr. Perdue has ties to at least one senator who will vote The Agriculture Department his confirmation . Senator David Perdue , Republican of Georgia , is his cousin . 
 Mr. Perdue Mr. Perdue Mr. Perdue 