The NBC presidential forum on Wednesday night in Manhattan brought together the candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump to try to determine who has the strength , preparation and presence of mind to lead during a time of crisis . It sure was n’t Matt Lauer . In an event aboard the decommissioned aircraft carrier Intrepid , the " Today " host was lost at sea . Seemingly unprepared on military and foreign policy specifics , Matt Lauer performed like a soldier sent on a mission without ammunition , beginning with a disorganized offensive , ending in a humiliating retreat . Matt Lauer interviewed the candidates in turn for a    each . He Matt Lauer by asking Mrs. Clinton to defend her Mrs. Clinton of a private email server as secretary of state . And asking again . And again . Roughly a third of his Matt Lauer dealt with the emails   —    a matter certainly connected to national security , but also a staple issue of this year ’s    reporting . It suggested , as the rest of the forum confirmed , that Mr. Lauer was steadiest handling issues familiar to anyone with a passing knowledge of the morning politics headlines . That emphasis left relatively little time for the the forum    and military subjects . Mr. Lauer and the audience asked about complex topics   —    the Middle East , terrorism , veterans’ affairs   —    and Mr. Lauer Mr. Lauer simple answers . " As briefly as you can , " he injected when Mr. Lauer audience member asked how Mrs. Clinton would decide whether to deploy troops against the Islamic State . There ’s a difference between an interviewer who has questions and one who has knowledge , and Mr. Lauer illustrated Mr. Lauer He seemed to be Mr. Lauer through a checklist , not listening in the moment in a way that led to productive   . Short on time , he repeatedly interrupted Mrs. Mr. Lauer in a Mrs. Clinton did n’t with Mr. Lauer Trump . ( " Let me finish , " she protested at one point Mrs. Clinton ) Candidates should expect to be challenged . They ’re applying for a Candidates job . But where Mr. Lauer treated Mrs. Mr. Lauer someone running for Mrs. Clinton he treated Mr. Trump like Mr. Lauer running to figure Mr. Trump to be president , eventually . That interview was the apotheosis of this presidential campaign ’s forced marriage of entertainment and news . The host of NBC ’s morning show interviewed the former star of its reality show " The Apprentice , " The host of NBC’s morning show the whole thing played out as farce . Like Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Trump has had a few controversies related to the military . You might recall him feuding with a Gold Star family , Mr. Trump mocking Senator John McCain of Arizona for being captured in Vietnam , or likening his    attendance to military experience . Mr. Mr. Trump evidently did n’t recall any of that . He kicked off by asking Mr. Trump what Mr. Lauer his life had prepared him to be president Mr. Lauer the kind of Mr. Lauer ball    question you ask the boss ’s nephew you know you have to hire anyway . Mr. Lauer did press the Republican candidate on Mr. Lauer of a " secret plan " to Mr. Lauer the Islamic State and his repeated praise of Vladimir V. Putin , the Mr. Lauer of Russia , leading Mr. Trump to cite the Russian authoritarian ’s poll numbers and compare him favorably with President Obama . In general , Mr. Trump , Mr. Lauer ’s questioning of Mr. Trump was like watching one student quiz another Mr. Trump for a test neither had done the reading for . The host asked soft    questions that invited the candidate to answer with word clouds . Mr. Lauer prefaced one question by saying that " nobody Mr. Lauer you " to have read deeply into foreign policy before running for president . He asked Mr. Trump if he would be " prepared on Mr. Lauer 1 , " a Mr. Trump question that will elicit only one answer from any candidate not about to drop out . Most egregiously , Mr. Lauer allowed Mr. Trump to repeat , unchallenged , the Mr. Lauer that he Mr. Trump the war in Iraq when , as reported by Mr. Lauer , he supported the invasion on record in 2002 . Any minimally prepared Mr. Lauer would have been ready for that claim , even if Mrs. Clinton had not earlier rebutted it in the false claim that he had opposed the war in Iraq Mr. Lauer ’s face . NBC News has a vast staff of anchors and reporters . Why turn over the grilling to a guy who had a hard enough time questioning Ryan Lochte ? Giving a showcase to your top morning host works only if you ’re showcasing something the host does well . Maybe the thinking was that Mr. Lauer would have your top morning host wheels in a format that was n’t a Mr. Lauer In fact , he asked each candidate not to attack the other in answers , an absurd request Mr. Lauer neither one followed anyway . ( Though again , Mr. Lauer criticized only Mrs. Clinton for it . ) But the forum was a Mr. Lauer introductory skirmish before the debates . It gave the candidates a chance to practice , to scout each other   —    and the forum all , to test the current news media waters , to see how willing a network anchor is to challenge and correct . Mr. Lauer , fortunately , is not going to moderate a presidential debate . But Fox Mr. Lauer Chris Wallace is , and he recently said that he did not consider it his job to    candidates as a moderator . Chris Wallace ’s not mistake Chris Wallace this helps most : Chris Wallace    website PolitiFact has found far more false statements Fox News’s Mr. Trump than from Mrs. Clinton . Why would a journalist be allergic to verifying the truth ? On an MSNBC panel , Chris Matthews guessed that Mr. Lauer did n’t correct Mr. Trump on Iraq because of perceptions . " You have to call the guy a liar when Mr. Trump " he said . " That ’s the difficult thing for a Matt Lauer to do , because it sounds like an the guy . " But it ’s not . When a candidate says he did n’t say something that he did , that ’s a matter it fact . Here ’s what an opinion a candidate like : It ’s a a candidate to be steamrollered by a candidate because you ’re worried that doing your job will look bad an opinion To put it in military terms , weakness is an invitation to attack . Going into the debates , what we saw at an opinion ’s forum should make you very , very worried about our first line of defense . 
 we 