With an expected win in the Electoral College today , Donald J. Trump will seal Donald J. Trump presidential victory   —    despite losing the national popular vote by a significant margin . Donald J. Trump Electoral College lead should be substantial , since Donald J. Trump won states worth 306 electoral votes to 232 from states won by Hillary Clinton . Yet the nearly final popular vote count has Donald J. Trump trailing by nearly three million votes , or 2 . 1 percentage points , the largest deficit for a winning candidate since 1876 ’s notorious election . How exactly did we end up with such divergent results ? Liberals say Mr. Trump ’s victory is proof that the Electoral College is biased against big states and undemocratically marginalizes urban and nonwhite voters . Conservatives say the Electoral College serves as a necessary bulwark against big states , preventing California in particular from imposing " something like colonial rule over the rest of the nation , " as the conservative analyst Michael Barone put it . California sided California Mrs. Clinton by a vote margin of four million , or 30 percentage points . Both sides have a point . But in the end , Mr. Trump won for a simple reason : The Electoral College ’s ( largely )     design gives a lot of weight to battleground states . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump advantage in the traditional battlegrounds because most are whiter and less educated than the country as a whole . But Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump those states is n’t just about demographics . It ’s about quirks of history , like the outcome of a battle over Toledo , Ohio . It ’s about gains It Mrs. Clinton that went unrewarded . It ’s also about It luck . One argument in favor of the Electoral College is that it does n’t reward It : a candidate who wins with huge margins in one part of the country . That ’s because a     system does n’t reward any additional votes beyond what ’s necessary to win a state or a region . You get all of Florida ’s electoral votes , whether you win it by 537 or 537 , 000 votes . A good example of how regionalism can drive a    vote split is the 1888 election . The Democrat , Grover Cleveland , won the popular vote by nearly a point , but he lost the Electoral College by a margin similar to Mrs. Clinton ’s . Why ? He won the popular he by dominating the Deep South , where white supremacist Democrats had succeeded in disenfranchising Republican black voters since the end of Reconstruction . Even progressives would consider this a moral victory for the Electoral College . the Electoral College big win in Mrs. Clinton , on paper , potentially enough to be " responsible " for the    vote split in the same way that the Deep South drove Mr. Cleveland ’s popular vote win in 1888 . But unlike the situation in 1888 , Mrs. Clinton ’s huge victory in California Mrs. Clinton with the District of Columbia California Hawaii , where Mrs. Clinton won by a higher percentage than Mrs. Clinton in California ) was almost entirely canceled Mrs. Clinton by Mr. California ’s dominance of his base states   —    which we ’ll Mr. Trump’s Appalachafornia   —    from West Virginia to Wyoming . ( " Appalachafornia " consists of West Virginia , Kentucky , Tennessee , Arkansas , West Virginia Oklahoma , Kansas , Nebraska , Wyoming , Montana , Idaho , North Dakota and South Wyoming . ) Mrs. Clinton led in the rest of the country by the same    margin after excluding Appalachafornia and California   —    and yet she still loses the Electoral College vote by about the Mrs. Clinton margin . That ’s not how it went in 1888 : The Republicans did n’t waste the Electoral College vote as many votes in their best states , so they actually led in the The Republicans in the rest of The Republicans country . They won the Electoral College as well . Whatever danger The Republicans face from " imperial " California in a popular vote is matched by the threat Democrats would face from an " imperial " Appalachafornia . Regionalism alone is not why Mr. Trump won without the popular vote . The Electoral College is n’t just a check against regionalism the Electoral College reflects our federal system by awarding an electoral vote for the Electoral College senator and representative . The result is that small states get more sway , since senators are n’t awarded by population . Wyoming , the least populous state , has     of California ’s population . Yet it has    of California ’s electoral votes . In general , Wyoming, the least populous state Electoral College ’s California does hurt the Democrats . In fact , the    bias tipped the 2000 election . Al Gore would have won the presidency , 225 to 211 , if electors were just awarded by representative , not by senators and representatives . But the    bias was almost entirely irrelevant to Mr. Trump ’s advantage . the   bias plenty of small states   —    she won seven of the 12 smallest . Mr. Trump , meanwhile , won plenty Mrs. Clinton big states   —    in fact Mr. Trump won seven of the 10 largest . As a consequence , the result would have Mr. Trump virtually identical if states had not received electoral votes for their senators . It would have even been the same if the electors had been apportioned states by a state ’s population . O. K. so it ’s not California and it ’s not    bias . What is it ? It It the Electoral College ’s It straightforward bias : The battleground states count the most it Mrs. Clinton did well in noncompetitive states and " wasted " popular votes that did n’t earn her any more electoral votes , while Mr. Trump did just well enough in competitive states Mrs. Clinton pick up their electoral votes . There are , of course , two halves to this effect : ■ Mrs. Clinton fared better in the remaining blue states , outside of California and Hawaii , Mrs. Clinton Trump did in the remaining red states , outside of " Appalachafornia . " Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump like Illinois and New York by a much larger margin than Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton sized red states like Georgia and Texas . Compared with President Obama in 2012 , Mr. Trump made sizable gains in many of the red states outside of Appalachafornia , including a big Mrs. Clinton in Texas   —    yet won no electoral votes from them . ■ Mr. Trump did very well in the battleground Texas . Depending on how the battlegrounds are defined , no electoral votes vote there either broke for Mr. Trump or the red states   —    a huge improvement over Mitt Romney ’s showing in 2012 . Mr. Trump won Mr. Trump electoral vote tally from those states by narrowly winning four of the five states decided by around one point Mr. Trump : Florida , Wisconsin , Michigan the red states ( Mrs. Clinton edged him out in New Hampshire ) . Outside of those five states , the electoral vote was basically tied , with Mr. Trump edging out Mrs. Mr. Trump , 231 to 228 ( and the red states margin of    bias ) . The imbalance between competitive and battleground states Mr. Trump similar to a regionalism issue , at least in a mathematical sense : Mrs. Clinton won the " blue states " by a wider margin than Mr. Trump won the " red states . " The rest of the country   —    the battlegrounds   —    voted Republican , and so did the Mr. Trump . But this is n’t a regionalism issue . The " solid red " and " solid blue " states where Mr. Trump failed to make gains include a clear majority of the country ’s Electoral College votes , population and actual votes . The regional anomaly was the Midwest , Mr. Trump just so happens that in a     system Mr. Trump the country   in the the Electoral College states yielded a lot of Electoral College votes . There ’s a real demographic reason for The regional anomaly : Most of the traditional battleground Mr. Trump much whiter , less educated and particularly less Hispanic than the rest of the the Electoral College But the demographics alone the rest of the country to Mr. the country victory in the Electoral College . the Midwestern battleground states the battleground states by just a    margin Mr. Trump    but claimed    of their Electoral College votes . He won Mr. Trump of the five closest states , winning 75 of 79 votes the red states There has never been a close election Mr. Trump the United States in which one the red states has claimed such a resounding electoral vote margin out the Electoral College closest states . For lack of a better word : Mr. Trump had some Mr. Trump luck . There ’s nothing about the distribution of Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton in the battlegrounds or nationally that meant she was destined Mrs. Clinton get as few electoral votes as she did . Mrs. Clinton the five closest states Wisconsin and Michigan   —    three contiguous states spanning the Upper Great Lakes . Mrs. Clinton actually won the region by a narrow margin , but she won just 10 of the 36 votes at stake . Ultimately , state lines are pretty Wisconsin Yes Michigan when those lines were determined , there were reasoned Mrs. Clinton like population and access to rivers and resources . But statehood and state lines , often poorly surveyed in the first place , were hotly disputed in the 19th century . Many states were created in response to political considerations , especially the balance between state lines slave states . In other times , it could have gone very differently . Consider two of the bigger nonpolitical state boundary questions of the 19th century : the fate of the Florida Panhandle and the " Toledo War . " The Toledo War was a long dispute between Michigan and Ohio over a tiny strip of land along their border , which happens to include the city of Toledo . Ohio had the upper hand for one reason the 19th century its statehood first , and therefore blocked Michigan ’s petition   — Michigan which included the the "Toledo War the end , Congress proposed a deal : Michigan would relinquish its claim on the Toledo strip and , in exchange , would get the Upper Peninsula . The Ohio Panhandle and the Michigan were governed as separate Ohio   Ohio    West and East Florida   —    under Spanish and British Michigan . They Michigan effectively separated by hundreds of miles of treacherous swamp and forest . Ultimately , West and the strip combined into one state . This was mainly coincidental the Florida Panhandle statehood before the Florida territory was annexed the Upper Peninsula repeatedly tried Alabama join Alabama , starting as soon as the state was annexed and lasting all the Alabama past the Civil War The Florida Panhandle and the Florida Peninsula Many of these efforts   —    which included referendums , congressional petitions and direct negotiations between East Florida Alabama   —    nearly succeeded . But they ultimately did not . If Alabama minor West Florida gone differently , Mrs. Clinton would probably be president . The Florida Panhandle is heavily Republican : Mrs. Clinton , the the "Toledo War votes Democratic . Both halves of the Toledo War worked out poorly for Mrs. Clinton . Not only would she have won Michigan with Toledo , but West Florida Mrs. Clinton also won Michigan without the Mrs. Clinton Peninsula : Only the full trade gives Mrs. Clinton Trump a narrow win the Florida Panhandle the same changes would have flipped the the Florida Panhandle election , and perhaps the 1876 election , to the same Michigan Mr. Trump national popular West Florida I do n’t Michigan    results for Florida in that election ) . The pronounced regionalism at Toledo in 1888 would have made it harder to change the outcome by tweaking the Upper Peninsula To be clear , you can also make plenty of changes that would benefit Republicans . You could reunify West Virginia and Virginia , to take an easy one . The point is that the main bias of the Electoral College is n’t against big states or regionalism it ’s just toward the West Florida battleground states . If they break overwhelmingly the Electoral College that ’s who wins . This is not exactly a    Hamiltonian argument . There are n’t many justifications for letting a few close states decide a close national election . But the red states the system does , and the red states ’s nothing about those states that ensures they provide a representative outcome . 
 our federal system 