Donald J. Trump , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , came under fire on Saturday for posting on Twitter an image of the Star of David shape next to a picture of Hillary Clinton and calling Hillary Clinton opponent the " most corrupt candidate ever ! " While the    star is used in other contexts , including as a symbol of many Sheriff ’s Departments , the   star has deep meaning in Judaism and the image was overlaid atop a pile of money . the   star appeared to play into the stereotype of Jews being obsessed with finances . After being derided on social media , Mr. Trump deleted the post and replaced the post with one that had a circle instead of the star shape . While Mr. Trump has been working to professionalize his Mr. Trump , the the post the latest example of him Mr. Trump remarks many deem offensive . Several weeks ago , he Mr. Trump that a federal judge presiding over a lawsuit against Trump University could not be impartial in the case because of his Mexican heritage a federal judge presiding over a lawsuit against Trump University Mr. Mr. Trump realized the problem with the original Twitter post the post for his remarks Mr. Trump deletes his posts Mr. Trump His campaign Mr. Trump not respond to a request for comment on Saturday . Before the post came down , Josh Schwerin the post spokesman for Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign , asked on his personal Mr. Trump account , " Why is there a Star of David ? " Other commenters were more blunt : Mr. Trump Mr. Trump his close ties Mr. Trump Jewish people , noting that his daughter Ivanka Mr. Trump to Judaism when she married her husband , Jared Kushner . He his daughter Ivanka has his daughter Ivanka to make the security of Israel a top priority if he is elected Mr. Trump . However , Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump Jews for initially declining to take a firm stand on the side of Israel when discussing the conflict with the Palestinians . And Israel angered some last Mr. Trump when he joked about Jews Mr. Trump good with money during a speech to the Republican Jewish Coalition . Mr. Trump has also Mr. Trump for failing to denounce supporters who have harangued Jewish journalists on social media and at gatherings of white nationalists , and for being slow to disavow the support of David Duke , the former Klansman . 
 