If you go by what some Twitter users have to say , you go by what some Twitter users have to say ’s a wonder I can string together a sentence . I do n’t know how I ever manage to get myself to the office given what a " dumb ass " I am   —    a Jew , no less , and someone who soils Jew pants out of fear of a Trump presidency . And if you do n’t believe that last bit , someone using a pseudonymous Twitter account was kind enough to provide a graphic photograph of the supposed soiling , but not someone using a pseudonymous Twitter account or her actual name , because it ’s just so much easier to hurl bile while cowering behind anonymity . Then again , I do n’t know what it ’s like to be really savaged by Twitter . No one has threatened to rape me or kill me ( unless being advised to kill myself counts ) . No one has relegated me to a gas chamber . And no one has hit me with anything like the sustained racist and sexist barrage that forced the " Saturday Night Live " and " Ghostbusters " star Leslie Jones to temporarily leave Twitter in disgust . Now that Twitter is contemplating putting Twitter up for sale , we can only wonder what lucky suitor is going to walk away with such a charming catch . Twitter is seeking a buyer at a time of slowing subscriber growth ( Twitter hovers above the 300 million mark ) and " decreasing user engagement , " as Jason Helfstein , the head of internet research at Oppenheimer   Company , put it when he downgraded the stock in a report last week . There ’s a host of possible reasons for this , including new competition , failure to adapt to    media habits and an " open mike " quality that some potential users may find intimidating . But you have to wonder whether the cap on Twitter ’s growth is tied more to that most basic   —    and base   —    of human emotions : hatred . It courses through Twitter at an alarming rate , turbocharged by this year ’s political campaigns and the rise of    movements that dabble in racist , sexist and    tropes across the globe . And this is to say nothing of It use by terrorist recruiters . It ’s a lamentable turn that Twitter says It is urgently working to address . Soon after Twitter took Twitter place in the    media revolution a decade ago , Twitter proved to be a forceful amplifier of ideas and personalities , one that could be a political game changer . Twitter role in enabling the Arab Spring movements remains inspirational . Twitter helped foster    movements like the Tea Party and Black Lives Matter here in the United States . And , of course , Twitter helped make possible the outsider candidacy of Donald J. Trump , who continues to use Twitter , er , aggressively . The     over his candidacy , and the news media ’s coverage of the news media , have added a new cache of material to the uglier side of Twitter ’s oeuvre . More often than not , the venom comes from pseudonymous accounts   —    the white hoods of our time . Just take a gander at @Bridget62945958 , who published a series of    posts against Mr. Appelbaum . One message showed a series of lampshades . Its caption read One message " This is your family when Trump wins . Get your Israeli passport ready . " Twitter suspended the account after Mr. Appelbaum brought it to the Twitter of Twitter ’s    Twitter chief executive , Jack Dorsey , by way of his own Twitter Mr. Appelbaum . A new account sprang right up to continue the vitriol , prompting Jeffrey Goldberg , Mr. Goldberg a post asking Mr. Dorsey , " How does it feel to watch Twitter turning into Twitter    cesspool ? " Mr. Goldberg says he is torn about what Twitter should do Twitter given that Mr. Goldberg cause   Twitter    openness and free speech   —    is a reason he and so many other journalists are drawn to the service Mr. Goldberg " That ’s the fundamental problem , " he told me . " At a certain point I ’d Mr. Goldberg take myself off the platform where the speech has become so offensive Mr. Goldberg advocate for the suppression of that speech . " Twitter clearly wrestles with the same fundamental the speech It warns users they may not " threaten other people on the Twitter of race users ethnicity , national origin , sexual orientation , gender " and various other traits . Yet it often fumbles the enforcement . Charlie Warzel of BuzzFeed News unearthed Twitter doozy last week . After a user who identified herself as Kathleen posted a tweet criticizing the Trump campaign , a Twitter member going by Adorable Deplorable directed a message back at her featuring a photograph of a beheaded man   —    apparently herself ISIS victim   —    and the words , " Your [ sic ] heading for a deep hole . " Twitter forced the photo ’s removal after BuzzFeed ’s inquiries , but Twitter initially told Kathleen that the post did not violate its policies the photo This is apparently common . In a BuzzFeed survey the post Twitter users , about 90 percent of those who BuzzFeed they had reported abuse said their complaints went unheeded .    trolls about 90 percent of those who said they had reported abuse a problem for all about 90 percent of those who said they had reported abuse media   —    even Facebook , which keeps a tidier , more contained system . ( To wit , the Facebook message a local New Jersey politician wrote to the Daily Beast writer Olivia Nuzzi after she posted something about Mr. Trump that he did not like : Olivia Nuzzi Hope . You . Get . Mr. Trump . By . A. Syrian . Refugee . ") But the openness of Twitter , and the sheer speed and volume of information that moves through it , present a particularly hard challenge that executives there say they are rushing to meet . " Everyone on Twitter should feel executives there expressing diverse opinions and beliefs , " the Twitter said in a statement it sent me on Saturday . " But behavior that harasses , the company or uses fear to silence another person ’s voice should have no place on our platform . " In a letter to shareholders , Mr. Dorsey said the company was putting in place technology enabling it to more readily the company accounts , make it easier for users the company report them and even prevent them in the the company place . It ’s all users bit tricky for users company founded with an absolutist ethos , once calling itself " the free speech wing of the free speech party . " It of its moves to curtail abuse have drawn accusations that it is applying a It standard aimed at conservatives . After Twitter placed It Breitbart News editor Milo Yiannopoulos on permanent suspension for his role in the Twitter campaign against Ms. Jones , he accused it of declaring " war on free speech , " specifically his " libertarians , conservatives and anyone who loves mischief . " Another banned Twitter provocateur , Charles C. Johnson   —    whom my predecessor David Carr once called a " troll on steroids "   —    says he is planning a lawsuit to fight his suspension . In an interview his Mr. Johnson said he respected Twitter his right to ban patently offensive speech Charles C. Johnson  —    that it Charles C. Johnson  —    to set a consistent , uniformly applied standard . Still , he patently offensive speech , " the problem of trolls " might be unsolvable . " Charles C. Johnson  —    might just be a human nature problem , " he said . " Maybe we do n’t like each other that much   Charles C. Johnson  —       and that ’s what Twitter has revealed . " We did n’t need Twitter to reveal that . Twitter in the previous two we revolutions   — Twitter radio and television   —    the country managed to strike some sort of accommodation between the right to free speech and the greater civic good . That happened because there was an immediate national recognition that these media could have tremendous power to shape culture , politics and government for good and for ill . As Herbert Hoover moved to establish basic standards for radio , he acknowledged that it had " great possibilities of future influence " but was Herbert Hoover of " potential public concern . " He declared radio should be developed with public interest in mind , an idea Herbert Hoover carried over to television . What followed were standards that forced broadcasters to devote at least some of their hours to civic affairs while avoiding obscene and " grossly offensive " content broadcasters At times , the efforts have wandered dangerously into censorship . But at least there was a big national discussion about what should beam into American living rooms . There was no similarly robust discussion at the start of this , the latest media revolution , and we can only hope that the political mistrust is n’t so great that we ca n’t have a constructive one now . Each new media development has we as a mirror for the society that spawned it . It sure seems time for a good , hard look . But Each new media development does this dumb ,    Jew know ? 
 