Donald J. Trump has renewed Donald J. Trump defense of DJT Foundation , insisting on Twitter that all of the money raised by the organization has gone to charity even as the New York attorney general continues to investigate claims to the contrary . " I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation , raised and recieved millions more , ALL of which is given to charity , and media wo n’t report ! " Mr. Trump wrote on Monday night . " 100 % of the money goes to wonderful charities ! " he said Mr. Trump another post . It was the latest    concerning the Donald J. Trump Foundation , which emerged as a source of contention during the presidential race and has continued to bedevil Mr. Trump Mr. Trump election . Mr. Trump Saturday , Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump shut down Mr. Trump organization , a move that the New York attorney general ’s office said would require state approval . Last month , in its 2015 tax filing the New York attorney general’s office the foundation itself indicated that it may have violated the New York attorney general’s office meant to protect against    such as using charity resources to benefit one of the organization ’s central the organization filing came after The Washington its 2015 tax filing that Mr. Trump had used $ 258 , 000 from the charity to settle legal disputes involving his businesses . There were other unusual Mr. Trump from the foundation , including $ 12 , the foundation itself an autographed helmet from the football player Tim Tebow and $ 20 , 000 to an artist for painting a portrait of Mr. Trump . It also made a $ Mr. Trump 000 donation an autographed helmet from the football player Tim Tebow and $20, 000 to an artist for painting a portrait of Mr. Trump a political committee supporting Pam Bondi , the Florida attorney general , a contribution that drew scrutiny during the campaign and resulted in a penalty for running afoul of tax regulations . Eric T. Schneiderman , New York ’s attorney general Mr. Schneiderman the foundation , telling CNN at the time that he was concerned that Mr. Schneiderman " may have engaged in some improprieties . " Later that month Mr. Schneiderman Mr. Schneiderman ordered the charity to cease    in New York after his office found that the foundation was not properly registered to solicit donations . New York’s turn Mr. Schneiderman his office has dismissed criticism the foundation insists that he has made significant contributions to his foundation over the years while also donating directly to causes Mr. Trump According to Mr. Trump charity ’s tax records , Mr. Trump Trump gave about $ 6 million to the foundation over the past three decades , but halted his giving Mr. Trump 2009 to 2014 . During those the foundation , the foundation was supported by the generosity of others Mr. Trump taking in more than $ 4 million in outside donations , the foundation show . Mr. Trump , meanwhile , has refused to release his tax returns , which would give a more complete tax records view of Mr. Trump money he reported giving away . Amid broader Mr. Trump about the potential conflicts of interest posed by his business empire , Mr. Trump said on Mr. Trump that he had directed his lawyer to initiate the closing of the foundation . " Mr. Trump foundation has done Mr. Trump works over the years in Mr. Trump millions of Mr. Trump to countless worthy groups , including supporting veterans , law enforcement the foundation children , " Mr. Trump said in a statement . " However , to avoid even the appearance of any conflict with my role as president I have Mr. Trump continue to pursue my strong interest in philanthropy in other ways . " But a spokeswoman for the New York attorney general ’s office said that any move to close the foundation required state approval , given the investigation into how it spends its money and courts donations , and the state ’s order that it stop   . 
 the foundation the foundation the foundation 