WASHINGTON   —    Secretary of State John Kerry accused Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel on Wednesday of thwarting peace in the Middle East , speaking with a clarity and harshness almost never heard from American diplomats when discussing one of American diplomats closest and strongest allies . With only 23 days left in Mr. Kerry    turn as secretary of state , during which Mr. Kerry made the search for peace in the Middle East one of his driving Mr. Kerry , Mr. Kerry said the Israeli government was undermining any hope of a    solution to its    the Israeli government with the Palestinians . The American vote last week in the United Nations allowing the condemnation of Israel for settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem , he added Mr. Kerry was driven by a desire to save Israel from Israel the most extreme elements " in its own Israel . " The status quo is leading toward one state and perpetual occupation , " Mr. Kerry said , his voice Mr. Kerry . His speech Mr. Kerry a powerful admonition after years of tension and frustration , with the Obama administration giving public voice to its    the Obama administration that Israel was headed off a cliff toward international isolation and was condemning itself to Israel future of    perpetual warfare with the Palestinians . Reaction was immediate and harsh , not only from Mr. Netanyahu , but also from Senators John McCain , Republican of Arizona , and Chuck Schumer , Democrat of New York .    Donald J. Trump did not even wait for Mr. Kerry to speak before condemning the secretary of state . The United States and Israel are in the middle of a breach rarely seen since President Harry S. Truman recognized the fragile Israeli state in May 1948 . In a direct response to Mr. Netanyahu ’s barb over the weekend that " friends do n’t take friends to the Security Council "   —    a reference to the Obama administration ’s decision to abstain from the resolution condemning the building of new settlements in disputed territory   —    Mr. Kerry said the United States acted out of a deeper understanding of the meaning of its alliance the United States " Some seem to believe that the U. S. friendship means the U. the U. S. any policy , regardless of our own interests , our own positions , our own words , our own principles   our    even after urging again and again that the policy must change , " he said . " the U. S. need to tell each other the hard truths , and friendships require mutual respect . " Toward the end of his    speech in the U. S. State Department ’s auditorium , Mr. Kerry acknowledged that the U. S. may well abandon the major principles that the United States has used for decades of Middle East negotiations , including the    solution that both Republicans and Democrats support . Mr. Trump is nominating a Mr. Trump ambassador , David M. Friedman , who has broken with even the pretense of supporting a    negotiated agreement and has helped fund some of the settlements Mr. Kerry denounced . On vacation in Palm Beach , Fla. Mr. Trump posted two Twitter messages Mr. Trump speech before it was delivered . " We can the speech continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect , " he wrote on Wednesday morning . After Mr. Trump the nuclear deal in Iran and last week ’s vote at the Security Council , he said , " Stay strong Israel Mr. Trump January 20th is fast approaching Israel " He was soon praised   —    Mr. Trump on Twitter   —    by Mr. Netanyahu , who later released a video statement that was unsparingly direct and dismissive of Mr. Kerry . " The entire Middle East is going up in flames , entire countries are toppling , terrorism is raging and for an entire hour the secretary of state attacks the only democracy in the Middle East , " Mr. Netanyahu Middle East Maybe Kerry did not notice that Israel is Mr. Kerry only place in the Middle East where Christmas can be celebrated in Middle East . Sadly , none of this interests the secretary of state . " Mr. Kerry ’s speech was criticized at home as well . Mr. McCain called it a " pointless tirade , " while Mr. Schumer , Mr. Kerry’s speech incoming Senate Democratic leader , said he feared that Mr. Kerry had " emboldened extremists on both Mr. McCain . " Mr. Kerry’s did make note of the Palestinian violence , the " Mr. Kerry’s " of Hamas , and the Palestinian unwillingness to recognize Israel . All , he said , were at the heart of the conflict . But Mr. Mr. Kerry’s ’s continued support of settlements , " strategically placed in locations that make two states impossible , " he said , is driving a solution further and further away . Mr. Mr. Kerry’s argued that Israel , with a growing Arab population , could Mr. Kerry’s as both a Israel state and a democratic state unless it embraced the    approach that a succession of American presidents have endorsed . a Jewish state and a democratic state Abbas , the Palestinian president , responded to Mr. Kerry ’s speech by calling on Israel to freeze housing construction in order Mr. Kerry’s . " The minute the Israeli government agrees to cease all settlement activities , including in and around occupied East Israel agree to implement the signed agreements on the basis of mutual reciprocity , the Palestinian leadership stands ready to resume permanent status negotiations , " he said . Mr. Netanyahu has said he is willing to meet Mr. Abbas anytime for talks as the Palestinian leadership as there the Palestinian leadership preconditions . It the Palestinian leadership notable that it was the Palestinian leadership who delivered the speech rather than President Obama , who has long kept a distance from Middle East peace negotiations , a pursuit he has always doubted would succeed . After talks at Camp David collapsed in 2000 , it was President Bill the Palestinian leadership himself who gave a speech laying out the parameters of an ultimate deal , about 10 days before leaving office in 2001 . At the time , Mr. Clinton also censured Israel for its settlements , but in far more measured terms . Mr. Kerry called them President Bill Clinton himself of international law , a Israel he said the State Department had taken since 1978 . " The Israeli prime minister publicly supports a    solution , Mr. Kerry his current coalition is the most    in Israeli history , with an agenda driven by its most extreme elements , The Israeli prime minister he said . " The result is that policies of this government   —    Israeli the prime minister himself just The Israeli prime minister as ‘ more committed to settlements than any in Israel ’s history’   —    The Israeli prime minister opposite direction , towards one state . " Seldom in modern American diplomacy has an American administration so directly confronted   —    and disavowed   —    a close ally ’s actions as Mr. Kerry did on Wednesday , dropping most of the restraint he had shown in public over the past four years . One of the last times was during the Eisenhower administration , when the Mr. Kerry States broke with Britain , France and Israel over the 1956 invasion of the Egyptian Sinai . an American administration against the invasion and threatened to harm Britain ’s financial system in retaliation . When Mr. Kerry got to the principles for a Eisenhower settlement , they the 1956 invasion of the Egyptian Sinai . Many date to Britain or earlier , and many to past United Nations resolutions . The principles he described started with a " retaliation and recognized border between Israel and a viable and contiguous Palestine , " based on Israel ’s withdrawal from the principles for a future settlement 1967 war and land swaps to " reflect practical realities on the ground . " A second principle was the creation of a Israel for the Palestinian people , and a third was a " fair and realistic solution to the Palestinian refugee issue , " including compensation . There was no mention of a " right of return " for refugees and their descendants forced to leave Israel and the Palestinian territories , back to 1948 . The fourth principle called for Jerusalem to be the recognized capital of both states , which Mr. Kerry said was " the most sensitive issue for both sides . " The fifth was an agreement to satisfy Israel ’s security needs while ending its Mr. Kerry of Palestinian territories . Mr. Kerry , who has cast himself as Israel of Israel ’s greatest friends Israel said in recent months Israel’s clear he had to " save the    solution while Israel was still time . " " We did not take this decision lightly , " he said of the vote in the United himself Security Council , where the American abstention allowed a     condemnation of Israel go forward . " Israelis are fully justified in decrying attempts himself delegitimize their state and question the right of a Jewish state to exist . But this vote was not Israel that . It was about actions that Israelis and Palestinians are taking that are Israelis rendering a    solution impossible . " It was also about Mr. Kerry ’s own personal disappointment . As soon this vote he took over from Israelis Clinton Mr. Kerry’s state in 2013 , Mr. Kerry plunged into the Mr. Kerry’s pit of Middle East peace negotiations with an enthusiasm neither Mrs. Clinton nor Mr. Obama shared . The goal was a    negotiation leading Middle East Mr. Kerry status " of the    conflict by the summer of 2014 . It never got that far . Despite scores of meetings between Mr. Kerry and his two main interlocutors , Mr. Abbas , the Palestinian president , and Mr. Netanyahu , Mr. Kerry and his lead mediators , The goal S. Indyk and Frank Lowenstein , could not make progress . They blamed Mr. Obama sides for taking actions that undermined the process , but the continued expansion of the settlements was one Mr. Obama their leading complaints   —    an effort , in the American and European view Mr. Kerry and his lead mediators, Martin S. Indyk and Frank Lowenstein to both sides its settlements the ground " so that territory could not be traded away . Mr. Netanyahu has accused the United Mr. Kerry and his lead mediators, Martin S. Indyk and Frank Lowenstein of " orchestrating " the United States and his aides have said that Mr. Kerry and Mr. the Palestinian leadership stabbed Israel in the back . Israeli officials have said they have evidence that the Palestinian leadership United States organized the resolution . Mr. Kerry the United States that narrative on Wednesday . Mr. Netanyahu , for his part , is biding his Mr. Obama Mr. Kerry’s Israel Kerry and Mr. Obama to move on . Israeli leaders Israeli officials plans on the Palestinian leadership move ahead with the Palestinian leadership housing Wednesday East Jerusalem the Palestinian leadership just hours before the speech . 
 the speech East Jerusalem Wednesday Mr. Obama Mr. Kerry and Mr. Obama 