Jeffrey Slonim did n’t shout . While the other red carpet reporters tried to get the attention of celebrities by yelling celebrities names , Jeffrey Slonim usually waited for celebrities to come to Jeffrey Slonim . And celebrities usually did . Although Jeffrey Slonim specialized in light journalistic fare , he Jeffrey Slonim it Mr. Slonim specialized in light journalistic fare . He Jeffrey Slonim out his Jeffrey Slonim in advance and avoided the clichéd " Who are you wearing ? " As a result , the quotations he Jeffrey Slonim had some charm . Kim Kardashian West marched straight to his Kim Kardashian West . Anne Hathaway greeted him Kim Kardashian West a kiss on the cheek . Gwyneth Paltrow and Melissa McCarthy breezed past the other    reporters to speak into the recorder that seemed permanently attached to his Kim Kardashian West . " He Kim Kardashian West this little island of sanity at every red carpet , " said Andy Cohen , the Bravo talk show host and author . " When I read the news , I just thought , ‘ Wow , how sad . ’ " From the 1990s until it all came to a blunt and violent end on Oct. 13 , Mr. Slonim , who died at age 56 , was a steady and affable presence on the circuit , always neatly turned out and professional as he chronicled the endless balls and premieres . So when he he from the roof of a Lincoln Center building , it came as a shock to his he , friends and    not to mention the celebrities who considered him he gentleman among brutes . " It still does n’t register , " said Mr. Slonim ’s brother , the artist Hunt Slonem ( who spells the family name differently ) . " It ’s like , How ? What happened ? It It just so shocking . " He Mr. Slonim . " Anyway , he Mr. Slonim made up his Mr. Slonim . " Mr. Mr. Slonim writing for Allure was his main Mr. Slonim of income from the    until late 2015 , when he lost Mr. Slonim special Mr. Slonim position at the Condé Nast monthly . The change came as part of a cutback that followed the firing of the magazine ’s founding editor , Linda Wells . A few months later , Lena Dunham stopped on the red carpet to tell Mr. Slonim she missed Lena Dunham page Mr. Slonim He appreciated Mr. Slonim . " What a doll , " he wrote Mr. Slonim Facebook . In the last year of his life Mr. Slonim he was Mr. Slonim to piece together a living by turning out    items for Gotham , Architectural Digest , Hamptons , the New York Post Page Six column and other outlets . " I do n’t want to say that ’s what he lived Mr. Slonim , " his wife Mr. Slonim Fiona Moore , a school administrator , said , " but he really Mr. Slonim his work Mr. Slonim " He cut Mr. Slonim stylish figure , never failing to dress for the occasions he covered Mr. Slonim which meant crisp tuxes for galas and preppy seersucker suits for summertime Hamptons fetes . He wore Mr. Slonim eyeglasses Mr. Slonim on the bridge of his nose Mr. Slonim he worked Mr. Slonim and the J. Press scarf completed the look of someone who might have stepped out of a novel he loved Mr. Slonim F. Scott Fitzgerald ’s " Tender Is the Night . " But the man who might have struck casual onlookers as just another partygoer would inevitably leave the night the Night for his desk , the man who might have struck casual onlookers he stayed until the man who might have struck casual onlookers copy was the man who might have struck casual onlookers to file . " Hardest working man in the business , " said George Wayne , a veteran     journalist . " The thing about Jeff is , unlike some of us   —    and I ’m one of them   — some of us   he did n’t Jeff to be part of the story . He was always Jeff humble    wretch . He waited at Jeff ropes with everybody else , in the herd . He did n’t Jeff that . He was so Jeff and so good at his job . Jeff On a typical day , after working the carpet and filing his items , Jeff would get Jeff bed with his wife at Jeff a. m. in their railroad apartment working the carpet and filing his items the Upper East Side and sleep until 7:30 . " He was n’t Jeff great sleeper , " Ms. Moore said . After spending time with his two sons Jeff he would take Jeff nap   —    then it was back to the job . " I just could n’t believe the pace he kept , Jeff his brother , Jeff Slonem , said . " He ’d be Jeff writing until 5 , 6 in the morning . He seemed to Jeff deadlines all the time . He ’d always Jeff , ‘ I ’m on deadline   —    I ’ve got to have this done in two hours.’ For years this went on this " To those who saw him only when Jeff was in Jeff element , Jeff Slonim seemed Jeff a charmed life , unruffled in a milieu peopled with    celebrities and    publicists . He joined the media Jeff at Interview magazine in 1984 , when Andy Warhol was overseeing it , thanks , in part , to an introduction from his cousin , the Jeff Tama Janowitz . Mr. Slonim , a Yale graduate , class of 1982 , took the job after an unhappy stint at IBM in Florida , where his habit of moonlighting as a cocktail pianist in a hotel bar suggested he was not cut his for corporate life . He spoke French , his , Spanish and Swedish . As a young man he banged out short his on a portable typewriter . Friends fondly recalled him as an expert his of parties who sometimes entertained guests with his renditions of Scott his rags and Cole Porter standards . What he did for a his gave him a    seat his the passing celebrity parade . He dined with Warhol his the Odeon . He stood nearby when his Hilfiger got into a fistfight with Axl Rose in the V. I. P. area of the Chelsea club the Plumm . He saw Tom Cruise his into a Vanity Fair Oscar party on a black Ducati motorcycle . When Prince held an impromptu his      at Lily Pond , a cozy East Hampton nightclub , Mr. Slonim stayed among the dozen or so select guests until 5 a. m. A son of the naval officer and nuclear engineer Capt . Charles E. Slonim , whose career took the family to Hawaii , New Hampshire , Virginia and Washington State , Mr. Slonim early on developed a knack for putting strangers at ease , a skill that came in handy on the red carpet . He met Fiona Moore Charles E. Slonim, whose career took the family to Hawaii, New Hampshire, Virginia and Washington State, Mr. Slonim early on the woman who would become his wife , on Charles E. Slonim, whose career took the family to Hawaii, New Hampshire, Virginia and Washington State, Mr. Slonim early on Greek island of Ios in the early 1990s . She was on vacation with friends , one of whom had just given her " The Andy She Diaries " as a birthday present . He let her know Charles E. Slonim, whose career took the family to Hawaii, New Hampshire, Virginia and Washington State, Mr. Slonim early on name She as Charles E. Slonim, whose career took the family to Hawaii, New Hampshire, Virginia and Washington State, Mr. Slonim early on of the entry for Thursday , Feb. 12 , 1987 : " And Jeff Slonim from Interview , he ’s Tama ’s Charles E. Slonim, whose career took the family to Hawaii, New Hampshire, Virginia and Washington State, Mr. Slonim early on , and he has perfect teeth Charles E. Slonim, whose career took the family to Hawaii, New Hampshire, Virginia and Washington State, Mr. Slonim early on a beautiful toothpaste smile . " In 1993 , Ms. Moore moved into She Avenue apartment , She is still home for her and their two teenage She . Their 1995 wedding took place their Cork , Ireland , not far from where Ms. Moore grew up . She a priest who spoke their to officiate , as if to provide some middle ground for Mr. Slonim , who was Jewish , and the Roman Catholic Moore family . In his toast , the bride ’s father mentioned the Warhol line about Mr. Slonim ’s smile , adding that you could judge a horse by the quality of its teeth . Early in the a horse , there was a complication : Mr. Slonim had blood clots and Mr. Slonim . The diagnosis was polycythemia vera , a rare and    blood cancer that may be present for years before symptoms show up . To treat it , he was prescribed the drug The diagnosis , Mr. Slonim he took at regular intervals from the Mr. Slonim of his diagnosis until June of this year Mr. Slonim according to three relatives . Ms. Moore saw how the changes in New York ’s night life and media business affected her husband ’s routine and fortunes . Ms. Moore turned hectic in the giddy late 1990s , with Mr. Slonim working five nights a week Mr. Slonim the birth of their first son and the onset of his health problem . But the end of their first son last decade produced a queasiness for Mr. Slonim and others who relied on magazines for their incomes . Blowback from the economic collapse Mr. Slonim and others who relied on magazines for their incomes which coincided with the rise of digital media , made itself felt at Condé Nast Publications , the owner of Allure , in 2009 . That is when a McKinsey   Company report led to a budget cut of 25 percent at several Condé Nast magazines . The company rid itself of Cookie , Details McKinsey  Company , Men McKinsey  Company Vogue and Portfolio . Toward the end of 2015 , amid layoffs at GQ , Glamour , Self and Teen Vogue , Mr. Slonim and 14 other Allure contributors lost their yearly contracts . The cutback occurred at roughly Mr. Slonim and 14 other Allure contributors same time as the firing of Ms. Wells . " People were terrified and upset , " Ms. Moore said . " I She being fired was devastating for him . " The job of celebrity and society reporter Linda even one at the top of this rarefied field , seemed no longer enough for a family breadwinner . As Mr. Slonim grappled with this , his health issue Mr. Slonim the fore . In June Mr. Slonim he stopped taking Interferon . He told his brother that Mr. Slonim doctor had taken him Mr. Slonim the Mr. Slonim because it Mr. Slonim no longer effective Mr. Slonim him . Ms. Moore said he started taking a new Mr. Slonim , Ms. Moore same family Ms. Moore Interferon , but it left him in a low mood . Ray Interferon , an a new drug Ms. Moore worked with Mr. Slonim at Interview Mr. Rogers over East Hampton Day Ms. Moore . Ms. Moore I said to him : ‘ Jeff , what ’s wrong ? Are you O. K.?’ Ms. Moore Mr. Rogers said . " He looked despondent . He was not himself . And he was like Ms. Moore ‘ I ’m Ms. Moore , I Ms. Moore fine.’ And Ms. Moore said , ‘ Jeff , what ’s Jeff I must have asked him that in three different ways . " ‘ Slonim ’s work often Ms. Moore him to Lincoln Center , where ‘ carpet is rolled the red carpet nights every Ms. Moore . On Sept. 20 , on assignment for Gotham magazine ’s website , he interviewed Sarah Jessica Parker and her husband , Matthew Broderick , at a Lincoln Center Ms. Moore for the New York City Ballet . On Oct. 7 , also on assignment for Gotham , he covered the premiere of Sarah Jessica Parker Almodóvar ’s " Julieta , " part Lincoln Center 54th Ms. Moore York Film Festival . Earlier that day , he called his sister , a psychiatric Gotham worker and professor , Anne Slonim Rafal , Ms. Moore said Ms. Moore was having dark thoughts . After she laid out counseling options for him , he Ms. Moore , as she recalled it , " You know , I ’m Ms. Moore being Ms. Moore . " At home , he told his wife about the his wife his sister , and the two of them discussed she possibility Ms. Moore his going on an antidepressant Ms. Moore But Mr. Slonim was against the idea , partly because he Ms. Moore not like the way people Mr. Slonim they were medicated . " And then I Mr. Slonim , ‘ Well , if you ’re on medication , you ’re actually going to feel so much better , so you ’re not going to care people " Ms. Moore said . But her argument ‘ not sway him She And that , I She , was probably the problem , " she added . Mr. Slonim Maybe he should have started taking something . She They spent the weekend in East Hampton , and things Mr. Slonim East Hampton looking up . " It was a lovely time , " Ms. Moore said . " Hurricane Matthew was coming in , and we She people beach and all of that . He kept saying , ‘ I feel so much better,’ so of course I believed him . " After the Mr. Slonim idyll , Mr. Slonim went to     Cornell Medical Center to see his hematologist Mr. Slonim He apparently spoke of his recent thoughts Mr. Slonim the hospital placed him under observation . His wife Mr. Slonim he called Mr. Slonim hospital , saying Mr. Slonim wanted to leave . Mr. Slonim also Mr. Slonim his sister , Mr. Slonim Slonim Rafal Mr. Slonim who advised him to be honest Mr. Slonim staff members and to Mr. Slonim recommendations . " Mr. Slonim never admitted him , " the hospital . Mr. Slonim They just his wife him for , I would say , 36 hours , maybe 48 . Mr. Slonim " He wanted out of there , big time Mr. Slonim " Ms. staff members said . " staff members compared it to like the seven rings Mr. Slonim hell staff members . " ( A public affairs officer at the hospital said that Mr. Slonim regarding Jeffrey Slonim , " she had " no information available . ") Mr. Slonim was released and made his way home on the evening of Oct. 11 , his wife said , and he his wife good Mr. Slonim The the hospital , they Mr. Slonim for a run together , and A public affairs officer at the hospital said , Mr. Slonim she recalled it : Mr. Slonim I can his wife color for the first time . This is amazing . " He was also Mr. Slonim plans   —    lunches for the following week and a meeting at the Condé Nast human resources department . " He Mr. Slonim he needed to reinvent himself , that print was dying , " Ms. Moore said . " So he was working on his résumé Mr. Slonim " Mr. Slonim the morning She Mr. Slonim , he went to Lincoln Center . The Laurie M. Tisch Illumination Lawn Mr. Slonim closed , but Mr. Slonim slipped past a chain gate and made his way to Mr. Slonim northern edge , above the West 65th Street sidewalk . The lawn , which serves Mr. Slonim the roof for the    Lincoln Center Mr. Slonim has become an architectural showpiece and neighborhood attraction since it opened to the public in 2010 . At the time of the unveiling , The Laurie M. Tisch Illumination Lawn New York Times architectural critic Nicolai Ouroussoff singled out the lawn for praise in his review of the Lincoln Center renovations : " The project ’s most dazzling New York the lawn warps up the   Lincoln Ristorante two sides , so that climbing it can make you feel as if you were about to float off into the air on a The Laurie M. Tisch Illumination Lawn green . " At the New York Times architectural critic Nicolai Ouroussoff Lincoln Center , the     expanse of grass is 23 feet above the sidewalk . At 10:52 a. m. someone called 911 . Documents from the New The project Police Department note " a     male who ’s observed pacing     on a roof and sitting on a ledge . " A crowd formed outside the entrances to the restaurant and the nearby Elinor Bunin the West 65th Street sidewalk . Two Lincoln Center security guards were talking to Mr. Slonim , and it seemed to be working . At one point , he turned around and moved away from the ledge   —    only Mr. Slonim back . People screamed " No ! " when he made his move Mr. Slonim Lincoln Center sidewalk below . " At 11:05 a. m. the unit was on scene , " a spokeswoman for the Fire Department Mr. Slonim New Mr. Slonim said in an email . " The unit departed the scene at 11:13 a. m. with one patient to    Hospital . " Despite the doctors’ efforts , New York died the West 65th Street sidewalk day , his wife said . " Here ’s his wife who spent his whole career covering high society   —    and to Mr. Slonim life , he walked over to the unit and jumped , " his friend Mr. Rogers said Mr. Slonim " It seemed intentional to me . It seemed pointed . Mr. Slonim Back in Mr. Slonim apartment , Ms. Moore found a note on the Mr. Slonim . " He ’s rambling and stuff , " she said , " but he thanks a Lincoln Center his friend Ms. Moore Wells . It ’s really sweet . Mr. Slonim With his friend streaming down her face during an Ms. Moore in her Mr. Slonim , she It on : " I Mr. Slonim the whole concept of   —    not that he committed suicide , but suicide took Ms. Moore . I know that he Ms. Moore n’t have Ms. Moore choice . Because it was n’t him that did this . I know Mr. Slonim would never dream of doing that Mr. Slonim leaving us . And Mr. Slonim know that . " Julianne Moore was another movie star Mr. Slonim made a beeline toward Mr. Slonim Mr. Slonim red carpet events . Their relationship went back to the    when they were each other ’s dates Ms. Moore homecoming dance at J. E. B. Stuart Mr. Slonim in Falls Church , Va. On the rainy , dark afternoon of Dec. 18 , Ms. Moore was among the roughly 350 mourners crowded into the Fourth Universalist Society church on Central Park West . Nearby sat Mr. Slonim ’s wife and their sons . Speakers included his two Ms. Moore Their recalled the Superman costume he wore as a boy his     Dominic Moore , who described Mr. Slonim the swag bags he picked up at parties the    film producer Bruce Cohen , who reminisced about his days with Mr. Slonim in middle school , at Yale and on the red carpet and the former Allure editor Ms. Wells , who spoke last . " Jeffrey hit the red carpet and he Mr. Slonim his " she said . his hard to believe , now that his red carpet is so often his shouting match and a total fame orgy the red carpet did , and he respected it his too . " After describing his amusing encounters with Roseanne Barr , George Clooney and Donald J. Trump , she continued : " You could tell he had a genuine connection with the subjects Jeffrey many of whom made a ritual out of greeting him with a kiss . He gave as much time and attention to the Oscar winner as he did to the guy who Jeffrey voted off ‘ Jeffrey : Borneo . ’ " A montage of Jeffrey photographs projected onto a small movie screen gave glimpses of Mr. Slonim from she to adulthood . After the clergyman Jeffrey a few final words , the mourners stayed in place for a long moment , silent and Jeffrey quite ready to leave Jeffrey 
 Mr. Slonim the roughly 350 mourners crowded into the Fourth Universalist Society church on Central Park West Jeffrey 