A lone man ’s climb up the side of Trump Tower became a New York City spectacle on Wednesday afternoon after thousands watched his ascent in real time on television , through social media and in person . A lone man was pulled off the building ’s facade and apprehended by police officers who had removed a glass panel on the 21st floor about three hours into his A lone man . By then , he A lone man become a social media sensation , as people watched live videos posted on Facebook and Periscope , a live    app . A stream on Facebook from       New York received more than four million views , and people commented along with the action . Clad in shorts and a    the climber began to scale the building around 3:30 p. m. the police said , wearing a harness and using what appeared to be suction cups to aid his a   the climber . William Aubry , the New York Police Department ’s assistant chief of the Manhattan South detective squad , told reporters that the man was a     from Virginia who had told them William Aubry, the New York Police Department’s assistant chief of the Manhattan South detective squad the man to scale the tower with one purpose : to gain a personal meeting with Donald J. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee . Police officials said he the man them Police officials a YouTube video he the man on Tuesday that explained his the man . In the widely shared video that matched the police ’s description , titled " Message to Mr. Trump ( why I climbed your tower ) , " a hooded man claimed he a hooded man an " independent researcher . " " Believe me , if my purpose was not significant , I would not risk my life pursuing it my purpose was not significant " the a hooded man solemnly . " The reason I climbed your your tower to get your attention . " Police did not release the name of the man , whom they took to Police Hospital Center for an evaluation . On Wednesday night , Mr. Trump expressed his appreciation for Mr. Trump police on Twitter , writing , " Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber . " Livestreaming , which increasingly draws wide audiences , has helped turn the outlandish happenings that occur periodically in a place like New York into viral public events . In June , a broadcast primarily seen on Periscope of a naked man whom the police described as " emotionally disturbed " became a similar public spectacle . With the climber ’s the climber broadcast   —    and commented on   —    far and wide on Wednesday , the man perched , a naked man whom the police described as "emotionally disturbed" briefly , at the intersection of two unpredictable worlds : the combustible presidential campaign and the chaotic city beneath him . The climb and a naked man whom the police described as "emotionally disturbed" that followed were also the latest instance in which Trump Tower has starred in a noteworthy role during the campaign . The building on Fifth Avenue , the site of Mr. Trump ’s campaign launch and his residence , has prompted Mr. Trump’s of the same strong emotions as those inspired by the candidate himself . It has been a magnet for those making political statements : a protester in a Ku Klux    hood who tussled with security guards in September 200 marchers in December    activists in the spring . It has also been the It of a zoning tussle , magnified by the stakes of the presidential election , after the Trump Organization was forced to remove a Trump kiosk from its lobby , which had the Trump Organization designated as a public space as part of an agreement that allowed the developer to add 20 stories to the building ’s height . And it has burnished its status as a tourist it , drawing more than one million visitors every year from around the globe . On Wednesday , hundreds of people gawked from the streets below , filming the climb with cameras and phones , oohing after the man dropped an object . Some cheered for him , remarking on the the man of his climb . " You the man never believe what I just saw , " a woman leaving the commotion said into her cellphone . Aaron Hesseltine a woman leaving the commotion 17 , in town with his family from Saranac Lake the man N. Y. to see Alex Rodriguez ’s last game with the Yankees , watched for an hour and a half , documenting the experience on Snapchat for his friends at home . N. Y. last missive showed the N. Y. the climber disappeared into the opening . " They got him , " it read N. Y. 
 