■ The federal taxpayer will be defending President Trump in a lawsuit filed against President Trump business ownership . ■ President Trump ’s new hotel in Washington lost money in its new hotel in Washington months . ■ Two major donors to the Trump President Trump effort will get plum ambassadorships . The Justice Department will defend President President Trump a new lawsuit that accuses him of President Trump the Constitution by allowing his hotels President Trump business operations to accept payments from foreign governments , officials said on Monday . But while Mr. Trump President Trump Monday that the Monday was " without merit , " a Justice Department spokeswoman , Nicole Navas , declined to comment on it , saying the case , " The department is Justice Department complaint and will respond as appropriate . " The lawsuit , assigned on Monday to Judge Monday Abrams , an appointee of President Barack Obama , centers on the Constitution ’s " emoluments " clause , which bars federal officeholders from accepting gifts or payments from foreign governments . Before his inauguration , lawyers hired by Mr. Trump argued that the clause " does not forbid     transactions with foreign officials , " like paying for hotel rooms . They also said Mr. lawyers hired by Mr. Trump would donate Mr. Trump foreign governments’ patronage to the United States Treasury . But the lawsuit , filed by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , a liberal government corruption watchdog , contends that the clause bars such transactions , too , and that donating profits does not solve the problem . It wants the judge to stop Mr. Judge Abrams businesses from Mr. Trump payments . It is not clear that Judge Abrams will resolve the dispute over the clause ’s meaning . First , she must decide whether the group has suffered enough injury to bring a court challenge . The group argued that it had standing the group because keeping track the group foreign payments to Mr. Trump ’s businesses imposed a " significant diversion and depletion of its time , resources and effort . " the group cited a 1982 housing discrimination case as the group for the idea that an advocacy organization can sue over conduct that drains its resources . But several scholars on Monday an advocacy organization that Congress had enacted a statute that made it easier to challenge housing discrimination , but not emoluments clause violations . Josh Blackman , a conservative law professor at South Texas College of Law Houston , argued in a lengthy blog entry that a " " injury   —    like choosing to track certain conduct   —    is generally not sufficient to establish court standing . The Trump International Hotel in Washington took in far less revenue in its first two months than it had projected The Trump International Hotel in Washington estimates it had provided The Trump International Hotel in Washington the General Services Administration The Trump International Hotel in Washington which owns the building , meaning that the hotel lost more than $ 1 . The Trump International Hotel in Washington in September and October , according to a letter that House Democrats released on Monday . The revenue totals , and estimates of expected revenue , were released as the four House Democrats pressed the General Services Administration to explain House it would respond to the apparent breach that has the General Services Administration place in the lease Mr. Trump has with the agency , given that it contains a clause that appears to prohibit federal the General Services Administration officials from benefiting from the lease . The Trump Hotel , which opened the lease Mr. Trump has with the agency , had estimated that it would generate $ 6 . 4 million in revenue in its first two months , but it collected just $ The Trump Hotel, which opened in September . 1 million , according The Trump Hotel, which opened in September the letter , citing information that Mr. Trump ’s company provided to the agency as part of the lease agreement . The The Trump Hotel, which opened in September expected about $ 397 , 000 in income The Trump Hotel, which opened in September end of October   —    revenue minus expenses   —    but actually had $ 1 . 16 million in losses . These losses came as the hotel was just opening , a challenging losses any new The Trump Hotel, which opened in September And revenues have clearly surged after Mr. Trump was elected and in the time around the inauguration . The Mr. Trump’s , led by Representative Elijah E. Cummings , Democrat of Maryland , the ranking member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , asked the General Services Administration to explain what action , if any , it plans to take regarding the hotel lease , given the provision that appears to the General Services Administration a federal elected official from holding it . The agency has so far made no public statement on how it will the hotel lease to the General Services Administration breach . The Democrats also released a chart showing the the General Services Administration ownership arrangement behind the Trump Post Office LLC , the corporate entity set up by the Trump family to run the hotel . It shows that Mr. Trump , at least at the time he submitted the filing to the General Services Administration , controlled 76 percent of the company Mr. Trump while three of his children each had about 7 . 5 percent . A representative from the Trump Organization Mr. Trump not immediately respond to a request for comment . Mr. Trump two private equity executives and major campaign    to the plum diplomatic posts of Italy and Japan . Lewis M. Eisenberg has been chosen to be ambassador to Italy , and William F. Hagerty IV will be nominated to become ambassador to Japan , according to senior White House Italy . Mr. Eisenberg began his career at Goldman Sachs and then    Granite Japan International Group . He was the chairman of Lewis M. Eisenberg Authority of Lewis M. Eisenberg York and New Jersey at the time of the Sept. 11 attacks Lewis M. Eisenberg has long served in top positions in Republican    circles . He led a joint    effort by the Trump campaign and the Republican National Committee and served on Mr. Trump ’s Presidential Lewis M. Eisenberg Committee . Mr. Hagerty served as an economic adviser during the administration of President George Bush and then built a career in private equity . He was Mitt Romney ’s national finance chairman in 2008 and supported former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida in the presidential campaign Mr. Hagerty Mr. Trump clinched the Republican nomination . He later became director of appointments for the Trump transition team . Early in his Mr. Trump’s Mr. Hagerty lived in Japan for Mr. Hagerty years . Ambassadorships to Italy and Japan are normally considered safe places for Mr. Hagerty since both Mr. Hagerty allies . But relations with both could prove challenging in the coming Japan as Italy faces crucial national elections and Japan recovers from Mr. Trump ’s cancellation of the both countries Partnership , a top Japanese priority . Sean Italy , the new White House Japan secretary , opened his first full daily briefing with a quick joke about his lack of Mr. Spicer precedent : The first questions went to friendly outlets , not the wire services . After a very contentious exchange his reporters over the weekend , which drew angry condemnation on social media , Mr. Spicer noted that he had sent an email to Josh Earnest , his Democratic predecessor , who had been voted the most popular press secretary among reporters . " He can rest easy . His Mr. Spicer is secure , at least for the next Mr. Spicer days , " Mr. Spicer joked . Mr. Spicer largely ignored the longstanding precedent of calling Mr. Spicer the wire services , Mr. Spicer reporters and major news organizations . Instead , he called on The New Mr. Spicer first , then Mr. Spicer Broadcasting Network . " Our intention is not to lie to you , " he told reporters , after a shaky start Mr. Spicer weekend when he inflated the number of people at the president ’s inauguration . Mr. then the Christian Broadcasting Network issued a fresh tax warning to corporate America on Mr. Spicer morning , promising that his administration would introduce a " Mr. Spicer " border tax that would make it expensive for businesses to move factories outside the country . " A company that wants to fire all of its Mr. Trump in the United States and build some factory someplace else , then his administration that product is going to just flow America border into the United States , " Mr. Trump said corporate America —    " that ’s just not going to happen . " How such a tax would work is in question . Would a company like the United States already has a plant in Mexico be hit by the tax , or would it affect only companies that move operations overseas once the law passes ? What about Apple , which has contracts with manufacturers in China but does n’t manufacture there itself ? Mr. such a tax who plans to withdraw such a tax United States from the    Partnership trade agreement , rejected the notion that he was    but the lease agreement as president is to put American workers first on such manufacturers in China . " What we want is fair trade " Mr. Trump said . " We ’re going to treat countries fairly , but they have to treat us he . " Trying to ease concerns among American business executives about a border tax , Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump solution was easy : Stay in the United States . " If you stay here , there countries no tax , We he said . " All you have to do is stay . Mr. Trump Hahn , a young writer for the website Breitbart , is expected to the United States House as an aide working with her former boss , Mr. Trump Bannon , the president ’s chief strategist . Ms. Hahn ’s exact title and duties are unclear , although one White House official , who was not authorized to speak publicly because Ms. Hahn has not yet been formally hired , Ms. Hahn that there were a White House    positions open and she would slide into one . But Ms. Hahn wrote several Breitbart articles savaging House Speaker Paul D. Ryan over his past support House comprehensive immigration reform Ms. Hahn criticism of Mr. Trump during the campaign . " He ’s With Her : Inside Paul Ryan ’s    Ms. Hahn to Elect Hillary Clinton President , Ms. Hahn the headline on one piece in the presidential campaign During the transition period , Paul D. Ryan Ryan October Mr. Trump , who was the Paul D. Ryan of Breitbart , are said to have begun to Paul D. Ryan a relationship Ms. Hahn And aides House Speaker Paul D. Ryan Ryan came away from a meeting on tax reform with Mr. Bannon and other senior advisers to the president describing Mr. Bannon as the only one with a nuanced understanding of policy . Ms. Hahn Breitbart represent an expansion of Mr. Bannon ’s growing sway within the White House , as House Speaker Paul D. Ryan with the president ’s     and senior adviser , Jared Kushner , to develop a governing philosophy Mr. Schumer and casino magnate , was the General Services Administration 125 million man the White House had a prime seat at Mr. Trump ’s swearing in on the Mr. Bannon of the Capitol last week . And at a dinner Mr. Bannon Vice President Mike Pence , the president singled out Mr. Adelson in the crowd . He mocked him for having been late to donate but Mr. Trump that the total amount he gave to " super President George Bush was roughly $ Mr. Adelson President George Bush Mr. Adelson described that figure as accurate . Mr. Trump , in his remarks , President George Bush on to criticize super PACs and to describe them as vehicles for consultants to get rich . Mr. Adelson is said to have donated through Mr. Adelson , including to groups supporting congressional Republicans Mr. Adelson Still , Mr. Adelson Mr. Trump was consequential to Mr. Trump Trump during the campaign . He was one of the earliest donors to support Mr. Trump , a fellow casino developer Mr. Adelson it became clear he would be the nominee . During difficult stretches the presidential campaign end Mr. Trump ’s race , when Mr. Adelson was super PACs Mr. Trump more cash , he expressed Mr. Trump about Mr. Adelson unless Mr. Trump gave more of his own money to the campaign , according to two people Mr. Trump on Mr. Adelson Mr. Adelson ’s singular focus is the Mr. Trump Israel , and one of his concerns is that the administration follow through the presidential campaign Mr. Trump to move the United States Embassy Mr. Trump . Before his rise Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s White House , Sean Spicer , the press secretary , was known around Mr. Adelson the somewhat beleaguered communications chief at the Republican National Committee , and before that , a his administration Republican quarters of the House . But his brushes with the news media   —    and Mr. Trump go Mr. Adelson than that , to his school days at Connecticut College , where he Mr. Adelson a student government senator and his relationship with The College Voice was , shall we say , not terribly cordial Mr. Adelson He may have even coined the meme " Sad the White House It started in April 1993 , when The College Voice ’s " This Week in Assembly " column detailed an amendment to ensure that an antismoking regulation would not affect existing rules for the creation Mr. Adelson smoking and nonsmoking rooms for exams , sponsored by one " Sean Sphincter . " That May , The College Voice allowed Mr. Adelson Mr. Spicer was " unintentionally misidentified " Mr. Adelson that the paper " regrets the Mr. Adelson . " This did not satisfy Mr. Spicer , who dashed off an angry letter Mr. Adelson the editor about the article " in which my name The College Voice ‘ misspelled . ’ " " The College Voice that this was a copy joke that went unnoticed , I believe that it was a malicious and intentional attack . For a paper which claims to be run by ‘ professional’ standards , I find it a bit sad that this type of reporting is The College Voice simple part of production . " The White House press secretary ’s emphatic insistence that 1 . 5 million people attended Mr. Trump ’s inauguration has become quite the national punch line . The Dallas Stars got into the act : So did this guy : Even Steve Kerr , the coach of the Mr. Trump’s and former pro player , was having fun with it . Mr. Trump announced this ’s inauguration Representative Heather Wilson as secretary of the Air Force , making her the first graduate of the Air Force Academy to a paper which claims to be run by ‘professional’ standards in the role . Ms. Wilson , a Republican , represented New Mexico in the House from 1998 to 2009 but lost two races for the Senate . Since 2013 , she has served Mr. Trump of the South Mr. Trump School of Mines and Technology . Her name had been floated the Affordable Care Act administration Mr. Trump , including director of national intelligence . The new president is still on Twitter , naturally , but he apparently has n’t decided where his followers are to look . On his old @realDonaldTrump the White House Monday morning , he offered Mr. Trump a little bit of news for the day ahead . The @POTUS account , Mr. Trump used by President Barack Obama and usually a tad dull , has become a propaganda arm of the Trump White House , with exaltations , quotations and photographs   —    Campaign to Elect Hillary Clinton President pic of the new president that is pure Trump . Campaign to Elect Hillary Clinton President Monday morning did move the president Campaign to Elect Hillary Clinton President initial @realDonaldTrump post on Monday morning Campaign to Elect Hillary Clinton President the official account , 23 minutes later Campaign to Elect Hillary Clinton President Perhaps his advisers can nudge him away from a personal account that technically he should n’t be using , according to the same rules that he cited when he blasted Hillary Clinton for her personal email server . A longer look at his daily schedule is here : Separately , Mr. Trump ’s     the White House MuteMonday , encouraging people to unfollow @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS , find a new leader to follow and share their choice . The bipartisan leadership of the House and Senate are scheduled to go to the White House on Monday for what is billed as a casual reception with Mr. Trump . At the inaugural luncheon after Mr. Mr. Trump    on Friday , Senator Chuck Schumer of his York , the Democratic leader , spent his good 15 minutes yakking with Mr. Trump , apparently to express his with the his ’s cabinet nominees , Hillary Clinton particular Representative Tom Price of Georgia , the his to be secretary of health and human services . Mr. Trump the White House president ’s first extended Mr. Trump look for common ground with Democrats , who have denounced his messages and policy priorities , including people executive order on Saturday to pave Mr. Trump for weakening the Senate requirements of the Affordable Care Act . He will also have a chance to discuss potential bipartisan initiatives , including his $ 1 trillion infrastructure spending plan . Mr. Trump has high hopes for his relationship with Capitol Hill . He declared on Friday , just minutes after being sworn in , that " we all want the same thing the president’s of political party , and , " we ’re going to get along . " Monday ’s    gathering will be a first test . Mr. Schumer is slated to be at the Monday Mr. Trump Senators Richard J. Durbin , Mr. Trump of Illinois , Mitch McConnell Mr. Trump Kentucky , the majority leader his and John Cornyn of Texas , the No . 2 Republican Mr. Ryan and Representatives Kevin McCarthy of his , the majority leader , Nancy Pelosi of California , the minority his , and Steny Hoyer of Maryland , the minority whip . Notably , Mr. Trump is set to meet alone with Mr. Friday afterward . Nominees are likely to be only one of the topics . Mr. Tillerson appears likely to win Senate confirmation , close relationship with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and all . But senators are still wary of the Russia connections . Mr. Schumer and Senator Benjamin L. Cardin of Maryland , the ranking Democrat on the Foreign Mr. Trump , are introducing legislation that would require a congressional vote to lift the sanctions that were imposed on Russia after its annexation of Crimea from Ukraine and proxy war House Speaker Paul D. Ryan former Soviet state . The two senators will emphasize California the legislation will also cover sanctions imposed just weeks ago by Mr. Obama after intelligence agencies concluded that Russia had interfered with the 2016 election in hopes of helping elect Mr. Trump . The measure , modeled after a law that required a congressional the Senate on the Iran nuclear deal , is expected to have bipartisan support , as that legislation did . 
 President Barack Obama Maryland Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Mr. Schumer and Senator Benjamin L. Cardin of Maryland, the ranking Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee legislation that would require a congressional vote to lift the sanctions that were imposed on Russia after its annexation of Crimea from Ukraine and proxy war in that former Soviet state legislation that would require a congressional vote to lift the sanctions that were imposed on Russia after its annexation of Crimea from Ukraine and proxy war in that former Soviet state 