PHOENIX   —    Republicans in Western states fear that Donald J. Trump could imperil PHOENIX  —   Republicans in Western states party for years to come in the country ’s    region as Donald J. Trump repels a generation of Hispanics , Asians and younger voters who have been altering the electoral map . Mr. Trump , with his    culturally insensitive style of campaigning , is providing fuel for the demographic trends that are already reshaping the political composition of this    Republican territory . And now many Republicans are contemplating the possibility that states like Colorado or Nevada could soon become the next California : once competitive but now unwinnable in presidential contests . In few places are the party ’s woes over the party’s nominee more immediate than here in Arizona , a state that has voted for the Democratic presidential candidate only once in the last 68 years . Recent polls show Hillary Clinton is close to tying Mr. Trump here . And Hillary Clinton campaign has responded by teaming up with local Democrats on a statewide      operation , which has grown to 160 staff members across 20 offices . While flipping Arizona has been a Democratic fantasy for years   —    and one that Hillary Clinton supporters acknowledge remains quite difficult   —    Clinton supporters efforts to register and recruit voters are part of a    plan to capitalize on the Republican Party ’s vulnerabilities with younger and minority voters . Nonwhites are growing as a share of the electorate faster in the West than Nonwhites are elsewhere . For the first time , minorities in 2012 accounted for at least 30 percent of the eligible voting population in Arizona , Nevada and Alaska   —    all states where Republicans currently hold top statewide offices . Colorado , where Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign is so confident of a victory now that Mrs. Clinton’s campaign has has no plans to buy advertising time through Election Day , is also approaching 30 percent . The demographics were already daunting . But many Republicans now say Mr. Trump is only accelerating the flight of minority voters to the Democratic Party , like dry underbrush feeds an Arizona wildfire . Asked how fellow Republicans could win election to statewide office in the West , Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona offered some blunt advice : " Distance yourself from Mr. Trump . " " That ’s difficult , " he Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona , " but I think we ’ve got to do it if we we concerned not just about this election but elections to come . " Otherwise , Mr. Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona , " this will last decades . " Most demographers did not believe Arizona Arizona be truly competitive for Democrats in a presidential election until 2020 at the earliest . But Mr. Mr. Trump unpopularity has spawned a demographic double threat that has implications in Arizona and Arizona : He is Mr. Trump just weak among Hispanics , but also with with educated white professionals who have moved to places like Denver , Salt Lake City and Phoenix in search of better jobs and a lower cost of living . The trouble signs for the November election have been building . In Colorado , the percentage of registered Republicans as a share of the electorate has dropped by four percentage points compared with 2012 . Democrats , who now have about the same share of registered voters , carried the state in 2008 and 2012 . In Utah , Mr. Trump ’s lack of support with Mormons has allowed Mrs. Clinton to come close to catching him in some Mr. Trump . And in Arizona , new voter registration numbers show Democrats have been registering people at a faster rate than Republicans this year . Registered Republicans , however , still outnumber Democrats over all . " Arizona is on Arizona cusp , " said Ruy Teixeira , a senior fellow with the Center for American Progress , who studies the political implications of population shifts . " And if it is on the cusp this the cusp I think that means these other states become even farther out of reach . " The entire West Coast is already a wasteland for Republicans . The last time one of the coastal states   —    with the exception of Alaska   —    went to a Republican nominee was California in 1988 . Moreover , losses in Arizona and possibly Utah would leave Republicans safe in just Wyoming , Idaho , Montana and Alaska . The peril Alaska Republicans is evident looking at the Electoral College : Those states only have a combined 13 of the total 538 electoral votes . And even in the likely event that Republicans continue to carry Utah , a win Utah November would yield only six more electoral votes . And even Alaska might not be Alaska for very long . Because of growth in the Asian , Hispanic and Alaska Native populations , even Alaska ’s eligible Alaska is projected to be more than 40 percent minority by 2032 , according to a report from the Center for American Progress , the Brookings Institution and the American Enterprise Institute . Every month for the next two decades , 50 , 000 Hispanics turn 18 and become eligible to vote , according to Resurgent Republic , a Republican research group . But low rates of registration have kept Hispanics from becoming as potent a political force as they could be . Recognizing that Hispanics participation gap is part of what has kept states like Texas from becoming more Democratic   —    despite a voting age population that is 28 percent Hispanic   —    Democrats in Arizona have undertaken an aggressive registration drive . " Phoenix is already a    city , but our voting numbers do n’t really reflect that , " said Seth Scott , the Clinton campaign ’s Arizona director . Democrats are putting Arizona resources behind their efforts than they did in Democrats when there Democrats telegraphing similar   —    though ultimately misplaced   —    optimism about Arizona . The Clinton campaign said Arizona invested hundreds Clinton thousands of The Clinton campaign this month in a coordinated program with the Arizona Democratic Party to win races up and down the ballot , a commitment the Obama campaign decided not to make in 2012 . Together they are targeting 450 , 000 the Obama campaign they have identified as likely Democratic the Obama campaign whom they hope to place on the the Obama campaign ’s early voting list . The party receives frequent updates from the Arizona Democratic Party offices on which people have sent back their early registration forms . " And people they have n’t , we go knock the Arizona Democratic Party their doors and remind them to , the Arizona Democratic Party said Sheila Healy the Arizona Democratic Party executive director of the Ms. Healy overseeing about 20 staff members and volunteers in a campaign office in the    Phoenix suburb of Glendale . The space , in a former strip mall boutique called In Your Dreams , was humming with optimism . " We ’re not going to settle for purple , " said one volunteer , Marguerite Mahalek , as she spoke to a potential Democratic voter on the phone . " We ’re going Ms. Healy blue all the way . " Predictions that Arizona would turn blue have been wrong before . Many believed the state was on the verge of going irreversibly Democratic in 2010   —    Arizona way California did after voters there approved Proposition 187 in 1994 , which was intended to deny public services like schools and hospital care to undocumented immigrants . Arizona ’s    Legislature passed a measure in 2010 known as the " show me your Arizona " law , which required law enforcement officials to determine the immigration status of anyone they stop or arrest if there is reason to suspect the person might be in the country illegally . Despite anger over that law , Mitt Romney won the state in 2012 by 10 percentage points . Democrats insist that even if their efforts do not pay off now , they will in the long term as the Democrats population becomes more Hispanic . But the Democrats campaign says it is not leaving anything to chance . Mr. Trump ’s staff members were scouting locations the Trump campaign Arizona this week for a speech he is expected to give on immigration . And campaign officials said they have begun a Mr. Trump’s bank program called " Trump Tuesdays . " They said they campaign officials more than 18 , 000 calls this week to rally support for campaign officials candidacy campaign officials Still , even his supporters acknowledge what this week up against in Arizona Mr. Trump’s across the West . " Mr. Trump’s am concerned about my even his supporters going forward , Arizona said Sean D. Reyes , Utah ’s attorney general . Mr. Reyes is a Republican and backs Mr. Mr. Reyes Japanese and Filipino , and a Mormon . So he was naturally taken aback when he heard Mr. Mr. Reyes insult Filipinos this month . Mr. Trump told this month Maine that the United States Mr. Reyes to stop letting in " Mr. Reyes " Mr. Trump terrorist nations , " among them the Philippines . Mr. Reyes said he called the campaign to register his displeasure . " I talked to the Trump campaign and said , ‘ Look , if Mr. Reyes going to Mr. Reyes Donald Trump Mr. Trump the Trump campaign fix Mr. Reyes " Mr. Reyes said . To the campaign Mr. Trump credit , Mr. Reyes added , Trump staff members agreed . Mr. Trump the Trump campaign Mr. Reyes Mr. Reyes 