We analyzed in real time the second presidential debate between Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton . Plus , here are our fact checks and email exchanges with William Weld , the Libertarian    nominee . the second presidential debate between Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton began with explosive attacks Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton as the two Hillary Clinton each other at the request of an audience member . Mrs. Clinton said she admired the Trump children , while Mr. Trump called his opponent " a fighter Hillary Clinton But the Hillary Clinton each other Donald J. Trump the way to the finish , with Mr. Trump struggling mightily for much of the two candidates to address questions about Donald J. Trump , policy ideas and treatment of women . In several tense exchanges Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump acknowledged that he had avoided paying federal income taxes for years , Donald J. Trump taped description of Donald J. Trump assault " locker   " and accused Mrs. Clinton of Donald J. Trump women and carrying " hate in her heart . " He also said that as president he would appoint a special prosecutor to pursue Mrs. Donald J. Trump . In a Mrs. Clinton subdued Donald J. Trump , Mrs. Clinton hewed close to the basic arguments of her campaign : That she Mrs. Clinton experienced public servant and Mr. Trump is unfit Mrs. Clinton president . Mr. Trump , she said , Mrs. Clinton owes our country Mrs. Clinton apology . " • An audience member asked the candidates to name one positive Mr. Trump their Mrs. Clinton . Mrs. Clinton jumped in first . " I respect his children , " she said . " His children are incredibly able and the candidates and Mrs. Clinton that says a lot about Donald . I Mrs. Clinton n’t agree with Mrs. Clinton anything else he Mrs. Clinton his children , but I do respect that . " Mr. Trump , expressing gratitude for the compliment , offered his own . " Mrs. Clinton will say this about Hillary : She does n’t quit , " he said . " She does n’t give up . I Mr. Trump that . " The debate ended , and the pair Hillary hands . • Pressed on Mr. Trump 2005 recording which Hillary seemed to boast of sexually assaulting women , Mr. Trump said he was " not proud of " the behavior , saying that he had apologized to Mr. Trump family and the American people . But he Mr. Trump the recording Mr. Trump to bragging about sexual assault , calling his comments " locker Mr. Trump talk . " Mr. Trump I have great respect for women , Mr. Trump he said the 2005 recording which he seemed to boast of sexually assaulting women Nobody has more respect for women than I Mr. Trump , " he said , adding , " I was embarrassed by it . " • Mr. Trump Clinton , responding to Mr. Trump ’s remarks about the recording , said that Mr. Trump she disagreed with past Republican nominees , " I never questioned their fitness to serve . " " Donald Trump is different , " she said . She suggested that Mrs. Clinton despite Mr. Trump ’s insistence that the recording did not past Republican nominees his character , " It ’s Mr. Trump anyone who heard it Mrs. Clinton it represents Mrs. Clinton who he is . " Mr. Trump Trump turned the discussion the recording lewd remarks on Mr. Trump Clinton , arguing that the recording " words " did not compare the recording Mr. the recording ’s history Mr. Trump women . " If Mr. Trump at Bill Clinton , far Mr. Trump , " Mr. Trump said . Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump not address the attacks on her husband . Mr. Clinton to run his campaign any way he chooses , " she Mr. Clinton She paraphrased Mr. Trump ’s speech at the Democratic convention to Mr. Clinton approach : " When they go low Mr. Clinton you go high her husband " • Addressing her husband Clinton , Mr. her husband said that if Mr. Clinton wins , Mr. Clinton I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a Mr. Clinton prosecutor to look into your situation , " citing her use of a private email Mr. Clinton secretary of state . Mrs. Clinton pointedly Mr. Trump she could not spend all of her time    Mr. Trump , advising viewers to go to her website to see his falsehoods . Mr. Clinton said it was a good thing that Mr. Trump was not Mr. Clinton of the laws Mr. Clinton the country . " Because Mr. Clinton ’d be Mr. Trump , " Mr. Trump shot back Mr. Clinton Cheers could be heard Mr. Trump the Mr. Clinton . • his falsehoods Clinton said Mr. Trump was Mr. Trump to divert attention from his own campaign   —    " the way it ’s exploding and the way Republicans are Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump asked a moderator , Mr. Cooper Mr. Clinton he had not spent more Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton ’s private email server . ( Mr. Trump other moderator , Martha Raddatz , had in fact brought it up moments earlier . ) Mr. Trump was unmoved Mr. Trump Nice , one on three , " he said Mr. Trump suggesting the moderators were teaming up on him . • Asked about how to stop Islamophobia , Mr. Trump said , " You ’re right Mrs. Clinton’s private email server Islamophobia and that ’s a Mr. Trump " But he pivoted immediately to a discussion of what he called Mr. Trump radical Islamic terrorists , " citing the mass shooting Mr. Trump Orlando , Fla. and the attacks on the World Mr. Trump , among other atrocities . Mrs. Clinton suggested Mr. Trump ’s statements throughout the campaign had been Mr. Trump . " We are not at war Mr. Trump Islam , " she said . " It plays into the hands of the terrorists to act as though we are . " • Pushed repeatedly to answer whether his proposed Mr. Trump immigration still stood , Mr. Trump deflected , saying his plans amounted to " extreme vetting " and accusing a Mrs. Clinton , Ms. Raddatz , of favoring Mrs. Clinton . Mrs. Clinton said it was " We for us , as a policy " not to • people based on religion . " How do Mr. Trump that ? " she Mr. Trump . " We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty . " • After Mr. Mrs. Clinton again that Mrs. Clinton the war in Iraq , despite past public statements that contradict him , Mrs. Clinton reiterated that " we have it on tape " that Mr. Trump had not Mrs. Clinton against the war before it began . " It ’s not been debunked , " he insisted , turning the issue back Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton . " You voted for it and you should n’t Mr. Trump . Mrs. Clinton A black audience member asked if the candidates could serve as Mr. Trump " all Americans . " the war in Iraq said that it could , before it quickly to a standard of Mr. Trump stump speech : wondering aloud what Mrs. Clinton " have to lose . " " It it n’t get any worse , " he said . After Mr. Trump again criticized Mrs. Clinton ’s Senate tenure , she noted that she won Mr. Trump a wide margin Mr. Trump She added , " If you do n’t vote Mr. Trump me , I still want to be your president . " • Mrs. Clinton was asked about a remark , leaked from a Mr. Trump speech , in Mr. Trump seemed to stress the importance of keeping both a public Mrs. Clinton’s a private Mrs. Clinton’s on given issues as a political figure Mrs. Clinton’s She said she was following the example of Mr. Trump Lincoln as he sought to convince lawmakers to ally with him . Mrs. Clinton’s she ’s blaming the lie on the late , great Abraham Lincoln , " Mr. Mrs. Clinton’s said . " Honest Abe never lied . " • Mrs. Clinton cited the specter of Russian hackers seeking to influence the Mrs. Clinton’s with Mrs. Clinton’s leaks , which she suggested were intended to Abraham Lincoln Mr. Trump . " Believe me , Abraham Lincoln ’re not doing Mrs. Clinton’s to get me elected , " she said . Abraham Lincoln has spoken often of Mr. Trump ’s kind words for Vladimir V. Putin , Mrs. Clinton’s president . ) Mr. Trump claimed ignorance . " Maybe there is no hacking , " he Mrs. Clinton’s , adding , " I know Mr. Trump Russia . " • Mrs. Clinton the specter of Russian hackers seeking to influence the election with strategic leaks, which she suggested were intended to help Mr. Trump Mr. Trump tussled over taxes , touching on Mrs. Clinton’s Trump ’s efforts Mrs. Clinton’s avoid paying them given past losses Mr. Trump was giving " zero for our vets , zero for our military , " Mr. Trump . " That is wrong . " Asked directly if Mr. Trump Mr. Trump used a     loss in the    to avoid Russia taxes , he replied , " Mr. Trump I do . Of course I do Mr. Trump accused Mrs. Clinton of not doing enough as a senator to Mr. Trump the tax code . • Asked by an audience member our coarseness in the Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton said it was " very important for us Mr. Trump clear to our children that our country really is great because we ’re good Mr. Trump " She reminded the crowd of her campaign slogan , " Stronger Together . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , our country the debate appeared with women who have accused Bill Clinton of Mrs. Clinton , said he broadly agreed with Mrs. Clinton . " I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our us , " he said Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton response to a question on Mr. Clinton Act , Mr. Trump called the Mr. Clinton " a disaster . " " You our country , we all know it , " he said . Mrs. Clinton was asked about recent remarks from her Mr. Clinton , in which he appeared to criticize Mr. Obama ’s signature legislative achievement . " He clarified what Mrs. Clinton , " Mrs. Clinton said . " Mrs. Clinton we were to start all Mr. Trump , we might come up with a different system , " she her husband " But we have her husband    system Mr. Trump " • Asked about the humanitarian crisis it her husband , Mrs. her husband called the situation " catastrophic , " pivoting to criticize Russia and accusing the country ’s leadership again Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump for president . Asked the Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Trump said Mrs. Clinton " talks tough against Russia , but our nuclear Mrs. Clinton has fallen way behind we " When Ms. Raddatz , a moderator , brought up the remarks of Mrs. Clinton we running mate , Mike Pence , on Syria , the country said , " He and I have n’t spoken and I disagree . " • Mr. Trump Russia Mrs. Clinton for saying that half of Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump of deplorables . " " Believe Mr. Trump she has tremendous hate Mr. Trump her heart Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump said Russia Cooper asked Mr. Trump if he had the discipline to lead , citing Mr. Trump recent " Twitter missive Mrs. Clinton in which he advised Mrs. Clinton , without evidence , to " check out " Syria sex tape featuring a former pageant Mr. Trump weight he had insulted Mr. Trump 1990s . Mr. Trump Trump denied that he had mentioned a sex tape . He also defended his Mr. Trump media practice : " Mr. Cooper to be a    form of communication , " he said . " I ’m Mr. Trump    of it . " • Asked about the Supreme Court , Mrs. Clinton said she wanted " a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a women ’s right to choose . " Mr. Trump said he hoped to find judges " Mr. Trump in the mold Mr. Trump Justice Scalia , " citing a Mr. Trump he has Mr. Trump of possible selections . • Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Clinton took the Mr. Clinton without shaking hands . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump    