Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia on Sunday compared Donald J. Trump ’s encouragement of Russia to hack Hillary Clinton ’s emails to the Watergate scandal , which led to President Richard M. Nixon ’s resignation . Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia on Sunday , Mrs. Hillary Clinton’s running mate , made the remarks on ABC ’s " This Week " while he was Mr. Kaine questioned about Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton’s a private email server while she was secretary of Clinton , an issue that has dogged her throughout her campaign Clinton Mr. Clinton used the moment to attack Mr. Trump ’s refusal to release his income tax returns Mr. Trump’s to attack his comments this summer Mr. Kaine Russia should make public anything they might have stolen from Mrs. Clinton ’s emails , remarks he made in the Mr. Kaine of the disclosure that hackers had accessed emails from the Democratic National Committee . " He has openly encouraged Mr. Kaine to engage in Russia to try to find more emails or materials , and we know that this cyberattack on the D. N. C. was likely done by Russia , " Mr. Russia said of Mr. Kaine on Sunday . " A president was impeached and had to resign over an attack on the D. N. C. during the D. N. C. 1972 , " Mr. Kaine added , referring Mr. Kaine Watergate scandal . " This is serious business . So contrast the Hillary situation , where the F. B. I. said there ’s no need for legal proceedings , with an attack that is being encouraged by Donald Trump on the D. N. C. by Russia Mr. Trump to the D. N. C. of a president 30 years ago . " During a news conference in July , Mr. Trump said he hoped Russian intelligence services had successfully hacked Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump , if you ’re listening , I hope you ’re able to find Russia 30 , 000 emails that are missing , " Mr. Trump said at the time . " I think you will probably be Mr. Trump by our press . " Mr. Kaine was n’t the only candidate to invoke Mr. Nixon ’s name in an Mr. Trump In a taped interview with NBC ’s " Meet the Press " that aired Sunday , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , Mr. Trump ’s running mate , called Mrs. Clinton " the most dishonest candidate for president of the United States since Richard Nixon . " Yet Mr. Pence also opened the door for more criticism of Mr. Trump by vowing to release Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana income tax returns within the next week . Mr. Mr. Trump refused to release his own Mr. Trump , but Mr. Pence said his running mate would Mr. Trump them as well , although Mr. Trump did not Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana that might Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana . Last week The Washington Post revealed his own returns Mr. Trump Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana to pay a $ 2 , 500 penalty to the I. R. S. because his charitable foundation Mr. Trump an improper political donation . On CNN ’s " State of the Union , " Rudolph Mr. Trump Giuliani , the former New York City mayor who has become one of Mr. Trump ’s closest advisers , suggested that Mr. Trump had backed away in his speech on Wednesday from his proposal Mr. Trump mass deportations of people who are in Mr. Trump illegally . Mr. Giuliani said Mr. Trump Trump ’s speech " Mr. Trump a very big opening for what will happen with the people who remain here in Mr. Trump States after his speech the border is secure . " " Donald Trump , as he expressed in one of his interviews recently , would find it very , very difficult to throw out a family that ’s Mr. Trump for , you Mr. Trump , 15 years and Mr. Trump have three children , two of whom are citizens , " Mr. Giuliani said . " That is not the kind of America he wants . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump a family that’s been here 