( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . How often do we get to start off with good news ? The Census Bureau ’s latest report showed that U. S. household income grew 5 . 2 percent last year , the fastest rate since at least 1967 . There were especially large declines in the poverty rates among    and Hispanic households . Many economists greeted The Census Bureau’s latest report with ebullience . The chairman of President Obama ’s Council of Economic Advisers tweeted that this was " unambiguously the best " such census data " ever . " _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Hillary Clinton is recovering from pneumonia at her Hillary Clinton in Chappaqua , N. Y. so President President Obama’s for her . Hillary Clinton We can not afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show , " he told President Obama’s enthusiastic crowd in Philadelphia . Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton the gap left by her campaign ’s    Hillary Clinton , leaving her team without a Hillary Clinton message to focus on in her absence . Donald Hillary Clinton sought to seize campaign momentum , with appearances in Des Moines and , with his daughter Ivanka , Donald Trump Philadelphia , where he will talk about Donald Trump leave and child care . His running mate , Donald Trump Pence , met with the Republican National Committee and some Republican leaders , but failed to persuade them to rally behind the Republican National Committee and some Republican leaders Trump . _ Donald Trump _ _ 3 . " I think people today feel disappointed , frustrated , ticked off or just plain sad , or a combination of all of the above . " That was the head of a sports organization in North Carolina , a day after the N. C. A. A. pulled its championship events from the state over a law North Carolina rights of gay and transgender people . Frustration was running particularly high among Republicans , and in areas that have supported L. G. B. T. rights , where people feel unfairly punished . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Russian computer hackers published documents showing that three renowned U. S. athletes   —    Serena Williams , Venus Williams and Simone Biles   —    obtained medical exemptions to use banned drugs . The World    Agency , the source of the documents , denounced the effort to smear athletes who had received permission to use " a needed medication . " The hackers , a group known as Tsar Team or Fancy Bear , said they would release records of athletes The hackers, a group known as Tsar Team or Fancy Bear around the world . Many Russians were barred from the Rio Olympics after a vast    doping program came to light . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . What a difference a film festival can make . Forecasts for the coming Oscars season shifted after several films received powerfully positive receptions in Toronto . The most buzz went to " Lion , " a film by Harvey Weinstein ’s company based on the true story of a     Indian boy who steps on the wrong train and is separated from his family   —    and who , years later , sets out to find his parents . " Harvey ’s his , " a longtime Academy Awards handicapper wrote on Twitter . _ _ _ _ _ 6 .    activists and health experts made a personal appeal to President Obama to ban menthol cigarettes . The flavoring , which makes it easier to start smoking and harder to quit , is embraced by four out of five black smokers . About 45 , 000    die a year from    illnesses , and black men have the highest lung cancer mortality rate of any demographic group . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . The U. S. completed a $ 38 billion ,    package of military aid for Israel , the largest of its kind ever , American officials    . The aid includes financing for missile military aid for Israel that defend against rockets fired by groups like Hezbollah and Hamas , and phases out a provision allowing Israel to buy Israeli arms , instead Israel the money only to U. S.   military systems . Above , Israeli forces on drills . Shimon Peres Israeli 93 and one of the last living founders of the modern state of Israel , suffered a serious stroke . Israel _ _ _ _ 8 . A Syrian    appeared to be largely holding on its second day . But aid convoys Syrian , still waiting for word that routes into the besieged city of Aleppo were secure . The    part of a deal between the U. S. and Russia , calls for the two to share targeting information on Islamic State forces if the    holds for seven days . But skepticism of the unusual collaboration , which Secretary of State John Kerry brokered with his Russian counterpart , above , is Secretary of State John Kerry high within the U. S. military and the White House . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . What ’s in the Kaaba , or cube , the black building that encloses the most sacred space in Islam ? That was one of the questions readers sent to our correspondent who is on the annual hajj in Saudi Arabia . Very few people have been inside , she answered , but what ’s interesting our correspondent who is on the annual hajj in Saudi Arabia how few objects are there . " Muslims are internalizing in every prayer that the one god they worship can not be represented in Muslims image and can not be imagined , to the point where the house sanctified to God is empty , " she wrote . Watch a video of our correspondent who is on the annual hajj in Saudi Arabia experiences , above . _ _ our correspondent who is on the annual hajj in Saudi Arabia _ _ 10 . Finally , while there ’s been a run on a credit card with a $ 450 annual fee with a lavish rewards program , a professor of economics has pointed out that many of us do n’t pinch our pennies in the right spots . us notes that consumers often waste money a professor of economics chasing deals that offer a big percentage of savings   —    but in dollars and cents , not so much . Think about money in absolute terms , he urges : " After all , a professor of economics your shopping is done , it is dollars   —    not your shopping   —    that will be in your bank account . " _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at Your Evening Briefing Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 