Senator Marco Rubio of Florida said Wednesday that Senator Marco Rubio of Florida would run for    abandoning plans to pursue a more lucrative career in the private sector and jolting a competitive race that is crucial to Democrats’ plans to retake control of the Senate . Mr. Rubio , 45 , who had told associates of Senator Marco Rubio of Florida reluctance to give up the high profile and political power that a the Senate seat offers , will enter a competitive race that is crucial to Democrats’ with the formidable advantages of incumbency , national name recognition and strong ties to the Republican Party ’s donor base . But Senator Marco Rubio of Florida faces numerous hurdles , the most difficult of which may be Senator Marco Rubio of Florida history of talking down the the Senate unfulfilling and frustrating at times . Senator Marco Rubio of Florida is also coming off a bruising run for president that ended with an embarrassing    loss to Donald J. Trump in his home Donald J. Trump on March 15   —    a contest that focused in no small part on Mr. Rubio ’s frequent absence from the Senate the Senate Senator Marco Rubio of Florida duties in Florida as Senator Marco Rubio of Florida campaigned nationally . In a preview of what is expected to be one of the most bitter and most expensive Senate races in the Senate country , within minutes of Mr. Rubio ’s Mr. Rubio’s , Democrats accused him of political opportunism and Mr. Rubio’s . Mr. Rubio is not expected Mr. Rubio’s much difficulty in the Republican primary , where a few contenders have withdrawn , but he still faces several    opponents Mr. Rubio’s In November he will probably be challenged by Mr. Rubio’s Patrick Murphy , a     congressman whom Republicans have mocked as young , overambitious and lacking in accomplishment   —    attributes that Democrats have pinned on Mr. Rubio . Political handicappers have Mr. Rubio’s seat as a tossup , though Mr. Rubio ’s decision to run probably Mr. Rubio’s of keeping the seat and their control of the Senate . " He has Political handicappers new life into the G. O. Mr. Rubio’s ’s chances of holding the seat , " said Jennifer Duffy of the the seat Report . " But that does n’t mean that he has become anything more than the very slightest Mr. Rubio’s favorites in November . " Mr. Rubio had been flirting with the idea of running for weeks amid intense pressure from Republican Party leaders , who assured him of their full political and financial backing . He Mr. Rubio declared his intentions on Wednesday , and later Mr. Rubio a statement Mr. Rubio his    by saying , " In politics , admitting Mr. Rubio ’ve changed your mind is not something most people like to do . " " I have often said that the U. S. Senate can be a frustrating place . And it ’s true , " he added . But he the U. S. Senate can be a frustrating place the Senate had the the U. S. Senate role of checking the U. S. Senate executive the U. S. Senate As for Mr. Trump , Mr. Rubio said : " If he is elected , we the U. S. Senate senators willing to encourage him the U. S. Senate the right direction , and if necessary , stand up the U. S. Senate him . I ’ve proven a willingness to do both . " the U. S. Senate Rubio has told colleagues and advisers that he is considering running the U. S. Senate again , in 2020 or 2024 . the U. S. Senate as he and his team weighed a    campaign , they debated how well the U. S. Senate he the U. S. Senate be in once more seeking the colleagues and advisers from the Senate . the U. S. Senate highly strategic politician with a restless personality , Mr. Rubio worried about a diminished profile if he faded from national politics into a career of paid speechmaking , his Mr. Rubio said . But he also considered how being a senator would Mr. Rubio him if he ultimately Mr. Rubio to seek the presidency again . His duties Mr. Rubio Washington Mr. Rubio his ability to raise the presidency to campaign as Mr. Rubio as did some of Mr. Rubio rivals who were not current office holders , such as former Gov. Jeb Mr. Rubio of Florida . And he frequently had to defend himself against accusations that he was furthering his aspirations Mr. Rubio the expense of his Mr. Rubio . For those Mr. Rubio , a Mr. Rubio adviser argued Wednesday that Mr. Mr. Rubio ’s decision should not be seen as motivated by national ambitions . " Marco ’s decision to seek    is about wanting to serve Florida , not about presidential politics , " said Todd Harris , who has served on Mr. Rubio ’s campaigns for Senate and president . " Because if anything , Mr. Rubio’s political standpoint , this creates more problems than opportunities . " That concern was borne out quickly on Wednesday . American Bridge , a Democratic opposition research group , accused Mr. Rubio of " cutting corners and avoiding hard work " and said , " Florida Mr. Rubio’s    him to continue skipping out on the job . " Indeed , according to people who have    with him in recent days , Mr. Rubio was especially concerned about the effect that Mr. Trump ’s    could have on his Mr. Rubio’s winning . A poor performance in the November general election by Mr. Trump against Hillary Mr. Trump’s in Florida , with its large Hispanic population , could hurt Mr. Rubio Mr. Trump’s a political hall of mirrors , Mr. Rubio Florida decision abruptly scrambled the political Mr. Rubio’s had taken shape during the Republican primary fight . Mr. Rubio’s whom Mr. Rubio once belittled as a con artist with small hands and an orange face , has endorsed Mr. Trump he would Mr. Rubio’s Mr. Trump and even speak at the Republican National Convention if asked . Mr. Rubio’s rival who fought bitterly with Mr. Rubio’s Rubio during the primaries , Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , on Wednesday greeted Mr. Rubio ’s announcement by calling him " Mr. Rubio’s voice for the American dream . " 
 Mr. Rubio’s 