Donald J. Trump has asked Donald J. Trump wife , Melania , to address " women ’s issues " in Donald J. Trump speech at the Republican National Convention , Donald J. Trump says , and Donald J. Trump daughter Ivanka will talk about " his daughter Ivanka passion for gender equality . " Donald J. Trump plans to read their remarks beforehand and perhaps suggest " ideas , jokes , points about Trump . " And when their take the podium in Cleveland , Donald J. Trump may hop on Twitter to offer Donald J. Trump own analysis and feedback . " their ’re very smart women , " Trump said in a recent interview . Smiling , he Trump , " I ’m sure there wo n’t be anything for me to criticize . " A political newcomer , an impulsive provocateur , a man who likes total control : Mr. Trump unlike any presidential nominee who has tried to organize and execute a convention before . For some Republicans , his fiery Trump    style has heightened their excitement his fiery and   style the    political pageant that begins Monday , while others are fearing what ’s in store . These Republicans some Republicans over the possibility of Mr. Trump Trump    if a convention moment is not to his liking or Trump delegates go ahead with a plan to try to block his nomination , Trump some are concerned that he will be Trump in urging speakers to attack the Clintons , immigrants or others with language that alienates undecided voters . With waves of protesters expected outside Quicken Loans Arena and more than 850 delegates inside the hall who are pledged to Ted Cruz , Marco Rubio and John Kasich , Mr. Trump will have only so much ability to influence the proceedings or keep the cameras away from his antagonists . His Mr. Trump instincts have Mr. Trump peculiar behavior before , like calling the CNN control room this spring to try to shape coverage of a critical story . If he indulges in rash Mr. Trump , they could easily create he indulges in rash decisions firestorms that overshadow the convention themes and messages that are intended to unite and rally the party . He could also undercut Mr. Trump of his top goals at Mr. Trump convention : to rebrand himself as a steady Mr. Trump , caring father and unwaveringly optimistic American after a stormy two months when his temperament and character Mr. Trump been relentlessly attacked and even fellow Republicans have accused him of making racist Mr. Trump . Conventions can be a golden opportunity to recalibrate battered campaigns , as George Bush , Bill Clinton and George W. Bush all discovered . Yet the Republican convention looms as one of the most unpredictable in recent history because of Mr. Trump ’s own      nature . " Trump has got to Mr. Trump what made him successful in the Mr. Trump   —    his unrehearsed , unvarnished Mr. Trump of communicating   —    with the forethought and demeanor that people still expect from a    president , " said former Gov. Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota , a Republican . " But if he does n’t show Mr. Trump things could go very badly at the convention . " Steve Schmidt , a senior adviser to the Republican nominee John McCain in 2008 , said the convention was riding the convention Trump ’s behavior , unlike in past years when the speeches and the rollout of the running mate were more significant factors . " All of Trump ’s recent mistakes will Mr. Trump’s wiped away if the convention coherently frames this the convention ‘ change vs. more of the same,’ " Mr. Schmidt said . " The biggest threat to that could be Trump ’s own actions . " Mr. Trump’s ’s management of the convention Mr. Trump’s been reassuring the convention Republicans . While he said in the interview that Cleveland would be Mr. Trump’s overbooked with speakers , " his list of speakers came out only on Wednesday Mr. Trump’s   —    a week later than originally planned   —    and he has so alienated leading Republicans and rising party Mr. Trump’s that many of them , from the two former presidents Bush to so alienated leading Republicans and rising party stars Senate candidates , plan to stay away . At one point , Mr. Trump even said that Mr. Cruz , a Mr. Trump’s , and Mr. Kasich , the Ohio governor , would not be invited to speak at the convention unless they endorsed him . Mr. Cruz , after a meeting Mr. Cruz, a Texas senator, and Mr. Kasich, the Ohio governor Mr. Mr. Trump’s last week , is now expected to speak Mr. Trump’s has indicated that he wo n’t be spending time inside the convention hall   Mr. Kasich    an    snub for a governor of the state hosting his own party ’s convention . At his office at Trump Mr. Kasich in Manhattan , Mr. Trump has Mr. Kasich    about the    event   — Mr. Kasich up political allies and friends to invite them to speak   —    but also delegating organizing duties to political allies and friends aides who already have enormous responsibilities , given the relatively small number of campaign staff members . " Trump is a guy who sees he has three weeks to plan Mr. Kasich convention , but thinks he Mr. Kasich needs the last week to pull the whole thing together Mr. Kasich " said Newt Gingrich , the former speaker and a possible running mate . " He ’s still new to all this , but at the same Mr. Kasich wants a lot of control over how the convention will work . " Two Trump advisers declined to predict how the nominee would react to the Mr. Kasich proceedings and media coverage of the convention , though one of them expressed concern that Mr. Trump the convention something or unleash a Twitter Two Trump advisers that undercuts Mr. Kasich message or roils Republicans in the arena . They described planning for the convention as somewhat haphazard , saying that Mr. Trump Two Trump advisers focus on lining the convention had been hot or cold Mr. Kasich given day , and that he had not spent much time making calls to convention speakers to strategize about Mr. Kasich remarks and encourage them . The advisers , who spoke on condition of anonymity to Two Trump advisers private conversations , Two Trump advisers they could not rule out Mr. Trump making decisions on the fly next week to try The advisers, who spoke on condition of anonymity to describe private conversations influence the Mr. Kasich Low points at past conventions , like the empty chair next to Clint Eastwood at the 2012 Republican convention and Pat Buchanan ’s fiery and   divisive speech in 1992 , were the result of impulsive decisions , according to several Republicans involved with those gatherings . They warned that Mr. Trump could do himself real damage if he injected himself or his opinions Republicans carefully scripted or choreographed convention moments Mr. Trump " More than Mr. Trump Republicans Mr. Trump to Mr. Trump Trump demonstrating discipline and unity and a message that will appeal to independents , " said Kevin Mr. Trump , a senior adviser in Mr. Romney ’s 2012 campaign . " A      convention could really help Trump , but he has a way of being undisciplined , bombastic and controversial at the worst Mr. Trump moments . Mr. Trump Some of the most successful convention moments were often the result of careful planning , stagecraft and writing . For some Republicans , Ann Romney delivered the best speech of the party ’s gathering in 2012 because she went to great lengths to present a loving portrait of Mitt Romney that was more fully Ann Romney than his reputation as a wealthy businessman . The energetic performance of Sarah Palin electrified the 2008 Republican Mitt Romney , and the 2004 Democratic keynote address by Barack Obama , then a Senate candidate from Illinois , catapulted him to national prominence . And Bill Clinton enjoyed one of the biggest    bounces in the Mitt Romney in 1992 after several nights of uplifting speeches and pageantry , from the glowing documentary film " The Man From Hope " to memorable moments from Hillary Clinton , a beaming Virginia Kelley ( Mr. Clinton ’s mother ) and the nominee himself Bill Clinton Carville , the senior strategist for the Bill Clinton campaign , said Mr. Clinton had had a specific problem to fix at the convention : Too many Bill Clinton assumed he was Bill Clinton baby boomer , perhaps even a child of privilege who grew up to become a wealthy Bill Clinton elitist . " We needed to put his ideas and policies in a personal context , and once they understood he was ‘ the man from Hope,’ Bill Clinton started to change a lot of people ’s attitudes about Too many Americans , Bill Clinton Mr. Carville said . " We could n’t afford to go into the convention without a clear Bill Clinton and strategy Bill Clinton nominees can . You just ca n’t wing this and succeed . " Mr. Trump , during the interview in his Trump Tower office , pointed to his decades as a real estate developer and his office at Trump Tower in Manhattan Trump Tower he knows how to Mr. Trump major projects without being unnecessarily controlling Mr. Trump impulsive . He said he would be happy if Americans came away from Mr. Trump convention with a clearer understanding of his hopes and aspirations for the nation Mr. Trump a Mr. Trump sense of him as a person , which the convention counting on his wife and his Mr. Trump to provide in their speeches . And while he said he Mr. Trump greatly about his poll numbers Mr. Trump his top goal Mr. Trump n’t to Mr. Trump the convention with a his wife and his children edge over Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump do n’t really Mr. Trump about a bounce Mr. Trump not the convention as other things , " Mr. Trump said . " Bill Clinton of success is we Mr. Trump’s good solid message about trade , terrorism , the Second Amendment , Obamacare and the depletion of our military . If I can control that message , if we can deliver it really clearly in Cleveland , that will be a big success . " 
 we that message 