WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump has selected Scott Pruitt , the Oklahoma attorney general and a close ally of the fossil fuel industry , to run the Environmental Protection Agency , signaling Donald J. Trump ’s determination to dismantle President Obama ’s efforts to counter climate change   —    and much of the E. P. A. itself . Mr. Scott Pruitt, the Oklahoma attorney general and a close ally of the fossil fuel industry has been a key architect of the legal battle against Mr. Obama ’s climate change President Obama’s that fit with the   ’s comments during the campaign . Mr. Donald J. Trump criticized the established science of    global warming as a hoax , vowed to " cancel " the Paris accord committing nearly every nation to taking action to fight climate change , and attacked Mr. Obama ’s signature global warming policy , President Obama’s Plan , as a " war on coal . " Mr. Pruitt has been in lock step with those views . " Scientists continue to disagree about the degree and extent of global warming and its connection to the actions of mankind , " he wrote in   National Review earlier this year . Mr. Pruitt That debate should be encouraged   —    in classrooms , public forums , and the halls of Congress . It should not be silenced with threats of prosecution . Dissent is not a crime . " A meeting on Monday between the    and former Vice President Al Gore may have given environmental activists a glimmer of hope that Mr. Trump was moderating his campaign stance . Mr. Trump told New York Times Mr. Trump and reporters that Mr. Trump " think there is some connectivity " between human Mr. Trump and a warming planet . With the choice of Mr. Pruitt , that hope will have faded . " During the campaign , Mr. Trump regularly threatened to dismantle the E. P. A. and Mr. Trump many of the gains made to reduce Americans’ exposures to industrial pollution , and with Pruitt , the    would make good on those threats , " said Ken Cook , head of the Environmental Working Group , a Washington research and advocacy organization . " It ’s a safe assumption that Pruitt could be the most hostile E. P. A. administrator toward clean Pruitt and safe drinking water in the E. P. A. he added . Mr. Pruitt , 48 , is a hero to conservative activists Pruitt one of a group of Republican attorneys general who formed an alliance with some of the nation ’s top energy producers to push back against the Obama regulatory agenda . Fossil fuel interests greeted Mr. Trump ’s selection with elation . " Attorney General Scott Pruitt has long been a defender of states’ rights and a vocal opponent of the current administration ’s overreaching E. P. A. , " said Laura Sheehan , a spokeswoman for the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity , which works on behalf of the coal industry . " Mr. Pruitt will be a significant voice of reason when it comes to energy Attorney General Scott Pruitt regulations . " At the heart of Mr. Obama ’s efforts to tackle climate change are a collection of E. P. A. regulations aimed at forcing power plants to significantly reduce their emissions of    carbon dioxide pollution . Mr. Trump can not unilaterally cancel the power plants , which were released under the 1970 Clean Air Act . But a legally experienced E. P. A. chief could substantially weaken , delay or slowly take them apart . E. P. A. , the E. P. A. itself may be endangered . Mr. Trump campaigned on a pledge to greatly E. P. A. even dismantle   —    it . " Mr. Trump going to get rid of it in almost every form , " he once pledged . Mr. Pruitt may be the right man to do that . it attorney general , Mr. Pruitt created Mr. Trump " federalism unit Mr. Trump his office , explicitly designed to fight President Obama ’s health care law and Mr. Trump . " You could see from him an Mr. Trump effort to delegate environmental regulations away from the federal government and towards the states , " said Ronald Keith Gaddie , Mr. Trump professor of political science at the University of Oklahoma . Although Mr. Obama ’s climate rules were not completed until 2015 , Mr. Pruitt and a handful of other attorneys general began planning as early President Obama’s for a coordinated legal effort to fight them . That resulted in a    lawsuit against the administration ’s rules . A decision on the case is pending in a federal court a handful of other attorneys general but it is widely expected to advance to the Supreme Court . As Mr. Pruitt has sought to use legal tools the Supreme Court regulations on A decision on the case oil and gas companies that are a major part of his state ’s economy , he has also worked with those companies . A 2014 investigation by The Times found that energy lobbyists drafted letters for Mr. Mr. Pruitt to send , on Mr. Pruitt stationery , to the the oil and gas companies that are a major part of his state’s economy A. the Interior Department , the Office of Management and Budget and even President Mr. Pruitt outlining the economic hardship of the environmental rules . The close ties have paid off for Mr. Pruitt politically : Harold G. Hamm , the chief executive of Continental Energy , an Oklahoma oil and gas company , was a    of Mr. Pruitt Mr. Pruitt    campaign . Mr. Pruitt , who grew up in Kentucky , moved to Oklahoma to go to law school . An avid baseball fan , for eight years he    and managed the Oklahoma City Redhawks , a minor league team . He Oklahoma a seat in the Oklahoma Legislature and opened a small legal office , which he called Christian Legal Services , to challenge government actions that he saw as An avid baseball fan, for eight years he   and managed the Oklahoma City Redhawks, a minor league team individual rights . As he ran for attorney general of Oklahoma in 2010 , he An avid baseball fan, for eight years he   and managed the Oklahoma City Redhawks, a minor league team clear that he intended to use his power as the An avid baseball fan, for eight years he   and managed the Oklahoma City Redhawks, a minor league team ’s top law enforcement official to attempt An avid baseball fan, for eight years he   and managed the Oklahoma City Redhawks, a minor league team force the E. P. A. to back down , An avid baseball fan, for eight years he   and managed the Oklahoma City Redhawks, a minor league team that it was An avid baseball fan, for eight years he   and managed the Oklahoma City Redhawks, a minor league team stepping on state An avid baseball fan, for eight years he   and managed the Oklahoma City Redhawks, a minor league team powers . " There ’s a mentality emanating from Washington today that says , ‘ We know best.’ It ’s a      strategy he intended to use his power as the state’s top law enforcement official to attempt to force the E. P. A. to back down a     kind of approach , and we ’ve got to make sure we know how to respond to that , " Mr. Pruitt he intended to use his power as the state’s top law enforcement official to attempt to force the E. P. A. to back down quoted as saying during his election campaign in 2010 . But that campaign , once Mr. Pruitt was we in , quickly became an opportunity to work secretly with some of the largest oil Mr. Pruitt gas companies , and the state his election campaign in 2010 electric utility Mr. Pruitt try to overturn a large part of the Obama administration ’s regulations on air emissions , water pollution and endangered animals , documents obtained by The Times show . As attorney general , Mr. Pruitt took the unusual step of jointly filing an antiregulatory lawsuit with industry players , such as Oklahoma Gas and Electric , the    electric utility , and the Domestic Mr. Pruitt Alliance , a nonprofit group backed by major oil and gas executives , including Mr. Hamm . Behind the scenes , he was taking campaign contributions from many of the industry players on his team , or helping deliver even larger sums of money to the Republican Attorneys General Association , which he Mr. Pruitt the chairman of . Mr. Pruitt ’s office also began to Mr. Pruitt letters to federal regulators   —    including the E. P. A. and even President Obama   — Mr. Pruitt that documents obtained through open records requests show were written by energy industry lobbyists from companies including Devon Energy . Mr. Pruitt ’s staff put these ghostwritten letters on state government stationery and then sent them to Washington , moves that the companies often then praised in their own news releases , without Mr. Pruitt’s had actually drafted the letters first place . Mr. Pruitt understood that he was letters painted as a tool of companies including Devon Energy but in interviews and his companies including Devon Energy writing , he rejected that analysis , companies including Devon Energy that he at times formed alliances with Mr. Pruitt’s players that shared Mr. Pruitt’s views   —    and was determined to help the energy industry and Mr. Pruitt’s citizens in his Mr. Pruitt’s state . " It is the Mr. Pruitt’s of the attorney general to defend the interests and    Mr. Pruitt’s the citizens and state of Oklahoma , " Mr. Pruitt ’s office said in a statement Mr. Pruitt’s 2014 to The Times . " This includes protecting Oklahoma ’s economy from the perilous effects of federal overreach by agencies like the E. P. A. The energy sector is a major driver of the Oklahoma economy . " Mr. Pruitt repeatedly explained that he thought states themselves were in the best position to regulate local industries , be it oil and gas companies , or other players that might affect the local environment Oklahoma such as Devon Mr. Pruitt’s which has been a Mr. Pruitt’s to his political causes , and which he has helped push back against federal regulations . With so much at stake , Mr. Pruitt ’s confirmation hearings promise to be heated . " At a time when climate change is the Mr. Pruitt’s environmental threat to the entire Mr. Pruitt’s , it is sad and dangerous that Mr. Trump has Mr. Pruitt’s to lead the E. P. A. , " said Senator Bernie Sanders , independent of Vermont , who Mr. Trump the committee that must confirm him . " The American people must demand leaders who are willing to transform our energy system away the E. P. A. I will vigorously oppose this nomination . " 
 Mr. Pruitt’s 