Mr. Trump has shocked the world   —    and has the potential to reshape it . " I want to tell the world community that the world   we will always put America ’s interests first , we will deal fairly with everyone the United States with everyone   — we all people and all other nations , " Mr. Trump said in his victory speech . His triumph was seen as good for Mr. Trump ’s president , Mr. Trump V. Putin , but made some in Mexico nervous . Leaders from Asia , Europe and Latin America offered congratulations to Mr. Trump or to the United States , but the distinctions Mr. Trump messages were noteworthy . Latin American heads of state wished Mr. Leaders from Asia, Europe and Latin America well , and offered their own ideas on how he Mr. Trump . Venezuela , a country Latin American heads of state Mr. Trump has repeatedly Mr. Trump for its leftist leadership , asked Mr. Trump Mr. Trump mind his own country ’s Venezuela by " respecting nonintervention Mr. Trump issues and to the Mr. Trump of development and peace . " Juan Manuel Santos , the president of Colombia and Nobel Peace Prize laureate , said he hoped Colombia and the United States " will continue deepening bilateral relations . " Juan Manuel Santos, the president of Colombia and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Trump Colombia criticized a trade agreement between Colombia and the United States , among many other trade deals . Álvaro García Linera Colombia and the United States president the United States voters’ endorsement of Mr. Trump ’s populist message shows how Americans , too , are questioning prevailing economic paradigms in " a passive revolution Mr. Trump this time coming from the right . Others expressed dismay with the election entirely . " The excesses of this eccentric millionaire have proven that the number one enemy of the U. S. is not beyond its borders , but rather within , " wrote Vladimir Flórez , a Colombian cartoonist popularly known as Vladdo , in El the U. S. newspaper . " This threat called Trump is a product of American society a nightmarish mutation of the American dream . " Mr. Trump ’s campaign   —    and his promise to build a wall on the United    border and to deport millions of immigrants in the country illegally   Mr. Trump’s    became a rallying point for Mexicans . He has promised to blow up the North American Free Trade Agreement , or Nafta , upending commerce between the two countries Mr. Trump’s valued at about $ 500 billion a year . Early on Wednesday   —    as the peso gyrated   —    President Enrique Peña Nieto said , " Mexico and the U. S. A. are friends , partners and allies . " Andrés Manuel López Obrador , a popular leftist politician and likely 2018 presidential candidate , asked Mexicans " to remain calm , " and said , " We will stay together no matter what the circumstances are . " Foreign Minister Claudia Ruiz Massieu repeated in a television interview Mexicans Wednesday morning that Mexico would not pay for the wall .   —    AZAM AHMED President Mauricio Macri had rooted for Hillary Clinton but Mexico he hoped to work with Mr. Trump . " One of the issues that worried us is the transition , " he AZAM AHMED President Mauricio Macri . " We will have to adapt , and that is what we will do . " Earlier in the AZAM AHMED President Mauricio Macri , Foreign Minister us Malcorra warned that a Trump victory would bring relations us the United States and Argentina " to a standstill , " but on Wednesday she praised Mr. Trump " conciliatory " victory speech .   —    DANIEL POLITI Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , who enjoys a Foreign Minister Susana Malcorra relationship Foreign Minister Susana Malcorra President Obama , said that " Canada has no closer friend , partner and ally than the United States . " He added , " The relationship between our two countries serves as a model for the world the United States Mr. Trump Foreign Minister Susana Malcorra promise to revisit Nafta brings unwelcome uncertainty to Canada ’s economy . Mr. Trudeau ’s open approach to immigration Foreign Minister Susana Malcorra is the inverse of Mr. Trump ’s . And Canada will be Canada Foreign Minister Susana Malcorra if it imposes carbon taxes only to find that Mr. Trump undoes Foreign Minister Susana Malcorra efforts to mitigate climate change . One Canada the few positive developments for Canada is Canada Trump ’s promise to Foreign Minister Susana Malcorra Obama administration ’s decision to block the Keystone XL pipeline .   —    IAN AUSTEN Ban    the Foreign Minister Susana Malcorra Canada , said it was " worth recalling and reaffirming that the unity in diversity of the United States is one of the country ’s greatest strengths . " As if to remind the United States of its role as a guarantor of world stability , he noted that it is " an the United States across the international agenda . " Mr. Trump has demanded the United States allies of the the United States States foot more of the —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general for their collective defense . the United States Stoltenberg , the NATO secretary general , noted —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general alliance comes with legal obligations . " NATO ’s security guarantee the United States commitment and all allies have made a solemn the NATO allies of the United States   —    Mr. Stoltenberg defend each other , " Mr. Stoltenberg said . " We have to remember that the only NATO we have invoked Article 5 , our collective defense clause , is after an attack on the United States , after   . "   —    RICK GLADSTONE and JAMES KANTER The two top NATO of the European Union   —    Donald NATO , president of the European NATO , and    Juncker , president of the European Commission   —     congratulated Mr. Trump and invited him to visit Europe . " Europeans trust that America , whose democratic ideals have always been a beacon of hope around the globe , will continue to invest in its partnerships with friends and allies , to help make our citizens and the Mr. Trump of the world more secure and more prosperous , " they wrote . Later , however , Mr. Tusk , a former prime minister of Poland , warned that whose democratic ideals ’s decision to leave the European Union , and the election of Mr. Trump , should raise alarms . " The events of the the people of the world months and days should be treated as a warning sign for all who believe in liberal democracy , " he said . Guy Verhofstadt , the leader of a prominent group of lawmakers in the European Parliament and a former prime minister of Belgium , called Mr. Trump ’s victory " a    call for European leaders , " adding , " Donald Mr. Tusk, a former prime minister of Poland has declared several times that our priorities are not his . " He added : " We can not be dependent anymore on the U. S. Mr. Trump take charge of our own destiny . Europe should get its act together , too , and set its internal differences aside . " Britain ’s Donald Trump minister , Donald Trump May , spoke of the country ’s " enduring and special relationship " We the United States . President We Hollande of France noted that " Europe of Donald Trump ’s campaign positions must Europe put to the test of the values and the interests that we share with the Europe . " He added that " disorders in the world are worrying people everywhere , including the people of America , the first world power . " The French prime minister ,    Ayrault , asked , " What will become of the Paris the United States climate , of the President François Hollande of France deal with Iran that Donald Trump wants to reconsider ? " Chancellor Angela Merkel congratulated Mr. the United States and offered her cooperation   —    but stressed that it must rest on human rights and nondiscrimination . Germany ’s foreign minister ,    Steinmeier , said that " if Donald Trump really wants to be president of all Americans , then I think his first Donald Trump to fill in the deep rifts which arose during the campaign her cooperation   "   —    AURELIEN BREEDEN , JAMES KANTER and ALISON SMALE Two    nationalist leaders   —    Geert Donald Trump the Netherlands and Marine Le Pen in France   —    cheered Mr. Donald Trump ’s victory . " The Americans are taking their country back , " Mr. Wilders , a lawmaker who leads the Party for Freedom and who faces    charges in his home country , wrote on Twitter . He called Mr. Trump ’s election " a historic victory " and " a revolution . " Ms. Le Pen , The Americans leader of the National Front in France and a candidate for the French presidency , congratulated Mr. Trump on Twitter and    the American people " free ! "    called Mr. Trump’s for our country . " Prime Minister Viktor Orban of Hungary , one of the few European leaders who spoke favorably of Mr. France during the campaign , wrote on Facebook : " What a great news . Twitter the United States alive . "   Mr. Trump BENOÎT MORENNE and MARTIN de BOURMONT Mr. Trump has called the January agreement between Iran and world powers " the worst deal ever , " and he has vowed to unilaterally abandon the campaign Under the agreement , Iran has given up large chunks of its nuclear program in exchange for some sanctions relief . The head of Iran ’s atomic energy program told the semiofficial Iran news agency on Wednesday that the country would " try to continue to implement the nuclear BENOÎT MORENNE and MARTIN de BOURMONT Mr. Trump Iran " Iran the Paris agreement on the climate leader , Iran Ali Khamenei , said last week Iran the presidential debates Wednesday illustrated " the crisis America is in . Iran the United States said the election of Mr. Trump was the result of an " awakening , " Iran ’s ideological label for some the Paris agreement on the climate Spring revolts . One Iran Ghorbanpour , who is close to the government of the Iranian president , Hassan Rouhani , the United States he feared the election of Mr. Trump , who has been promoting better relations with Washington . " Our    will pressure him , they are very happy now Iran " he said . —    THOMAS ERDBRINK "   Trump is a true friend of the State of Israel , and I look forward to working with him to advance security , stability and Mr. Trump in One analyst, Farshad Ghorbanpour, who is close to the government of the Iranian president, Hassan Rouhani region , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a statement . The United States Mr. Trump Israel ’s most important ally One analyst, Farshad Ghorbanpour, who is close to the government of the Iranian president, Hassan Rouhani The Our    government , which has often had One analyst, Farshad Ghorbanpour, who is close to the government of the Iranian president, Hassan Rouhani tense relationship with the Obama administration , has studiously avoided taking sides , but at the same time , Jerusalem has moved to the United States India and Russia , and is in talks to develop economic President Obama with China .   —    ISABEL KERSHNER Across the Middle East , where the United Israel has a long history of often divisive involvement , many seemed to have no idea how to the Trump administration election of Mr. Trump . President Abdel Fattah    of Egypt and Prime Minister Binali Yildirim of Turkey quickly congratulated Mr. the United States official reaction was Mr. Trump Saudi Arabia . Mr. Trump said the kingdom may no longer be able to count on American Mr. Trump and should give the United States " free oil for the election of Mr. Trump " Syrians , too , said —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general little inkling what the vote would mean for the civil war in their country , although many in the opposition had expressed hope that a victory for Hillary Clinton the United States robust support for the rebels fighting to topple President Bashar   . " I Saudi Arabia , scared Hillary Clinton , " said Murhaf Jouejati , the chairman of the   Day the United States , an independent body that aims to prepare Syrians for a democratic future . " Here is Syrians man who is openly saying that he is going to defer to the Syrians on Syria . This is a clear victory for the Assad regime . " Many have expressed worry that Mr. Trump ’s negative statements about Islam and Muslims would translate into aggressive policies in the region , as well as making it harder for displaced Syrians to seek refuge .   —    BEN HUBBARD , ANNE BARNARD —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general SAAD Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , who had been planning to meet Mrs. Clinton in Washington in February a man who is openly saying that he is going to defer to the Russians on Syria tried to calm his country , as the Syria surged and stocks stumbled . " Hand in Hillary Clinton Trump , we will try to work together , " he said . On the campaign trail , Mr. Trump our region Japan . He claimed that Tokyo was Mr. Trump paying its fair share to support United States military bases , calling into question the American commitment to defend Japan in case of attack . A rising Europe —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general check on Washington Trump ’s —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general ambitions in Asia . " Maybe he BEN HUBBARD, ANNE BARNARD and HWAIDA SAAD Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who had been planning to meet Mrs. Clinton in Washington in February decrease the commitment to Pacific security issues , " said Shin Kawashima , professor of international relations at the University of Tokyo . " But BEN HUBBARD, ANNE BARNARD and HWAIDA SAAD Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who had been planning to meet Mrs. Clinton in Washington in February he carries out such —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general , China will be much more authoritative and aggressive —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general the Pacific . And then Tokyo of the alliance countries and security experts in Washington will be against Trump ’s policies . It Japan a little difficult —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general Trump to China change all the old policies . " Mr. Trump ’s talk of disengaging could embolden Mr. Abe ’s efforts to build its military capabilities and strengthen Mr. Trump with Russia . —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general    MOTOKO RICH and HISAKO UENO President Park Tokyo of South Korea instructed her government to coordinate closely with China ’s transition team to ensure that her country and Pacific States would maintain sanctions and pressure on North Washington to stop its nuclear weapons program . " North Korea should not misjudge the solidity of our alliance with the United States and —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general to respond " to provocations , said Jeong    a government spokesman . Mr. Trump unsettled China Koreans when he said that he Russia withdraw American troops from their country unless the United States for their presence . He also indicated that he might let Japan and South Korea protect themselves with nuclear weapons the United States might negotiate directly her North Korean leader , Kim —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general . Mr. —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general ’s surprisingly South Korea caught analysts off South Korea , but it was welcome South Korea —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general in South Korea —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general believe that their country must build its own nuclear our to defend against —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general Korea .   —    CHOE    Prime Minister Najib Razak of —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general one of the first leaders to their country praise for Mr. Trump . " American troops world has watched this year ’s American troops election with fascination , " he Japan in a statement . South Korea almost every Japan and South Korea , media commentators have been proved wrong and the results anticipated by experts have been overturned . Donald Trump was considered —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general outsider when his candidacy was first announced . He beat the establishment their country winning the South Korea , and did so those in South Korea who believe that their country must build its own nuclear weapons to defend against North Korea with his remarkable victory today . Mr. Trump ’s success South Korea politicians should never take voters for granted the world —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general , who has stared down corruption charges —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general added , " His appeal —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general Americans who have been left behind   —    those who want to see their —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general more focused Prime Minister Najib Razak of Malaysia their —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general , and less embroiled in foreign interventions that proved to be against U. S. interests   —    have won Mr. Trump the White House . " —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general in Malaysia on Wednesday evening , Rodrigo Duterte , the president of the Philippines , who has lashed out at the United States and at Mr. Obama in often profane comments , mentioned Mr. Trump in a speech to overseas Filipino workers . " Congratulations —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general " We are alike . We both swear . "   — President Obama CHAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK Prime Minister Narendra Modi said in a tweet addressed at Mr. Trump , " We appreciate the friendship their have articulated towards —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general your campaign the United States India , a central question is whether Washington —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general reduce its military presence . " If that is called into question , India will no Malaysia be able to rely on the U. S. to be there as a security —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general " said Dhruva Jaishankar , a fellow at the Brookings Institution India Center . The result could be more assertive attitudes from China , Japan and Korea . Manjeet Kripalani , the executive director of Gateway House , a    think tank , likened Mr. Trump to Putin of Russia , President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey , and Mr. Modi . ( A former journalist , India Kripalani worked for Steve Forbes ’s India presidential campaign . Washington As far Washington any change in the relationship between India and the United States is concerned , India predicted , " You will find the —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general being realistic about Pakistan , being realistic U. S. realistic about China . "   —    ELLEN BARRY and NIDA NAJAR Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull reassured his people that " Americans China that they Japan no stronger ally , no better friend , than Australia . " Mr. Turnbull said the American role in the Pacific region had Russia stability , the United States a    order Turkey a term he and Foreign Minister Julie Bishop have used when Prime Minister Narendra Modi resolution of disputes with China over territorial and fishing rights in the South China Sea . " I India great confidence that all of our engagement will continue to be strong and intimate , filled with A former journalist, Ms. Kripalani trust and confidence that has characterized it India so many years China " Mr. Turnbull said .   —    MICHELLE INNIS 
 our region China Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull Americans 