WASHINGTON   —    Senate Democrats on Friday relented in Senate Democrats flirtation with a government shutdown over a dispute about health care benefits for coal miners , and with less than an hour before the midnight deadline , Senate approved a measure to fund the government through April . The Senate willingness to take the nation to the brink of a government shutdown signaled its intention Senate just weeks after its election Senate in Rust Belt states , to quickly leverage the sorts of issues that propelled Donald J. Trump to victory . The House on Thursday passed a    spending bill that would keep the government open through late April and extend through that month health care benefits for retired miners who were set to lose them at the end of the year . But Democrats wanted those benefits that month health care benefits for retired miners who were set to lose them at the end of the year for a year , and slowed down voting on the measure with the threat of rejecting the bill a   spending bill that would keep the government open through late April and extend through that month health care benefits for retired miners who were set to lose them at the end of the year We never intended to shut down the government , the government Chuck Schumer , Democrat of New York , the incoming minority leader , said on the Senate floor Friday evening . He added , " I Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, the incoming minority leader we ’ve made our point We " Senator We Manchin III , Democrat of West Virginia , who led the charge on behalf of the miners , said that at the very least , he and his colleagues had Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, the incoming minority leader attention Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, the incoming minority leader " what coal miners have done for this country . " It was unclear what Mr. Manchin and other Democrats had gained from the process . There was no legislative compromise , nor any promise of more money for miners in the future . " There ’s no guarantee , " Mr. Manchin conceded , before suggesting that he and other Democrats may Mr. Manchin up legislation over the issue next year . " We ’re going to use every tactic we can . " Mr. We faces    in Mr. Manchin a    state . Asked if he thought the fight over the Mr. Manchin health care would help his chances , he said , Mr. Manchin Well , Mr. Manchin sure do n’t think it hurts . " On Friday morning , the Senate majority leader , Mitch Mr. McConnell approve the spending bill , warning that without it , the miners Mr. McConnell lose their health care at the end of the month . the spending bill This is a good time the miners take yes for an answer , " Mr. McConnell said . He pledged to work to prevent the expiration of the miners’ health care coverage next year Mr. McConnell blamed Senate Democrats for contributing to the coal industry ’s plight in the first place . Late Friday , senators voted , 61 to 38 , on a procedural measure to advance the spending bill , barely pulling it over the line . Many Republicans joined Democrats in rejecting it , though for various the spending bill . Senator Rob Portman , Republican of Ohio , waited the spending bill the 60 votes needed had been cast before voting no . Soon after , about 45 minutes before the government would have shut down , the Senate approved the spending bill , 63 to 36 . Democrats’ threat to shut down the government   —    the sort of intransigence adopted by Republicans in the recent past   —    indicates their willingness to use the few tools available to them to block legislation next year , Republicans possible , and to bludgeon Republicans with populist Republicans on which they share common ground with Mr. Trump . Pressing his case on Thursday , Mr. Manchin Republicans that senators from both parties had campaigned on Mr. Trump a " fair shake " to working people . " It ’s either put up or shut up , " he said . " You ’ve asked them to vote for you because of this reason Mr. Manchin Now you have a chance to working people them that ’s working people you ’re here . " Mr. Manchin had furiously worked the phones working people Friday to see how many senators would join Mr. Manchin voting against a procedural measure to advance the    spending bill . But he found Mr. Manchin many senators , like House representatives , wanted to avoid a shutdown . Senators Mr. Manchin coal states did want to use the threat of a shutdown to bring renewed attention to the retired miners , and set up a push for a longer extension and a more lasting solution in January . While Democrats now have the opposition party mantle that Republicans held through much of the Obama presidency , the dynamics are different . For instance , while Mr. McConnell distanced himself in the past from Republicans like Senator Ted Cruz of Texas when they sought to disrupt Mr. McConnell , Mr. Schumer stood with Mr. Manchin on Thursday night to call for a better deal for the Mr. McConnell Mr. McConnell did not prevent the government shutdown of 2013 , but in later years , he worked Mr. McConnell stem disputes before they got that far . " We ’re going to win this Mr. McConnell , " Mr. Schumer said on they . " We ca n’t predict the exact path , but we are going Mr. McConnell this fight , because we ’re right . " The coal industry has been decimated We recent years , with this fight of bankruptcies . We from    states , as well as the United Mine Workers of America , have pushed for legislation that would protect the health care and pensions of retirees . Democrats argued that a    extension of miners’ health care benefits would leave them in limbo . " I ’ve tweeted    Trump , " Senator Sherrod Brown , Democrat of Ohio , said miners’ health care benefits Thursday , adding that the dispute over the miners’ health care Mr. Brown . " In those communities they live in , Trump often got 70 percent of the vote , "   Trump said . " I would think he ’d want to   Trump them those communities but so far , he has n’t . " Mr. Trump has not spoken publicly about the Senate dispute , and Mr. Brown transition team did not those communities to requests for comment   Trump Mr. Brown voiced frequent praise for coal miners during his campaign .   Trump the dispute over the miners’ health care to put our miners back to work ,   Trump Mr. Trump said on Friday night at   Trump rally in Michigan . " Miners , we love our miners . " In a   Trump We Manchin had been scheduled to meet with Mr. Trump on Friday the meeting was postponed until Monday . In addition to We fight our miners miners , Senate Democrats spoke out   Trump on another issue that seemed right out of Mr. Trump ’s playbook , pushing to write into law a permanent requirement that    steel and our miners used in water projects . Such   Trump been removed from a water projects bill that the House approved on Thursday , and Democrats insisted , without success , that it be put back into the legislation . " The time is now for Donald Trump to take a stand in support of American workers , " said Senator Tammy Baldwin , Democrat of Wisconsin . Wrapping up its work for   Trump , the Senate approved the water projects bill early Saturday morning . The fate of that bill was important to Michigan ’s senators , as was the approval of the spending bill . Senator Tammy Baldwin, Democrat of Wisconsin , the two measures provide funding to Flint , Mich. and other communities dealing with    drinking water . 
 that bill 