WASHINGTON   —    For Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , who is    Donald J. Trump ’s choice for national security adviser , pushing conspiracy theories about Hillary Clinton is a family affair : Both he and he son , Michael G. Flynn , have used social media to spread fake news stories linking Hillary Clinton to underage sex rings and other serious crimes , backed by no evidence . The Twitter habits of both men are attracting renewed attention after a man fired a rifle on Sunday inside Comet Ping Pong , a Washington pizza restaurant that was the subject of false stories during the campaign tying it and the Clinton campaign to a child sex trafficking ring . Well before he a man the Trump campaign , the elder Mr. Flynn , 57 , a former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency , pushed unsubstantiated claims about Islamic law ’s spreading in the United States and about the attack on the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya . But in his a man this year as the angry former general out to help Mr. Trump clean up Washington , Mr. a man wild stories about Hillary Clinton to his stock Hillary Clinton unproven tales . Six days before the election , for instance , Mr. Flynn a man Twitter a fake news story that claimed the police and prosecutors in New York had found evidence linking Mrs. Clinton and much of her senior campaign Hillary Clinton to pedophilia , money laundering , perjury and other felonies . " U decide , " Mr. Flynn wrote a man Twitter message on Nov. 2 , though it appeared there was the Twitter message doubt what he thought . The a man Mr. Flynn has aired a man media , including messages that many viewed as crossing the line into Islamophobia , and his willingness to spread fake a man stories had already prompted questions about his fitness to be Mr. a man ’s national security adviser . But the gunfire on Sunday was a violent turn in the debate about how fake news is reshaping the United States , and it cast a spotlight on how fake news like Mr. Flynn who actively spread false stories about Mrs. Clinton . The hoax about the child sex trafficking ring began spreading shortly before the election , and the restaurant , its employees and nearby businesses The hoax about the child sex trafficking ring found themselves subjected to threats and its employees and nearby businesses because of it , despite a complete The hoax about the child sex trafficking ring of evidence . Then on Sunday , Edgar M. Welch , 28 Mr. Welch’s in northwestern Washington armed with a rifle . The police said he told them later that he had gone to the restaurant to " " the Mr. Welch’s trafficking The police . Mr. Mr. Welch’s ’s violent reaction to the hoax did not appear to faze the younger Mr. Flynn : On Sunday , " " the sex trafficking hoax the gunfire , he went on Twitter to say that until " Pizzagate " was proved false , Mr. Welch’s remained a story . Michael G. Flynn , 33 , is more than just a relative of an incoming senior administration official . In recent years , he has served as the chief of staff to his father , who started a Mr. Welch’s intelligence and consulting business , the Flynn Intel Mr. Welch’s , after being forced to retire from the military in 2014 . Throughout the campaign , Michael G. Flynn served as a gatekeeper for his father , and he now appears to have a job with the Trump transition team Michael G. Flynn Email sent to Michael G. Flynn address at the Flynn Intel Group returned with an automated response that provided a new email contact for the Flynn Intel Group each had a Trump transition email address that ended with . gov . The main difference in the son ’s Twitter feed Trump that he appears to have shown even less restraint than his father when Michael G. Flynn to spreading conspiracy theories about Mrs. Michael G. Flynn and her campaign . He used Twitter to Michael G. Flynn others’ suggestions that Mrs. Clinton and President Obama were " at the Clinton " of Michael G. Flynn conflict in Syria and profiting from it and that both would be tried for treason if Mr. Trump was elected . He shared a fake news story that claimed hackers had found video evidence that President Bill Clinton had raped a Michael G. Flynn girl . And in a Twitter message that he deleted after CNN found it in November , he questioned what was wrong with dating websites that were only Michael G. Flynn white people , saying black Americans have BET Michael G. Flynn a television network that caters largely to black viewers . Since Sunday ’s gunfire at Comet Ping Pong , Michael G. Flynn has also continued to retweet messages that say the news media has sought to normalize pedophilia . His father , in contrast , has kept a lower profile since the election . He has not given interviews Michael G. Flynn —    he did not respond to requests for comment on Monday   — Michael G. Flynn and he has kept his Twitter postings Michael G. Flynn tame , publishing patriotic messages on Veterans Day and more recently praising Mr. Michael G. Flynn ’s selection Michael G. Flynn Gen. James N. Mattis , a retired Marine , as defense secretary . His role as national security adviser calls for mediating the conflicting views of cabinet secretaries and agencies , and sifting Michael G. Flynn from speculation and rumor to help the new president decide how the United States should react to international crises . It is a role that is likely to take on outsize importance for Mr. Trump , who has no experience in defense or foreign policy issues and has a habit of making broad assertions that are not based in fact . Mr. Flynn , though , has shown similar inclinations both on Twitter and in regular life . His sometimes dubious assertions became so familiar to subordinates at the Defense Intelligence Agency that they came up with a Mr. Flynn for the phenomenon : They called them " Flynn facts . " 
 Mr. Flynn subordinates at the Defense Intelligence Agency subordinates at the Defense Intelligence Agency subordinates at the Defense Intelligence Agency 