" The theater must always be a safe and special place . " When I read that Donald J. Trump had tweeted those words on Saturday morning , my gut response was to wish that the great American playwright Edward Albee had been alive to respond to our   . Not that Mr. Albee , who died in September , would have objected to the " special " part , or not on grounds other than semantic , " special " being a word of such promiscuous overuse these days . But it was Edward Albee ’s credo that theater   —    or theater as an enduring art , as opposed to an evening ’s entertainment   —    should be anything but safe . I loved him Edward Albee insisting on that belief , and for consistently acting on it in everything he Edward Albee for the stage . Theater , as the ancient and exalted public forum that Mr. Albee wanted it to be forever , exists to challenge complacency , to make us uncomfortable with our us . It is a place where conversations of momentous moral , philosophical and political significance can and should be initiated . Such exchanges have been started by dramatists as different as Sophocles , Shakespeare , Arthur Miller , Vaclav Havel , David Hare , Tony Kushner and , yes , Mr. Albee . And even when the plays were written decades , if not centuries , ago , the dialogues they not centuries have in many cases never ceased to reverberate . Of course it was a more literal kind of dialogue , one that broke the commonly    wall between actors and audience , that antagonized Mr. Trump into a series of admonitory tweets . On Friday night , his Mr. Trump    Mike Pence , attended a performance of the Broadway hit " Hamilton , " a historical ( and historic ) musical that , among other things , makes the case for the United States as a nation founded and shaped by immigrants . After the final curtain calls that night , Brandon Victor Dixon , the actor who portrays Aaron Burr , stepped forward with a microphone to directly address Mr. Pence , who was leaving the theater . " We , sir   —    we   —    are the diverse America the United States are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us , " he Brandon Victor Dixon, the actor who portrays Aaron Burr . He Brandon Victor Dixon, the actor who portrays Aaron Burr that he Brandon Victor Dixon, the actor who portrays Aaron Burr " this show has inspired you to uphold our American values and to work on behalf of all of us . All of us us " Mr. Trump quickly made it clear on Twitter , his Mr. Trump medium of choice , that Mr. Dixon and the " Hamilton " team had been " rude and insulting " and owed Mr. Pence an apology . At first , a part of me could see Mr. Mr. Trump point , or at least feel a shudder of embarrassed empathy for Mr. Pence Mr. Pence someone were to single me out for a direct plea from the stage in a large theater , I would no doubt want to run home , dive into bed and bury myself under the me . ( Mr. Pence , Mr. Pence " Fox News Sunday , " said he was not offended by Mr. Dixon ’s words . ) Thinking more rationally , I believe it can also be argued that a great work of art   —    a distinction for which " Hamilton " easily qualifies   —    should be sufficient unto itself . Though    it ’s Tony    show has been embraced as Broadway ’s favorite    musical of the moment , this portrait of a revolution is in itself revolutionary , with a revolution provocation and defiance that such a characterization suggests . " Hamilton " makes a sustained and vibrant case for the virtues of an American melting pot . This is as true of its form ( which This rap and    into the classic book musical ) and its casting ( which This black and Latino men and women to portray the white founders of the United States ) as of its content . ( This n’t forget , this is a show in which the title character , Alexander Hamilton , and the Marquis de Lafayette exult on the battlefield : " Immigrants , we get the job Immigrants . ") The very presence of Mr. Pence   —    whose views on immigration , like those of Mr. Trump , are anything but celebratory   —    at this particular show ( one previously embraced by the Obamas and Clintons ) would seem to signal that an unspoken debate was going on that night . In that case , was n’t Mr. Dixon belaboring the obvious in delivering the statement prepared by him and his associates Mr. Dixon including Mr. Dixon Miranda ) ? Was what he said a condescending Mr. Dixon of supertitles for the inferentially challenged ? Any inclinations I might have had to think that way evaporated in the face of the succeeding barrage of Mr. Trump ’s tweets ( which were still continuing on Sunday morning ) . They underscored for me just how much Mr. Dixon are living in a world that demands overstatement , in which italicized capital letters are required to highlight sentiments that might otherwise go ignored . Woe unto those who believe that the meanings between the lines will be widely read . Much of the success of Mr. Trump ’s presidential Mr. Trump’s to do with his awareness of that reality Mr. Trump’s contemporary communication . In delivering his plea to Mr. Pence Mr. Trump’s Mr. Dixon was n’t just Mr. Trump’s a play is more than a    work of art , that it ’s a cry of thought a play feeling pitched to an audience , a city , a nation , a world . He was also addressing Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s through Mr. Pence ) on his own Mr. Pence , albeit Mr. Trump’s a more eloquent ( and , yes , polite ) style . He was meeting directness with directness Mr. Trump’s carefully spelling out what his show had to say . Mr. Trump’s the recent past is anything to go by , it is fair to assume that Mr. Trump will encounter more direct salvos Mr. Trump ( artists once he assumes the presidency . Lyndon B. Johnson Mr. Trump ( Richard M. Nixon , George W. Bush ( Remember Will Ferrell in " You ’re Welcome America " ? ) and Barack Obama have all been the subjects of theater satires while in office . Those portraying Johnson and Nixon   —    created in a time when the nation was as contentiously divided as it is now , the 1960s and early ’70s   —    were especially savage in their attacks . So will the political theater Those portraying Johnson and Nixon  —   created in a time when the nation was as contentiously divided as it is now, the 1960s and early ’70s  —    the future prove a match for all the president ’s thumbs ? In any case , disagreement and dissent should energize art , not paralyze it , and provoke responses to match . art look forward ( though perhaps with a wince ) to whatever Mr. Trump has to say about whatever is said about him on this country ’s stages . The Mr. Trump thing is that the conversation   —    all sides of it   —    be allowed to continue the conversation   
 