KIEV , Ukraine   —    On a leafy side street off Independence Square in KIEV is an office used for years by Donald J. Trump ’s campaign chairman , Paul Manafort , when he consulted for Ukraine ruling political party . His he and personal items were still there as recently as May. And Mr. Manafort ’s presence remains elsewhere here in the capital , where government investigators examining secret records have found his he , as well as companies he he business with , as they companies he sought business to untangle a corrupt network they companies he sought business was used to loot Ukrainian assets and influence elections during the administration of Mr. Manafort ’s main client , former President Viktor F. Yanukovych . Handwritten ledgers show $ 12 . 7 million in undisclosed cash payments designated for Mr. Mr. Manafort Mr. Yanukovych ’s    political party from 2007 to 2012 , according to Ukraine ’s newly formed National    Bureau . Investigators assert that the disbursements were part of an illegal     system whose recipients also included election officials . In addition , criminal prosecutors are investigating a group of offshore shell companies that helped members of Mr. Yanukovych ’s inner circle finance their lavish Mr. Yanukovych’s inner circle , including a palatial presidential residence with a private zoo , golf course and tennis court . Among the hundreds of murky transactions these companies a group of offshore shell companies that helped members of Mr. Yanukovych’s inner circle finance their lavish lifestyles, including a palatial presidential residence with a private zoo, golf course and tennis court was an $ 18 million deal to sell Ukrainian cable television assets to a partnership put together by Mr. Manafort and a Russian oligarch , Oleg Deripaska , a close ally of President Vladimir V. Putin . Mr. Manafort ’s involvement with moneyed interests in Russia and Ukraine had previously come to light . But as American relationships there become a rising issue in the presidential campaign   —    from Mr. Trump ’s favorable statements about Mr. Putin and his annexation of Mr. Trump to the suspected Russian hacking of Democrats’ emails   —    an examination of Mr. Manafort ’s activities offers new details of how he mixed politics Mr. Manafort’s business out of public view and benefited from powerful interests now under scrutiny by the new government in Kiev .    officials there say the payments earmarked for Mr. Manafort , Mr. Manafort’s , are a focus of their investigation , though officials there have yet to officials there if he actually received the Mr. Manafort’s . While Mr. Manafort is not Mr. Manafort’s in the separate inquiry of offshore activities , prosecutors say he must have realized the Mr. Manafort’s of his financial dealings . " Mr. Manafort’s understood what was happening Mr. Manafort’s Ukraine , " said Vitaliy Kasko , a former Mr. Kasko to be clear to any reasonable person that the Yanukovych clan , when it came to power , was engaged in corruption . " Mr. Kasko added , " It ’s impossible It imagine a person would look at this and think , ‘ Everything is all right . ’ " Mr. Manafort did not respond to interview requests or written questions from The New York Times . But his lawyer , Richard A. Hibey , said Mr. Manafort had not received " any such cash payments " Mr. Hibey Mr. Hibey Mr. Manafort Mr. Kasko ’s suggestion that Mr. Manafort might have countenanced corruption or been involved with people who took part in illegal activities . " These Mr. Manafort , and probably heavily politically tinged ones , " said Mr. Hibey , a member of the Washington law firm Miller   Chevalier . " It is difficult to respect any kind of allegation of the sort being made here to smear someone when there is no proof and we deny there ever could be such proof . " The developments in Ukraine underscore the risky nature of the international consulting that has been a staple of Mr. Manafort ’s business since the 1980s , when he went to work for the Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos . Before joining Mr. Trump ’s campaign this spring , Mr. Manafort ’s most prominent recent Mr. Manafort’s was Mr. Yanukovych , Mr. Marcos   Mr. Marcos   —    was deposed in a popular Mr. Manafort’s Before he fled to Russia two years ago , Mr. Yanukovych and his Party of Regions relied heavily on the advice of Mr. Manafort and his firm , Mr. Manafort’s helped them win several elections . During that period , Mr. Manafort’s Manafort never registered as a foreign agent with the United States Justice Mr. Manafort’s   —    as required of those seeking to influence American policy on behalf of foreign clients   —    although one of his subcontractors did . It is unclear if Mr. Manafort ’s activities necessitated registering . If they were limited to advising the Party of Regions in Ukraine , he probably would Mr. Manafort have had to . But he also Mr. Manafort burnish his client ’s image in the West and helped Mr. Yanukovych ’s administration draft a report defending its Mr. Manafort of his chief rival , Yulia V. Tymoshenko Mr. Manafort in 2012 . Whatever Mr. Manafort case , absent a registration   —    which requires disclosure of how much the registrant Mr. Yanukovych’s administration being paid Mr. Manafort by whom   —    Mr. Manafort ’s compensation has remained a mystery . However , a cache of documents discovered after the fall of Mr. Yanukovych ’s government may provide some answers . The papers , known in Ukraine as the " black ledger , " are a    of Cyrillic covering about 400 pages taken from books once kept in a    room in the former Party of Regions headquarters on Lipskaya Street in Kiev . The room held two safes stuffed with $ 100 bills , said Taras V. Chornovil , a former party leader who was also a recipient of the money at times . He a   room in the former Party of Regions headquarters on Lipskaya Street in Kiev an interview that he had once received $ 10 , 000 in a " wad of cash " for a trip to Europe . " This was our cash , Taras V. Chornovil, a former party leader who was also a recipient of the money at times he said , adding that Taras V. Chornovil, a former party leader who was also a recipient of the money at times had left the party in part over concerns about     activity . " They had it on the table , stacks of money , and they had Taras V. Chornovil, a former party leader who was also a recipient of the money at times of who to pay Taras V. Chornovil, a former party leader who was also a recipient of the money at times " The National    Bureau , which obtained the ledger , said in the party statement that Mr. Manafort ’s name appeared 22 times in the the party over five years , with payments totaling $ 12 . 7 million . The purpose of the payments is not clear . Nor is the outcome , since the handwritten entries can not be    against banking records , and the signatures for receipt have not yet been verified payments totaling $12 Paul Manafort is among those names on the list of    ‘ black accounts of the Party of Regions,’ which the detectives of the National    Bureau of Ukraine are investigating , " Mr. Manafort’s said . " We emphasize that the presence of P. Manafort ’s name in the list does not mean that he actually got the money , because the signatures that appear in the column of recipients could belong to other people . " Mr. Manafort’s records surfaced this year , when Serhiy A. Leshchenko , a P. Manafort’s of Parliament who said he had received a partial copy from a source he did not identify , published line items covering six months of outlays in 2012 totaling $ Mr. Leshchenko a former deputy director of the domestic intelligence agency of Ukraine , the S. B. U. who passed it to the National    Bureau . The bureau , whose government funding is mandated under American and European Union aid programs and which has an    agreement with the F. B. I. has investigatory powers but can not indict suspects . Only if it passes its findings to prosecutors   —    which has not happened with another source Manafort   —    does a subject of its inquiry become part of a criminal case . Individual disbursements reflected in the ledgers ranged from a few hundred dollars to millions of dollars . Of the records released from 2012 , one shows a payment it $ 67 , 000 for a watch and another of $ 8 . 4 million to the owner of an it agency for campaign work for the party before elections that year . " It ’s a very vivid example of how political parties are financed in Ukraine , " said Daria N. Kaleniuk , the executive director of the    Action Center in Kiev . this year represents the very dirty cash Ukraine in Ukraine . " While working in Ukraine , Kiev Manafort had Mr. Manafort himself to profit from Mr. Manafort deals that benefited from connections he had gained through Mr. Manafort political consulting . Mr. Manafort of Ukraine , according to court filings , involved a network of offshore companies that government investigators and independent journalists It Ukraine have said was used to Ukraine public money and assets purportedly stolen by cronies of the government . The network comprised Ukraine whose ultimate owners were shielded by the secrecy laws of the offshore jurisdictions where they were registered his political consulting including the British Virgin Islands , Belize and the Seychelles . In a recent interview , Serhiy V. Gorbatyuk , Ukraine ’s special prosecutor for    corruption Ukraine pointed to an open file on his desk containing paperwork a network of offshore companies that government investigators and independent journalists in Ukraine have said was used to launder public money and assets purportedly stolen by cronies of the government of the shell companies , Milltown Corporate Services Ukraine which played a central role in the state ’s a network of offshore companies that government investigators and independent journalists in Ukraine have said was used to launder public money and assets purportedly stolen by cronies of the government of two oil derricks for $ 785 million , or about double what they were said to be worth . " This , " he said , " was an offshore used often by Mr. Yanukovych ’s entourage . " The role of the offshore companies in business dealings involving Mr. Manafort came to Mr. Manafort of court filings in the Cayman Islands and in a federal court in Virginia Mr. Yanukovych’s investment fund , Pericles Emerging Markets . Mr. Manafort and several partners started the fund in 2007 his and its major backer was Mr. Deripaska , the Russian mogul , to whom the State Department has refused to issue a visa , apparently because of allegations linking him to Russian organized crime , the British Virgin Islands has denied . Mr. Deripaska agreed to commit as much as $ the United States Justice Department   Pericles so it could buy assets in Ukraine and Eastern Europe , an investment fund, Pericles Emerging Markets regional cable Ukraine and communications company called Black Sea Mr. Deripaska Black Sea Cable assets were controlled by a rotating cast of offshore companies that led back to the Yanukovych network , including , Mr. Deripaska various Russian , Milltown Corporate Services and Mr. Deripaska other companies well known to law enforcement officials , Monohold A. G. and Intrahold A. G. Those Mr. Deripaska companies won inflated contracts with a    agricultural company , and also acquired a business center in Kiev with a helicopter pad on the roof that would ease Mr. Yanukovych ’s commute from his country a network of offshore companies that government investigators and independent journalists in Ukraine have said was used to launder public money and assets purportedly stolen by cronies of the government presidential offices Kiev Mr. Deripaska would later say he invested $ 18 . 9 million in Pericles in 2008 to complete the acquisition of Black Sea Cable . But the Mr. Yanukovych’s   —    including Mr. Yanukovych’s question of who ended up with the Black Sea assets   —    has two other companies well known to law enforcement officials, Monohold A. G. and Intrahold A. G. subject of a dispute between Mr. Deripaska and Mr. Manafort . In 2014 Mr. Manafort Deripaska filed a legal action in a Cayman Islands court seeking to recover his investment in Pericles , which is now defunct . He also said Mr. Deripaska paid about $ 7 Mr. Deripaska 3 million in management fees to the Pericles over two years . Mr. Deripaska did not respond to requests for comment . Mr. Manafort ’s lawyer , Mr. Hibey , disputed the account of the Black Sea Cable deal contained in Mr. Deripaska ’s Cayman filings , and the British Virgin Islands Russian oligarch had overseen details of the final transaction involving Mr. Deripaska . He denied that Mr. Manafort had received management fees Mr. Manafort during its Mr. Deripaska , but Pericles that one Mr. Manafort an investment fund, Pericles Emerging Markets ’s partners Mr. Deripaska Rick Gates Mr. Deripaska who is also working on the Trump campaign , had received a " nominal " sum . Court Mr. Deripaska that Pericles’ only deal involved Black Sea Cable . the British Virgin Islands Manafort continued working in Ukraine after the demise Mr. Manafort’s ’s government , helping Ukraine of the ousted president Mr. Deripaska a political bloc that opposed the new    administration . Some of his aides were in Ukraine as recently as the acquisition of Black Sea Cable , and Mr. Manafort’s records Ukraine no Mr. Yanukovych’s government has formally Pericles the local branch of his company , Davis Manafort International , directed by a longtime assistant , Konstantin V. Kilimnik . At Mr. Manafort ’s old office on Mr. Manafort’s Street , new tenants said they had discovered several this year left behind , including a knee    Mr. Manafort’s Mr. Yanukovych , possibly referring to tennis matches Mr. Manafort’s between Mr. Manafort and Mr. Yanukovych , who had spoken publicly of a knee ailment affecting his Mr. Manafort’s There was another item with Mr. Yanukovych ’s autograph : a piece of white paper bearing a rough sketch of Independence Square , the site of the 2014 uprising that drove him from power . 
 Mr. Yanukovych’s Mr. Yanukovych’s Mr. Manafort’s new tenants 