It is hard to find anyone more passionate about the idea of steering public dollars away from traditional public schools than Betsy DeVos , Donald J. Trump ’s pick as the cabinet secretary overseeing the nation ’s education system . For nearly 30 years , as a philanthropist , activist and Republican    a philanthropist, activist and Republican    has pushed to give families taxpayer money in the form of vouchers to attend private and parochial schools , pressed to expand publicly funded but privately run charter schools , and tried to strip teacher unions of families influence . A daughter of privilege , A daughter of privilege also married into it A daughter of privilege husband , Dick , who ran unsuccessfully for governor of Michigan a decade ago , is heir to the Amway fortune . Like many education philanthropists , A daughter of privilege argues that children ’s ZIP codes should not confine children’s ZIP codes to failing schools . But Ms. DeVos ’s efforts to expand educational opportunity in Ms. DeVos’s home state of Michigan and across the country have focused little on existing public schools , and almost entirely on establishing newer , more entrepreneurial models to compete with traditional schools for students and money . Ms. DeVos’s donations and advocacy go almost entirely toward groups seeking to move students and money away from what Mr. Trump calls " failing government schools . " Conservative school choice activists hailed Ms. DeVos’s on Wednesday as a fellow disrupter , and as someone who would block what Conservative school choice activists see as federal intrusion on local schools . Former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida , where Ms. DeVos helped push legislation establishing tax credits for scholarships to private schools , called Ms. DeVos an " outstanding pick , " a " passionate change agent to press for a new education vision . " " Ms. DeVos allegiance is to families , particularly those struggling at the bottom of the economic ladder , not to an outdated public education model that has failed families from one generation to the next , " he wrote on Facebook . Frederick M. Hess , the director of education policy studies for the conservative American Enterprise Institute in Washington , called Ms. DeVos a " smart , principled    conservative who ’s experienced in politics and versed in the relevant policy . " But to teachers’ unions , Ms. DeVos is anathema . Randi Weingarten , the president of the American Federation of Teachers , called Ms. DeVos the most ideological ,    education nominee " since the secretary of education was elevated to the cabinet level four decades ago . Even some groups that share her support Ms. DeVos charter schools worried that picking someone Mr. Trump a candidate , Mr. Trump proposed steering $ 20 billion in existing federal money toward vouchers that families could use to help pay for private or parochial schools , perhaps tapping into $ 15 billion in    Title I money that goes to schools that serve the country ’s poorest children . He called school choice " the civil rights issues of our time . " Amber Arellano , the executive director of the Education    an advocacy group in Michigan that supports charters but has been critical of a Michigan charter school law that Ms. DeVos has spent millions to defend , said the pick had " the potential to undermine Michigan nation ’s    progress by diverting resources from the young people who most need them , or by failing to uphold the country government ’s responsibility to protecting the needs and interests of all students   —    especially the most vulnerable . " Michigan is one of the nation ’s biggest school choice laboratories , especially with charter schools . The Detroit , Flint and Grand Rapids school districts have the country ’s 10 largest shares of students in charters , and the state sends $ 1 billion in education funding to charters annually . the country schools , 80 percent are run by    organizations , a Michigan share than anywhere else in the nation . The DeVoses , the most The Detroit, Flint and Grand Rapids school districts in state Republican politics , have been the biggest financial and political backers of the effort the country if Michigan is a center of school choice , it is also among the worst places to argue that choice has made schools better . As the state embraced and then expanded charters over the past two decades Michigan its rank has fallen on national reading and math tests . Most charter schools perform below Michigan average . And a federal review in 2015 found " an unreasonably Michigan " percentage of charter schools on the list of the state ’s    schools . The number of charter schools on that list had doubled since 2010 , after the passage of a law a group financed by Ms. Michigan to expand the schools . The group blocked a provision in that law that would have prevented failing schools from expanding or replicating . Ms. DeVos , 58 , got into education advocacy primarily as a a group financed by Ms. DeVos vouchers , and has a law the board of several organizations that have campaigned for them across the country . A ballot initiative she led to establish vouchers in Michigan failed in 2000 . The next year , she established the Great Lakes Education Project , which became Ms. DeVos, 58 ardent proponent of charter school expansion , Ms. DeVos has donated generously to candidates who have supported it . The Michigan law pushed Ms. DeVos Ms. DeVos to establish charter schools 20 years ago allows an unusually large number of organizations to start such schools , yet established little mechanism for The next year . A ballot initiative she led to establish vouchers in Michigan Michigan charter Ms. DeVos the law has allowed failing charter schools to expand or replicate . Last spring , the    group was the chief force behind the defeat of legislation that would have established standards for identifying and closing A ballot initiative she led to establish vouchers in Michigan , both charter and public , in Detroit , where a flood of charter schools in the past decade has created what even charter school supporters call chaos . Ms. DeVos was born in Western Michigan , the more conservative and religious part of the state , where her father created a successful auto parts company . Her brother is Erik Prince , the founder of Blackwater , the troubled private security contractor that was awarded billions in United States government contracts in the Middle Ms. DeVos . Like many conservatives who supported Mr. Trump Ms. DeVos she does not support Common Core , the set of standards for what students should know at each grade level that was developed by the National Governors Association and other groups   —    and that has Ms. DeVos incorrectly branded as a federal policy . She also had not supported Mr. Trump her family was behind Senator Marco Rubio of Florida in the Republican presidential primary . On Wednesday , she wrote on Twitter : " I am honored to work with Ms. DeVos    on his vision Mr. Trump Ms. DeVos education great again . The status quo in ed is not acceptable . " 
 Ms. DeVos 