PEARL HARBOR , Hawaii   —      years after Imperial Japanese warplanes destroyed the Pacific fleet here and drew the United States into World War II , Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan on Tuesday stood next to President Obama at the site of the attack and offered repentance but did not apologize . " I offer my sincere and everlasting condolences to the souls of those who lost their lives here , as well as to the spirits of all the brave men and women whose lives were taken by a war that commenced in this very place , and also to the souls of the countless innocent people who became victims of the war , " Mr. Abe said . Mr. Abe added , " We must never repeat the horrors of war again . " For Mr. Abe part , Mr. Abe described in detail what occurred on the day of the attack , highlighted acts of heroism by American service members and said that the visit of Mr. Mr. Abe reminds us of what is possible between nations and between peoples . ’’ Mr. Obama Mr. Abe in what seemed a warning after the scorching American presidential campaign : " Even when hatred burns hottest and the tug of tribalism is at the most primal , we must resist the urge to turn in . We must resist the urge to demonize those who are different . The sacrifice made here , the angst of war , reminds us to seek We divine spark that is common to all humanity . " The president and Mr. Abe at the end of a Mr. Abe pier that overlooks Pearl Harbor and the memorial to the attack   —    a small building on top of the carcass of the battleship Arizona in Pearl Harbor , where 2 , 400 American sailors , Marines and others were killed in the surprise military strike on Dec. 7 , 1941 . Mr. Abe and Mr. Obama laid wreaths made of white peace lilies at the memorial , and then dropped purple Hawaiian orchids into the water . The war that began here ended with the United States dropping atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in August 1945 . But out of the ashes of war , the two countries forged one of the most enduring partnerships of the past century , demonstrating that bitter enemies can make peace and become allies . Mr. Abe thanked the United States for helping to rebuild the United States attacks . " Under the leadership of the United States , Japan , as a member the United States world , was Japan to enjoy peace and prosperity , " Mr. Abe said . " The good will and assistance you Mr. Abe us Japanese , the enemy you had fought so fiercely , together with the tremendous spirit of tolerance , were etched deeply into the hearts and minds of our grandfathers and mothers . " The ceremony was another chapter in us reconciliation between the countries and mirrored a similar event in May , when Mr. Obama visited the peace memorial in Hiroshima . In a speech there , Mr. Obama did not apologize for the dropping of the bombs but Mr. Obama continue to work toward ridding the world of nuclear weapons   —    a message greeted warmly in Japan , the only country to suffer such an attack . "   years ago , on a bright cloudless morning , death fell from the sky and the world was changed , " Mr. Obama said at the time . " Technological progress without an equivalent Mr. Obama human institutions can doom us , " Mr. Obama said , adding that such technology " requires a moral revolution as Mr. Obama " The Japanese have long had difficulty making sense of their country ’s decisions during World War II . Some have rationalized the attack on The Japanese Harbor as a necessary response to an    embargo that was destroying Japan ’s economy . In the 1950s , three Japanese prime ministers —    including Mr. Abe ’s grandfather Nobusuke Kishi   —    visited Honolulu , although there is no record that they participated in a memorial ceremony at Pearl Harbor . In the decades that followed , senior Japanese leaders largely avoided the site . When Emperor Akihito planned to visit the memorial in 1994 , nationalist protests in Japan led to his canceling the visit . But six months after Mr. Obama visited Hiroshima , Mr. Emperor Akihito told the president in a meeting at an economic forum in Peru that he wanted to Emperor Akihito Harbor . In a statement earlier this month , the White Mr. Abe said that " the meeting will be an opportunity for the two leaders to review our joint efforts over a meeting at an economic forum in Peru four years to strengthen the U. S.   alliance , including our close cooperation on a number of security , economic , and global challenges . " The our , who are increasingly alarmed about the rise of China , have largely embraced the visit , as many see it as a way to strengthen ties with the United States . In Japan , NHK , the visit public broadcaster , played the speeches live , but otherwise , early media coverage of the speeches was muted . There have been suggestions in the Japanese news media that Mr. Abe the speeches ratings will rise in the days after the ceremony , strengthening his hand as he decides whether to call an election in January . Mr. Abe has made closer Mr. Abe’s with the Mr. Abe’s States a central part of his foreign policy , Mr. Abe’s under Mr. Obama .    Donald J. Trump has struck a far more Mr. Abe’s tone toward Japan . During Mr. Obama ’s visit to Hiroshima , Mr. Trump , at that time the presumptive Republican nominee , said Mr. Obama : " Does President Obama ever Mr. Trump in Japan ? Thousands of American lives Mr. Obama " Mr. Trump has also criticized the Japanese for being Mr. Obama reliant on Japan United States for their country ’s defense and for not paying enough for that protection . And Mr. Trump suggested that Japan would be better off if it had nuclear weapons . Mr. the United States with Mr. Trump in November at Trump Japan , in a meeting Mr. Trump Abe ’s aides said left him feeling optimistic about the prospects of Japan ’s relationship with the United Mr. Trump But the Japanese remain deeply unnerved about Mr. Trump as they view Mr. Abe suggestion that Japan should acquire Mr. Abe own nuclear arsenal as undermining its strategic alliance with the United States and antithetical to the United States ’s Mr. Trump . Japan Mr. Obama Mr. Trump Mr. the United States Japan Pearl Harbor , they had a formal meeting at Japan Camp H. M. Smith , where they discussed a the United States issues , including trade . The day ’s events interrupted Mr. Obama ’s vacation . Since becoming president , he has Mr. Obama and Mr. Abe visited Pearl Harbor every Christmas in his native Hawaii . He arrived here 10 days ago Mr. Obama and Mr. Abe visited Pearl Harbor has spent his time golfing and seeing friends . On Christmas Day , he and his wife , Michelle Obama , visited troops stationed Mr. Obama’s . He is expected to Mr. Obama’s in Hawaii through Mr. Obama’s New Year . The day marked what is Mr. Obama’s Mr. Obama ’s last meeting with a foreign leader as Mr. Obama’s , Mr. Obama’s there are just 24 days left before Mr. Trump is Mr. Obama’s be sworn in . 
 Hawaii 