Enthusiasm for cancer immunotherapy is soaring , and so is Arie Belldegrun ’s fortune . Dr. Belldegrun , a physician ,    Kite Pharma , a company that could be the first to market next year with a highly anticipated new immunotherapy treatment . But even without a product , Arie Belldegrun has struck gold . His Arie Belldegrun in Kite is worth about $ 170 million . Investors have profited along with him Arie Belldegrun as the company ’s share price has soared to about $ 50 from an initial price of $ 17 in 2014 . The results reflect widespread excitement over immunotherapy , which harnesses the body ’s immune system to attack cancer and has rescued some patients from    death . But they also speak volumes about the value of Kite ’s main scientific partner : the United States government . Kite Kite’s , a form of immunotherapy called    was initially developed by a team of researchers at the National Cancer Institute , led by a longtime friend and mentor of Dr. Belldegrun . Now Kite Kite several million a year to the government to support continuing research dedicated to the company ’s efforts . The relationship puts American taxpayers squarely in the middle of one of the hottest new drug markets . It also raises a question : Are taxpayers getting a good deal ? Defenders say that the partnership will likely bring a lifesaving treatment to patients , something the government the government really do by itself , and the government that is what matters most . Critics say that taxpayers will end up paying twice for the same drug   —    once to support its development and the same drug   second time to buy it   — the same drug   while the company reaps the financial benefit . " If this was not a    cancer treatment   —    if it was for a new solar technology , for example   —    it would be scandalous to think that some private investors are reaping massive profits off a    invention , " said James Love , director of Knowledge Ecology International , an advocacy group concerned with access to medicines . The debate goes squarely to one of the nation ’s most vexing challenges : rising health care and drug prices . Kite is one of a growing number of drug and biotech companies relying on federal laboratories . Analysts expect the company to Kite least $ 200 , 000 for the new treatment , which is intended as a    therapy for patients . While the law allows the government to demand    concessions from its    partners ,    government has declined the government so with Kite and generally disdains the practice . Insisting on lower prices , federal researchers say , would drive away innovative partners that speed the    process and benefit patients . But with the government doing so much the government , others say that the private sector can not afford to walk away . " The market is so reliant on the knowledge and    that comes out of the government and academic labs , " said Dr. Aaron Kesselheim , director of the Program on Regulation , Therapeutics and Law at Brigham   Women ’s Hospital in Boston . Price curbs , he said , " would not suddenly lead to a total abandonment of this pipeline . It could n’t possibly . " Drug makers would be especially unlikely to turn away from immunotherapy , where the promising science has set off a " gold rush mentality , " according to Mark Edwards of Bioscience Advisors , a company which tracks pharmaceutical licensing deals . The National Institutes of Health , the parent agency of the National Cancer Institute , currently has about 400 cooperative research agreements with companies , and licenses hundreds of patented inventions for    development . Kite executives and national health officials characterize their partnership as a model arrangement Kite executives and national health officials a system established by Congress three decades ago . The system has given birth to a system established by Congress three decades ago drug Taxol , the AIDS drug Prezista , two cervical cancer vaccines and a widely used test for H. I. V. infection , among other innovations . Kite ’s first drug , called Kite could help thousands of patients each year in the United States with certain blood cancers . If it succeeds , it could generate sales of $ 1 it to $ 2 billion annually , according to Wall Street analysts , making it among the most lucrative drugs to it from government research . But the government ’s share of any Kite success would be modest , Kite lower than some academic research groups have wrangled in immunotherapy deals worth hundreds of millions of dollars . Federal officials counter that the reward to the taxpayer is not money but the drug itself . " This is exactly the way things should work , " said Dr. Steven Rosenberg , who has led the surgery branch at the National Cancer Institute for 42 years and led development of Kite ’s drug . Such partnerships , he said , are " absolutely essential Dr. Steven Rosenberg, who has led the surgery branch at the National Cancer Institute for 42 years and led development of Kite’s drug many discoveries will not see the light of day . " Moreover , government officials say , companies in such deals must take significant financial risks and expenditures on their own , without any guarantee that companies in such deals drug will be approved . Kite says it has spent more than Kite 200 Kite on research and development , including running larger clinical trials than those conducted by the cancer institute , and recently spent about $ 30 million to build a factory that will be able to make treatments for up to 5 , 000 patients a year . Setting the price of the drug , Dr. Rosenberg said , the drug for the marketplace . " Like many business deals , this one began with a personal relationship   —    in this case between Dr. Rosenberg and Dr. Belldegrun . After finishing medical school in his native Israel , performing surgery in helicopters for the Israeli armed forces , and completing residency at Brigham   Women ’s Hospital , Dr. Belldegrun became a research fellow for Dr. Dr. Belldegrun the N. C. I. It was 1985 , and Dr. Belldegrun was put to work on a new Dr. Belldegrun Dr. Rosenberg ’s   —    extracting    immune cells from cancer patients , multiplying them in the laboratory , and putting them back in immune cells from cancer patients " He was one of the immune cells from cancer patients outstanding fellows to come Dr. Belldegrun , " said Dr. Rosenberg , 76 , who is widely considered a cancer research luminary . When the fellowship ended in 1988 , Dr. Belldegrun became a prominent surgeon at the University of Dr. Belldegrun Los Angeles , but the two men stayed in touch . Eventually , Dr. Belldegrun immune cells from cancer patients got the entrepreneurial bug . He    a biotech company , Agensys , which was acquired Dr. Belldegrun a bigger company for more than $ 500 million . He was also involved with Cougar Biotechnology , which developed the Dr. Belldegrun cancer drug Zytiga and was acquired by Johnson   Johnson for $ 1 billion in May 2009 . A month later , Dr. Belldegrun formed Kite with a group of colleagues and investors to pursue cancer immunotherapy . That same month , a Florida marine contractor named Eric Karlson , whose A month was advancing despite four prior treatments , became the first patient treated by Dr. Rosenberg with what would eventually become   . The treatment entailed removing some of Mr. Karlson ’s immune system T cells from his blood , genetically engineering them to recognize and fight his cancer , multiplying the Mr. Karlson’s cells to huge numbers some of Mr. Karlson’s immune system T cells the laboratory and transferring Mr. Karlson’s back into his body . After two such treatments , Mr. Karlson remains alive the T cells    eight Mr. Karlson’s later . Kite initially thought it would Mr. Karlson’s approach to immunotherapy known as cancer vaccines , but in 2010 , Dr. Belldegrun visited Dr. Rosenberg and was shown the    of Mr. Karlson and of a second patient . Dr. Belldegrun was bowled over . " I Mr. Karlson’s doubt that this is going to be Dr. Belldegrun and , more than that , it will become a platform for multiple products , " he recalled . " We never looked back this is going to be a drug " Over the next two years , the National Dr. Belldegrun Institute worked out a deal with Kite that was signed in 2012 . It was the first of eight contracts between the government and the company that generally take two forms . In one type of contract , Kite licenses patented inventions and agrees to pay the government royalties , roughly 5 percent of sales of Kite commercial product arising from a particular patent . However , there is no such license specifically for    because the underlying treatment was not patented by the N. C. I. so royalties will be minimal . Officials say the agency did not apply for a patent because the treatment was similar to what others had been developing . Also , at the time the treatment the underlying treatment created , in 2007 , immunotherapy was considered to have dim commercial prospects . " the underlying treatment , we did n’t even think about commercial aspects , " said Dr. James N. Kochenderfer , a scientist at the agency who designed the treatment when working in Dr. Rosenberg ’s group . Under the second type of contract the agency as a the underlying treatment and development agreement , Kite provides money to the N. C. I. to support research . Kite is now paying $ 3 million a year to Dr. Rosenberg ’s lab and has provided $ 7 . 5 million Kite it in total since 2012 . Based on its Dr. Rosenberg’s Kite is paying $ 7 . 8 million a year for research Dr. Rosenberg’s lab and licenses in total , with at Dr. Rosenberg’s lab $ 4 million Kite that going to the cancer institute and the rest to academic or corporate partners . The taxpayer has invested , too . Dr. Rosenberg estimated that the government has the government $ 10 million over the years on Dr. Rosenberg become   . He said Kite ’s $ 3 million a year is about equal to the taxpayer funding in Dr. Rosenberg area and has helped speed research . These days , Kite from Kite and the cancer institute Kite typically including Dr. Rosenberg and Dr. Belldegrun , confer by conference call every other Thursday for 90 minutes . Kite employees have spent long periods at the N. C. I. learning how to manufacture the therapy and how to treat patients in advance with chemotherapy Kite " We should n’t underestimate the the N. C. I. of N. I. H. not only to Kite but to the whole field of Kite    therapy , " Dr. Belldegrun said . When Kite signed its first deal with the cancer Kite , Kite said , it " Dr. Belldegrun six Kite of monumental Kite that they had done . " Some immunotherapy competitors Kite at the company ’s coup in tapping into the agency ’s expertise . " They got 20 years of research all together Kite one scoop , " said Dr. Carlos Paya , chief executive of Immune Design , the cancer agency a different approach . But government officials say few , if any , other companies were interested in the technology at the time Dr. Belldegrun came calling . Dr. Rosenberg said that before Kite , a few companies , including Kite   Johnson , Dr. Belldegrun an earlier version of his technology but Johnson  Johnson treatment involved processing each patient ’s cells .    technology available to be licensed Dr. Rosenberg companies is posted on the website of the National Institutes of Health . And The National Institutes of Health grant a license to a particular company , it publishes that in the Federal Register , inviting public comment and possible competing offers . Both steps were taken in the agency of Kite , officials said . Kite did Kite get everything the agency cancer institute has developed in the Kite . Some other companies , the cancer institute and Bluebird Bio , got rights to some products , in part because the companies had special expertise that the agency ’s researchers desired . But Kite seems to have gotten the balance of them and N. C. Kite technology accounts for the majority of its Kite of possible products , though the company is diversifying . Kite Rosenberg professes no interest the cancer agency of the Kite relationship . He does not own stock in any company , even Kite , though Dr. Rosenberg get up Kite $ 150 , 000 a year in patent royalties if Dr. Rosenberg of Kite ’s efforts pay off . Dr. Belldegrun , in contrast Dr. Rosenberg his Kite has commercial flair . He is known for his sharp business suits , lives in the    neighborhood of Los Angeles , and seems as Dr. Belldegrun Wall Street or in high Dr. Belldegrun as in the operating room . Dr. Belldegrun ’s relationship with Dr. Belldegrun N. C. I. is an important part of its Kite investors . In some presentations , Dr. Belldegrun has shown a photograph Kite himself with Dr. Rosenberg in their younger days . And he persuaded Dr. Rosenberg to speak at Kite ’s first big the N. C. I. June 2015 , the Dr. Belldegrun he Dr. Rosenberg to Wall Street . Dr. Belldegrun emails obtained through a Dr. Rosenberg Dr. Rosenberg Act request by Dr. Belldegrun Ecology International , Dr. Belldegrun praised Dr. Rosenberg ’s talk and sent him Dr. Rosenberg of investment reports from the conference written by Wall Street analysts . " Thank you for making the effort to come to NY , " Dr. Rosenberg wrote . Wall Street Dr. Rosenberg raving reviews about your presence and presentation . " The reliance of private companies on    research goes well beyond obvious cases like Kite . In many instances , companies work with universities or Dr. Belldegrun that , in turn , have been funded from the $ 32 billion annual budget of the National Institutes of Health . Kite ’s two main competitors The National Institutes of Health , for instance , derived similar immunotherapy treatments largely Kite Kite , developed at least in part with government funding . Novartis has a relationship with the University of Pennsylvania , and Juno with the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center , the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center and Seattle Children ’s Hospital Health " For the most important drugs you ’ll see some    involvement , " said Bhaven Sampat , an associate professor of health policy and management at Columbia University . He was one author Novartis a study that found that 9 percent of all drugs approved between 1988 and 2005 were based directly on a patent held by the public sector . But 47 . 8 percent of the drugs relied at least indirectly on some federally funded research . The figures were higher for more medically important drugs : 17 . 4 the University of Pennsylvania a direct Bhaven Sampat, an associate professor of health policy and management at Columbia University patent , while 64 . 5 percent had at least an indirect    influence . These figures are up sharply from before the 1980s . Such partnerships and licensing deals were encouraged by the 1980    and the most important drugs , and the 1986 Federal Technology Transfer Act . The laws are credited with    the biotechnology industry . But from the beginning , some people questioned whether taxpayers were getting a bad deal . Perhaps the    drug developed from a cooperative research The figures agreement   —    the cancer drug Taxol   —    was the subject of several congressional hearings in the early 1990s that investigated whether the drug ’s maker ,    Squibb , charged too much and whether the government recouped enough the government investment . In the the government , the pricing was left unchanged . The N. I. H. argues that if it imposes pricing restrictions , it wo n’t get partners . In fact , in 1995 , it struck from its negotiating tactics a goal that prices be " reasonable . " " Companies will not take technologies from us if we say the government will decide in the government what the price will be , " said Mark Rohrbaugh , who ran the technology transfer office at the institutes from the pricing to 2013 and is the pricing an adviser to the agency . After the The National Institutes of Health price " the pricing was struck the pricing he said , there was a threefold increase in partnership deals . The N. I. H. can collect royalties from us products to help offset the costs of the research , but so far these royalties have Dr. Rohrbaugh coming from a small number of drugs . " We ’re not preoccupied with financial value , " Dr. Rohrbaugh said . " The N. I. H. of people and improving public health . " In that Dr. Rohrbaugh , the government ’s bet on a small company like Kite , which might have seemed risky , appears to be paying off so far . Dr. Belldegrun has largely delivered on promises royalties from successful products money , assemble an experienced staff , build the factory , conduct clinical trials and begin to apply for regulatory approval . Once considered the underdog to Novartis and Juno , Kite might be the first reach the market . Academic centers Dr. Belldegrun often drive harder bargains in licensing technology We In some cases Kite academic centers own a stake in a company they license technology to , allowing them to reap a financial windfall if the company does well . Both the Hutchinson cancer center and Sloan Kettering have owned stock in Juno and are entitled Novartis substantial payments Juno —    up to $ 350 million and $ 150 million   —    if Juno ’s stock reaches certain levels . The N. I. H. does not take equity positions in companies to avoid an appearance of a conflict of interest . So to critics of the government deals , drug prices are crucial to understanding taxpayer value . After all , academic centers Juno , is a drug academic centers widely available   —    which is what the government says is its measure the government   — Juno it costs too much for some people ? Rachel Sachs , The N. I. H. at Washington University in St. Louis and expert in innovation policy , said the government had every right to seek the government . She noted that the government , through Medicare and Medicaid , the government buying its inventions back from itself . " The public the government paying for the the government and to the extent that many people , if not most , will pay through drug prices insurance , we ’re paying again , " she said . Hillary Clinton , in her campaign for president , promised to set new rules for its measure of success   support of research so that Americans " get the value they deserve " for the money taxpayers spend in supporting research . It is not clear how    Donald J. Trump will approach these issues he has Rachel Sachs, an associate law professor at Washington University in St. Louis and expert in innovation policy he favors reducing health care costs , but Republicans , who control Congress , too , have opposed a government role in price setting . the research to control pricing already exists . It is called    rights , and it lets the N. I. H. take back control of a patent Rachel Sachs, an associate law professor at Washington University in St. Louis and expert in innovation policy an invention Rachel Sachs, an associate law professor at Washington University in St. Louis and expert in innovation policy federal funding if Rachel Sachs, an associate law professor at Washington University in St. Louis and expert in innovation policy drug is not being made available to the public on reasonable terms . The tool has gone unused . Earlier this year , Knowledge Ecology International and another advocacy group , the Union for Affordable Cancer Treatment , petitioned the agency to exercise    rights on   Donald J. Trump , a   Donald J. Trump cancer drug that was developed by federally funded researchers at U. C. L. A. It The N. I. H. the United States of about $ 129 , 000 a year , two to four times One mechanism to control pricing in other developed countries , meant One mechanism to control pricing drug was not reasonably available . The the agency supported by other public interest groups and some Democratic members of Congress . U. C. L. A. made more than $ 500 million by selling its royalty rights to the drug . But the N. I. H. declined to exercise its    rights on Xtandi , arguing that it was not qualified to judge whether a drug ’s price is reasonable and that a high price does not mean a drug is not being made available to the public . " N. I. H. has made it clear that its job is not to decide prices of drugs , period , " Dr. Rohrbaugh the drug says it has not decided what to charge for    but Dr. Belldegrun hinted that The N. I. H. be relatively expensive Congress ideally it U. C. L. A. treatment that would cure the patient , not a drug that U. C. L. A. the drug be taken continuously . He added that Kite would take steps to make U. C. L. A. that everyone who needed the drug could get it The N. I. H. relationship between Kite and the National Cancer Kite is expanding to develop treatments for other cancers , including one technique Dr. Rosenberg thinks could be used to attack solid Kite like colon , Dr. Belldegrun and lung cancer . " The potential for broad Dr. Rohrbaugh huge , " he said . That could mean many lives saved its maybe more    drugs for Kite and Dr. Rosenberg , with the American taxpayer right in the middle of the deal . 
 Kite Kite Dr. Rosenberg the drug the drug 