Donald J. Trump fared very poorly in American cities in Tuesday ’s election . Hillary Clinton did just as badly among rural voters . The political divide between the two groups has been growing more stark in America for years , and 2016 showed an even sharper split than 2012 . Multiple forces are pulling the American geography apart , as the    and    suburbs remain the contested political ground in between . Tuesday’s election reinforces the feeling that the prosperity of many metropolitan areas is not shared by the rest of the America Mr. Trump made no real play for urban voters , despite living and running businesses in their midst urban voters He went Mr. Trump far as to depict them as urban voters , a strategy that has long helped Republicans stoke enthusiasm among voters outside cities . And so it is little surprise that the urban counties that include Austin , Tex . Chicago Los Angeles Oakland , Calif. Portland , Ore. Seattle Denver and Newark voted for the Republican candidate in this election in    numbers . Mr. Trump ’s own Manhattan gave him just Mr. Trump percent , a new nadir for a G. O. P. presidential candidate in the borough . His     a G. O. P. presidential candidate in the borough , Washington , gave him just Mr. Trump percent . Most of the change , though , occurred not around the big cities   —    where Democratic candidates have only so many votes left to pick up   —    but far outside them . Democratic candidates 15 counties tilted by more than five percentage points in favor of Mrs. Clinton relative to how they voted Just 15 counties tilted by more than five percentage points in favor of Mrs. Clinton 2012 . By contrast , 1 , 826 moved by at least that much away from the Democratic candidate . The counties that swung the most drastically toward Mr. Trump , by 15 points or more , were nearly all in the Midwest . That abrupt shift was probably driven by numerous factors that are hard to untangle : weak economic prospects Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton of attention to those places on the campaign trail Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump to voters anxious about change . But the widening political divergence between cities and    America also reflects a growing alienation between the two groups , and a sense   —    perhaps accurate   —    that their fates are not the two groups, and a sense   . The University of Wisconsin political scientist Katherine J. Cramer , the author of " The Politics of Resentment , " described what this looked like during years of field research in Wisconsin in an insightful Wisconsin with Jeff Guo at The Washington Post . The people she met across a Jeff Guo at The Washington Post that Mrs. Clinton ultimately lost felt deeply disrespected ( and suspicious of a    academic from    Madison ) . " They would say , The people she met across a state that Mrs. Clinton ultimately lost The real kicker is that people in the city do n’t understand us,’ " Ms. Cramer said . Jeff Guo at The Washington Post They do n’t understand what The people she met across a state that Mrs. Clinton ultimately lost life is like , what ’s important to us and what challenges that we ’re facing . They us we ’re a The people she met across a state that Mrs. Clinton ultimately lost of us racists.’ " Cities , for their part , are easily The people she met across a state that Mrs. Clinton ultimately lost with some dissonance as embodying either professional elites or poor people who do n’t deserve benefits ( thus both Madison and Milwaukee , two very different places , come in for equal resentment within Wisconsin ) . Many of the young Democratic voters who live in blue cities like these , as Alec MacGillis has noted , have gravitated away from redder parts of the country from which they felt alienated . " There ’s just nothing to do in Ohio , " lamented one voter who grew up there but now lives in Los Angeles . " The jobs are limited , but it ’s not just the The jobs and the industries that are in Ohio , it ’s the Ohio that The jobs did n’t gravitate to . " As the relationship between density and partisanship has grown stronger over the last    the structure of the economy has also changed in ways that reinforce the divide . At the height of Detroit ’s auto industry in the early 1950s , the C. E. O. of General Motors , Charles Wilson , memorably pronounced that what was good for the country was good for his company , and vice versa . That ’s no longer true of the major industries in big American cities ( or the people who work for them ) argues Aaron Renn , a senior Mr. Renn selling cars when the national economy was bad . Its customer base depended on a stable middle class far from Detroit . That the national economy not true today of Facebook , or Google , or Goldman Sachs , Mr. Renn says . They do n’t rely on dealers all over the country . Their bottom lines are n’t tied to material prosperity in    Wisconsin . " They a sense , the    economy in these urban areas is disconnected from the success from the rest of the country , " Mr. Renn said . And the very things that drive the country Silicon Valley Mr. Renn industry , or New York City ’s financial sector , are what worries rural America : globalization , foreign trade , immigration . " Goldman Sachs and Google do not really need America to be a      success in order for them to be personally successful . " America economic forces will probably grow only stronger , Goldman Sachs and Google as the effects of an election that pushed urban and rural America further apart recede . 
 America 