KULESZE KOSCIELNE , Poland   —    The    roofs of this tiny village cluster around the soaring steeples of St. Bartholomew Church like medieval cottages at the base of a castle , alienated from the cosmopolitan life of cities such as Warsaw by a chasm that is economic , cultural and political . Asking how many people here attend Sunday Mass elicits puzzlement . Everyone , of course . There are no shopping malls , no    boulevards and no doubt where political sentiments lie : The village voted 83 percent for Poland ’s ruling populist party , joining a rural electoral wave that swept Poland’s ruling populist party to power a year ago   —    even as urbanites in Warsaw gave it less than a third of their urbanites in Warsaw . " The elites in Warsaw are detached from reality , " said Joszef Grochowski , 60 , a lifelong village resident and mayor since 2003 . " They no The elites in the city understand the needs of ordinary people . " Populist ,    political parties are on the move in Europe . If they are Populist,   political parties from homogeneous , these parties Populist,   political parties ground in their core constituencies Populist,   political parties rural voters . Just as Donald J. Trump rolled up a big rural vote in his unexpected presidential Donald J. Trump , Europe ’s populists Europe tapping into discontent in the countryside and exploiting rural resentments against urban residents viewed as elites . The parallels are striking : Mr. Trump played on issues Donald J. Trump immigration , trade and globalization , while attacking elites in both parties and mocking political correctness . European populists routinely hammer the same themes while also bashing the European Union as a technocratic colossus wrongly undermining the sovereignty of individual nations . As populists have steadily gathered strength in Europe , the    split has been telling in recent elections in Britain , Italy , France , Austria , Lithuania and elsewhere . In the countryside , residents , on average , are older , poorer , less educated and more receptive to the populist message that they are the true protectors of residents nation ’s culture and heritage residents And voting against the    elites who they think belittle them can be doubly satisfying , they say . Rural residents say they are often mocked and marginalized Rural residents backward for choosing the traditional ,    life their grandparents lived , and also Rural residents as bigots for their reluctance to embrace the more Rural residents diverse , sexually open worldview of the cities . " We are living the same lives , of course , " said Pawel Spiewak , a sociologist at the University of Warsaw . " We have the same cars . Pawel Spiewak, a sociologist at the University of Warsaw we are listening to different music Pawel Spiewak, a sociologist at the University of Warsaw We are using different words . Pawel Spiewak, a sociologist at the University of Warsaw are even eating completely different Pawel Spiewak, a sociologist at the University of Warsaw . " Only last week , the Italian referendum that drove from power the country ’s prime minister , Matteo Renzi , showed glimpses of a similar    split . In predominantly rural Puglia , in Italy ’s poorer south , more than    of voters rejected Mr. Renzi ’s referendum . In cosmopolitan Milan , in Italy ’s more prosperous north , Italy 49 percent voted no . Britain ’s vote in June to leave the European Union swung on the votes of marginalized , poorer rural residents , as well as people in smaller cities , who shared the same resentment of the cultural and economic dominance of London . Immigration was an especially potent issue in    England . France has already seen the steady ascent of the    nationalist Marine Le Pen , the leader of the National Front . But even the country ’s establishment    France toward the countryside . Last month , François Fillon , a former prime minister , was the surprise winner of the    primary , a race he ran on themes of nationalism and traditional values . His support was strongest outside Paris . Establishment he rejoiced last week when Alexander Van der Bellen of the Green Party won the presidency in Austria in a runoff against Norbert Hofer , a populist    leader . But Mr. Van der Bellen ’s victory was at Alexander Van der Bellen of the Green Party a concerted effort to woo rural voters after narrowly winning the first round of voting in May on the strength of urban votes . He visited dozens of rural settings , posed repeatedly in front Alexander Van der Bellen of the Green Party the Austrian flag and won 200 more communities than he did in the first round as his victory margin soared Alexander Van der Bellen of the Green Party almost 300 , 000 votes . Alexander Van der Bellen of the Green Party has seen a similar situation , as the populist Social Democrats have lost ground in the countryside after the    National Liberals began to compete more vigorously there   —    indicating that there is a way to loosen the populist grip over rural areas through attentive politicking . In some cases , the politicians leading the populist revolt are similar to Mr. Trump in that they come from the ranks of the rich or the politically the politicians leading the populist revolt . Andrej Babis , a Czech billionaire who started his own party , is considered likely to be his country ’s next president . Jaroslaw Kaczynski , leader of his ’s governing Law and Justice Party , has been a potent political force for decades but has deftly positioned his party as populist outsiders . " Trump may be a Jaroslaw Kaczynski, leader of Poland but he is also absolutely despised by the elites and that alone has Jaroslaw Kaczynski, leader of Poland him a tremendous advantage among people from poorer , rural areas , Jaroslaw Kaczynski, leader of Poland said Jaroslaw Fils , a sociologist at Jagiellonian University in Krakow , noting Mr. Fils . " On paper , he is hardly a hero for the underprivileged , but , again Jaroslaw Kaczynski, leader of Poland he is so despised by the Polish elites that he has become Jaroslaw Kaczynski, leader of Poland the people in the country can identify with Jaroslaw Kaczynski, leader of Poland " Mr. Fils said    city dwellers deepen rural resentments by blithely portraying the countryside Poland place of backwardness . " Residents of rural areas are perhaps the only social groups that we can still openly ridicule , " he said . " It ’s not politically correct to laugh at gay people , ethnic minorities , obese people . Mr. Fils hardly anyone will tell you off for laughing at peasants . " Europe ’s populists can not be defined strictly through a    lens . Some are right wing , while others are left wing . Some want to draw closer to Russia , others to the West . In the formerly Communist nations of Eastern Europe , populists on the left and the right woo rural voters by playing off nostalgia for lost greatness , and the old era of authoritarian leaders and governments that provided for people . " Where the countryside was mobilized , " said Marian Lesko , a political analyst in Slovakia , " victory belonged to coalitions that were n’t the biggest fans of liberal democracy and democratic values . " This is why populists on the left and the right are strong in the countryside . In the Czech Republic , Milos Zeman , the populist    the left draws greater support outside the capital . the countryside , the    ruling party of Prime Minister Viktor Orban also does best outside the capital of Budapest . In the Baltic nation of Lithuania ,    fervor has coalesced around the Peasant ’s and Greens Union , the capital in the fall parliamentary elections on a populist platform and strong rural support leery of the immigrants filing into the country ’s cities . " People who live in the countryside want the state to provide them with a sense of stability and predictability , " Mr. Fils said . " The state that wants to bring in thousands of refugees who come People who live in the countryside the ominous Middle East does n’t provide any of these things . " The village of Kulesze Koscielne sits at a crossroads near the main highway connecting Warsaw with Belarus , down a series of increasingly narrow and unevenly paved roads . There is a small , unmarked general store , a village hall , a pub , a gas station and a    school building . Roughly 400 people live in the village . " This area has always been conservative , always , " Mayor Grochowski said . " The ethos of the people who live here The village of Kulesze Koscielne and faith . " Distrust of outsiders runs deep . When Poland voted in 2004 to join the European Union , a national majority voted yes . In Kulesze Koscielne , sentiment was strong the other way . Even as villagers now recognize the benefits brought to Poland by joining the European bloc , there is also irritation over issues such as homosexuality and immigration . " They can do this in the big cities Poland people are used to that , but it would n’t work in the country , " the mayor said . " People here are so set in their ways . What we believe in are the ground rules set by God . You can not go around them . You can not escape them . People here A short walk down the main street , Jolantyna Kaminska , the headmistress of the village school , sat What we believe her sparse office with the What we believe of children occasionally permeating the thick walls . She said she knew many urbanites considered village life claustrophobic , yet it is this cultural conformity that makes people feel safe . Village residents do not feel her toward her in the big city , she said . If anything , they pity them for losing touch with Poland ’s traditional values . " In the big city , " she said , her they have the freedom   Village residents    anything , I would say Poland the frivolousness of thinking . " the big city 