WASHINGTON   —    When former Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. learned former Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. would be sitting down for an interview with Gwen Ifill , former Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. prematurely breathed a sigh of relief , thinking about the     woman former Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. had befriended through house parties and family barbecues . " She was n’t Gwen the national figure , but Gwen the sistah ,      " former Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said . " The sistah with fascinating stories , with funny jokes and juicy     observations better known as gossip . " The two had bonded over their shared connection to Barbados and took to calling each other " cuz , " imagining their might be distant cousins through ancestors on the Caribbean island . But moments into their interview , Mr. Holder , still early in Mr. Holder tenure as attorney general , realized that the    woman from the weekends had " transformed . " " My dear Gwen , unexpectedly to me , went from ‘ cuz’ to newsperson , " Mr. Holder said . " She My dear Gwen fair but she My dear Gwen piercing , serious but unfailingly nice , smiling the whole time as she My dear Gwen me out of my prescribed talking points . " Mr. Mr. Holder his story Mr. Holder read a letter from President Obama in front of thousands of mourners who gathered for nearly three hours Saturday for Ms. Ifill ’s funeral , which was held at Metropolitan African Methodist Episcopal Church , a former haven to runaway enslaved people where Ms. Ifill Ms. Ifill’s since 1989 . Ms. Ifill died Ms. Ifill’s from complications of uterine cancer . She was 61 . Ms. Ifill’s Saturday , Saturday wept as they studied the long some pew in the seventh row in the center of the church where Ms. Ifill and her friends regularly sat Ms. Ifill’s and where , after her death , the Ms. Ifill’s placed a plaque with Ms. Ifill ’s name . ( The church has placed the church other pews for figures like Frederick Douglass . ) The funeral became a reunion of Ms. Ifill ’s large family Ms. Ifill’s gathering of luminaries . Michelle Obama , the first lady Valerie Jarrett , a senior adviser to Mr. Obama and Donna Brazile , the interim Democratic National Committee chairwoman , sat alongside a number of prominent journalists , including Dorothy Gilliam , Chuck Todd , Roland Martin and Charlayne   . While many stood to speak about Ms. Ifill ’s life , recordings of her own interviews and speeches that Ms. Ifill’s gave were sprinkled throughout the Ms. Ifill’s . Ms. Ifill was born on Sept. Ms. Ifill’s 1955 , in Jamaica , Queens . Her father was an A. M. E. Ms. Ifill’s and her family was deeply religious , as Ms. Ifill’s as committed to watching the news to keep up with current affairs . She graduated in 1977 with a bachelor Ms. Ifill’s arts degree from Simmons College in Boston , where she majored in communications . Her first Ms. Ifill’s as a professional journalist Ms. Ifill’s with The Boston   . In between that job and her final one with PBS , Ms. Ms. Ifill’s worked for The Baltimore Evening Ms. Ifill’s The Washington Post , and The New York Times , where she was a White House correspondent and covered Ms. Ifill’s Clinton ’s 1992 presidential campaign . Her career in television began in 1994 , Ms. Ifill’s Tim Russert recruited her to cover Capitol Hill for NBC . Ms. Ifill’s joined PBS in 1999 . Her highest Ms. Ifill’s came as the moderator and Ms. Ifill’s editor of the public affairs program " Washington Week " on PBS , where she was also    and PBS editor , Ms. Ifill’s Judy Woodruff , of " NewsHour . " They were the first    team to anchor Judy Woodruff, of "NewsHour a program . Under the church ’s large stained glass windows , generations of people hugged , wept and shared their sadness about Ms. Ifill ’s death . generations of people lamented that her voice would be especially missed as the Ms. Ifill’s prepared for    Donald J. Trump to take office . The funeral began in silence as images of Ms. Ifill were projected onto the wall . Ms. Ifill’s of Mr. Obama calling her an " extraordinary journalist " boomed throughout the Ms. Ifill’s . Soon after , it was Ms. Ifill ’s voice that filled the room , Ms. Ifill’s You can be the person who turns toward , not away from , the chance to rise above the fray . " In another recording that was played later , Ms. Ifill said , " It ’s important to be reminded Ms. Ifill’s we can be denied simple , obvious opportunity , how low the ceilings can get and how much fortitude it takes to refuse to accept the limits that others place on you . " Audio also played of PBS viewers , who thanked Ms. Ifill for explaining the world to them every night and expressed Ms. Ifill’s she would no longer help the nation grapple with political changes . Transfixed in the moment , most of the mourners stayed silent as latecomers shuffled into squeaky pews and the choir members , dressed in purple and gold robes , began to sing " Now Thank We All Our God . " Several of Ms. Ifill ’s friends read from Scripture We All spoke of her ability to connect with family and friends and to mentor young journalists Ms. Ifill Athelia Knight , a former reporter for The Washington Post and a close friend who frequently sat next to Ms. Ifill at church , read from 1 Corinthians : " Death has Ms. Ifill up in victory . " Puncturing the sadness , Ms. Ifill ’s voice was played again . This time , she joked about Ms. Ifill followed when she moderated    debates . " And along Ms. Ifill way , I have to say , Ms. Ifill were some perks . I was played by Queen Latifah twice on ‘ Saturday Night Live . ’ " Yet the void left by Ms. Ifill ’s death radiated through the morning . The sorrow seemed to reach its peak Ms. Ifill Darlene    sang " It Is Well With My Soul , " belting out the hymn Ms. Ifill many raised their hands and cried . Ms. Ifill ’s    Ms. Woodruff , said in her reflections that the two had grown extremely close Ms. Ifill planned their program . " We did n’t Ms. Ifill like other anchor pairs , and we loved that , " they said to loud applause , before adding that her heart was broken . We Woodruff also said she Ms. Ifill only imagine what Ms. Ifill might be doing Ms. Ifill the afterlife . " Ms. Woodruff wrote , what Ms. Woodruff glorious scene is Ms. Ifill picture Gwen and Tim today , up in heaven , grilling James Madison and Alexander Hamilton about the Electoral College , " she said , referring to Mr. Russert , who died of a heart attack in 2008 . Michele Norris , a Ms. Woodruff and fellow journalist , said that she and Ms. Ifill were part of a circle of Ms. Norris who supported one Ms. Woodruff through both struggles and successes . " Her ability to be a friend was epic , " Ms. Norris said , saying Ms. Ifill had nudged her at Ms. Woodruff party to talk to the man who later became her husband . Sherrilyn Ifill , Ms. Ifill ’s Ms. Woodruff and the Ms. Ifill    of the NAACP Legal Defense and Ms. Woodruff Fund , shared memories of playing dominoes and Scrabble together and of spending Thanksgiving with families deeply interested in politics and justice . She pointed out that both her parents and Ms. Ifill ’s had immigrated to the United States from Barbados . " At this particular moment in our country , I do want to note She Gwen represented the most American of success stories , " she said . 
 She 