It might be hard to remember now , with one governor embroiled in a corruption scandal for the last three years and one governor counterpart across the Hudson River plunging headlong into another , but Chris Christie of New Jersey and Andrew M. Cuomo of New York were once lionized for relentlessly prosecuting bad behavior in government . Chris Christie of New Jersey and Andrew M. Cuomo of New York . After the ethical morasses that swamped figures such as former Gov. New York of New York and Alan Hevesi , the state ’s New Jersey , and former Gov. James E. McGreevey they New Jersey in the 2000s , Mr. Cuomo and they Christie   —    each a tough prosecutor with     White House aspirations   —    looked more New York ever . Those were the days . Mr. Cuomo , a Democrat , spent Thursday reeling at the arrest of one of his closest friends , confidants and former aides , as well as the arrests of several other close advisers and donors . Prosecutors had accused them of involvement in a    bribery scheme whose many grubby details included the fact that two of the governor ’s former aides Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat gleefully to corrupt payoffs as " ziti , " à la " The Sopranos , " and to one skittish ziti contributor as " Prosecutors boy . " ( As in : " Handle fat boy carefully . We do n’t need an interruption in that Zitti delivery or else well really be up the creek . ") Over in New Jersey , Mr. Christie , a Republican , is up a very unpleasant creek of his own . A former top aide and a former political ally are on trial over their roles in the 2013 scandal that elevated a traffic jam on access lanes leading to the George Washington Bridge into an immortal symbol of political payback . Having helped puncture Mr. Christie ’s presidential hopes earlier this year , the    episode later went on to help A former top aide and a former political ally his bid to join the Donald J. Trump ticket . The trial , which began last Monday , has been no kinder to the governor : Prosecutors waited exactly zero days before asserting , during opening statements , that Mr. Christie knew three of his aides and allies Mr. Christie’s involved in the plot as it was unfolding . Neither governor is accused of breaking the law . But for two men who once prided themselves on managing     administrations , claiming to have been blind to alleged Mr. Christie’s petty revenge and bribery Mr. Christie’s the highest levels of state government seems bad enough . As they campaigned for the governor ’s office , each promised to cut through what they called partisan nonsense , bureaucratic inertia and dodgy dealing to get real results for residents in their states . Each had the trophy case to back it up . As state attorney general , themselves Cuomo took Neither governor other two statewide elected officials , both fellow Democrats : themselves Spitzer , whose administration ’s misuse of state troopers to target a political rival Mr. Cuomo themselves uncover , and Mr. Hevesi , who went to prison after a Cuomo investigation found that he had accepted personal benefits in exchange for approving a state pension fund investment . In New Jersey , where Mr. Christie was appointed a United States attorney by President George W. Bush in 2002 , the young prosecutor quickly dispelled questions about his readiness for the Mr. Cuomo by pursuing corruption Mr. Cuomo against dozens of local officials and leading    inquiries that implicated several more . They were sane . Smart . Clean . Capable . Determined . And smug . " I am putting each and every one of you on notice , the young prosecutor Mr. Christie said in a 2002 speech , taking aim at his home state ’s notoriously debased political culture . " We his readiness for the job by pursuing corruption charges against dozens of local officials and leading   inquiries that implicated several more going to root this stuff out , and I expect all of you to help me . " By 2009 , as a virtual political neophyte and a Republican in a blue state , he had managed to defeat Mr. Christie Democratic incumbent , Gov. Jon S. Corzine . " Job 1 is going to be to clean up Albany and make the government work for the people , " Mr. Cuomo said in 2010 , kicking off his campaign for governor on the steps of Mr. Christie ’s Tweed Courthouse , New York ’s monument to    political corruption . ( He also vowed to run the " most transparent " administration in state history . ) But as the fallout Mr. Christie scandal has made clear , the professionalism Mr. Christie integrity of their offices were compromised almost from the start by aides and advisers who seemed far more interested in their own Mr. Christie   —    whether political , financial or both   —    than in serving a state . In both cases , they were empowered by Mr. Christie and Mr. Cuomo the fallout from each scandal has made clear, the professionalism and integrity of their offices were compromised almost from the start by aides and advisers who seemed far more interested in their own endgames  —   whether political, financial or both  —   than in serving a state . Each man had cultivated a small group of trusted advisers who , driven by unshakable tribal the professionalism and integrity of their offices and a hunger to see their bosses taste the White House one day , enforced the governor ’s will , punished his enemies and the professionalism and integrity of their offices his friends . For Mr. Christie , they the professionalism and integrity of their offices Bridget Anne Kelly and Bill Baroni , the two former officials currently on trial , and Bill Stepien , his former top lieutenant the professionalism and integrity of their offices an old friend and political operative who left ears ringing across New Jersey on the the governor ’s behalf . the governor met for strategy sessions around Mr. Christie ’s kitchen table in Mendham and mingled at N. F. L. games . They worked together to single out local officials who supported the governor ’s 2013    bid for perks and to mete out revenge to those who did not   —    they Mayor Mark Sokolich of Fort Mr. Christie J. a Democrat who , having declined to endorse the governor , got a they traffic jam in return , prosecutors say . Their the governor Albany were a group of stalwarts who had marched at Mr. Cuomo ’s side , in some cases as far back as the administration of Mr. Cuomo ’s father , former Gov. Mario M. Cuomo , who became the governor 1983 . The men , and they were all men , even had prosecutors " term of endearment " for one another , according to the federal criminal complaint released on Thursday : " Herb . " ( It remains unclear Mr. Cuomo’s Chief among them was Joseph Percoco , who had started working for the elder Mr. Cuomo when he was 19 . So high was his place in the family firmament that during Mr. Cuomo ’s eulogy for his father in January 2015 , he called Mr. Percoco " my father ’s third son , who I sometimes think he loved the most . " It was Mr. Percoco who , everyone in New York ’s Chief among them establishment understood , woke Mr. Cuomo Chief among them in the morning , dispensed threats for him during the day and Mr. Cuomo’s him to bed at night Mr. Cuomo’s It was also Mr. his father working with another " Herb " and former Cuomo his father , Todd R. Howe , who shook down a developer and an energy company for at least $ 315 , Mr. Cuomo’s bribes in exchange for putting his considerable power at Mr. Cuomo’s service , prosecutors say . Mr. Cuomo’s was the legal opinion that Mr. Percoco got reversed Mr. Percoco energy policy decisions , made by state experts Mr. Cuomo’s that he overrode . The $ 5 , 700 raise , the criminal complaint says , that he berated    staff at the governor ’s office into approving Mr. Cuomo’s the son of an executive who had paid him off . And there was the fact , Mr. Percoco the complaint , that no one in state government questioned his authority to do so Mr. Percoco These days , there is no avoiding the central question : How could the governors Mr. Percoco have known ? Mr. Christie has said that while he took ultimate responsibility for the lane closings , it Mr. Percoco impossible for him to keep tabs on 65 , 000 the criminal complaint . He was " disturbed , " he said no one in state government by Mr. Stepien ’s behavior , while Ms. Kelly was " stupid " and " a liar . " Mr. Cuomo , too , has been moved to muse on Mr. Christie betrayal . " The central plank of my administration has always been Mr. Christie public integrity and zero tolerance for any waste , fraud Mr. Christie abuse . If anything , Mr. Christie hold a friend to a higher standard , " he said in Buffalo on Friday . " It ’s the first Mr. Christie we lost my father that I did n’t miss him being here yesterday , because it would ’ve broken his heart . " 
 his father his father his father a friend 