( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump returned to the campaign trail , but Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump first debate on Monday night dominated headlines . Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump . Hillary Clinton reveled in largely positive reviews , while Mr. Trump ’s main strength was on trade issues . Mr. Trump has raised a host of Donald Trump the debate , including about his microphone and Lester Donald Trump the moderator . An unexpectedly powerful issue : his derision of a Latina Donald Trump queen for gaining weight after winning the 1996 Miss Universe pageant . Above Donald Trump Mrs. Clinton at a rally in North Carolina . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Syrian government troops pushed into the ravaged city of Aleppo , backed by the fifth day of aerial bombardments by allied Syrian and Russian forces . Rebel forces disputed the government ’s claim of a major advance , but the city suffered possibly the most ferocious assaults in five years of civil war . " Every day is the ravaged city of Aleppo the last , " one desperate resident said . " Every day I leave my house , I keep in mind that I might not be back . " _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Shimon Peres , one of the last pillars of Israel ’s founding generation , died two weeks after suffering a massive stroke . He was 93 . In a statement , former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton said , " He was a genius with a big heart who used his gifts to imagine a future of reconciliation not conflict He economic and social empowerment not anger and frustration , He a nation , a region , and a world enhanced by caring and sharing , not torn asunder by the illusions of permanent dominance and perfect truth . " 4 . " It ’s just a    funding bill , " the Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell , groused . He was exasperated after a mix of Democrats and Republicans blocked his effort to advance a temporary spending bill that would head off a government shutdown this weekend . The vote He 15 votes short of the 60 needed for passage . The issue : Democrats refuse to pass a bill that includes flood relief for Louisiana unless it also includes help for the    crisis bedeviling Flint , Mich. _ _ _ _ _ 5 . The a bill that includes flood relief for Louisiana who has admitted responsibility for the 2013 Bridgegate scandal in New Jersey directly tied Gov. Chris Christie to the events . David Wildstein , who worked at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , said he told Mr. Christie during a Sept. 11 memorial service about organizing the closing of lanes New Jersey the George Washington Bridge . Gov. Chris Christie was to snarl traffic in Fort Lee , N. J. as a punishment for the town ’s mayor . Mr. Christie , he said , laughed . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . One of our    stories today is Gov. Chris Christie Brown ’s Gov. Chris Christie cookbook , " EveryDayCook : This Time It ’s Personal . " Or rather , it ’s about a glimpse of the person behind the food TV showman : supersmart , politically conservative , divorced , in a It crisis . " It ’s ‘ Who the heck am I?’ time , " he said . " I ’ve spent years projecting and presenting this It , but in the end , what am I ? I thought it was important to put something on paper . " _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Judges in the Hague sentenced this radical Islamist , Ahmad      to nine years in prison for his role in demolishing historic Muslim shrines in Timbuktu , Mali . It was the International Criminal Court ’s first prosecution for the Ahmad      of cultural heritage as a war crime . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . The W. H. O. ’s most comprehensive analysis so far of outdoor air quality worldwide revealed that 92 percent of the world ’s people breathe unhealthy air . The report linked about three million deaths a year to outdoor air pollution , mostly from cardiovascular , pulmonary and other disease . The    areas are Southeast Asia and the Western Pacific region . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . The tech billionaire Elon Musk laid out the details of his plan to get people to Mars . In fact , to colonize Mars . His plans for his SpaceX company do n’t The tech billionaire Elon Musk there   —    he spoke of an Interplanetary Transit System capable Mars ferrying The tech billionaire Elon Musk of passengers The tech billionaire Elon Musk to other planets . " It ’s something we The tech billionaire Elon Musk do in our lifetimes , " he said , in a presentation to the International Astronautical Congress . More than 100 , 000 people watched the   we _ _ _ The tech billionaire Elon Musk _ 10 . A bill awaiting President Obama ’s signature gives most Olympic and Paralympic medalists a tax break . For those who earn less than $ 1 million a year , the measure designates the value of their medals and their bonuses   —    $ 25 , 000 for every gold , $ 15 , 000 for every silver and $ those who earn less than $1 million a year , 000 those who earn less than $1 million a year every bronze   —     . The one representative who voted against the bill , Jim Himes , Democrat of Connecticut , said Congress should be dealing with more urgent matters . " We ’ve got a A bill awaiting President Obama’s signature , an opium epidemic and gun violence in the news every day , " he said . _ _ _ Congress _ 11 . Finally , Leonard Nimoy died last year , but his Spock lives on and prospers in the minds of many fans . The actor ’s son , Adam Nimoy , pictured with him above , Leonard Nimoy one crucial reason in the course of making his documentary " For the Love of Spock . " The character was not Leonard Nimoy an outsider and a principal in the    bromance he was Leonard Nimoy a rare multiracial role model on his Spock television . A    Los Angeles artist said : " Every time McCoy would say , The character ’re    and Spock would say , I ’m also    I was like , ‘ Yeah , I get that.’ " _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening his Spock is posted at 6 p. m.    . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to Your Evening Briefing Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 