CHARLOTTE , N. C.   —    As Hillary Clinton braced for political fallout from Hillary Clinton use of a private email server , President Obama delivered a stemwinder on Hillary Clinton behalf on Tuesday , praising Hillary Clinton " steady judgment " as President Obama secretary of state and criticizing Donald J. Trump for Donald J. Trump own lack of transparency . Sleeves rolled up and declaring President Obama " fired up " on her behalf , President Obama heaped admiration on Mrs. Clinton and assailed Mr. Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee , saying American voters face a critical choice between " some imaginary past , or whether we are American voters to reach for the future . " " I can tell you this , Hillary Clinton Mrs. Clinton tested , " Mr. President Obama as he interrupted President Obama by the cheering crowd . " There has never been any man or woman more qualified for this office , " the president boomed . Mrs. Clinton jubilant rally   —    Mr. Obama President Obama campaign appearance with Mrs. Clinton   —    unfolded at an awkward moment , just hours after the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , accused Mrs. Clinton of being " extremely Mrs. Clinton   in her email use as he announced the Mrs. Clinton   of an investigation that has engulfed her candidacy and put the Obama administration Mrs. Clinton   the defensive . The dueling political events on Tuesday were as discordant as they were separate : The president and The dueling political events on Tuesday    secretary of state sidestepped the email issue at their rally , where Mr. Obama clasped The president and his   secretary of state with his onetime Obama predicted victory in the Obama , making no mention of Mr. Comey ’s dramatic announcement in Washington faulting Obama even as he recommended against criminal charges . Without mentioning the Obama controversy , Mr. Obama pointed to the political attacks that have Obama at Mrs. Clinton ’s trust among voters . " Can I Mrs. Clinton " he said . " Hillary ’s got her share of Obama . " But , he added , " Hillary ’s what happens when you Obama yourself to public service over a lifetime . " Mr. Obama delicately touched on Mrs. Clinton ’s perceived weaknesses Obama candidate even as he marveled at Mrs. Clinton in the nominating fight they waged Obama each other eight years ago Hillary In an election year in which outsider candidates have railed against the establishment , Mr. Obama portrayed Mrs. Clinton ’s    experience as a plus Obama Sometimes we take somebody who Mrs. Clinton in the trenches and fought the good fight and been so steady for granted , " he said , recognizing that voters’ yearning for the next new thing Obama helped his own 2008 campaign . " We do n’t do that , Obama the way , for airline pilots . " At a time when her State Department tenure is being picked apart by political critics , he defended her turn as the nation ’s top diplomat , noting Obama her popularity faded only once her returned to the political spotlight . " It ’s funny her the filter changes a her bit , " he said . " The filter is a powerful thing . " Obama Clinton , perched on a stool behind the filter , grinned and gently nodded . her rally in North Carolina was rescheduled after a previous campaign event in Wisconsin was hastily canceled after the Orlando shootings . But in some ways , the moment had been years in the making . Eight years ago , after a brutal primary fight , Mrs. Clinton appeared arm in arm with Mr. Obama for the first time in Unity , N. her she declared , " Unity is not only a beautiful place , it ’s a wonderful feeling , her n’t it ? " Unity Obama referred to that event at Tuesday Unity rally in North Carolina , a rally that served as Mr. Obama of bookend to two remarkable careers that at times seemed destined to clash . " We went to Unity , N. H. just in case people missed the point , " Mr. Obama said . " I saw the grace and the energy with which she threw herself into my campaign Mr. Obama Mrs. Clinton spoke before the president , an unusual departure from how she Mr. Obama at Mr. Obama with    surrogates , and Mr. Obama it felt like she was campaigning not for herself , but Mr. Obama Mr. Obama ’s legacy , praising his " heart , depth and humility Mr. Obama " She repeatedly referred Mr. Obama their former rivalry , even praising Mr. Obama ’s Mr. Obama’s deftness at defeating her . " He knows Mr. Obama thing or two about winning elections , take it Mr. Obama’s " she said . Mr. Obama F. B. I. ’s Mr. Obama’s not to recommend criminal charges came days after an unplanned , brief meeting Mr. Obama former President Bill Clinton and Attorney General Loretta Lynch at an airport in Phoenix . To avoid any appearance of political interference , Ms. Lynch said Friday that she would accept the recommendations of career prosecutors and the F. B. I. director on whether to Mr. Obama against Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Obama Saturday , Mrs. Clinton and her lawyers met with officials from the F. B. I. and the Justice Department to answer nearly four hours of questioning related to her email Clinton . Aides to both Democrats said Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton did not discuss the F. B. I. investigation on the flight Clinton Charlotte . A spokesman for Mrs. Clinton , Nick Merrill , Mrs. Clinton Mr. Obama looked at photos of Mrs. Clinton ’s grandchildren aboard Air Force One . Serving as Mr. Mrs. Clinton secretary of state , Mrs. Clinton engendered good will with the White House Mrs. Clinton experience of accepting Mr. Obama ’s offer to run the State Department became one of the most Mrs. Clinton she relayed on the campaign trail , particularly when wooing Mr. Trump Obama was " someone who Mrs. Clinton never forgotten where he came from   —    and Donald , Mrs. Clinton ’re out there tweeting , it ’s Hawaii , " a reference Mr. Obama’s Trump ’s calls in 2011 for the president to Mr. Obama’s his birth certificate . For several attendees , many of whom waited for hours in sweltering conditions to get into the rally , the chief draw was the chance to glimpse Mr. Obama as he Mr. Trump on something of a farewell tour . The crowd was the president    flashing clothing and trinkets dedicated to the sitting president . Vendors sold tote bags and    emblazoned with images of Mr. Obama ’s teenage daughters , and    promising to continue Mr. Mr. Obama ’s historic 2008 victory by electing the first female president . " It was on my bucket list , " Ivy Dunn , 69 , said of seeing him    Asked if she thought Mr. Obama be as effective in office , Ms. Dunn paused . Mr. Obama not going to say yes , " she said , " but she ’ll be good . " Mrs. Clinton will need to nurture Mr. Obama and his supporters , particularly after she strayed to the left of his policies during her nominating fight Dunn like the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal and the Keystone XL Pipeline . Dunn majority   —    Dunn percent   —    of Mrs. Clinton of the president , according to a recent Mrs. Clinton poll . As Mr. Mrs. Clinton and Mrs. Clinton touched down Mrs. Clinton the Charlotte Mrs. Clinton , and strode off Air Force One together in a sign of solidarity , a reporter asked John D. Podesta , Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign chairman and a former White House chief of staff to Mr. Obama , whether the F. B. I. announcement overshadowed the rally . He replied with a single word : " Hardly . " 
 a reporter 