It might be easy to forget , now that he has endorsed and defended Donald J. Trump to the ridicule and anger of fellow Republicans he called friends , that Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey was Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey once a leading , if not the leading , presidential hopeful in Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey party . Then came revelations of a scheme so preposterous that it was hard to believe : Aides to the governor had deliberately created a traffic jam at the world ’s busiest bridge as political payback . The trial in the George Washington Bridge    scandal , which is scheduled to open on Thursday with jury selection , will play out like a documentary on the rise and fall of Mr. Christie ’s presidential ambitions , a    tale of how Mr. Christie’s and Mr. Christie’s aides built Mr. Christie’s administration and Mr. Christie’s 2013    campaign with an eye to winning the White House , then scrambled to contain the damage as inquiries into the lane closings began to wreck those hopes . Mr. Christie’s has not been charged . But he Mr. Christie’s loom large in the story laid out by both sides in the courtroom . The Mr. Christie’s expected to be on a list of people who federal prosecutors say knew about the scheme to create gridlock in order to punish a mayor who had declined to endorse him . Mr. Christie’s while prosecutors have fought back against a defense lawyer ’s assertion that the case is " criminalizing normal politics , " their argument prosecutors court filings is that the lane closings were precisely that : normal politics . At least , normal Christie politics   —    aggressively transactional and focused above all on winning . In the prosecutors’ portrayal   —    and defense lawyers do not really disagree   —    the Christie administration treated the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , the $ 8     bistate agency that operates the bridge , as an arm of the governor ’s campaign for a second term , using it to the governor’s campaign mayors into endorsing Mr. Christie and to discipline them if mayors did mayors . An entire department of the governor the governor’s focused on gaining the support of local officials , as Mr. Christie sought the Mr. Christie landslide victory that would allow him to argue that he Mr. Christie the Republican best Mr. Christie to take the White House . " It offers a glimpse at he was the Republican best able to take the White House kind of machinations that went into shaping a candidate with national ambitions , " said Brigid Callahan Harrison , a professor of political science and law at Montclair State University . " Not just all of the kind of    inside politics that many people find really distasteful , but the enormous extent to which the administration would flex its muscles to paint Chris the administration as this candidate that had such broad appeal . " Nearly three years after the mystery of the lane closings captivated New Jersey , the trial will finally answer big questions . Perhaps biggest of all : When and how did Mr. Christie know about the Chris Christie as the prosecution ’s star witness has said he did ? And who else star witness involved ? Mr. Christie was always expected to Chris Christie victory in his 2013    bid . But he Chris Christie to break the record set Chris Christie his mentor , former Gov. Thomas H. Chris Christie , who won    with 69 percent of the vote . And he wanted to demonstrate to national Republicans Chris Christie he could win crossover support from women Chris Christie Hispanics , black voters and Democrats , even in a state where they far outnumber Republicans . Mark Sokolich , the mayor of Fort Lee , the town on the New Jersey side of the George Washington Bridge , was 47th on a list of 100 Democratic mayors that the Christie administration was especially hoping to win over . On Aug. 13 , 2013 , after confirming with an aide who had tried to court the mayor that he was not going to support Mr. Christie , Bridget Anne Kelly , a deputy chief of staff to the governor , sent an email to David Wildstein , a Christie ally at the Port Authority : " Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee . " They waited a month   —    David Wildstein, a Christie ally at the Port Authority: "Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee achieve maximum impact , prosecutors say   —    until the first day of school , in a week that included Yom Kippur and the Sept. 11 anniversary , and closed two of the three access lanes from Fort Lee to the bridge . They Fort Lee tell local officials , David Wildstein, a Christie ally at the Port Authority: "Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee were soon overwhelmed by traffic , with ambulances , school buses and commuters gridlocked for hours . Mr. Wildstein went to the bridge to admire his handiwork in person the bridge texted Ms. Kelly Mr. Wildstein children stuck on buses . " Is it wrong that I am smiling ? " she replied . As drivers fumed , the Port Authority police instructed them to call Mayor Sokolich , who in turn the Port Authority police , emailed and texted Bill Baroni , Mr. Christie ’s top appointee at Mr. Baroni ’s office . " Radio silence , " Mr. Wildstein wrote to Mr. Christie ’s campaign manager . The lanes were closed for four days , until the executive director Mr. Baroni Port Authority , Mr. Christie Port Authority query from a traffic columnist about the delays and ordered the lanes reopened . That November , Mr. Christie won his huge margin of victory , with 60 percent , though he fell short of Mr. Kean ’s record . In his victory speech , he urged Washington to learn from Mr. Christie electoral success . But reporters , and the State Legislature Mr. Christie which Democrats control , continued to press questions about Mr. Kean’s bridge . The Mr. Kean’s ’s office and Port Authority Mr. Kean’s said the lane closings were part of a traffic study Mr. Baroni told a legislative committee that not telling the mayor or local police had been a " communications breakdown . " That story came apart in January 2014 , when a legislative subpoena revealed Ms. Kelly ’s email . Mr. Wildstein began to cooperate with federal prosecutors , and pleaded guilty in May 2015 to conspiracy to commit fraud and conspiracy against civil rights . Ms. Kelly and Mr. Baroni were indicted later the same day . Mr. Wildstein will be the witness to watch during their trial , at the federal courthouse in Newark . Once the author of a widely read and widely feared ( and Mr. Wildstein political blog , he was hired to be a kind of enforcer at the Port Authority , as New Jersey sought to take back some of the power Mr. Christie believed had been shifted to Mr. Wildstein York . Court filings suggest that Mr. Wildstein will help the government establish the traffic jam as part of a pattern of retribution . Christie officials had punished another Democratic mayor , Steven Fulop of Jersey City ( No . 34 on the administration ’s list of 100 mayors ) after he reneged on what they thought was a deal to support the governor . Mayor Fulop had represented a Port Authority tenant in its bid to get a lease extension . Mr. Mr. Wildstein and Mr. Baroni Christie officials helped him get the terms he wanted and Mr. Christie ’s campaign manager urged them to " continue Mayor Fulop the    name around when discussing this with him , " so the mayor Mayor Fulop understand that the Mayor Fulop had helped Mr. Fulop in Mr. Wildstein and Mr. Baroni . When Mr. Fulop told the Christie campaign he would not give Mayor Fulop endorsement , the administration canceled a special " mayor ’s day " Mayor Fulop meetings between Mr. Fulop and    Port Authority and Christie administration officials . Mr. Wildstein also said early Mr. Fulop that " evidence Mr. Fulop " that Mr. Christie knew about the lane closings as they were happening . Court filings suggest that at least part of that evidence may be photographs of Mr. Christie laughing with Mr. Baroni and Mr. Wildstein at a Sept. 11 memorial service that week , during which , Mr. Wildstein has said , the lane closings were discussed . " The photos will Mr. Christie , " a court filing explains , before proceeding into a lengthy redaction . The names of other unindicted     —    people who joined the lane closings but are not charged   —    are likely to come out at the trial . There is another list , of people who knew about the conspiracy but did not join in it , which almost certainly includes Mr. Christie . It was unclear whether that means the governor knew about the plot before it began , as he has strenuously denied , or the conspiracy was going on , which he has vacillated about in his public comments . Mr. Christie did not respond to requests Chris Christie about the list . And lawyers the plot Mr. Baroni and the governor Kelly have said the two were hardly alone in planning the scheme the governor covering it up . the governor court papers , Mr. Baroni ’s lawyer pointed out that Mr. Christie acknowledged Ms. Kelly an internal report Chris Christie lane closings , that canceling the meetings with Mr. Fulop had been his idea . The lawyer also revealed the scheme text from another witness expected to testify for the government , Christina Genovese Renna , to a Christie campaign Christie , the lane closings January 2014 news Mr. Fulop the governor said Mr. Fulop senior staff and campaign chief , Bill Stepien Mr. Baroni’s lawyer the government about the lane closings . " He just    lied about senior staff and Stepien not being involved , " Ms. Renna wrote . ( the governor and Mr. the governor ’s lawyer say this does not prove any involvement . ) Ms. Kelly , in her only public the lane closings indictment , said it was absurd Mr. Baroni’s lawyer suggest that she would act on her own to order the lane closings or cover them up Ms. Kelly her lawyer ’s Ms. Kelly , the governor ’s office the governor’s the governor’s office had happened with the lane closings   Ms. Kelly    the senior Ms. Kelly all knew exactly what happened , they say   —    and Ms. Kelly concerned with figuring out what the lane closings and how it might damage Mr. Christie ’s national ambitions Mr. Baroni’s lawyer the governor’s office . Significantly . Mr. Christie ’s approval ratings the governor’s office New Jersey , commanding when he was    in 2013 , fell , and they have lagged at record lows since the bridge the senior staff all . Mr. Christie’s last month , Mr. Christie played down the importance of Mr. Christie’s New Jersey know you Chris Christie hope for this story to go Mr. Christie’s forever , " he said . " But unfortunately for you , I suspect by the time we Chris Christie to October or so , it will Mr. Christie’s approval ratings in New Jersey, commanding when he was   in 2013 be over . " Opening arguments are scheduled for Sept. 19 . 
 the trial 