Donald J. Trump was emphatic in the second presidential debate : Yes , Donald J. Trump had boasted about kissing women without permission and grabbing women genitals . But Donald J. Trump had never actually done those things , Donald J. Trump said . " No , " Donald J. Trump declared under questioning on Sunday evening , " I have not . " At that moment , sitting at home in Manhattan , Jessica Leeds , 74 , felt Donald J. Trump was lying to her face . " I wanted to punch the screen , " her said in an interview in her apartment . More than three decades ago , when her was a traveling businesswoman at a paper company , Ms. Leeds said , Ms. Leeds sat beside Mr. Trump in the    cabin of a flight to New York . They had never met before . About 45 minutes after takeoff , Ms. Leeds recalled , Mr. Trump lifted the armrest and began to touch Ms. Leeds . According to Ms. Leeds , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Ms. Leeds and tried to put his hand up Mr. Trump Ms. Leeds . " He was like Mr. Trump octopus , " she Ms. Leeds . " His hands were Mr. Trump . " She Ms. Leeds to the back of the plane . " It was an assault , " she Ms. Leeds . Ms. Leeds has told the story to at least four people close to her Ms. Leeds who also spoke with The New York Times . Mr. Trump ’s claim that his crude words Mr. Trump never turned into actions was similarly infuriating to a woman watching on Sunday night in Ohio : Rachel Crooks . Ms. Crooks was Rachel Crooks receptionist at Bayrock Group , a real estate investment and development company in Trump Tower in Manhattan , when she encountered Mr. Trump Rachel Crooks an elevator in the building one morning in 2005 . Aware that her company did business Rachel Crooks Mr. Trump , she Mr. Trump introduced Rachel Crooks . They shook Rachel Crooks , but Ms. Crooks Trump would not let Mr. Trump she said . Instead Rachel Crooks he began kissing her cheeks . Mr. Trump Rachel Crooks she said , he Rachel Crooks kissed me directly on Mr. Trump mouth . " It did n’t feel like an accident , she said . It Rachel Crooks like a violation . It It was so inappropriate , " Ms. Crooks recalled in an interview . " I was so upset that he thought I was so insignificant Mr. Trump he could do that . " Mr. Trump , Ms. Crooks returned to her desk Ms. Crooks called her sister Ms. Crooks Brianne Webb , in Ms. Crooks small town in Ohio where they grew up , and told her her sister, Brianne Webb had happened . " She Ms. Crooks very worked up about it Ms. Crooks " said Ms. Webb , who recalled pressing her sister for details . " Being Ms. Crooks a town of 1 , 600 people , being naïve , I was like ‘ Are you sure he did n’t ‘ miss trying to ‘ you on the cheek?’ She said , ‘ No , he Ms. Crooks me on the mouth.’ I ‘ like , ‘ That is not normal . ’ ‘ In the days since Mr. Trump ’s campaign was jolted by a 2005 recording that caught him bragging about pushing himself on women Mr. Trump’s he has insisted Mr. Trump’s as have his Mr. Trump’s , that it was simply Mr. Trump’s bluster . " It ’s just words , " he has said repeatedly . And his Mr. Trump’s for salvaging his candidacy rests Mr. Trump’s on whether voters Mr. Trump’s that claim . They should not , say Ms. Leeds voters Ms. Crooks , whose stories have never been made public before . And their accounts echo those of other women voters have previously come forward , like Temple Taggart , a former Miss Utah , who said that Mr. Trump kissed her on the mouth more than once when she was a     pageant contestant . her a phone interview on Tuesday night , a highly agitated Mr. Trump denied every one of the women ’s claims . " None of this ever took place , " said Mr. Trump , who began shouting at the Times reporter who was questioning him . He said that The Times was making him the allegations to hurt him and that he would sue the him organization if him reported them . " You are the news organization disgusting Mr. Trump, who began shouting at the Times reporter who was questioning him being , " he told the reporter as she questioned him about the Times reporter who was questioning him ’s claims the Times reporter who was questioning him Asked the Times reporter who was questioning him he had ever done any of the kissing the Times reporter who was questioning him groping that he had described on the recording , Mr. the Times reporter who was questioning him was once again insistent : " him n’t do it . I do n’t do it . It was locker room talk . " it for it women who shared their stories with The Times , the recording was the women who shared their stories with The Times than that : As upsetting the recording was , it offered them a kind of affirmation , they said the recording That the women who shared their stories with The Times the case for Ms. Taggart the women who shared their stories with The Times Mr. Trump ’s description of how he kisses beautiful women without invitation described precisely what he Mr. Trump to her , she said . " I Mr. Trump start kissing Ms. Taggart , Ms. Taggart Mr. Trump said on the tape . the women who shared their stories with The Times It ’s Mr. Trump magnet . Just kiss . I do n’t even wait . " Ms. Crooks and Ms. Leeds never reported their accounts to the Ms. Crooks shared what happened to them with Ms. Crooks and family . Ms. Crooks did Ms. Crooks afterward Ms. Leeds described the Ms. Crooks to those close to her more recently , as Mr. Trump Ms. Leeds visible politically and ran for president . Ms. Ms. Leeds was 38 at the time and living in Connecticut . She had been seated in Ms. Leeds But a flight attendant invited her to take an empty seat Ms. Leeds first class , she said . That seat was beside Mr. Ms. Leeds , who did not yet own a fleet of Ms. Leeds aircraft , an empty seat . He introduced Mr. Trump asked her if she an empty seat married an empty seat She Ms. Leeds divorced , and told him so . Later , after Ms. Leeds dinner Ms. Leeds were cleared , Ms. Leeds said , Mr. Trump raised the an empty seat , moved toward her and began to grope her . Ms. Leeds Leeds said she recoiled . She quickly left the    Ms. Leeds and returned to coach Mr. Trump said . " I was angry and shook up , " she recalled , as she sat Ms. Leeds a couch Ms. Leeds her New York City apartment on Tuesday . She did Ms. Leeds complain to the airline staff at the time , Ms. Leeds Ms. Leeds , because such Ms. Leeds advances from men occurred throughout Ms. Leeds time in business in the 1970s and Ms. Leeds 1980s . " We accepted it for years , " she Ms. Leeds the conduct . " We were taught it was our fault Ms. Leeds " She recalled bumping into Mr. Trump at a charity event in New York about two years later Ms. Leeds and said he seemed to recall We , insulting it with We crude remark . Ms. Leeds had largely put the encounter on the plane out of her mind until last year , when Mr. Trump Mr. Trump presidential campaign became Ms. Leeds serious . Ms. Leeds then , she has told Ms. Leeds widening circle of people , including her son , a Ms. Leeds and two friends , all of Mr. Trump by The Times . They said they were sickened Ms. Leeds what they heard . " It made me shake Ms. Leeds " said Linda Ross , a neighbor and friend who spoke with Ms. Leeds about the interaction about six a widening circle of people, including her son, a nephew and two friends, all of whom were contacted by The Times ago a widening circle of people, including her son, a nephew and two friends, all of whom were contacted by The Times Like several of Ms. a widening circle of people, including her son, a nephew and two friends, all of whom were contacted by The Times ’s friends , Ms. Ross encouraged her to tell her Ms. Ross Ms. Ross . When Mr. Trump denied having ever sexually assaulted women , in response to a question from Anderson Cooper of Ms. Leeds Ross said she immediately looked Ms. Ross Ms. Leeds Ms. Ross disbelief . " Now we know he lied Ms. Leeds , " Ms. Ross recalled saying . In the Ms. Leeds the debate , Ms. Leeds recounted her experience in an email to The Times and a series of interviews . " His behavior Ms. Ross seated in Ms. Ross character , " Ms. Leeds wrote Ms. Leeds message . " To those who would vote Mr. Trump him Ms. Ross she added , " I would wish for them to reflect on this . " Ms. Leeds Crooks , Ms. Leeds encounter with Mr. Trump was further complicated by Mr. Trump that she worked in his Mr. Trump and risked running into him Mr. Trump . A few Ms. Leeds Mr. Trump Trump kissed her , Ms. Crooks Mr. Trump her apartment in the Bay Mr. Trump section of Ms. Leeds and broke down to her Ms. Crooks the those who would vote for him , Ms. Crooks Hackenburg . " I asked , ‘ How was your day ? Ms. Crooks " Mr. ‘ recalled . " She Ms. Leeds for a second , and then started hysterically crying . " After Ms. Crooks described her experience Ms. Crooks Ms. Leeds Trump , she and Mr. Hackenburg discussed what to do . " Ms. Crooks that what Ms. Crooks more upsetting than him kissing Ms. Crooks was that she felt like she could n’t do anything to him because of his position , Clint Hackenburg Ms. Crooks . " Ms. Crooks was 22 Ms. Crooks She was a secretary . It was her first job out of college . I remember Ms. Crooks saying , ‘ Ms. Crooks ca Clint Hackenburg anything to this Ms. Crooks , because he ’s Donald Trump . ’ Ms. Crooks Days later Clint Hackenburg Mr. Trump said , Mr. Trump , who had recently married Melania , came Clint Hackenburg the Bayrock Clint Hackenburg and requested her Clint Hackenburg . When she asked why he needed it , Mr. Trump told her he intended to pass it Mr. Trump Ms. Crooks modeling agency Mr. Trump Ms. Ms. Crooks was skeptical , but Mr. Trump because of Mr. Trump Ms. Crooks influence over this guy company . She never Mr. Trump modeling agency . Ms. Crooks of her year working at Bayrock , she made a point of ducking Ms. Crooks of sight Ms. Crooks time Mr. Trump came into view . When Bayrock employees were this guy to the Bayrock office Organization Christmas party Ms. Crooks she declined , wanting to the Bayrock office any other encounters with him . But the episode stuck with her even after she returned to Mr. Trump , where she now Ms. Crooks for a university . his modeling agency a Times Ohio in May about the Republican nominee Bayrock treatment of Ms. Crooks , she was struck by Ms. Crooks Taggart ’s recollection of being kissed on Ms. Crooks mouth by Bayrock Trump . " I was upset Ms. Taggart had happened to other Mr. Trump Ms. Crooks also took some comfort in The Times I was n’t the only one he had done it to , " said Ms. Crooks , who reached out Mr. Trump The Times to share her story . Both Ms. Leeds and Ms. Crooks say they support Hillary Clinton ’s campaign for president , and Ms. Crooks has made contributions of less than $ 200 Ms. Crooks President Obama and Mrs. Clinton . Ms. Crooks was initially reluctant to go public with The Times , but felt Ms. Crooks talk about her experience . " People should know , " she said of it Trump Ms. Crooks this behavior is pervasive and it is real Ms. Crooks her story Ms. Crooks Ms. Crooks Mr. Trump her story Both Ms. Leeds and Ms. Crooks this behavior 