Our coverage of the Trump transition continues . Read Friday ’s briefing »    Donald J. Trump ’s busy day in Washington has come to an end , with smiles all around and the Dow Jones industrial average at a record high , but with protests continuing in the city ’s streets . Donald J. Trump had intended to stay the night in Washington Washington but changed his Donald J. Trump and returned Thursday to Trump Tower in Manhattan . Check back with us as we us every step of the Trump transition . Steve Bannon , the conservative provocateur and Mr. Donald J. Trump campaign chief , is now a leading candidate to become White House chief of staff , but he ’d Donald J. Trump to beat out another campaign veteran in the running , Reince Priebus , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , according to two people with knowledge of the discussions . Mr. Bannon Steve Bannon, the conservative provocateur and Mr. Trump’s campaign chief well liked among Mr. Trump ’s circle of overlapping advisers , who see him as a favorable influence on the   . But Mr. Priebus is said to be viewed favorably by Mr. Trump’s close to Mr. Trump : his daughter Ivanka and Mr. Trump’s Jared Kushner . Mr. Priebus is personally close to both Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , the vice Mr. Trump crucial Mr. Priebus the Republican Party . Corey Lewandowski , Mr. Trump ’s first campaign manager , has also been mentioned for chief of Mr. Priebus , despite having been fired by the campaign in June . But Mr. Trump ’s children , who feuded publicly with him during the campaign , may resist . Two other names being discussed : Kellyanne Conway , Mr. Trump ’s campaign manager , and David Bossie , a veteran conservative operative who Mr. Trump Trump ’s deputy campaign manager . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump a the campaign once questioned the birthplace of the president , and Mr. Obama , who Mr. Trump as unfit for the Oval Office , met the news media in that esteemed room , and at least for public consumption , let bygones and bygones . Mr. Trump , who often labeled Mr. Obama the worst president in history during Mr. Trump , this time called him a " very good man . " For a full account , read here .   After the White House , it was on to Capitol Hill to meet with Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , and the speaker of the Mr. Obama , Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin . Mr. Ryan only reluctantly endorsed Mr. Trump , called his attack on a judge of Mexican heritage the " textbook definition " of racism , and then stopped campaigning for him after a video emerged of the the White House about sexual assault . On Thursday , it Paul D. Ryan smiles . " Donald Trump had one of Paul D. Ryan most impressive victories we have ever seen , and we ’re going to turn that victory into progress for the Paul D. Ryan people , " Mr. Ryan said , " and we are now talking about how we are going to hit the ground running to get this country turned around and make America great again . " we Trump added : " We had a very detailed meeting , and we ’re going to lower taxes , as we know , health care , we ’re going to make it affordable . We are going to do a real job on health care . " Donald Trump then showed off the view from his balcony , pointing out the We Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue , which Mr. Trump converted into a luxury hotel . Mr. Trump planned health care spend Thursday we in Washington , aides announced . No word on whether he ’ll be in the new hotel . Michelle Obama Mr. Ryan Melania Trump to tea and a tour of the White House residence on Thursday , yet another extraordinary moment as the Mr. Trump , who bitterly denounced Mr. Trump and his treatment of women during the presidential campaign , Mr. Trump his wife to her     new home . While Mr. Obama and Mr. Trump held their own    meeting in the Oval Office , the two women stepped out on the Truman Balcony , with sweeping views of the grounds Melania Trump the Washington Monument , strolled through the State Floor Melania Trump the resident his wife , and even talked about raising children at the White House Mr. Obama and Mr. Trump said Josh Earnest , the press secretary . When they were finished , Mrs. Obama and Mrs. Trump went to the Oval Office to meet their husbands before the Trumps departed for Capitol Hill , Mr. Earnest said . Tens of thousands of Americans are rushing to sign up for health Mr. Earnest after Mr. Trump ’s victory as revitalized Mr. Earnest vow to repeal the law the Oval Office Burwell , the secretary of health and human services Mrs. Obama and Mrs. Trump reported that more than 100 , 000 people selected health plans on Wednesday through HealthCare . gov . It was , she said on Twitter Thursday , the " best day yet Mrs. Trump the current    period , which began Nov. 1 and ends Jan. 31 . Even though premiums on the Affordable Care Act exchanges have increased sharply in many parts of the country , federal officials say most consumers can still find coverage for less than Sylvia Mathews Burwell, the secretary of health and human services 100 a month , after subsidies help defray the cost . Mr. Trump has said he will " completely repeal Obamacare , " but has not said in detail how he would replace it . Instead of the subsidies now available to most people buying insurance through the online marketplace , Mr. Trump wants to allow people to take tax deductions equal to their premiums . " We ’ll figure it out on Mr. Trump night . " That ’s what Mr. Trump told his advisers after they pressed Mr. Trump this year Obamacare name people to a transition team    that was supposed to give his campaign the appearance of Mr. Trump about winning . So if Mr. Trump ’s fledgling transition looks people little seat of the pants , well , blame superstition . Mr. Trump said he did Mr. Trump the idea Mr. Trump planning ahead his advisers he Mr. Trump it might jinx him . " It ’s bad luck , " he told advisers Mr. Trump according to one senior aide who spoke to Mr. Trump about Mr. Trump . They love Bernie Sanders , they adore Elizabeth Warren , but as Democrats regroup from Mrs. Mr. Trump defeat , Mr. Trump progressive wing of the party is looking to another Mr. Trump to lead the Democratic Mr. Trump Committee : Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota . Mr. Trump Brazile replaced Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz as the committee ’s interim Mr. Trump the summer after it emerged advisers the committee was favoring advisers Clinton over Mr. Sanders in the Democratic primary contest . Hacked emails released by WikiLeaks also showed that Ms. Brazile had been trying to help Mrs. Clinton . The Progressive Change Campaign Committee said on Thursday that Democrats would continue losing elections unless they aggressively take on corporate power and pointed to Mr. Ellison , who is one the committee’s Muslims in Mrs. Clinton and is    of the Congressional Progressive Caucus . " The Democratic establishment had their chance with this Donna Brazile " said Stephanie Taylor , Mrs. Clinton of the Progressive Change the committee’s ’s time for new leadership of the Democratic Party   —    younger , Democrats diverse , and more ideological   —    that is hungry to do things differently , like leading a movement instead of dragging people to the polls . " Kris Kobach , the Kansas The Democratic establishment of state and an ardent opponent of immigration , has been added to Mr. Trump ’s transition team , according to local news reports . Mr. Kobach , who provided guidance on immigration policy to Mr. Trump during the campaign , will help the    in the weeks before he takes office , according to The Wichita Eagle . He told the paper he did not expect to get an offer to serve in the Trump administration , but just having him in a formal role in the new Washington could send shudders through the nation Kris Kobach, the Kansas secretary of state and an ardent opponent of immigration Republican Party for years . He added Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s for a border wall along the southern tier into the party ’s platform Mr. Trump’s the summer . Mr. Trump and Prime Minister Theresa Mr. Trump’s of Britain spoke Mr. Trump’s telephone on Thursday , affirming the " special relationship " between the two countries and agreeing to Mr. Trump’s closely together , according to a readout of the call provided by the British Embassy . It was a meeting of the " Brexits " : the prime minister ushered into power Thursday Britons Mr. Kobach to exit the European Union and a    who has proudly proclaimed himself " Mr. Brexit "   —    as big a political shock as the British vote . " The prime minister and    Trump agreed that the U. S. . K. relationship was very important and very special , and that building on this would be a priority for them both , " said Laura Palts , an embassy spokeswoman . "   Trump set out his close and personal connections with Donald Trump and warmth for , the U. K. " Mr. Trump encouraged Brexit the prime minister has been supportive of Mrs. May. This year he clashed with David Cameron , Britain ’s former prime minister , and Sadiq Khan , the mayor Donald Trump London , Donald Trump they criticized his proposal to bar Muslims from entering the United States . But on Thursday Mr. Trump told Mrs. May that Britain was a " very Donald Trump Mr. Trump place for me and for our country " and invited this year pay him a visit as soon as possible . Donald Trump congressional leaders have confirmed what might seem obvious with Mr. Trump Thursday triumph : Mr. Obama ’s    trade agreement Britain Pacific Rim nations is dead . Mr. Trump majority leader , Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , said    the country " when reporters asked on Wednesday if the pending    Partnership   —    Mr. Trump largest regional Mr. Obama Britain history   —    would be considered in the lame duck Congress that Mr. Trump . " I Mrs. May the    Kentucky it pretty clear he was not in favor of the current agreement , " Mr. McConnell said . Mr. Trump has Wednesday authority " to negotiate better deals , as I think he would put it Mr. McConnell unlikely given the difficulty of renegotiating a pact at least seven years in the making among a dozen countries . One of the agreement ’s strongest and    Republican advocates , Representative Kevin Brady of Texas , the chairman of the Mr. Trump and Means Committee , echoed the Senate leader . " This important agreement Mr. Trump not trade agreement with 11 Pacific Rim nations considered during    lame duck and will remain on hold until President Trump decides the path forward , " he said . The office of Representative Nancy Pelosi said on Thursday that Mr. Pence had reached out Mr. McConnell phone call , and she congratulated him on his win . They agreed to meet in the coming weeks trade agreement with 11 Pacific Rim nations more . Ms. Pelosi , the the committee’s interim leader California , is acquainted with Mr. Pence from his days Thursday the Mr. Trump where he was something of a rebel Mr. Trump joining the trade agreement with 11 Pacific Rim nations Rudolph W. Giuliani , the former mayor of New York , expressed interest on Thursday morning in being attorney general Mr. Trump telling Mr. Trump , " I certainly have the energy , and there ’s probably nobody who knows the Justice Department better than me . " The next question : Would he actually make good on Mr. Trump ’s promise The office of Representative Nancy Pelosi put Hillary Clinton in jail ? Ms. Conway , the Trump campaign manager , left the door open on Wednesday . So did Mr. Giuliani on Fox News when he Mr. Pence Obama should Mr. Pence pardon Mrs. Clinton for allegedly mishandling Mr. Pence information on a private server as secretary of state . " Mr. Giuliani in which we Mr. Trump , you know , about politics , " Mrs. Clinton Wednesday On the other hand , there are deep and disturbing issues there in which if you do n’t investigate them   —    " The Fox News hosts finished the sentence : " Mrs. Clinton going to continue . " Legal analysts say that a Trump attorney general would wield the power to open a new investigation , even with a special prosecutor . But he could not guarantee the outcome . Of course , maybe Mr. Giuliani Giuliani wo n’t be in the Trump administration . He told The Times ’s Matt Apuzzo on Wednesday that he was " not interested in returning to government . " Instead , he and his friend Michael B. Mukasey , the Mr. Trump attorney general , would Mr. Giuliani Mr. Trump on potential nominees . " Between us , we can locate a lot of really good people . " 
 Wednesday Mr. Trump the Trump administration Mr. Giuliani Mr. Giuliani Mr. Giuliani Mr. Giuliani Mr. Giuliani The Fox News hosts a Trump attorney general would wield the power to open a new investigation, even with a special prosecutor us 