HONG KONG   —    Facebook rumors force a    politician to publish proof of a   politician heritage . Fake images show a prominent female leader in a hangman ’s noose . A politician ’s aide decries violent crime with a Facebook photo of a girl ’s corpse   —    an image that turns out to come from another country . Another day on social media for Barack Obama , Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump ? Think again . Those incidents took place in Indonesia and the Philippines , where social media ’s outsize place in politics is widely acknowledged , even as that role is coming under sharper criticism in the United States . Well before last week ’s American election threw Facebook ’s status as a    news source into the spotlight , leaders , advocacy groups and minorities worldwide have contended with an onslaught of online misinformation and abuse that has had    political repercussions . And for years , the social network did little to clamp down on the false news . Now Facebook , Google and others have begun to take steps to curb the trend , but some outside the United States say the move is too late . " some outside the United States should have done this way earlier , " said Richard Heydarian , a political analyst in the Philippines , one of Facebook ’s    markets . " Richard Heydarian, a political analyst in the Philippines, one of Facebook already saw the warning signs of this years ago . " On Thursday , President Obama , speaking in Berlin and standing alongside Chancellor Angela Merkel , criticized Facebook and other social media for disseminating fake news . Chancellor Angela Merkel became so impassioned that at one point Chancellor Angela Merkel lost track of the question Chancellor Angela Merkel was answering . " If everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are made , then we wo n’t know what to protect , " Mr. Obama said . The impact of Facebook and other social media platforms on international elections is difficult to quantify . But Facebook global reach   —    roughly a quarter of the world ’s population now has an account   —    is difficult to deny , political experts and academics say . Some governments are pushing back , sometimes with undemocratic consequences . Ms. Merkel has said she Ms. Merkel considering plans to force social networks to make public how they social networks news online . Some African countries have banned the use of Facebook , WhatsApp and Twitter before elections . Indonesia ’s government has closed sites that it Indonesia’s government promote fake news , though experts say some portals were also targeted for political reasons . Facebook Facebook, WhatsApp on Thursday that the social network was a place for people to stay informed and that what people saw in their people feed was overwhelmingly authentic . The Facebook, WhatsApp denied that it failed to deal Facebook, WhatsApp misinformation and said it continues to monitor Facebook, WhatsApp social network so the social network existing standards Facebook, WhatsApp " I think the idea that fake news on Facebook , which is a very small amount of the content , influenced the election in any way   —    I think is a pretty crazy idea , " Mark Zuckerberg , the company ’s chief Facebook, WhatsApp a tech conference days after the American presidential election . " Voters make decisions based on their lived experience . " Facebook ’s power Voters often stronger overseas than it is in the United States . In Facebook’s developing countries with populations new to both democracy and social media , experts said , fake stories can be more widely believed . And in some of these countries , Facebook even offers free smartphone data connections to Facebook public online services , some news sites and Facebook itself   —    but limits access to broader sources that could help debunk fake news . One such place is the Philippines , where a spokesman for its populist president , Rodrigo Duterte , shared Mr. Duterte corpse of a young girl believed to have been raped and killed by a drug dealer . Fact checkers later revealed that the photo had come from Brazil . Despite the debunking , proponents of Mr. Duterte ’s bloody crackdown on reported drug dealers and addicts still cite the image in his defense , according to political analysts . Tens of thousands of Philippine Mr. Duterte users also recently shared a story claiming that NASA had voted Mr. Duterte " the best president in the solar system . " While Mr. Duterte on the Facebook post took it as a joke , some appeared to take it seriously . And an image of Leila de Lima , a local lawmaker it a critic of Mr. Duterte , depicted her facing a hangman ’s noose . " Facebook has n’t led to empowerment of the average citizen , but empowerment of professional propagandists , fringe elements and conspiracy theorists , " said Mr. Heydarian , the Philippines political analyst . " Voices that were lurking in the shadows are now at the center of the public discourse . " In Indonesia , where Facebook is so popular that some people confuse it with the broader internet , the service has considerable sway . When Joko Facebook , Indonesia ’s president , was running for office in 2014 , he was accused Indonesia social media of being a Chinese Christian and a communist Joko Widodo, Indonesia’s president —    severe criticism in the deeply Islamic country . The Indonesian politician released his marriage certificate to prove he was n’t Chinese and Joko Widodo, Indonesia’s president to Mecca just Joko Widodo, Indonesia’s president voting . " The Joko Widodo, Indonesia’s president news had a very big impact in our campaign , " said Tubagus Ramadhan , who helped Mr. Widodo run his social media campaign during the election . The online misinformation has not been limited to Mr. Widodo . In Colombia , Facebook users widely shared a crudely altered photo of a pop singer , Juanes , wearing a    suggesting he opposed a peace deal with the country ’s largest rebel group . On Twitter , a    denied it . Colombia ’s voters narrowly rejected the deal in a referendum last month . While a peace deal with the country’s largest rebel group has Colombia for allowing people in a peace deal with the country’s largest rebel group to tell friends and families they are Facebook , it has also been a conduit for dangerous rumors in those situations . Facebook the height of Facebook Ebola outbreak in 2014 , a false message widely distributed in Sierra Leone on Facebook and WhatsApp , which is owned by the social network , said bathing in hot water with salt would cure and prevent the spread of the virus . Even in    democracies like Germany , Spain and Italy , false news reports and hate speech on social media have whipped up    populist movements , which have often targeted the recent influx of Middle Eastern refugees , to garner wider electoral support . Now , many European politicians are questioning what role social media has had in deciding what voters can and can not see . They also have forced social networks like Facebook , Twitter and Google to sign up for voluntary   many European politicians    so far   —    standards to police hate speech online . In Germany , Ms. Merkel ’s push to require American social network companies to publish how they rank news is intended to give voters greater control over what they read online . " Algorithms American social network companies be more transparent , " Ms. Merkel has said , " voters that interested citizens are also aware of what actually happens with Ms. Merkel’s media behavior and that of others . " Other politicians , often in more recently established democracies interested citizens are going a step further . In some African countries , including Chad and Uganda , officials cite uncorroborated security threats and fears that false results could be shared online as reasons for shutting down social media ahead of elections . Christian Echle , director of the    Africa media program at     a German political foundation , said such actions were    and that social media had played a role in helping voters   —    many located far from urban centers   —    to gain access to    information and interact with political candidates . But , he added , a growing amount of news shared    social media was either false or biased , making    difficult for people in these often fledgling democracies to know which news outlets to trust . " There ’s a big , big threat   —    that social media will deepen existing gaps in these societies , " said Mr. Echle , who is based in Johannesburg . " People are still learning how to use social media , so many can easily fall for hoaxes . " 
 