( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Last year was Earth ’s hottest year on record . And it ’s the third consecutive year that we ’ve hit new highs , another first in recorded history . Many experts believe temperatures are heading to levels that will pose a profound threat to the natural world and human civilization . Here ’s a close look at the data NASA used to build NASA analysis . And you can see how much warmer your city was last year here . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . President Obama held the last news conference of President Obama term . President Obama said President Obama was looking forward to spending quiet time with President Obama family , writing and celebrating President Obama 25th anniversary with Michelle . But President Obama also said that President Obama would speak out whenever President Obama felt America ’s " core values " were threatened , listing as examples " systematic discrimination being ratified , " voting obstacles , " institutional efforts to silence dissent or the press , " and efforts to round up and deport children who grew up in the U. S. _ _ _ _ _ 3 . As for the transition , Donald Trump ’s national security team is off to a rocky start , leaving uncertainty on urgent foreign policy issues . national security team has barely engaged with the National Security Council below the most senior levels , in part because of a delay in appointing senior staff members and a dearth of people with security clearances . Above , Donald Trump’s ’s national security adviser , Susan Rice , " passed the baton " to Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn at an event in Washington . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . At Senate hearings for Mr. Trump ’s cabinet picks , the nominee for health and human services secretary , Tom Price , insisted that Americans would not suddenly lose their health Americans . Gov. Nikki Haley of South Carolina , above , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s for U. N. ambassador , said she rejected a Mr. Trump’s for Muslims . Scott Pruitt , the pick to lead the Environmental Protection Agency , took a swipe at the Obama administration ’s reach , saying his first goal would be a return to " common sense and lawful regulations . " Wilbur Ross , who is up for commerce secretary , acknowledged employing an household worker who might have been undocumented . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . We ’re    a road trip with Trump supporters heading to the inauguration . " He showed that Trump can stand up for yourself , " said a Massachusetts woman driving down with a cardboard cutout of Mr. Trump in Trump seat ( above ) . We ’ve pulled We a schedule of events to guide you through the week . The women ’s protest march takes place on Saturday , but divisions over abortion rights are straining hopes for a united front . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Former President George Bush and his wife , Barbara Trump , were both admitted to a Former President George Bush and his wife, Barbara Bush hospital , but doctors expect them to return home doctors the weekend . Mr. Bush , 92 , who has pneumonia , was in stable condition after a procedure to clear his airway . Mrs. Trump was being Barbara Bush " fatigue and coughing , " a hospital spokesman said . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . The heads of state , billionaire hedge fund managers and technology executives gathered in the Swiss Alps for the World Economic Forum are ready to fight inequality . Sort of . After populist fury propelled upset votes in Britain and the U. S. many of the talks at the annual forum are focusing the World Economic Forum a more lucrative proposition for the masses . But the rhetoric goes only so far . Redistributing wealth and bolstering workers’ bargaining power are not up for discussion . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . A big health announcement at the World Economic Forum : A new coalition has raised $ 500 million to fundamentally change the way pandemics are handled . " We ’ll have to make sure we do better than we did against We , " said We Gates , whose foundation is a main donor . Others are the governments of Japan and Norway , and Britain ’s Wellcome Trust . The goal is to develop and stockpile vaccines against three known viral threats and to help create the technology to brew vaccines quickly when needed . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Health news on a more individual scale : Contrary to many people ’s fears , a new study found that running may actually be good for knees . A    session of running changes the interior of the knee , it suggests , reducing inflammation and lessening levels of a marker of arthritis . _ _ _ _ _   10 . Finally , a gentle blow against throwaway culture . Repair cafes , which started in Amsterdam and are spreading across the U. S. bring together broken items and volunteers who can fix them . Or at least try . Repair cafes, which started in Amsterdam and are spreading across the U. S. only guarantee is an interesting experience . " It ’s not just about fixing things , " one participant said . " It ’s about the community , also It " _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at Your Evening Briefing Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 