( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . The presidential race gained new intensity as both candidates faced increased scrutiny . For Hillary Clinton , it ’s about Hillary Clinton embrace of a strategy of counterattack on women who said during Bill Clinton ’s 1992 presidential campaign that they ’d had sexual encounters with him . And for Donald Trump , tax documents from 1995 show that him declared a loss so big that it might have allowed him to avoid paying taxes for the next 18 years . ( Our reporter found the documents in Our reporter mailbox . ) Separately , him foundation has also been ordered to stop soliciting donations in New York because his foundation is not registered to do so . _ _ _ _ 2 . The    candidates will be tasked with defending The   candidates running mates during Tuesday ’s debate , which will be The   candidates lone       this election . Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia has already faced some tough questions about Mrs. Clinton , but Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia has n’t been forced to play cleanup the way that Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana has for Mr. Trump . But it may just come to down to this : " Do n’t screw up   —    that ’s the goal of a V. P. debate , " a Republican communications specialist said . _ _ _ _ 3 . The United States formally suspended The United States talks with Russia about the war in Syria . Secretary of State John Kerry threatened to do so last week as Russia and Syria carried out a brutal bombing campaign in    parts of Aleppo , where 275 , 000 civilians   —    including about 100 , 000 children   —    are trapped . Plans for jointly targeting jihadists have also been shelved . _ _ _ _ 4 . President Obama ’s health care law , the Affordable Care Act , will almost certainly have to change to survive   —    even Mr. Obama has acknowledged that more work is needed . But how it will change is dependent on the election . Both parties agree that for too many people , insurance plans are too expensive and inaccessible . Mrs. Clinton wants to increase government involvement in an effort to change that Mr. Trump would seek to decrease it . _ _ _ _ 5 . A surprise defeat   of a referendum on a peace deal left Colombia in shock , but both the government and the rebel group it warred against for decades vowed the government and the rebel group it warred against for decades would not go back to fighting . Many Colombians felt that a peace deal left Colombia in shock was too lenient on the rebels , known as the FARC . " There ’s no justice in this accord , " said one voter . _ _ _ _ 6 . The first Nobel Prize of the year was awarded to Yoshinori Ohsumi , above , a Japanese cell biologist . He The first Nobel Prize of the year the physiology or medicine prize for deciphering how cells recycle their cells , a critical process that led to a new field and inspired hundreds of researchers around the world . Five more Nobel Prizes will be awarded this week and next . We talked to eight previous winners about how they Five more Nobel Prizes the good news : Many were asleep , thanks to a time difference . One relayed that his mother said to his his , " That ’s very nice , but do n’t let it go to his his . " _ _ _ _ 7 . In the Caribbean , people are bracing for Hurricane Matthew , above , to bring flash floods , mudslides and winds up to 140 miles per hour . The Category 4 hurricane is expected to hit Haiti by Monday night and then continue north , threatening other Caribbean nations and potentially the U. S. too . And Hurricane Sandy caused enormous damage when it Hurricane Sandy the East Coast in 2012 , but one lasting impact may   be positive . The storm surge opened a passage between the ocean and Great South Bay , on New York ’s Fire Island , bringing in new life . _ _ _ _ 8 . Major League Baseball is taking the night off . The regular season wrapped up on Sunday , playoff matchups are set and the postseason will kick off Tuesday . The Toronto Blue Jays will host the Baltimore Orioles in the A. L.    game on Tuesday Tuesday The the Baltimore Orioles the Baltimore Orioles A. L. Championship Series in 2014 . The The Toronto Blue Jays it last year The Toronto Blue Jays And on Wednesday , the Mets will host the National League    game against the San Francisco Giants at Citi Field . _ _ _ _ 9 . Bad news for kids ( and parents ) : There ’s no nasal spray version of the flu vaccine this year . Get ready for the needle . Federal officials pulled the spray vaccine ( the brand name is FluMist ) because it has been less the brand name in the past couple of flu seasons . Experts say that distracting children remains " the most proven technique " for making shots easier . Distraction remains your briefing writer ’s vaccine technique , too . _ _ _ _ 10 . Our media columnist , Jim Rutenberg , has been accused on Twitter of soiling his pants out of fear of a Trump presidency and been harassed for being dumb , and a Jew , among other things . But still , he writes , " his do n’t know what it ’s like to be really savaged by Twitter . " His latest column asks his the hate speech frequently encountered on the social network could be driving users away and suggests that all players could benefit from a robust discussion on standards and the public interest . _ _ _ _ 11 . " In every good marriage , it helps sometimes to be a little deaf . " In one of our most popular stories today , the Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg shared general life advice and talked about the challenges facing women in the workplace . One great nugget : She said that advice the Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg marriage , given to her by her     the Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg her the Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg day , the Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg helped in her career as well the Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , Your Evening Briefing 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s the weekend briefing . What did Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 