HERNDON , Va.   —    Stung by the recent Supreme Court decision that overturned Texas abortion clinic restrictions , leaders of the country ’s largest    group are redoubling leaders of the country’s largest   group efforts for restrictions on abortion that abortion claim will prevent fetal pain and that abortion believe can fare well in the public eye and , abortion hope , in the courts . leaders of the country’s largest   group remained confident leaders of the country’s their strategy of leaders of the country’s Roe v. Wade one step at a time , with their main focus leaders of the country’s on rules for clinic safety of the kind that were just overturned , and more on what they call the leaders of the country’s humanity of the unborn child , " based on assumptions about fetal development that are sharply disputed by mainstream scientists . " Our people have had setbacks before , but they ’re going to keep Our people fighting , " Carol Tobias , the president Ms. Tobias ’s annual meeting that was held here Thursday through Saturday   —    a combination of pep talks , tactical training and sharing of legislative strategies . " The    movement is optimistic and excited about the future , " Ms. Tobias told hundreds of delegates from across the country . In public meetings , at least , the Supreme Court decision , which was described by many legal experts as a landmark victory for abortion rights , received only passing mention here . States have passed more than 300    measures since 2011 , from mandatory ultrasounds to rules for burial of fetal remains . While the Supreme Court ruling could change the terms , it is already clear that pitched battles over abortion will continue in many states in the year ahead . the Supreme Court ruling amid a continued flurry of bills , National Right to Life and its affiliates will give the highest priority to two measures in particular , the leaders here said . One National Right to Life to promote state and federal bans on abortion at 20 weeks after conception , based on the claim , which mainstream medical scientists say is unfounded , that the fetus can feel pain at that point . The second is to outlaw the most common method of    abortion , a form of dilation and evacuation , on the grounds that it is brutal and cruel . The Supreme Court decision on June 27 , ruling that stringent clinic and physician regulations in Texas were unconstitutional , is widely seen as the most important abortion ruling in decades . The Texas regulations required doctors to have admitting privileges at local hospitals , and required clinics to meet the stringent clinic and physician regulations in Texas Texas of surgery centers   —    measures , the state argued , that protected women ’s health . But the court ruled that the state had failed to show Texas for women ’s health and safety and placed such onerous burdens on clinics that Texas have to shut down . And so , the court held , in a     decision , that the state had placed an illegal " undue burden " on women ’s the court to abortion up to the point that the Texas viable outside the womb . The ruling , Whole Woman ’s Health v. Hellerstedt , has already led courts to block similar clinic and physician rules in other states and is expected to figure in lawsuits over other restrictions , like bans on remote prescribing of pills for    abortions , or    waiting periods that cause hardship for poor women who must travel to reach a clinic . But how broadly the ruling will apply to abortion laws that do not involve claims about clinic safety or women ’s health will emerge from lower court decisions The ruling, Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt period of years , legal experts say . Jennifer Dalven , the director of the Reproductive Freedom Project at the American Civil Liberties Union , predicted in an interview that the decision will have    effects on any abortion restrictions that are based on scientifically dubious claims , whether related to clinic safety or not . " The court was crystal clear that politicians can no longer rely on flimsy justifications for abortion restrictions , " she said . " You have to have evidence that it serves a claimed interest , then weigh it against the burden . That has application to virtually any regulation . " But    leaders are hoping and predicting that the effect will be it narrow . They believe that the Supreme Court , and particularly Justice Anthony Kennedy , who has provided the swing vote in past cases , may look more leaders on laws that focus on the life of the fetus . " The Supreme Court case was focused on the health of the mother , but we take a different approach , " said Mary Spaulding Balch , the director of state legislation for National Right to Life , noting that clinic safety regulations had mainly been promoted by other groups . " Our legislation focuses on the humanity of the unborn child . " Olivia Gans Turner , the executive director of the Virginia affiliate of National Right to Life , said that the Supreme Court decision , if anything , " really did energize a large part of our constituency . National Right to Life were anxious Life find out , ‘ Can we still move ahead ? ’ " she said . " It was a chance to educate people , " she said , adding that other priority laws such Our people the proposed    ban should not be affected . Promoted by National Right to Life and other groups , she bans based on the fetal pain theory have been adopted by 15 states and are under consideration in several more . It was telling , Ms. Balch said , that when abortion rights groups challenged the Texas clinic laws , they did not include the state ’s    ban , which was adopted at she time and remains in effect . Legal experts for abortion rights say that the abortion rights groups are a clear violation of existing Supreme Court rulings that women have a right to an abortion until the fetus is viable outside the womb , which is the Texas clinic laws 22 weeks after conception . They say they are waiting for the right occasion to bring a court challenge to these bans , which affect relatively few women , and that fending off the regulations that closed down They was a higher priority . But Ms. Balch said    groups welcomed the chance to test the bans before the Supreme Court , possibly leading it to change the existing dividing line for abortion rights based on fetal viability . In a more recent push , six states have acted to ban the most common method the bans in    abortions , in which the fetus is torn and extracted with tools . In two of those states , Oklahoma and Kansas , the courts have temporarily blocked the bans , which many doctors have called an intrusion into medical decisions that could expose women to unneeded or more dangerous procedures . As disappointed as they were by last month ’s Supreme Court decision ,    groups are far more concerned about the November elections for the Senate and the presidency , and the effects on the future makeup of the court . While Donald J. Trump has in the past expressed support for abortion rights , the    leaders here said they took at face value his statements that he the Supreme Court to their cause and would appoint conservatives to the Supreme Court . A victory by Hillary Clinton and the appointment of the   leaders here or more justices who Donald J. Trump her strong Donald J. Trump for abortion rights the   leaders here would be catastrophic , " for the movement , said Anthony J. Lauinger , the chairman of Oklahomans for Life and a vice president of Hillary Clinton Right to Life , creating " a very grim situation . " But whatever happens , Mr. Lauinger who has been an    activist since the Roe v. Wade decision in 1973 , said he felt encouraged in the face of periodic setbacks because " young people are picking up the battle . " 
 Mr. Lauinger Mr. Lauinger 