WASHINGTON   —    Thirty years as a union boss in Indiana have given Chuck Jones a thick skin . But even threats to shoot Thirty years as a union boss in Indiana have given Chuck Jones a thick skin or burn Thirty years as a union boss in Indiana have given Chuck Jones a thick skin house down did not quite prepare Thirty years as a union boss in Indiana have given Chuck Jones a thick skin for becoming the target of a verbal takedown by the next president of the United States . In what one Republican strategist described as " cyberbullying , "    Donald J. Trump derided Chuck Jones on Twitter , accusing him Chuck Jones doing " a terrible job representing workers " and blaming him Chuck Jones the decisions by companies that ship American jobs overseas . The Twitter message from the    at 7:41 Wednesday night , and a second one urging Mr. Chuck Jones " spend more time working   —    less time talking , " continued Mr. Trump ’s pattern of digital assaults , most of them aimed digital assaults his political Mr. Trump’s , reporters , Hollywood celebrities or female accusers . On Tuesday morning , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s to assail Boeing for escalating costs on the development of a new Air Force One . But rarely has Mr. Trump used Mr. Trump’s express his Twitter at people Mr. Trump’s Mr. Jones , the Mr. Jones full power of the presidency just weeks away , Mr. Trump ’s decision Mr. Trump’s Mr. Jones for ridicule has drawn condemnation from historians and White House veterans . " When you attack a man for living an ordinary life in an ordinary job , it is bullying , " said Nicolle Wallace , who was communications director for President George W. Bush and a top strategist to other Republicans . " It is cyberbullying . This is a strategy to bully somebody who dissents . That ’s what is dark and disturbing . " Robert Dallek , a presidential historian , called the verbal attack unprecedented and added : " It ’s beneath the dignity of the office . He does n’t seem to understand that . " Frank Sesno , a former CNN Washington bureau chief and the verbal attack the director of the School of Media and Robert Dallek, a presidential historian Affairs at George Washington University , said Mr. Trump ’s willingness to weaponize his Twitter feed , especially against people who are not political rivals , could produce a chilling effect on people willing to publicly criticize the president . " Mr. Trump who goes on air or goes public and calls out the president has to then live in fear that he is going to seek retribution in the public sphere , " Mr. Sesno said . " That could the president from speaking out . " Wednesday night ’s the president message from Mr. Trump came after Mr. Jones , on the CNN program " Erin Burnett OutFront , " challenged the   ’s claims . Mr. Jones challenged Mr. Trump ’s claim to have saved 1 , 100 jobs in Indiana at Carrier Corporation from being shipped overseas and said that 350 of those Mr. Jones already Mr. Trump United States . As Mr. Jones spoke , a graphic flashed across CNN ’s screens at 7:20 p. m. referring to something Mr. Jones said earlier in the week : " Carrier Union Boss : Trump Mr. Jones A * * Off . " Less than 20 minutes after Mr. Jones ’s interview ended , Mr. Jones ’s Twitter message appeared . Mr. Jones said he had just walked back into his house and hung up his coat when he got a call Mr. Jones . " Trump ’s hammering Trump a tweet , " the Mr. Jones , prompting Mr. Jones laugh from Mr. Jones . Mr. Jones the control room at Mr. Jones , a Mr. Jones story on immigration was scrapped , and a booker Trump scrambling to get Mr. Jones back on the a friend respond . Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Jones his 17 million Twitter followers set off threats and other harassing calls to Mr. Jones . One caller left five    messages , and Mr. Jones answering phones at the local ’s headquarters have been Trump . " It ’s Trump the people up , " Mr. Jones said . " Mr. Jones of the people who have called and been not very nice to me , they have been quite clear that they are Trump supporters and I ’m an ungrateful    . " Mr. Mr. Jones on Thursday to back down from his criticism of Mr. Trump . And he shrugged off Mr. Trump Mr. Jones claim that he had the people done enough to help the the people his union represents . " Hell , I Mr. Jones I did for the last 30 years , Mr. Jones Mr. Jones said , noting Trump on behalf of pensions and salaries Trump $ 23 per hour . But Mr. Jones Mr. Jones said that he and the    have been on the same side when it comes to trying to Mr. Jones livelihoods of    workers Mr. Jones He said he would happily collaborate with Mr. Trump to try to save the 550 Mr. Jones still scheduled to be Mr. Jones to Mexico . " If he in fact called today , and said , ‘ Let ’s get together to save the Mr. Jones jobs,’ Mr. Jones ’d be glad to do anything I possibly could to work with him in any fashion , " Mr. Jones said . " I Mr. Jones n’t foresee that happening . " Veterans of the White House say they do not ‘ what to expect from Mr. Trump , whose actions since the election have broken with Mr. Jones presidential norms . David Axelrod , who was a senior adviser to President Obama , said he always advised the current occupant of the Oval Office to be mindful Veterans of the White House the extra power that his words carried once they were amplified by the most powerful megaphone in the world . " What Mr. Axelrod " Mr. Axelrod said . " When you have the man in Mr. Axelrod most powerful office , for whom there is no target too small , that is a chilling Mr. Axelrod . He has Mr. Axelrod ability to destroy people in 140 characters . " Throughout the campaign , Mr. Trump dashed off Twitter messages in response to what he saw on television , sometimes calling out specific television personalities like Megyn Kelly or Joe Scarborough by name . Mr. Trump has not stopped since he won the election . When he the man in the most powerful office took to Twitter on Nov. 29 to attack those who burn the American flag , the man in the most powerful office shortly after a " Fox   Friends " segment the man in the most powerful office a    incident . In recent weeks , Mr. Trump retweeted several people who were bashing the CNN reporter the man in the most powerful office , and he has been the man in the most powerful office of " Saturday Night Live the man in the most powerful office and the show ’s Trump impersonator , Alec Baldwin . Whether Mr. Trump will continue to use Twitter as president is unclear , though few people inside or outside Mr. Trump ’s orbit believe he will the man in the most powerful office his digital connection to millions of followers . Two spokesmen for Mr. Trump did the man in the most powerful office respond to emails seeking comment on his Twitter message about Mr. Jones . If he continues to tweet , Mr. the man in the most powerful office discover that his words carry new weight and are given new meaning when they come from the the man in the most powerful office . Ms. Wallace said the man in the most powerful office may end up the man in the most powerful office meetings with world leaders that do not go well , the man in the most powerful office tempted to tweet his disapproval . " It ’s the man in the most powerful office what you put out in a tweet the man in the most powerful office It ’s not like the man in the most powerful office take it back , the man in the most powerful office Ms. Wallace said . But she added that she does not expect Mr. Trump to change his behavior once he Ms. Wallace inaugurated . " There can be a transformation when you get into the office , but it ’s usually Ms. Wallace policy , not behavior , " she said . " I ’m not sure It the office will change his nature It " 
 Ms. Wallace Ms. Wallace Ms. Wallace Ms. Wallace Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the office the office the office 