" I ’m in the lion ’s den , Trevor . " Tomi Lahren , a     conservative commentator , had left her bubble of more than 4 . 3 million followers on social media last week to appear in front of the progressive , diverse audience that attends the weeknight tapings of " The Daily Show With Trevor Noah " in Manhattan . Before the interview began , Trevor Noah" in Manhattan requested that the studio audience be polite to Ms. Lahren . " Imagine you ’re at Thanksgiving again , and your racist uncle walked in , " he Trevor Noah" in Manhattan . Ms. Ms. Lahren a nightly show , " Tomi , " for The Blaze , a website , TV station and subscription service created by the conservative media personality Glenn Beck . And her reputation Ms. Lahren —    among supporters , detractors and her prodigious Ms. Lahren following   —    has been built on the commentaries with which she closes Ms. Lahren show . A segment from August featuring an incendiary address to the San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick has been watched on Facebook 66 million times . Ms. Lahren criticized Mr. Kaepernick , who had been protesting racial oppression by kneeling during the national anthem before games , pointing at unemployment and homicide rates , and saying that black people should take responsibility for their communities black people run " into the ground . " Ms. Lahren Ms. Lahren been critical of prominent black people like President Obama and Beyoncé in commentaries that have gone viral . During the presidential campaign , she became one Ms. Lahren the most visible young supporters of    Donald J. Trump , saying that she was using Ms. Lahren show to Ms. Lahren for those who live between the coasts and " are too timid or too bashful or too busy to voice their own opinion . " It is an approach that has made her a new Ms. Lahren star , while also drawing the ire of critics who say her commentaries are Ms. Lahren racist . Brendesha Tynes , a professor at the University of Southern California who specializes in addressing social media issues and cyberbullying , initially declined to comment on Ms. Lahren ’s " Daily Show " appearance , saying , " We normalize racism when we give these We a platform . " She later elaborated Ms. Lahren saying Ms. Lahren ’s Ms. Lahren’s sends a signal to our children and the We that facts do n’t matter , that hate is normal . " It is likely that that hate Lahren ’s audience Ms. Lahren’s with Mr. Noah ’s . Ms. Lahren , whose name is pronounced " Tommy , " seemed unfazed during her    conversation on politics and race with Mr. Noah , even as the Mr. Noah and laughed at her . " There were some people her the audience that were just there to the audience , " she said afterward , adding that she her not think she persuaded anyone her attendance with her her . At one point , her compared the Black Lives Matter movement her the Ku Klux Klan . The next day , however , footage from the interview was popular online , prompting headlines like " Trevor Noah Expertly Skewers Conservative Tomi Lahren " from The Huffington Post , and " Trevor Noah Thoughtfully Confronting Tomi Lahren on Racism on ‘ The Daily Show’ Might Be His Best Work Ever " from New York Tomi Lahren . There was speculation that Ms. Lahren and Mr. Noah could develop a friendly sparring relationship Trevor Noah that of Bill O’Reilly and Jon Stewart . Many conservative outlets praised Ms. Lahren ’s appearance . A headline on RedFlagNews . com read " Tomi Lahren Enters the Lion ’s Den , Takes On Trevor Noah on His Own Show . " David Dennis Jr. a Trevor Noah professor at Morehouse College , was disappointed by reactions to the interview . " People talked about it as if they were exchanging ideas and talking about beliefs   People    like they were debating sports , " he said , People that Ms. Lahren ’s words David Dennis Jr. a journalism professor at Morehouse College are literally    to black people . " When she said , for instance , that the Black Ms. Lahren’s Matter movement aimed to murder police officers , " people hear that and they believe that , and they see me as " When she said, for instance, that the Black Lives Matter movement aimed to murder police officers, "people hear that threat , " Mr. " When she said, for instance, that the Black Lives Matter movement aimed to murder police officers, "people hear that said , citing the death of Trayvon Martin . Ms. Lahren has frequently denied being racist . In interviews with The New York Times last week , she condemned the fringe movement known as the    Ms. Lahren espouses white nationalism and    calling it " disgusting , " and said she would never be " an advocate , a Ms. Lahren or an apologist for the K. K. K. or any other hate group . " Ms. Lahren , an only child born and raised in South Dakota by parents from ranching backgrounds , studied broadcast journalism and political science at the University of Nevada , Las Vegas , graduating in 2014 . She started working at The Blaze in October 2015 Ms. Lahren after piquing the network ’s interest with a viral video criticizing President Obama . In the interviews , Ms. Lahren spoke about issues that inspire her . Ms. Lahren numerous military veterans in her family Ms. Lahren she said , including a grandfather who Ms. Lahren a paratrooper Ms. Lahren World War II and an uncle who was awarded the Purple Heart during Vietnam . Ms. Lahren spoke passionately about the hardships of being a Ms. Lahren of being related to one . She does not call herself spiritual   —    " Spiritual Ms. Lahren like you worship Ms. Lahren grass , " she joked   —    but said she believes in God Ms. Lahren prays every night and when she Ms. Lahren , often asking " to be a better person Ms. Lahren " But she also blasted organized religion as being " about hierarchy , Ms. Lahren , control and greed . " Minutes later , she said , " The institution of religion is important . Ms. Lahren She is    and does not object to gay marriage . Ms. Lahren curses regularly , and professes to love junk food and Ms. Lahren rappers Pusha T and Kendrick Lamar . She enjoys argument as sport and , as evidenced by her Ms. Lahren with Mr. Noah , can be a talented sparring Ms. Lahren . She testified to her authenticity   —    " People like Ms. Lahren because I Ms. Lahren real "   —    but said Ms. Lahren Mr. Noah and herself , " We both know that we have to play Ms. Lahren parts . " She mocks liberal We snowflakes " as being overly sensitive to Ms. Lahren but says she is bothered when people use the word " retard . Ms. Lahren Ms. Lahren says she is surprised when she meets black fans Ms. Lahren Tha God Ms. Lahren the host of Ms. Lahren New    radio show " The Breakfast Club , " is friendly with her . He does not think Ms. Lahren is racist , but Ms. Lahren misinformed , " he said Ms. Lahren phone interview . He enjoys her show , he He , identifying with Ms. Lahren ’s He political the New   radio show "The Breakfast Club " He He the importance of Democrats speaking directly to people like her . Still He he said , " I have to remind myself Ms. Lahren some of the rhetoric He puts out there is troubling . " He said that in a Ms. Lahren conversation with Ms. Lahren , he questioned what He saw as her contradictory views . For instance , when He asked why He supported Ms. Lahren Trump , given the bigotry of some of He supporters Ms. Lahren she said that a few bad apples did not represent the Mr. Trump . Ms. Lahren So you have to have that same respect with the Black Lives Matter movement , " Charlamagne recalled telling her . Ms. Lahren said she was an informal adviser to Mr. Trump Ms. Lahren campaign on its use of Ms. Lahren media starting in August , Mr. Trump on the campaign ’s Mr. Trump via Facebook Live broadcasts in the final weeks before Ms. Lahren election . She has about 3 . 5 million followers on Facebook and over 800 , 000 cumulatively Ms. Lahren Twitter and Instagram . She is open to opportunities beyond The Blaze , including any that might involve Mr. Trump Ms. Lahren Mr. Trump ’s team did not respond to a request for comment . While Ms. Lahren Mr. Trump of the radio host Howard Stern and the rapper Eminem , often seems to enjoy causing controversy , at other times she is more conciliatory . She expressed hope that " The Daily Show " would show an unfamiliar the rapper Eminem . " I find the rapper Eminem when people are actually around me , it ’s impossible not to like me , " she said . " People expect me the rapper Eminem be angry , bitter . They expect to me be the rapper Eminem , aggressive . I ’m not . " 
 the rapper Eminem the rapper Eminem People 