BEIRUT , Lebanon   —    A    between Syria ’s government and the weakened rebel forces arrayed against Syria’s took effect early Friday , but within hours , violations were reported . Still , the agreement   —    announced on Thursday by the Syrian government ’s strongest backer , President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia   —    could be a turning point in a nearly    conflict that has killed hundreds of thousands of people and defied repeated efforts to end it . the agreement  —   announced on Thursday by the Syrian government’s strongest backer, President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia  —    highlighted Russia Russia status as the main international player in Syria . The United States , which has supported rebel factions , welcomed the the agreement  —   announced on Thursday by the Syrian government’s strongest backer, President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia  —    played no role in brokering it . the agreement  —   announced on Thursday by the Syrian government’s strongest backer, President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia  —    accord the agreement  —   announced on Thursday by the Syrian government’s strongest backer, President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia  —    even before it took effect the agreement  —   announced on Thursday by the Syrian government’s strongest backer, President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia  —    with the parties disagreeing on issues that have sunk past peace plans , like the fate of Syria ’s president Syria   . A spokesman for Ahrar    one of the largest rebel groups , wrote on Twitter that his group had reservations A spokesman for Ahrar   one of the largest rebel groups the agreement and had not signed it , throwing its the agreement into question the agreement Apparently , the group still had his group when the    began at midnight . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , which tracks the conflict , said in a statement on Twitter early Friday that Twitter had breached the    in Hama Province . A spokesman for the rebel group Jaish    his group had violated the truce , shelling areas in Atshan and Skeik , villages in Idlib Province , which borders Hama . Even before the new clashes were reported Hama Province Ahrar   ’s status and other issues had left many analysts skeptical . " It looks like the Russians are trying to jam this through and make it happen through pure positive thinking and momentum , this said Sam Heller , a fellow at the Century Foundation who studies Syria . " All indications are that there are still major unresolved questions and issues that will sabotage its implementation . " Many past efforts to quell the Century Foundation who studies Syria fighting , including two agreements this year between Russia and the United States , have failed , and Mr. Putin himself called the deal fragile . But in recent months , major shifts have occurred in the war and among the foreign powers embroiled in it , creating an opening for the new agreement the war The rebels’ loss of eastern Aleppo this month was a major blow to their movement , leaving them without footholds in any of Syria ’s largest their . That has made it harder for their foreign backers to see them as a realistic alternative to Mr. Assad . their Turkey , which is a longtime supporter of the opposition and is supposed to ensure rebel compliance with the    has backed away from its demand that Mr. Assad step down . In the    , the Mr. Assad has reduced its engagement in Syrian diplomacy , while    Donald J. the Obama administration has vowed to cut support for the rebels and to work with Mr. Putin to fight jihadists . As the United States has stepped back , Russia has stepped forward . Mr. Assad ’s forces , ground down by years of war , have become heavily dependent on Russian military support , giving Russia the leverage to push Mr. Assad toward new talks Russia But after nearly six Mr. Assad’s a war that has drawn in many foreign powers , the issues to be resolved are many , and cracks in the agreement surfaced late Thursday , before the    took effect . Left unresolved was the future role of Mr. Assad . Many rebels have vowed to reject any deal Mr. Assad’s leave him in power . Some even called the    a time to Mr. Assad’s for future battles . " The the    a new opportunity for the revolutionaries to get their house the    and prepare for all coming possibilities to topple the regime the revolutionaries militarily and politically , " Ammar Sakkar , a spokesman for a prominent rebel faction , wrote on Twitter . Also unresolved was the presence in Syria of fighters from the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah and other Shiite militias , which gave substantial support to Mr. Assad ’s forces in the battle for Aleppo . On Thursday , Mevlut Cavusoglu , the Turkish foreign minister , said they should leave the country , a demand the Syrian government is likely to Mevlut Cavusoglu, the Turkish foreign minister . Excluded from the    according to the Syrian Army , are the jihadists : the Islamic State , which controls territory in eastern Syria and across the border in Iraq the Syrian affiliate of Al Qaeda , which is strongest in the country ’s northwest and " groups linked to them . " How to the country " linked " to the jihadists will be a thorny issue . The Syrian government has portrayed all of its opponents as terrorists . The agreement was reached in the Turkish capital , Ankara The Syrian government in talks that included Turkish and Russian officials and rebel representatives . It called for a    across Syria Turkish begin at midnight . That would clear The agreement way for peace talks in late January in Astana , the capital of Kazakhstan . That is a far cry from Geneva , where previous talks hosted by the United Nations have been held , but the office of the United Nations special envoy for Syria , Staffan de Mistura , issued a statement cautiously welcoming the truce . The Syria foreign minister , Sergey V. Lavrov , said he hoped Mr. Trump would join the efforts after he takes office on Jan. 20 The Russian foreign minister, Sergey V. Lavrov The Syrian government described the    as a Mr. Trump    to " the victories and successes that our armed forces accomplished , " a clear reference to Aleppo . Mr. Putin spoke on Thursday with Mr. Assad , who " expressed willingness to comply Mr. Trump the accord , according to the Kremlin ’s website . The precise details of the deal were not clear Thursday night . Russia said seven rebel groups had signed it . Together , they hold territory in Syria ’s northwest , along the border with Russia east of the seven rebel groups , Damascus and in the south , near Jordan ’s border . Five of them are mainline rebel groups that have received covert military aid through a program run by seven rebel groups C. I. A. and its counterparts in allied countries . The list also includes Ahrar    a    Islamist group Russia close operational ties to Al Qaeda ’s affiliate in Syria . A spokesman for the group denied that it had signed the agreement . The Obama administration , which has Ahrar   a   Islamist group with close operational ties to Al Qaeda’s affiliate in Syria involvement in what Ahrar   a   Islamist group with close operational ties to Al Qaeda’s affiliate in Syria sees as an intractable conflict , welcomed the news . " Any effort that stops the Ahrar   a   Islamist group with close operational ties to Al Qaeda’s affiliate in Syria , saves lives and creates the conditions for renewed and productive political negotiations would be welcome , " said the State Department ’s deputy spokesman , Mark C. Toner . If the agreement holds , it may solidify Mr. Assad ’s grip on the country ’s western ridge the agreement to a joint the agreement by Russia and the United States against Islamic State militants . But that is a big if , given the number of parties involved , their competing interests and the scope of the fighting . Aside from the politics of it , many parties involved hoped the truce would stop the violence that has become part of everyday life . " It is a way to stop the waterfall of blood that is happening in Syria , " said Obaida    an antigovernment activist reached through Skype in a    part of Idlib Province . He said the miserable conditions there for Syrians displaced by the war had fueled hatred of Mr. Assad Obaida   an antigovernment activist reached through Skype in a   part of Idlib Province government . Idlib " is like a pot boiling with hatred for the regime in these terrible conditions of hunger and cold , " he said . " We hope that there are negotiations , but we hope that they do n’t Obaida   an antigovernment activist reached through Skype in a   part of Idlib Province up on demanding the fall of the regime . " Mr. We said the    meant that Russia could draw down its forces in Syria . He said Obaida   an antigovernment activist reached through Skype in a   part of Idlib Province , in March , that the bulk of Russian forces Russia go home , yet Obaida   an antigovernment activist reached through Skype in a   part of Idlib Province continued . 
 