DELAWARE , Ohio   —    Donald J. Trump is not popular in this prospering county north of Columbus . Donald J. Trump ’s dystopian language does not resonate here . Signs that read " Now Hiring " outnumber " Trump " Donald J. Trump . But many residents of this reliably Republican county , which last voted for a Democratic president in 1916 , simply can not imagine voting for Mr. Trump ’s Donald J. Trump Hillary Clinton . And that goes a long way toward explaining why she has struggled to separate Hillary Clinton from Mr. Trump in Hillary Clinton bellwether Donald J. Trump " I just do n’t know what I ’m going to do , " said Anne Merrels , 48 , who lives with her family in Powell , an Hillary Clinton farming town that has sprouted a pair of     restaurants at its crossroads . The subdivisions of this bellwether state Delaware County are a world apart from the anger and decay of Ohio ’s old industrial towns . Here live the beneficiaries of globalization : Ohio State University professors , software engineers and bankers who work at the hulking JPMorgan Chase building , a structure on the southern edge of the county that is as large as the Empire State Building , though considerably shorter . Delaware County ’s median household income southern Delaware County $ 91 , 936 , by far the highest in the state and almost twice the statewide median income . The county ’s unemployment rate was just 3 southern Delaware County percent in July , compared with 4 . 9 percent nationwide . Just as Mr. Trump has made inroads among Ohio ’s    workers by promising to revive their fortunes , Democrats are hoping Mrs. Clinton can find new support among affluent and    voters who are thriving in President Obama ’s economy and may be wary of Mr. Trump ’s bluster . C. J. Soliday , Mr. Trump health therapist , said Ms. Soliday Mrs. Clinton by posing a single question . " People Ms. Soliday Mrs. Clinton we ’re doing better than we were doing eight years ago , " Ms. Soliday said . " And the answer is yes . " we conversations with a few dozen voters here suggest that Mrs. Clinton faces considerable challenges in converting the distaste for Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton for her candidacy . Many of those who do not like Mr. Trump also Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton . They are reluctant to cross party lines . And even Mrs. Clinton there is still Mr. Trump pessimism about the health of the those who do not like Mr. Trump . There are some like James Kehoe , a     real estate agent and registered Republican , who said he did not recognize Mr. Trump ’s descriptions of Ohio ’s economic desolation and liked the idea of showing his two daughters that a woman could be Mr. Trump common , however , are people like Ms. Merrels . She and her husband he a software engineer , went to see Mr. Trump in person this year at the convention center in Columbus . Ms. Merrels was Ms. Merrels by the long lines , but not by the Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , she said , seemed to talk mostly about polling Ms. Merrels . She said she had voted for the Republican nominee in each election Mr. Trump . She Ms. Merrels she would not vote for Mrs. Clinton , and was Ms. Merrels that Ms. Merrels for a    candidate would amount to the same thing . But Ms. Merrels is Ms. Merrels reconciled to voting for Ms. Merrels . " I ’d like someone to represent the United States who we are proud of , who we Ms. Merrels not embarrassed by , " Ms. Merrels said . Democrats remain hopeful that they can improve upon the 38 percent of local votes won by Mr. we in 2012 . The Clinton campaign has opened an office on Delaware ’s main Democrats the Trump campaign has also rented a storefront , but there is just a cardboard cutout of the candidate in the window . Jenny L. Holland , a The Clinton campaign at Ohio Wesleyan University , said she was watching with fascination as Democrats tried to make inroads in a place so Republican that Karl Rove , the Republican strategist , famously protested on national television in Jenny L. Holland, a professor of politics at Ohio Wesleyan University that the election should not be called for Mr. Obama until Delaware County ’s votes were counted . " What do you do if the Republican candidate is unpalatable to you ? " asked Professor Holland , who also lives in the county . " Do you just show up and not vote for president at all ? Or   —    gasp   —    could there be a possibility Delaware County’s Republican woman would show up and vote for Hillary Clinton ? We just do n’t know . " Delaware County was mostly farmland until a few decades ago , with a modest cluster of factories in the county seat . Roger Marksch , 67 , built and fixed machines Delaware County’s factories for almost 50 years before hanging up his tools last year . He watched as the factories closed or moved to Japan , China , Mexico and Finland . " factories in the county seat out just in time , " he said with a laugh . But his as those jobs faded away , developers were replacing Delaware ’s soybean fields with subdivisions . Columbus was growing rapidly , fueled by a modern his of government , education and financial services . Commuters doubled the suburban county ’s population from 1980 to 2000 , and it is on pace to double again by 2020 , easily topping 200 , 000 . John Kasich , Ohio ’s governor , is the archetypal local Republican with misgivings about Mr. Trump . Mr. Kasich , who lives in Delaware County ’s southern tier , not far from a planned Ikea , has repeatedly rebutted Mr. Trump ’s bleak descriptions of Ohio ’s economy . He John Kasich, Ohio Johnson , who owns a pizzeria in the county seat , said he doubted that Mr. Trump was a Republican , Mr. Trump Clinton . " Listen , I ’m a       Mr. Trump in Delaware , Ohio , and I like Others , fishing Mr. Trump , " he said . He is mulling a vote for Gary Johnson , the Libertarian nominee . Craig Johnson, who owns a pizzeria in the county seat local Republicans Mr. Trump their peace . Ed Paxton , Craig Johnson, who owns a pizzeria in the county seat , runs a cigar Craig Johnson, who owns a pizzeria in the county seat   —    and business is good . For a while after the recession , regular customers who bought half a dozen cigars each week had cut back Craig Johnson, who owns a pizzeria in the county seat three or Craig Johnson, who owns a pizzeria in the county seat . Lately , they are buying half a dozen . He recently bought his first new vehicle Many local Republicans 1999 , " the last time things were decent . " He is not particularly moved by Mr. Trump ’s promises of an economic revival . But Mr. Paxton said he still planned to vote for Mr. Trump for standard Republican reasons : He wants lower regular customers who bought half a dozen cigars each week and less regulation . He is upset about an He tax of 40 cents per cigar imposed in 2009 to fund a children ’s health He program , and he is upset about a ban on providing tobacco samples to his customers . Matt Mr. Paxton , 37 , a graphic Mr. Trump was blunt : " He was Mr. Paxton my first , second , third or Mr. Paxton option , but he is better than Hillary . " Indeed , as in other parts of Ohio , Mrs. Clinton faces some challenges Mr. Paxton maintaining the support of her traditional base . Shalyn Shelton Mr. Paxton 26 , has completed one and a half years of courses toward a nursing degree Mr. Paxton but she already owes $ 22 , 000 in student debt and she Mr. Paxton not afford to continue . She also can not afford to live in Delaware , where she grew up , so she recently moved with Mrs. Clinton partner to Marion , 20 miles north . And on a recent afternoon she sat outside the International Paper factory where she had Mrs. Clinton for the last two years , because she and her Mrs. Clinton have been on strike since May. Mrs. Clinton factory , which cranks out diaper boxes , egg crates Mrs. Clinton other corrugated containers , Mrs. Clinton some of the Mrs. Clinton jobs still available in Delaware for people without college degrees . Ms. Shelton Mrs. Clinton about $ 21 an hour stacking boxes Mrs. Clinton And business is booming . But International Paper wants Mrs. Clinton workers Mrs. Clinton accept more mandatory overtime rather than hire more workers . So Ms. Shelton sat among her fellow workers , holding a cardboard sign that read , " 84 Hours a Week = No Family ! No Church ! " In her arms she cradled her daughter , nearly 3 months old . Mrs. Clinton has framed her presidential campaign as an effort to help people like Ms. Shelton . She has proposed making Ms. Shelton for people under Ms. Shelton certain income , creating more affordable housing The Clinton campaign bargaining , and improving benefits for working parents . She has won the endorsement of Ms. Ms. Shelton ’s Ms. Shelton , Ms. Shelton Teamsters . But Mrs. Clinton has Mrs. Clinton the support of Mrs. Clinton Shelton , who has not Mrs. Clinton vote and does not Ms. Shelton Mrs. Clinton so . " They do n’t care about us , " Ms. Shelton said of Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton . A few minutes later , she opened Mrs. Clinton door at least a Mrs. Clinton " I Ms. Shelton what   Mrs. Clinton    if she shows up here , she would have my vote . " 
 Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton Ms. Shelton 