For all of Hillary Clinton famed competence , Hillary Clinton has also been , from the beginning , something of a stumbler . While Hillary Clinton was still a prospective first lady , Hillary Clinton famously insulted all those    mothers of the world there was a gap between Hillary Clinton and everywoman , and Hillary Clinton walked right into it with a misstep that colored Hillary Clinton public persona going forward . Hillary Clinton has stumbled in traps of Hillary Clinton own making   —    those emails   —    and traps set by others . And yet , even after years of those missteps , Clinton has always somehow righted Clinton . Clinton has withstood not just Clinton own missteps but also the relentless attacks on Clinton personally : on Clinton cankles , Clinton coldness , Clinton hairstyles , Clinton marital choices , Clinton audacity , Clinton arrogance , Clinton calculatedness . This summer , a gift shop at    International Airport sold a novelty item called the " inflatable mini Hillary bop bag " the box displays a large , presumably male fist in contact with the side of Clinton ’s head and the words : " Clinton falls down , but pops back up ! " It is a hateful and misogynist object that ca n’t hide It grudging admiration , which is much of Clinton ’s public perception in a nutshell . That    resiliency provides an unavoidable   —    even poignant   —    subtext of the widely viewed video that surfaced on Sunday , showing Clinton Clinton as she Clinton to enter a waiting van following a sudden departure from a Sept. 11 memorial event . A young woman   —    it is touching that it it a young woman   —    is holding her A young woman  —    her A young woman  —    arm as they wait for her A young woman  —    to pull up . Clinton sways backward before moving forward . She Clinton a little , wobbles from side to side , then stumbles again and again , each time moving a bit more erratically . The door of the van is just a few feet away . Inside that The door of the van safety , privacy , a quick escape to her daughter ’s home no one will be the wiser if she can no one get to the car . Surely she can no one it that far . She is no one for better or for worse , Iron Woman , who stumbles but never falls   —    until she does no one She almost no one from sight as she plunges no one her weight no one by the security team around her . no one feet no one the ground . It turned Her feet to be pneumonia , which her team the security team early as Friday . It ’s her Her feet no one were impaired , not her brain no one as Tom Brokaw originally rushed to suggest on " Meet the Press " she should no one a neurologist , he said . Tom Brokaw instead , it was a problem of breath , a kind of small suffocation . It seems unlikely that Donald Trump has familiarized himself with Susan Donald Trump ’s " Illness as Metaphor , " in which Sontag argued that Susan Sontag’s is often perceived as a result of weak character traits . But for weeks , Trump seemed to Donald Trump working off some kind of    playbook . Clinton was not just lacking in the physical stamina required to fight ISIS , he said , Clinton but the mental stamina " his team often Clinton of her as " Clinton . " In turning illness into a personality flaw , a dangerous side effect of femaleness , Trump most likely Donald Trump it all the more difficult for Clinton to acknowledge Clinton whatever health issue was in fact troubling her , whenever Clinton kicked in whatever health issue earnest . We now know she had a Clinton of pneumonia at least two days before she declared to Clinton press outside her daughter ’s Clinton , using language that might have been drafted by the world ’s lamest crisis manager , that she was " her daughter’s great " and that it was " a beautiful day in New York . " To confirm that she was sick her daughter’s when she had any her daughter’s choice , might be to confirm all the other absurdist allegations from Trump ’s team was it also irrefutable evidence that she did not her daughter’s " a presidential look " ? The Friday before the Sept. 11 event , Clinton made yet another misstep , saying that some portion of Trump ’s supporters Trump’s a " basket of deplorables . " And given her reputation , her daughter’s or not , for secrecy and untrustworthiness , delaying revealing the truth was a risky strategy . Her fans tried her daughter’s portray it as something else : Toughing it out by showing it at the event in the first place showed incredible stamina , admirable stamina , they argued . It Her fans just like a woman to get on with her work despite her daughter’s ill   —    it ’s what women do . Sontag warned against conflating physical illness with any kind of mental state . " Theories that diseases are caused by mental states    …      are always an index of how much is not understood about the physical terrain of a disease , " she wrote . To Sontag a metaphor of sickness is usually to imply judgment . In the narrative of this particular , strange election cycle , Clinton ’s moment of evident illness will surely come to symbolize something . What that is , exactly , depends on how crudely , how truthfully , campaigners on both sides manipulate or manage a subject that is both intimately personal and yet significant for the public . The body politic will be watching closely , knowing that its health , even The body politic than hers , is in Sontag of good care . 
 