TAMPA , Fla.   —    Hillary Clinton has vastly outspent Donald J. Trump on TV ads in Florida . Hillary Clinton 57 campaign offices dwarf Donald J. Trump on TV ads in Florida ’s afterthought of a ground game . And Mr. Donald J. Trump on TV ads in Florida deeply unpopular among Hispanics , who account for nearly one in five Florida voters Florida Despite these advantages , Hillary Clinton is struggling in the Sunshine State , unable to assemble the coalition that gave Barack Obama two victories here , and offering Mr. Trump a Donald J. Trump on TV ads in Florida in a road to the White House that not long ago seemed closed to him . Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump on TV ads in Florida pressing Donald J. Trump on TV ads in Florida to win the state , campaigning in Florida Friday and in Fort Myers on Monday , after a rally in Pensacola recently . Recent polls show Mrs. Clinton is not earning the same support among Hispanics , young people or white voters that Mr. Obama captured when he eked out a Florida victory Mr. Obama years ago in the country ’s most    swing state . Mrs. Clinton could afford to lose Mrs. Clinton still find other routes to victory . Mr. Trump ’s electoral map is narrower he must have Florida in his column Mr. Trump’s But as Florida most Mr. Trump’s and one of the most racially diverse battleground states , Florida is also a bellwether for the Florida : a candidate ’s struggles the country are mirrored elsewhere . Polling in swing states that Mrs. Clinton once led , prompting predictions Mrs. Clinton ago of an Election Day romp , now show Mr. Trump closing the gap or slightly ahead , including in Florida , Ohio , North Carolina , Iowa Florida Nevada . " If she underperforms what Obama did in ’12 , Mrs. Clinton ’s not going to carry Florida , Mrs. Clinton said Fernand Amandi , a Florida strategist in Miami . A poll his firm conducted for Univision , released last week Fernand Amandi, a Democratic strategist in Miami showed Mrs. Clinton winning 53 percent of Florida Hispanics , compared with the 60 percent who voted for Mr. Obama four years ago . After several weeks Obama Mr. Trump attempted to sand off some of his rough edges and attacked Mrs. Clinton for portraying half Mr. Trump supporters as " deplorables Mrs. Clinton the share of Florida Mr. Trump who view the candidates unfavorably is now the same for Mr. Trump as for Mrs. Clinton , according to a    Mr. Trump In Miami Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Trump said Mrs. Clinton ’s bodyguards should disarm and " see what Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton a comment that could renew voters’ doubts about his fitness for Mrs. Clinton presidency . The Clinton campaign maintains it always expected the Florida race voters’ be tight . " Mrs. Clinton months before the election The Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton is within a couple of points of where President Obama ended on Mrs. Clinton with Hispanic voters , while Donald Trump has been drastically underperforming Romney by 10 points or more , " John Anzalone , Mrs. Clinton ’s pollster for Florida , said in a statement . With 20 million people and 10 major media markets , Florida is a place of vast diversity and contrasts that is a challenging puzzle for any statewide Florida . The traditional playbook has been for Democrats to run up the score in South Florida , with its large nonwhite population , and for Republicans to rack up votes in the conservative panhandle . Florida leaves Central Florida , and especially Tampa on the Gulf Coast , as one of the state ’s most contested swing areas . The booming region has the largest share of registered Central Florida , with one in four voters in Hillsborough County , which includes Tampa , registered as independents . " The old saying is : ‘ As goes Hillsborough County , Tampa goes Florida,’ " said Susan MacManus , a political scientist at the University of South Florida in Tampa . Within this swing region , an epicenter of swing voters is the explosively growing New Tampa Tampa It is a community of affordable subdivisions reached by grandiose landscaped entrances off a    highway , attracting an epicenter of swing voters professionals with families . In interviews , undecided voters there seemed uncertain if they would cast ballots at all . Kish Nathan , 45 , a computer professional born in India undecided voters there voted for Mr. Obama four years ago . He has ruled out Mr. Trump , but is unenthusiastic about Mrs. Clinton . " I might not Mr. Obama vote , " he said . Leo Lewis , 51 , was reading political news on a laptop outside a Starbucks Mr. Obama Mr. Trump scares him , Mr. Lewis said . Mrs. Clinton , he believes , is dissembling about Mr. Trump . He Mr. Trump too Leo Lewis considering sitting Mrs. Clinton election Mr. Trump " The world has gotten so Mrs. Clinton no Mr. Trump what you do , no one ’s going to fix it , " he said . Some strategists believe the pool of persuadable voters this year is shallower than in the the election Mr. Trump which may explain why the tens of millions in TV ads run by Mrs. Clinton and her allies in the state have failed to give her a noticeable advantage . ( Mr. Trump and outside supporters Mrs. Clinton spent about $ 8 million . ) Representative Mrs. Clinton L. Hastings , Democrat of Florida , said recently that the Clinton advertising push was a failure . " Mr. Hastings I ’ll produce more votes for you than a damn television ad , " Mr. Hastings told a meeting of Democrats , Mr. Hastings that television does not reach young voters . Mrs. Clinton ’s bulwark is her vast organizing effort , currently focused on registering new voters and signing up volunteers . But Republicans have not been idle : Clinton for the Republican National Clinton and state party have cut the Democrats’ advantage with registered voters in half since 2012 . It is now just 258 , 000 active voters . The Florida Democratic Party pointed out that of the 146 , 000 newly registered Hispanic voters this year , only 15 percent are Republicans . " I want to make sure I give my vote to Hillary , " said Valesca Barilles , who registered for the first time with a Clinton volunteer outside a Dollar Tree store in Tampa last week . Born in Honduras , Ms. Barilles , an assistant bank branch manager , said of Mr. Trump , " I love the U. S. A. and I do n’t think we need someone to come and ruin it . " After poor    efforts during the primaries , Mr. Trump seems to be belatedly getting a ground game together . When he spoke in Pensacola , where the crowd was asked to text " Trump " to a Mr. Trump some 3 , 500 followed up on a reply message about how Mr. Trump check their voter registration , according to the campaign , and 1 , 400 signed up to volunteer . " There is an army of R. N. C. volunteers and Trump volunteers the crowd every part of this state every day , " said Susan Wiles , Mr. Trump ’s state director . Mr. Trump must find a way to turn out a wave of white supporters who are infrequent voters . The campaign concedes that Mitt Romney ’s field staff members four years Mr. Trump’s conventional white turnout in Florida about as high as possible . In this state of    contests the campaign small demographic shift is closely watched . Mr. Obama won 37 percent of the state ’s white vote in 2012 . Mrs. Clinton is falling short of that number in     polls with Mr. Trump . " If she ’s getting 34 , 33 , 35 among whites in Florida , I ’m going to start to buy a lot of antacids , " said Steve Schale , who ran Mr. Mrs. Clinton ’s Florida race in 2008 and was a senior adviser in 2012 . Mrs. Clinton could make up for the erosion among whites by gaining with Hispanic voters . But so far , polls Florida Mrs. Clinton falling short of Mr. Obama ’s 60 percent share Mrs. Clinton Hispanics in 2012 . " Against the candidate perceived to be the most hostile to Hispanic voters in modern presidential politics Mrs. Clinton is she not exceeding where Barack Obama was ? " Mr. Amandi , the Miami pollster , asked . He criticized the Clinton campaign for beginning    advertising only this month and for not doing a Mrs. Clinton during the general Mr. Obama with either Univision or Telemundo . " I think it ’s too early Mr. Obama hit Mrs. Clinton panic button , but if these numbers by    are n’t at or slightly above where Obama was , there ’s reason to be concerned , " he said . " She ’s going to need all these votes to carry Florida . " And Florida , he added , " is the whole enchilada . " 
 Obama Obama Obama Florida 