Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : • A deal to end the brutal assaults on the Syrian city of Aleppo fell through and artillery shelling resumed . It was the latest bitter whiplash for the thousands of civilians and medical staff members unable to flee the Syrian city of Aleppo for territory held by the    government . A nurse said he hoped A nurse world would hear " our final scream . " _ _ _ _ _ • President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines , whose antidrug campaign has left more than 3 , 000 people dead , made some of his most whose antidrug campaign comments to date . In his years whose antidrug campaign the mayor of the city of Davao , he said whose antidrug campaign he would whose antidrug campaign on a motorcycle , " looking for a confrontation , so I could kill , " he told whose antidrug campaign Manila newspaper . Killing suspects " personally , " he said whose antidrug campaign helped goad police officers   —    " just to show to the guys that if I can do it , why ca n’t you ? " _ _ _ _ _ • Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan welcomes President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia for two days of talks , hoping for progress in a    territorial dispute . The meetings come against a backdrop of uncertainty in relations between the U. S. and China , and tensions over the evidence of Russian interference in the U. the U. S. behalf of    Donald J. Trump . The top U. S. commander in the     Adm. Harry B. Harris Jr. speaking in Sydney , acknowledged threats from China , ISIS , China Korea and Russia , pledged continued commitment to the region and signed a deal to fly    Raptor jets from the city of Darwin . _ _ _ _ _ • The Federal Reserve , citing the steady growth of the American economy , raised its benchmark interest rate The Federal Reserve , just the second increase since the global economic crisis of 2008 . U. S. stocks rose briefly , and then slid as investors appeared to realize that the Fed was likely to be leaning against growth and inflation in the future . Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . _ _ _ _ _ • As part of his campaign to stimulate the economy , Mr. Trump and three of his children met with his leaders of the world ’s most elite and successful technology companies : Apple , Alphabet , Facebook , Amazon , Microsoft , Tesla and others . Before reporters were ushered out of the room , he said , " I ’m here to help you folks do well , " adding , " And you ’re doing well right now and I ’m very honored by ’m bounce . " _ _ _ _ _ • " Can an American Dream sick with the American Disease last for long ? " China ’s state media outlets are having a field day since Mr. Trump ’s election , depicting a nation blighted by corruption , social and political polarization , reckless debt and a weak news media . _ _ _ _ _ • Yahoo disclosed that 1 billion user accounts were hacked in 2013 and sensitive information may have been stolen , the second major breach the company has disclosed Yahoo ’s how you can protect yourself . • Japan removed a longstanding prohibition against gambling , amid projections of a $ 40 billion a year industry . " Japan is seen as the Japan jewel of Asian gaming development outside of Macau , " an analyst said . • A giant American private equity group , Kohlberg Kravis Roberts , is among a group of investors offering $ 5 . 5 billion for Tatts Group , the Australian gambling operator . Tatts shares jumped on anticipation of a bidding war . • Meitu , best known for an app that beautifies selfies , begins trading in Hong Kong with a valuation in the vicinity of $ 5 billion , offering a gauge of international interest in Chinese   . • Amazon announced its first delivery by drone Amazon an Amazon Fire streaming device and popcorn flown two miles from an English warehouse to a customer identified as Richard B. Aviation rules ( and weather ) still bar easy expansion . • Nintendo ’s Mario goes mobile . The beloved plumber will be available on mobile devices in Super Mario Run , $ 9 . 99 for full access to the game . • The U. S. blocked an arms deal to Saudi Arabia over concerns about civilian casualties in Yemen . [ The New York Times ] • The Pentagon tightened rules on combat for the second time this year , aiming to increase protections for civilians . [ The New York Times [The New York Times] • The New York Times $ 200 million in spending over and above the service contracts for military bases . [ Sydney Morning Herald ] • Japanese officials pushed the U. S. military to ground its troubled    Osprey aircraft after one crashed off Okinawa . [ Asahi Shimbun the U. S. military • India ’s demonetization is having a disastrous effect on Nepal ’s already sagging economy . [ Reuters ] • Women from Cambodia , Myanmar and Laos account for almost 40 percent of the migrant construction workers in Thailand . [ Associated Press ] • French terrorism suspects were    men in their 30s with no warning signs of radicalization . [ The New York Times French terrorism suspects • A wave more than 62 feet high was detected between Iceland and the United Kingdom , the World Meteorological Organization said . [ BBC ] • A visitor to Japan ponders what lessons the U. S. might take from a work culture that weathered long years of a painfully damaged economy without unleashing destabilizing resentment . • Al Franken , a Democratic senator who once made a living satirizing politicians • envisions an unfunny future under the Trump administration . • And meet the Michael Jordan of darts . Michael van Gerwen , a • Dutchman , has won 25 tournaments this year and has been ranked No . 1 since 2014 . Even so , he still has something to prove . The death of John Glenn has resurfaced Michael van Gerwen, a    Dutchman of his famous orbit of Earth in 1962 . Back then , there was n’t John Glenn debris to block his view or threaten his spacecraft . Not so anymore . Humans have created John Glenn of pieces of John Glenn " space junk " during the past 60 years of space exploration . While most are less than 10 centimeters in diameter , even tiny objects can threaten spacecrafts and communications satellites . " Going at 17 , 500 miles per hour , a little marble can wipe out a space station , " said John Crassidis , an University at Buffalo engineering professor . When bits of junk Dr. Crassidis debris . Adding to the clutter are the abundance of satellites technology companies are launching Dr. Crassidis days . NASA has called for stronger international regulations . " It ’s a political mess , " Dr. Crassidis said . Japan , though , is stepping forward to confront the challenge . Last week its national space agency launched a spacecraft featuring a    cable that can safely guide debris into Earth ’s atmosphere . If NASA mission works , it could lead to more innovative approaches , like one a Japanese entrepreneur , above , recently discussed with The Times . the mission wants his company to be the leader in extraterrestrial trash collection . Its slogan : Space Sweepers . Giovanni Russonello contributed reporting . He _ _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday his company . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 