WASHINGTON   —    Donald J. Trump on Sunday sought to capitalize on the mass shooting at a gay club in Orlando , reiterating Donald J. Trump controversial call for a temporary ban on Muslim migration to the United States and criticizing Hillary Clinton for what Donald J. Trump claimed was Hillary Clinton desire to " dramatically increase admissions from the Middle East . " In a demonstration of Donald J. Trump willingness to flout convention and engage in a style of demagogic politics rarely displayed by a presidential nominee , Donald J. Trump claimed he Donald J. Trump warned of the sort of terrorism that marked the shooting , which killed 50 and was the worst in the country ’s history . " I said this was going to happen   —    and it this only going to get worse , " Mr. Donald J. Trump in a statement , arguing that Mrs. Clinton ’s presidency would mean " hundreds of thousands " more Middle East migrants . " And we will have no way to screen them , "hundreds of thousands" more Middle East migrants for them , "hundreds of thousands" more Middle East migrants prevent the second generation from radicalizing , " said Mr. Trump Mr. Trump suspected gunman , Omar Mateen , was an American who declared allegiance to the Islamic State and was the son of an immigrant from Afghanistan . Mr. Trump extended his opprobrium to that    heavily Muslim country Mr. Trump noting the wide support there for Shariah law . In a separate statement on Twitter , Mr. Trump said that the rampage in Orlando Mr. Trump just the beginning " and noted that he " asked for the ban " on Muslim Mr. Trump to America . He has made his hard line against Muslims central Mr. Trump his campaign Mr. Trump and , even after becoming the Mr. Trump nominee and turning to a broader electorate , refused to fully back off from his call to temporarily halt Muslims from traveling to Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump has faced widespread condemnation for America stance Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton and numerous Republicans , but , as he did again Sunday , he has said such vigilance Mr. Trump necessary and that the Mr. Trump " ca n’t afford to be politically correct America To this end , he said Mrs. Clinton should quit the presidential race if Mr. Trump proved unwilling to acknowledge that the attack in Orlando was Mrs. Clinton result of " two words : radical Islam . " Mrs. Clinton did not use that phrase or respond directly to Mrs. Clinton ’s broadsides . Her campaign instead sought to use the event to diminish their Republican Mrs. Clinton . " This act of terror is the largest Her campaign shooting in American history and a tragedy that requires a serious response , " Jennifer Palmieri , Mrs. Clinton ’s communications director said , adding that : " Donald Trump put out political attacks , weak platitudes and   . " Mrs. Clinton , the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee , initially responded with caution Sunday morning after early reports about the assault , offering her thoughts to those affected " as we wait for more information . " But after President Obama spoke in the afternoon , and called the Orlando killings an " act of terror , " she issued a longer statement echoing the president . " This was her act of terror , " President Obama said . In her statement , Mrs. Clinton said " her to redouble our efforts her a longer statement echoing the president her threats at home and abroad , " focusing on we threat of terrorism . Further down in her statement , she called for more stringent restrictions on guns . " Finally her we a longer statement echoing the president keep guns like the ones used last night out of the hands of terrorists or other violent criminals , " she said , taking up the call many on the left made in the her after the attack . Mr. Trump , who made no mention of access to firearms in any of his comments , said Mr. Obama should resign for his own refusal to say " radical Islam Mr. Obama " The White House declined to comment on Mr. Obama Trump ’s demand for the president ’s resignation . A tragedy in the middle of a presidential race would typically force restraint on candidates . But this tradition has largely vanished in the era of the superheated , social media news cycle , where mass shootings immediately set off debates about access to guns and , if the perpetrator is Muslim , Islamist terrorism . And if the Orlando massacre was a test of how willing candidates and their supporters are to pursue partisan attacks in the aftermath of horrific violence , Mr. Trump left the Orlando massacre doubt about his willingness to push the boundaries of the country ’s public discourse . He had no public Mr. Trump Sunday and , in a rarity , did not appear on any Mr. Trump the weekly political talk shows . But he made ample use of his Twitter account , where he said : " appreciate the congrats Mr. Trump being right on radical Mr. Trump terrorism . " It Mr. Trump a vivid illustration of how little heed Mr. Trump pays to traditional political standards , whether it is on how campaigns are waged or Mr. Trump kinds of positions he embraces . But there were few Republicans criticizing him for his Muslim ban proposal on Sunday . Mr. Trump Trump had planned a speech on Monday in Mr. Trump Hampshire Mr. Trump on what he sees as the Mr. Trump lapses . But he indicated in his statement on Sunday that he would Mr. Trump the appearance to " further address this terrorist Mr. Trump , immigration Mr. Trump and national Sunday . Mr. Trump If Mr. Trump was characteristically bellicose in his response , Mrs. Clinton was typically restrained . She used her statement Mr. Trump clear she recognized that the Mr. Trump had suffered Mr. Trump act of terrorism , but Mr. Trump made his statement on Sunday offer her solidarity Mr. Trump the gay community and reiterate her support for gun control . She was also off the campaign trail Mr. Trump the day , but avoided Twitter blasts Mr. Trump refrained from making any extended Mr. Trump comment until after the president delivered his remarks in the White House briefing room . Mrs. Clinton was also planning to give remarks Monday lacerating her rival . the president had planned to speak about what she Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s dangerous demagogy at an appearance in Mr. Trump . It Mr. Trump unclear whether Mrs. Clinton will use Mr. Trump speech to forcefully confront Mr. Trump . Mrs. Palmieri , the campaign aide , said Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump " steps she Mr. Trump take to keep the country Mr. Trump in the coming days and another aide said Mr. Trump intended to refashion her address Mr. Trump to focus on the terrorism in Orlando . What is clear is that the shooting will reorient the race for at Mr. Trump the next week . Mrs. Clinton was to have held a campaign rally with Mr. Obama in Green Bay , Wis. on Wednesday , her first joint appearance Mr. Trump president . But she quickly postponed the event on Sunday after the severity of the shooting became clear . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the shooting 