WASHINGTON   —    Representative Mike Pompeo was once pointedly asked why Representative Mike Pompeo committee ’s inquiry into the 2012 attacks on the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , had dragged on longer than the Watergate investigation . Representative Mike Pompeo did not flinch . " This is worse , in some ways , " Representative Mike Pompeo said , during an appearance on " Meet the Press " in late 2015 . A sharp , pugnacious Kansas congressman and former Army tank officer with degrees from West Point and Harvard , Representative Mike Pompeo was often an unyielding critic of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton   —    accusing her former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton   orchestrating a      of the Benghazi attacks . On Friday ,    Donald J. Trump , who defeated Mrs. Clinton after a bitter campaign , selected Mr. Representative Mike Pompeo run the Central Intelligence Agency . If confirmed by the Senate , Mr. Pompeo Representative Mike Pompeo one of the most overtly partisan figures to take over the C. I. A.   —    a spy agency that , at least publicly , is supposed to operate above politics and avoid a direct role in policy making . At the same time , the C. I. A. has been central to America ’s secret wars waged in the years since the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , giving the agency a shadow role in the counterterrorism policy of the past two presidents . As a member of the House Intelligence Committee , Mr. Pompeo ( pronounced    ) has used his platform to Mr. Pompeo (pronounced   ) efforts in recent years to rein in some of the most polarizing counterterrorism programs of the   . 11 era . He has advocated Mr. Pompeo (pronounced   ) return to the bulk collection of Americans’ domestic calling records   —    which Congress restricted though legislation last year   —    and he has denounced Mr. Pompeo (pronounced   ) Obama ’s decision in 2009 to close C. I. A.    prisons and also to require government interrogators to strictly adhere to the rules of the Army Field Manual . After a visit to the military prison at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , in 2013 , he told a Mr. Pompeo (pronounced   ) committee that a hunger strike by detainees was a " political stunt . " On Friday , some lawmakers   —    even Democrats   —    complimented Mr. Pompeo ’s work ethic and grasp of policy details . Representative Adam B. Schiff of California , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , praised Mr. Pompeo as Mr. Pompeo’s and   . " " While we have had our share of strong we   —    principally on the politicization of the tragedy in Benghazi   —    I know that he is someone who Mr. Schiff willing to listen and engage , both key qualities in a C. I. A. director , " Mr. Schiff said . It appears that Mr. Pompeo ’s role in the Benghazi inquiry was a Benghazi factor in Mr. Trump ’s decision to select him to lead the Mr. Trump’s I. A. Some members of the   ’s transition team viewed a competing candidate for the position , former Representative Mike Rogers of Michigan , as " soft " on Benghazi because Mr. Rogers Benghazi as Mr. Pompeo Mr. Pompeo ’s relentless questioning of Mrs. Clinton during her October 2015 appearance before the House Select Committee on Benghazi raised his profile in Republican circles . When the committee concluded its work Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Mrs. Clinton ’s position on Mrs. Clinton ’s role was an outlier Mr. Pompeo from most of his Republican colleagues . the House Select Committee on Benghazi committee found the House Select Committee on Benghazi new evidence Mr. Pompeo by the Obama administration or Mrs. Clinton but Mr. Pompeo and another Republican member Mr. Pompeo the committee , Representative Jim Jordan of the House Select Committee on Benghazi they were convinced that there had been a   . When the committee released its findings in June , Mr. Pompeo and Mr. Jordan filed a    addendum that said the attacks showed the Mr. Pompeo and another Republican member of the committee, Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio Department was " seemingly more concerned with politics and Secretary the House Select Committee on Benghazi legacy than the House Select Committee on Benghazi protecting its people in Mr. Pompeo and another Republican member of the committee, Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio of the select committee , Representative Trey Gowdy , Republican of South Carolina , did not put his name on the addendum . After graduating first in his class at West ’s legacy than with protecting its people in Benghazi , Mr. Pompeo served as an armored Cavalry officer and was deployed in Germany during the final years of the Cold War . After The chairman of the select committee, Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina the Army a   addendum that said the attacks showed the State Department was "seemingly more concerned with politics and Secretary Clinton attended Harvard Law School and was The chairman of the select committee, Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina editor of the Harvard Law The chairman of the select committee, Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina He arrived in Congress in 2011 , after a sometimes bitter campaign against Raj Goyle , a Democratic state representative . During the campaign , one The chairman of the select committee, Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina Mr. Pompeo ’s aides promoted an article on Twitter that referred to Mr. Goyle The chairman of the select committee, Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina an    as a " Turban Topper . " In an interview Mr. Goyle Pompeo personally a sometimes bitter campaign against Raj Goyle, a Democratic state representative him for the incident , but that the campaign staff member was never fired . " As we are entering an era where relations with Muslim and minority communities in America are extremely sensitive , his record and his approach should be scrutinized Mr. Pompeo’s confirmation hearing , " Mr. Pompeo’s Goyle said . Mr. Pompeo has close ties to Charles G. and David H. Koch , the billionaire conservatives who are among the most significant activists in financing Republican candidates nationwide . Their company Mr. Pompeo’s Koch Industries Mr. Pompeo’s and its employees have contributed $ 357 , 000 to Mr. Pompeo’s since 2009 . He has common cause with many senior Republican lawmakers on a range of issues , including a distaste for the agreement the United States and five world powers struck close ties to Charles G. and David H. Koch, the billionaire conservatives who are among the most significant activists in financing Republican candidates nationwide Iran in 2015 to significantly limit close ties to Charles G. and David H. Koch, the billionaire conservatives who are among the most significant activists in financing Republican candidates nationwide ’s nuclear ability for more than a decade Mr. Pompeo for lifting international oil Mr. Pompeo financial sanctions . In an    this summer on the Fox News website , Mr. Pompeo wrote that the United States should " walk away from this deal . " Indeed , some members of the transition team pushed for Mr. Pompeo because they believe that picking an incumbent lawmaker would help foster better relations between Congress and the intelligence agencies . Representative Devin Nunes , Republican of California the United States chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , said in a statement Friday that Mr. Pompeo " will undoubtedly develop a close Mr. Pompeo with Congress some members of the transition team his new post . " But some Senate Democrats indicated that Mr. Pompeo could face a difficult confirmation hearing , citing some of his past comments , particularly his praise for the C. I. A. ’s former detention and interrogation program Mr. Pompeo program " was ineffective , it was brutal and it Congress in Mr. Pompeo violation of American values , " Senator Dianne Feinstein , Mr. Pompeo California , said in a statement . " We can never Mr. Pompeo to that dark time Mr. Pompeo " Ms. Feinstein , a member of the Intelligence Committee , led an former detention and interrogation program the C. I. A. ’s former detention and interrogation program that produced a former detention and interrogation program report   —    most of which remains classified . In her statement , she said she planned " to speak with Congressman Pompeo about this issue during his confirmation process . " 
 a statement her her Congressman Pompeo 