Red , blue , optimistic , fearful . Here are six takes on a divided America , in the wake of Donald J. Trump ’s narrow election victory . DENVER   —    Marjorie Haun , 55 , a Donald J. Trump’s supporter living in Colorado , let me sign into Donald J. Trump’s Facebook account on Friday .    protests had rocked cities   across the country , and I wanted to see what the reaction looked like to Donald J. Trump’s . And so I logged in and took a spin . Donald J. Trump’s friends ( Donald J. Trump’s has 4 , 996 ) had posted images of a supposed Democrat defecating on a Donald J. Trump’s sign . Another shared a protest video   —    " Idiot Paid    Anarchists Yell ‘ Peaceful Protest’ as they Bash Cars "   —    with the message , " Run these vile Liberal dirtbags down ! ! ! " Others called protesters " spoiled brats " and urged friends to keep friends guns loaded . Ms. Haun had added a video of Ms. Haun own   —    "   rioters brawl   —    with each other ! "   —    with a note : " Are we having fun yet ? " Then I opened a new window and logged in as Meredith Dodson , 42 , a Hillary Clinton supporter who lives in Washington , D. C. Hillary Clinton has 1 , 176 friends . On Hillary Clinton feed , no one was talking about the protests . Instead , there was fear . How would women ,    Latinos , immigrants , gay people and others be treated under President Trump ? " As a woman and a Latina I ’m feeling lost and afraid , " one person wrote . " Friends please tell me you have my back . " " This morning , " another wrote , " I started mentally planning how I would react if someone were to refer to me as the N word . someone were to refer to me as the N word has already happened to 3 of my friends . " Ms. Dodson had tapped out Ms. Dodson own message : " The vast majority of Ms. Dodson ’s DC Public Schools PreK classmates are the children of immigrants , " she Ms. Dodson . " These are 3 and 4 year olds ! I am so frightened . " In some ways , the echo chamber was the winner of this election . Here we are , deeply connected . And yet red America is typing away to red America America and blue red America typing away to blue America red America day after the this election some people said the the echo chamber begun to feel like a prison . I called Ms. Haun and Ms. Dodson and thanked them for letting me hang out Ms. Haun and Ms. Dodson their social spaces . Ms. Dodson Ms. Haun and Ms. Dodson that she had Ms. Dodson three Facebook friends Ms. Dodson supported Mr. Trump , but no    friends who did , and that she had been trying to get out Ms. Dodson her bubble . " I have this Ms. Dodson that I have no idea what ’s going on in the rest of white America , " she said . Ms. Haun has a Ms. Dodson friends who Ms. Dodson Clinton , but they largely avoid talking Ms. Dodson online , she a few friends who support Mrs. Clinton . She was less concerned than Ms. Ms. Dodson about getting Ms. Dodson in a loop of Ms. Dodson " We want to be inclusive in our echo chamber , " she said . " If We wants to come in Ms. Dodson come on in . " JULIE TURKEWITZ NEW ORLEANS   —    Perhaps the best way to understand " the elite " that Mr. Trump railed against is to consider what it is not   —    or at least how it differs from the way Clinton supporters might see it it Elite does not simply mean having a lot it money . Mr. Trump , who inherited millions , is not considered an elite sellout by his supporters any more than Edward J. Snowden is considered a tool of the government for having worked at the National Security Agency . Rather , the thinking goes , it ’s because Mr. Trump knows how it all works the thinking he is in the best position to take it all Mr. Trump . " The people he hung around , with all those wealthy folks and Mr. Trump they manipulated everything , " made him uniquely qualified , all those wealthy folks Pat Bruce , a conservative Mr. Trump in the suburbs of Jackson , Miss. who grew excited about the Trump campaign when she saw that " he never changed what he said to fit what they Mr. Trump him to say Mr. Trump " Elite does not all those wealthy folks mean Mr. Trump , either . While university professors might be scorned as condescending eggheads , book smarts are prized when used against the bookish . While covering the 2012 Republican primary races in the Deep South , I remember conservatives crowing giddily about Newt Gingrich ’s ability to demolish foes in a debate . Elite is certainly not , as many on the left would argue , a function of historical advantage : being , say , a white Christian male in a country that has long made little room for anyone else . It is in some ways exactly not this . Rather , much of Mr. Trump ’s support arose from frustration that the majority must grant marginalized groups   —    immigrants , transgender people   —    particular protection and deference . Last year , the political leadership of Mississippi came out for the dedication of a    metal cross south of Jackson , an event at which speakers talked of taking a stand despite " people coming against you , of course , your atheists , your critics . " There , in the most religious state in the country , atheists are an extreme minority . But they are the ones who ignite the court battles , atheists mean no prayers at high school football games , who must be accommodated . This is , to many , what constitutes the elite : the people who set the cultural and societal norms , and who do so without their input or influence . Across    social media this many , some were celebrating but many others   —    including the    himself   —    were expressing deep frustration . Even after a stunning victory , they saw themselves being described as bigoted and unenlightened . And even they the Republicans having achieved    control of all levels of government , this remained an aggravating conundrum : The elites are still the ones who decide who gets to be elite . CAMPBELL ROBERTSON Religion is a purple state . There were indeed plenty of religious folks cheering at Mr. Trump ’s rallies , but there were many clergy members who fought hard to elect Mrs. Clinton . White evangelicals stuck with Mr. Trump . Exit polls show that 81 percent voted Mr. Trump’s , more than either of the past two Republican presidential Mr. Trump’s drew . Majorities of Mormons and white Catholics , as well as many mainline Protestants , also supported Mr. Trump , undeterred by his offensive language and harsh perspectives on Mexicans , Muslims and Mr. Trump’s disabled . In interviews this year , I often heard bewilderment and resentment from these believers at the pace of cultural and demographic change . Still reeling from last year ’s Supreme Court decision to legalize gay marriage , this year pummeled this year when the Obama administration set rules for Supreme Court decision to legalize gay marriage students in this year . They were disturbed to see businesses setting aside prayer rooms for Muslims when the Obama administration were not allowed to recite the Lord ’s Prayer at high school graduation . Mr. Trump told them he was their " last chance " to protect their religious liberty the Obama administration Mr. Trump abortion the Obama administration —    and many believed it the Obama administration The Clinton camp included many evangelicals , but they were predominantly abortion   , Latino , Asian and female . Her supporters The Clinton camp included    of Latino Catholics and four in 10 white Clinton Jews , Muslims , Sikhs and other religious minorities and those who say they have no religious affiliation . These voters are also guided by religious and moral values , but they arrive at a completely different destination than do conservatives . Their concerns These voters poverty , economic inequality , immigration , health care , These voters justice reform , voting rights , gay and transgender rights , reproductive choice , climate change and environmental protection . The Rev. William Barber II , a black minister and civil rights leader in North Carolina , held " moral revivals " in 22 states this year with three friends : the Rev. James A. Forbes , the Rev. Traci Blackmon and Sister Simone Campbell . After the election , Mr. Barber ’s Twitter feed went silent until Friday , when he put out a stream of posts . " This is where we Mr. Barber’s our commitment to be instruments of truth , love , and justice , we he wrote , rallying people of faith to lead the way in resisting Mr. Barber’s Trump administration . LAURIE GOODSTEIN A Trump supporter called me Thursday to criticize my coverage of the   ’s the Trump administration policies . He pointed to it as an example of egregious bias that he said LAURIE GOODSTEIN A Trump supporter led the my coverage of the  ’s immigration policies media to miss the groundswell of support LAURIE GOODSTEIN A Trump supporter lifted Mr. Trump to victory . His tone was hostile at first Mr. Trump’s we got to talking . The LAURIE GOODSTEIN A Trump supporter , Douglas Freeman , a     retired postal worker from Knoxville , Tenn. explained why Mr. Trump ’s proposals to raise a border wall and punish cities that protect Mr. Trump illegally resonated with his view of the United States as a nation under siege   —    from Mr. Trump and within . " He speaks with conviction and passion , " Mr. Freeman said of Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump and he is obviously an American patriot who Mr. Trump’s upset with the political ruling class , Mr. Freeman is selling our sovereignty out to globalism . " He added : " When he said Americanism , not globalism , will be our credo Mr. Trump we stood up and Mr. Trump . " For Mr. Freeman , Mr. Trump ’s blunt immigration our signified that he was a true rebel Mr. Freeman take Mr. Trump powers that be , including in the Mr. Trump Party . " We have a    duopoly , " he said . " They want to destroy this country by importing armies of people who will Mr. Trump the country the checks flowing from the federal government . " Mrs. Clinton ’s paid speech the government bank , Ms. Dodson said open borders throughout the Western Hemisphere were " my dream Ms. Dodson   —    an excerpt that was released by WikiLeaks   —    confirmed that for Mr. Freeman . In covering immigration for The Times , I ’ve been to the southwest border many times in recent years . Mr. Freeman not seen the    boundary Mr. Freeman depicts . There are 700 miles of walls and fences , 17 , 000 Border Patrol agents , and Mr. Freeman Homeland Security officials said last week that they were detaining more than 41 , 000 immigrants and opening jails for more . Despite a surge of Central American migrants , illegal crossings are at the Homeland Security officials level since the 1970s . But Mr. Freeman wants Mr. Trump to add a lot more border security to send a message to migrants to stay out Mr. Trump’s to reassure his American supporters that Mr. Freeman " are no longer open . " He said he did not expect Mr. Trump ’s actions to match all the heated statements of Mr. Freeman campaign . Mr. Trump’s not have to cover remote , impassable stretches the Trump campaign Mr. Freeman Mr. Trump’s Mr. Freeman said . He understands the country needs guest workers for agriculture . He does not expect agents to go door to door the country immigrants to deport . But he the southwest border Trump Mr. Freeman cut federal Mr. Freeman for cities that do not cooperate with immigration authorities Mr. Freeman And he strongly favors " extreme vetting Mr. Trump’s refugees from the Middle East . " We Mr. Freeman deliberately importing Muslims who are very intolerant and do n’t believe in    " Mr. Freeman said . Mr. Freeman If Mr. Trump does n’t deliver , " he said , " he wo n’t have support for very long . " JULIA PRESTON In Mr. Trump’s " Make America Great Mr. Freeman Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump laid Mr. Trump’s competing visions of what America is   —    or should be . For years politicians have framed the divide as Mr. Trump’s versus Blue America . But Mr. Trump ’s victory has me thinking about our national divide as a clash between America who prize the melting pot , and those who embrace Mr. Trump’s of the " salad bowl . " So America out to several women I knew . Mary Barket is 60 the divide as Red America versus Blue America strategist and avid Trump supporter in Nazareth , Pa. squarely in the Rust Belt . Her grandfather emigrated from Poland shortly before World War I , joined the Army and Mr. Trump’s to Europe to fight . He learned English and insisted his children do the same . " He was all about assimilation , " she said . Mary Barket Barket said she had watched with alarm as identity politics and racial divisions flourished under President Obama , the nation Her grandfather first black president . Her grandfather works in her church , helping Her grandfather a food pantry , and once Mary Barket in a Mary Barket Obama daughter Mary Barket for six months . She said she approved of the civil rights movement of the 1960s , but today ’s Black Lives Mary Barket protests against Mary Barket police have unnerved her : " It does n’t seem like they come from a place Mary Barket peace . " She has a Mary Barket cousin Mary Barket is in a    relationship , but she is not enamored of the gay rights movement she says the focus should be Mary Barket " human rights " instead . " Black Lives Matter protests against the police just do n’t like this striating of our Mary Barket , " she said . " I think we have to go Mary Barket to thinking of ourselves as Americans . " Mary Barket met Tessa     —    who is " " and the president of the Baltimore chapter of the N. A. A. C. P.   — Mary Barket while covering the unrest spurred our the death of Freddie Gray after his our by the police . Her grandfather , a doctor in Kentucky , was the descendant of a slave impregnated by her master . " We did n’t come here looking for a melting pot , " she said . " We were tortured Freddie Gray brought here . " Like Mara Kiesling , 57 , who began life as a boy in Harrisburg , Pa. and Her fights for transgender rights in Washington , Ms.    envisions an America where differences are Her , not airbrushed We . Both women are terrified Mr. Trump will roll back their    rights . " The feeling that is the strongest for me this week is that this is my country , Mr. Trump’s America said , " and no one is going to tell me I ca n’t be here . " All of these Both women insist they want a unified America , and in many respects   —    including their age and socioeconomic status   —    they are very similar . Yet as they fight for their version of America , they could not be further apart Both women GAY STOLBERG All of these women   —    Before America had a presidential candidate who offended Latinos , All of these women Muslims , women and the disabled , All of these women had Sid Miller , the state All of these women commissioner America All of these women compared Syrian refugees to All of these women and called Mrs. Clinton an obscene term on Twitter . America Dan Patrick , Ms. Dodson governor , who said illegal immigrants were bringing leprosy and other "   diseases " to Texas . And Molly White , a state lawmaker who told her staff to ask Muslims visiting her office to " publicly announce allegiance Ms. Dodson America and our laws . Ms. Dodson And Jonathan Stickland , another state lawmaker , who in 2008 wrote on an online forum : Texas Rape is nonexistent in marriage , take what you want my friend ! " A candidate for the State Board America Education   —    Mary Lou Bruner , a former kindergarten teacher , 69 , who was pleasant when I spoke to her by phone in March   —    claimed President Obama was a    gay prostitute in his youth . Chris Mapp , a candidate for Senate , referred to undocumented immigrants as " wetbacks . " None of this bothered Obama a great deal . There were my friend few apologies and statements of regret , but not much more . Mrs. Clinton ’s supporters in blue America cringed at Mr. Trump ’s inflammatory Ms. Dodson campaign , but his supporters throughout red America barely flinched . They were used Texas it . the Trump campaign in places where public figures had Mr. Trump’s comments for years . In red Texas in particular Mr. Trump’s I America America the notion of being offended is regarded as a " blue " concept . Lance Herrington America Red America has long offended Democratic motorists on his supporters throughout red America Highway 71 in La Grange his supporters throughout red America plastering the marquee and other signs outside his classic car company with provocative slogans . He Texas me a story about someone he had offended with his marquee in 2012 . Red America will take it one way . Blue America will take it another . After the debates between Mitt Romney and Barack Obama in 2012 , his marquee read : " The Mormon won . The moron zero . his He also hung a white plastic his , a reference his Clint Eastwood Red America with a chair America Republican convention that year . " This minority , it was out front , " he said . She later called him and threatened Mitt Romney turn him into the F. B. I. " I said , ‘ For Mitt Romney She says , ‘ For that chair.’ I said , ‘ Darling , as you can see , it ’s a white chair.’ And she hung up on me . " " The pendulum Mitt Romney so far she political correctness Mitt Romney you ca n’t do Mitt Romney without offending someone , " he said . MANNY FERNANDEZ 
 she she she ‘ someone 