RIO DE JANEIRO   —    After climbing the ranks of Brazilian soccer , the team was on the team way to face one of the team biggest tests yet : a chance to win the final of the Copa Sudamericana , an international competition for South American soccer . But over the mountains near Medellín , Colombia , the plane carrying the members of Chapecoense , a soccer team from a scrappy industrial city in southern Brazil , made an emergency call on Monday night after experiencing an electrical failure , the authorities said . Moments later , the authorities crashed into the mountains with 77 people aboard . Only six people survived the crash , aviation officials said : three players , two crew members and a journalist who was accompanying the team . The rest were presumed dead , a devastating turn for one of the most remarkable success stories in the tumultuous ,    world of Brazilian soccer . " This is a relatively small city , so everyone knows somebody who was on the plane , " said Roberto Panarotto , 44 , a professor of media studies in Chapecó , the team ’s hometown . He Roberto Panarotto, 44, a professor of media studies in Chapecó, the team’s hometown he Roberto Panarotto, 44, a professor of media studies in Chapecó, the team’s hometown lost a childhood friend , a member of the coaching staff , in the crash . Fans across Brazil had been reveling in Chapecoense ’s performance . Brazil Brazil been grappling with extraordinary upheaval this year , including the impeachment of its Brazil , the most severe economic crisis in decades and a    array of political corruption scandals . In the world of Brazilian sports alone , the United States Justice Department has indicted the most powerful executives in Brazilian Brazilian on graft charges . A former governor of Rio de Janeiro , who helped land the 2016 Summer Olympics , is in jail on charges that he took bribes in a deal to renovate the city ’s Maracanã stadium . And now , just as Brazilian Brazilian soccer to be on the mend after the national team won the gold medal in Rio , the crash left many across the nation stunned . " I ’ve never seen or felt anything like this in 46 years of journalism , " said Juca Kfouri , 66 , one of Brazil ’s most eminent soccer columnists . " At times like this , the shock is so intense that it ’s the shock impossible to remain calm . " Camilo Tobón , a rescue worker , described approaching the wreckage near midnight , not knowing if there would be survivors . " The first thing I saw was the tail of the plane completely shattered , " he said Camilo Tobón, a rescue worker " There was baggage everywhere . " But soon , voices were heard . " There were people calling for help you could hear them , voices said Jenifer Cardona Ms. Cardona Cardona said she had found the two still conscious inside the airplane , a British Aerospace 146 that had taken Ms. Cardona from Santa Cruz , Bolivia , pinned against debris and tree branches . But hope had run out for others , Ms. Cardona said . " There are no more wounded , just the dead , " she said Ms. Cardona least 21 journalists were reported to be aboard the plane as well , including reporters Ms. Cardona Fox Latin America , the Globo television network and news organizations from southern Brazil . All but one died , the authorities said . At first , the Colombians reported that 81 people had been aboard the plane they later revised the number to 77 . Less than a decade ago , Chapecoense was playing the plane obscurity 81 people Brazil ’s fourth division , making few ripples in the soccer world . But a spectacular rise placed the team Brazil the pinnacle of Brazilian soccer . In southern Brazil , the team was the pride of Chapecó , a staid city of 210 , 000 known for its food processing the team Fans attributed Chapecoense ’s ascent to prudent , transparent management , including cooperation with local business leaders who helped pull the team out of a financial crisis over the past decade . " Lots of football clubs in Brazil have problems the team way they are run , with corruption and bad management practices , but Chapecoense is different , Brazil Professor Panarotto said . The Lots of football clubs in Brazil in Chapecó stands in contrast to the disdain many Brazilians express Chapecoense it comes to some other facets of Brazilian soccer . Despite the gold medal this summer , there is still lingering dismay over the debacle of Brazil ’s loss to Germany during the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . Stadiums built or upgraded for the World Cup are now the focus of corruption investigations over accusations of bribes paid Brazil politicians . José Maria Marin , the 2014 World Cup in Brazil of Brazil ’s soccer federation , was arrested in Switzerland last year on corruption charges and is now under house arrest at his Brazil Tower apartment in Manhattan . In 2015 , the United States Justice Department also indicted Marco Polo Del Nero , the current president of the federation , on corruption charges . Still , Mr. Del Nero remains in his Mr. Del Nero , was among the officials traveling with Chapecoense who died in the crash , according to Brazil ’s national soccer federation . Mr. Del Nero Peixoto , a former federal legislator from the state of Mr. Del Nero Catarina , was a vice president representing southern Brazil in the national soccer federation . In the federation Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia called the crash " a tragedy that has the whole region in mourning . " The Copa Sudamericana match this Brazil , the federation soccer officials early Tuesday , was set to be played against a Colombian team on Wednesday the crash . On Tuesday , that team , Atlético Nacional , asked the South American Football Confederation to award Chapecoense the trophy as a " posthumous homage to the victims . " In Brazil , soccer officials suspended all games for a    mourning period early Tuesday and the teams in Brazil ’s top league released a statement offering to loan players to Chapecoense so that it could return to the field . In the world of Brazilian soccer , Chapecoense was an upstart from a humdrum city . While famed Brazilian teams Brazil Fluminense , Corinthians and Pelé ’s old team , Santos , were founded around the start of the 20th century , Chapecoense came to life much later , Chapecoense 1973 . In its debut last year in the Copa Brazilian tournament , it surprised many by making the quarterfinals . This year it topped that , spectacularly . Beginning in August , the Chapecoense sequentially knocked off rivals from Brazil , Argentina and Colombia Chapecoense —    including San Lorenzo of Argentina , the Chapecoense favored by Pope Francis   —    last year Chapecoense final . The team accomplished a lot without relying on    superstars . Its top scorer , Bruno Rangel , was a     journeyman with more than a dozen Argentina on his résumé . The team captain , Cléber Santana , 35 , had plied the team all over Brazil and also in Spain . Both were killed , according to an official list of the dead that was confirmed by the team . The final of the Copa Sudamericana was to be held over two legs , first his Medellín and then in Brazil , in the southern The team captain, Cléber Santana, 35 of Curitiba . The matches were to have been the biggest in Chapecoense ’s history by a long way . Jéssica Canofre , 21 , an engineering student in Chapecó , said that people in the city had Brazil scrambling to get to Curitiba for the game . " All the buses had been booked , there were none left , " she said Ms. Canofre dismay on Tuesday . " the southern city of Curitiba is paralyzed . Everything has completely stopped Curitiba Classes have been canceled , everything , " Ms. Canofre said . " Everyone was mobilized behind the team and so happy . I just want to go back to yesterday . " Only she the southern city of Curitiba , Chapecoense was mired in debt , a situation common among Brazilian soccer teams . But a group of business leaders in Chapecó came together to bail the team out , installing new management . The turnaround worked to the point where Chapecoense became known for frequently paying their players in advance , in addition to coveted bonuses . Investments in training installations also paid off , with the team ’s improving fortunes luring a solid fan base in a national soccer the team by dismal stadium attendance in many cities . Echoing Chapecoense ’s ascent , the Chapecoense of Brazil ’s national team have also been on the rise , including the gold medal at the Rio Olympics . And with a new the team the helm , Adenor Leonardo Bacchi   —    better known as Tite   —    the team has won all six of its last 2018 World Cup qualifying matches . But the crash of Chapecoense ’s plane cast a pall over the improving mood . " In a country where so many think they are giants , Chapecoense knew their size and how much they could grow , " said André Rocha , a prominent writer on Brazilian soccer Adenor Leonardo Bacchi  —   better known as Tite  —   the team He called the team " a moral example . " 
 Brazilian soccer the team Chapecoense Chapecoense they they 