MIAMI BEACH   —    Michal Keren David stood alone amid the confectionery swirl that draws millions to the adult playground of South Beach , clutching not a minty mojito or even a ubiquitous cellphone , but one of the very latest symbols of life here : mosquito repellent . As she spritzed she next to a sidewalk cafe on Lincoln Road , Michal Keren David lamented her Michal Keren David timing . Just Friday morning , as she Michal Keren David to fly out of New York , bound for a weekend in Miami , she Michal Keren David she Michal Keren David the latest news about Zika . The    virus , which can cause birth defects in fetuses , had found a new , albeit small , home on South Beach . Ordinarily , she Michal Keren David , she Michal Keren David have simply shrugged off the the latest news about Zika " I ’m thinking of trying to get pregnant in the next month , " said Ms. David , 32 . " We thought maybe about canceling , but we also We we have We live our lives We This will get to New York City , too . It will This all over the place . " On Friday , this rollicking southern slice of Miami Beach , a place long accustomed to boom and bust , downtrodden and glamorous , became the second official target zone of the    mosquito , Aedes aegypti , in the continental United States . The discovery forced the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to advise pregnant women not to venture into a 1 .    area from Eighth to 28th Streets on one side and from the beach to the Intracoastal Waterway on the other . But federal health officials also warned them to federal health officials postponing travel anywhere in    County . As local government and tourism officials emphasized that the safety of residents , workers and guests came first , it was hard to sidestep the obvious : Would tourists stay away from the island ’s alluring beaches , hip hotels and      clubs ? And if they did , what would it mean for the economy of Miami Beach   —    the superstar of the county ’s $ 36 billion tourism industry ? " As we said before , we will we everything in our power we that people feel safe , " said Miami Beach ’s mayor , Philip Levine , stressing that " Miami Beach Miami Beach a record summer . " From one moment to the next , a new protocol has taken root , one gleaned from the lessons learned in Wynwood , the small arts district across the bay that became the virus ’s first hub of active transmission in the continental United States . Wynwood has suffered a sharp decline in business . Some hotels here began to slip Zika information sheets under the doors of the guest rooms . Bartenders offered patrons cans of repellent along with their shaken martinis Bartenders Electric fans , already in use to soften the suffocating heat and humidity , were cranked up high , all the easier to thwart Aedes aegypti mosquitoes . At Meat Market , a steakhouse on Lincoln Road , a teeming pedestrian mall , citronella candles quickly appeared under a row of outdoor tables on Friday moments after the news broke . Employees were asked to wear bug spray until repellent wristbands arrived . " We never really have a lot of mosquitoes , " said David Tornek , the restaurant ’s chief executive , who said he hoped the problem was fleeting . He paused and he , " You hope that people look at this rationally . " The reaction from tourists here , many of them from Europe and Latin America , seemed to swing from panicked to nonchalant . As she sat on a patch of artificial turf eating pizza and watching her     son she paddle ball , Vania Acosta   —    who is Cuban by way of Naples , Italy , and is visiting South Beach with family   —    said she quickly became she . " I bought 40 cans of bug spray , " Ms. Acosta said Vania Acosta   turban atop her head . she I am spraying repellent in my room , in my house , right here . What worries me is that they do n’t know enough about it . When I heard yesterday , I wanted to leave . " But she is staying she is too complicated to leave . And , she said , she is enamored she the South Beach vibe , a mix of ethnicities and lifestyles , where    women stride past    Doc Martens lovers , all to the murmur of palm trees and foreign languages . " Like the woman I saw wearing a long black    and a white wedding veil , " she said . she I love it here I love the people here . " Strolling past Art Deco hotels on Ocean Drive , South Beach ’s most crowded stretch , Lorenzo Villa , 24 , a graduate student at West Virginia University who arrived Friday morning for a week ’s vacation , made one accommodation : He bought bug repellent . Beyond that , he expects his vacation He be He . " Honestly , I do n’t think it ’s an issue , " said Mr. Villa , who was born in Argentina and grew up in Annapolis , Md. " I do n’t see any mosquitoes . Maybe it ’s only a problem if there ’s a big swarm . I ’m pretty chill . " There are mosquitoes on Miami Beach , but , with its strong breezes and saltwater barriers , the chain of islands is less hospitable to mosquitoes than other parts of the county . But it is also dense , the chain of islands plenty of old buildings full of nooks and crannies . The city is also hampered the chain of islands to a tactic that helped Wynwood reduce its population of aegypti : the the chain of islands spraying of Naled . The area , with its beaches , ocean and    The area , is not suited for it , county officials said . The area tourists to comply with    rules , though , will not be easy . People come here to escape obligations and to strip down to the bare essentials . Long sleeves and admonishments are not really welcome . Sex , though , is often on a    list , raising concerns that the virus will spread through sexual transmission . For the most part , those visitors who are not pregnant or pondering pregnancy seemed unfazed and   . " There is always something going on , " said Yesenia Medina , 40 , a respiratory therapist from Miami who sat at an outdoor bar , Campton Yard , which had installed automatic insecticide misters even before the Zika scare . " Now it ’s Zika , and last month , Zika was something else . " it , with a laugh , Ms. Medina said she heard a rescue plan was Ms. Medina the works . " Donald Trump is building a net over the beach , and he ’s getting the mosquitoes to Donald Trump for it , " she said , the mosquitoes on the Ms. Medina presidential nominee ’s plan to erect a wall on the Southern border and have Mexico pay for it . As the sun inched a wall on the Southern border the horizon and a    moon glinted over the ocean , Claudia Iraheta , 21 , a hostess , stood nearby at the Penguin Hotel cafe , cradling menus over her pronounced belly . The Zika Ms. Medina is no casual concern for her . She is five months The Zika virus . The Zika virus It ’s a baby girl , " she said happily . Friday , The Zika virus said , was an especially The Zika virus and worrisome day . She thought twice about going to The Zika virus , where she stands outside promoting the cafe The Zika virus   . " the Penguin Hotel cafe scared , paranoid , " said Ms. Iraheta , who moved to Miami Ms. Iraheta she slathered on mosquito repellent and put The Zika virus long pants , despite the sweltering heat . On Monday , she will head to the doctor to The Zika virus tested for the virus . She says she does not think she The Zika virus been The Zika virus . " In The Zika virus name of God , I hope not , " Ms. Iraheta said . 
 