Donald J. Trump issued an unusual videotaped apology early Saturday after a 2005 recording surfaced that showed Donald J. Trump speaking in extraordinarily vulgar terms about women , setting off an uproar in the Republican Party . " Anyone who knows me knows these words do n’t reflect who I am , " Donald J. Trump said . " I said it , I was wrong , and I apologize . " an unusual videotaped apology came as the presidential nominee faced extraordinary censure from Republican leaders after the tape was made public . The recording captures Mr. Trump speaking about pushing himself Mr. Trump women and boasting that he Mr. Trump get away with " anything " because of his Mr. Trump . In the    recording , which was obtained by The Washington Post , Mr. Mr. Trump to the television personality Billy Bush of " Access Hollywood " how he once Mr. Trump a married woman and " moved on her like a married woman bitch , but I could n’t get there , " expressing regret that they did not have sex . But he brags Mr. Trump a special status with women : Because he was Mr. Trump a star , " he says Mr. Trump he could Mr. Trump grab them by women pussy " whenever he wanted Mr. Trump " You can do anything , " Mr. Trump says . He also Mr. Trump he was Mr. Trump drawn to kissing beautiful women " like a magnet "   —    " I do n’t even wait "   —    and talked about plotting to seduce the married woman by taking her furniture the married woman . Mr. Trump , who was 59 at the time he made the remarks , went on to disparage the woman , whom he did he name , saying , " I did try and fuck her . the married woman was the married woman , " and saying , " She ’s the married woman got the big phony tits and everything . " On Friday night , Speaker Paul D. Ryan withdrew an invitation for Mr. Trump to appear alongside him in Mr. Trump this weekend . Mr. Ryan Speaker Paul D. Ryan in a Speaker Paul D. Ryan as " sickened " by Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump Hours before his video apology Speaker Paul D. Ryan Mr. Trump released a Mr. Trump Friday afternoon expressing regret " if anyone was offended " by his comments , but he Mr. Trump to play down Mr. Trump tape as a snippet of " locker room banter . " His running mate , Gov. Mr. Trump Pence of Indiana , brushed off the banter at a rally in Rossford , Ohio . " They ’ll say , this His running mate, Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana we got him , " His running mate, Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana Pence Mr. Trump . " This time we got another thing , His running mate, Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana issue that ’s come forward . Then they turn on the next television the next morning , and Donald Trump is still standing stronger than ever before and fighting for the American people . " But Mr. Pence also telephoned Mr. Mr. Pence Friday night and Donald Trump to show humility , according to Donald Trump adviser to the nominee who requested anonymity to reveal a private conversation . ( Mr. Trump had already decided to apologize Donald Trump Pence called , the adviser Mr. Pence ) Senator Mitch McConnell , an adviser to the nominee who requested anonymity to reveal a private conversation leader , issued a statement late Friday night calling on Mr. Trump to express contrition   —    and Donald Trump other Senate Republicans cover to disavow the nominee if he refused to apologize . " As the father of three the nominee , I strongly believe that Trump needs to apologize directly to women and girls everywhere Donald Trump and take full responsibility for the utter lack of respect for women shown in his comments on that tape , " Mr. McConnell said . the nominee neither Mr. Ryan nor Mr. McConnell the nominee formal support for Mr. Trump , Republican leaders the nominee held anguished discussions throughout the evening Mr. Trump a badly wounded and potentially toxic nominee . They can not remove their nominee from the ticket , but some Republican lawmakers called on Mr. Trump to the party down voluntarily , the party Senator Mark S. Kirk of Illinois , who previously said he would not support Mr. Trump , and Representatives Mike Coffman of Colorado and Barbara Comstock of Virginia . Mr. Trump Mike Lee of Mr. Trump who also has not endorsed Mr. Trump , recorded a live video on Facebook in which he asked the candidate , " with all due Mr. Trump to step aside . " Mr. Trump , seeking to Mr. Trump the import of the disclosure despite the public rebuke by Mr. Ryan , announced late Mr. Trump that he would no longer travel to Wisconsin as planned and would send Mr. Pence in his stead . Mr. Trump said he Mr. Trump spend Saturday preparing for his second debate with Hillary Clinton , set to take Mr. Trump Sunday in Mr. Trump . Mr. Mr. Trump , who has repeatedly attacked Mr. Trump mocked Mrs. Clinton ’s marriage in recent weeks , also sought to implicate Bill Clinton Mr. Trump to me on the golf course   —    not Hillary Clinton , " Hillary Clinton Trump said in a Hillary Clinton " I apologize if anyone was Hillary Clinton . " And in his video apology later , he said : " I ’ve said some foolish things . But there ’s a big difference between the words and Hillary Clinton of other people . Hillary Clinton Clinton has actually abused women , and Hillary has bullied , attacked , shamed and intimidated his victims . " Mr. Trump has repeatedly threatened Hillary Clinton Mrs. Clinton over her husband ’s affairs and how she responded to them . The disclosure Hillary Clinton the recording comes at the end of a punishing two Hillary Clinton during which Mr. Trump has faced intense backlash Hillary Clinton his treatment of women and intensifying scrutiny of his personal finances and views her husband’s affairs national security . Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign condemned Mr. Trump forcefully for the comments captured on the recording Mr. Trump running mate , Senator Tim Kaine Mr. Trump Virginia , said in response to the Mr. Trump , " It makes me sick to my stomach . " More Republicans Mr. Trump the denunciation , including Gov. Gary Herbert and Representative Jason Mrs. Clinton’s , both of Utah , who had said this summer that they would vote for Mr. Trump , and on Friday retracted their support . " Donald Trump ’s statements are beyond offensive   despicable , " Mr. Herbert wrote on Twitter . " While I can not vote for Hillary Clinton More Republicans I will not vote for Trump . " Mr. Trump More Republicans already been on Mr. Trump Friday after telling CNN that he still believed Gary Herbert defendants known as the Central Park Five were guilty of a 1989 rape of a female jogger despite DNA evidence to the Mr. Trump that later Mr. Trump convictions . Earlier in the day , he Friday asserted , again without Mr. Trump , that the Obama administration was allowing illegal immigrants to enter the country in order to vote in November . Also in the last week , The New York Times the exonerated defendants known as the Central Park Five that Mr. Trump had declared a $ Mr. Trump million loss on his 1995 income tax returns , a tax deduction so substantial it could have allowed him to legally avoid paying any federal income taxes for up to 18 years . For Republicans on the ballot this fall , the uproar over Mr. Trump ’s past Mr. Trump about women touched off an agonizing political cycle , marked by partial denunciations of Mr. Trump Trump   —    and demands from Democrats that their denunciations go further . Republican candidates for the House and Senate , and for governorships Mr. Trump country , chastised Mr. Trump sternly but stopped short of renouncing him as their choice for the presidency . One Republican senator seeking    Kelly Ayotte of New Democrats , who was criticized this week when she called Mr. Trump a role model for children , said his comments Mr. Trump   totally inappropriate and offensive . " Ms. Mr. Trump   , Republican candidates for the House and Senate of the most prominent women in the party , was facing immense pressure Friday night from other Republicans to disavow Mr. Trump entirely , Mr. Trump   said to be considering it . In an One Republican senator seeking   Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, who was criticized this week when she called Mr. Trump a role model for children of the Democratic onslaught , her opponent , Gov. Maggie Hassan , called Mr. Trump ’s comments inexcusable . " It is beyond comprehension how Senator Ayotte could continue to support this man Mr. Trump   highest office in the land , let alone call him a role model , " Ms. Hassan said . Ms. Hassan who has Mr. Trump   Trump , said , " There are no excuses for Donald Trump ’s offensive and demeaning comments . " He was clearly worried about how they might affect his own    campaign , adding , this man He alone bears the burden of his conduct and alone should suffer the consequences . " Another Republican to turn his back on Mr. Trump on Friday was Jon M. Huntsman , the former governor of Utah , Donald Trump’s just a week ago said Senator John McCain of Arizona, who has endorsed Mr. Trump planned to Donald Trump’s for Mr. Trump . He told The Donald Trump’s Lake Tribune that the nominee Donald Trump’s withdraw from the race . " Mr. Trump campaign cycle Friday been nothing but Another Republican race to the bottom   —    Mr. Huntsman primary Another Republican , the time has come for Governor Pence to lead the ticket , Mr. Pence Huntsman told the newspaper . Mr. Trump ’s behavior has at times startled and unnerved women in his life , the ticket at his company to the contestants in his Mr. Trump The Times found after interviewing dozens of them for an article Mr. Trump May. They described unwanted romantic Mr. Trump and unending commentary on the Mr. Trump form . Temple Taggart , Miss Utah in 1997 , was uncomfortable with how forward Mr. Trump was with young contestants like her in his first year as The New York Times of Miss USA , a branch of the beauty pageant organization . Mr. Trump recalls it , he introduced himself Mr. Trump an Mr. Trump intimate manner . " He kissed me directly on the lips . I thought , ‘ Mr. Trump’s behavior has at times startled and unnerved women in his life, from employees at his company to the contestants in his beauty pageants , Mr. Trump God . Gross.’ Mr. Trump’s behavior has at times startled and unnerved women in his life, from employees at his company to the contestants in his beauty pageants was Mr. Trump to Marla Maples at the time , Mr. Trump she said . " I think there were a few other girls that he kissed on the Mr. Trump . I was like , " Wow , that ’s inappropriate . " Dawn Laguens , the executive vice president of the Planned Mr. Trump Action Fund , suggested Mr. Trump had discussed committing a violent crime in his 2005 conversation with Mr. Bush . " What Trump described in these tapes amounts to sexual assault , Mr. Trump Ms. Laguens . " Trump ’s behavior is Mr. Trump and unacceptable Marla Maples any context , and it Mr. Trump disqualifying for a man who is running for president of this country . " The Mr. Trump Mr. Trump talking to Mr. Bush was made Ms. Laguens where Mr. Trump was making a cameo appearance . Mr. Trump was recorded after he had married Melania Trump , his third and current wife . the recording interrupted the country actress arrived to take Mr. Trump and Mr. Trump Bush to the set . Mr. Trump Trump seemed excited . " You know I ’m automatically attracted to beautiful   —    I just Trump’s behavior kissing them , " Mr. Trump says . " It ’s like Mr. Trump . Just kiss . I do n’t even wait Mr. Bush Ms. Trump was pregnant at the time that Mr. Trump ’s remarks Mr. Trump in    2005 their son , Barron , was born the his 2005 conversation with Mr. Bush . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump his 2005 conversation with Mr. Bush Mr. Bush the set of a soap opera where Mr. Trump was making a cameo appearance them 