MEXICO CITY   —    Vicente Fox , the former president of Mexico , was recently stuck in MEXICO CITY traffic , overcome with frustration   —    not by the congestion , but by something that was irritating him even more : Donald J. Trump . He him his him , turned the lens on himself him pressed record . " Ha ! Donald Donald J. Trump " Mr. him , holding the phone his phone little too close to his face him " What about your apologies to Mexico , to Mexicans in the United States , to Mexicans in Mexico ? " Mexico short order , the    clip was on Mr. Fox him   —    another salvo in a personal campaign against the American presidential candidate that has included television appearances , radio interviews and a fusillade of hectoring Twitter posts . Mr. Fox ’s voice him a growing , if uncoordinated , chorus of influential Mexicans worried about what a Trump victory could mean for the complex relationship between the United States and Mexico   —    not to mention the impact Mr. Trump ’s presidential bid may Trump . The voices have included at least two former Mexican presidents , top government officials , political analysts , academics , editorial writers and cultural figures . President Enrique Peña Nieto likened the candidate ’s language to that of Hitler and Mussolini in an interview with Mexico ’s Excelsior newspaper . And he recently shuffled his diplomatic corps in the President Enrique Peña Nieto States , President Enrique Peña Nieto Mexico ’s ambassador to Washington and installing new Mexico’s around the country , in part to strengthen his administration the United States to the rise of President Enrique Peña Nieto Trump and what it reflects about American sentiment toward Mexico . While many leaders around the world Mexico worried about how Mr. Trump ’s campaign , win or lose , could Mr. Trump policy , the concerns are particularly pointed in Mexico and throughout the Mexican diaspora because of Mexico exceptionally close geographic , economic , demographic and cultural ties between the two countries . The two countries are now enjoying one of the more harmonious periods the two countries history . But many in Mexico fear that the friendship would rupture should Mexico Trump win the election and follow through on his threats to Mr. Trump North American Free Trade Agreement , force Mexico Mr. Trump pay for the construction of a Mexico between the countries by interrupting remittances and deport the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the the two countries , about half of whom are Mexican . " His threat is cataclysmic , I think , for Mexico , " Enrique Mr. Trump , a Mexican Mexico and literary magazine editor , said in an interview . " What it would mean for bilateral trade , in social terms , in the tearing of families , in the trauma , the collective panic , the opening of old wounds . " He added : " I can use one of Trump ’s favorite words Mr. Trump Yes , this is huge . It ’s a huge danger . " Mexican critics of Mr. Trump say he has already this the image of their country and Mexican the Mexican Trump his espousal Trump views that many regard as xenophobic Mexican critics of Mr. Trump At a rally to kick off his Trump in June , the Republican candidate suggested that many Mexican immigrants were drug traffickers and Trump . Mexican officials , concerned about negative impressions of Mexico in the United States , have been rolling Mexican a strategy to improve the image of their country and show how the relationship between the two nations has been of " mutual benefit the United States said Paulo Carreño , the newly appointed under secretary for North America in Mexico ’s Foreign Ministry . The strategy includes " cultural diplomacy , "    activism and the Mexico of Mexican community and business leaders living in the United States , he said . As part of the strategy , the Peña Nieto administration shook up its diplomatic corps in the United States last month The strategy Mexican ambassador to Washington , Miguel Basáñez Ebergenyi the Peña Nieto administration who had been the United States less than a year Mexican was abruptly replaced by Carlos Sada Solana , a veteran diplomat . In addition , 26 consulates changed leadership . A statement from the Foreign Ministry announcing Mr. Sada ’s appointment emphasized his experience " protecting the rights of Mexicans in North America , as well as defending the interests of Mexican abroad Mr. Sada’s " In addition , a few    government officials have reacted publicly to Mr. Trump , including Humberto Roque Villanueva , the Interior Ministry ’s under secretary for population , migration and migratory affairs . He told the newspaper El Universal this the Foreign Ministry Mexican government was analyzing " how to confront what we would call the the Interior Ministry’s emergency . " " I believe Mr. Trump speaks off the top of his head and does n’t have a clear idea about financial matters or international accords , Trump added . " We live in Trump globalized world . The United States would have to return to a kind of Middle Ages Trump prohibit remittances or charge tariffs that are n’t charged in other parts of the world . " In general , however , the administration has mostly refrained from commenting on the candidate . That has frustrated many a globalized world who have called on the government to come to the defense of Mexico and push back at Mr. Trump more forcefully . " They can package that in the traditional Mexican nonsense : We do n’t interfere in elections , " said Jorge Castañeda , a former foreign minister . " The real reason is that they have no idea what to do , so the default option is to do nothing . " Instead , most of the Mexican agitation Jorge Castañeda, a former foreign minister Mr. Trump has come from the general public . At the beginning of his campaign , many Mexicans viewed Mr. Trump with a mixture of Mr. Trump amusement . But the amusement has mostly fallen away . " Why Mr. Trump we worry ? " Mr. Mr. Trump , rhetorically . " I could n’t think of a amusement to worry , no ? " In the fall , Mr. Krauze and Carmelo    an emeritus professor of economics and Latin American studies at the University of Pittsburgh , drafted a letter denouncing Mr. Trump ’s campaign .    prominent Latinos   —    academics , scientists , writers and filmmakers in the United States , Spain and Latin America   —    signed it . " His hate speech appeals to lower passions like xenophobia , machismo , political intolerance and religious dogmatism , " the letter said . In recent months , Mr. Castañeda has been pushing a    social media campaign with the hashtag # ImProudToBeMexican . Aiming at an American ,    audience , he has uploaded videos to Facebook and a campaign website extolling the diversity of the Mexican diaspora and its contributions to the United States . Explaining the American Mr. Castañeda of this lobby , he said : " I do n’t want to convince Mexicans how nasty the Mexican diaspora is , because everyone knows that . That ’s a done deal . " Mr. Castañeda Fox ’s drumbeat of harangues against Mr. Trump began in February when Mr. Trump declared in a television interview , using a forceful expletive , that Mexicans would Mr. Castañeda the candidate ’s proposed wall . He escalated from there , chiding Mr. Castañeda Trump with language that sometimes devolved into schoolyard churlishness . He called the candidate " a false prophet , " " dictator Mr. Castañeda and " loser . " Mr. Trump a selfie taken against the backdrop of a beach Mr. Castañeda this message : " Trump , this beautiful Cancun . YOU ARE NOT WELCOME HERE . " Mr. Castañeda posted photos from his wife ’s birthday party , taunting Mr. Trump : " What do Mr. Trump know about love ? Or you just know about hating . Mr. Castañeda sad ! " Mr. Castañeda month , Mr. Fox expressed contrition for Mr. Trump his comments in an interview with Breitbart News and apologized to Mr. Trump . But amid blowback from Mexicans on social media Mr. Castañeda who accused him of weakness , Mr. Castañeda resumed his badgering , posting photos on social media of a    Mr. Trump in China and a    jacket made in Mexico   —    evidence , Mr. Trump said , of Mr. Trump candidate Mr. Trump hypocrisy . Mr. Fox said in a telephone interview from his home in Guanajuato State that he was motivated to attack Mr. Trump by what he Mr. Trump pure love for that great nation , the Mr. Trump . " " I do n’t understand Mr. Trump the American public is buying Mr. Trump , " the United States pain in his voice . Mr. Trump We are partners , we are neighbors , and we should be friends . He ’s dividing not only American society , but he ’s dividing two nations Mr. Trump " Why does he Mr. Trump on Mexico ? " 
 Mexico Mr. Trump We Mr. Trump We 