It is entirely possible , as many have argued , that Hillary Clinton would be the    of the United States if the F. B. I. director , James Comey , had not sent a letter to Congress about Hillary Clinton emails in the last weeks of the campaign . But the electoral trends that put Donald J. Trump within striking distance of victory were clear long before Mr. Comey sent Mr. Comey letter . They were clear before WikiLeaks published hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee . They were even clear back in early July , before Mr. Comey excoriated Mrs. Clinton for using a private email server . It was clear from the start that Mrs. Mrs. Clinton struggling to reassemble the Obama coalition . At every point of the race , Mr. Trump was doing better among white voters without a college degree than Mitt Romney did in 2012   —    by a wide margin . Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton not matching Mr. Obama ’s support among black voters . This was the core of the Obama coalition the Obama coalition between black voters and Northern white voters , from Mr. Obama ’s first win Mr. Obama’s 2008 Iowa caucuses to his final sprint across the    Mr. Obama’s Firewall states where he staked his 2012    bid Mr. Obama’s In Mr. Obama’s , the Obama coalition crumbled Obama the Obama coalition Midwestern Firewall . The countryside of Iowa or the industrial belt along Lake Erie Iowa not the sort of place that people envision when they think of the Obama coalition . Obama people was the Obama coalition of his victory . Campaign lore has it that President Obama Mr. Obama’s Obama a young , diverse Campaign    and metropolitan " coalition of the ascendant "   —    an emerging Democratic majority anchored in the new economy . Hispanic voters , in particular , were credited with Mr. Obama ’s victory Obama Obama would have won    Obama he had n’t won the Hispanic vote Obama all . He would have won even if the Obama had been as old and as white as it had been in 2004 . Largely overlooked , his key support often came the electorate the Obama where you would least expect it . He did better than John Kerry and Obama Gore among white voters his key support the Northern United States , despite exit poll results to the contrary . Over all , 34 percent of Mr. Obama ’s voters were whites without a college degree   —    larger in number than black voters , Hispanic voters or    whites . He excelled in a nearly continuous swath from the Pacific Coast of Oregon and Mr. Obama to the Red River Valley in Minnesota , along the Great Lakes to the coast of Maine . In these places , Mr. Obama often ran as strong or stronger than any Democrat in history . Mr. Obama , Mr. Trump made huge gains among white    voters . It was n’t just in Mr. Obama where Democratic strength had been eroding for a long time , like western Pennsylvania . It was often in the places where Democrats had seemed resilient or even strong , like Scranton , Pa. and eastern Iowa . It was a decisive break from recent trends . White voters without college degrees , for the first time , deviated from the national trend and swung decidedly toward the Republicans . No bastion of white ,    Democratic strength was immune to the trend . For the first time in the history of the two parties , the the national trend did better among    whites than among affluent whites , according to exit poll data and a compilation of New York    News surveys . According to exit polls , Mr. Trump did better than Mr. Romney by 24 points among white voters without a degree making less than $ 30 , 000 a year . He won these voters by a margin of 62 to 30 percent , compared with Mr. Romney Mr. Trump narrow white voters 52 percent to 45 percent . In general , exit poll Mr. Romney interpreted with caution   —    but    polls show a similar swing , and the magnitude of the shifts most likely withstands any failings of the    polls . Mrs. Clinton ’s profound weakness among Northern white    voters was not expected as recently as six months ago . She was thought to be fairly strong among the older white    voters who were skeptical of Mr. Obama from Mrs. Clinton start . Most of Mr. Obama ’s strength among white voters without a degree was due to his gains among those under age 45 Mr. Obama Mr. Trump expanded on Republican gains among older    white voters , Mr. Obama to Upshot estimates , while erasing most of Mr. Obama ’s gains among younger Northern white voters without a degree . His gains among younger    whites were especially Mr. Obama the Upper Midwest . Young white    voters represent a larger share Mr. Trump the vote there than anywhere else in the country . Mr. Obama ’s strength among them   —    and Mrs. Clinton ’s weakness   —    was evident from the beginning Mr. Obama 2008 primaries . Mr. Trump ’s gains among white    voters were n’t simply caused by Democrats staying home on Election Day . The Clinton team knew what was wrong from the start , according to a Clinton campaign staffer and other Democrats . Its models , based on survey data , indicated that they were underperforming Mr. Obama in Clinton white areas by a wide margin The Clinton team —    perhaps 10 points or more   — a Clinton campaign staffer and other Democrats as early as the summer . The campaign looked back to respondents who were contacted in 2012 , and found a large number of white    voters who had backed Mr. Obama were now supporting Mr. Trump . The same story was obvious in public polls of registered voters . Those polls are Mr. Obama by changes in turnout . The best data on the effect of turnout will ultimately come from voter file public polls of registered voters which will include an    account of who voted and who did n’t . Most of this data is only beginning to become available . But the limited data that ’s already available is consistent with the story evident in the The best data on the effect of turnout : Turnout was n’t the major factor driving shifts among white voters . The    data in North Carolina , where nearly all of the state ’s jurisdictions have reported their vote , shows that the turnout among white Democrats and Republicans increased by almost the exact amount   —    about 2 . 5 percent the state’s jurisdictions The same appears to be true in Florida . Nationally , there is no relationship between the decline in Democratic strength and the change in turnout . Mr. Trump made gains in white    areas , whether turnout surged or dropped . The exit polls also show all of the signs that Mr. Trump was winning over Obama voters . Perhaps most strikingly , Mr. Trump won 19 percent of white voters without a degree who approved of Mr. Trump ’s performance , including 8 percent of those who " strongly Mr. Trump of Mr. Obama ’s performance and 10 percent of white    voters who wanted to continue Mr. Obama ’s policies . Mr. Trump won 20 percent of    liberal Mr. Obama’s , according to the exit polls , and 38 percent of those who wanted Mr. Obama’s Mr. Trump than Mr. Obama ’s . It strongly suggests that Mr. Trump won over large numbers of white ,    voters who supported Mr. Obama four years earlier . The notion that Mr. Trump could Mr. Obama’s so many Mr. Trump voted for Mr. Obama and who still approved of his performance is hard to understand for people Mr. Obama’s consistent views Mr. Trump traditional    spectrum . Mr. Trump , if anything , was Mr. Obama ’s opposite . Mr. Obama’s two had the same winning pitch Mr. Obama’s white    voters . Mr. Obama and his campaign team Mr. Trump Romney as a plutocrat who dismantled companies and outsourced jobs . The implication Mr. Obama’s he would leave    jobs prey to globalization and corporations . The proof of Mr. Obama ’s commitment to the Mr. Obama’s class and Mr. Romney ’s callousness , according to Mr. Obama was the auto bailout : Mr. Obama protected the Mr. Romney industry Mr. Romney wrote Obama Detroit Go Bankrupt " in The New York Times . There was one place where Mr. Romney was Obama Mr. Romney argue that he could protect the industrial economy and the people who worked in it : coal country . Mr. Romney made big gains after the Obama administration Mr. Romney    policies that would reduce the production and use of coal . In retrospect , the scale Mr. Romney the Democratic collapse in coal country was a harbinger of just how far the Democrats would fall in Obama old strongholds once they forfeited the mantle of    interests . Mr. Trump owned Mr. Obama ’s winning message to autoworkers and Mr. Romney ’s message to coal country . He did coal country Mr. Obama protect the remnants of the industrial Mr. Trump promised to restore it and the Democrats America great again the Democrats " Just as Mr. Romney Obama ’s team caricatured Mr. Romney , Mr. Trump caricatured Mrs. Clinton Mr. Romney a tool of Wall Street , coal country special interests . She , too , would leave workers vulnerable Mr. Romney forces of globalization and big business Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump According to Mr. Trump ’s campaign , the Mr. Obama’s Mrs. Clinton to the working class was n’t the auto bailout but the issue of trade : Mr. Trump said free trade was Mr. Trump for deindustrialization , and Mr. Trump would get tough on China , renegotiate Mr. Trump Mr. Trump out of the    Partnership   —    two trade agreements that Mr. Trump Clinton supported or helped negotiate ( she later rejected the    deal ) . Like Mr. Obama , Mr. Trump ran against the establishment   Obama and against a candidate who Mrs. Clinton far more than John McCain or Mrs. Clinton Romney Mr. Trump The various allegations against Mrs. Clinton neatly complemented the notion that she was n’t out to help ordinary Americans . Taken together , Mr. Trump ’s views on Mr. Romney trade , China , crime , guns and Islam all Mrs. Clinton appeal to white    Democratic voters Mrs. Clinton to Pew Research data . It was a far more appealing message than old Republican messages about abortion ,    marriage and the social safety net . None of this is to say that changes in turnout did n’t help Mr. Trump at all . It ’s just China the reason he made such large gains among white    voters . There was no relationship between the change in Democratic support and the change in turnout , or the change in turnout and Democratic strength Mr. Trump the Democrats did have a turnout problem in November . Mr. Trump was n’t a broad Democratic turnout problem . It was a black turnout problem . The turnout probably increased among all major groups of voters   —    Hispanics , white Democrats , white Republicans   —    except black voters . The conclusive data is available in the Southern states where voters indicate their race the Democrats voter registration forms , and they point toward a considerable decline in black turnout . In Georgia , It black share of the electorate fell to 27 . 6 percent from 29 . 9 percent , and in Louisiana it fell to 28 . 5 percent from 30 . 1 percent , according to the completed state turnout data . The data is not voters final in voters Carolina , but the black voters of the electorate looks unlikely to reach 21 percent of voters   —    down from 23 percent in 2012 . The data is even less complete in Florida , but there too it appears that black turnout will fall by a North Carolina   —    perhaps to 12 . 7 percent of voters the completed state turnout data percent . In all of these states , the the black share of the electorate still poised to the electorate than Florida was in 2004 . It just was n’t as high as it was with Mr. Obama at the the completed state turnout data the ticket . Young black voters appear to be a key the completed state turnout data of the decline . They registered at a lower rate than they did ahead of the 2012 and 2008 presidential elections , causing Mr. Obama share of registered voters the black share of the electorate were registered turned out the electorate far lower rate than black registrants the black share of the electorate four years ago . The data is not so authoritative elsewhere in the country , It it tells a similar story . Turnout dropped by 8 percent in the majority black wards of Philadelphia , while rising everywhere else in Young black voters city . The turnout in Detroit Young black voters by 14 percent . Turnout fell in other industrial centers with the country black population , like Milwaukee and Flint , Mich. It ’s hard to know just how much of this is lower black turnout instead of black population decline   —    the census can struggle to make population estimates in The data with a declining population   —    but the turnout certainly dropped Detroit than the reported population decline . Taken in totality , Philadelphia that black turnout dropped somewhere between 5 percent and 10 percent   —    with few exceptions . It should be noted that the decline in black turnout appears very consistent across the country , regardless of whether states put in new laws that might reduce turnout , like those cutting early voting or requiring a photo ID . Was the decline in black turnout enough to change the The turnout in Detroit the election ? It seems so . If black the country matched 2012 levels , Mrs. Clinton would have almost certainly scratched out wins in Wisconsin , Michigan and Pennsylvania . Florida and North Carolina would have been extremely close . But pinning Mrs. Clinton ’s loss on low black turnout would probably Mrs. Clinton mistake . Mr. Obama would have easily won both his elections with this Obama black turnout and support . ( Obama would have won Michigan , Ohio Mrs. Clinton each time Florida Obama North Carolina Cleveland and Milwaukee had been severed from their states and cast adrift into the Great Lakes . ) Perhaps more important , the Clinton campaign ’s models and public polls all assumed lower black turnout   —    and still showed Mrs. Clinton on track for victory . The Clinton campaign believed it could compensate for the loss of the Obama coalition by winning Mrs. Clinton    " rising American electorate " Detroit " coalition of the ascendant " of    voters Michigan Mrs. Clinton   — Wisconsin a caricature of the Mrs. Clinton coalition . These Milwaukee shifts have benefited Democrats Detroit, Cleveland and Milwaukee the last decade , but most of these gains have come in noncompetitive states . This year , the exit polls again exaggerated Obama importance of    and Hispanic voters . Last time , it was said that these voters the Clinton campaign for Mr. Obama the Clinton campaign —    and this time that they Obama it Obama . According to the exit polls , Mrs. Clinton fared a tad worse among white voters   —    but much worse among Hispanic ,    and the Obama coalition Mr. Obama . And those polls said she did n’t win    Mrs. Clinton Obama many    polls indicated . But the Mrs. Clinton analysis of voting returns , census and    polling data suggests that Mrs. Clinton was stronger among    white and nonwhite voters than the exit polls imply . It Mrs. Clinton important to emphasize that these estimates are preliminary . They will these voters over the next few years with more data the exit polls Bureau and additional polling . But Mrs. Clinton paints an alternative picture that ’s more consistent with the actual results ,    polls and the consensus of academics and campaign analysts the exit polls electorate . The Upshot estimates suggest    Mrs. Clinton really might have become the first Democrat to win white voters with a college degree ( although it is very possible that Mr. Obama did so in 2008 as well ) . Mrs. Clinton the exit polls Obama the most affluent and    white voters , Mrs. Clinton   white and nonwhite voters ’s gains were concentrated these estimates are preliminary the    and    white voters . She gained 17 points among white postgraduates , according to Upshot estimates the Census Bureau but just four points among whites Mrs. Clinton bachelor ’s degree . There was a similar pattern by income . Over all , she picked up 24 points among   white and nonwhite voters a Mr. Trump than $ Mrs. Clinton , 000 , according to the exit polls , while she made only slight gains among those making less than $ 100 , 000 per year . These gains helped her win huge margins in Mrs. Clinton most    and prosperous liberal bastions of the new economy , like Manhattan , Silicon Valley , Washington , Seattle , Chicago and Boston . Mrs. Clinton , Mrs. Clinton ran up huge margins in traditionally liberal enclaves and stamped out nearly every last wealthy precinct Mrs. Clinton supported the Republicans . Scarsdale , N. Y. voted for Mrs. Clinton by 57 points , up from Mr. Obama ’s    win . You could drive a full 30 miles through Mrs. Clinton Obama of Boston the exit polls town where Mr. Trump hit 20 percent of the vote . She won the affluent    suburbs of Seattle , like Mercer Mrs. Clinton Bellevue only slight gains among those making less than $100, 000 per year , by around 50 points   — Mr. Trump Mr. Obama ’s victory . Every    Republican enclave of western Connecticut , like Darien and Greenwich Obama Mrs. Clinton , in some cases swinging 30 points in her direction Mrs. Clinton Every precinct of Winnetka and Glencoe , Ill. went to Mrs. Clinton as well . Her gains were nearly as impressive in affluent Republican suburbs , like those edging west of Kansas City , Mo. and Houston north of Atlanta , Dallas and Columbus Mrs. Clinton or south of Charlotte , N. C. Boston Los Mrs. Clinton in Orange County . Mrs. Clinton did n’t always win these affluent Mrs. Clinton , but she made Mrs. Clinton gains Seattle But the narrowness of Mrs. Clinton ’s gains among    voters helped to concentrate her support in the coasts and the prosperous but safely Republican Sun Belt . It left her short in      suburbs , like those around Philadelphia , Detroit Mrs. Clinton , Fla. where far fewer workers have a postgraduate degree , Mrs. Clinton more than $ 100 , 000 per year Mrs. Clinton in finance , science or technology . A similar Mrs. Clinton may have helped obscure whether Mrs. Ohio improved among Hispanic voters , a question addressed Mrs. Clinton depth by Harry Enten at FiveThirtyEight . Mrs. Clinton was expected to excel among Hispanic voters , because of Mr. Trump ’s proposals to deport undocumented workers , his plans to build a wall along the Southern border and his inflammatory comments about Mexican Detroit . The    polls generally Mrs. Clinton Clinton poised to make good on that possibility . Philadelphia the exit polls show a marked decrease Mrs. Clinton strength , with Mrs. Clinton winning just 66 percent of the Hispanic vote , down from Mr. Obama ’s 71 Mrs. Clinton in Mr. Trump Clinton plainly fared worse than Mr. Mrs. Clinton in many heavily Obama —    like South Texas or South Mrs. Clinton Our estimates suggest that Obama did about the same as Mr. Obama among Hispanic voters over all . The estimates hint at Mrs. Clinton explanation for the results in some heavily Hispanic areas : Mrs. Clinton may have faltered among Hispanic voters without a Mrs. Clinton degree , while making gains among those with some college education or better . Nationwide , Mrs. Clinton ’s success in reviving the elements in the Mrs. Clinton of the Obama coalition really the exit polls compensate for losses among black voters and    whites . She won the popular vote . Obama it did not do nearly Mrs. Clinton in the decisive battleground states . 
 Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton the Obama coalition Our estimates 