WASHINGTON   —    The Supreme Court ’s immigration ruling is a defeat for President Obama but could help Hillary Clinton and the fortunes of Democratic candidates across the country . The Supreme Court’s immigration ruling on Thursday blocked Mr. President Obama moving ahead with his sweeping President Obama of executive authority and will force him to President Obama office next year without the major progress he promised President Obama millions of Latino immigrants living under the threat of deportation . But even as Republicans hailed what they called Republicans major victory , Democrats said they believed Democrats ruling would energize a nationwide voter registration drive intended to benefit Mrs. Clinton in her presidential Mrs. Clinton against Donald J. Trump . Within moments of the court ’s    order , Democratic activists vowed to mobilize , and a president whose face was etched with disappointment acknowledged the issue now rested with voters . " We ’ve got a choice about who we ’re We to be as a country , what we want We teach our kids We and how we want We be represented in Congress , and in the White House , " Mr. Obama told reporters on Thursday morning . " Americans are going to have to make a decision about what we care Americans and who we are Americans " The ruling could also serve as political ammunition for Mr. Trump Mr. Trump " amnesty " for immigrants . Mr. Trump denounced Mexican immigrants while announcing his campaign and has vowed to build a wall on the border . The House speaker , Paul D. Ryan , Mr. Trump the deadlocked court ruling as a vindication of the Republican view that Mr. Obama had abused his authority in ordering immigration changes affecting as many as five million unauthorized immigrants . The speaker called it " another Mr. Obama victory in our fight to restore the separation of powers . " But that The House speaker, Paul D. Ryan not carry over to the campaign trail . Steve Schale , a Democratic strategist in Florida , one of the most competitive battleground states , predicted that the court ’s ruling would help unite Hispanic voters behind Mrs. Clinton . He said she could win as much as 70 percent of Hispanic votes in the state , compared with the 60 percent Mr. Schale Obama Mrs. Clinton in 2012 . Immigration is " sort of like a basic Florida test with Hispanic voters , Mr. Schale said , adding that Hispanics are tuning out Mr. Trump because of his labeling of immigration reform as " amnesty " and his promise to deport millions of immigrants who are in the country illegally Mr. Trump The " super PACs " the Latino Victory Fund Mr. Schale Priorities USA immediately announced a    online ad campaign aimed at bolstering support among immigrant voters in Colorado , Nevada and Florida . Ben Monterroso , the executive director of Mi Familia Vota , a separate nonprofit group that registers voters in six states with high Hispanic populations , said the ruling was the latest provocation that would increase turnout . " The road to the White House goes through the Latino community , " said Mr. Monterroso , whose group enrolled 18 , 440 new voters in the first three months of 2016 . Democrats and Republicans alike said the ruling all but ensured an even sharper clash over immigration during the presidential campaign . Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump quickly issued the ruling Thursday that agreed on only one point : The outcome of the presidential election will determine the direction of the nation ’s immigration laws . " The election and the Supreme Court appointments that come with it will decide whether or not we have a border and , hence , a country , " Mr. Trump said in his statement , accusing his opponent of pledging to " expand Obama ’s executive amnesty . " Mrs. Clinton said Mr. Trump showed " us Mr. Trump just how high Mr. Trump stakes are " because Mr. Trump has " called for creating a deportation force to tear 11 million people away from their families and their homes . " There Mr. Trump estimated 11 million immigrants in the United States illegally . The Clinton campaign has long planned 11 million people aggressive effort 11 million people mobilize the estimated 27 million eligible Hispanic voters nationwide . Lorella Praeli , the campaign ’s Latino Mrs. Clinton director , said the court ruling Thursday will add to Latino anger about Mr. Trump for comments like calling a federal The Clinton campaign to preside in a case against Mr. Trump because of his    heritage . In comments throughout the day , Mrs. Clinton sought to embrace those voters . " My heart is really Mr. Trump the five million Mr. Trump in this country who ’ve been waiting for the decision , " Mrs. Clinton said in an interview with Telemundo . For Mr. Obama , the court ’s ruling ends his hope that his administration would be able to carry Mrs. Clinton executive orders allowing nearly five million illegal immigrants to " come out of the shadows " and Mr. Obama legally . Mr. Obama freezes his actions for the rest of Mr. Obama term , leaving the program ’s future , and millions of unauthorized workers , in limbo . Instead , one of the Mr. Obama ’s chief immigration legacies will Mr. Obama the years of raids in immigrant communities and the increased enforcement he ordered at the border with Mexico . The tough tactics did not lead to a compromise with Republicans on legislation , and the aggressive actions , mostly in Mr. Obama Obama ’s first term , enraged families separated by the raids and deportations . The court ruling does not undo changes ordered by Mr. Obama that require immigration officers to focus on deporting unauthorized immigrants who commit crimes or who repeatedly try to enter the United States illegally . The officers have Mr. Obama not to move against    illegal immigrants who have lived here for years . The court ’s decision also will not affect actions Mr. Obama took in 2012 to help the    Dreamers , young immigrants who were brought illegally to the United States as small children . Under his program , more Mr. Obama , 000 Dreamers received documents allowing them to work legally , without fear that they might be the United States Mr. Obama ’s 2014 executive Mr. Obama came after years of fighting to get Congress to act . In 2013 more than 730, 000 Dreamers the Senate passed a bipartisan immigration overhaul more than 730, 000 Dreamers the administration said Mr. Obama support . But House Republicans blocked any consideration of the legislation and accused the Senate and Mr. Obama of supporting amnesty for the millions of illegal immigrants in the United Mr. Obama For most of his presidency , even Mr. Obama said he did not have the power to act Mr. Obama He repeatedly told Hispanic activists that he could not use the Dreamers program as a model to expand Mr. Obama protections to a much larger pool Mr. Obama illegal immigrants . " If we start broadening that Mr. Obama then essentially I would be Mr. Obama the law in a way that I think would be very difficult to defend legally , " Mr. Obama told José    in an interview in September 2013 , after it was clear that House Republicans were blocking the Senate ’s immigration measure . " So that ’s not an option . " But even Mr. Obama from Hispanic activists only increased . ( The head of the nation ’s largest Latino advocacy organization once called Mr. Obama the " deporter in chief . ") By the summer of 2014 , the president had ordered Jeh Johnson , the homeland security chief , to lead a legal team in reassessing how much power Mr. Obama had to act . In remarks at the White House on Nov. 20 , Mr. Obama the president made it clear that he had reversed himself . " The actions I ’m taking are not only lawful Mr. Obama ’re the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican president and every single Democratic president for Mr. Obama " Mr. Obama said at Mr. Obama time . Mr. Obama Mr. Obama The actions I’m taking 