Night 4 of the Republican National Convention was Donald J. Trump ’s night : Donald J. Trump was introduced after a speech by Donald J. Trump daughter Ivanka . Donald J. Trump ’s speech   —    and the balloons that follow his Donald J. Trump of the Republican nomination   —    kicked off the final phase in his Donald J. Trump for the presidency . Some of the highlights of the night :   • A taste from our main story on Mr. Donald J. Trump ( and check out what we    in our ) : • Ivanka Trump offered Donald J. Trump , less harsh portrait of her father in a Donald J. Trump introducing him . She said Donald J. Trump as Donald J. Trump daughter and an employee of the Trump Organization , she " witnessed his Donald J. Trump and generosity . " She said Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump " Donald J. Trump gender neutral . He hires the best person Donald J. Trump the job , period . " And she pledged that Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump fight for Donald J. Trump pay for equal work , " noting that at Mr. Trump ’s company , there Donald J. Trump female than male executives " and that " when a woman becomes a mother , she is supported , not shut out . Donald J. Trump Her father , she promised , will be Donald J. Trump your greatest Donald J. Trump your truest and your most loyal champion . " _ _ _ _ _ • " I am proud to be gay . I am proud to be a Republican . " Peter Thiel , the billionaire Silicon Valley venture capitalist and entrepreneur , took the Republican Party to task over what he called " fake culture wars . " Peter Thiel, the billionaire Silicon Valley venture capitalist and entrepreneur recalled that when he was a kid Peter Thiel, the billionaire Silicon Valley venture capitalist and entrepreneur the great debate Peter Thiel, the billionaire Silicon Valley venture capitalist and entrepreneur defeating the Soviet Union , but " now we are told that the great debate is about who gets to the great debate . " Focusing on these debates , he said , " distract us from our Peter Thiel, the billionaire Silicon Valley venture capitalist and entrepreneur decline , and nobody in this we is we honest about it except Donald Trump . " Fact Check : Among this race Thiel ’s claims was that " our Peter Thiel, the billionaire Silicon Valley venture capitalist and entrepreneur broken . Our nuclear bases still use floppy disks . " That , we fact , is true , according to a report by the General Accounting Office this year . According to the report : " Department of Defense uses    floppy disks a report by the General Accounting Office this year legacy system that coordinates the operational functions of the nation ’s nuclear forces . " _ _ _ _ _ • Jerry Falwell Jr. the evangelical leader of the top Christian university , made both a    and populist case for Mr. Trump , calling him a "   billionaire " who he has known for over Mr. Trump years . His evangelical argument for Mr. Trump Trump centered on a plank in the Mr. Trump to repeal a Mr. Trump banning churches from political organizing , as well as a pledge to appoint " conservative ,    justices " to the Supreme Court . And he included perhaps a thinly veiled message to Senator Ted Cruz , who Mr. Trump last night and declined to endorse Mr. Trump : " If you are a conservative , a decision not Mr. Trump or to vote for a third candidate is a de facto vote for Hillary Clinton . " _ _ _ _ _ • With the playful tone of a wedding toast , Tom Barrack , a billionaire businessman and longtime friend of Mr. Trump , used most of his speech to share stories and memories . He told the crowd that he Mr. Trump " nothing negative to say about Hillary Mr. Trump and " only amazing Mr. Trump to tell you about Donald . " His personal anecdotes revealed a     unseen side of the Mr. Trump that few Mr. Trump speakers touched on during the convention . _ Mr. Trump _ • Joe Arpaio ’s support for Mr. Trump might be boiled down to this : You had me at illegal immigrant . Mr. Trump is the Arizona sheriff who became famous for his aggressive ,    tactics in that Joe Arpaio’s And Mr. Trump started his campaign more than a Joe Arpaio’s ago by focusing on the danger that illegal Mr. Trump to Americans Mr. Trump On Thursday , Mr. Arpaio said his experience at the border convinced him that " we have terrorists coming over our borders Joe Arpaio’s our communities Joe Arpaio’s causing massive destruction and mayhem Joe Arpaio’s " He said Mr. Trump was the only candidate willing to our that issue . _ _ _ _ _ • Joe Arpaio’s Marsha Blackburn of Tennessee struck a mostly optimistic note amid remarks that focused on problems . She proclaimed that electing Mr. Trump would return the country to greatness and spoke broadly about Mr. Trump ’s leadership Representative Marsha Blackburn of Tennessee and record as Mr. Trump who " has seen challenges " and " learned his lessons Mr. Trump with a turn of phrase , linked his real estate successes to the potential of a Trump presidency Mr. Trump " Not only can they change a skyline , they can Mr. Trump the world . " _ _ _ _ Mr. Trump • Mary Fallin , the governor his real estate successes Oklahoma ,    the his real estate successes of pessimism , but she said that Mr. Trump is the one to provide optimism   —    even if some Republicans might not agree with everything    says . Mr. Trump Ronald Reagan said , ‘ the person who agrees with you 80 percent of the time is a friend Mr. Trump ally,’ " she said . • Reince Preibus , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , hammered Mrs. Clinton for a lack of personal and    ethics . She " lied over and over and over and over " about her email server , he said . " Perhaps worst of all Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton has perfected the art of politics for personal gain Mrs. Clinton She reads ethics Mr. Trump as carefully as Americans read their junk mail Mrs. Clinton He accused Mrs. Clinton of using her position as secretary of Mrs. Clinton to " grease the wheels for Democrat lobbyists , special interests and Mr. Trump insiders connected Mrs. Clinton corrupt Clinton machine Mrs. Clinton " With Mr. Trump , he said , " help is coming . " 
 Mr. Trump 