WASHINGTON   —    The F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , told Congress on Sunday that he had seen no evidence in a recently discovered trove of emails to change he conclusion that Hillary Clinton should face no charges over Hillary Clinton handling of classified information . Mr. Comey ’s announcement , just two days before the election , was an effort to clear the cloud of suspicion Mr. Comey’s had publicly placed over Hillary Clinton presidential campaign late last month when Mr. Comey’s alerted Congress that the F. B. I. would examine the emails . " Based on our review , our have not changed our conclusions that our expressed in July with respect to Secretary Clinton , " Mr. Comey’s wrote in a letter to the leaders of several congressional committees . He Mr. Comey’s agents had reviewed all communications to and from Mrs. Secretary Clinton the new trove from when she was Secretary Clinton of state . The letter a letter to the leaders of several congressional committees dramatic final twist in a tumultuous nine days for both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Comey , who drew widespread criticism for announcing that the F. B. I. had discovered new emails that might be relevant to its investigation of the F. B. I. Clinton , which ended in July with no charges . That criticism of Mr. Comey from both parties is likely to persist after the election . While the new letter was clear as it related to the new letter Clinton , Mr. Comey ’s Mr. Comey vague . He did not say that Mr. Comey had completed their review of the emails agents or that they were abandoning the matter agents regard to her aides . But federal Mrs. Clinton enforcement officials said that they considered the review of federal law enforcement officials related to Mrs. Clinton ’s server complete , and that Mr. Comey ’s letter was intended to convey that . One senior law enforcement official said that as recently as Friday , it was not clear whether the review would be completed by Election Day . But after days of working in shifts around the clock , teams of counterintelligence agents and technology specialists at the bureau ’s headquarters in Washington finished their examination of the thousands teams of counterintelligence agents and technology specialists at the bureau’s headquarters in Washington emails . Officials had decided to make their decision public as soon Officials they had reached it , Officials avoid any suggestion that they were suppressing information . Officials to the law enforcement official , many of the emails were personal messages or duplicates of ones that the bureau had previously examined during the original inquiry . Brian Fallon , a spokesman for Mrs. Clinton , said in a post on Twitter that the campaign had always believed she would be cleared of Mrs. Clinton wrongdoing . " We were always confident nothing would cause the July decision to be revisited , " Mr. Fallon said . " Brian Fallon Comey has confirmed it . " Kellyanne Conway , the July decision J. Trump Ms. Conway Comey had again inserted himself Director Comey election , but she Director Comey that his conclusion would Mrs. Clinton no effect on Director Comey outcome . " The investigation has been mishandled from the beginning , " Ms. Conway said on MSNBC , arguing that Mrs. Clinton had wasted taxpayer money and federal resources because of her email practices . " She was reckless , she was careless , she was Mrs. Clinton . " The new Mrs. Clinton began after agents Mrs. Clinton a cache of Mrs. Clinton in early October in an unrelated investigation into the disgraced former congressman Anthony D. Weiner , the estranged husband of one of Mrs. Mr. Weiner exchanged illicit messages with a teenage girl , they discovered emails belonging to the aide , Huma Abedin . That announcement renewed talk of an investigation that had shadowed Mr. Weiner Clinton for much of the Democratic primary campaign . Mr. Weiner and her aides had been Mrs. Clinton for improperly storing classified information on Mrs. Clinton ’s Mrs. Clinton email Mrs. Clinton . The discovery of new emails raised the prospect that the laptop might have new information that would renew the F. B. I. inquiry . Federal law enforcement officials had said for the past week that only something astounding would change their conclusion that nobody should be charged . But the mere potential for legal trouble was enough to make Republicans gleeful , and Mr. Trump highlighted the F. B. I. ’s actions Federal law enforcement officials campaign ads . At the end of a rocky week for Mrs. Clinton that included wild , false speculation about looming indictments and shocking discoveries in the emails , Mr. Comey ’s letter swept away her largest and most immediate problem . Republicans immediately accused Mr. Comey of making his announcement prematurely . " Comey must be under enormous political pressure to cave like this and announce Mrs. Clinton he ca n’t possibly know , " Newt Gingrich Mr. Comey’s Trump adviser , Mr. Comey’s on Twitter . Mr. Mr. Comey’s ’s move is also sure to prompt questions from Democrats . Most important Mr. Comey’s them : Why did Mr. Comey raise the specter of wrongdoing before agents had even read the Mr. Comey’s since it took only days to determine that they were not significant ? Just hours questions from Democrats Mr. Comey sent Mr. Comey’s to Capitol Hill , Senate Democrats said hearings should be held to examine how Mr. Comey had handled the matter . After the questions from Democrats ’s release , Senator Dianne Feinstein , Mr. Comey’s California , said the Justice Department " needs to take a look at its procedures to prevent similar Mr. Comey’s could influence future elections . " " the letter no doubt that it created a false impression about the nature of the agency ’s inquiry , " she added . The F. the Justice Department I. director ’s vague , brief announcement on Oct. 28 left Mrs. Clinton with few details to rebut and little time to do it . Many current and former F. B. I. agents Mrs. Clinton Justice Department Mr. Comey needlessly plunged the F. B. I. into the politics of a presidential election , with no clear way out . A long list of former Justice Department officials , including Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. chided Mr. Comey . Despite the fact that the bureau did not find anything that changed its original conclusion about Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Comey has insisted that he had no choice Justice Department inform Congress about the new emails because the investigation had Mr. Comey and he had pledged transparency , according to senior F. B. I. officials . Because the bureau Mr. Comey ’s Oct. 28 Mr. Comey Attorney General Loretta Lynch Mr. Comey completing a review of the emails a top priority . Late last month , Mr. Comey ordered agents Mr. Comey work around the clock to sift through the messages . That process , senior F. B. I. officials said , was painstaking , because each message that had been sent to the new emails had to be reviewed to determine whether it had Mr. Comey’s security materials . In Mr. Comey ’s short letter to Congress on Sunday , he said senior F. B. I. officials professionals at the F. B. I. for doing an extraordinary amount of    work in a short period of time . " 
 Mr. Comey’s Mr. Comey’s Mr. Comey’s each message that had been sent to Mrs. Clinton 