Here are the week ’s top stories , and a look ahead . 1 .    Donald Trump filled some top national security posts the week , naming loyalists who reflect his Donald Trump ’s    views . His Donald Trump for attorney general is Senator Jeff Sessions , above , who was blocked from becoming a federal judge in 1986 because of accusations of racially charged remarks . Michael Flynn , a retired lieutenant general who sees Islamic militancy as an existential threat , will be national security adviser . Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas was nominated to be the director of the C. I. A. Here ’s our latest coverage of Mr. Trump ’s transition to the White House . _ _ _ _ 2 . " Build something   . Something Americans can be proud of . " That ’s our    columnist , urging Mr. Mr. Trump follow a lofty vision for his pledged Mr. Trump of the country ’s aging infrastructure . We even have a list of 10 projects , balanced between red and blue states , where he could Mr. Trump his mark Mr. Trump helping unify a bitterly divided America . _ _ _ _ 3 . In the days after the election , our reporters and photographers fanned out across the country America new political reality set in . They returned with our reporters and photographers portrait of a country at odds with itself . We ’re also our a podcast of   conversations among siblings ,    classmates and friends who voted for different candidates . " I could never believe you ’re a racist , man , that ’s silly , that ’s stupid , " said one young black man to a friend of Hispanic heritage who supported Mr. Trump . " Ca n’t believe you ’re sexist . Can not . But part of me is puzzled . " Here are 19 questions to ask loved ones who voted differently . _ _ _ _ 4 . President Obama will return to the United States on Monday after the last major foreign trip of his presidency , President Obama stops in Greece , Germany and Peru . On Tuesday , he ’ll give President Obama 2016 Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients , including Kareem    Ellen DeGeneres , Tom Hanks and Bill and Melinda Gates . And on Wednesday he ’ll pardon President Obama turkey for the last time as president . _ _ _ _ 5 . Seventeen new cardinals received their " red Seventeen new cardinals " at a ceremony Saturday , officially joining the Roman Catholic Church ’s College of Cardinals . Who Pope Francis selects for the college is the Roman Catholic Church’s College of Cardinals his efforts to reshape Pope Francis church , the Roman Catholic Church’s group will eventually elect Francis’ successor . Three Americans are among the new additions , the most Francis named from any one Pope Francis . And while U. S. politics is never a determining factor in who is selected , all three men have been outspoken opponents of Republican Party positions . _ _ _ _ 6 . In Tunisia , where the Arab Spring began six years ago , the voices of torture victims and their loved ones are being torture victims . The    public hearings are an effort to salve the wounds from nearly 60 years of dictatorship . Mothers demanded justice for sons who were shot to death during the protests that ushered in democracy , and former prisoners described being tortured , humiliated and even forced to engage in homosexual acts . _ _ _ _ 7 . The skyline of New York City has changed drastically over the past decade . We ’ve gathered a number of notable new buildings that you may recognize ( like 1 World Trade Center ) or may not ( um , a salt shed ? ) . Think you know the city ’s recent additions New York City ? Here ’s a quiz to test your knowledge . It includes the hyperbolic paraboloid , New York City    pyramid , above . _ _ _ _ 8 . Scientists who drilled into what is considered ground zero of the dinosaur extinction found something that surprised them : granite . The drilling Scientists who drilled into what is considered ground zero of the dinosaur extinction in the Gulf of Mexico , where some 66 million years ago an asteroid crashed into Earth with the energy of 100 million atomic bombs . It left behind a     scar an asteroid as the Chicxulub crater , shown in an artist ’s rendering above . Their finding suggests that powerful impacts some 66 million years catapult materials buried deep in a planet ’s crust much closer to its surface . _ _ _ _ 9 . After   Thursday ’s Thanksgiving turkey , people across America will head to big box stores and camp out in preparation for " doorbuster " deals to kick off Black Friday shopping . Ah , the holiday season . But whatever your shopping strategy is , there are some innovative ways to save a buck . Like triggering retailers to email you coupons by filling up a virtual shopping cart , then fully logging out of the site . Here are some other tips , and a guide to not overpaying on Black Friday . _ _ _ Black Friday . Finally , a story about Thanksgiving . Specifically , the story of a     homesick college student who made a traditional dinner for the first time in an icy cold dorm . The guests were five other kids who could n’t get home . That was in 1981 . " I wish I could remember if we had the sense to be grateful then , for the food , for the comfort of one another , for the luxury of our education , " she wrote recently we We hope you have a happy holiday we much to be grateful for . _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Weekend Briefing is published Sundays at 6 a. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your 6 a. m. Eastern at 6 p. m. Eastern . Want to look back ? Here ’s Friday ’s Evening Briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 