LONDON   —    Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain refused to comment on Sunday about the reported failure of an unarmed British Trident missile that was    from a submarine off the coast of Florida in June . Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain said in a television interview with the BBC that she Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain " absolute faith in our Trident Trident . " But she Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain not say whether she Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain known about the failure or whether , as The Sunday Times of London reported , it The Sunday Times of London been covered up by Downing Street under her Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain , David Cameron , shortly before the referendum on Britain ’s exit from the European Union . Mrs. May did not mention any missile failure in her Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain major speech to Parliament on July 18 , when she Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain Parliament to spend up to 40 billion pounds , or about $ 53 billion then , on four new submarines to keep Britain Britain’s deterrent up to date . " There are tests that take place all the time , regularly , for our nuclear deterrence , " she Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain on Sunday . " What we were our about in that debate that took place was about the future . " The Sunday Times reported that the Trident II D5 missile , which was designed to carry a nuclear warhead but was unarmed for the test , had veered off course after being fired from HMS Vengeance , one of Britain ’s four aging    submarines . The British Navy had not performed such a test for four years because of the expense of the missile , but had carried out tests in 2000 , 2005 , 2009 and 2012 , all of which had been successful and publicized by the Ministry of Defense . The current the test after the submarine had been refitted with new missile launch equipment and upgraded computer systems . Replacing Trident has been controversial because of the cost and because the current leader of the Labour Party , Jeremy Corbyn , long an antinuclear campaigner , is opposed to retaining Britain ’s nuclear deterrent , while his party ’s official the current leader of the Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn, long an antinuclear campaigner, is has been to retain and renew it . " It ’s a pretty it error when a missile goes in the wrong direction , and while it was n’t armed a missile goodness knows what the consequences of that could have been , " Mr. Corbyn said on Sunday . Speaking to Sky News , he said , " Mr. Corbyn understand the prime minister chose not to inform Parliament , and instead it came out through the media . " He repeated his belief Mr. Corbyn Britain Mr. Corbyn commit to nuclear disarmament . Kevan Jones , a Labour member of Parliament and a former defense minister , called for an inquiry into the failed missile test . " The U. K. ’s independent nuclear deterrent is a vital cornerstone for the nation ’s defense , " he said . Parliament Kevan Jones, a Labour member of Parliament and a former defense minister likely to Parliament Defense Secretary Michael Fallon to answer questions about the report . Separately , Mrs. May confirmed that she would meet with Mrs. May Trump in Washington on Friday in the first visit of a foreign leader to the new president , a traditional prize that Britain has been seeking avidly . She said she would Mrs. May to Mrs. May Trump the importance President Trump in Washington NATO military alliance , calling it a " bulwark " the importance of the NATO military alliance the West , and would say that Britain favors the progress and Britain of the European Union , even though the country plans to leave Britain . Trade will be an important topic , she said , with Mrs. May wanting new    agreements with Britain countries , including the United States , after it leaves the European Union . Mr. Trump the European Union of " Brexit Mr. Trump on such a deal with Britain . Legally , no new deal Britain be made until Britain formally leaves the European Union , Britain is unlikely for at the European Union . Mr. Trump ’s slogan of " America First " and his protectionist comments may mean that a trade deal will be difficult to negotiate despite the good will expressed by both sides . Mrs. May was asked about Mr. Trump Mr. Trump attitudes toward women . " I ’ve already said that some of the comments that Donald Trump has made in relation to women are unacceptable , some Mr. Trump himself has apologized for , " she said . When she meets Mr. Trump , she said Mr. Trump I think the biggest statement that will be made about the role of Mr. Trump is the fact that I will Mrs. May there as a Mrs. May prime Mr. Trump " 
 Mrs. May 