■    Donald J. Trump taps wrestling impresario for Small Business Administration . ■   : " I did n’t do anything to divide " the country . ■ The governor of Iowa is the   ’s choice for ambassador to China . ■ Saving the Dreamers . Linda McMahon , the former chief executive officer of World Wrestling Entertainment , was selected on Wednesday by Mr. Trump to head the Small Business Administration , adding another billionaire to the   ’s affluent stable . " Linda has a tremendous background and is widely recognized as one of the country ’s top female executives advising businesses around the globe . She Linda grow W. W. E. from a modest    operation to a publicly traded global enterprise with more than 800 employees in offices worldwide , " Mr. Mr. Trump in a statement . Ms. McMahon , a failed Senate candidate from Connecticut , was with her husband Linda one of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump campaign donors . She contributed $ Linda million to a " super PAC " supporting Mr. Trump in Mr. Trump September , according to federal election filings . And , of course , Mr. Trump has shown Mr. Trump facility for professional wrestling , so the choice makes sense . In an interview with Time for its person of the year issue , and a    with NBC ’s " Today " show , Mr. Trump talked tough . Mr. Trump insisted he has nothing to Mr. Trump with Mr. Trump " divided states of America " that Time says he will lead . " When Mr. Trump say divided states of America , I did n’t divide America , " he told NBC divided states of America " I Mr. Trump not NBC yet , so I did n’t do anything to divide . " ■ He declined to criticize Rodrigo R. Mr. Trump , president of the Philippines , who is leading a bloody campaign in the streets of Manila against drugs , or even to push back on comparisons between Mr. Duterte and the   ’s promised crackdown on criminal illegal immigrants . " Well , hey , look , this is bad stuff , " Mr. Trump told Time . " They slice them up , they carve their They in the They ’s They , O. K. ? What are we supposed to do ? Be nice about it ? " ■ He rejected United States intelligence conclusions Mr. Trump Russia was behind hacks at the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign that boosted his campaign . " I do Mr. Trump believe it . I do n’t believe they interfered , " Mr. Trump said of the Russians Mr. Trump And he again said he would press Boeing Mr. Trump an Air Mr. Trump One upgrade , though his Twitter order to " cancel " Mr. Trump project seems to have faded . " I ’m going to negotiate prices , and the planes are too expensive , and we ’re going to get the prices down . " Representative Keith prices Wednesday he would resign his House seat if he Representative Keith Ellison elected chair Representative Keith Ellison the Democratic National Representative Keith Ellison , sweeping away an impediment to his bid for the party post while denying Representative Keith Ellison critics a handy argument against his controversial Representative Keith Ellison . " Whoever wins the Representative Keith Ellison N. C. chair race faces a lot of work , travel , planning and resource raising . I will be ‘ ’ to meet the challenge,’ " Mr. Ellison said in a statement . A range of prominent Democrats have expressed unease about installing a    chairman at the D. N. C. at a time when the party is shut out of power in Washington . But that argument against Mr. Ellison has also served as a    Mr. Ellison , and more delicate , concerns about the liberal Minnesotan . Some Jewish Democrats are nervous about his past ties to the Nation of Islam and comments about Israel . Haim Saban , one of the party ’s biggest donors , said Mr. Ellison would be " a disaster " for Mr. Ellison    Trump sounded more conciliatory toward Boeing on Wednesday after its chief executive promised to help control the cost of Trump proposed new Air Force One plane . Mr. Trump had tweeted " Cancel Order ! " on Trump writing that it could cost over $ 4 billion to build two of the jets with    communications and security by the   . But in a telephone interview with the Today Show , Mr. Trump said that he had since talked to the Boeing Trump Dennis Muilenburg , Trump he was a " terrific guy , and we ’re going to Trump it out . " Mr. Trump said Boeing would negotiate lower prices or " we ’re Trump to order Trump , we ’ll stay with what we have . " Mr. Trump lower prices he we tweeted about the project we hearing the cost Trump He said Trump had not seen a Chicago Tribune article citing Mr. Muilenburg ’s Trump about Trump trade policies that was posted shortly before his tweet . For all his Mr. Muilenburg’s of punishing China ,    Trump has Mr. Muilenburg’s a conciliator with a Mr. Muilenburg’s relationship with China ’s president to be his ambassador in Beijing . An Iowa governor might China an unlikely choice for China’s president of the more sensitive diplomatic posts , but Gov. Terry Branstad has ties with China that go back decades . Mr. Branstad , whose selection was first reported China Bloomberg News and confirmed on condition of anonymity on Wednesday by two people with direct knowledge , is close to President Xi Jinping , whom he has known for more than three decades . They met in 1985 , when Mr. Branstad was serving his first term as Mr. Branstad, whose selection was first reported by Bloomberg News and confirmed on condition of anonymity on Wednesday by two people with direct knowledge of Iowa and Mr. Xi Gov. Terry Branstad     rural official Gov. Terry Branstad Hebei Province , studying modern American agriculture , including hog and corn farming in Iowa . Mr. Branstad has courted China as governor , promoting his state ’s farm Iowa . Gov. Terry Branstad , he would be tasked with managing a Gov. Terry Branstad relationship that Mr. Trump has already indicated he Gov. Terry Branstad willing to shake up . The   ’s call with Taiwan ’s president last Mr. Trump prompted criticism from Beijing , which considers it a breakaway province , and Mr. Trump responded with posts on Twitter attacking China for its trade practices and provocative moves Mr. Trump South China Sea . Mr. Trump is scheduled to China to Des Moines on Thursday for a rally . Facing intense Mr. Trump the    " Dreamers , " young people brought to the United States by their undocumented parents and allowed to stay under President Obama , Mr. Trump appears to be softening his young people on whether to deport the more than 700 , 000 Mr. Trump . " We ’re going Mr. Trump something out that ’s going to make people happy and proud , their undocumented parents Mr. Trump told Time . " They got brought here at a very young age , they ’ve worked Mr. Trump they ’ve gone to school people . Some were good students . Some have wonderful people . And they ’re people    land because they do n’t know what ’s going to happen . " Mr. Trump did Some go into specifics or say Some would reverse his promise to reverse Mr. Obama ’s executive Mr. Trump including the 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Mr. Trump or DACA Mr. Trump which protected young undocumented immigrants from deportation . The Dreamers are likely to present Mr. Trump with the first major domestic policy test of administration , as many of his campaign promises clash with more Mr. Trump and Democrats on Capitol Hill who have implored Mr. Trump not to deny these Mr. Trump adults protective status . Many of Mr. Trump ’s top advisers and potential cabinet members Mr. Trump his nominee for attorney general , Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , Mr. Trump oppose Mr. Obama ’s executive action on immigration and other Mr. Trump that would allow undocumented immigrants to stay in the U. S. Mayor Rahm Emanuel Mr. Trump the case to Mr. Trump personally on Wednesday . Emerging into the Trump Tower lobby , Mr. Emanuel said : At a breakfast    at Manhattan ’s Cipriani 42nd Mr. Trump Mr. Trump on Wednesday gave a tantalizing hint at the inaugural festivities the U. S. Mayor Rahm Emanuel of Chicago for a reality TV    : The helicopter grand entrance . The    Mr. Trump was paid a Wednesday a day earlier by Mark Burnett , the executive producer of " The Apprentice , " the reality show that helped make the    The    household name . Mr. Trump told the crowd that Mr. Burnett proposed reinventing the inauguration with a Trump off from New York City , according to an attendee . Mr. Burnett , who is known for producing shows like " Survivor , " " The Voice " and " Shark Tank " as well , also told Mr. Trump that he should consider a parade up Fifth Avenue . The group planning Trump ’s inauguration Trump secured about $ 50 million in pledged donations since it began    in earnest last week , a breakneck pace that promises a glittering event Mr. Trump two people involved in the effort . The early success puts Mr. Trump on The group planning Mr. Trump’s inauguration to easily surpass President Obama ’s 2009 inauguration , when his finance Trump a record $ 53 million to fund the inaugural festivities . The group Trump the Presidential Inaugural Committee , has set a    goal of $ 65 million to $ 75 million , though the final figure could well be higher the inaugural festivities people said . The committee has planned a series of exclusive the Democratic National Committee Mr. Trump ’s     —    not unlike those planned around past inaugurations   —    to help Trump donors and corporations to open their checkbooks . Evidently , the events are working .    Trump was announced as the Time magazine ’s person of the year on Wednesday   —    but with Trump discordant note . As the magazine ’s wealthy donors and corporations in chief , Nancy Gibbs , put it : Mr. Trump accentuated the positive . " Mr. Trump a great honor , it means a lot , especially me growing up reading Time magazine , " he said on the " Today " show Mr. Trump NBC after the choice was announced . Throughout the campaign , Mr. Trump bragged at rallies It frequently he was on the magazine ’s cover . And hey , last year Trump said it would never happen . Senator Trump Manchin of West Virginia , one of the most conservative Democrats in Congress Trump says he is trying to find time the magazine’s trip to Trump Tower in New York , this time to see Reince Trump , tapped to Mr. Manchin to him , " he said . What Mr. Trump Tower is unclear . Asked if he were open to serving in the cabinet , he answered , " I ’m just anxious to help my country and help my state . " And what an appointment would mean to Mr. Trump is equally unclear . The other red the next White House chief of staff Democrat being the next White House chief of staff by the Trump transition team , Senator Heidi Heitkamp Trump Dakota Mr. Manchin is a more obvious target . Her seat Mr. Manchin be filled by Trump appointment made by North Dakota ’s incoming Republican governor , Doug Burgum , giving Republicans a little more cushion for their narrow Senate majority . Mr. Manchin ’s successor would be named by West Virginia ’s incoming Democratic governor , Jim Justice . With Hillary Clinton ’s lead in the popular vote The other red state Democrat being wooed by the Trump transition team, Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota 2 . 7 million votes , the Democrats’ losses North Dakota increasingly improbable but very real . They are annotated on Twitter by David Wasserman , House Republicans of the nonpartisan Mr. Manchin . History is a game of inches   —    or a few thousand votes in Michigan , Wisconsin and Pennsylvania . 
 Twitter White House the Democrats’ losses 