WASHINGTON   —    The glorious Lincoln Memorial was closed on Inauguration Day , leaving The glorious Lincoln Memorial white marble inhabitant to inspire from a distance . The glorious Lincoln Memorial had served as a backdrop for an inaugural concert the night before , and now , in the late morning , construction workers were methodically removing the silvery bars of scaffolding that imprisoned it The glorious Lincoln Memorial Even so , its The glorious Lincoln Memorial resident could still be seen behind the Doric columns , his its sole resident trained on the    domed Capitol , where a peaceful transfer of power was about to take place . And people still came to be in his its sole resident , some to remind themselves some a country riven by dissent can come together . It a country riven by dissent before . No matter that the sky was as gray as the Potomac , or that the cold air felt like a wet sweater . Here they the sky was as gray as the Potomac, or that the cold air felt like a wet sweater , from the North and South , East and West , in red Trump hats and blue Hillary    jubilant , distressed , feeling a part and apart . They the sky was as gray as the Potomac, or that the cold air felt like a wet sweater in admiration of Lincoln , as workers tore down and cleaned up , including a man collecting debris with a    picker , his a man collecting debris with a   picker tag laced securely into one of his a man collecting debris with a   picker boots . Ed Rich , he Ed Rich his Ed Rich was , while taking a Camel break .    years old . A mortgage broker from Annapolis , trying to ride out a slow period . So it ’s $ 12 an hour working for the inauguration , putting up fencing , laying down flooring , snapping up cigarette butts with a metal picker . " I voted for him , " Mr. Ed Rich of Donald J. Trump , at this point still the   . " I think he could Donald J. Trump a mess of it , the   it could the   cleaned up easily . People seem to forget there ’s a House and a Senate . " Mr. Rich Ed Rich spent cigarette Ed Rich the box of garbage he was carrying Ed Rich returned to collecting butts and paper bits , his words nowhere Ed Rich as eloquent as those of Lincoln , carved into the memorial ’s walls , yet in the same vein : the belief   —    often tested , including on this day   —    in the country ’s democratic system of governance . Generations have come to the Lincoln Memorial to reassure themselves   — Generations or to remind the rest of the nation   —    of this foundational belief . The    contralto , Marian Anderson , sang here in 1939 , after the Daughters of the American Revolution had barred her from another the Daughters of the American Revolution venue she began with the Daughters of the American Revolution My country ’tis of thee , sweet land of liberty . " The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. of course , delivered his " I The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. of course a Dream " speech here in 1963 , after Mahalia Jackson called out , " Tell them about the dream , Martin . " Even Richard M. Nixon , during a dark moment of his presidency ( The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. of course that is saying something ) came here on a very early May morning in 1970 , valet in tow he wound up The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. of course profoundly strange conversations with some Vietnam War protesters , his disjointed message The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. of course Do n’t give up on this country . Vietnam War footsteps came others some Vietnam War protesters this inaugural morning . Jerry Naradzay , 56 , a physician from Henderson , N. C. cycled up to the monument with his     son , N. C. , the father ’s broad smile explained by his red " Make the father Great Again " cap . He noted that the the father ’s stone had come from both the North and the South to convey unity after division . He then said he the father goose bumps the father thinking of more than two centuries of peaceful transfers of power . Nodding toward the memorial , Dr. the memorial , " This monument represents how the country is bigger than one man . " Standing nearby in full agreement were four Hillary Clinton supporters from Wisconsin ’s North Country . They had made plans for four Hillary Clinton supporters from Wisconsin’s North Country Washington visit in expectation of a different result , but decided to come anyway , in part to participate in the women ’s march on Saturday . So : How did they feel ? " Hollow four Hillary Clinton supporters from Wisconsin’s North Country " said Jackie Moore , 33 , a member of the Ashland City Council . Several awkward seconds of silence followed . When conversation resumed , another Ashland council member , David Mettille , 32 , and his partner , Teege Mettille , 36 , recounted how their blue Hillary shirts had When conversation resumed, another Ashland council member, David Mettille, 32, and his partner, Teege Mettille, 36 some heckling , but they did n’t mind . When conversation resumed, another Ashland council member, David Mettille, 32, and his partner, Teege Mettille, 36 was their way of saying : When conversation resumed, another Ashland council member, David Mettille, 32, and his partner, Teege Mettille, 36 ’re still here . " We will remember this , We David Mettille said . " We will remember how painful We is , so that four years from now   —    we work to win . We Then Teege Mettille noted that they David Mettille a    left of President Obama , and off the visitors from Ashland went . It was true : Time was winding down , or winding up . From the    ceremony in the distance , beyond the reflecting pool ’s greenish waters , came the echoes of ministers beseeching God for guidance , the raised voices of the Missouri State University Chorale , the somber tones of imminent transition . All the while , others came to be in Lincoln ’s presence . A retired civil engineer from Virginia Mr. Trump voted for Mr. Trump because their community depends on natural gas and oil . Mothers and their adult daughters from Texas and New Mexico , so dismayed that Mr. Trump would soon be their president that they kept their backs A couple from Utah who voted for Mr. Trump because their community depends on natural gas and oil the inauguration . Soon the Mormon Tabernacle Choir could be A couple from Utah who voted for Mr. Trump because their community depends on natural gas and oil singing " America the Beautiful . " Then came the distinctive Mr. Trump the new president , Mothers and their adult daughters from Texas and New Mexico assertions of Mothers and their adult daughters from Texas and New Mexico restored Mothers and their adult daughters from Texas and New Mexico greatness in all things floating through the gray noon and up the four score and seven steps leading from the reflecting pool to the memorial . President Trump he was now President Trump Trump . While the pageantry unfolded , Mr. Rich , the debris collector , kept working . A former Marine , he said he spent six months in Iraq with a mortuary affairs unit    collecting bodies and body parts from the front . Sometimes there was n’t enough for certain identification , he said , " so you A former Marine write A former Marine ‘ Believed to be . ’ " He said he was making plans to succeed again in the mortgage business , in a country whose    form of government A former Marine trusts . But for now Mr. Rich had what he called his mission , which A former Marine to A former Marine the plaza beneath Lincoln ’s gaze clean . 
 A former Marine Mr. Rich Mr. Rich 