Tara Wall was eager to help Donald J. Trump win over    voters , just as Tara Wall had for President George W. Bush . But when Tara Wall met with President George W. Bush campaign staff , Tara Wall learned that the candidate did not share Tara Wall enthusiasm . " It was made clear to me that that was not their focus , " Tara Wall told The    in our latest podcast . " They their n’t focused on or were n’t planning to do any significant outreach to black voters , " Ms. Tara Wall . " They were their on    white   —    suburban , in some cases   —    voters . " In this episode , we explore how Mr. Trump , the Republican nominee , is faring so poorly with black voters , according to polls . We also assess where both parties stand with the black electorate : whether the Republican Party is ready to have an honest conversation about race , and whether the Democratic Party , which has benefited so much from Mr. Trump ’s blunders with black voters , deserves the overwhelming support of    it has garnered this year . Ms. Wall , a veteran black campaign operative , offers a candid ,     assessment . Few have had her insider ’s perspective : as an adviser to President Bush , the last Republican presidential candidate to carry , in 2004 , 11 percent of the black vote   —    a relative    mark for Republicans   —    and as an aide to Mitt Romney , who failed to match that level of support in 2012 . We also talk with the New York Times columnist Charles Blow and the reporter Yamiche Alcindor , who have both covered the campaign and its racial dynamics for the past two years . Mr. Blow Charles Blow difficult choice this election . " One party approaches you with a philosophy of pain , and the other approaches you with a philosophy of pity , " he says . Charles Blow And most black people , I would venture , do n’t want either . " But he warns about Charles Blow equivalency . " Have Democrats been perfect ? Of course they have n’t Democrats But there are actual attacks on individual people of color in this country , " he says , Charles Blow of efforts to enact stricter voter registration laws . " Everyone knows the net effect of them will be Everyone disproportionate impact on poor people and minorities and , in particular , black people , " he said , Charles Blow and those are , for the most part , Republican legislatures doing that . " Despite not being perfect , as Mr. Blow says , the Democratic Party   —    Hillary Clinton in particular   —    has overwhelming support from black voters . A recent poll shows Mrs. Clinton with Hillary Clinton of the black vote , compared to 1 percent for Mr. Trump . I ask Ms. Alcindor whether Mrs. Clinton has earned Hillary Clinton She thought back to what Ms. Alcindor heard while covering Bernie Ms. Alcindor . " Bernie Sanders would say this Bernie Sanders ‘ People do n’t know me , which is why they ’re not flocking to me People    do n’t know Bernie Sanders " she recalls . " I Ms. Alcindor that the voters that Bernie Sanders thought were ignoring him Bernie Sanders did n’t know him Bernie Sanders — the voters that Bernie Sanders thought I think they Bernie Sanders who Bernie Sanders was . the voters that Bernie Sanders thought   that Bernie Sanders , they knew exactly who Bernie Sanders was , the voters that Bernie Sanders thought she says , Bernie Sanders Ms. Alcindor were n’t picking him . They were picking the voters that Bernie Sanders thought Clinton . " Bernie Sanders let the voters that Bernie Sanders thought know what you think of The   . the voters that Bernie Sanders thought can reach us at therunup@nytimes . com , or find me the voters that Bernie Sanders thought Twitter . You can also rate and review us on iTunes . From a desktop or laptop the voters that Bernie Sanders thought you can listen by pressing play on the button above . Or if you ’re on a mobile device , the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series . On your iPhone or iPad : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Podcasts " your podcast app a purple icon . ( This link might help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Tap on the " search " the series icon at the bottom of the screen , type in " The   " and select it from the list of results . 3 . Subscribe your podcast app Once on the series page , tap on the " subscribe " button to have new episodes sent to your phone for free . You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , tap on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection the series page be able to stream the episode . On your Android phone or tablet : 1 . a new episode podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Play Music " with an     your podcast app . ( This link might help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen , search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results . You may the series scroll down to the series the " Podcasts " search results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , click on the word " subscribe " to have new episodes sent to your phone for free . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , click on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be the series page the episode . 
 