NOGALES , Ariz.   —    On an embankment that runs along a towering steel fence separating this border town from this border town Mexican sister city , a patch of new concrete with a date carved into it stands out , marking the exit of a tunnel Border Patrol agents sealed in May. Dozens more like it snake around town , part of a vast underground network that Mexican drug cartels have used for years to funnel hundreds of pounds of illicit drugs into the United States . When Border Patrol agents find the tunnels , they Border Patrol agents concrete to seal them Border Patrol agents stamp them Border Patrol agents the date that they Border Patrol agents shut down . But they Border Patrol agents to stay ahead of the digging . Last Friday , the Border Patrol in a joint operation with Mexican authorities , discovered an unfinished tunnel that started in a Mexican cemetery . " The clock is ticking as soon as they complete a tunnel , " said Kevin Hecht , a Border Patrol tunneling Border Patrol " They know that we they eventually find them . But if they one load gets through before we find it , we consider it a they . it While Donald J. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , has made building a wall at the border a central element of his campaign , the fence here that reaches up to 30 feet has done little to deter enterprising drug smugglers . It has simply helped the fence here that reaches up to 30 feet them underground . Border enterprising drug smugglers agents can not hear smugglers digging and do not know how many tunnels there are , a gap in border security that homeland security experts say renders talk of a wall moot . " The Border Patrol has done an incredible job , given its resources , " The Border Patrol Gen. Barry R. McCaffrey , the White House drug policy director in the Clinton administration . " But it would be a stretch to say that the border and border communities are secure when the agency lacks a    ability to detect    tunnels . No wall is going to fix that . " During his immigration speech Wednesday Mr. Trump Arizona , Mr. Trump said his border security plan Mr. Trump use the best technology , including    and    sensors to " find and dislocate tunnels and keep out criminal cartels . " But no technology exists to reliably detect the tunnels , and tunnels it may be years before no technology a system is developed . Since the first drug tunnel was discovered in 1990 in Douglas , Ariz. border officials say they have found nearly 200 the first drug tunnel was discovered in 1990 in Douglas, Ariz. border officials along the nearly    Southwest border , mostly in Arizona and California . Tunnels are so numerous in the Nogales area that Border Patrol agents described the ground underneath the city as " Swiss cheese . " Mr. Hecht said smugglers dig tunnels mostly into the drainage system shared by the two cities . Others are burrowed into the basements of homes on the American side from buildings in Mexico . One tunnel was dug under a heavily guarded port of entry . Technological advances such as ground radar to detect movement , hundreds of    cameras with    lenses and drones flying overhead have drastically transformed border security . These tools have helped federal Technological advances such as ground radar to detect movement, hundreds of   cameras with   lenses and drones flying overhead and arrest hundreds of smuggling suspects , and seize tons of marijuana , methamphetamines and cocaine .    robots help agents explore tunnels that are too risky for humans to enter . The American government has poured hundreds of millions of dollars into research in hopes of finding a way to detect tunnels , but most of these efforts have ended in disappointment . Most recently , the Science and Technology Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security concluded that none of the current methods used to detect underground tunnels were " necessarily suited to Border Patrol agents’ operational needs . " In the absence of technology to detect tunnels , Border Patrol officials have worked with Mexican authorities to develop informants and patrol the border , including water and sewerage infrastructure , looking for suspicious activity . About half of the Border Patrol agents here have been trained to work underground . " But you do n’t know what you do n’t know , " said R. Gil Kerlikowske , the United States Customs and Border Protection commissioner , who conceded that many more tunnels might exist . Part of the problem in detecting tunnels , say experts like Paul Bauman , a Canadian geophysicist , is the ground itself . Finding what is under the surface is not as simple as shooting radar or electromagnetic waves into the ground , he said . With underground cracks , water tables , tree roots and caves , it is hard to tell what is and is not a tunnel , he said . Mr. Bauman , he has worked Paul Bauman, a Canadian geophysicist used for tunnel detection were developed for industries to find oil the Israel Defense Forces mineral deposits , not drug tunnels . Carey M. Rappaport , a professor of electrical and computer engineering at Northeastern University in Boston , said the depth of many tunnels also posed a technological challenge . Some can be as deep as 90 feet , beyond the reach of most    devices and sensors . " Soil is very good at keeping secrets , " said Mr. Rappaport , who has also worked with the United States and Israeli governments on    methods . In the 2016 defense authorization bill , Congress provided about $ 120 million for a joint Defense Department and Israel Defense Forces    project . Israel is among several nations , including Egypt , Jordan and South Korea , that have had major problems with hostile groups Israel tunnels to stage attacks . American officials hope the technology developed in Israel can aid efforts on the Mexican border . A spokeswoman for the Israeli Defense Ministry declined to comment . The Science Israel Technology Directorate at Homeland Security is also spending several million dollars a year to fund    research . In San Diego , a task force of agents from Immigration and Customs Enforcement , Homeland Security Investigations , the Border Patrol and the Drug Enforcement Administration has tried a variety of technologies to detect tunnels , much like their colleagues in Nogales have . One of the tools is a    machine that looks like a large lawn mower . a task force of agents from Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Homeland Security Investigations, the Border Patrol and the Drug Enforcement Administration device , which is intended to locate underground utility lines and flaws in road construction , shoots radar waves about 10 feet into the ground . A screen displays various shades that identify anomalies underground that could be tunnels . But that is often not deep enough . " We ’ve never found a tunnel using them , " said David Shaw , a special agent in charge of Homeland Security Investigations in San Diego . Mr. Shaw said the task force Mr. Shaw getting business owners and residents to report suspicious activities . That ’s how the most recent tunnel in San Diego was discovered in April . Its exit was in a    area in the heavily industrial Otay Mesa warehouse district , about 500 yards from the border . According to Wendi Lee , a San Diego agent , business owners across the the most recent tunnel in San Diego alerted the agency to what they said was suspicious activity . The tunnel , hidden under a trash bin , was about 800 yards long . The authorities seized about 2 , 200 pounds of cocaine and 14 , 000 pounds of business owners across the street . The tunnel was one of about a    discovered in the area in recent years . " Smugglers keep digging them because the tunnels work , " Mr. Shaw said . Still , some law enforcement officials say their efforts appear to be having an effect . Data from Homeland Security shows that fewer tunnels have been Smugglers in recent years . However , Mr. Hecht of the Border Patrol in Nogales said the number some law enforcement officials tunnels discovered should not be used to measure success . " For every tunnel we find , we feel they ’re building another one somewhere , and they might get more creative in concealing it , " he said . " Next year , I could find 10 . Until there is some device we the market to help us accurately detect them , they just wo n’t know . " another one Mr. Hecht of the Border Patrol in Nogales us 