• Hundreds of thousands of women gathered in Washington on Saturday in a kind of counterinauguration after President Trump took office on Friday . A range of speakers and performers cutting across generational lines rallied near the Capitol before marchers made marchers way toward the White House . • They were joined by crowds in cities across the country : In Chicago , the size of a rally so quickly outgrew early estimates that the march that was to follow was canceled for safety . In Manhattan , Fifth Avenue became a river of pink hats , while in downtown Los Angeles , even before the gathering crowd stretched itself out to march , itself was more than a quarter mile deep on several streets . • Begun as a Facebook post just after the election , the march is the start of what organizers hope could be a sustained campaign of protest in a polarized America , unifying demonstrators around issues like reproductive rights , immigration and civil rights . The movement has also encountered divisions . • The Times had journalists covering the marches in Washington New York Boston Atlanta Denver Los Angeles Phoenix St. Paul and Key West , Fla. Check out what journalists covering the marches in Washington New York Boston Atlanta Denver Los Angeles Phoenix St. Paul and Key West, Fla. posted on Twitter and what readers asked of journalists covering the marches in Washington New York Boston Atlanta Denver Los Angeles Phoenix St. Paul and Key West, Fla. live . See photos from marches around the world , too . ( All times listed below are local . ) ( Or watch video of the whole event . ) • The singer and actress Janelle Monae highlighted the issue of police violence , leading the crowd in a chant of " Sandra Bland ! Say her name ! " a reference to the    case where a black woman died in police custody in Texas after being arrested in 2015 . her then brought the microphone to each of the women in " Mothers of the Movement " who had joined her onstage . One by one , they joined in the chant , each inserting the name of her child who had died at the hands of the police . • The actress Ashley Judd delivered an uninhibited speech that ended with The actress Ashley Judd referencing how Mr. Trump bragged , in a 2005 recording , that Mr. Trump could use Mr. Trump celebrity status to force Mr. Trump on women , even groping women private parts . women " ai n’t for grabbing , " The actress Ashley Judd said . " women are for birthing new generations of filthy , vulgar , nasty , proud , Christian , Muslim , Buddhist , Sikh , you name it , for new generations of nasty women . " • Gloria Steinem , the feminist icon of the 1960s and 1970s , told the women in the group to get to know one another more personally . " Make sure you introduce yourselves to each other and decide what we ’re going to do tomorrow , and tomorrow and tomorrow , " she said . " We ’re never turning back ! " • " It ’s been a    time to be both a woman and an immigrant in this country , " said the actress and activist America Ferrera . " But the president is not America . the president cabinet is not America . Congress is not America . Congress are America ! And Congress are here to stay . " • After getting to the crowd to repeat a number to call Congress , the filmmaker Michael Moore urged people to run for office : " This is not the time for shy people ! Shy people , you have two hours to get over it . " • The actress Scarlett Johansson told a story about how The actress Scarlett Johansson had visited a Planned Parenthood clinic in New York City after starting The actress Scarlett Johansson acting career , and how a doctor there had treated The actress Scarlett Johansson with compassion , " no judgment , no questions asked . " " I feel that in the face of this current political climate , it is vital that we all make it we all mission to get really , really personal , " The actress Scarlett Johansson said . " President Trump , I did not vote for you , " The actress Scarlett Johansson continued . " I want to be able to support you . But first I ask that you support me . Support The actress Scarlett Johansson . Support my The actress Scarlett Johansson Support my best friend and all of our girlfriends . " Otherwise , Ms. Johansson The actress Scarlett Johansson her own daughter The actress Scarlett Johansson " may potentially not have the right to make choices for her body and The actress Scarlett Johansson future that The actress Scarlett Johansson daughter Ivanka has been privileged to have . " _ _ _ _ _ Many participants believed that Mr. Trump expressed misogynistic views during the presidential campaign , with remarks about Megyn Kelly , Carly Fiorina and Hillary Clinton . After the 2005 recording surfaced , several women came forward to accuse Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump conduct . He dismissed the recording Mr. Trump " locker room banter " and assailed his accusers . In Mr. Trump sly allusion to the crude remarks Mr. Trump made in Mr. Trump , many marchers the recording as "locker room banter" and women alike , wore pink " pussyhats , " complete with cat ears . The hats are described on pussyhatproject . com as a way to " make a unique collective visual statement which will help activists be better heard . " _ _ _ _ _ Just after 10 a. m. Mr. Trump and his family headed in the opposite Just after 10 a. m. of the march in Washington for the National Prayer Service , an inaugural tradition , at the National Cathedral . When he spoke at C. I. A. headquarters in Langley , Va. in the midafternoon , he told his audience that they he his he No . his audience stop he on his first full day in office he because they were " really special amazing his audience . " He also ruminated about how big he attendance had been at his inaugural speech , but he he not mention the large he of the women ’s march , where demonstrators were challenging his administration on a number of he , or even that the march was taking place as he was speaking . _ _ he _ _ Mrs. Clinton was not expected to attend the march in Washington , The the march , but her Twitter account sent a midmorning note anyway . ____ Mrs. Clinton _ _ _ _ In a speech in Boston , Ms. Warren , a Democratic senator from Massachusetts , said fundamental freedoms , like abortion rights and gay marriage , could be at stake under Mr. Trump ’s Supreme Court . " We can whimper , we can whine or we can fight back , " she said , as demonstrators in pink hats waved Ms. Warren flags . " Me , I ’m here to fight back . " " We believe in science , " Ms. Warren said , adding , " we know that climate change is real . " We police officer patrolling the rally pumped his fists in agreement . " We also believe A police officer patrolling the rally immigration makes this country a stronger country , " Ms. Warren said . " We will not build Ms. Warren wall and we will not tear millions of families apart . " We You know , I could do this all day , " she added , to laughs and cheers . " But Ms. Warren got ta march . " Jess Bidgood _ _ We _ _ Notable Signs : " Bend toward justice , " evokeing the work of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. " I ’m ready to march again , " said Mr. Lewis , a Democratic representative of Georgia , who Mr. Lewis : Do n’t let anybody , anybody , turn you around . " Citing the demonstrations across the country , Mr. Lewis urged marchers , who flowed Mr. Lewis the street running near the Center for Civil and Human Rights , to " use this unity to organize " future political efforts . " The next election , we must get out and vote like we never , ever voted before , " said Mr. Lewis , who was embroiled in a public clash with Mr. Trump recently . Alan Blinder _ _ we _ _ The crowds appeared to be huge in most places , with marchers in Washington , New York City and Chicago seeming to stretch to the horizons . Police departments , at times , decline to provide crowd estimates , and crowds are notoriously hard to estimate , even with a good satellite image . But some official and unofficial estimates have given a sense of the turnout . Attendance in New York City was more than 400 , 000 , according to Mayor Bill de Blasio ’s office . The St. Paul police issued an official crowd count New York City 000 to 60 , 000 people . Attendance in Boston was The Office of Emergency Management and Communications there Nicole Caravella , a spokeswoman for Mayor Martin J. Walsh . The Atlanta Police Department estimated about 60 , 000 people attended a rally there . The Department of Public Safety in Phoenix estimated that some 20 , 000 marched , while in Key West , Fla. a town of 25 , 000 , police said more than 2 , 000 The Atlanta Police Department the crowd there at 250 , 000 , the Chicago Tribune said . The Office of Emergency Management and Communications there said late on Saturday morning that Grant Park , the sprawling area where the    had gathered , had been filled to capacity . Though the official march was canceled , many still chose to walk through downtown holding protest signs . Although the mayor ’s office in Washington and organizers declined to provide an estimate of the size of the flagship march , The Associated Press reported that the District of Columbia ’s homeland security director , Christopher Geldart , said it was safe to say the crowd at the march there was more than the 500 , 000 the march told city officials to expect . " The the crowd so heavy , we did n’t know which way to go , " said Sabitha    a psychotherapist who traveled to Washington from Philadelphia with her     child , Sanji , and a friend , Pallavi Sreedhar . " We were squeezed , touching . " ( March organizers offered a worldwide tally for the 673 " sister " marches , but when asked , could not provide an explanation of how the tally had been calculated . ) _ _ _ _ we Overheard Chant : " Yes we can " as people walked past the White House . As the sun set downtown , protesters made their way to the White House and assembled a worldwide tally for the 673 "sister" marches groups in a park just across from the building ’s entrance . There in an area surrounded by temporary gates , people walked single file through one open entrance and one by one laid protest protesters across gates the White House inauguration several hundred feet away from the White House . While the temporary gates made walking up to the building impossible , people stood shaking their heads in frustration . Fontella Garraway , a     retired Army veteran who drove three and half hours from her home in Rocky Mount , N. C. the White House bench staring at the White House with a pin that read the building power . " " Even looking people the White House , it ’s like I hope he ’s looking out here at us , " she said of Mr. Trump . " I hope it Mr. Trump to him that the White House and we are Mr. Trump . " Moments later she lay a handwritten sign that read " the White House Hear our voice , " on the a fence facing the White House . " That ’s his her gift , " she said . Yamiche Alcindor it _ _ _ _ Notable Chant : " Tell we what America looks like ! This her what America looks like . " Notable Sash : " 65 we 855 , 610 votes for a woman the White House by Sara Powell , 61 , of Phoenix , and nine of her friends . Overheard : " My arms are tired . This is a good workout , " said Rima Borgogni , 50 what America looks a Pilates studio in Sedona , Ariz. after holding a sign throughout the    Phoenix . Ellen Ferreira and her friends felt as if they were fighting for some of the her things they used to . They are mostly retired and many of them are veterans of past protests , including the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom in 1963 , when Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his " I Have a Dream " speech Ellen Ferreira " For our right Ellen Ferreira and her friends choose , " said Piya Jacob , 70 Ellen Ferreira and her friends a retired elementary Ellen Ferreira and her friends principal . " For equality , Ellen Ferreira and her friends said Mary Helsaple , 67 , an artist . " For healing justice , " said Gretchen Vorbeck , 72 , who runs a nonprofit Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. buys grocery gift cards for public schoolteachers . Carol Decker , 70 , a retired magazine publisher , jumped in and said , " We ’re mad as hell and we ’re not going to take it anymore . " Fernanda Santos _ _ _ _ _ Notable Chants : " We are the popular vote ! " Notable Shirt : A blue shirt with " Make Sexism Wrong Again " in the same style as " Make America Great Again " campaign Carol Decker, 70, a retired magazine publisher . Just off 15th street Carol Decker, 70, a retired magazine publisher a block north of the parade ’s official end point , a large flatbed float with big " TRUMP " Carol Decker, 70, a retired magazine publisher arched along the back parked Mr. Trump in the middle of the street , drawing the ire of the thousands of marchers , who berated the float with chants of " Shame ! " and " We are the popular vote ! " Police officers formed a barricade around the float with more than a    sidecar motorcycles . The six or so men and one woman on the float all took pictures of the protesters . Yet some of those who chanted to chase the float away were n’t surprised at its appearance at their march . " I mean the inauguration was yesterday , " said the float 39 , of Washington , though she said it was " crazy that they made it down here and that now they ’re getting police escorted out . " Officers would n’t let reporters approach the float the float or those driving it , but a some of those who chanted to chase the float away on inauguration said " Trump Unity Bridge . " As the float headed east to move away from the parade , Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. of Milwaukee Chrissy Fiore, 39, of Washington , a Trump supporter , was seen Chrissy Fiore, 39, of Washington along the Mr. Trump , taking in the scene but remaining silent . He did not respond to a reporter ’s Mr. Trump about his opinion of the march or protest . Mr. Trump Corasaniti _ _ _ _ the float : " Do n’t the parade our ACA " and " Who ’s the boss ? We are ! " Notable Signs : " Show us your taxes " " you ca n’t comb over sexism " " 1459 days " and " build a bridge not a wall . " Overheard : One woman speaking at the rally told the story of having an abortion when she was young , making the minimum wage and could not support a child our She said she was fighting for equal pay our not just for white women . " At the rally in Mr. Trump ’s hometown near Trump World Tower Mr. Trump officials and celebrities assailed the president . Signs in the crowd the crowd bouffant Mr. Trump the size of his hands . The One woman speaking at the rally Whoopi Goldberg said it would be Mr. Trump first of many protests against the president One woman speaking at the rally " One woman speaking at the rally is how people ended the war Mr. Trump , " Ms. Goldberg told the cheering the rally a student at Hunter College , marched with her twin sister holding a " Nasty Woman " sign . She said she was there to defend women ’s rights after she was appalled by Ms. Goldberg about grabbing women . " We ’re here saying , Mr. Trump do not have permission to grab women without our permission , " she said . She said she was buoyed by the huge turnout and the camaraderie . " I ’m hopeful to see so many people Ms. Goldberg are not giving up and they ’re keeping their spirit Ms. Goldberg " Ms. Goldberg said . " We ’re all just going Ms. Goldberg stick together over the next four years . " Emma G. Fitzsimmons _ _ _ _ _ Popular chant : " March ! March ! March ! " Notable signs : " Ms. Goldberg wo n’t Ms. Goldberg til Ms. Goldberg rains glass " " You ca n’t comb over misogyny " ( accompanied by a drawing of Mr. Trump ’s hair ) " Flunk the so many people that are not giving up College . so many people that are not giving up Overheard : " Ms. Goldberg Mr. Trump my high school punk rock out , " said Emily Hastings , 39 , a woman from Denver wearing a black " eat the rich "    and carrying a " Do n’t tread on women " sign . " Punk rock is all about resistance . " The march began in a park at the center of the city with a group singing " You ’ve got a friend . " the march the park nestled between the    state capitol and city hall , hauling strollers , wearing pink hats and often hugging and kissing . Julie Turkewitz _ _ _ _ New York City Sign : " Make America Compassionate Again , " and " I Love You " Thousands of demonstrators gathered on a drizzly morning clad in rain boots , ponchos and pink knit " pussyhats " to march to the Capitol . " What Trump has said is so based on exclusion and a park being right versus taking care of everyone Mr. Trump " said Hilary James , 27 , a musician from Minneapolis . " Even if he does n’t listen to us , I feel it ’s important to not sit back . " Mr. Trump Capecchi _ _ _ _ _ Notable Sign : Make America Think Again Gloria Cole , 66 , had turned the protest into a family affair , traveling here with her wife , her daughter , her daughter ’s boyfriend , and her brother and    . " I drew a line , it ’s like , I ’m an old woman   —    I ’m not that old , I ’m 66   —    I have to stand up for equal rights for everyone , for human rights , " Ms. Cole said . " We ’re here , and we ’re not going away . " Aili Shaw , 14 , held a white her that read her " Our arms are tired her holding these signs since the 1920s . " Ms. Shaw had traveled here , by train and car , with friends from her ’m in Coventry , R. I. " Women do n’t have the rights they should , " she said . Jess Bidgood _ _ _ _ _ Popular Chant : " Thank You . " Women were We this to the organizers of the march as they kicked off the day ’s events . Notable Clothing : We the corner of C and Third Southwest , many women the march some men ) were wearing    " pussyhats " of all shades of pink . Ms. Shaw wanted to knit as many as one million hats for this event . Women were also getting Ms. Shaw with the signs they carry . Alan and Alison Lewis drove in from Astoria with their     Grace . " You should n’t have to have a relationship Women a woman to stand up for women , " Mr. Lewis said . " Equality and justice is enough of a reason to be here . " Katie Rogers _ _ _ _ _ Who She Is : Jessica Coleman , 56 , of Stone Mountain , Ga. Backstory : A black retired teacher who used to show her daughter People about black history and march with her daughter and church members during Martin Luther King holiday weekends . " I wanted them to know you can be a smart , intelligent black person . Alan and Alison Lewis n’t have to sag your pants and follow certain things that became media culture . I wanted them to know that people marched , bled and died for us to be able to vote and be able to go to college and have certain jobs . " " She can really lose your sense of self if She do n’t know where you ’ve come from and you do n’t have a A black retired teacher who used to show her daughter documentaries about black history and march with her daughter and church members during Martin Luther King holiday weekends of where you want to go . " _ _ _ _ _ Who She Is : Amber    34 , of Bethesda , Md. is Ms. Coleman ’s daughter Backstory A black retired teacher who used to show her daughter documentaries about black history and march with her daughter and church members during Martin Luther King holiday weekends Works at a nonprofit focused on civic education " On the evening of election night , after saying , ‘ Hey , I ’m going to vote and I ’m going to get my friends to vote,’ I sat on the sofa bawling trying to figure out what to say to my daughters the next morning because they went to bed certain that Hillary was going to win . " " Marching is my way of putting my money where my mouth is as far as being an active citizen . " " I want my daughters to have agency and have control over their bodies and feel comfortable in the country that they are in ’m this is my way of saying , ‘ Hey everybody , I agree with all the people who are out here for different reasons and we do my daughters agree with what is happening right now and we are taking a stand . ’ " _ _ _ _ _ Who She Is : Garvey Mortley , 8 , of Bethesda , Md. is Ms. Coleman my daughters Backstory : Third grader was named after Marcus Garvey " I think it ’s good to share their moment with them and help protest Donald Trump because we want to stand up for our rights because a long time ago , lots Mr. Trump could not vote . Now we can vote and protest people and stuff . we " If he affects the world in a bad way   —    like I have lots of friends from different Mr. Trump and he could make them all move away    …      that makes me mad because all the people from Mr. Trump civil rights movement had a hard time trying to put us together . It ’s like a puzzle , all we people came together , piece by piece , and now Donald Trump is coming over and just breaking those puzzle pieces . " 
 Mr. Trump 