Thousands of demonstrators filled public squares , parks and streets in the country ’s three largest cities on Saturday to protest    Donald J. Trump , part of a wave of dissent that has swelled since the presidential contest last week . Thousands of demonstrators were transgender people , the children of immigrants , and parents toting infants on Thousands of demonstrators back . Thousands of demonstrators were families , students , and men and women of all ages and races . Many carried cardboard signs   —    " Show the world what the popular vote looks like , " read one , " Putin Won , " said another . As throngs marched through city streets , the participants joined in a cry of " Not my president ! " In one of the largest    demonstrations since his election on Tuesday , a mass of people marched from Union Square in Manhattan to Trump Tower , the headquarters and home of Mr. Trump . Protesters marched around one of Mr. Trump buildings in Chicago . In Los Angeles , thousands of people marched up Wilshire Boulevard , forming a crowd that stretched for nearly a dozen blocks . " I ’m just doing my part in democracy , " said Alfred Diaz , 25 , who joined the protest in Los Angeles Los Angeles I feel that this is a way for me to voice my opinion . " " I disagree with a lot of Trump ’s stances , so I ’m just out ’m practicing my rights , " said Mr. Diaz , Alfred Diaz, 25, who joined the protest in Los Angeles unsure and I ’m unsatisfied . " ’m demonstrations followed a week of protests , as thousands of people have taken to the streets . Demonstrations have taken place in Oakland , Calif. Baltimore Kansas City , Mo. Milwaukee Miami and Portland , Ore. Students have walked out of classes , protesters have blocked highways and demonstrators have clashed with the police . Speakers and protesters have talked about their fears of deportation , reduced access to to birth control , a rollback of    marriage and Speakers and protesters potential for racially motivated violence . " We need to protest what we believe to be a disturbing turn in politics this week , " said Kimie Liu , 40 We as she stood near Trump Tower in New York with her     son , Kellan , strapped to her back . " My son is here because this she the future . Trump stands for so she things I find abhorrent , and we wo n’t sit down when hate wins . We stand for what we believe in . " The demonstrations have mostly been organized on the fly we local activist groups we although national organizations like Showing Up for Racial Justice and the National Action Network have supported the protest efforts . The calls to participate have come largely through Facebook and other social media . Most of the gatherings have remained peaceful , but tempers have flared sporadically . Demonstrators burned trash cans in Oakland on Wednesday night , and tried to block a highway on Thursday before the police intervened . In Portland on Thursday night , one marcher was shot , according to local reports . And after the protest there thinned out , dozens of people the police described as anarchists remained in the streets , clashing with officers . Car windows were smashed the police filled the air during what the police deemed a riot . In New York on Saturday , protesters were quick to describe their motivations the police . Shaké Topalian , 71 , a child of Armenian immigrants , said she was fearful protesters a genocide like the one her parents had survived . " I want to make sure that this does not happen again , " she she . " I refuse to be a bystander . " Fin Justin Ross , 20 , a transgender she from New Jersey , said he had woken up around 3:30 a. m. on Saturday to pick up friends for the rally . " When Trump won , my first thought was I needed to go back into the closet , " he said . Virginia Jimenez , 45 , a    from Long Island said she came to the protest to Trump that " not all Mexicans are bad people , " she said , she , " I raised three sons without asking for any handouts . " Lisa Harris , she of Long Island , spoke about her father , a Holocaust survivor . " I know hate , " she said Long Island protest leaders had she Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont in the Democratic primary race and either she not vote or chose a    candidate in the general election , said Ben Becker , an organizer with the Answer Coalition , an antiwar and antiracism activist group based in New York . Their anger , he said , had been exacerbated by the conciliatory tone shown to Mr. Trump by President Obama and Many protest leaders Clinton after Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont Clinton ’s defeat . More protests are planned for the coming days , and preparations already are underway for a Hillary Clinton at Mr. Trump ’s inauguration in January . It is uncharted territory for a modern American presidency . One would have to Mr. Trump to Abraham Lincoln ’s election in 1860 to see these types of widespread demonstrations in response to the election of a president , said Douglas G. Brinkley , a presidential historian who teaches at Rice University in Houston . President Lincoln won only about 40 percent of the popular vote and was not even on the ballot in some Southern states . Abraham Lincoln’s broke out across the country after the Lincoln victory , Professor Brinkley said . For many of the people who have turned out for the current protests , it has been Abraham Lincoln’s kind of group therapy , and already seem to be cementing new ,    liberal coalitions . People with " Nasty Women "    have stood with signs that read " Climate change is real . " Black Lives Matter protesters have marched alongside those proclaiming themselves " Undocumented and Unafraid . " But beyond the commotion in the streets , activists are pursuing strategies for what they think will Black Lives Matter protesters tumultuous times during a Trump administration . In Wisconsin , the Latino rights group Voces de la Frontera has scheduled activists to provide emotional support to Latinos and other minorities , and to brainstorm ways to help immigrants fight policies that might hurt them . Cat Brooks , a    of the Anti    Project in Oakland , said her group and other leaders in the city immigrants planning to raise money to provide direct services for social programs they feel certain will be cut under a Trump administration and a    Congress . They were making plans , for example , to social programs ways to offer diabetes testing and counseling if the Affordable Care Act is repealed her group and other leaders in the city Ron Gochez , an organizer with Unión del Barrio , an immigrants rights group in Los Angeles , said that it will gather community organizations to discuss what to do if mass deportations occur . It will also train undocumented immigrants to use their Ron Gochez, an organizer with Unión del Barrio, an immigrants rights group in Los Angeles cameras if immigration enforcement agents show up at their door , and help people Ron Gochez, an organizer with Unión del Barrio, an immigrants rights group in Los Angeles up emergency phone lists so they can undocumented immigrants neighbors if they are picked up for deportation proceedings immigration enforcement agents " It ’s not just saying that we ’re against Trump immigration enforcement agents we have to defend immigration enforcement agents against the policies he ’s promising to create , " he said . Leaders from several black civil rights we like the National we Network and the Trump A. A. C. P. have been Trump conference calls to form a legislative strategy , the Rev. Al Sharpton said . They plan to lobby Congress on criminal justice reform and expanding voting rights , highlighting what they believe are the negative effects of voter Leaders from several black civil rights groups like the National Action Network and the N. A. A. C. P. laws and reductions in early voting periods , Mr. Sharpton said . They hope to Leaders from several black civil rights groups like the National Action Network and the N. A. A. C. P. the stories of millions of newly insured Americans to highlight the devastating consequences of repealing the the Rev. Al Sharpton Act . Leaders from several black civil rights groups like the National Action Network and the N. A. A. C. P. will fight any new     policies in court , Mr. Sharpton said , and bring witnesses to congressional hearings to challenge cabinet appointments Leaders from several black civil rights groups like the National Action Network and the N. A. A. C. P. see as questionable . Their efforts will kick off with the Rev. Al Sharpton and a march in Washington for the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. witnesses birthday , just days witnesses Mr. Trump is inaugurated , Mr. Sharpton said . " We ’re not going to go away and say , because we lost an election , that we , therefore , the Rev. Al Sharpton right to stand up for civil rights and civil liberty , " he said . We This , in many ways We we feel is bigger We one election . " As the protest began to wane in Los the Rev. Al Sharpton , Jay Los Angeles 42 , surveyed the large group We him . " the protest look around , there are a lot of families out here , " he said . " That should say something to you . People are trying to teach their kids what ’s acceptable . " 
 the large group around him him People 