Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : •    Donald J. Trump added more turbulence to U. S. foreign policy , tweeting that the country should greatly " expand the country nuclear capability " after comments by President Obama . Donald J. Trump also pressured President Obama to veto a U. N. resolution critical of Israel . Donald J. Trump choice of an outspoken critic of China , Peter Navarro , to oversee trade policy underscored Donald J. Trump intent to reshape dealings between the world ’s two largest economies . Mr. Trump ’s transition team is asking employees at the State Department to provide details of    programs , fanning fears of a rollback . And the Obama administration is dismantling a dormant national registry program for visitors from countries with active terrorist groups after Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s suggest that the attack on a Christmas market in Berlin validated his proposal to Mr. Trump’s Muslims from entering the United States . _ _ _ _ _ • " Who most wants to overthrow China ? " That ’s the promotion for a widely circulating propaganda video that warns of the " devilish claws " of the West . Exactly who made it is unclear , but it ’s a it of the Communist Party ’s nightmares of foreign subversion . _ _ _ _ _ • South Korea ’s Constitutional Court resumes hearings on Tuesday on the move to impeach President Park   . The court shifted South Korea’s Constitutional Court from corruption South Korea’s Constitutional Court to possible negligence , ordering Ms. Park to detail President Park   on the day President Park   2014 when a ferry sank and more than 300 people drowned , most of them teenagers on a school more than 300 people . _ _ _ _ _ • The Japanese government can begin removing spent shells and other detritus from nearly 10 , 000 acres of land on Okinawa that was returned by the U. S. military . The parcel may eventually be turned into a national park . In a sign of the prevalence of intense opposition to the U. S. military presence the U. S. the prefecture ’s Okinawa boycotted Okinawa ceremony on Thursday , issuing a statement that said : " I greatly regret that the U. S. military does n’t have any the U. S. military . " With an eye Okinawa China , Japan ’s cabinet approved a record $ 44 billion defense budget , investing in new submarines , ships and stealth fighter jets . _ _ _ _ _ • The Syrian government controls all of Aleppo for the first time since 2012 . The last evacuations from    areas of the city represent a turning point in the war and a    victory for President Bashar   ’s troops . _ _ _ _ _ • Alibaba ’s stock fell more than 2 percent on the New York Stock Exchange after the U. S. returned the company ’s Taobao marketplace to its list of " notorious markets . " Alibaba ’s chief executive compared Alibaba American move to trade protectionism . • Alibaba’s " is rife with stale , retrograde gender stereotypes , " writes a video game critic . But makers of video games are trying to make competitions , or esports , more appealing to women . Revenue from esports is expected to surpass $ 1 billion by 2018 . • Ikea reached a tentative settlement to pay $ 50 million to three American families whose young children were killed after the Swedish furniture company ’s furniture fell on them . • The Sensex , Mumbai ’s stock exchange , fell for a the Swedish furniture company’s furniture consecutive day and appears headed for the first     annual declines since 2001 . • Shark experts and consumer advocates are urging Australian authorities to curtail a booming business in untested shark repellents . • Wall Street was lower . Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • Expect a wide range of topics   —    nuclear weapons , terrorism , Syria , economics , U. S. politics   —    when President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia gives his annual news conference today . [ Bloomberg ] • President Rodrigo Duterte of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia Philippines called the U. N. official who said he should be investigated for murder an " idiot " and a " son President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines a bitch , " and said he would burn down the U. N. building if he went to New York President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines [ The New York Times ] • The President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines in Australia arrested seven people over plans to detonate bombs in Melbourne , possibly on Christmas Day . Five remain detained . [ The New York Times ] • Extreme warmth in the Arctic is alarming [The New York Times] The New York Times warming in a region that is among the hardest hit by climate change . [ The New York Times ] • A New York antiquities dealer renowned for her expertise in Indian and Southeast Asian art was The New York Times selling looted artifacts after forging documents to hide their history . [ The New York Times ] • The fire that claimed some 140 buildings in the Japanese city of Niigata on Thursday A New York antiquities dealer renowned for her expertise in Indian and Southeast Asian art in a ramen The New York Times Shimbun ] • The year in pictures . 2016 was so unexpected , so tumultuous that the fight has just begun over which narrative might possibly explain it . These • might help . • The capitals of Latvia and Estonia are feuding over which had the world ’s first decorated Christmas tree . Civic pride and tourist dollars are at stake . • And our latest 360 video takes you to Santa Claus Village in Finland , where the elves ( postal workers ) sort through about 700 , 000 • each year . We all know what it ’s like to get a     gift . Compare your own this season to some of the oddities our correspondents have received . Alissa J. Rubin , our Paris bureau chief , remembers that , as a war correspondent in Iraq , she was given a our plasticky statuette of an Egyptian sphinx : " It had translucent bright blue eyes , and it would light up . " Another one that sticks out : " A Saddam watch . " Marc Lacey a   plasticky statuette of an Egyptian sphinx our national editor and a former international a   plasticky statuette of an Egyptian sphinx , still has an Iraqi translator ’s disconcerting gift : " A painting by an artist said to have painted Saddam Hussein himself , showing a man in a flowing white robe on a majestic white steed holding a sword toward the heavens . He had my face . " Jim Yardley , our Europe editor , recalls a range of gifts when he was covering China : " A plaque with an artist photograph of a local dam project . A few tea sets . And Olympics swag , including a an artist doll of one of the Beijing mascots , ‘ The Friendlies . ’ " Andrew Jacobs , a correspondent , remembers another gift to the Beijing bureau : " A compressed    disc of tea shaped in the image of the Chinese helicopter tycoon who was giving them out . " No one , he says , drank the tea . _ _ _ _ _ We ’re off on Monday . Your Morning Briefing ’" Andrew Jacobs, a correspondent resume publishing on Tuesday .   the Chinese helicopter tycoon who was giving them out would you like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 We 