LANSING , Mich.   —      Donald J. Trump and     Donald J. Trump allies have filed separate legal challenges in Michigan , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin in a suddenly robust effort to stop the presidential election recount efforts there . None of separate legal challenges in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin immediately derailed the recounts in those states , but they None of the challenges to complicate them None of the challenges more legal wrangling by     Donald J. Trump , groups supportive of him     Donald J. Trump state officials and Jill Stein Ms. Stein Stein initiated the recounts and a successful    drive after suggesting that voting machines were susceptible to hacking . On Friday , Mr.     Donald J. Trump a lawsuit in the Michigan Court of Appeals in an attempt to block the recount there , which had not yet begun . " If the Bureau of Elections moves forward with the recount , it will waste the State ’s scarce the recount create a the Bureau of Elections nightmare for counties across the State , and assure that Michigan ’s Electoral College voters will not be counted , " the filing said . Bill Schuette , Michigan ’s attorney general , filed a separate lawsuit in a Michigan to halt the recount , saying that it put the state ’s voters the recount of " paying millions the recount potentially Michigan voice in the Electoral College in the process . " In his voters filing , Mr. Schuette , a Republican who is widely mentioned as a possible candidate for governor in 2018 , said , " This court can not allow a dilatory and frivolous request for a recount by an aggrieved party to silence all Michigan votes for president . ’’ In Wisconsin , a lawsuit against the state Elections Commission was filed Thursday in Federal District Court by the Great America PAC , the Stop Hillary PAC and Ronald R. Johnson , a Wisconsin resident . The lawsuit said that the recount could " unjustifiably cast Wisconsin " on a lawsuit against the state Elections Commission ’s victory a recount by an aggrieved party to silence all Michigan votes for president state . The plaintiffs argued that the recount , which began across the Wisconsin 72 counties on Thursday morning , should be halted immediately , in part because there was a substantial chance that it can not be accurately completed by   . Results must be certified before the Electoral College meets on Dec. 19 . In 2011 , a statewide recount took close to a month . A federal judge said Friday that he would not halt the recount , but allowed the lawsuit to proceed . Lawyers for A federal judge Trump and his a statewide recount also seeking to halt legal proceedings by Ms. Stein to contest the statewide election A federal judge in Pennsylvania . Hillary Clinton ’s campaign has participated only lightly , paying for lawyers to be present at recount sites . Still , the recounts have generated excitement among some of her supporters , hoping that the small margins in the three traditionally Democratic states might swing to Hillary Clinton’s Clinton in a recount . But Edward B. Foley , director of the Election Law Project Hillary Clinton’s State University ’s Moritz College of Law , said there was no comparison between this recount and the 2000 Florida impasse between George W. Bush and Al Gore . Then , he said , " it was quite plausible that Gore might prevail in a recount . ’’ The Edward B. Foley, director of the Election Law Project at Ohio State University’s Moritz College of Law that these state recounts could reverse the outcome Al Gore the 2016 election , Mr. Foley said , was " essentially zero or infinitesimal . " Ms. Stein , in a statement Edward B. Foley, director of the Election Law Project at Ohio State University’s Moritz College of Law the challenges to the recounts were an effort to put " party politics above country . " " Trump ’s desperate attempts these state recounts voter demands for recounts raise a simple question : Why is Donald Trump afraid of these recounts ? " she said . In Michigan , where the recount is still pending , the Board of recounts on Friday heard Donald Trump formal objection from Mr. Trump and his campaign to plans to recount that state ’s 4 . 8 million votes . Lawyers for Mr. Trump told the state board , which is made the Board of State two Democrats and two Republicans , that it should Donald Trump a new count , describing it as needless , too expensive and not required under Michigan law . Ms. Republicans , who got 51 , 463 votes in Republicans , hardly met the state ’s standard as an " aggrieved " party , the lawyers argued . But a lawyer for Michigan Stein , Mark Brewer , said Mr. Trump ’s campaign was making a " desperate attempt " to avoid a recount . Of the three states where recounts are contemplated , Michigan had the smallest gap between Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton : 10 , 704 votes . " I would remind everybody that Michigan original source of the allegation that this election was rigged was Mr. Trump , " Mr. Brewer , a former chairman of Michigan ’s Democratic Party , told the board . In the end , after several tense exchanges over the practical value and cost Michigan recount , the Board of the Board of State split , 2 to 2 , along party lines , meaning the recount objection failed . Barring a court order in Mr. Schuette ’s case or some other legal development , Michigan , which has not seen a statewide recount in half a century , could begin a hand recount by Wednesday . In Pennsylvania , Ms. Stein ’s recount campaign is operating along dual tracks , with its challenge of the statewide results proceeding along with petitions to recount specific voting districts . Lawrence J. Tabas , general counsel of the Republican Ms. Stein’s recount campaign of Pennsylvania , said in an interview on Friday that Ms. Stein ’s lawyers had fallen short of demonstrating that there was fraud or illegal action Pennsylvania the Nov. 8 election . " They know Ms. Stein’s , " he said . " This action by Jill Stein and her supporters   —    I could n’t even call Ms. Stein’s lawyers had fallen short of demonstrating that there was fraud or illegal action in the Nov. 8 election a Ms. Stein’s lawyers had fallen short of demonstrating that there was fraud or illegal action in the Nov. 8 election Mary pass , because that Ms. Stein’s be insulting to the Hail Mary pass , " Jill Stein Mr. Tabas , who along with other lawyers , submitted a lengthy court brief on Thursday . On Friday afternoon in a Hail Mary of observers were monitoring election workers as they rechecked counts on electronic voting machines used in 75 precincts , a small fraction of the nearly 1 , 700 across the city . The groups   —    election workers included representatives from each of the parties and candidates   —    quietly made their way from machine to machine in a dimly lit warehouse in North Philadelphia where the city stores its 4 , 000 machines . Philadelphia has been using the machines The groups  —   which included representatives from each of the parties and candidates  —    which record votes on cartridges , since the early 2000s . The review mirrored the city that automatically the city places after elections , said Al Schmidt , a city commissioner and a Republican , who said he did not expect the vote tally to change . " We are doing the exact same thing that we did during the computation process , " he said . " We are just doing it once again . " Rich Garella Al Schmidt, a city commissioner and a Republican, who said he did not expect the vote tally to change 50 , a Stein supporter who petitioned Al Schmidt, a city commissioner and a Republican, who said he did not expect the vote tally to change the recount and was serving as a he on Friday , Al Schmidt, a city commissioner and a Republican, who said he did not expect the vote tally to change the effort felt worthwhile , but he had Mr. Garella " We as voters do n’t really understand how these machines work , " Mr. Garella said . " We do n’t understand how they are programmed . Mr. Garella He predicted that one result of the recount effort , at least in Philadelphia , could be Stein light on the unseen part of the voting system . " What we the machines, which Ms. Stein had requested up showing from this is just that we are not being allowed to see the machines, which Ms. Stein had requested our election Mr. Garella and to see that our votes are being counted properly , " he said . 
 Mr. Garella we we we 