DAVOS , Switzerland   —    For the investors and    at the annual World Economic Forum here , a threat lurks . At cocktail parties where the Champagne flows , financiers have expressed bewilderment over the rise of populist groups that are feeding a backlash against globalization . In the halls of the Davos Congress Center , where many of the meetings this week are taking place , investors have tried to make sense of the political upheaval . The world order has been upended . As the United States retreats from the promise of free trade , China is taking up the mantle . The stark shift leaves investors trying to assess the new risk and opportunities in the global economy . " This is the first time there is absolutely no consensus , " said William F. Browder , a    of Hermitage Capital Management who has been coming to Davos for 21 years . " Everyone is looking into the abyss . " The religion of the global elite   —    free trade and open markets   —    is under attack , and there has been a lot of    over what Christine Lagarde of the International Monetary Fund has declared a "   crisis . " But while all attendees in Davos have a view on the state of the world , there is little agreement on how to deal with it . The biggest concern ? Finding a way to make the people who are driving populist movements feel like the people who are driving populist movements are part of the global economic pie that Davos participants have created and largely own . In a Twitter post from the Swiss resort , Ian Bremmer , the president of Eurasia Group , a    firm , offered his advice : " Elites wo n’t be able to manage populism until Elites stop seeing it as a threat and start seeing it as a symptom . " If that is the case , Davos has , so far , made little progress . " I want to be loud and clear : Populism scares me , " Mr. Dalio , said during a panel on how to fix the    crisis . " The No . 1 issue economically as a market participant is how populism manifests itself over the next year or two populism " But Mr. Dalio offered little by way of a solution , beyond opining on the positive aspects of loosening regulation and lowering taxes . On the subject of rising populism , Mr. Dalio , who runs the $ 150 billion investment firm Bridgewater Associates , added : " It ’s an    way of operating . " Jack Ma , the founder of Alibaba in China , offered his view of the problem in the Jack Ma, the founder of Alibaba in China States . Americans , he said , " do not distribute Jack Ma, the founder of Alibaba in China money properly . " If there was one thing that Davos attendees agreed on last year , it was that Donald J. Trump would not win the United States presidential election . And the United States , with Mr. Trump ’s inauguration on Friday coinciding with the Donald J. Trump the World Economic Forum , every conversation has drifted to one question : What will the Trump presidency look like , and what will it mean Donald J. Trump business ? To many American financiers who the Trump presidency opposed Mr. Trump ’s candidacy , the prospect of fewer regulations Donald J. Trump slate with a new leader has assuaged some of the fear about uncertainties . At the forum , some attendees have been thrust into a role of the World Economic Forum    to a befuddled global elite . " He ’s not necessarily communicating in a way that the people in this community would love , " said Anthony Scaramucci , a hedge fund regular at Davos and onetime critic of Mr. Scaramucci large group of He population in Europe and the U. S. that are feeling a common struggle right now . " Mr. Scaramucci promised that Mr. Trump had " the utmost respect for Angela Merkel , " the German chancellor who was the subject of an attack by the    this week that he was in fact a champion of free trade and that he wanted Mr. Trump a " phenomenal relationship with the Chinese , " despite his fiery    language . Soon after his appearance on a panel , Mr. Scaramucci was on Mr. Trump plane heading to Washington to attend Mr. Trump ’s inauguration Mr. Trump But his words still resonated , mainly because they were being broadcast on Mr. Trump giant screen behind a coffee bar Mr. Trump World Economic Forum participants congregated Mr. Trump . One Davos regular , the billionaire investor Paul Singer , did not attend this year Mr. Trump Mr. Singer , a vociferous critic of Mr. Trump for most of the election campaign , was instead making his way to Washington for the inauguration , having recently donated $ 1 million to the event . One major investor has not changed his views about Mr. Trump , however Mr. Trump’s Soros , the investor and philanthropist who has called Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s a con man , " hosted a dinner on Thursday evening in Davos , during which he said that Mr. Trump " would Mr. Trump’s a dictator Mr. Trump’s could get away with it . " This was unlikely to happen , he added , because of strong democratic institutions in the United States . For those who have been puzzled over Mr. Trump’s euphoria since Mr. Trump ’s election , Mr. Soros put Mr. Trump’s this way : " Markets see Trump dismantling regulations and reducing taxes   Mr. Trump’s    and that has been their dream . " But Mr. Soros , who became known as the man who broke the Mr. Trump with a bet against the British pound in 1992 , added that he was convinced that Mr. Trump would fail . " I do n’t think the those who have been puzzled over market euphoria since Mr. Trump’s election, Mr. Soros put it this way are going to do very well , " he said . When President Xi Jinping addressed the Davos forum , becoming the first Chinese head of state to do so , his message was clear Trump is ready for the world stage . He championed free trade and open markets , setting the tone for he week . On the sidelines , the country ’s business leaders echoed that sentiment . Among the delegation that arrived in Davos President Xi Jinping Mr. Xi were some of China ’s biggest business leaders including Mr. President Xi Jinping , Wang Jianlin of Dalian Wanda , and top executives from Baidu , Huawei Technologies and China Telecom China week , they have been meeting with investors and talking deals with Davos partners . With Mr. Xi ’s help , China has fashioned itself here as a new leader of the    world . " I was n’t sure if it was President Xi or Ronald Reagan , " joked Thomas some of China’s biggest business leaders including Mr. Ma, Wang Jianlin of Dalian Wanda, and top executives from Baidu, Huawei Technologies and China Telecom Farley , president of the New York Stock Exchange . At a lunch with Mr. Ma of Alibaba , Mr. Xi China quoting Abraham Lincoln , Mr. Ma told a small group of participants on Wednesday . It was a message somewhat at odds with the roots of China ’s ruling Communist Party . And back in Washington , Wilbur Ross , Mr. Trump ’s nominee for commerce secretary Mr. Xi’s not mince words , calling China " the most protectionist " major economy , setting the stage for a possible trade war . But in Davos , there was a sense that change in the economic order was afoot . Alicia Bárcena Ibarra , who heads the United Nations Economic Commission for Latin America and the China , told a small group that China could soon overtake the United States when it comes to importance in Latin America . She described how on the same day last year that Mr. Trump told the world he would not sign the    Partnership , Mr. Xi arrived for a summit meeting in Chile . " So China you imagine the Latin America came China about free trade as he did Latin America ? " she said , referring to Mr. Xi ’s address on Tuesday in Davos . " Mr. Trump now is the    important trade partner of Latin America after the U. S. " " Maybe this is going to change , " she Mr. Trump . " Very soon . " Mr. Trump Alicia Bárcena Ibarra, who heads the United Nations Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean Alicia Bárcena Ibarra, who heads the United Nations Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean Mr. Xi 