With Democratic leaders increasingly worried about a lack of passion for Hillary Clinton among young black voters , President Obama is rolling out a new and more personal campaign message : " It ’s about me . " President Obama told    this weekend he President Obama consider it this weekend " personal insult " if they did not vote for Hillary Clinton , implicitly putting his name President Obama the line as his former President Obama of state struggles to replicate the coalition that delivered him victories President Obama 2008 and 2012 . " My name may not be on the ballot , but our progress is on the ballot the ballot Mr. Obama said on Saturday night at the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation gala dinner in Washington , where Mrs. Clinton also spoke . " Tolerance is on the ballot . the ballot on the ballot . Justice the ballot the ballot . " Mr. the ballot previously made the Mr. Obama Mrs. Clinton during campaign stops and in Mrs. Clinton at the Democratic National Convention Mr. Obama But his remarks on Saturday carried a more Mr. Obama tone , and a tacit acknowledgment that he may be the only one who Mr. Obama bring out the coalition of young , black and Latino voters who Democrats are counting on on Nov. 8 . " That speech went beyond the room . It his speech at the Democratic National Convention the moment , " said Donna his speech at the Democratic National Convention , the interim chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee . " That was the president essentially saying , ‘ Do n’t leave it on the field . ’ " During the his speech at the Democratic National Convention primary race , Mrs. Clinton enjoyed tremendous support from    voters , especially older black women , who helped her beat back a challenge from Senator Bernie Sanders Mrs. Clinton Vermont . And Mrs. Clinton now holds a gaping advantage of 83 Mrs. Clinton over the Republican presidential nominee , Donald J. Trump , among black voters , according to a New York    News poll released last week . But many Democrats say Mrs. Clinton ’s statistical advantage obscures concerns about turnout and Mrs. Clinton . Younger black voters , in particular , have expressed misgivings about Mrs. Clinton because of some of the policies of her husband Mrs. Clinton . These voters specifically point to the 1994 Mrs. Clinton bill , which put Younger black voters officers on the streets , but also led to tougher sentences for nonviolent drug offenders and the overhaul of welfare , which reduced federal assistance for the poor by nearly $ 55 billion over six years . In addition , it is hard for Mrs. Clinton to replicate the deep personal affection and pride that many    feel for Mr. Obama . " People say , ‘ It does n’t matter because Hillary Clinton will get 90 percent of the    vote,’ " said Charlie Mrs. Clinton a prominent New York Democrat . " The question is , ‘ Ninety percent of what?’ Turnout makes a difference . " With 50 days until the election , Minyon Moore , a senior adviser to the Clinton campaign , called Mr. Obama ’s remarks on Saturday " a true    Mrs. Clinton " to his coalition of supporters . In part , the speech reflected the president ’s Mr. Obama’s to use the outsize sway he has with black voters , especially younger people who had not been engaged the president’s politics before his bids for the White House . But in recent days , advisers to the president’s Obama say , the president has grown exasperated with the tenor of the campaign   —    the president’s    of questions about his birthplace , an issue that he and many of his supporters have long regarded the president’s racist . While his advisers the president’s suggested his most the president’s role in the Clinton campaign is as a advisers to Mr. Obama has come the president’s respect his onetime rival , Mr. Obama is also determined to warn his supporters about the the president’s of failing to the president’s and essentially ceding the presidency to the president’s his supporters Mr. Obama ’s speech coincided this weekend with massive      efforts by the Clinton campaign , the president’s of 55 , 000 volunteers to lead more than 2 , 000    the Clinton campaign , North Carolina and Ohio . " Are we where we need to be ? Probably not , " Ms. Moore said . " Are we going to get to where we need to be ? Absolutely . " The blunt and personal language from Mr. Obama seemed to reverberate . By 9 we m. Sunday , the Rev. Al Sharpton began taking calls from black listeners to his " Keepin’ It Real " radio program who said they had misgivings about Mrs. Clinton , but could not bear to the Rev. Al Sharpton Mr. Obama . " Making not voting synonymous with an insult to the president is a shot in the arm , " Mr. Obama said in an interview . After devoting much of the summer Mr. Obama woo white suburban voters turned off by Mr. Trump the Rev. Al Sharpton Clinton campaign has refocused its efforts to a big turnout push directed at black and young voters . In the weeks since Labor Day , Mrs. Clinton has held the Clinton campaign before largely black crowds in Cleveland , at a historically black college in Charlotte , N. C. and at a Clinton Greensboro , N. C. She spoke about her deep ties to black churches while at the National Baptist Convention in Kansas City , Mo. she called into Tom Joyner ’s Clinton program when Clinton was home sick with pneumonia and , this past week , she addressed the Black Women Clinton Agenda Symposium . The Clinton campaign plans to Clinton Mr. Obama and the first lady , Michelle Obama , as Clinton as possible in the coming weeks , making particular use of the couple in Florida , Ohio and North Carolina   —    in areas of those states that Mr. Obama won handily in 2008 and 2012 . After campaign aides insisted in June that Mr. Obama would not be pigeonholed to reach    voters , whose support appeared steady for Mrs. Clinton , the campaign has appeared to acknowledge his Mr. Obama needed , sending him to cities like Philadelphia and Charlotte , which are home to many black voters . " There ’s some thought Mr. Obama without him on the ticket Mr. Obama the same enthusiasm might not be there for Hillary Clinton , " said Representative Charles B. Rangel of New York . " Mr. Obama think it ’s very smart for the president to say it ’s Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton in the future , it ’s the wiping out of all the progress we made not just over Mrs. Clinton , but over it many , many Mrs. Clinton " If schedules permit , it campaign would like to organize another rally featuring Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton side by side . " It ’s a little bit of magic when they ’re on stage together , " Ms. Moore said . In a panel discussion Mrs. Clinton in Washington , Marc H. Morial , the chief executive of the National Urban League , forcefully told a young woman who suggested that some people may not vote because of frustration that " this is not the first generation to be frustrated and not voting is not a viable nor intelligent strategy . " Mr. King and Mr. Morial are also participating in " Barack Obama Election Day , " a designated day on Nov. 1 during which civil rights leaders will seek to engage    in battleground states around issues , such as an overhaul of the criminal justice system , which Mr. Obama championed . " It ’s all about creating some enthusiasm around this race , if not necessarily around a candidate , " Mr. King added . Not everyone finds that pitch or Mr. Obama ’s remarks compelling , especially given that    have been such a loyal voting bloc for the Democrats and the Clintons over the years . " Absolutely hate this Mr. Obama the necessity of voting ( for Democrats ) that places all the blame on marginalized and young folks , " Vann R. Newkirk II , a writer for The Atlantic , said on Twitter . " Black folks have done above and beyond their part already . " 
 Black folks 