Donald J. Trump reeled on Sunday amid a sustained campaign of criticism by the parents of a Muslim American soldier killed by a suicide bomber in Iraq and a rising outcry within Donald J. Trump own party over Donald J. Trump rough and ethnically charged dismissal of the couple . The confrontation between the parents , Khizr and Ghazala Khan , and Donald J. Trump has emerged as an unexpected and potentially pivotal flash point in the general election . Mr. Donald J. Trump plainly struggled to respond to the reproach of a military family who lost a son , and has answered their criticism the reproach of a military family who lost a son   —    first implying that Ms. Khan had been forbidden to speak at the Democratic National Convention , then declaring that Mr. Khan Ms. Khan no right " to question Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump with the Constitution . And Mr. Trump ’s Donald J. Trump tool kit has appeared to fail him . He earned Donald J. Trump reprieve Donald J. Trump his complaints that Mr. Donald J. Trump had been unfair Ms. Khan on Sunday morning , he Ms. Khan on Twitter that Mr. Ms. Khan had " viciously attacked Ms. Khan . Mr. Trump and his advisers Ms. Khan repeatedly Mr. Trump Islamic terrorism , to no avail . Instead , Mr. Trump appeared to be caught on Sunday in one of the biggest crises of his campaign , rivaling the uproar in June after he suggested Mr. Trump federal judge , Gonzalo P. Curiel , was Mr. Trump because of his Mexican heritage . By going after a military family and Mr. Trump in religious stereotypes , Mr. Trump once again breached multiple norms of American politics , Mr. Trump on his fellow Republicans to choose between defending his remarks or breaking publicly Mr. Trump their nominee . Mr. Trump also Mr. Trump reopening controversies related to religious Republicans and military Mr. Trump His treatment of the Khans has brought on a new wave of criticism Mr. Trump his proposal to ban Muslim immigration , and of his mockery of Senator Mr. Trump McCain ’s time as a prisoner of war Mr. Trump Vietnam . Democratic leaders and candidates for Congress began over the weekend to call on Republicans to disavow Mr. Trump . And the top two Republicans in Congress , House Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Senator Mitch McConnell , the Congress leader , signaled their strong disagreement with Mr. Trump , but stopped short of condemning him the top two Republicans in Congress, House Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Senator Mitch McConnell, the majority leader blunt terms . Mr. Trump , the Democratic presidential nominee , sternly Mr. Trump Mr. Trump on Sunday morning , saying at a church in Cleveland that he Mr. Trump the Khan family ’s sacrifice with disrespect for them and for American Mr. Trump of religious tolerance . " Mr. Khan paid the ultimate the Khan family’s in his family , did n’t he ? " Khan said . " And what has the Khan family’s from Donald Trump Khan Nothing but insults , degrading comments about Muslims , a Khan misunderstanding of what made our country great . " Mrs. Clinton chastised Mr. Trump again on Sunday in Ashland , Ohio , calling his comments part Mrs. Clinton disturbing pattern Donald Trump He called Mexicans rapists and criminals , " Mrs. Clinton Donald Trump . " He said a federal judge was Donald Trump because he had Mexican heritage   Mrs. Clinton someone born in the neighboring Donald Trump of Indiana . He ’s called women Donald Trump . He ’s mocked a reporter with a disability . " Mr. and Ms. Khan Donald Trump their denunciation of Mr. Trump Donald Trump Sunday , saying that he lacked the moral character and empathy to be president Mr. and Ms. Khan Mr. Khan , who addressed the Democratic National Convention Donald Trump Thursday , said on " Meet the Press " on NBC that Mr. Trump had shown disrespect to his wife , and he accused Mr. Trump of running a campaign " of Mr. Trump of derision , of dividing Mr. Trump . " In Mr. Trump direct Mr. Trump voters inclined to support Mr. Trump , Mr. Khan pleaded with them to reject his brand of politics . Addressing " patriotic Americans that would probably vote for Donald Mr. Trump " Mr. Khan voters inclined to support Mr. Trump , " Mr. Trump appeal to them not to vote for hatred , not to vote for Mr. Trump Vote for unity Mr. Trump for the goodness of this country . voters inclined to support Mr. Trump And Ms. Khan , in an opinion article published in The Washington Post , rebuked Mr. Trump for suggesting earlier in the weekend that she had Mr. Trump permitted to speak at the Democratic convention . Ms. Khan said she did Mr. Trump because she did not believe she could remain Mr. Trump while talking about her son . " All the world , Mr. Trump , felt Mr. Trump pain . I am Mr. Trump Gold Star mother Mr. Trump Whoever saw me felt me in Mr. Trump heart , " Ms. Khan wrote , using the term for surviving family members of those killed in war . " Donald Trump has children whom he loves . Does he Mr. Trump to wonder why I did not speak ? " Ms. Khan said Mr. Trump was " ignorant " of Islam and criticized Donald Trump for offering his Donald Trump career as evidence that he had sacrificed for his country . Mr. Trump Trump said Donald Trump made a lot of sacrifices , " Ms. Khan Donald Trump . " Donald Trump does n’t know what the Donald Trump sacrifice means . Donald Trump It is too Donald Trump say how Donald Trump the damage to Mr. Trump might Mr. Trump but the clash has already entangled Donald Trump in a    dayslong argument with sympathetic accusers who are portraying him as a person of unredeemable callousness . Still , Donald Trump proved remarkably resilient , getting past controversies that might have Donald Trump other candidates . Several prominent Republicans have condemned Mr. Trump ’s Donald Trump of the Khans , calling his behavior outside the Donald Trump of political discourse . But Republican congressional leaders responded cautiously to Mr. Trump . Mr. Ryan and Mr. McConnell released Donald Trump admiration for the Khan family Mr. McConnell called Donald Trump . Humayun Khan an " American hero . " And both said they firmly opposed Donald Trump immigration , though neither mentioned Mr. Trump , whom they Mr. Ryan and Mr. McConnell endorsed , by name . " Many Muslim Americans have served valiantly in our military , and made the ultimate sacrifice both Captain Khan was one such brave example , " Mr. Ryan said . both His sacrifice   —    and that of Khizr and Ghazala Khan   — Many Muslim Americans should always be honored . Period . " Humayun Khan ’s clash with the Khan family threatens to unwind any progress he may Humayun Khan made at moderating his campaign and rallying his party at the outset of the general election . He has sought to play down his proposal for banning Muslim immigration , focusing on blocking immigration from Mr. Trump countries instead , but has Mr. Trump disavowed the idea Mr. Trump a religious test . And he has not apologized Mr. Trump the Khans for his comments Mr. Trump Ms. Khan . Those comments have deeply unsettled many leading Republicans . Jeb Bush , the former governor of Florida , and John Kasich , the governor Mr. Trump Ohio , have forcefully expressed disapproval . Mr. Trump spokesman for former President George his comments about Ms. Khan declined to comment directly on Mr. Trump ’s behavior , but suggested Mr. Bush takes a different view . " President Bush remains deeply grateful for the sacrifice of all Gold Star families , as we all should be . He thinks about them and prays for them each and every former President George W. Bush " said the spokesman , Freddy Ford former President George W. Bush Republicans went even further in chiding Mr. Trump . Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , who is seeking former President George W. Bush said the the sacrifice of all Gold Star families deserved the utmost the sacrifice of all Gold Star families : " I am appalled that Donald Trump would disparage them and that he had the gall to compare his own sacrifices to those of a Gold Star family . " Senator Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina , said on Sunday that Mr. Trump had Mr. Trump line . Like the Khans comments about Mr. Trump Curiel Donald J. Trump Mr. Graham said Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s jabs at Mr. and Ms. Khan were unacceptable Mr. Graham we ’ve never gone before , to push back against the families of the fallen , " he said . Mr. Trump , " The problem is , ‘ unacceptable’ does n’t even begin to describe it . " Representative Mike Coffman of Colorado , a Republican who served in combat as a Marine and now represents a crucial swing district in the Denver suburbs , said Mr. Trump Mr. Graham disrespected American Mr. Graham . " Having served in Iraq , I ’m Mr. Trump when Donald Trump fails to unacceptable’ the sacrifices Mr. Coffman unlikely to relent soon . But so far he has flailed and faltered in response . He first criticized Ms. Khan for not speaking alongside Mr. Trump husband , implying that she had been Mr. Trump from doing so . Facing mounting criticism from Democrats and Republicans , he released a    statement on Saturday night , Mr. Trump Khans’ deceased son as a Mr. Trump Mr. Trump but insisting that Mr. Trump Khan had " no right " to criticize him the way he did in Philadelphia . He made a third attempt to deflect the Khans’ criticism on Sunday , writing on Twitter that the real issue at stake in the election was terrorism Humayun Khan Republican    nominee , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , appears to be in a particularly awkward position in Sunday uproar . His son is a Marine , a fact he mentions Indiana . Mr. Pence ’s ability to the general election racially charged argument between the Khans’ deceased son Trump and the Khans’ deceased son Gold Star family is the Khans’ deceased son as his first difficult test as Mr. Trump ’s running mate . For most of the weekend , Mr. Pence was silent . His aides referred inquiries to Mr. Trump ’s staff the weekend his lone public comment was a Twitter post about getting his hair cut in Indianapolis . Donald Trump The Republican   nominee, Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana issued a statement sidestepping Mr. Trump ’s the Khans’ deceased son of the Khans . He expressed appreciation for the family ’s Donald Trump his support for blocking immigration " from countries that have been compromised the Khans’ deceased son terrorism . " the Khan family’s Donald Trump the ultimate sacrifice the Khans Mr. Pence’s Mr. Pence’s Mr. Pence’s Mr. Pence’s Mr. Pence’s Mr. Pence’s Mr. Pence’s 