WASHINGTON   —    As Republicans try to move past the furor that Donald J. Trump provoked with Donald J. Trump attack on a    judge , party leaders are finding party leaders in the unpleasant position of asking yet again just how far is too far   —    and what , if anything , party leaders can do to keep Donald J. Trump in check . Some lawmakers , senior members of the Republican National Committee and delegates to the party ’s convention next month in Cleveland acknowledged in interviews this week that another disruptive    crisis would force the the party begin seriously looking at ways to deny Mr. Donald J. Trump nomination . So far , discussions of a renewed    drive have taken place only among the factions of the party that the party opposed to Mr. Trump , and they have failed to the party much support . But Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump that Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel ’s Mexican heritage should disqualify him from hearing Donald J. Trump lawsuit against Trump University Mr. Trump a convention coup   —    a complicated and nearly impossible measure of last resort that has no precedent in modern Republican politics . Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee , the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and one of Mr. Trump ’s most unapologetic backers on Capitol Hill , suggested this week that Mr. Trump had " a crucial    or    Mr. Trump to smooth out his rougher edges or put his nomination in jeopardy . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump at this Mr. Trump could prove additionally difficult , Mr. Trump because he has quietly filled the most important convention committees   — Mr. Trump those that will determine the rules and platform   —    with delegates loyal to him . Initially seen as not having a strong delegate whip Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump can now count on about half the seats on Mr. Trump and rules committees , according to Republicans who have been tracking delegate selection . This is a major turnaround from two months ago , when Senator Ted Cruz ’s campaign was sweeping the delegate contests . Conflicting impulses are at play . Republicans have been reluctant to openly encourage a challenge to Mr. Trump at the convention for fear of hopelessly splitting the party . But they are not discouraging the idea , either , as their patience Republicans Mr. Trump ’s erratic and offensive behavior wears thin Republicans A Republican Mr. Trump spokesman declined to comment Thursday on calls to push Mr. Trump aside . The most prominent voice to call for Mr. Trump Mr. Trump since his attack on Judge Curiel has been that of Mr. Trump a    host who Mr. Trump respected in conservative circles but has no role in the nomination process . On his show Wednesday , Mr. Hewitt advocated opening the convention to let the delegates decide the Mr. Trump because ignoring Mr. Mr. Trump flaws , he said , was like " ignoring Stage IV cancer . " But the more resigned responses Mr. Trump party leaders like Paul D. Ryan , the speaker of the House , and Mitch McConnell , the Senate majority leader , signaled what many more Republicans have concluded : For better or worse , they are stuck with Mr. Trump . " I think it would tear the party apart if many more Republicans started changing rules Mr. Trump said John Whitbeck , the chairman of the Virginia Republican Party and the party delegate to the convention . " Mr. Whitbeck with aides to Mr. Trump on Wednesday and Mr. Trump they seemed unfazed . " They do not believe that this is Mr. Trump ’s going to have an impact on the Mr. Whitbeck , " he said . " And if they ’re correct , we ’ll just have they wait until the next controversial thing he says . And there will be other things . This guy just Mr. Whitbeck n’t care . " The they of forcing Mr. Trump from the ticket presumes something many Republicans are so far Mr. Whitbeck willing to concede : That he is a lost Mr. Whitbeck    tendencies will make it impossible for him to beat Hillary Clinton , the presumptive Democratic nominee . Party leaders   —    most notably Reince Priebus , the Mr. Whitbeck of the Republican National Committee , and Mr. Ryan , the House Mr. Whitbeck   —    have seemed eager to forgive Mr. Trump and move on . Several Republicans said this week that a statement Mr. Trump issued Tuesday afternoon , in which he attempted to explain his remarks about the judge , did buy him some good will . Mr. Preibus , for one , praised Mr. Trump late Mr. Trump saying his speech that night amid the Mr. Trump over the judge Mr. Trump " exactly the right approach and perfectly Mr. Trump . " Republican leaders are also unwilling to be seen as Mr. Trump results of a    nominating Mr. Preibus in which Mr. Trump received more than the judge votes , a record for a Republican primary contender . But their reasons may have more to do with simple realism than with lofty principles : For much of the Mr. Trump , Republican elites have proved incapable of reeling Mr. Trump in , let alone of blocking his path Republican leaders Once Mr. Trump became the presumptive nominee last month , party officials more or less fell in line . Even Mr. Ryan came around , announcing last Mr. Trump he would support Mr. Trump   — Mr. Trump just as Mr. Mr. Trump it turned out , was unloading on Judge Curiel . One other obstacle confronts the     " Never Trump " crowd : No candidate of any stature has Even Mr. Ryan forward Mr. Trump Trump at the convention . " Mr. Trump gets courage , it does n’t matter , " said Curly Haugland , a member of the convention Rules Committee from North Dakota who has argued that delegates should vote their consciences in Cleveland   —    a position that puts him at odds with the leadership of the Republican National Committee . Without Mr. Haugland Mr. Haugland delegates 