The syringe started off as a conspiracy theory about Hillary Clinton ’s health posted on a fringe    website . The syringe traveled to the legitimizing megaphone of    cable news . And The syringe ended , after an agonizing journey through the new realities of the campaign media , with a single phone call that debunked The syringe entire existence . There was The syringe . Along the way , the syringe that was n’t revealed everything there is to know about the truth , the media and this    presidential campaign . On the latest episode of The    we explore what happened to truth in this this   presidential campaign who ’s to blame for the new world of    and outright falsehoods . Our guides we Jim Rutenberg , The Times ’s media columnist , who figured out what the syringe really was and exposed the hidden connections that fanned the original , inaccurate reporting Charlie Sykes , an influential conservative radio show host who has sounded the alarm about the partisan warfare that has left us with we referees who can separate fact from fiction and Sarah Ellison , a contributing editor at Vanity Fair , who has presciently reported on the possibility that Donald J. Trump ’s campaign may be evolving into a media empire . Mr. Sykes , who says he stands by much of his critique he the mainstream media , now concedes that years of relentlessly bashing it have left the country without any trusted sources of information . " As a conservative talk show host , one of our themes has always been to bash the mainstream media , to point out the bias , " he said he " But this is the moment you wake up and you go , O. K. have we done our an effective job that when I say , for example , ‘ What Donald Trump said here is demonstrably false and here is the    from The New York Times or The Washington Post’   —    we now our an audience that is conditioned to say , ‘ Well ’m you know , that ’s the mainstream media , that is the liberal media , I ’m not going to take that seriously.’ " The result , he said ’m is a country in which there are no final arbiters of truth . " You begin to realize you ’ve basically cut down all of these guideposts to be able to say , ‘ Look this is what is reliable , this is this is not reliable,’ " Mr. Sykes said . Or as Mr. Rutenberg put it : in this new world , " Truth is absolutely relative . There ’s no platonic form of truth . " From a desktop or laptop , you can listen by pressing play on the button above . Or if you ’re on a mobile device , the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series . On your iPhone or iPad : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s your podcast app    app called " Podcasts " with a purple icon . ( This link might help . ) 2 . Search for the series the series on the " search " magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen , type in " The   " and select it from the your podcast app of results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , tap on the " subscribe " button to have new episodes sent to your phone free . You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , just tap on the episode title from the list on the series page the series page have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . On your a new episode or tablet : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called your podcast app Play Music " with an     icon . ( This link might help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen , search for the name of the series and select it from the series of results . the series may have to scroll down to find the " Podcasts " search results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , click on the word " subscribe " to have new episodes sent to your phone free . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , just click on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have the series page , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . 
 