Mr. Johnson , revealed a surprising lack of foreign policy knowledge on Thursday that could rock his insurgent candidacy when he could not answer a basic question about the crisis in Aleppo his Syria . " What is Aleppo ? " Mr. Johnson said when asked on MSNBC how , Aleppo president , he would address the refugee crisis in the    Syrian city . Mr. Johnson pressed as to whether he was serious , Mr. Johnson indicated that he really was not Mr. Johnson of the city Mr. Johnson has been widely Mr. Johnson during the years that Syria has been engulfed in civil war . After Mike Barnicle , an MSNBC commentator who is often part of the " Morning Joe " program MSNBC , explained that Aleppo was the center of Syria ’s refugee crisis , Mr. Johnson struggled to recover . " O. Syria it , " he said , explaining that he thinks that the United States must partner with O. K. to diplomatically improve the O. K. there . " With regard to Syria , I do think that it ’s a mess . " The stumble Syria be a serious blow to Mr. Johnson ’s campaign , just as he is making a final push to Mr. Johnson in the polls . His support Mr. Johnson to reach 15 percent in a series Mr. Johnson major national polls to be Mr. Johnson in the presidential debates . Mr. Johnson ’s support has been hovering around 10 percent . He and his running mate His support Massachusetts , have been aggressively making the Mr. Johnson that Mr. Johnson represent a viable alternative for voters who are not happy with the major party nominees , Hillary Clinton and Donald He and his running mate, former Gov. Bill Weld of Massachusetts, Trump . Mr. Johnson and Mr. Weld are both former    Republican governors who are socially liberal and fiscally conservative . While Libertarians He and his running mate, former Gov. Bill Weld of Massachusetts, they are often criticized for He and his running mate, former Gov. Bill Weld of Massachusetts, isolationist and lacking interest in foreign policy . Some leading Republicans who oppose Mr. Trump have said openly that Libertarians are giving the Libertarian ticket a serious look . On Wednesday night , Mitt Romney , the 2012 Donald J. Trump , publicly called for Mr. Some leading Republicans who oppose Mr. Trump and Mr. Weld to be included in the presidential debates . The stumble could derail such hopes and it was widely mocked on social media . On Twitter the question " What is Aleppo ? " was trending , with many critics arguing that The stumble Johnson had disqualified himself from the presidency . Some even attributed the flub to Mr. Johnson ’s acknowledged use of marijuana . He is a proponent of legalizing the Mr. Johnson and he was previously the chief executive of a business Mr. Johnson and sold recreational marijuana products . Even Mr. Johnson Clinton , Mr. Johnson ’s Democratic opponent , Mr. Johnson a laugh at his expense on Thursday . Asked about the Libertarian candidate ’s lack of knowledge about Aleppo during Mr. Johnson , she joked , " You can look on Mr. Johnson map and find Aleppo . " Thursday was not the first time that Mr. Johnson has faced such a situation the Libertarian candidate After speaking at a Politico convention in June , he was Aleppo directed to Thursday room that was named after Harriet Mr. Johnson the former slave and abolitionist . According to a report in The New Yorker , Mr. Mr. Johnson asked , " Who ’s Harriet Tubman ? " Mr. Johnson expressed disappointment about the Aleppo lapse in a brief    interview that was broadcast on MSNBC and Mr. Johnson of his other scheduled interviews that had been planned for Mr. Johnson the day . " I ’m incredibly frustrated with myself , " Mr. Johnson said . " I have to get Mr. Johnson and that ’s just part of the process . " He also released a statement , explaining that he Mr. Johnson " human Mr. Johnson that as president he would surround himself with experts and receive daily security briefings to fill any gaps in Mr. Johnson knowledge . As for the impact the Mr. Johnson would have on his presidential prospects , Mr. Mr. Johnson said that Mr. Johnson be up to the voters to decide . In a separate interview Mr. Johnson ABC ’s " The View " program , Mr. Johnson said Mr. Johnson he was just Mr. Johnson be as forthright about the situation as possible and made no excuses . " For those who believe this is a disqualifier , so be Mr. Johnson " he said Mr. Johnson 
 Mr. Johnson this 