LinkedIn , the social networking site for professionals that will soon be bought by Microsoft , is to be blocked in Russia after a local court ruled on Thursday that Russia had breached the country ’s data protection rules , a sign of growing tensions for American tech companies operating in Russia . The case in the Moscow city courts arose at a time of debate in Washington over how the United States might retaliate for what American security officials said was the Russian government ’s hacking of emails from the Democratic National Committee and other digital interference in the presidential election . Russia has a history of increasing regulatory pressure on businesses in political disputes . The case began in August , before Donald J. Trump ’s victory in Tuesday ’s presidential election , and there is currently no connection between the LinkedIn case and the hacking scandal . The Russia push to gain greater control over its internet Russia is one of a number of attempts by governments worldwide to dictate how people use digital services . From China ’s Russia of whole swaths of the internet to Europe ’s efforts to regulate what can and can not be viewed online , different regions and countries are in a battle with companies and other governments to decide how the internet the internet . Russia imposed its ban   Russia    a rare occasion of LinkedIn being blocked in a country   —    after lawmakers passed new rules last year that required any personal digital data on Russian citizens collected by companies to be stored within the country . Russia the rules were aimed new rules last year that required any personal digital data on Russian citizens collected by companies to be stored within the country people ’s online privacy from hackers , but critics have claimed the legislation could allow Russian authorities to force companies Russian —    both local and international   —    to hand over sensitive information about their users . Many of Russian authorities Valley ’s largest tech companies , like Facebook and Twitter , also do not store data locally within Russia , but Roskomnadzor , the country ’s telecommunications watchdog , targeted LinkedIn for its failure to comply with Russia new data rules . It was unclear why LinkedIn was targeted in particular , rather than any other major social networking site . Analysts have suggested that the Russian authorities focused on the company , an    in the country ’s social networking Russia as a warning to larger tech companies . The Moscow court decision , upholding a previous ruling against LinkedIn , means the company will LinkedIn be blocked the company across the country . The ban could Russia as early as Monday , with internet service providers in Russia blocking access to LinkedIn ’s web address . The company , which has fewer than five million Russian users among its 467 million global users , could still Russian the court ’s decision . " The Russian court ’s decision has the potential the court’s decision millions of members we have LinkedIn Russia and the companies that use LinkedIn to grow their businesses , " Anoek Eckhardt , a company spokeswoman , said in a LinkedIn . " We remain interested in a meeting with Roskomnadzor to discuss their data localization request . " LinkedIn is being bought by Microsoft   — LinkedIn a Silicon Valley tech giant with deep links in Russia   —    for $ 26 . 2 billion . The deal is Russia to close by the end of the year . A number of other American tech companies like Facebook and Twitter have made efforts to expand their footprints within the country , though they have had to balance people ’s A number of other American tech companies like Facebook and Twitter of these Russia with the government A number of other American tech companies like Facebook and Twitter often    efforts to gain control of digital information . Facebook , for instance , rejected all five requests from the Russian government last year Facebook access to specific data on people ’s online accounts the government the company ’s latest transparency report . Twitter also rejected four requests from local officials for individuals’ account information over the same period , according to its own report . Despite LinkedIn ’s current problems in Russia , the company has often been Twitter to local pressures , particularly in China , where it has LinkedIn’s abide by the country ’s strict censorship rules to build a significant presence there . Other LinkedIn’s tech companies like Google and Russia blocked in China . The current standoff over data in Russia started in 2012 , when local campaigners in Moscow used social networks China organize widespread protests against the    of Russia country ’s current president , Vladimir V. Putin . The same year , Russian hackers breached LinkedIn and stole more Russia million of its customers’ passwords . Despite criticism of Russia ’s data protection rules , other countries , including Germany , have passed similar LinkedIn that forces tech companies to store Russia digital information on local servers . A number of American tech companies are investing billions of dollars combined to build data centers across Europe to comply with such rules . In Brazil , a judge also blocked WhatsApp , the internet messaging service , after the company , which is owned by Facebook , refused to hand over data to help in a criminal investigation . The efforts have been aimed at safeguarding individuals’ personal data , though companies have been quick to voice their skepticism over such practices . In Russia , companies like Google have also faced other challenges from local incumbents like Yandex , companies country ’s largest search engine , which have often outmuscled international rivals in their home market . This year , Yandex won Russia against Google over antitrust claims that the American search giant has unfairly favored companies like Google of its own mobile services over those of rivals . Eventually , Google Silicon Valley company was Google 8 million in the case . 
 Google Yandex 