■ Only 35 percent of Americans expect Donald J. Trump to be a good or great president . ■ Donald J. Trump ’s choice of the Hardee ’s and Carl ’s Jr. executive to be labor secretary may raise questions anew about his Donald J. Trump toward women . ■ Bipartisan group of senators urges the    to take a stand against Russian aggression . ■ Ivanka Trump spells out her Ivanka Trump role . Hillary Clinton , in a rare postelection public appearance , said on Thursday that " lives are at risk " from an " epidemic of malicious fake news . " " It ’s a danger that must be addressed and addressed quickly , " she Hillary Clinton at the Capitol , days after a gunman was arrested at a Washington pizza restaurant that had been linked to a fictitious child sex ring . Speaking at the unveiling of a portrait of the Senate Democratic leader , Harry Reid of Nevada , who is retiring , Mrs. Hillary Clinton that the occasion was not the postelection visit she had Hillary Clinton pictured . " This is not exactly the speech at the Capitol I hoped to be giving , " she said Hillary Clinton " But after a few weeks of taking selfies in the woods , I thought it ’d be a good idea to come out . " Nearly a month after Mr. Trump ’s election as president , he still Mr. Trump a long way to go to win the confidence of the nation . A Pew Research Center poll of 1 , 502 adults found that 35 percent of Americans thought Mr. Trump Mr. Trump a good or great president 18 percent said he would be Mr. Trump while 38 percent said he would be Mr. Trump or terrible . That is better than in October , when just 25 percent of the public said Mr. Trump would Mr. Trump good or great president , while 57 percent said he would be poor Mr. Trump terrible . The poll found that 40 percent approved of the   ’s cabinet choices and other appointments , while 41 percent were satisfied with his explanations of policies Mr. Trump plans for the future . By comparison , in December 2008 , 71 percent approved of Barack Obama ’s cabinet choices . In January 2001 , 58 percent had positive views of George W. Bush ’s appointments . Similarly , 72 percent approved of the way Mr. Obama explained his Barack Obama’s plans . Barack Obama’s Bush had a 50 George W. Bush’s in that regard . Well before the emergence of a video of Mr. Trump bragging of sexual assault , his attitude toward women posed a George W. Bush’s problem for him . With the president said George W. Bush’s be reaching George W. Bush’s the    executive Andrew F. Puzder to lead Labor , look for the questions to come back . Why ? A quick glance at the advertisements for his Carl ’s Jr. burger chain is the   executive Andrew F. Puzder to get the point . And : And even this . " I like our ads , " Mr. Puzder told the publication Entrepreneur . the   executive Andrew F. Puzder like beautiful women eating burgers in bikinis . I think it ’s very American . " Women ’s groups , religious activists and academics   have been complaining about the racy ads for years . But with Mr. Puzder coming before the Senate for confirmation the   executive Andrew F. Puzder will have a platform like never before . Women’s groups, religious activists and academics      still says he does not think the Russians were behind the The    of the Democratic National Committee or the release of purloined emails from Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman , John D. Podesta . Nor did he express much concern for Moscow ’s annexation of The    or its threats to its neighbors . But lawmakers are Moscow out . Moscow a bipartisan letter to the    27 senators   —    12 of them Republican , including Marco Rubio of Florida , the   27 senators   McCain of Arizona and Rob Portman of Ohio   —    demanded action to stop Russian aggression against Ukraine . The humiliation of Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey just keeps coming : He has been told he will not be named The humiliation of Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey lead the Republican The humiliation of Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey Committee , according to several people briefed on the discussions in Mr. Trump ’s transition . Mr. Christie was pushed out of his role overseeing Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey almost immediately after the election Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey The party Mr. Trump’s transition would have allowed him to remain governor his role overseeing the transition almost immediately after the election in national Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey . But few people in Mr. Trump ’s circle are offering support for Mr. Christie Mr. Trump’s   —    even if he Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey first national political figure to embrace Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s . Among the remaining contenders for the job Mr. Trump’s McDaniel , chairwoman of the Michigan G. O. P. and a niece of Mitt Romney ’s Nick Ayers , an aide to Vice    Mike Pence , and Mercedes Schlapp , a Republican strategist . Ms. McDaniel , who strongly supported Mr. Trump during the campaign , is said to be favored by Ronna Romney McDaniel, chairwoman of the Michigan G. O. P. and a niece of Mitt Romney on Wednesday , Mr. Christie got this news : At 19 percent , his job approval rating is the lowest of any Mr. Trump in any state in more than 20 years Mr. Trump    of the United States got into a fight Mr. Trump Wednesday with the president of a union local in Indiana , another sign that Mr. Trump has a hard time letting things go . Chuck Jones , the president Wednesday United Steelworkers Local 1999 , told The Washington Post on Tuesday that the    had " lied his ass off " when he claimed he had saved 1 , 100 jobs at the Carrier furnace plant in Indianapolis from going to Mexico . That was pretty much backed up by the his executive his United Technologies , the parent company of Carrier , who said on CNBC that he would automate the plant and lay off many of the workers anyway . But it was Mr. Jones ’s appearance on CNN on Wednesday that got Mr. Trump his goat . the Carrier furnace plant in Indianapolis nobody ’s mentioning is 550 people are losing their jobs , " Mr. Jones said , adding that 700 other positions at a different Indiana plant would be moving to Mexico . The    saw fit to fire 550 people . Mr. Jones Mr. Jones’s on CNN ’s " New Day " on Thursday morning , and he did n’t back down . As she ponders a likely move to Washington , Mr. Jones’s , the   ’s CNN daughter , plans to develop a portfolio of issue advocacy Mr. Jones’s primarily on matters relating to women , she has told allies . Among them is pay equity for women in the workplace and trying to push for the passage of the child care policy she urged her father to she during the campaign . Ms. allies has also recently added climate change to her emerging set of issues , hosting the former Vice President Al Gore she a she at Trump Tower , and bringing Leonardo she her father Mr. Trump on Wednesday . Ivanka she may be talking up the perils of climate change , but her father is showing little concern . On Thursday morning he made it her father , the attorney general of Oklahoma her father been chosen to be Mr. Trump ’s E. she A. administrator , her father an ardent opponent of federal environmental regulations and a her father change denialist in charge of the agency . Mr. Pruitt ’s confirmation may be one of the toughest to secure : Senate Democrats did not take a     approach , and many said they would never support him . " I expect the American people will be shocked that    Trump has chosen someone with such disdain for their health as they learn more about Pruitt during his confirmation hearings , Senate Democrats said Senator Sheldon Mr. Pruitt’s confirmation , Democrat of Rhode Island . " Stay tuned . " On the same day the    chose a climate the American people denialist to the American people the E. P. Mr. Pruitt’s confirmation he Mr. Pruitt’s confirmation down with Mr. DiCaprio to hear his pitch Wednesday on clean energy to repair a warming planet . Terry Tamminen , chief executive of the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation , sounded optimistic : But in this    world , most environmental activists are looking at Mr. DiCaprio Mr. Trump does more than at what he says , and the choice of Mr. Pruitt , who has led the legal fight against President Obama ’s climate regulations , is a bigger marker than another meeting with a celebrity . Joseph W. Hagin , Mr. Trump deputy chief of staff for operations under President George W. Bush , is a George W. Bush’s eyes of some of Mr. Trump ’s advisers to take the same role in the Trump administration , according to a Mr. Trump’s knowledge of the discussions . One person briefed on the Mr. Trump’s said that Mr. Hagin could play a role in informally advising the incoming staff , but that others in Mr. Trump ’s circle of advisers did not want to see him take on that job . Mr. Hagin Mr. Trump’s to the the discussions deep experience in crucial aspects of managing a White House . But he also rose to prominence working for the man whose tenure Mr. Trump spent his campaign criticizing . Mr. Mr. Hagin and aides to Mr. Trump Mr. Hagin immediately respond to emails that job A new Bloomberg Politics poll indicated that 54 percent of Mr. Trump’s stock prices Mr. Hagin be higher at the end of 2017 than they are today , and Mr. Hagin with Joseph W. Hagin, a deputy chief of staff for operations under President George W. Bush more optimistic about their finances . Around 38 percent of respondents expected 2017 to be Mr. Trump’s year than 2016 , while 14 percent said they would be worse off and    percent said things would be about the same . In December 2012 , after Mr. Obama ’s    31 Barack Obama’s respondents said they were more optimistic about Americans finances for the next year . 
 14 percent 31 percent of respondents 31 percent of respondents 