You may think you are discreet about your political views . But Facebook , the world ’s largest social media network , has come up with Facebook own determination of your political leanings , based on your activity on the site . And now , it is easy to find out how Facebook has categorized you   —    as very liberal or very conservative , or somewhere in between . Try this ( this works best on your desktop computer ) : Go to facebook .    on your browser . ( You may have to log in to Facebook first . ) That will bring you to a page with your ad preferences . Under the " Interests " header , click the " Lifestyle and Culture " tab . Then look for a box titled " US Politics . " In parentheses , it will describe how Facebook has categorized you , such as liberal , moderate or conservative . ( If the " US Politics " box does not show up , click the " See more " button under the grid of boxes . ) Facebook makes a deduction about your political views based on the pages that you like   —    or on your political preference , if you stated one , on your profile page . If you like the page for Hillary Clinton , Facebook might categorize you as a liberal . Even if you do not like any candidates’ pages , if most of the people who like the same pages that you do   —    such as Ben and Jerry ’s ice cream   —    identify as liberal , then Facebook might classify you as one , too . Facebook has long been collecting information on Facebook users , but Facebook recently revamped the ad preferences page , making Facebook easier to view . information on its users is valuable . Advertisers , including many political campaigns , pay Facebook to show their Advertisers, including many political campaigns to specific demographic groups . The labels Facebook assigns to its The labels Facebook help campaigns more precisely target a particular audience . For instance , Donald J. Trump ’s presidential campaign has paid for its Donald J. Trump’s presidential campaign to be shown to those who Facebook has labeled politically moderate . Campaigns can also use the groupings to show different messages to different supporters . They Campaigns want to show an ad to their Campaigns supporters , for example , that is unlike an ad targeted at people just tuning in to the election . It is not clear how aggressively Facebook is gathering political information on users outside the United States . The Facebook 1 . 7 billion active users , including about 204 million in the United States the United States is just one of the attributes Facebook compiles on Facebook users . Many of Political outlook others are directly commercial : whether you like television comedy shows , video games or Nascar . To learn more about how political campaigns are targeting voters on social media , The New York Times is collecting Facebook ads from our readers with a project called AdTrack . You can take part by visiting nytimes . com and searching for " Send us the political ads . " 
 