After three weeks of private preparations , Senator Bernie Sanders is expected to endorse Hillary Clinton on Tuesday at a campaign event in New Hampshire , according to three Democrats who have been involved in the planning . The Hillary Clinton campaign on Thursday announced the New Hampshire trip but did not provide details , including any mention of Senator Bernie Sanders . Mr. Senator Bernie Sanders in an interview Thursday with Bloomberg Thursday ’s Al Hunt , came as close to endorsing Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton ever Senator Bernie Sanders , saying : " We have got to do everything that we can to defeat We Trump and elect Hillary Clinton . I do n’t honestly know how we would survive four We of a Donald Trump as president . " The three Democrats , who spoke on the condition of anonymity to reveal confidential conversations , said that the endorsement was partly the result of daily talks between Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign manager , Robby Mook , and the Sanders campaign manager , Jeff Weaver , about bringing together the two rivals and advancing the policy priorities of Mr. Sanders . The discussions included a dinner between Mr. Mook and Mr. Weaver in Burlington , Vt . where Mr. Sanders has his Mr. Sanders . One Mr. Sanders obstacle to party unity   —    a fight between Sanders and Clinton allies over Mr. Sanders congressional vote on the    Partnership trade deal   —    is not seen as a deal breaker to the eventual endorsement , the Democrats said . Mr. Sanders wants language added Mr. Sanders party ’s policy platform opposing any vote on the deal , despite it being the   Partnership trade deal   priority of the the   Partnership trade deal   administration . Mr. Sanders has been a staunch Mr. Sanders the trade pact , and Mrs. Clinton , who once called it " the gold standard in trade agreements , " has come out against it as well . But her allies on it    committee , in line with the wishes of administration officials , have blocked an effort by Sanders allies to insert language opposing it Mr. Sanders The Sanders camp will try again at a Mr. Sanders committee meeting in Orlando , Fla. on Friday and Saturday . Mr. Sanders ’s endorsement is also expected Mr. Sanders he has a prominent speaking slot at the Democratic Mr. Sanders late this month , the three Democrats said . They added that it was not clear yet when Mr. the three Democrats would speak or whether the convention would Mr. Sanders full    vote on Mrs. Clinton the Democratic convention Sanders as candidates for the party ’s nomination . Mrs. Clinton has already begun moving toward Mr. Sanders on other issues . On Wednesday she proposed Mr. Sanders at    public college and universities for families with Mrs. Clinton incomes up to $ 125 , 000 Mr. Sanders , who had supported making public colleges free for all , praised her plan . The Democrats also said that the Sanders campaign was eager Mrs. Clinton see Mrs. Clinton take another step toward him on the issue of health care Mrs. Clinton by making a new commitment Mr. Sanders press Congress to add a " public option " to the Affordable Care Act . Mrs. Clinton has long supported the public option , but she also criticized Mr. Mrs. Clinton their nomination fight for a "public option" to the Affordable Care Act congressional debate Mrs. Clinton    health care debate and replace the Affordable Care Act with    health insurance . The refusal by Mr. Sanders to endorse Mrs. the Affordable Care Act or even to suspend his campaign Mr. Sanders clinched the nomination on June 7   —    has increasingly turned Mr. Sanders senator into an     in the presidential Mrs. Clinton   . President Obama endorsed Mrs. Clinton during a joint event in North Carolina on Tuesday , and she is set to campaign with Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. in Pennsylvania on Friday . She also campaigned in Mrs. Clinton swing state , Ohio , with Senator Elizabeth Warren , who shares many progressive policy goals Mrs. Clinton Mr. Sanders   —    as well as many of his admirers . Senator Warren ’s support for Mrs. Clinton , in particular , threatened to marginalize Mr. Sanders among liberals Mr. Sanders   provide Mrs. Warren with the highly visible Mrs. Clinton progressive champion during the fall election . While Mr. Sanders   of Mr. Sanders worry that Senator Warren will be      he still has some sway over the 12 million Americans who voted for him Mr. Sanders   nominating contest . Mr. Sanders   Clinton is eager for Mr. Sanders   unity , especially since a sizable minority of Sanders supporters is resisting Mr. Sanders   . With some of them planning Senator Warren events and demonstrations outside the Democratic convention in Philadelphia , there Mr. Sanders   obvious value to Mrs. Clinton Senator Warren making peace with Mr. a sizable minority of Sanders supporters and having him in her camp . Asked if anything had changed to bring around Mr. Sanders around Senator Warren three Democrats Mr. Sanders   he wanted to Mr. Sanders   progress on his policy Senator Warren like free public college , but that Mr. Sanders   also going through a natural grieving period for Mr. Sanders   candidacy after a yearlong , Mr. Sanders   race . 
 Mr. Sanders   Mr. Sanders   