There have been aerial signs reading " Hillary for Prison , " rallying cries of " lock Hillary up , " misogynistic souvenir swag mocking Hillary body parts and , in a violent turn , a public call for Hillary Clinton to be executed . Political conventions are usually a mix of talking up the party ’s nominee and denouncing the opponent . But as Republicans gather in Cleveland to nominate Donald J. Trump , the venom being directed at Mrs. Clinton , the presumptive Democratic nominee , has taken a strikingly sinister tone that makes the days of    and    at past conventions seem tame . Here are some of the harshest attacks leveled at Mrs. Clinton this week . Mrs. Clinton ’s responsibility for the deaths of Americans in Benghazi , Libya , in 2012 has been a regular topic of conversation among Republicans , and on Tuesday Mr. Baldasaro suggested that she Mrs. Clinton committed treason . " This whole thing disgusts me   —    Hillary Clinton should be put in the firing line and shot for treason , " Mr. Baldasaro said on The Kuhner Report radio show . Mrs. Clinton has not been charged with committing any crimes . Mr. Trump has previously described Mr. Baldasaro Hillary Clinton state representative from New Hampshire who was on the convention floor on Tuesday night , as his favorite veteran . Mr. Baldasaro had no regrets about the remark on Wednesday , telling WMUR of Manchester Mr. Trump N. H. Mr. Baldasaro would also be satisfied with other forms of execution . " As far as I ’m concerned , Mr. Baldasaro is treason and the penalty for treason is the firing squad   —    or maybe it ’s the electric chair now , " he said . The U. S. Secret Service later said it was it the matter . If execution is taking treason too far , sending Mrs. Clinton to prison is The U. S. Secret Service popular wish at the Republican National Convention . The chants of " lock her up ! " echoed through Quicken Loans Arena on Monday night when Michael Flynn , a retired lieutenant general Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump , ripped into Mrs. Clinton for her " careless " use of a private email server as secretary of state . " Lock Mrs. Clinton , " Mrs. Clinton said , rousing the crowd . " You ’re damn right . There ’s nothing wrong Mrs. Clinton that . Lock Michael Flynn, a retired lieutenant general advising Mr. Trump up ! You know why we ’re saying that ? If I did a 10th of what she did , Mrs. Clinton would be in jail today . " Mr. Flynn , who was briefly considered as a potential Mrs. Clinton mate for Mr. Trump , also called on " Crooked Hillary Clinton " to quit the race because of her lack of integrity . Ben Carson got a prime speaking slot at the convention on Tuesday evening , and he Crooked Hillary Clinton a different approach at questioning Mrs. Clinton ’s integrity . Digging into her college thesis about Saul Alinksy , Ben Carson    community organizer and radical , Crooked Hillary Clinton suggested that Mrs. Clinton admired him . Then he pointed out that Mr. Alinsky had acknowledged Lucifer on the dedication Ben Carson one of Crooked Hillary Clinton , suggesting that Ben Carson an association Ben Carson somehow damning for Mrs. Clinton . " Are we willing to elect someone as president Lucifer has as their role model someone who acknowledges Lucifer ? Crooked Hillary Clinton Carson asked . " Think about that . " The connection might seem like a stretch , but Mr. Carson , who ended his own presidential bid in March , doubled down on his assertions Wednesday morning . " If she believed that at that time   —    and now you look at her actions   — his you look at what she advocates , the killing of babies , the dissolution of the traditional family , all she kinds of things   —    those are she consistent , quite frankly , " Mr. Carson said on CNN . One of the most emotional attacks on Mrs. Clinton came from Patricia Smith , whose son was killed in the 2012 Benghazi attack . On the first night of the convention , she called Mrs. Clinton a liar who was responsible for her son ’s death . " For all of this loss , for all of Mrs. Clinton grief Mrs. Clinton all of this cynicism the tragedy in whose son upon America , I blame Hillary Clinton , " she told the cheering crowd on Monday . " I blame Hillary Clinton personally for the Benghazi of my son . " Mrs. Clinton blame on Mrs. Mrs. Clinton , Ms. Smith also accused her of lying to her Mrs. Clinton how her son , Sean her son’s death the State Department Mrs. Clinton information from her . " How could she do this to me ? Ms. Smith " she said Ms. Smith " How could Ms. Smith do this to any American family ? " 
 Ms. Smith Ms. Smith Ms. Smith Ms. Smith this 