Here ’s a good rule about    selections : Even when they matter , they usually do n’t matter much . Donald J. Trump ’s newly selected running mate , Mike Pence , the governor of Indiana , seems even less likely to affect the result than most . Donald J. Trump’s newly selected running mate, Mike Pence, the governor of Indiana ’s a relatively safe choice : an experienced but relatively unknown politician from a state that the Republicans were already expected to win . It is hard to argue that    selections make big differences in presidential elections .    ’s not even obvious that Sarah Palin , for all of Sarah Palin challenges , was a big drag on John McCain in 2008 . John McCain lost by just seven percentage points   —    a pretty good outcome considering George W. Bush ’s approval ratings at the time and the state of the economy at the height of the financial crisis . Mr. Pence seems a lot less likely to shake up the race than Mrs. Palin . He Mr. Pence relatively few risks and little upside for Mr. Trump . He Mr. Pence not a    figure . A recent New York    News poll found that 86 percent of registered voters were either undecided or did not know enough about him Mr. Pence have an opinion . He Mr. Pence an experienced politician who seems unlikely to endanger the ticket by appearing unqualified for the presidency if the need were to arise . Typically , most of the effect of    candidates can be found in their   candidates states , where a selection can help a ticket by a couple of percentage points . There are a few examples of bigger boosts : The selection of Mrs. Palin , for instance , probably helped Mr. McCain by more than five percentage points in Alaska in 2008 . But there are also instances where it ’s hard to identify an effect at all . Mr. Pence ’s home state , Indiana , is already thought to lean toward Mr. Trump . Mitt Romney carried the state by 10 points in 2012 , and the Clinton campaign is not bothering to air advertisements in the the state Mr. Mr. Pence’s not especially popular in Indiana either Indiana He won Mitt Romney governor ’s race narrowly in 2012 , even as Mr. Romney Mitt Romney the state . His the state Mitt Romney into the 40s after his support for Mitt Romney state ’s Religious Freedom the state which caused some businesses and state governments to boycott the state because they believed it made the state to allow some businesses and state governments on the state basis of sexual orientation . Recent surveys showed that Mr. Pence was even in some danger of losing    this fall . Mr. Pence ’s record of supporting conservative cultural Mr. Pence Religious Freedom Restoration Act could easily define whatever modest effect his nomination ultimately has on voters . It could help Mr. Pence Trump solidify the support of consistently Mr. Pence’s record of supporting conservative cultural causes like the Religious Freedom Restoration Act voters who may have reservations about his iconoclastic views . The    of course , is Mr. Trump it may help Hillary Clinton win socially moderate voters . But the opportunities for Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton to make gains among these groups is fairly Hillary Clinton A recent Pew Research survey found that white evangelical Christians supported Mr. Trump ,    an even larger margin than Mr. Romney ’s lead at this time in 2012 . Mrs. Clinton , though , is faring about as well among Hillary Clinton as President Obama did four years earlier . And with candidates as well known as Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton at the top of the tickets , the opportunity for Hillary Clinton nominee to move the needle might be even smaller than usual . 
 