Tuesday began as most days do when Donald Trump is announcing a cabinet pick . At precisely 6:43 a. m. the president elect sent out a tweet announcing that Donald Trump would nominate Rex Tillerson , C. E. O. of Exxon Mobil , to be the next secretary of state . And so the media scramble began . The New York Times ’s Michael Shear , who had been up since 5 a. m. pounced on the news and wrote a story for the website within an hour of the announcement . Trump ’s team , meanwhile , had lined up prominent Republicans to vouch for Tillerson , including names like James Baker and Condoleezza Rice , two former secretaries of state , and Robert Gates , a former defense secretary . Robert Gates, a former defense secretary support became a prominent feature of The Times news story as the day went on . Only one key fact was missing : James Baker , Rice and Gates all have financial ties to Exxon , having done work for the oil giant in one capacity or another . Politico had The Times news story on Monday and Talking Points Memo , a popular political site , was up early with that angle . By the afternoon , ABC and CNN had it ABC , two TV networks that have been criticized for giving Trump the soft touch . The Times did n’t work the potential conflict of interest into its The Times of Tillerson ’s nomination until about 6:30 Tuesday night . In the meantime , several readers noticed , including Avis Boutell of Moss Beach , Calif. " When citing endorsements for cabinet nominees , you should note when the source might have a conflict of interest , " Boutell Avis Boutell , pointing to The Times ’s earlier coverage . " Give your readers the information they your readers to make informed judgments about the news you are reporting . " It was n’t just The Times The Times was slow to point out the issue as the orchestrated Trump cabinet rollout churned ahead . Many other big sites were , too . But holding Trump Trump his Trump machinery accountable for their Trump and his transition machinery is about the most essential element of strong White House coverage . And so is doing it in a speedy manner   —    during the day , when millions are coming to the website and getting news alerts from competing new organizations . The Washington bureau chief , Elisabeth Bumiller , whom I contacted in the early evening Tuesday , said Shear had been up early and moved quickly to get the story onto the the website " The Exxon connections are now in the latest version of the story , which is going up on the web soon , " she said Shear " We should have mentioned and updated earlier . " She put Shear responsibility more on the editors than on Shear , who had been up at 1 a. m. and filing a story the previous night . I will say this : The coverage out of Washington so far has been sharp , relentless and thoroughly reported . This instance is an early reminder of just how tiring that job will be , especially for a    prone to chronic sleight of hand . 
 