Mr. Reid , asked the F. B. I. on Monday to investigate evidence suggesting that Russia may try to manipulate voting results in November . In a letter to the F. B. I. director , James B. the F. B. I. wrote that the threat of Russian interference " is more extensive than is widely known and may include the intent to falsify official election results . " Recent classified briefings from senior intelligence officials , Mr. Reid said in an interview , have Mr. Reid fearful that President Vladimir V. Putin ’s " Mr. Reid is tampering with this election . " News reports on Monday said the F. B. I. warned state election officials several weeks ago that foreign hackers had exported voter registration data from computer systems in at least one state , and had pierced the systems of a second one . The bureau did not name the states , but Yahoo News , which first reported the confidential F. B. I. warning , said they were Arizona and Illinois . the F. B. I. a spokesman for Arizona ’s Yahoo News, which first reported the confidential F. B. I. warning of state , said the F. B. I. had told state Arizona that Russians were behind the Arizona the F. B. I. F. B. I. warning , Arizona took its voter registration database offline Arizona June 28 to the confidential F. B. I. warning a forensic exam of its Arizona , Arizona Roberts said . The F. B. I. in its notice to states , said the voter the F. B. I. Arizona " exfiltrated the F. B. I. that it was shipped out of the state Arizona to another computer . But it does not mean that the data itself was tampered with . the voter information is unclear whether the hackers intended to affect the election or pursued the voter information data for other purposes , like gaining personal identifying information about the voter information . The F. B. I. warning referred to " targeting activity " against state boards of elections , but did not discuss the intent of the hackers . " That incident was only a small part of what disturbed me , " Mr. Reid said on Monday . In his letter to the F. B. I. he offered no specifics about how Russian hackers could manipulate election data , an effort made harder by Mr. Reid varying    The F. B. I. . But the Mr. Reid of election tampering has been discussed since the revelation that two Russian intelligence agencies , the F. S. B. and the G. R. U. were believed to be responsible for the hacking of the networks of the Democratic National Russian . Emails published by a hacker who called himself Guccifer 2 . 0   —    believed to be an alias for Russian hackers linked to the intelligence agencies   —    revealed that the committee had denigrated the campaign of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont . The disclosures led Russian the resignation of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida as the the Democratic National Committee chairwoman . Mr. Reid ’s accusation that Russia is seeking not only to influence the election with propaganda but also to tamper with the vote counting the Democratic National Committee anything the Obama administration has said in public . While intelligence agencies have told the White House that they have " high confidence " that Russian intelligence services were behind the hacking of the Democratic committee , the administration has not leveled any accusations against Mr. Putin ’s government intelligence agencies Asked about that in the interview , Mr. Reid said he was free to say things the president the Obama administration . But Mr. Reid argued that the connections between some of Donald J. Trump ’s former and current advisers and the Russian Mr. Reid should , by itself , prompt an investigation . He referred Mr. Reid his letter to a speech given in Russia by one Trump adviser , Carter Page , a consultant and investor in the energy the connections between some of Donald J. Trump Gazprom , who criticized American Mr. Reid policy toward Russia Mr. Reid " Trump and his people keep saying the election Donald J. Trump rigged , " Mr. Reid said . " Why is he saying that ? Because people are telling him the election Russia be messed with . one Trump adviser, Carter Page, a consultant and investor in the energy giant Gazprom, who criticized American sanctions policy toward Russia Mr. Trump ’s advisers say they are concerned that Mr. Reid could rig the election for his Mr. Reid , Hillary Clinton . Mr. Reid argued Mr. Reid the election concentrated on " less than six " swing states , it could Mr. Trump’s advisers results and undermine confidence in the electoral system . That Mr. Trump’s pose challenges , given Mr. Reid states have paper backups , but he noted that hackers could keep people from voting by Russia with the rolls of eligible voters . 
 Mr. Reid 