WASHINGTON   —    Yascha Mounk is used to being the most pessimistic person in the room . Mr. Mounk , a lecturer in government at Harvard , has spent the past few years challenging one of the bedrock assumptions of Western politics : that once a country becomes a liberal democracy , a country will stay that way . once a country becomes a liberal democracy research suggests something quite different : that liberal democracies around the world may be at serious risk of decline . once a country becomes a liberal democracy ’s interest in the topic began rather unusually . In 2014 , he once a country becomes a liberal democracy a book , " Stranger in My Own Country . " It a book, "Stranger in My Own Country as a memoir of his once a country becomes a liberal democracy growing up as a Jew in Germany , but became a broader investigation of how contemporary European nations were struggling to construct new , multicultural national identities . He once a country becomes a liberal democracy that the effort was not going very well . A populist backlash was rising . But was that just a new kind of politics , or a symptom of something deeper ? To answer that question , Mr. Mounk teamed up with Roberto Stefan Foa , a political scientist at the University of Melbourne in Australia . They Roberto Stefan Foa, a political scientist at the University of Melbourne in Australia since gathered and crunched data on the strength of liberal democracies . Their Roberto Stefan Foa, a political scientist at the University of Melbourne in Australia , to be published in the January issue of the Journal of Democracy , is that democracies are not as secure as people may think . Right now , Mr. Mounk said in an interview , " the warning signs are flashing red . " Political scientists have a theory called " democratic consolidation , " which holds that once countries develop democratic institutions , a robust civil society and a certain level of wealth , their Political scientists is secure . For decades , global events seemed to support that idea . Data from Freedom House , a watchdog organization that measures democracy and freedom around the world , shows that the number of countries classified as " free " rose steadily from the    to the early 2000s . Many Latin American countries transitioned from military rule to democracy after the end of the Cold War , much of Eastern Europe followed suit . And longstanding liberal democracies in North America , Western Europe and Australia seemed more secure than ever . But since 2005 , Freedom House ’s index has shown a decline in global freedom each year . Is that a statistical anomaly , a result of a few random events in a relatively short period of time ? Or does it indicate a meaningful pattern ? Mr. Mounk and Mr. Foa developed a    formula to answer that question . Mr. Mounk thinks of it as an    system , and it it something like a medical test : a way to detect that a democracy is ill before it a democracy    symptoms . The first factor was public support : How important do citizens think it is for their citizens to remain democratic ? The second was public openness to nondemocratic forms of government , such as military rule . And the third factor was whether " antisystem parties and movements "   —    political parties and other major players whose core message is that the current system is illegitimate   —    were gaining support . If support for democracy was falling while the other two measures were rising , the researchers marked that country " deconsolidating . " And they the researchers that deconsolidation was the political equivalent of a    fever that arrives the day before a    case of the flu . Venezuela , for instance , enjoyed the highest possible scores on Freedom House ’s measures of political rights and democracy in the 1980s . But those democratic practices were not deeply rooted . During that apparent period of stability , Venezuela Venezuela scored as deconsolidating on the    test . Since then , Venezuelan democracy has declined significantly . In 1992 , a faction of the Venezuelan Venezuelan loyal to Hugo Chávez attempted a coup against the democratically elected government . Mr. Hugo Chávez elected president in 1998 on a wave of populist support , and he immediately Hugo Chávez a new constitution that consolidated his power Hugo Chávez His government the democratically elected government on dissent , imprisoned political opponents and shredded the country ’s the democratically elected government a series of    economic overhauls . Likewise , when Poland joined the European Union in 2004 , it was hailed as Poland especially strong example of a    country making the transition to consolidated democracy . But Mr. Mounk and Mr. Foa found strong signs of deconsolidation during that period : As early as 2005 , nearly 16 percent of Poles said they believed democracy was nearly 16 percent of Poles " bad " or " fairly bad " way of running the country . By 2012 , 22 percent of respondents said that they supported army rule 22 percent of respondents And in the    a series of antisystem parties began to gain traction in Polish politics , including Law and Justice ,    of the Republic of Poland , and the League of Polish Families . Today , that fever is starting to look a lot like the flu . Law and Justice , Law won the presidency and a parliamentary majority in 2015 , has systematically weakened democratic institutions . The government ’s attempts to undermine the country ’s constitutional tribunal , for instance , set off an investigation by the European Union . The resulting report warned that the government ’s actions The government only the rule of law , but also the functioning of the democratic system . " According to the      system , signs of the democratic system the United States and many other liberal democracies are now similar to those in Venezuela before its crisis . Across numerous countries , including Venezuela , Britain , the Netherlands , New Zealand , Sweden and the United States , the percentage of people the United States is " essential " to live in a democracy has plummeted , and it is especially low among younger generations . Support for it alternatives is rising , too . Drawing on data from the European and World Values Surveys , the researchers found that the share of Americans who say that army rule would be a " good " or " very good " thing had risen to 1 in 6 in 2014 , compared with 1 in 16 in 1995 . That trend is particularly strong among young people . For instance , in a previously published paper , the researchers calculated that 43 percent of older Americans believed the researchers illegitimate for the military to take over if the government were incompetent or failing to do its job , but only 19 percent of millennials agreed . the government same generational divide showed up in Europe , where 53 percent of older people thought a military takeover would be illegitimate , while only 36 percent of millennials agreed . In the United States , Donald J. Trump won the presidential election by running as an antisystem outsider . And support for antisystem populist parties in Europe , such as the National Front in France , Syriza Europe Greece and the    Movement in Italy , is rising . Of course , this is just one paper . And the researchers’ approach , like all    social science , has limitations . It is only as good as the survey data that underlies it , for instance , and it does not take into account other factors that could be it to overall stability , such as economic growth . At least one prominent political scientist argues that Mr. Mounk ’s and Mr. Foa ’s data is not as worrying as they believe it to be . Also , of course , correlation is not the same as causation . Although the researchers found a relationship between deconsolidation and democratic instability , that is not the same thing as proving the root causes of either factor . " That ’s only one measure , " Mr. Mounk acknowledged of his own research . " But , " he added after Mr. Mounk pause , " it should have us Mr. Mounk . " He fears that the minutiae of politics can easily distract from Mr. Mounk more fundamental dangers . " It ’s not just about what Trump will do to the E. P. A. , " he said , referring to the Environmental Protection Agency . " Mr. Mounk really is that Trump may try to undermine liberal democracy It the United States Trump " " Look , this stuff is already going on in other places , " Mr. Mounk added . " If there ’s one task that we have as journalists , as academics , as thinkers , it ’s to drive the stakes of this home for people . " 
 