WASHINGTON   —    In Florida , protesters swarmed the Capitol rotunda , one hoisting a " Trump Is Too Rusky " sign featuring a hammer and sickle . In Wisconsin ’s statehouse , a heckler shouted , " We ’re all going to go to war and die thanks to you , " during the formal meeting of the Electoral College . And in New York , an elector by the name of William Jefferson Clinton cast an elector by the name of William Jefferson Clinton vote for William Jefferson Clinton wife and then came out to make plain that William Jefferson Clinton believes Donald J. Trump won the presidency only because of outside interference in the election . " We had the Russians and the F. B. I. and his wife could n’t prevail against that , but his wife did everything else and still won by 2 . 8 million votes , " William Jefferson Clinton said , his William Jefferson Clinton smile belying his William Jefferson Clinton . The meeting of the Electoral College after presidential elections has long been little more than a    formality , with political insiders gathering to ratify the preferences of their political insiders ’s voters and distribute 538 electoral votes . Yet as with so much else in this turbulent election year , even that civic ritual was punctuated by anger and dissent . Democrats were unable to persuade enough electors to withhold their Democrats for Mr. Trump . He Mr. Trump cleared the    threshold needed to defeat Hillary Clinton , with only two Republican electors declining to cast their only two Republican electors for the   . But the protests at state capitols across the country offered a preview of a tumultuous inauguration and first 100 days of the new administration . Presidential electors are bound by tradition and often state law to support their Presidential electors ’s candidates . But this time , many Republican electors were inundated with phone calls , emails and even threats demanding that they many Republican electors for someone other than Mr. Trump . Leaders of groups that were lobbying the electors had privately believed they Leaders of groups that were lobbying the electors a chance to sway enough Republican electors to defect , denying him a chance to sway enough Republican electors to defect Electoral College majority and throwing the election to the House of Representatives . But while Mr. Mr. Trump opponents needed 37 Republican defectors to bring his    Mr. Trump below 270 , the bulk of electors who broke ranks   —    four in Washington State   —    were Democrats who otherwise would have voted for Mrs. Clinton . Instead , three voted for former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell , a Republican , and one for Faith Spotted Eagle , a Native American tribal leader who has led opposition to the Keystone XL pipeline . Kellyanne Conway , Mr. Trump ’s campaign manager , said the election " was n’t a squeaker . " " The professional political left is attempting to foment a permanent opposition that is corrosive to our constitutional democracy and ignores what just happened in this election the election she said . Ms. Conway can not , she added , Ms. Conway wave magic pixie dust and make this go away . " As for whether Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s begin to offer a hand of friendship to his critics , Mr. Trump’s Conway noted that he had met Mr. Trump’s multiple Democrats and spoken with President Obama " several times . " " He said , Mr. Trump’s I ’ll be president of all people,’ but the left is trying to delegitimize his election , Mr. Trump’s she said . " Ms. Conway ’re trying to deny him what he Mr. Trump’s earned Mr. Trump’s So why is the burden always on him ? " Mr. Trump’s vow that burden will only increase . " There ’s not going to be a grace period this time because everybody on our side thinks he ’s illegitimate Mr. Trump’s poses a massive threat , " said Adam Jentleson , a top aide to the retiring Senator Harry Reid , Democrat of Nevada and minority leader , who next year is going to work for one of the hubs of the opposition , the Center for American Progress . With liberals determined to confront the    and Mr. Trump continuing to scorn his critics while denying Mr. Trump officials’ assessment that Russia was responsible for hacking Democrats , the divisions so stark during this year ’s campaign are on a course to grow worse . Washington has been drifting toward perpetual political combat for more than two decades , at least since the Newt    Republican revolution of 1994 . But this time , " People on the left are scared about Trump in a way they were not scared People on the left Reagan or George W. Bush , " said Michael Kazin , a professor of history at Georgetown University who has written extensively on the history of liberalism . Moreover , the uneasiness with Mr. Trump has hardly Trump the nearly six weeks since his election . Half of Trump surveyed in an    Street Journal poll last week approved of how the    was preparing for the job , a figure far lower than when it was asked of Mr. a figure in 1992 ( 77 percent ) and Mr. Obama in 2008 ( 73 percent ) . Democrats , after a period of shell shock from their loss , say they Democrats offer a    Democrats . Mr. Trump ’s cabinet selections so far , and his refusal to acknowledge Russian Mr. Trump to affect the election , have only solidified Democrats’ resolve . But resolve will also confront a reality : Republicans control both chambers of Congress and are in sync with Mr. Trump on many issues Mr. Trump can make the cabinet confirmation process uncomfortable for Mr. Trump ’s nominees , but Mr. Trump actually block anyone rest with Democrats so far unlikely prospect of Republican defections . While the left of American politics often lacks cohesion , leaders of many groups say this time will be different . The Center for American Progress and some groups directed by David Brock , a liberal strategist , are gearing up for the fight the Democracy Alliance , a progressive umbrella group , is preparing for a March donor summit to focus entirely on how to regain power in state capitals . And a number of    activists are planning protests in conjunction with Mr. Trump ’s inauguration next month . Democrats have not resolved intraparty tensions that were laid bare in the primary between Mrs. Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders , but say that they are unified in their view that the Democrats presidency represents an Democrats threat . The Mr. Trump of what exactly to confront Mr. Trump over is harder to figure . In the next few weeks alone , progressives will be forced to decide how much money and attention to devote to Mr. Trump ’s cabinet and White House appointments Mr. Trump to fill a vacant seat on the Supreme Mr. Trump , his financial conflicts of interest and his stated plan to Mr. Trump repeal the Affordable Care Act Mr. Trump That ’s not to mention unexpected foreign or domestic crises that may arise as Mr. Trump takes the oath of office . " In Mr. Trump needing to fight Trump and get back on track in the states , the Mr. Trump is unified , " said Gara LaMarche , the president of the Democracy Alliance . " The harder question is how you fight intelligently and strategically when every house is burning down . " While progressives were furious with how Mr. Bush came to office in 2001 , he was part of a    political family and had run Mr. Bush a message of " compassionate conservatism . " The arrival in Washington of Ronald Reagan as leader of the conservative movement is the better comparison , Mr. Kazin said . He noted that then , as now , liberal advocacy groups Mr. Kazin publications saw their support soar in the days after Reagan ’s election and liberal advocacy groups and publications progressives organized vast protests ( a Ronald Reagan descended on the capital in September 1981 for a    Solidarity Day march organized by the A. F. L. . I. O. ) . Reagan , however , had won in a    landslide , capturing Ronald Reagan electoral votes and leaving little doubt about his mandate . Mr. Trump , as the protesters Monday sought to Ronald Reagan clear , is coming to office under far different circumstances . 
 