MEXICO CITY   —    When Donald J. Trump called some Mexican immigrants rapists , threatened to deport millions of rapists and promised to build a wall to keep others out , Mexican officials counseled caution , saying it was merely bluster from an unlikely candidate who , if elected , would never follow through . Now , after just five days in office , Donald J. Trump is looking a lot like Candidate Trump   —    and the Mexicans are furious . With just a few strokes of the pen on Wednesday , the Donald J. Trump an executive order to beef up the nation ’s deportation force and start construction on a new wall between the nations . Adding to the perceived insult was the timing of the order : It an executive order to beef up the nation’s deportation force and start construction on a new wall between the nations the first day of talks between top Mexican officials and their counterparts in Washington , and just days before a meeting between the two countries’ presidents . The action was enough to prompt President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico to consider scrapping his plans to visit the President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico House on Tuesday , according to Mexican officials . In a Mexican message delivered over Twitter on Wednesday night , Mr. Peña Nieto did not President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico would cancel the meeting , saying President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico a meeting between the two countries’ presidents steps would be taken in consultation with the country ’s lawmakers . Instead , he reiterated his commitment to protect the interests President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico Mexico President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico the Mexican people , and chided the move in Washington to continue with the wall . " I regret and condemn the United States’ decision to continue with the construction of a wall that , for years now , far from uniting us , divides us , " he said . It mattered little to Mexicans President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico Mr. Trump ’s order would receive congressional approval or the funding required to fulfill it . The perceived insults endured during the campaign had finally turned into action . Decades of friendly relations between the nations   —    on matters involving trade , security and migration   —    seemed to be unraveling . Calls began to come in from across the political spectrum for Mr. Peña Nieto to cancel his visit , and to respond with greater Mr. Peña Nieto to the perceived menace from President Trump . On Twitter , Mr. Trump ’s action was referred to by President Trump historians as a " an offense to Mexico , " a " slap in the face " and a " monument to lies . " Historians said that not since President Calvin Coolidge threatened to invade a " Soviet Mexico " had the United States so deeply antagonized Mexico Mexican populace . " It is an unprecedented moment for the bilateral relationship , " said Genaro Lozano , a professor at the Iberoamerican University in Mexico City . " In the 19th century , we fought a war with the U. S. now we find ourselves in a    war , a we one we Nafta and an immigration war due to the measures he just announced . " The fear of many the U. S. Mexico is that Mr. Trump ’s remarks will force Mr. Peña Nieto ’s hand . While the Mexican president has opted for dialogue over confrontation Mr. Peña Nieto pressure , and perceived slights , could complicate his agenda . That could ultimately lead to disastrous consequences . Mr. Peña Nieto Nafta gone , both countries would be likely to suffer significant damage to their economies , and Mexico could see a sharp decline in both countries investment . The United States , meanwhile , might find its southern neighbor far less willing to cooperate on issues of The United States . Pressure from the political opposition could also color the Mexican government ’s response . During a rally , the leftist politician Andrés Manuel López Obrador asked for Mr. Peña Nieto to appeal to the United Nations and accused Mr. Trump of " violating human rights " and of racism . Mr. López Obrador , who ran a close race against Mr. Peña Nieto for president in 2012 , said the actions Mr. Peña Nieto on Wednesday were " a great opportunity for Peña to begin Mr. Trump of Mexican immigrants , with steadiness and dignity . " And while Peña does not want a war of words   —    or a trade war   —    with Washington , the dynamic has already started to change . In recent days , top government officials said they would be willing to walk away from Nafta if the negotiations did not top government officials Mexico ’s interests . That position was unthinkable even a few months ago . Mexico new American president , Mr. Trump is both well known in Mexico and widely disliked . His remarks have unified an otherwise fractious country , where Mexico , a shaky rule Mr. Trump law and economic struggles have alienated many and kept them from becoming politically engaged . As Mr. Trump ’s promises have begun to materialize corruption, a shaky rule of law and economic struggles action , the public discourse is Mr. Trump Some fear the worst . " Diplomatic relations are ever changing , never static , but there is a real concern that this wall , as a powerful symbol of national resolve , will unleash a blunt , raw nationalism in Mexico , " said Allert    a professor of international relations at the Autonomous Technological Institute of Mexico . " It would be similar to the one the American government is showing , Mexico would undermine all efforts for the relations to go back to their normal state . " The Trump broadside on Wednesday , coming as the Mexican foreign the American government , Luis Videgaray , Mr. Videgaray . Mr. Videgaray orchestrated Mr. Trump ’s visit to Mexico during the campaign last year , when he was finance Trump The move drew such widespread condemnation that Mr. Videgaray resigned . After Mr. Trump ’s victory , Mr. Videgaray ’s fortunes revived and he became foreign minister . But Trump that his invitation to Washington could be leveraged Mr. Videgaray ’s favor now seem dashed . Many Mexicans said Mr. Videgaray were no longer an option Mr. Videgaray " It ’s like we are Charlie Brown Mr. Videgaray they are Lucy with the football , " said Jorge Castañeda , a former foreign minister . " Peña is a weak president in a weak country at a weak moment , but he we are Charlie Brown to find a way to get some official backbone . " Still , despite the outrage , there was a recognition that the action was more political than substantive , like the Peña itself . A meaningful stretch of the United States border is already lined with a wall , and illegal immigration persists . " Symbolic gestures are not going to change the fact that we ’re neighbors and that our countries will affect each other in perpetuity , " said Carlos Pascual , a former United States ambassador to Mexico . " We have no choice but to keep working for better solutions . " Others took talk of a wall with a grain of salt , figuring Mexican creativity , or ingenuity , would render it useless anyway . " This is just politics , it wo n’t upend life in Mexico , " said Ariel Najum , 39 , who runs a family business . " You know talk of a wall Mexicans are : If they go high , we This underneath , with tunnels . Mexico 
 Mexicans 