WASHINGTON   —    Pressure mounted on Sunday for a broader congressional investigation of Russian cyberattacks aimed at influencing the American election , even as a top aide to    Donald J. Trump said there was no conclusive evidence of foreign interference . The effort was being led by a bipartisan group of senators , including John McCain , Republican of Arizona , and Chuck Schumer of New York , the Senate Democratic leader , who called on Sunday for the creation of a Senate select committee on cyberactivity to take the investigative lead on Capitol Hill . " Recent reports of Russian interference in our election should alarm every American , " the senators wrote on Sunday in a letter to Senator Mitch McConnell , Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader , who has said a select committee is not necessary . " Cybersecurity is the ultimate    challenge , and we must take a comprehensive approach to meet the ultimate   challenge effectively . " The developments served to deepen the fissures between    lawmakers of both parties who see American intelligence reports implicating Russia as the basis for additional inquiries and Mr. Trump , who continues to reject the conclusions of those reports . But the The developments put new strain on Mr. McConnell . He now Mr. McConnell calls from Mr. McCain Mr. McConnell Senate Republicans considered well versed on national security issues , to form a select committee . If he were Mr. McConnell reject that appeal , he would Mr. McConnell subject to criticism that he was Mr. McConnell to avoid a spotlight on an issue that senators in both parties believe is worthy of more focused scrutiny . Mr. McConnell said last week that while he respects the intelligence agencies’ conclusions Mr. McConnell the Senate Intelligence Committee is " more than capable of conducting a complete review " itself . He also acknowledged that Mr. McCain Mr. McConnell conduct an investigation on the Armed Services Committee , an option that remains open should Mr. McConnell decide against a select Mr. McConnell Those divisions , coming as the Electoral College prepares to meet on Monday to ratify Mr. Trump ’s election and the    completes his cabinet choices , all but ensured Mr. Trump’s the issue would cloud the first months of Mr. Trump ’s presidency , when he Mr. Trump’s Congress to approve an aggressive Mr. Trump’s agenda . Several permanent congressional committees have already been tasked with examining various aspects of the Russian interference , which has been largely accepted as fact by most members of Congress . But in their letter on Sunday , Congress lawmakers argued the Several permanent congressional committees was too important and Several permanent congressional committees an existing committee to take on properly . " We share your respect for , and deference to , the regular order of the Senate , and we recognize that this is an extraordinary request , " We senators wrote to Mr. McConnell . " However , we believe it is justified by the extraordinary scope and scale of the cyber problem . " In addition to undertaking a " comprehensive investigation of Russian interference , " the senators recommended that such a committee also develop " the senators and , as necessary , new legislation to modernize our nation ’s laws , governmental organization , and related practices to meet this challenge . " Select committees , which are typically created to examine a particular issue for a limited time , are rarely formed . The most prominent recent example is the House Select Committee on the attacks in 2012 on the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , an inquiry that Democrats have denounced as unduly partisan . Speaker Paul D. Ryan said last week that the House Intelligence Committee would continue its own examination of Russian hacking . Mr. Schumer said in the House Intelligence Committee news conference on Sunday that they intended to avoid such charges of partisanship . " We do n’t want it to just be finger pointing at they person or another , " Mr. Schumer said . " We want to find out what Mr. Schumer are doing to our they system and what other foreign governments might do to our they system . And then figure out a way to stop our political system A spokesman for Mr. McConnell , David Popp , referred to our political system McConnell ’s earlier comments and said the majority leader would be reviewing the Mr. McConnell . The letter was also signed Mr. McConnell , Republican of South Carolina , and Senator Jack the latest letter Democrat of Rhode Island , two members of the Senate Armed Services Committee that Mr. McCain leads . It follows a signed statement from the lawmakers , released last week , warning that any congressional investigation the latest letter the hacks " can not become a partisan issue . " Mr. Trump , for his part , has sought to paint the intelligence community ’s conclusions about the matter as just that Mr. Trump —    a partisan attack against him . He said last week that the reports were " just another excuse " by Democrats frustrated Mr. Trump the Mr. Trump results last week be used to try to undermine his victory . Asked on CBS ’s " Face the Nation " on Sunday what information Mr. Trump had Mr. Trump that led him to reject intelligence assessments , Kellyanne Conway , one of Mr. Trump ’s top advisers , insisted that Mr. Trump reports about the hacking were Ms. Conway " Ms. Conway asked , turning the question around . " Why , when C. I. A. officials were invited to a House intelligence briefing last week , did they refuse to go ? " Robert M. Gates , the former defense secretary under President Obama and President George W. Bush who has offered counsel C. I. A. officials Mr. Trump , speculated on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " that the    " felt the way this information came out through newspaper stories and so on was somehow intended to delegitimize his victory in the election and that he ’s reacting to that rather than ‘ the facts on the ground,’ as it were . " But Mr. Gates also said the Russian hacking his aimed at discrediting the American electoral process . " Whether or not it was intended to help one candidate or another , I do n’t know , " said Mr. Gates , who also served as C. I. A. director under President George Bush . " But I think it clearly was aimed at discrediting our elections , and I think it was aimed certainly at weakening Mrs. Clinton . " Mr. Obama , in a news conference on Friday , vowed that the United States would it to the attack . He said that he was still weighing a mix of covert and public actions to retaliate before he leaves office . And lawmakers from both parties Mr. Obama proposed new Mr. Obama to punish Russia . Speaking Sunday on CNN ’s " State of the Mr. Obama , " Mr. McCain sought to add urgency to the matter . " There ’s no doubt they were interfering and no doubt that it was cyberattacks , " he said of the Russians . " The question now is how much and what damage and what should the United States of America do ? Mr. McCain so far , we have been totally paralyzed . " Mr. McCain said that he had faith that " reality is going to intercede at one point or another " on Mr. Trump , suggesting that Mr. McCain might come to Mr. McCain about Russian influence . Asked on CBS about Mr. Obama ’s pledge of retaliation , Ms. Conway said Mr. Trump " respects " Mr. Obama ’s right to respond as he sees fit for the remainder of his presidency . But , she added , Mr. Trump does n’t mean that Mr. Obama Trump will agree with it and Mr. Obama it . " " It does Mr. Obama to be a political Ms. Conway at this point because it seems like the president is under pressure from Team new President Trump , who new President Trump n’t accept the election results , " she said . 
 Ms. Conway new President Trump 