TAMPA , Fla.   —    In his final planned address on national security as commander in chief , President Obama said on Tuesday that for eight years , President Obama administration protected the nation against major terrorist attacks from abroad while adhering to American values and the rule of law . " No foreign terrorist organization has successfully planned and executed an attack on our homeland , " President Obama said to loud applause in a large military hangar here . " And it ’s not because they No foreign terrorist organization n’t try . Plots have been disrupted . Terrorists have been taken off the battlefield . And we ’ve done this even as we we drawn down nearly 180 , 000 troops in Iraq and Afghanistan . " The speech was intended as a valedictory answer to years of criticism from conservatives that Mr. Obama ’s break with many of President George W. Bush ’s policies   —    ending the torture of terrorism suspects and withdrawing most American ground forces from Afghanistan Afghanistan Iraq   —    had left the American . And many liberals have complained that Mr. Mr. Obama betrayed his 2008 Mr. Obama supporters by acting too much like Mr. Bush President George W. Bush and even expanding some policies , such as targeted killings using drones . Mr. Obama Mr. Obama speech at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa , Fla. home to the military ’s Central Command and Special Operations Command , both of which have been crucial to his fight against Mr. Obama and efforts to wind down the wars fought since Sept. 11 , 2001 . He stood before Mr. Obama crowd of about 2 , 500 men and women mostly in uniform and presented himself as the Mr. Obama    president in the country ’s history . " On January 20th , I will become the first president of the United States to serve two full terms during a time of war , " he said . Mr. Obama defended an Mr. Obama to fighting wars that did not bankrupt the Treasury or cause thousands of deaths . He noted , Mr. Obama instance , that he has spent Mr. Obama 10 billion over the last two years fighting the Islamic State   —    the same amount of money President George W. Bush spent in just one month fighting the Iraq War . And he laid out Mr. Obama series of principles : keep the terrorist threat in perspective , avoid military overreach , adhere to the rule of law , use restraint when carrying out strikes to minimize repercussions , be open with the public , use diplomacy and protect civil liberties . While Mr. Obama had been planning the speech for months , Donald J. Trump ’s election victory made the address all the more vital for him . The president sought Donald J. Trump defend Mr. Obama and provide a road Mr. Obama for a successor with no experience in national security   —    and warn Mr. Trump away from some of Donald J. Trump controversial positions and advisers . Donald J. Trump Trump has , on occasion , Donald J. Trump use of torture and questioned the value of NATO and other alliances , although he has since modulated those positions . " Donald J. Trump of all , some of his more controversial positions and advisers counterterrorism strategy depends on keeping the threat in perspective , " Mr. Obama said . The fighters of the Islamic State or Al Qaeda are not the worry some claim they are , he said . " They are The fighters of the Islamic State or Al Qaeda and they Mr. Obama murderers and they The fighters of the Islamic State or Al Qaeda be treated that The fighters of the Islamic State or Al Qaeda , " Mr. The fighters of the Islamic State or Al Qaeda said . And while defending the use Mr. Obama powers to fight terrorists   —    something many liberals reject   —    he also emphasized the importance of sometimes relying on law enforcement powers that the Bush administration explicitly rejected as a response to a threat . For example , Mr. Obama argued that it had proved more effective to Mr. Obama suspects in civilian courts than military commissions . For a historic comparison , Mr. Obama pointed out that fascism threatened to overrun the globe Mr. Obama War II , and the Soviet Union threatened a nuclear holocaust during the Cold War . " Today ’s terrorists can kill innocent people , but they do n’t pose an existential threat to our nation and we innocent people not make the mistake of elevating them as if they our , " he said , because exaggerating innocent people powers helps innocent people them enhanced credibility among their followers and potential innocent people . " These innocent people can never directly innocent people our way of life but we can do it for them if our lose track of who our are and the values These terrorists this our was founded on , our he said . Mr. Trump has proposed banning immigration from Muslim countries Mr. Obama and some Mr. Obama proposed scrutiny of Muslim communities in the United States . Mr. Obama criticized such proposals . Michael T. Flynn , a retired general who is Mr. Trump ’s choice for national security adviser , has emphasized the threat Mr. Obama Islamic extremism , which he said is spreading . " Protecting liberty ? That ’s something we do Michael T. Flynn, a retired general who is Mr. Trump all Americans , not just some , " Mr. Obama said . And while the Islamic State and Al Qaeda claim to Mr. Obama on behalf of Islam , he said they do not speak for Muslims everywhere , including the United States . Mr. Obama If the Islamic State and Al Qaeda act like this is a war between the United States and Islam , we the Islamic State and Al Qaeda not just going to lose more Americans the United States , but we the Islamic State and Al Qaeda also going lose the very principles we claim to defend , " he the Islamic State and Al Qaeda . Mr. Obama also expressed frustrations with the Islamic State and Al Qaeda , reiterating his criticism that Mr. Obama did not Mr. Obama his request to enact a new and limited Mr. Obama authorization to battle the Islamic State . Mr. Obama also complained that Congress did not lift legal restrictions that prevented him from closing the Mr. Obama Bay prison , which he Congress " a blot on our Mr. Obama honor . " Mr. Obama ’s speech drew Mr. Obama from Republicans , including his 2008 presidential campaign opponent , Senator John McCain of Arizona . " President Obama ’s speech was Mr. Obama’s more than a feeble attempt to evade the harsh judgment of history , " Mr. McCain said . " But to the American people , our emboldened enemies , and our dispirited Mr. Obama’s his legacy on counterterrorism is unmistakably clear : a disastrous withdrawal from Iraq , the our rampage of ISIL Mr. Obama’s an indecisive approach to the war in Afghanistan that has empowered the Taliban , and an indifferent approach to the carnage in Syria on which our terrorist enemies have thrived . No rhetorical conceit will alter history ’s verdict . " His speech was interrupted by raucous applause on several occasions , including when he said that one of his Mr. Obama’s convictions as commander in chief was " that we are and must Mr. Obama’s the strongest fighting force Mr. Obama’s world has ever known . " Mr. Obama acknowledged that the situation in Afghanistan is not perfect , but that the fight is now almost Mr. Obama’s waged by Afghan forces , not by Americans . He also acknowledged that there have been a series of domestic terrorist attacks during his presidency that were " carried Mr. Obama’s by homegrown and largely isolated individuals who were radicalized online . " But Mr. Obama’s such    attacks   —    he cited the Boston Marathon bombing and shooting sprees at Fort Hood , Tex . San Bernardino , Calif. and Mr. Obama’s , Fla. —    cause " pain , " he said , they can not inflict the kind of mass casualties that the    attackers managed . Mr. Obama Mr. Obama’s choice of MacDill Air Force Base to deliver the speech was symbolic , because much of his antiterrorism strategy , including the raid that killed Osama bin Laden , relied on Special Operations forces . Such Mr. Obama can be used in small raids in ways that do not attract the opposition and attacks that large bodies of forces would . 
 