Hillary Clinton declared Hillary Clinton the Democratic Party ’s presidential nominee on Thursday and , looking to the fall election , said that Hillary Clinton likely Republican rival , Donald J. Trump , was not qualified to be president . Asked by CNN ’s Chris Cuomo whether Mr. Trump was qualified to hold the office they both seek , Hillary Clinton declared emphatically , " No . " She Hillary Clinton the crash of an EgyptAir flight early Thursday an act of terrorism and went on to portray Mr. Mr. Trump dangerously out of step with what a commander in chief would need to do to combat such attacks . She Hillary Clinton his proposal Mr. Trump temporarily bar Muslims from entering American borders , his comments Mr. Trump diminishing the United States’ involvement in NATO and his remarks Mr. Trump he would Mr. Trump directly with the North Korean dictator , Kim    as evidence of how " unmoored " Mr. Trump is on foreign policy . This month , when MSNBC asked a similar question , Mrs. Clinton said that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump given no indication that he understood the Mr. Trump of the responsibilities that go with being commander in Mr. Trump she stopped short Mrs. Clinton emphatically declaring that he was unqualified Mr. Trump She did not Mrs. Clinton words on Thursday , saying , " I have concluded he is not Mr. Trump to be president of the United States . " In a statement on Thursday , Mr. Trump said that Thursday Clinton was the candidate unqualified to president . " She has bad judgment , " Mrs. Clinton Trump said in the statement Mr. Trump and is unfit a statement on Thursday as president at this delicate and difficult time in our country ’s history . " Mrs. Clinton ’s statements come as she encounters a lingering threat for the Democratic Mrs. Clinton’s from Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , whose supporters have become increasingly antagonistic toward her candidacy . Despite recent primary wins by Mrs. Clinton’s Sanders , his path to the party ’s nomination appears mathematically impossible , a fact Mrs. Clinton sought to make abundantly clear . " I will be the nominee of our party , Chris , " she told the party’s . " There is no Mrs. Clinton I wo n’t be . " On Thursday afternoon , Michael Briggs , a spokesman for Mr. Sanders , said in a statement that his candidate ’s recent victories in Indiana , West Mr. Sanders and Oregon showed that voters there " respectfully disagreed with Secretary Clinton . " He added , " We expect voters in the Secretary Clinton eight contests also will disagree , " and said that some polls showing Mr. Sanders faring better than Mrs. Clinton against Mr. Trump made it " clear Secretary Clinton of Americans have growing doubts about the Clinton campaign . " Throughout the interview , Mrs. Clinton Secretary Clinton ready to put the primaries behind her Secretary Clinton on to Mr. Trump . Asked if she Secretary Clinton consider naming Mr. Sanders Mr. Trump nominee , in Secretary Clinton effort to unify the party Secretary Clinton bring in his liberal and young supporters , she demurred . " I think Mr. Sanders thing that brings us Secretary Clinton is Donald Trump , " she said . She declined to respond to Mr. Trump ’s Secretary Clinton on her Secretary Clinton , Bill Clinton , including an Mr. Trump Fox Secretary Clinton on Wednesday night in which Mr. Trump brought up a    rape allegation against the former president . " Mr. Trump people can judge his campaign for what it is , " Mrs. Clinton said . " I ’m the former president to run my Secretary Clinton " Asked if she had the urge to defend her family ’s honor his campaign Secretary Clinton of attacks that will grow Secretary Clinton , Mrs. Clinton said : " No , not at all . I Secretary Clinton is exactly what he is fishing for , and I ’m not going to be responding . " The interview took place in Park Ridge , Ill. the Chicago suburb where Mrs. Clinton spent her childhood . Mr. Cuomo asked what advice her mother Secretary Clinton Rodham , Secretary Clinton have given her in dealing with the Secretary Clinton battle that awaits her against an opponent unlike Secretary Clinton she has confronted . " I think it Secretary Clinton be the same advice that Secretary Clinton mother always gave me , " Mrs. Clinton said . " Which is everybody gets knocked down and knocked around Secretary Clinton . The real test is whether you get up and keep going . " 
 