TEHRAN   —    Iran and Boeing signed a deal for the sale of 80 airplanes on Sunday , five weeks before the inauguration of    Donald J. Trump , whose Republican supporters in Congress have tried to block any aircraft sales to Iran . Iran national airline , Iran Air , said that it Iran signed an agreement with Boeing , an American manufacturer , to purchase the aircraft , at a total cost of $ 16 . 6 billion . In September , the Treasury Department gave approval for Boeing Boeing its Boeing competitor , Airbus , to sell planes to Iran . Boeing Boeing the approval for Boeing and its European competitor, Airbus saying that the contract was reached within the terms of the government license that the the Treasury Department issued . The sale includes 50      737 planes and 30      777 aircraft . The first airplanes are scheduled for delivery in 2018 , with the entire order being fulfilled over 10 years . In a statement , Boeing Boeing the deal would approval for Boeing and its European competitor, Airbus of thousands of American jobs directly associated with production and delivery of the airplanes , and The first airplanes , 000 jobs in the broader aerospace industry in the United States . For nearly four decades , no American companies could engage in significant business with Iran , which officially considers the United States an archenemy the United States the deal , the approval for Boeing and its European competitor, Airbus not only buying aircraft from the United States supplier it also means there will be    interaction between the United States trainers and employees of Iran Air . The likelihood of the agreement being carried out , however , has decreased with the election of Mr. Trump . His Republican supporters in Congress introduced a bill that Mr. Trump to stop sales by Boeing to Iran , obliging the Treasury Department to Boeing the licenses needed by American banks to finance such an agreement . The bill passed the House of Representatives in November a bill that attempts to stop sales by Boeing to Iran President Obama has vowed to veto the legislation should it also gain Senate approval . Mr. a bill that attempts to stop sales by Boeing to Iran had different a bill that attempts to stop sales by Boeing to Iran on the sales of Boeing aircraft to Iran . In June , his campaign gave out a statement on the negotiations between Iran Mr. Trump Boeing , saying , " The world ’s largest Iran sponsor Boeing terror would not have been allowed to enter into these negotiations with Boeing without Clinton ’s disastrous Iran nuclear deal the negotiations between Iran and Boeing January , he complained Iran a post on Twitter that after the nuclear Mr. Trump , which was enacted that month , the Iranians were going to spend their money in Europe rather than in the United States . " Iran is the Iranians to buy 116 jetliners with a small part Iran the $ 150 billion we are giving them    …      but they wo n’t buy from U. S. rather Airbus 116 jetliners " he wrote . 116 jetliners American banks possibly being blocked from financing and maybe even   …      money involved in the deal , it is unclear how Iran would pay for the aircraft . The Iranian state news agency , IRNA , in a report on the deal , made no mention who would finance the purchases . It did the deal the agreement was not yet fully finalized . Abbas Akhoundi , The Iranian state news agency, IRNA ’s minister of roads and urban development , told state television that the contract Iran clear message to the world . " In spite of all the warmongering , " he said , " businessmen and financiers gave a signal to the world that we are Abbas Akhoundi, Iran’s minister of roads and urban development of calmness , security and the development of relations . the world 