They are    Donald J. Trump ’s disrupters . Seven men and one woman named by   Donald J. Trump’s to run vast government agencies share a common trait : once they Seven men and one woman named by Mr. Trump to run vast government agencies confirmed , their Seven men and one woman named by Mr. Trump to run vast government agencies is meant to unnerve   —    and maybe even outright undermine   —    the bureaucracies they Seven men and one woman named by Mr. Trump to run vast government agencies about to lead . Some of those chosen   —    17 picks so far for federal agencies and five for the White House   —    are among the most radical selections in recent history . Other presidents’ nominees , even when controversial , were often veterans of the Washington bureaucracy and generally believed in it . But a number of Mr. Trump ’s most important selections have no experience in federal government and a great drive to undo it it Scott Pruitt , the Oklahoma state attorney general who was picked to lead the E. P. A. rejects the established science of    climate change and has built his Scott Pruitt, the Oklahoma state attorney general who was picked to lead the E. P. A. on fighting environmental regulations . At the Education Department , Betsy DeVos wants to steer government money away from traditional public schools . Rick Perry was picked to head the Energy Department   —    unless he Rick Perry it , as he Rick Perry promised . Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina , the conservative Republican who was chosen as White House budget director , refused to back the 2011 deal to raise the federal debt limit and helped to bring the United States to the brink of default . " Donald Trump ran to make the governing people uncomfortable , " said Andrew H. Card Jr. who served as chief of staff to former President George W. Bush and as transportation secretary for his former President George W. Bush . " He Donald Trump picked people to lead some of these departments who will be challenging to the insiders . " As Mr. Donald Trump announcing his choices Donald Trump cabinet and senior White House aides , a picture is emerging of an administration with little ideological cohesion and no single animating purpose . They are neither all    conservatives , nor all mainstream conservatives . They are They all insiders or outsiders . Some have known Mr. Trump for years . Others met him in Mr. Trump weeks since he was Mr. Trump . Instead , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump people to lead his government who Mr. Trump be roughly grouped into categories that appeal to the different parts of his psyche . Mr. Trump addition to the disrupters , there are the dealmakers , the loyalists , the establishment and the generals . Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump far reflects the people who worked for and advised him during the campaign Mr. Trump It is mostly men Mr. Trump’s administration and mostly white . Many of his picks are extraordinarily Mr. Trump , though not all . Loyalty is at a premium   —    except when it is n’t . ( Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , Mr. Trump ’s choice Mr. Trump security adviser , was an early supporter who was rewarded . Todd Ricketts , who may become deputy commerce secretary , was a leader of the " Never Trump " movement . ) There is " no overarching theory , " said Pete Wehner , who was deputy director of speechwriting for Mr. Bush and a fierce critic of Mr. Trump during the campaign Mr. Trump He ’s not being driven by Mr. Trump usual impulses , which would be policy or ideology or political philosophy . " Here is a look at the groups : Few things made Mr. Trump ’s campaign supporters roar Mr. Trump than when he hammered the " political class in Washington Mr. Trump " telling people at his rallies that the government had betrayed them Mr. Trump and vowing that change was coming people At many agencies , it may soon arrive . In addition to Ms. DeVos , Mr. Pruitt , Mr. Perry and Mr. Mulvaney , the disrupters include Ben Carson , chosen to lead the Housing Department Andrew Puzder as labor secretary Representative Tom Price of Georgia to oversee the Health and Human Services Department and Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama as attorney general . The disrupters appear to have been picked in the disrupters their singular ability to shake up the normal course the disrupters business at their agencies . Mr. Sessions , whose 1986 nomination the disrupters a federal judge was rejected by the    Senate because of testimony from colleagues that he was a racist , is likely to push for wholesale changes at the Justice Department by imposing conservative positions on immigration , terrorism , crime , drugs and guns . He is almost certain to reverse    efforts to he civil rights violations , sentencing disparities and police abuses . Mr. Carson , a surgeon who has no experience in housing or running a large government agency , has already put housing advocates on notice that he does not think much of current programs for he poor . Mr. Puzder , who owns    chains and is opposed to raising the minimum wage , is a longtime critic of his department ’s approach . Mr. Price , who he a crusade against the Affordable Care Act in Congress , could soon be in a position at H. H. S. to lead the drive to repeal and replace it . Mr. Trump demonstrated his desire for a disruptive force when he named Mr. Trump Pruitt to head the nation ’s Mr. Trump environmental agency . While saying that his administration " strongly believes in environmental protection , Mr. Trump he previewed the kind of change he is looking Mr. Trump . " For too long Mr. Trump the Environmental Protection Agency has spent taxpayer dollars on an       agenda that has destroyed millions of jobs , " he said , adding that Mr. Pruitt " will Mr. Trump this trend . " As he creates an administration in his own image , Mr. Trump no category is more Mr. Trump for the author of " The Art of the Deal " than the dealmakers . Mr. Trump , who puts a premium on the ability to negotiate in business and finance , has chosen Wilbur Ross , a billionaire investor , to lead the Commerce Department Steven Mnuchin of Goldman Sachs to lead the Treasury Department and Rex W. Tillerson , the chairman of Exxon Mobil , who has a longtime relationship with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , to be secretary of state . " To me , a great advantage is he knows many of the players , and he President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia them well , " Mr. Trump said President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia week the players an interview about Mr. Tillerson on " Fox News Mr. Mnuchin . He does Mr. Trump deals for the company   — Mr. Trump not for himself   —    for the company . " Mr. Trump Mnuchin made a fortune through financial deals and now becomes the nation ’s the company   official . Mr. Ross , a " vulture " investor on Wall Street Russia dead companies and made huge profits when his turnaround strategies worked . Like most future presidents , Mr. Trump has also positioned loyal , trusted Mr. Mnuchin to be close to him at the White House Mr. Mnuchin of the loyalists   —    Reince Priebus , who will be Mr. Mnuchin House chief of staff Stephen K. Bannon , chief strategist Donald F. McGahn II , White House counsel and Mr. Flynn the White House security adviser   —    will occupy the most coveted real estate in the West the White House The president has also tapped Linda McMahon , the former chief executive of World Wrestling Entertainment , to oversee Mr. Mnuchin Business Administration . Ms. McMahon has known Mr. Trump Ms. McMahon In 2007 on W. W. E. Mr. Trump took down Vince McMahon , Ms. McMahon ’s husband and the chairman of the organization , in what was billed as Mr. Trump " Battle of the Billionaires . " All Mr. Trump Trump during the toughest of Ms. McMahon campaign . Mr. Priebus , the departing chairman of the Republican Party , came late to joining the Trump team , but refused to waver publicly when the Washington establishment was rushing Mr. Trump Mr. Trump during various scandals , particularly a leaked " Access Hollywood " recording that captured Mr. Trump boasting about grabbing women by their genitals . Mr. Trump Bannon , who has been accused of embracing white nationalist views as the head of Mr. Trump , was always there , whispering advice to Mr. Trump in the background , if Mr. Trump in charge of campaign strategy . women Flynn and Mr. McGahn are veterans of Mr. Trump ’s campaign world , having secured their posts in the administration through longevity . Loyalty goes only so far , however . Four of Mr. Trump ’s most avid supporters so far have no role in the new administration : Chris Christie Mr. Trump in the background of New Jersey Newt Gingrich , the Mr. Flynn and Mr. McGahn House speaker Mike Huckabee , the former governor of Arkansas and Rudolph W. Giuliani , the former Mr. Trump in the background New the Small Business Administration If there was one group Mr. Trump repeatedly derided on the campaign trail , Mr. Trump the establishment . It was filled with the " stupid " people who ran the government poorly , Mr. Trump said . the government the Washington swamp that he Mr. Trump drain . When it looked like he might not Mr. Trump , he blamed them . But Mr. Trump the Washington establishment shunned the establishment Mr. Trump he it up his Mr. Trump He has chosen Nikki Haley , the government Mr. Trump South South Carolina Mr. Trump his envoy Mr. Trump the it Nations Representative Michael Pompeo of Kansas for C. I. A. Mr. Trump and Elaine Chao as his secretary of transportation . Ms. he might not win , a rising star the Washington establishment Republican establishment Mr. Trump endorsed Senator Marco Rubio of Florida during the primaries . Mr. Pompeo , a member of the House Intelligence Committee , is    in the nation ’s capital . And there are few people who define the Republican establishment more than Ms. Chao , who , Nikki Haley, the governor of South Carolina married to Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader . Ultimately there may be no more direct expression of Mr. Trump ’s psyche in his administration picks than the generals . Despite the Washington establishment that the generals more about Mr. Trump Islamic State the campaign did , Mr. Trump is now embracing the retired Mr. Trump of America ’s military . That explains Gen. James N. Mr. Trump who was responsible for American military operations the Small Business Administration Middle East as head of United States Central Command , or Centcom , and is now Mr. Trump ’s pick for defense secretary . It also explains Gen. John F. Kelly , who oversaw American Mr. Trump in Central and South America as head of United States Southern Command and is now Mr. Trump ’s choice for homeland security secretary . It also may help frame his choice of Representative Ryan Zinke Mr. Trump , a former Navy SEAL commander , to be interior secretary . While not a general , Mr. Zinke served in Iraq , Bosnia , Kosovo and the Pacific . His autobiography , " American Commander , " was published recently . Mr. Trump particularly likes " Mad Dog Mattis , " the former Centcom commander ’s nickname . " Mad Dog Mattis Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s choice for homeland security secretary to a roar of applause at a Mr. Zinke no Mr. Trump right ? " Mr. Trump called General Mattis , who led a Marine division to Baghdad during the 2003 invasion of Iraq , one of " Mr. Trump effective generals that we ’ve had in many , many decades . " 
 Iraq 