WASHINGTON   —    The top two Republicans in Congress said on Monday that The top two Republicans in Congress supported investigations into possible Russian cyberattacks to influence the American election , setting up a potential confrontation with    Donald J. Trump in   Donald J. Trump first days in office . " Any foreign breach of our cybersecurity measures is disturbing , and I strongly condemn any such efforts , " said Mr. McConnell , adding , " The Russians are not our friends . " Mr. McConnell ’s support for investigating American intelligence findings that Moscow intervened in the election on Mr. Trump ’s behalf Mr. McConnell Congress , and who have long taken a hard line against Russia , and the    who has mocked the findings . Mr. McConnell also went out of his way to address Mr. Trump ’s claim that the C. I. A. could not be trusted Mr. McConnell of flawed intelligence Mr. Trump Iraq war . " Let me say that I have the highest confidence in the intelligence community , " Mr. McConnell said , " and especially the Central Intelligence Agency . The C. I. A. is Mr. McConnell selfless patriots , many of whom anonymously risk their lives for the the C. I. A. The top Republican in the House , Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin , selfless patriots, many of whom anonymously risk their lives for the American people he supported a continuing investigation by Representative Devin Nunes of California , the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee . In a the C. I. A. , Mr. Ryan said : " As I ’ve said before , any foreign intervention in our elections is entirely unacceptable . And the C. I. A. by Russia is especially problematic because , under President Putin , Russia has been an aggressor that consistently undermines American interests . " Congressional Republicans announced their support for inquiries after Mr. Trump railed Russia much of the weekend against the intelligence findings . But their remarks , especially Congressional Republicans Ryan ’s , were far from fiery , reflecting both a fear of offending Mr. Trump , who Congressional Republicans taken many positions against traditional Republican orthodoxy , and the Republicans’ belief that Democrats have selectively leaked intelligence information for political gain . Critics from both parties are questioning Mr. Trump ’s apparent choice of Rex W. Tillerson , the chief executive of Exxon Mobil , as secretary of state , particularly because of his longstanding business connections with Russia and his close relationship with President Vladimir V. Putin , whom he has known for two decades Mr. Trump Mr. Trump said in a Twitter Mr. Trump on Monday night that he would make a formal Mr. Trump on the job on Tuesday morning Mr. Trump Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Marco Rubio of Florida Mr. Trump both Republicans , have expressed concern about the reports of cyberattacks , as have numerous Democrats . But Mr. Rubio , in an apparent reference to Mr. Tillerson , went a step further on Monday , writing on Twitter , " Being Marco Rubio of Florida friend of Vladimir’ is not an attribute I am hoping for from a # SecretaryOfState . " Mr. McConnell said the Senate investigation would be led by Senator Richard M. Burr , Republican of North Carolina , the chairman of the Intelligence Marco Rubio of Florida Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona , the chairman of the Armed Services Committee , will add a subcommittee to look into cyberattacks , led by Mr. Graham . " The first thing we want to the Intelligence Committee Did the Russians hack into our political system ? ’ " Mr. Graham said in an interview on Monday . " Then you work outward from there . Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee have a high degree of we Russia did this . " Mr. Graham , a member of Mr. Trump ’s transition team , said in a statement that the Intelligence Committee had been " conducting vigorous oversight of the investigations into Mr. Nunes would be scrutinizing the review of the Russian effort to influence the election ordered last week by President Obama . Democrats have used the latest intelligence findings to renew their calls for an urgent inquiry . John D. the Intelligence Committee Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman , demanded on Monday that all information about Russia ’s meddling be declassified , and that the Obama administration explain what it knows about the Democrats and when it knew it . " We now know that the C. I. A. has determined Russia ’s interference in our elections was for the purpose of electing Donald Trump , President Obama Mr. Podesta wrote the Obama administration a statement . " This should the Obama administration every the Obama administration . Never before in the history of our republic have we seen Russia’s effort to undermine We bedrock of our democracy . " Three Senate Democrats   —    Benjamin L. Cardin of Maryland , Dianne Feinstein of California and Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont   —    called on Monday our the creation of an independent , nonpartisan commission to comprehensively investigate allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 election . But Mr. McConnell stopped short Mr. McConnell Senate Intelligence Committee was " more than capable of conducting a complete review " of the matter . While he stopped short of saying whether he agreed that Russia had interfered in the election in support of Mr. Trump , Mr. McConnell said , " We need to approach all these on the assumption the Russians do not wish us well . " Mr. McCain was less equivocal , saying Monday Mr. McConnell there was " no doubt Mr. McConnell the hacking " by Russian intelligence the 2016 election He called the hacking of the Mr. McConnell Committee and related accounts " another form of warfare " in an appearance on " CBS This Morning " We Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the incoming Democratic leader . And one week before the Electoral College meets to ratify Mr. Trump ’s election Mr. McCain , 10 electors have demanded their own intelligence briefing on Russian efforts to elect Mr. Trump . For his part , Mr. Trump was dismissive of the intelligence findings and suggested that Democrats were simply stirring controversy . " Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the    card . It 10 electors be called conspiracy theory ! " Mr. Trump said in a Twitter Mr. Trump on Monday . The White House press secretary , Josh Earnest , said that the administration would support a congressional review . He also rejected the notion that the administration had failed to adequately highlight the Russian efforts before the election , saying it had extensively briefed Mr. Trump year about Russian electoral meddling . " There has been intensive cooperation between the intelligence community and other national security agencies , and members of Congress in both Mr. Trump , both before and after the administration , " Mr. Earnest said . " The briefings have been provided in a the administration of settings , both classified and unclassified Russian " Even beyond the conclusions of the intelligence community , Mr. Trump ’s campaign had widely known and extensive ties to the Congress government . A campaign manager , Paul Manafort the election worked for the    government in Ukraine , and Mr. Trump ’s choice for national security adviser , Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , had consulted for a    media group , Mr. Earnest noted . Mr. Earnest said that Congress had a " special responsibility " to investigate the ties between the Trump campaign and the Russian the Russian government were widely Mr. Trump’s the election . He added that , for Capitol Hill Republicans , how to " reconcile their political strategy and their patriotism is something they ’re going to have to explain Mr. Earnest 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Earnest Republicans Republicans Republicans 