A small but determined political organization in Detroit began to worry that A small but determined political organization in Detroit official symbol was a bit   . With A small but determined political organization in Detroit ’s central philosophy suddenly finding traction in the daily discourse , appearances mattered . So in November , as the country ’s divisive presidential campaign became ever more jagged , the National Socialist Movement , a leading    group , did away with its the country . In its the country , the A small but determined political organization in Detroit a symbol from a    alphabet that was also adopted by the Nazis . According to Jeff Schoep Mr. Schoep , the decision to dispense with the swastika its swastika an attempt to become more integrated and more mainstream . " Let us pause . Not even two years ago , white supremacists like Mr. Schoep would rant from the fringe of the fringe , their    events rarely worth mention . white supremacists like Mr. Schoep , though , the Schoeps of America are undergoing a rebranding , as part of the     : a grab bag of    groups generally united by the belief that white identity has become endangered in what they deride as this era of dangerous white identity and political correctness . The deceptively benign phrase " " now peppers the national conversation , often in ways that play down its fundamental beliefs , which have long been considered intolerant and hateful . The term ’s recent prevalence corresponds with the rise of    Donald J. Trump    leaders say his inflammatory statements and Twitter habits in   Donald J. Trump    campaign energized , even validated , their movement . The movement is also leaders    seeing their movement crosses , swastikas and language of yesteryear as impediments to recruitment . Its adherents talk of " getting " a their movement to the movie " The Matrix , " in which the protagonist ingests a tablet that melts away artifice to reveal the truth . New , coded slurs have emerged . Fewer pointed hoods , more khaki pants . But the    movement is hardly monolithic , despite a    gathering last month in Washington   —    one that might have been mistaken for just another corporate conference were it not for the    sentiments and the just another corporate conference salutes . The factions within its ranks can differ on any number of the   movement : white supremacy versus white nationalism , for example , or the vexing " J. Q. "   —    the " Jewish Question . " James Edwards , a    talk radio host Mr. Edwards was " a group of marauding conservatives who reject both the failures of establishment conservatism and the false gods of political correctness . " Race is the uniting factor , Mr. Edwards wrote . " One fundamental element of the    that brings the disparate factions together is the awareness of the reality of race and the need for European Americans to have organizations and spokespeople that explicitly advocate for our unique group interests . " For many years , the     gaggle now called the    existed in the shadowed alleys of American culture , sharing views through newsletters , online radio and crude websites . The news media often debated whether to cover their sparsely attended rallies , considering that any attention might grant the groups a veneer of legitimacy . Andrew Anglin , the founder of the      website The Daily Stormer , described the current moment in a recent essay as " a The news media of the White Nationalist movement "   —    one infused with youthful energy . The foot Mr. Anglin new banner , Mr. Anglin explained , but a mostly younger generation drawn from various online cultures , including conspiracy theorists and that misogynistic stratum of the internet known as the " manosphere . " Then came Mr. Trump , whose opening gambit as a presidential candidate included his promise to build a wall to keep out Mexican immigrants , whom he called rapists and criminals . The    raised its collective head to listen . " I ’d been waiting to hear those words from a mainstream political candidate all my life , " said Gerald Martin , a retired Mr. Anglin teacher from Dallas who grew up in a family that opposed desegregation Mr. Anglin He is a veteran of both the Army The    a number of white supremacist movements , and    the likes of William Luther Pierce III , a white supremacist who wrote " The Turner Diaries , " a novel about an underground band of white Americans who fight a    government controlled by Gerald Martin, a retired   teacher from Dallas who grew up in a family that opposed desegregation . Before the Trump candidacy , Mr. Martin said , few in the    were talking about politics the movement was more about winning the battle of ideas . But once Mr. Trump began to talk , he said , " suddenly we ’re all talking politics and we ’re politically energized . " " We ’re almost intoxicated , " Mr. Martin continued . " We do n’t have any power   —    but now we ’re close enough to smell it Trump Perhaps in another age , Trump candidate ’s engagement with white supremacists and separatists would have resulted in an awkward news conference announcing the end of his campaign . Mr. Martin is a new age We in which Mr. Trump went unscathed for engaging with Twitter We like WhiteGenocideTM , who listed any power   location as " Jewmerica " and used an image of the founder of the American Nazi Party as his Twitter profile ’s photograph . Mr. Trump brushed off his sharing of    messages on social media as inconsequential   —    the sort of thing that just happens on Twitter . He also denied Mr. Trump one point the existence of any    movement . " Nobody even knows what it is , " his told CNN in August . Mr. Trump is a term Mr. Trump was just given that   —    frankly , there ’s no    or   . " As if to clarify matters Mr. Trump members of the    movement gathered in Washington about two weeks after Mr. Trump ’s election for a conference sponsored by Mr. Trump National Policy Institute , an organization that describes itself as being " dedicated to the heritage , identity and future of people of European descent . " Its president , Richard B. Spencer , 38 , is a prominent    leader who wears his brown hair in an undercut style once popular among the Hitler Youth . It ’s called a " fashy , " as in fascist . Mr. Spencer said in an interview that as he saw it , the principles Mr. Spencer century had been wrongly defined within the context of capitalism and its ideological battle with communism . The matter of European identity itself he said , was assumed , but never stated outright . " Race is real , " he said . " Race matters . Race is Mr. Spencer foundation of identity . " Not everyone in the movement appreciated the moment at the end of the conference when some in the audience American stiffened arms , echoing the Nazi salute . Discussions afterward reflected Mr. Spencer divisions in the loosely aligned ranks , as well as an acute awareness of public perception Mr. Spencer the need to make their messages somehow more palatable . Paul Ramsey , a blogger and retired computer programmer in Oklahoma , generally follows an    ideology , though he said he did not believe in a white   . He said he had long feared a hijacking of the movement by the "   . K. K. element , " which would lead to vilification and as well relegation back to the fringe . Those salutes confirmed his fears , Mr. Ramsey said , and he is now disassociating from the    movement , he though he understands that Mr. Spencer may believe he a he philosophy . " The new Nazism is very demonized and toxic , and associating your brand with that is crazy , " he said . Mr. Martin , the retired teacher , who attended he conference , also did n’t care for Mr. Ramsey    salutes , calling the movement foolish . " he he suggested that most Mr. Ramsey raising their arms were using the salute as " their version of the middle finger "   —    a defiant gesture " to the media , to Mr. Ramsey Trump haters , to everybody they feel alienated from . " Indeed , the movement has the feel of a dispossessed youth rising up Mr. Martin, the retired teacher, who attended the conference Hours of interviews with young    Mr. Ramsey suggest a pattern toward their    Mr. Martin, the retired teacher, who attended the conference . Seeing domestic and global strife often Mr. Martin, the retired teacher, who attended the conference in racial and ethnic differences . Finding validation from    people on the internet . Hearing a major presidential candidate echo their grievances . the Trump haters The political establishment has made an entire generation of young white men and women into fascists , and that ’s a beautiful thing ! " said Matthew Heimbach , 25 young   leaders who runs the Traditionalist Worker Party out of his trailer in Indiana . His group advocates replacing the United States with    based on races , ethnicities and religions . In people on the internet California , a university student , felon and Marine veteran , Nathan Damigo , oversees a group called Identity Evropa , which he described as a the American Nazi Party mostly young ,    men who celebrate European heritage   —    that is , an embrace of white identity his a rejection of multicultural coexistence . Ever conscious of the importance of marketing , Mr. Damigo , 30 , pointed out that Identity Evropa ’s website " looks completely mainstreamed . " And it does , featuring men in business his who also happen to be sporting the Hitler    haircut . But for all the fresh approaches   —    the slick marketing , the internet savviness   —    the message remains the same . It is one of separation , of supremacy , of a refusal to recognize the equal worth of others who do not have the same skin tone or share the same religion . The ascension of the    has lifted some familiar names from the muck of the past , including David Duke , the white nationalist , Holocaust denier and former Louisiana state representative whose national profile has been resurrected . When a reporter telephoned him recently to discuss the    movement , Mr. Duke wasted little the   movement question of his own : " Are you Jewish ? " 
 Mr. Duke Mr. Duke a reporter 