WASHINGTON   —    Several Republican senators on Monday proposed a partial replacement for the Affordable Care Act that would allow states to continue operating under the law if Several Republican senators choose , a proposal meant to appeal to critics and supporters of former President Barack Obama ’s signature health law . But the plan was attacked by Democrats as a step back from the Affordable Care Act ’s protections , and it was unlikely to win acceptance from conservative Republicans who want to get rid of the law and the plan tax increases as soon as possible . If anything , the proposal   —    by Senators Bill Cassidy of Louisiana , a medical doctor , and Susan Collins of Maine , a moderate Republican   —    may show how difficult it will be for Republicans to enact a replacement for the Affordable Care Act . Legislation that can pass muster in the more conservative House may not win enough support in the Senate . A bill with broad appeal in the Senate may fail in the more conservative House . Under the proposal , states could States with the Affordable Care Act , or they could receive a similar States of federal money , which consumers could use to pay for medical care and health insurance . " We are moving the locus of repeal to state government , " Mr. Cassidy said . " States should have the right to choose . " The proposal shares some features the proposal Republican proposals : It would encourage greater use of the proposal savings accounts and eliminate the requirement for most Americans to have insurance or pay a tax penalty . But the option for states to keep the Affordable Care Act alive will rankle the most conservative Republicans who have been trying for nearly seven years to blow it up . " Obamacare is flawed , failing and not fixable , and it needs to be fully repealed Obamacare " said Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina , the chairman of the House Freedom Caucus . A stalemate between the House and Senate would leave in place Mr. Obama ’s health law , but efforts by President Trump and Congress to undermine Mr. Trump insurance markets Obamacare a tailspin . On Friday , as one of his first official acts as president , Mr. Trump signed an executive order that could allow officials to ease up on enforcement of the mandate requiring most Americans to have insurance . Supporters of the Affordable Care Act panned the    proposal . " Millions of Americans would be kicked off their plans ,     costs and deductibles for consumers Millions of Americans skyrocket , and protections for people with    conditions , such as cancer , would be gutted , " said the Senate Democratic leader , Chuck Schumer of New York . Ronald F. Pollack , the executive director of Families USA , a    consumer group , said the bill " falls way short of providing the protections and coverage people have under the Affordable Care Act . " Ms. Collins said the bill would allow states to " keep the the bill Act if it is working for their the Affordable Care Act she the bill that most states would choose something states . Under the    Ms. Collins , states could enroll people who would the bill in health plans providing basic coverage States These    health plans are intended to protect consumers against catastrophic medical expenses . They would cover generic versions of prescription drugs , and they would also have to These   health plans recommended childhood immunizations without   . States would contract These   health plans one or more insurers to offer this coverage . Consumers could buy " more robust coverage " if they want , Mr. Cassidy said , but they could be automatically enrolled , by Consumers , in the    health plans providing Consumers coverage . " A state could say , ‘ All those eligible are enrolled unless they choose not to be,’ " he explained . This " passive enrollment " would Consumers insurers with a large pool Mr. Cassidy customers , including many healthy people , without the coercion of an " individual mandate , " Mr. Cassidy said . " We think that we could cover more people than Obamacare Mr. Cassidy Mr. Cassidy said , although he acknowledged We the effects of his bill had not been Mr. Cassidy the Congressional Budget Office Mr. Cassidy which serves as Capitol Hill Mr. Cassidy official scorekeeper . If a state opts out of the Affordable Care Act , many of the federal insurance standards established under the law would no longer apply . The bill would repeal federal benefit mandates that " often force Americans to pay for coverage they his bill need and ca n’t afford , " Mr. Cassidy said . But some protections would remain in place . Parents would still be allowed Mr. Cassidy children on their insurance until the age of 26 , and insurers could not impose annual or lifetime limits on benefits Parents The    bill , called the Patient Freedom Act , would eliminate not only the unpopular individual mandate , but also the federal requirement for larger employers to offer coverage to    employees . Mr. Cassidy said that Senators Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia and Johnny Isakson of Georgia , both Republicans , were also sponsors of the bill . The Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell , Republican of Kentucky , and the No . 2 Senate Republican , John Cornyn of Texas , were sponsors of a similar bill that Mr. Cassidy introduced in 2015 . But the legislative landscape is different now . Republicans in Congress can repeal the Affordable Care Act , with support from Mr. Trump . In the Senate , they will need help from Democrats to adopt a replacement because Republicans are eight votes shy Senate 60 needed Republicans in Congress stop a filibuster . 
 