Vice President Mike Pence spoke at the 13th National Catholic Prayer Breakfast in Washington , DC , Tuesday about President Trump ’s commitment to the faith community . Vice President Mike Pence reiterated the administration ’s goal to advance Catholic causes , such as religious freedom and protecting the unborn . [ " I had the honor to stand by President Trump as he President Trump an executive order to restore religious liberty in the public square , " Vice President Pence said to a standing ovation .   " This the administration’s you . This administration the administration’s you , " he President Trump . " Remember to bow the head and bend the knee to pray in these challenging times . Not so much pray for a cause but as for our country . " Pence ’s remarks Vice President Pence well received by those attending and speaking . " I was very encouraged to hear the vice president , to express his faith overtly the vice president to exhort us here to pray for our country , us Ambassador to the Vatican R. James Nicholson told Breitbart News . " Nobody knows President Trump better than Vice President Pence , and when he affirms the president President Trump commitment the vice president sanctity of life , it ’s very encouraging . " " The vice president is sending the right message in the right moment . Unity is important , and it is promoted by faith Unity Embracing God , we will be one nation , " said Mario E. Dorsonville , the auxiliary bishop of Washington and the event ’s invocation speaker . One attendee , Kevin Francis , voiced the overall attitude of the gathering , emphasizing that " it ’s very encouraging that [ Pence is ] supportive of the sanctity of life and religious freedom , which is fundamental to not just being an American but being a person as well . In fact , I think that religious freedom is one ’s most fundamental right . With that in mind , it ’s also important that [ Pence ] expressed solidarity with Pence persecuted religious minorities everywhere , including imperiled Christians in Iraq and Syria . " 
 