MONESSEN , Pa.   —    Donald J. Trump vowed on Tuesday to rip up international trade deals and start an unrelenting offensive against Chinese economic practices , framing Donald J. Trump contest with Hillary Clinton as a choice between    nationalism and the policies of " a leadership class that worships globalism . " Speaking in western Pennsylvania , Donald J. Trump sought to turn the page on weeks of campaign turmoil by returning to a core set of economic grievances that have animated his Donald J. Trump from the start . He Donald J. Trump to withdraw from the North American Free Trade Agreement and pledged to label China a currency manipulator and impose punitive tariffs on Chinese goods . He Donald J. Trump Mrs. Clinton on her Mrs. Clinton support for the    Partnership , a trade pact negotiated by the Obama administration , and challenged her Mrs. Clinton pledge that she Mrs. Clinton void the agreement in its the Obama administration . Noting that Mrs. Mrs. Clinton backed    agreements like Nafta in the past , Mr. Trump warned , " She will Mrs. Clinton you again . " At a rally later in the day in eastern Ohio , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump    Partnership in more provocative terms , saying it was a " rape of our country . " As a policy manifesto , Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump an attack on the economic orthodoxy that has dominated the Republican Party since World War II . It is an article of faith among establishment Republicans and allied groups like the U. S. Chamber of Commerce , which represents the interests of large corporations , that trade is good and more trade is better . Mr. Trump , by contrast , has made blistering attacks on trade his primary economic theme . Mr. Trump his address he rejected the Mr. Trump view Mr. Trump countries benefit by importing goods , arguing that globalization helped " the financial elite , " while leaving " millions of our workers with nothing but poverty and heartache . " It is a critique that has been leveled for years , mainly by a small group of liberal economists who have gained little traction even on the Democratic side . On Tuesday , Mr. Trump not only embraced their views , but also cited the work of the liberal Economic Policy Institute by name . Mr. Trump , as president Mr. Trump have significant authority to raise trade barriers , and his speech Tuesday included his most Mr. Trump Tuesday to date Mr. Trump his plans to do so , Mr. Trump that he would pull the United States Mr. Trump Nafta if Mexico and Canada did not agree to renegotiate it . But it is far from clear that any president has the power to reverse globalization . Under existing law , Mr. Trump could impose tariffs only Mr. Trump imports . The most likely effect would be to shift production to other    nations . Mr. Trump ’s address opened his first Mr. Trump of the general election Mr. Trump . After he muddled around the political map since his Mr. Trump Republican rivals withdrew , and veered Mr. Trump from the campaign last week for a trip to Scotland , Mr. Trump ’s tour this week through Pennsylvania Mr. Trump was the start of a concerted effort to carve a path to 270 electoral votes on daunting political terrain . The language and location of Mr. Trump ’s speech encapsulated his aspirational strategy for Mr. Trump : His greatest source Mr. Trump support has been white    men , Mr. Trump his campaign hopes to compete in traditionally    states , like Mr. Trump and Michigan , to offset his deep unpopularity with Hispanic voters and women , which may Mr. Trump swing states like Florida and Colorado out of reach . Mr. Trump delivered his address at a steel plant in the heart of coal Mr. Trump , on a stage flanked by blocks of compressed steel wiring , aluminum cans and other metals . And for the second time in two weeks , he spoke carefully from a script . Aides to Mr. Trump Mr. Trump who has faced criticism throughout the race for factual exaggerations and outright falsehoods , circulated a copy of the speech with 128 footnotes documenting its claims . Still , Mr. Trump could not resist the the speech    line to skewer Mr. Trump or boast of his own achievements . He said , for example , that he Mr. Trump forced her to Mr. Trump the term " radical Islamic terrorism Mr. Trump " And Mrs. Clinton took credit for pressuring Mrs. Clinton to oppose the    Partnership Mr. Trump deal , though at Mrs. Clinton she faced far greater pressure from a primary challenge on the left , Mrs. Clinton Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont . Mr. Trump ’s speech drew rebukes from two sides : The Clinton campaign attacked his credibility as a critic of free trade , and deployed Senator Sherrod Mr. Trump’s of Ohio , a populist Democrat who is viewed as Mr. Brown experience profiting Mr. Trump’s , Trump ’s the perfect expert to talk Mr. Trump’s outsourcing , " Mr. Brown said , reciting Mr. Trump’s list of Trump products , from suits to picture frames , that he said were made in other Mr. Trump’s . " We know just in my state alone Mr. Trump’s Donald Trump could have gone to make these things , " he added . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s a cold response from traditionally    interests for his heated Mr. Trump’s on international Mr. Trump’s . The U. S. Chamber of Commerce , which spends millions Mr. Trump’s dollars in federal elections , almost entirely in support of Republican candidates , criticized Mr. Trump ’s speech on Twitter and claimed that his policies would hurt the economy . " Even Mr. Trump’s , Trump ’s tariffs would strip us of Mr. Trump’s least 3 . 5 million jobs , " the group wrote in Mr. Trump’s message . For Mr. Trump , who has shifted and doubled back on    policy pronouncements , trade has been a rare area of consistency in the 2016 race . At nearly every campaign rally , Mr. Trump has knocked trade deals with China as unfair to the American worker so frequently as to    his percussive Mr. Trump’s China a hallmark of impersonators . Mr. Trump appeared in his speech to    criticism from economists and Mr. Trump’s groups that have argued his policy proposals would lead Mr. Trump’s damaging trade war Mr. Trump’s China and perhaps other countries . " We already China a trade Mr. Trump’s , " Mr. Trump told the crowd , departing from his prepared remarks . " And we ’re losing , badly . " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s has struggled for months China win support Mr. Trump’s the conservative business China , also attended a    in West Virginia on Tuesday hosted by a coal executive , Robert E. Murray . It China to be seen if Mr. Trump will stick closely to the    message he delivered in Pennsylvania . At an evening rally in eastern Ohio , he returned Mr. Trump’s familiar set of    themes , calling for Mr. Trump’s wall on the Mexican border and reiterating his vow to waterboard Islamic Mr. Trump’s terrorists . But to win that state in November , Mr. Trump hopes to outflank Mrs. Clinton with economically Mr. Trump’s voters who may have voted Democratic in the past , and trade remains an issue Mr. Trump’s up voters across party lines . In a nod to potential crossover voters , Mr. Trump at one point on Tuesday quoted Mr. Sanders by name in criticizing Mrs. Clinton . Though he dwelled at greatest length in Pennsylvania on Mr. Trump’s described as the damaging economic consequences of globalization , Mr. Trump also laced his remarks with broader nationalist language , arguing Mr. Trump United States would Mr. Trump its sovereignty and national pride by the United States Mrs. Clinton world . the United States Mr. Sanders get the expansion . We get the joblessness Mr. Sanders " Mr. Trump said of trade deals with foreign countries . " That ’s the way Mr. Trump   —    not going to happen anymore . " 
 the United States would lose its sovereignty and national pride by negotiating too freely with the world 