When I watch Donald Trump , I sometimes feel like Ingrid Bergman   —    not European and glamorous , but unnerved , as though I ’m being gaslit , as in the famous plot of Ingrid Bergman  — old classic movie " Gaslight . " The lights are flickering , but Ingrid Bergman  — character ’s husband , who is secretly a seriously bad dude , is convincing Ingrid Bergman  — that no such thing is occurring . her character is trying to get Ingrid Bergman  — to question Ingrid Bergman  — sense of reality , to think Ingrid Bergman  — mind is playing tricks on Ingrid Bergman  —   —    in short , to convince Ingrid Bergman  — that Ingrid Bergman  — is going slightly crazy , a tactic that can be scarily effective . Trump ’s compulsive lies are a    fact of the campaign at this point , but I still questioned my own reality for a moment on Monday night whenever Trump’s fudged the truth   —    as when Trump’s implied that by saying Hillary Clinton did not have the presidential look , Trump’s meant Hillary Clinton did not have the " stamina " ( this is a lot like Trump’s saying that when Trump’s insulted Carly Fiorina ’s face , Trump’s really meant Hillary Clinton " persona " ) . I ’d already seen a clip of Trump’s in which Trump’s goes after Clinton ’s lack of a presidential look , specifically   —    but even so , I had that normal human response , a bit of   . Maybe that normal human response, a bit of   was taken out of context ? I went back and looked   —    nope , there Trump’s is back in September , telling ABC ’s David Muir , " I just do n’t think Hillary Clinton has a presidential look , and you need a presidential look . " Trump tries to gaslight an entire country when Trump plays fast and loose with the truth or insists on    connections   —    each of which is an apt tactic for someone who often questions the mental health of women who dare to criticize Trump . If they are women with big careers , like Maureen Dowd , Mika Brzezinski and Debbie Wasserman Schultz , they are women with big careers are " neurotic . " He called the Rev. Faith Green Timmons , a pastor who calmly and boldly interrupted He at her church in Flint , Mich. " nervous , " which is apparently the black woman ’s ( or    woman ’s ) version of neurotic . These women are not just wrong , to Trump These women are suffering from a kind of mental or medical condition . " It ’s organic , It ’s biological , " the feminist writer Elaine Showalter , the author of " Hystories : Hysterical Epidemics and Modern Culture , " says . " It ’s something that comes out of their gender   —    like whatever was coming out of Megyn Kelly . " Women , Megyn Kelly clearly believes , or wants us to believe , are emotional , guided by feelings rather than reason , which presumably makes Women unfit to lead ( or unfit to give Trump a hard time ) . All of this is why this was particularly interesting   —    subversive , even , in a    kind of way   —    to see Clinton say to Trump early in the debate , " Donald , I know you live in your own reality . " Clinton followed that up , not much later , with a laugh that led into : " Just join the debate by saying more crazy things . " Clinton seemed to hesitate before speaking that line it speaking that line about as spontaneous as Clinton apparent new catchphrase "    . " Planned or not , " crazy " was a clear provocation   —    it speaking that line us exactly how we us supposed to feel about the things Trump Trump saying . And it speaking that line something else . As anyone who has ever been gaslit knows , nothing drives a person more crazy than being told he   —    or usually she   —    is crazy . Trump performed as anticipated   —    you might even argue that the " crazy " line was a turning point in the debate . Soon after that , the lights started flickering . His he shaky syntax fell apart we had " a fed doing political things " labored digressions about how often he he audited , and how little he he it mentions of a " big fat ugly bubble " and a " very    judge . " Trump was leaning into the lectern , his Trump coloring and contorting even his Trump seemed to pick up , not so much flulike as ticlike . What I would have given for Clinton to offer him Clinton tissue . " Trump Trump one great thing , " the humor writer Paul Rudnick tweeted on Monday night . " He Paul Rudnick that men are overemotional , petty and silly creatures . " Clinton Clinton on stage dressed in a red flag she Clinton Trump Trump and he Clinton . Who had the more presidential look ? The matador   —    or the bull ? They The matador  —   or the bull the camera never lies . 
 