WASHINGTON   —    Struggling to respond to Donald J. Trump ’s victory , a group of shellshocked Democrats moved swiftly to endorse Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota for chairman of the Democratic National Committee , hoping that Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota would be a fresh face for a party with a depleted bench . But after steadily adding endorsements from leading Democrats in Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota bid to take over a party with a depleted bench , Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota is encountering resistance from a formidable corner : the White House . In a sign of the discord gripping the party a party with a depleted bench Obama ’s loyalists , uneasy with the progressive Mr. Ellison , have begun casting about for an alternative , according to multiple Democratic officials close to the president . President Obama pits the titans of the Democratic Party against one another , with Mr. Obama ’s camp President Obama figures like Chuck Schumer , the new Senate Democratic leader , and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts . Mr. Obama ’s advisers , some President Obama discussed the party leadership race at a White House meeting last week , have talked about whether Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez and former Mr. Perez post . Mr. Perez met with Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. last week and had lunch Tuesday in last week House Mess with Valerie Jarrett , Mr. Obama ’s senior adviser , while also visiting with David Simas , Mr. Obama ’s political director . Some in Mr. Obama ’s circle were even holding out hope that Mr. Mr. Obama’s be persuaded to step into the chairmanship Mr. Obama’s force for a party reeling Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. presidency and making scant gains in the House and Senate . But Mr. Biden ’s office said Tuesday that he was " not interested in being D. N. C. chair , " though Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. " remain deeply involved in helping Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. the direction of the Democratic Party moving forward . " The tumultuous tenure Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz , who was forced out as party leader in July , convinced a wide range of Democrats that whoever takes over the committee must make it their sole focus . " There ’s too much at stake for us not to have somebody working in a    capacity , " said Michael the committee the committee a New York assemblyman and veteran of both of Mr. Obama ’s campaigns , who is considering a D. N. C. vice chairmanship . " This has to be your priority . " But there are other reasons for the discomfort with Mr. Ellison that illustrate lingering divisions after a bruising presidential primary fight and a general election in which Hillary Clinton suffered deep losses among    whites and could not match Mr. Obama ’s support among young and nonwhite voters . Some Democrats , in Mr. Obama ’s orbit and beyond , say that elevating Mr. Ellison would Mr. Obama’s the party to Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , Mrs. Clinton ’s primary Mr. Obama’s , and his liberal followers . Mr. Ellison was Mr. Ellison backer of Mr. Sanders ’s presidential campaign , and Mr. Sanders has been rallying support for Mr. Ellison ’s D. N. C. Mrs. Clinton . Already a Mr. Ellison among Democrats , he ignited new controversy this week by saying the party Mr. Sanders’s " go beyond identity politics . " " It ’s not good enough for someone to say : ‘ I ’m Mr. Sanders’s woman ! Vote for me ! ’ " Mr. Sanders told students in Boston on Sunday , a comment widely seen as a criticism of Mrs. Clinton . " No , that ’s not good enough . Mr. Sanders’s we need is a woman who has the guts to stand up to Wall Street , to the insurance companies , to the drug companies , to the fossil fuel industry . " This call for an    brand of liberalism is what galvanized so many of his supporters , but his blunt language also served to remind some Democrats of the divisive primary race . There is little appetite for a replay of that fight in the D. N. an   brand of liberalism race , which an   brand of liberalism be decided by members of the committee when they gather in February for their winter meeting . Some top Democrats had hoped to    a contest by backing Mr. Ellison ’s bid . Mr. Schumer , Ms. Warren and an array members of the committee House members and unions members of the committee lining up behind him even before he formally entered the race . But along with his inability to do the job full time and his links to Mr. Sanders , Mr. Ellison ’s past criticism of Mr. Obama and him for Louis Farrakhan , the Nation of Islam him , worry some Democrats looking for a figure him lead the opposition to Mr. him Mr. Ellison , a Muslim , defended Mr. Farrakhan in the 1990s , saying he was " not an " and has positioned himself on the left flank of congressional Democrats on Israel . Jonathan Greenblatt , the head of the    League , called Mr. Ellison " Mr. Farrakhan important ally in the fight against   " Mr. Farrakhan said he had taken positions on the    conflict " on which we strongly differ and that concern us . " " We hope that all candidates for this post will make clear where they Mr. Farrakhan on these issues , and that the Democratic National Committee will make a choice that affirms we longstanding bipartisan consensus we a strong U. S.   relationship , " he said . all candidates for this post to Mr. Ellison were going to make him available for a telephone interview , but then declined when informed that he would be asked about his past comments on Mr. Mr. Farrakhan . They emailed a list of his links to the Mr. Ellison community and a statement that said , " Democrats need an organizer Mr. Ellison will energize the    Mr. Ellison this country to build the party from the bottom up . Mr. Farrakhan A handful of state Democratic leaders have entered or are considering entering the race , and Howard Dean , the former Vermont governor and D. N. C. chairman , has also expressed interest . But it is Mr. Perez , a son of Dominican immigrants , whom many prominent Democrats would like to see enter the race , and who appears most willing to consider it . The A. F. L. . I. O. has been considering an endorsement of Mr. Ellison but delayed its decision , in part the race labor has a good relationship with Mr. Perez . the race Perez called Richard L. Trumka , the president of the A. F. L. . I. O. to tell I. O. he was seriously considering a run and to ask him to hold off on an Mr. Perez according to three Democratic officials familiar with the The A. F. L. . to comment on the I. O. said the administration was Mr. Perez Mr. Perez But many in the president ’s sphere think Mr. Perez of Mr. Perez and Ms. Granholm . " He ’s very connected to the experience of everyday    people , and he has a connection to immigrant communities , as well , " David Axelrod , Mr. Obama Mr. Obama strategist , said of Mr. Perez , who is also mulling a run Mr. Perez and Ms. Granholm governor in Maryland in 2018 . " He comes to this with Mr. Perez and Ms. Granholm lot of assets if he were to step forward . " Mr. Perez and Mr. Obama who both declined to discuss whether they intended to run , were early supporters of Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign , which could turn the Mr. Perez and Ms. Granholm N. C. race into the     proxy war some Mr. Perez and Ms. Granholm want to avoid . 
 both 