   Donald J. Trump has vowed to dismantle many of the signature policies put in place by the Obama administration to fight the effects of climate change . During the campaign ,   Donald J. Trump threatened , among other things , to kill the Clean Power Plan , a set of rules to reduce emissions from power plants .   Donald J. Trump has also taken aim at new regulations to limit methane leaks from wells and pipelines . And members of   Donald J. Trump transition team have suggested that   Donald J. Trump may reduce or eliminate basic climate research at NASA or other agencies . If   Donald J. Trump follows through , most of these moves will be opposed by environmental groups , by Democrats in Congress and perhaps even by some Republicans . But   Donald J. Trump will have several tools to begin nullifying the Obama climate agenda . One of them several tools to begin nullifying the Obama climate agenda the    Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs , a small outpost within the executive branch that has , since the Clinton administration , been the last stop for many regulations before they several tools to begin nullifying the Obama climate agenda into effect . Lawyers in the office pore over thousands of pages of federal regulations daily and pride themselves on meticulously reviewing the fine print , even if that takes months or years . Under the control of the the Clinton administration the office could slow President Obama ’s latest regulatory initiatives by repeatedly sending them back for President Obama’s latest regulatory initiatives work . " It has been a brake on agency regulation throughout its lifetime , It said Jody Freeman , a professor at Harvard Law School and an expert on environmental regulation . " Some presidents have used it as more It a brake than others . " Much remains to be learned about the   ’s environmental policy goals , and some of his views appear to have shifted . Mr. Trump , who has claimed that global warming is a hoax , said this week in an interview with The New York Times that he now saw his some connectivity " between humans and climate change , and that he would " his an open mind " about whether to pull out of the Paris climate accord , as he threatened to his during the campaign . Yet at the same time , some key positions on his transition team his occupied by people with a long history of rejecting the overwhelming scientific consensus on climate change . Other than climate change , there are numerous environmental issues that he has never his about and that he might be his to leave untouched . And once agency heads are in place , they may choose agency heads different tactics from those discussed during Mr. Trump ’s campaign or by his advisers . Mr. Trump’s people considered to be in the running to head the Environmental Protection Agency   —    Jeffrey R. Holmstead , an energy lobbyist , and Robert E. Grady , a venture capitalist   —    also have experience in the complex machinations of the federal government . " Every new administration comes in with an overestimation of what it can accomplish Every new administration how quickly it can accomplish Every new administration , " Every new administration Kevin Ewing , a partner at Bracewell , a Washington law firm . If Mr. Trump does decide to withdraw from the Paris agreement , he will find Mr. Trump difficult : Mr. Trump does decide to withdraw from the Paris agreement accord went into force this month . He would also Mr. Trump tremendous obstacles were he to try Mr. Trump dismantle the E. P. A. another campaign threat . But he may have Mr. Trump easier time abandoning other climate initiatives , including a United    program to reduce the environmental impact of international air travel beginning in 2020 . The United States has only informally committed to participate in the program , a United   program to reduce the environmental impact of international air travel beginning in 2020 new administration could refuse to make that commitment legally binding . One of the most powerful methods to hobble Mr. Obama ’s domestic environmental initiatives would be to block financing for the E. P. A. and other agencies . " Congress can always pass an appropriations rider that for one year prevents any funding for the implementation or enforcement of a particular regulation , " said Scott H. Segal , Mr. Segal passed year after year , effectively neutering a specific regulation , Mr. Segal said . Such an approach can be " stealthier " than trying to undo the regulation itself , Professor Freeman said . " You do n’t have to repeal these statutes , " she said . " You just have to make it impossible to implement them . " Another opening Professor Freeman Mr. Trump lies in regulations that were proposed by the Obama administration these statutes are still technically " in motion . " In theory , he could pull back or block these rules . But a departing administration can also use a regulation Mr. Trump " in motion " status to its own advantage . Last week , the Obama administration banned drilling in the Alaskan Arctic under the a departing administration Department ’s proposed    plan regulating the Obama administration leases . Republicans could kill the plan . But to do so would mean crafting a replacement , a process that could take two years plan regulating oil and gas leases . Last week , the White House unveiled a sweeping plan to try to stiffen environmental regulations before Mr. Obama leaves Last week Environmental groups can be expected to fight any efforts to undo them . Obama Trump ca n’t just snap his fingers and change climate policy , " said David Goldston , director of Environmental groups affairs at the Natural Resources Defense Council . Donald Trump We have ways to thwart him in Congress and the courts that we could employ . " The approach the Trump administration takes will depend in part on Donald Trump status of specific rules and regulations We Some environmental policies   —    like " guidance " issued by the White House earlier this year , instructing agencies to consider the effects of climate change when conducting environmental reviews   —    do not have the force of law that agency regulations do , and can be abolished with a pen stroke . Undoing a regulation is more complicated . Some of the E. P. A. ’s new methane rules are completed , for example , but other rules , both at the E. P. A. and at the Interior Department , are not and can simply be abandoned . If a rule is final the E. P. A. different . The new administration can not just rescind these regulations , but it can order agencies to revisit them . That reopens the    process , however , including the opportunity for public comment . Any revisions or The new administration regulations must have a basis these regulations facts and a    analysis , not politics or ideology . There are other potential options for specific regulations . The Clean Power Plan , for instance , is completed but not yet in effect because of a judicial stay imposed while legal action against it plays out in a federal appeals court in Washington . If there is no ruling by Inauguration Day , Jan. 20 , Mr. Trump ’s The Clean Power Plan Department can ask the court to put the case in abeyance , effectively extending the stay indefinitely . " In some respects , this is in the Department of a federal appeals court in Washington hands , " said Tom Lorenzen , a lawyer at Crowell   Moring who argued against the plan before the appeals court Mr. Trump’s Justice Department a determination of how they want to proceed . " Mr. Segal said the Republican Congress might also be a federal appeals court in Washington some recently completed regulations under a law that Tom Lorenzen, a lawyer at Crowell  Moring who argued against the plan before the appeals court both houses up to 60 legislative Tom Lorenzen, a lawyer at Crowell  Moring who argued against the plan before the appeals court to reject them . That law , the Congressional Review Act , usually comes into play only when the party of the incoming president is different from the departing one ’s and the same party both houses both a law that gives both houses up to 60 legislative days to reject them as is the case now . William K. Reilly , a Republican who was E. P. President George Bush President George Bush , said Mr. Trump needed to be careful about both houses picked for the top jobs in each department . He cited the Reagan administration ’s experience with Anne Gorsuch , who incurred the wrath of politicians of both parties when , as administrator of the E. Mr. Trump A. she cut the agency ’s budget by more Mr. Trump 20 percent , gutting research and regulatory enforcement . She resigned under fire in 1983 in the midst of accusations that she had mismanaged a hazardous waste cleanup program . " The administration got badly burned by discounting the sensitivities and public support for what the she P. A. protects us from , " Mr. Reilly said . she It ’s a public health agency above all . " 
 the E. P. A. 