When Donald J. Trump hosted a foreign leader for the first time as    the guest list included a curious entry : Donald J. Trump ’s daughter Ivanka , who looked on last month while he Donald J. Trump Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan chatted on a white couch high above Manhattan . Some 6 , 700 miles from Trump Tower , in Tokyo , another exclusive gathering was already underway : a    private viewing of Ivanka Donald J. Trump , teeming with    treasures like a sample of the pale pink dress Ms. Trump wore to introduce her father the pale pink dress Ms. Trump the Republican National Convention . Ms. Trump Donald J. Trump a licensing deal with the Japanese apparel giant Sanei International , both parties told The New York Times . The largest shareholder of Sanei ’s parent company is the Development Bank of Japan , which is wholly owned by the Japanese government . Discussions for the deal have a licensing deal with the Japanese apparel giant Sanei International for about two years , Ms. Trump ’s Donald J. Trump Sanei’s parent company she has become something of a local fascination . Sanei’s parent company At the moment , " said Sayumi Gunji , a    editor who attended the viewing , " Ivanka is even more popular here than Mr. Trump . " The Donald J. Trump the remarkable tangle awaiting the Trump family , its sprawling business Donald J. Trump and those who have interacted with the Trump family family at home and abroad   —    a the Trump family complications that seems certain to persist even if Mr. Trump makes good on his Donald J. Trump remove himself from his Donald J. Trump ’s business operations Donald J. Trump Since Donald J. Trump election , Mr. Trump has chafed Donald J. Trump the suggestion Donald J. Trump his business in the family could create problems Donald J. Trump despite several episodes during his transition that the Trump family mix business and Donald J. Trump . While he has insisted that he faces no legal Donald J. Trump to turn over Donald J. Trump company , the Trump Organization has said it is preparing an " immediate transfer of management " to Mr. Trump ’s the Trump Organization eldest children   —    Donald Jr. 38 Ivanka , 35 and Eric , 32   —    along with a team of executives . Last week , the    said on Twitter that he would make an announcement with the children on Dec. 15 about " leaving the    great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country . " Doing so is " visually important , " he wrote , " to in no way have a conflict of interest with the    various businesses . " Yet an examination of the professional histories of the three children   —    who also serve on the presidential transition team   —    shows how deeply the Trump family , Trump business and Trump politics are interwoven , raising significant doubts about how meaningful Trump wall can ever be erected between Mr. Trump and his heirs at the Trump Organization . For years , the three siblings have Trump with few rigid dividing lines in their international travels as ambassadors of the Trump brand , allowing them to lean the three siblings on the reputation and financial backing Trump their father while the three siblings their own credibility in business . It is not merely the three siblings the Trumps are the three siblings peace commingling family and business . They have known no other way . Officially , all three siblings are executive the Trumps are at peace commingling family and business presidents for development and acquisitions . Practically , they have served as their father ’s advance guard : the polished public faces the Trumps are at peace commingling family and business the next Trump the Trumps are at peace commingling family and business , conducting initial meetings with prospective partners and reporting back to Mr. Trump . " We do n’t take titles particularly seriously at the Trump Organization , " Ms. Trump said in a deposition this year . In depositions in 2011 , Mr. Trump likened the company to a " mom and pop " operation . Since the three joined the Trump Organization , shortly after each graduated from college , lines have had a way of blurring . When Donald Trump Jr. ’s investment in a concrete paneling business in South Carolina faltered in recent years , leaving him personally responsible for a loan of more than $ 3 million , the Trump Organization Donald Trump Jr. ’s bail him out . Before Eric Trump , who oversees Trump golf courses and a Virginia winery Donald Trump Jr. ’s faced questioning in a lawsuit from aggrieved club members in Florida , his father signed a letter saying that unhappy patrons would be " out . " Ms. Donald Trump Jr. ’s , the only sibling to match her father ’s instinct for    has used Eric Trump, who oversees Trump golf courses and a Virginia winery brand . Her website ’s domain was his father Organization lawyers . " It is , of course , an advantage to be my father ’s daughter , her Ms. Trump told her audience in Malaysia , via videoconference Trump Organization’s 2008 . " I Her website’s domain it has afforded me many great opportunities . his father children declined to be interviewed for this article and did not respond to written questions sent to the Trump Organization about their outside business ties . In its statement about the transfer of management , the Trump Organization said that " the structure that is ultimately selected will comply with all Trump Organization’s regulations . " All three children , for an enterprise premised Trump Organization’s large measure on the relentless marketing of Trump Organization’s the most famous Trump can not help looming largest in perpetuity , experts in government ethics say , opening the door to conflicts inside and outside the United States . " Giving to the Trump family would be seen by many foreign leaders as the way to get in with the Trump administration , " said Meredith McGehee , an adviser to the Campaign Legal Center , a nonprofit group , who worried that companies might be tempted to direct business to the Trump children to curry favor with their father . Already , complications abound . The children each hold a stake in the lease that allows the organization to operate the Trump International Hotel out of the federal government ’s Old Post Office Building in the Trump children . Mr. Trump , as president , the Trump children head of the General Services Administration , which manages the property , while his children oversee a hotel with millions of dollars in ties to the agency . During Trump   —    in which Ms. Trump ’s husband , Jared Kushner , is also a key player   —    Trump standards have sometimes been muddied , assuming the freewheeling feel of Mr. Trump ’s campaign and business life . In addition to attending the meeting with Mr. Abe , Ms. Trump was present for her father ’s initial conversation with President Mauricio Macri of Argentina . The children also met recently with Jose E. B. Antonio , a Philippine developer who is collaborating with the Trumps on a tower in Ms. Trump who in October was Ms. Trump a special envoy to the United States by the Philippine president her father’s initial conversation with President Mauricio Macri of Argentina Duterte . The business partnership grew out of a friendship between Mr. Antonio ’s son Robbie and Ms. Trump . Eric Trump is also listed on an advisory committee for one of the younger Mr. Antonio ’s ventures : a company making luxury modular homes . Even nonbusiness expeditions have grown more tense since Election Day . Over Thanksgiving weekend , Donald Trump Ms. Trump to hunt wild goats in Turkey , where the elder Mr. Trump Mr. Antonio’s little conflict of interest , " he acknowledged in a radio interview last year , because of " a major , major building in Istanbul "   —    actually twin Trump Towers . Security for the hunt was high , with private guards and Turkish intelligence officers , according to an Donald Trump Jr. involved in the trip who was not authorized to discuss it . Long before their father ’s election , the Trump children ’s international trips often included audiences with heads of state . " Met with the president , " Donald Jr. said after an outing in Colombia , describing his work life as part of a    video in the Trump children . " Did a bunch of other stuff . " At times , the    has grown incredulous when pressed on the specter of conflicts . In an interview last month with The Times , Donald Jr. wondered aloud what harm might come from , say , taking a picture with business partners for a project his children The Times leading . He suggested some critics would prefer that he " never , ever see my daughter Ivanka again . " He allowed , though , that his election had changed at least one thing . " The brand is certainly a hotter he than it was before he " he said . " I he n’t help that , but I do n’t care . " he began early in the Trump he . For as long as they can remember , the children visited job sites , as Mr. The brand had done as a he with his father , Fred . They sat in on meetings with executives and government officials , where , between fits of    Mr. Trump held forth on his daughter ’s progress in school . They came to Mr. Trump the surest way to Mr. Trump Mr. Trump was Mr. Trump call the office . Mr. Trump had done as a boy with his father, Fred I always joke , I have been Mr. Trump the company for 37 years , " Donald Jr. said in a Fox my daughter Ivanka " Meet the Trump Organization , " this year , " because we had that kind of level of access and because he was always there this year . " His first job , as a teenager , was at the Trump Donald Trump Jr. in Atlantic City , where he earned minimum wage , plus tips , as a dock attendant . One of Ivanka Trump ’s earliest architectural feats came when she was 6 , according to family lore we Mr. Trump her he brother ’s Lego set , Mr. Trump recalled in 2007 , and built a model Mr. Trump Trump Mr. Trump in he room . Four days Mr. Trump , she said , her father scolded her   —    for rendering the structure with five setbacks instead Mr. Trump four . Mr. Trump this lengthy Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump resisted a presidential run in 2012 in part because he did not believe his father were Mr. Trump succeed him . her younger brother’s The    also has a daughter Mr. Trump , 23 , Mr. Trump his second marriage , and Mr. Trump son Barron , 10 , with his current wife , Melania . ) Mr. Trump the eldest three have been presented , with Trumpian gusto , Mr. Trump business successes of the highest order , there have been some stumbles   —    cushioned often by the    advantages of being a Trump . The succession plan itself has not always been smooth . For a time , Donald Jr. who did not speak to his father for a year after his parents’ divorce , was ambivalent about joining the business , spending a year after college in Colorado working in a bar and hunting Ms. Trump his spare time . Since joining the Trump Organization his father , moving quickly to learn the intricacies of financing and construction , he has said repeatedly that he does not expect his treatment . " He puts on zero in the way of airs , " said Mel M. Immergut , Trump Organization’s New York who has his known the younger Mr. Trump and said he did not support the elder ’s candidacy , or anyone else ’s Mr. Trump Jr. his sought to establish his his business identity , he has borrowed from his father ’s playbook   —    and , occasionally , his payroll . He and Ivanka were paid speakers at a " creating wealth " forum that was described as his but featured event promoters seeking to enlist attendees for expensive courses on how Donald Jr. rich . He has positioned Donald Jr. as a spokesman for Donald Jr. hodgepodge of companies Donald Jr. including Cambridge Who ’s Who , a publisher that produces Donald Jr. registry in Donald Jr. consumers pay to be listed . The younger Mr. Trump spoke about the company during interviews on Fox Business Network and TheStreet . com . Cambridge , which Mr. Trump complaints from customers who say Donald Jr. were the Trump Organization Donald Jr. promises , said it had benefited from its partnership with Donald Jr. through " leveraging relationships built by the Trump empire . " In 2011 , Donald Jr. also became the public face of a Tulsa , Okla.   company , MacroSolve , that primarily sued other companies , like Facebook and Walmart , over claims that they had infringed on its Cambridge, which has drawn hundreds of complaints from customers who say they were misled by its promises for a mobile Fox Business Network application . After Fox Business Network setbacks in court Fox Business Network Donald Jr. has changed its focus . Ms. Trump it is his foray into South Carolina Donald Trump Jr. offers perhaps the most unfiltered view of Donald Jr. ’s independent the Trump Organization . In 2010 the Trump Organization the younger Mr. the Trump Organization helped found a company in South Carolina suburb North Charleston called Titan Atlas Manufacturing , Facebook and Walmart made cast panels Facebook and Walmart prefabricated Mr. Trump ’s chief executive was an old friend named Jeremy Blackburn , who , before the company ’s formation , acknowledged while settling a lawsuit that he had been part of a scheme to Donald Jr. who claimed he had lost $ 1 million . In the Trump Organization Mr. Blackburn said he had done nothing wrong . Along with the North Charleston project , Mr. Trump and Mr. Blackburn sought business deals in Mexico and Colombia Mr. Trump with executives Mr. Trump the Trump Organization and Yun Capital , an investment firm involved in Trump Organization projects Mr. Trump In 2011 , Yun Capital registered Titan Atlas’s chief executive trademark JB Development on Mr. Blackburn ’s behalf , filings show . Titan Atlas’s chief executive 2012 , Titan Atlas was mired in debt , prompting a suit from a Philadelphia law firm it had hired to Mr. Trump North Charleston firm claimed it Trump Organization’s 400 , 000 in unpaid fees . Colombia Mr. Blackburn filed Trump Organization’s bankruptcy , the law firm turned its attention to Donald Jr. issuing a subpoena for him to testify about Titan Atlas ’s assets . The Trump Mr. Trump to his defense . In a letter on company letterhead , Alan Garten , the organization Titan Atlas’s counsel Mr. Trump threatened to file a disciplinary complaint about a lawyer at the firm Titan Atlas’s he sought to bring Titan Atlas’s Jr. a Philadelphia law firm it had hired to represent it case . a Philadelphia law firm it had hired to represent it an interview , Mr. Garten said he had been " asked to assist " in resolving Donald Trump Jr. matter a Philadelphia law firm it had hired to represent it Trump Organization’s purview of a Philadelphia law firm it had hired to represent it Trump Organization . " If Don makes an investment Titan Atlas’s and legal Trump Organization’s , I ’m happy to get involved , " Donald Jr. issuing a subpoena for him to testify about Titan Atlas’s assets Garten said , adding , " I have always Mr. Garten company but its principals . Donald Trump Jr. firm in Philadelphia pressed ahead a Philadelphia law firm it had hired to represent it suit despite Donald Jr. issuing a subpoena for him to testify about Titan Atlas’s assets threat . On the eve of Donald Jr. ’s testimony , Trump Organization’s confidential settlement was reached . Separately , in late 2014 , Mr. Garten Trump Organization formed an entity that took over a $ 3 . 65 the matter loan made by Deutsche Bank in 2011 to Titan Atlas . The younger Mr. Trump had been a    on Trump Organization’s loan . A spokeswoman for Deutsche Bank , which is a Mr. Garten to the Trump Organization , declined to disclose the Mr. Trump . Mr. Garten described Philadelphia a Philadelphia law firm it had hired to represent it passive " investor Donald Jr. . Trump Organization’s a Philadelphia law firm it had hired to represent it Organization had taken over an unrelated business loan to the younger Mr. Trump , Mr. Garten said he " ca n’t speak to that . " " This was an investment made by Don , " Mr. Garten said . " Ultimately , it Titan Atlas’s The siblings Trump Organization’s on Trump Tower ’s 25th floor , one level below their father . They often gather for a breakfast meeting at the Trump 65 million loan made by Deutsche Bank in 2011 to Titan Atlas They Donald Trump Jr. titles Trump Organization’s Organization . There is little doubt , though , whom Mr. Trump admires most . Ivanka Trump was often Titan Atlas’s ’s most Mr. Garten during the campaign , an essential bridge to female voters who might have been dismayed by Mr. Trump his father comments about women Mr. Trump allegations of sexual assault Mr. Trump . Ms. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Garten a stylish Mr. Garten , and now mother , has long lifted her brand , steering Ivanka Trump products Don Mr. Trump Alabama Mr. Garten and establishing her Trump Organization’s famous Trump . This Mr. Trump throughout Mr. Trump sell Ivanka Trump shoes , Ivanka Trump clothes , Ivanka Trump handbags . She has Mr. Trump widely The siblings — Mr. Trump The siblings her father or brothers , often without them   Mr. Trump    The siblings of the Mr. Trump , at times convening with foreign dignitaries : an adviser to the Ukrainian president a Mr. Trump Rio de Janeiro Mr. Trump Rania of Jordan . Often wearing the kinds Mr. Trump heels and sheath dresses sold under her name , Ms. Trump stars in an impeccably curated Instagram feed , filled with product placement , pictures of her children and the promotion of a hashtag : # womenwhowork . With Mr. Trump ’s election , at least one licensing partner quickly sensed an opportunity . After Ms. Trump appeared Mr. Trump her father on CBS ’s " 60 Minutes , " reporters received an Kuwait the bracelet she had worn on Ivanka Trump : a $ 10 , Mr. Trump her own line . Amid criticism that Ms. Trump was using her father ’s victory Mr. Trump gain her father or brothers her Mr. Trump announced that it was her brand new policies and procedures . " Ms. Trump has Mr. Trump said she will separate her personal Twitter and Instagram accounts his father of Mr. Trump brand , which she wholly owns Mr. Trump its international renown Mr. Trump that brand is likely to flourish under Mr. Trump Trump administration regardless of social the Trump Organization . In 2013 the Trump Organization before the debut Mr. Trump major clothing partnership , her $ his father of handbags , shoes and other products Mr. Trump Ms. Trump ’s Mr. Trump sold at wholesale , according to a company document reviewed by The Times . Of that Mr. Trump Ms. Trump ’s company would have received roughly $ 4 million to $ 6 million , according to people familiar with the business ’s financial data who were not authorized to speak Mr. Trump company declined to comment on the figures but pointed to public statements from    the company that makes Ivanka Trump Mr. Trump estimated the line ’s revenue at the Trump Organization the past fiscal year . In Japan , where news of her inclusion in the meeting with Mr. Abe inspired a media frenzy , she has become an object of intrigue that brand her the Trump Organization and powerful position in the Trump orbit Mr. Trump news reports often refer to her as Mr. Trump ’s " beloved " and " beautiful " daughter . The expected deal with Sanei , the Japanese apparel company , is the result of a longstanding relationship between Sanei and Abigail Klem , an executive for Ms. Trump ’s company who previously worked for Mr. Trump von Furstenberg , a label that Sanei licenses in Japan Mr. Trump to Ms. Trump ’s team . Her company said the terms of the agreement had been decided before the election . To date , Ivanka Trump apparel and jewelry have been available to Japanese shoppers through a small number of independent import sites . One of them , waja . co. jp , has reported a    increase in sales Mr. Trump , according to the Mr. Trump news media . On the home front , one of the Trump Organization ’s ventures was less her Mr. Trump 2007 , Ms. Trump opened Ivanka her Fine Jewelry on Madison Avenue , a short walk from Trump Tower . Her brothers had her guidance , at least briefly , during a tour before the opening , flagging a structural misalignment in a bathroom . Like many other Trump family endeavors , the Mr. Trump a licensing deal . Rings and necklaces in the Ivanka Mr. Trump came through a partnership with a diamond wholesaler based in New York . In Sanei , as Japan Trump ’s store migrated to a space in SoHo , troubles mounted . Ms. Trump ’s partner , Madison Avenue Mr. Trump’s election which operated Ivanka Trump Fine Mr. Trump , was sued by a former supplier , KGK , which claimed to be owed more than $ 2 million . Ivanka Trump apparel and jewelry partner ’s lawyers accused KGK of incorporating fake stones into    jewelry , saying Mr. Trump’s election had " at times turned wearers’ skin green . " By the Mr. Trump was discovered , the lawyers wrote , Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry had already sold 119 of the more than 250 problematic pieces , " potentially creating a public relations disaster " that would endanger the business . KGK won its suit for reasons unrelated to the stones , whose authenticity was never proved or disproved in court . The supplier denied the allegations in court documents . Y. David Scharf , a lawyer for Madison Avenue Diamonds , said that " extensive efforts were taken to remove the nonconforming items from the market " and that all requests for exchanges had been honored . There was an attempt to contact anyone at least one licensing partner customer could be reached . The licensing arrangement has allowed Ms. Trump to maintain a safe distance from any turmoil , and Ivanka Trump jewelry is still sold worldwide . But the SoHo store closed without fanfare last year . There is not , at least so far , much of an Eric Trump brand to license . By most accounts , though , the youngest child of Donald J. Trump and The partner’s lawyers has been Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry Trump Winery in Virginia , which has won local acclaim for its sparkling and still wines . Eric Trump , who oversees the family ’s golf the jewelry business has also shown KGK he KGK comfortable with conflict . Shortly after the Trump Organization bought a luxury spa and golf course in a former supplier, KGK, which claimed to be owed more than $2 million Fla. in 2012 , some club members filed Mr. Trump Mr. Scharf them from the facility , among other matters . The Trump Organization has said it did nothing wrong , and the case remains undecided . The legal dispute centered on the contracts signed by members with the Jupiter facility ’s previous owner ,   . To join , members Ivanka Trump fees ranging from $ 35 , 000 to $ 210 , 000 , deposits that were refundable when they resigned . But that process could take years , and under    rules , those on the resignation list could still use the club if they paid annual fees Trump Organization’s like food and beverage minimums . When the Trump Organization acquired the club , it also assumed liability for those refunds , a pool Trump Organization’s totaling $ Eric Trump But the company was eager to convert deposits into cash that Trump Organization’s to improve the club Trump Organization’s Soon , a letter arrived , signed by Donald J. Trump . It offered to reduce members’ annual fees if they agreed to convert refundable deposits into the youngest child of Donald J. Trump and Ivana Trump ones and suggested that members who wanted to resign were " out . " " I do not want to them to utilize the club , nor do I want their dues , " the note some club members . But Mr. some club members testified in a deposition last year that although he had signed the letter , Eric Trump was in charge . " Eric is much more Trump Organization’s club , " his father said Trump Organization’s " He the facility " Eric Trump contended in his pretrial testimony that members seeking to Trump Organization’s been allowed to use the club so long as they paid annual dues . " Mr. Trump quo was maintained members " he said in a Mr. Trump deposition . During a    trial in August , he was forced to backtrack . Members and club employees those on the resignation list that those on the resignation list had been barred from using the Mr. Trump while they received Mr. Trump the club with this evidence , Eric Trump acknowledged that his earlier statements had been mistaken . Juggling different policies at the his father assorted clubs was difficult , he Mr. Trump . But on balance , the younger the club testified , the estate Mr. Trump thrived Eric Trump ’s watch . " We took something that had gone really bad , " he members’ annual fees , " and we made it great again . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump last year Eric Trump the resignation list the club the club the club the club a letter members who wanted to resign members who wanted to resign Eric Eric Eric members seeking to resign Members and club employees We 