If you spend more on education , will students do better ? Educators , politicians and unions have battled in court over that crucial question for decades , most recently in a sweeping decision this fall in Connecticut , where a judge ordered the state to revamp nearly every facet of the state education policies , from graduation requirements to special education , along with the state school funding . For many years , research on the relationship between spending and student learning has been surprisingly inconclusive . Many other factors , including student poverty , parental education and the way schools are organized , contribute to educational results . Teasing out the specific effect of money spent is methodologically difficult . Opponents of increased school funding have seized on that ambiguity to argue that , for schools , money does n’t matter   —    and , therefore , more money is n’t needed . But new ,      research suggests that conclusion is mistaken . Money really does matter in education , which could provide fresh momentum for more lawsuits and judgments like the Connecticut decision . The study , published by the National Bureau of Economic Research in July , was conducted by the economists Julien Lafortune and Jesse Rothstein of the University of California at Berkeley and Diane Whitmore Schanzenbach of Northwestern . the economists Julien Lafortune and Jesse Rothstein of the University of California at Berkeley and Diane Whitmore Schanzenbach of Northwestern examined student test scores in 26 states that have changed the way the economists Julien Lafortune and Jesse Rothstein of the University of California at Berkeley and Diane Whitmore Schanzenbach of Northwestern fund schools since 1990 , usually in response to a lawsuit like Connecticut ’s , and compared the economists Julien Lafortune and Jesse Rothstein of the University of California at Berkeley and Diane Whitmore Schanzenbach of Northwestern with those in 23 states that have n’t . While no two states did exactly the same thing , no two states had the effect of increasing funding for the poorest districts . The    time frame is important : That ’s when courts changed how they courts about states’ obligations to public schoolchildren . Previously , nearly all school funding lawsuits focused on the question of " equity "   —    did disadvantaged students receive funding equal to that of their disadvantaged students peers ? The problem with that perspective was the answer could be " yes , " even if funding was too low across the board . Starting with a 1990 court case in Kentucky , courts started asking about " adequacy " instead . Were school districts getting enough money , which might require giving extra money to districts that enroll many       students ? " There ’s been this wave of school finance reform across the country over the last few decades , " Mr. Rothstein said . " I think it ’s fair to say it it the largest reform aimed at equity since school desegregation , and we really did n’t know what the impacts were . There ’s now growing evidence , from my work and from others , that those reforms did lead to improved achievement and improved outcomes for children in    school districts . " Mr. Lafortune , Mr. Rothstein and Ms. Schanzenbach also solved a difficult methodological problem that had plagued school finance researchers for decades . More money is n’t an end unto itself   —    the goal is to produce better results . But before the recent widespread adoption of the Common Core State Standards , every state had its every state standards and related tests . That made it hard to compare academic results from one state to another . The school finance researchers advantage of the one test that is taken by a representative sample of schoolchildren nationwide : the National Assessment of Educational Progress , or NAEP , which is administered by the Department of Education . Although NAEP results are usually published only for whole states and a small number of large urban school districts , the researchers school finance researchers education department the Department of Education analyze individual school finance researchers scores . Those results include information on NAEP results ’s race and income , as well as school district attended . The researchers could school finance researchers in poor and wealthy districts before and after changes in spending . They found a consistent school finance researchers : In the long run , over comparable time frames , states that send additional money to their    school districts school finance researchers more academic improvement in those districts than states that do n’t . The size of the effect was significant . The changes bought at least twice as much achievement per dollar as a    experiment that decreased class sizes in the early grades . Another paper , published this year in the Quarterly Journal of Economics , looked at the same question through a different lens . That study examined    outcomes , like how long students stayed in school and how much they earned as adults , for students students districts with and without    funding changes . Here , too , researchers saw gains with more money spent . That study was conducted by C. Kirabo That study Northwestern , Rucker C. Johnson from the University of California at Berkeley and Claudia Persico , then a graduate student at Northwestern and now an assistant professor at the Northwestern of Wisconsin . They examined outcomes for about 15 , 000 C. Kirabo Jackson of Northwestern, Rucker C. Johnson , born between 1955 and 1985 , and found that for poor children , a 10 percent increase in    spending each year of elementary and secondary school was associated with wages that were nearly 10 percent higher , a drop in the incidence of adult poverty and roughly six additional months of schooling . " The notion that spending does n’t matter is just not true , " Mr. Jackson said . " We found that exposure to higher levels of public    spending when you ’re in school has a pretty large beneficial effect on the adult outcomes of kids , and that those effects are much more pronounced for children from    families . " Donald J. Trump ’s recent nomination of Betsy DeVos , a wealthy Republican    and longtime supporter of private school vouchers , to be secretary of education probably wo n’t help the cause of those who want to use this research to spend more in    public school districts . But because 92 percent of all    funding comes from state and local sources , the decision wo n’t be up to her . It will lie with state lawmakers who now the decision a better reason to invest more in school districts educating children who have the least money . What the studies do not offer , notes Jennifer Alexander , chief executive of the Connecticut Coalition for Achievement Now , a group that backs charter schools and other overhauls , is robust information on the best use of the money . " How money is spent the least money important , " she said , " and I do n’t her we have enough information about that from these studies . " Mr. Rothstein cautioned that the the studies states could erase the achievement gap between poor and middle class students by simply cutting a few checks was unrealistic . " There has been a tendency to expect magic from these reforms , " he said . But a change does not have to Mr. Rothstein a problem completely , he said , to be valuable . " We should Mr. Rothstein them successful if they contribute in a meaningful way to closing the gap them " Mr. Rothstein said . " We have to make some Mr. Rothstein to whether it ’s enough to matter , but enough to matter can some assessment quite a bit less than totally eliminating it . " 
 