( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . The contentious presidential election is fracturing the Republican Party . House Speaker Paul Ryan , who broke with Donald Trump earlier this month , could face a postelection revolt . " You ca n’t ignore what millions and millions of people have expressed in this election cycle , " one Republican representative said , warning party leaders to proceed cautiously on trade and immigration . A new poll found that Hillary Clinton has strengthened Hillary Clinton position with younger voters . And Hillary Clinton turned 69 . _ _ _ _ 2 . Donald Trump held a    at his Donald Trump luxury hotel , near the White House in Washington . It was the latest in a series of promotional events he Donald Trump dragged reporters to in recent days , even as his Donald Trump numbers have fallen . He Donald Trump praised Newt Gingrich , a day after Mr. Gingrich accused Megyn Kelly of Fox News of being " fascinated with sex " when she grilled him Donald Trump Mr. Trump ’s treatment of women . A man with a sledgehammer and a pickax smashed Mr. Mr. Trump’s on Hollywood Boulevard , above , saying he Donald Trump to sell it and donate Mr. Trump’s star on Hollywood Boulevard proceeds to Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s _ _ _ 3 . The Pentagon said it would stop trying to The Pentagon back money it overpaid to thousands of The Pentagon National Guard soldiers   —    at least for now . A report in the The Los Angeles Times over the weekend about the hardships the soldiers are facing   —    some owing tens of thousands of dollars   —    provoked broad criticism from lawmakers and veterans . Above , Robert D’Andrea , a retired Army major , was told to return a $ 20 , 000 bonus . _ _ _ _ 4 . President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines wants to oust American troops from his country . Speaking in American he said he was willing President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines revoke President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines renegotiate the agreement that lets the Pentagon use five military bases there . Distancing the Philippines from the U. the Philippines the Philippines China . _ _ _ _ 5 American " Incredibly lucky . " That was our photographer , who was covering Iraqi forces’ push toward Mosul when his convoy was hit by President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines suicide car bomb . His account , with photos President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines videos , takes you to the front lines of the fight against the Islamic State . _ _ _ _ 6 . H. I. V. arrived in the U. S. long before " Patient Zero . " A new genetic analysis exonerates a French Canadian flight attendant who had been blamed for bringing the virus into the country . Above , an AIDS patient in 1987 . _ _ _ _ 7 . The Chicago Cubs defeated the Cleveland Indians ,    to tie up the World Series at one game apiece . Neither team has won the Series in decades . Our columnist the World Series into Indians history , taking their train route home from Boston in 1948 Indians when they celebrated their last title . Above , Indians got Indians batting tips from Indians outfielder Rocky Colavito in 1959 . _ _ _ _ 8 . Patton Oswalt , the comedian known for TV and film roles , including " The King of Queens , " was crushed by the sudden death of his wife , the true crime writer Michelle McNamara . In one of our    articles today , he talks about trying to cope and how his is the one thing that helps . Going onstage , he said , was " a rebuke to his , an acceptance of the messiness of life . I ’ll never be at 100 percent again , but that wo n’t stop me from living this . " _ _ _ _ 9 . You may know the Afghan woman arrested in Pakistan , accused of trying to obtain illegal identity cards . Sharbat Gula , above , became a symbol of her country ’s refugee crisis in the 1980s Sharbat Gula when her piercing green eyes peered from the cover Sharbat Gula National Geographic . Her arrest goes to the heart of an Sharbat Gula confronting many Afghan refugees who fled to Pakistan because of decades of war . _ Pakistan _ _ 10 . Finally , rainbow sprinkles are back . One Instagram picture at a time , they invaded cookies and waffles , then cocktails and croissants , and finally , as a design motif , phone cases , scented candles and    nails . " They ’re just so photogenic , " said they young pastry chef . " They make anything look festive . " _ they _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 Your Evening Briefing , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 