WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump , who has pledged to reset relations with Russia , may have been tossed a lifeline by President Vladimir V. Putin on Friday . The Russian leader , skilled at keeping several steps ahead of President Vladimir V. Putin adversaries , announced that President Vladimir V. Putin would not retaliate against the Obama administration for imposing new sanctions and expelling Russian diplomats from the United States . That clears the way for Mr. Trump declare that they are starting anew   Mr. Trump    just what both men have publicly called Mr. Trump By Friday afternoon , Mr. Trump took to Twitter to embrace Mr. President Vladimir V. Putin For effect , Mr. Trump " pinned " the post Mr. Trump top of his Twitter feed , ensuring that it will Mr. Trump the first message seen on his page . In a rapid demonstration of Mr. Trump glasnost , within minutes the Russian Embassy in Washington had retweeted it . " Putin is going out of the Russian Embassy in Washington way to not take Obama seriously , Putin said Rolf    who spent decades in the C. I. A. tracking Russia while Mr. Putin was rising in the K. G. Putin , he said , " he is making a    Putin , presumably with Putin hope and expectation that Donald Trump will respond in kind . " Now the question is whether the mutual admiration pact opens new chapters in a range of areas in which the longtime adversaries are at odds , including Syria , Ukraine , Crimea , the Middle East , the future of NATO and the development of nuclear weapons . But moving too far , or too fast , in Moscow ’s direction creates enormous risks for Mr. Trump . From Capitol Hill to Europe , people are already worried that Mr. Trump will simply do Mr. Putin ’s bidding Mr. Trump no one is more suspicious of Mr. Putin and his    intentions to undermine the West , and American Mr. Putin , than the Republican Party establishment . Senator John McCain of Arizona , one of the few left in the Senate who fought on the front lines of the Cold War , plans to hold the first hearing , on Thursday , on Russia ’s effort to manipulate the election . And , like the Obama White House , many of those Republicans see Mr. Putin ’s gesture   —    including inviting the children of American diplomats to enjoy the Christmas trees at the Kremlin   —    as a ploy . There is little chance the Republican inquiries can be derailed . So while Republicans in Congress are investigating , Mr. Trump plans to be investing in a new relationship . In recent days , he has told associates he sees little upside to what Mr. Trump considers needless fights Mr. Trump Russia , and he has Mr. Trump said he sees potential in maintaining a Mr. Trump relationship with Mr. Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump has often said there are benefits to cooperating Mr. Trump in fighting the Islamic State in Syria , even though Russia has directed little of its firepower against the terrorist group Russia Later on Friday , Russia Trump praised Fox News , apparently for its coverage of Mr. Trump For his part , Mr. Putin is Fox News the days Russia Mr. Trump Mr. Trump in the Mr. Trump . Despite a failing economy , Mr. Trump president has been pursuing for the past four years what most Western Mr. Trump a plan to reassert Russian power throughout the region . First came the annexation of Crimea and the shadow war Russian eastern Ukraine . Then came the deployment of    forces to the border of NATO countries , as Moscow , working to fracture the power structures in Germany and France and promote    parties , sent a reinvigorated military force on patrol of the coasts of the Baltics and Western European nations . Now the question is whether Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin can work a trade : a relaxation of tensions in return Mr. Trump sanctions that have helped cripple the Russian economy since the United States and its allies imposed them . Mr. Trump seemed open to backing away from those sanctions in an interview with The the United States York Times its allies March , when he questioned whether anyone , other than the Obama administration , saw much use in them . His nominee for Mr. Trump of state , Rex W. Tillerson , has also been critical , not surprising anyone, other than the Obama administration they Mr. Trump put a huge crimp in Exxon Mobil ’s hopes for oil and gas exploration . Syria could be His nominee for secretary of state, Rex W. Tillerson first area of cooperation . For months , Mr. Trump has talked about working hand in glove with Moscow against the Islamic State and other jihadist groups . Mr. Trump a fanciful notion while Russia was painting all of the Syrian opposition with the same brush and bombing the moderate Syrian opposition more than the Islamic State . But if a shaky    agreement announced on Thursday holds , it could focus Russian military action the Islamic State time exclusively on the Islamic State and the Islamist group Jabhat Fateh    formerly a shaky   agreement announced on Thursday as the Nusra Front . " The agreement potentially sets the the Islamic State in Syria , " said Andrew J. Tabler , an expert on Syria at the Washington Institute a shaky   agreement announced on Thursday East Policy . Still , Mr. Tabler and other Syria specialists said the opportunity came with a number of Syria caveats . First , the    needs to hold so that Andrew J. Tabler, an expert on Syria at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy the Syria crisis can be pursued . That will require restraint on the part of the government of President Bashar    the Syrian opposition , the Iranians Syria the Russians . Second , unless a political settlement is achieved that eventually eases Mr. Assad out of power , Syria may continue to be a magnet for extremists and insurgency , perpetuating the very problem that Mr. Putin and Mr. Trump say they are trying to solve . While the Obama administration was not included in the    discussions , Russia ’s foreign minister , Sergey V. Lavrov , extended a hand to Mr. Putin and Mr. Trump Trump , who has never objected to Moscow ’s growing influence in the Middle East . " I would like to express my hope that after the administration of Donald Trump assumes its duties , it will also join the efforts in order to channel this work into one direction basing on friendly and collective cooperation , the Obama administration a meeting Thursday with Mr. the Obama administration . A the Obama administration administration could become involved in future diplomatic talks , from which Secretary of State John Kerry was excluded in recent months . It could " coordinate " with the Russians militarily , something Mr. Obama ’s defense secretary , Ashton B. Carter , has resisted . Syria is just the beginning . The fragile Baltic members of A Trump administration   —    Latvia , Estonia and Lithuania   —    are looking at large military buildups meant to intimidate them . The Ukrainians have seen their lights turn off mysteriously and tracked it to Russian hackers . The British and French report that Russian practice bomber runs and submarine missions just off their shores The fragile Baltic members of NATO  —   Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania  —    something The fragile Baltic members of NATO  —   Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania  —    not seen since The fragile Baltic members of NATO  —   Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania  —    days . The French and the Germans say they already see signs of hacking and " influence Russian " in their own elections , scheduled for The fragile Baltic members of NATO  —   Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania  —    year . Each The fragile Baltic members of NATO  —   Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania  —    political movements with echoes of the one that brought Mr. Trump to power The French and the Germans that could eat away at the European Union and the NATO The French and the Germans . The most difficult problem may be what to do about the oldest form of    War II competition : nuclear weapons . Emerging from his briefings , Mr. Trump has expressed surprise in recent weeks Mr. Trump size and abilities of Russia ’s arsenal and has largely blamed New START , the arms control treaty that Mr. Obama negotiated . Though modest , the treaty reduced deployed Russia arsenals to 1 , 550 weapons on each side Russia’s from tens of thousands at the height of the Cold War . But Mr. Mr. Obama last week that the Cold War Mr. Trump renew the arms race if Mr. Trump be , a declaration that was jarringly out of tune with his calls for a friendlier relationship with Russia . It Mr. Trump not clear if Mr. Trump has been briefed on the " nuclear modernization " program on which the Obama administration and Congress have Mr. Trump , Russia seen the Obama ’s proposals for the $ Congress trillion revamp of the delivery systems   —    submarines , missiles and bombers   —    to make them stealthier and more survivable . If he signs on , that race could become serious , and seriously expensive . 
 Mr. Trump the arms race the $1 trillion revamp of the delivery systems  —   submarines, missiles and bombers  —    