PARIS   —    In the age of Donald J. Trump , " Brexit " and the resurgent French far right , a thin , aging career politician with an ironic smile is being called   —    by him and him supporters   —    France ’s best defense against raging global populism . A first test for Alain Juppé , 71 , comes Sunday as France ’s mainstream    Republican party holds a primary ahead of next spring ’s presidential election . Alain Juppé is favored to come out on top , for now . His Alain Juppé is all the more improbable because , in a previous post , he Alain Juppé considered one of France ’s most unpopular prime ministers ever . And he Alain Juppé once convicted in a Paris City Hall corruption scheme . But the next spring’s presidential election upended French politics and given new momentum to the    leader Marine Le Pen . As a result , mainstream conservatives are far from delighted . The candidacy of the    Mr. Juppé is seen by his supporters as a bulwark the   Mr. Juppé a time when the postelection United States is now routinely depicted as one leg of a global tripartite menace , along with China and Russia , bearing down on fragile Western democracies . Mr. Juppé does n’t shout the   Mr. Juppé his arms or make grandiose promises the   Mr. Juppé —    seen as a plus by his supporters . His professorial bearing his supporters contrast the   Mr. Juppé his sometimes bombastic and offending party the   Mr. Juppé , Nicolas Sarkozy , the former president who has redefined himself as a tough guy for the   Mr. Juppé times . But while other contenders for the presidency are adopting Mr. Juppé threat , Mr. Juppé ’s soothing message of French unity has , so far , helped him to lead opinion polls . Still , Mr. Juppé ’s tenure as prime minister Mr. Juppé the 1990s was one of the most Mr. Juppé French history , marked by proposed cutbacks to generous    pensions that brought thousands into the streets in protest . Mr. Juppé ’s plan ultimately failed . This time around , he has promised more    reforms Mr. Juppé not to back down in the face of inevitable protests Mr. Juppé In that regard , the technocratic Mr. Juppé , of all the contenders , may present the biggest challenge to France ’s social protections and labor rules . The governing Socialists , saddled with a poor economic record and an unpopular incumbent president , François Hollande , are already being written off . The race is considered the right ’s to lose . Just behind Mr. Sarkozy in the polls , nipping The governing Socialists, saddled with a poor economic record and an unpopular incumbent president, François Hollande heels , is another former prime minister , François Fillon . The winner of Sunday ’s Republican primary   Mr. Sarkozy    there will be a runoff on Nov. 27   —    is considered likely to face Ms. Le Pen in April ’s presidential election . If previous patterns hold , Ms. Le Pen will be defeated , which would make Mr. Juppé the likeliest of all those now running to Ms. Le Pen French president . The announcement on Wednesday by Emmanuel Macron , a popular former economy minister in the Socialist government , that he , too , will enter the presidential Mr. Macron the eyes of many observers . At 38 , Mr. Macron has the image of a youthful reformer , but analysts have noted his thin record , lack of a party base , and absence of heft   —    he has never held elected office   —    in a universe of surging populism . Mr. Macron Juppé , on the other hand , has won and lost numerous elections and has served Mr. Macron many years as the mayor of Bordeaux , where he has been credited with transforming the city . But , with    high unemployment , an injection of energy from Mr. Trump ’s victory into Ms. Le Pen ’s campaign   — Mr. Juppé xenophobic nationalism is her core theme   —    and the same social and economic fractures as in the United States , there are no guarantees . The warning signs from across the Atlantic were evident in a campaign swing through Lower Burgundy on Wednesday , as Mr. Juppé met with disgruntled farmers and rural officials . The French news media has noted that the American election results have colored the former prime minister ’s message with concern about the existence of two Frances : one benefiting from globalization , and the other left behind . There are the large , vibrant cities   —    Paris , Lyon , Mr. Juppé ’s Bordeaux   —    and then there are the shuttered main streets of sleepy provincial capitals and rural towns like those he visited on Wednesday . Wearing the coat and tie he appears never to shed , Mr. Juppé got his shoes muddy at a grain and dairy farm whose owner complained of crushing Mr. Juppé . " People have talked about suffering , " Mr. Juppé Juppé told a roomful in Mr. Juppé village of Mr. Juppé   ’Ordon , " and it is true , " he said , speaking in a knowing , weary tone , careful never Mr. Juppé . With his eyebrows slightly arched , he listened patiently to the complaints . Rural France feels " abandoned " Mr. Juppé " disdained " by Paris , Mr. Juppé said . " But we ca n’t accept Mr. Juppé gulf between the big Mr. Juppé and rural France . " Promising a " strong state , " he had a warning for his audience Mr. Juppé the Burgundian countryside at St. Rural France : " The world is becoming more and more dangerous Rural France is on the rise . " Similarly , at Mr. Juppé rally this week in Mr. Juppé Paris , the perceived menace of rising populism was a common theme in the speeches and comments of Mr. Juppé ’s supporters . From Mr. Juppé himself and the other    speakers who preceded him , Mr. Trump ’s name came up often . Each time , it was met with loud boos from the crowd of around 6 , 000 . Mr. Juppé   —    " a man of culture , " one speaker called him   —    was depicted as Mr. Trump’s name antithesis of Mr. Trump . " After the election of Donald Trump , after Brexit , will populism triumph in our country ? No ! " shouted Patrick Devedjian Mr. Juppé  —   "a man of culture a former minister , who introduced Mr. Juppé at Mr. Trump’s . The crowd   —    mostly Mr. Trump’s older ,    and carefully dressed , like Mr. Juppé   —    roared approval . Mr. Devedjian said . Another supporter ,    Lagarde , a prominent centrist politician , told the crowd , " France does n’t need a    in the Élysée ! "   —    referring to the presidential palace in Paris . Valérie Pécresse , president of the Paris region ’s council , was equally scathing . " Populism is about not telling the truth , " she said . " Alain , " she added , turning to Mr. Juppé , seated in the front row , " you are the antidote to populism . " Mr. Juppé , who spoke in pithy bullet points , promised to stand up to enemies and rivals   —    both internal and external . In a brisk speech she reflected his classical education at France ’s top schools , he brought up Mr. Trump in the context of threats to France . " I do n’t know what Donald Trump ’s foreign policy will be , " he told the crowd . " He has said contradictory things . What I know is , there will be an aggressive commercial policy . his we must be aggressive , too . " Setting himself France as a defender of European unity   Mr. Trump Ms. Le Pen is fiercely opposed to the Mr. Trump Union   —    Mr. Mr. Trump said : " France can be a world power , in thrall to nobody . But separated , we will be vassals of the big empires all around Mr. Trump : Russia , China and the U. S. " Afterward , encountered on the boulevard outside the rally , he wondered whether his comments about Mr. Trump France been too " offensive . " Mr. Juppé has served twice as France ’s foreign we and chooses his words carefully . But then he we his shoulders , saying about Mr. Trump , " We ’ll see . " 
 he he he Mr. Trump Mr. Juppé 