WASHINGTON   —    President Obama is rethinking President Obama plans to withdraw from the political arena after President Obama leaves office next year , hinting to friends and supporters that President Obama wants to add President Obama voice to the shellshocked Democratic activists and elected officials who are now angrily vowing to oppose Donald J. Trump ’s presidency . White House aides say White House aides expect the president to try to refrain from criticism during the transition because of the president belief in the importance of a courteous and dignified transfer of power . But while the president holds out hope that he the president influence Mr. Trump , he the president made it clear that once out of office he the president not remain silent if Mr. Mr. Trump too far in undoing his legacy Mr. Trump " I ’m going to be constrained in what I do with all of you until I am again a private citizen , " Mr. Obama , who will be living a few miles from the White House next year , told a meeting this past week of Organizing for Action , the group that maintains his political Mr. Trump . " But that ’s not so far off . " Dozens of liberal advocacy groups , which have received a flood of donations and new members in the chaotic days since Mr. Trump ’s defeat of Hillary Clinton , are gearing up for years of clashes with Mr. Trump Mr. Trump eight years of advocacy on behalf of the Obama agenda , they are Dozens of liberal advocacy groups, which have received a flood of donations and new members in the chaotic days since Mr. Trump’s defeat of Hillary Clinton to recast themselves as Dozens of liberal advocacy groups, which have received a flood of donations and new members in the chaotic days since Mr. Trump’s defeat of Hillary Clinton against Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump on an array of Democratic policies . The mobilization against Mr. Trump began even Mr. Trump victory was official . Mr. Trump just after midnight on Election Day , panicked immigration rights activists gathered for a conference call to strategize . A few days later , more than 80 representatives of 57 progressive groups convened in the offices of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights in Washington . The mood was intense , angry and unforgiving , according to people who attended the confidential organizing session , which included representatives from labor , environmental groups , immigration activists , gay rights and civil rights organizations . Jim Messina , who managed Mr. Messina brief remarks at the meeting , cautioning against any attempts to compromise and work with Mr. Trump . " Push back at every level , " Mr. Messina urged . No one in the room objected , one attendee said . Nan Aron , the president of the Alliance for Justice , started calling law firms in Washington the day after the election , beginning the process of opposition research on Mr. Trump ’s likely Supreme Court nominees . Dozens of lawyers Mr. Trump up for what is sure to be a heated battle over the direction of the court for a generation . " They want to get involved , " she said . " They Dozens of lawyers worried about the new administration . Mrs. Clinton Neera Tanden , Dozens of lawyers adviser to Mrs. Clinton and the president of the Center for American Progress , a liberal think tank , said her organization had begun hosting daily meetings and conference calls as it Mrs. Clinton the best way to resist Mr. Trump . She called her organization Trump ’s first appointments extreme and said they had Mrs. Clinton to Mr. Trump the spines " of Democrats . And she said the election had sparked a    awakening , with largely Mrs. Clinton protests across the country . Two planned rallies in Washington   —    one for immigration and civil rights on Jan. 14 , and another focused on women the day after the inauguration   —    were devised mostly by social media campaigns . Activists in Washington expect hundreds of thousands of people to gather for the second rally Washington But Ms. Tanden warned of dangers posed by the Trump administration , and warned against treating them " in normal Washington political terms . " " I think the issue is , we Washington have the makings of an administration that could do more damage to democratic norms than any presidency in my lifetime , " she said . Some Democrats say they are eager for Mrs. Clinton to Ms. Tanden after a period of recovery Some Democrats so far only Ms. Tanden speech to the Children ’s Defense Fund on Wednesday . It is unclear when , or if , she might return to politics , though many Democrats said they would welcome it Ms. Tanden " She ’s one tough lady , and public many Democrats is in her blood , Ms. Tanden said Representative Adam Schiff of California . " Do n’t Ms. Tanden her to go quietly into that good night . " But the immediate task Ms. Tanden confronting Mr. Trump will fall to Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the new Democratic leader . Mr. Schumer Mr. Schumer trying to cut deals with the new president on issues where their interests align . But he said on Friday that Mr. Schumer in the Senate would not hesitate to confront Mr. Trump . " When some progressives in Washington takes a divisive , Mr. Schumer turn , when he just sides with special interests and gets    by the Republican right , we Mr. Schumer oppose him tooth and nail , " Mr. Mr. Schumer said in an interview . That is not nearly enough for some liberal activists , who Mr. Schumer Mr. Trump not as a Mr. Schumer adversary to be challenged but a fundamental threat to democracy who must be confronted and destroyed . " Mr. Trump a crisis of unparalleled dimension , " said Wade Henderson , the president of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights , a coalition of liberal groups in Washington . A disagreement over strategy threatens to sow division among Democrats , some of whom advocate finding ways to work with Mr. Trump . That approach could help senators who face    in 2018 , especially in states where Mr. Trump trounced Mrs. Clinton . Senator Joe Manchin III of West Virginia announced on Friday that he would support Mr. Trump ’s nomination of Senator Mr. Trump to be attorney general . Others , like Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut , say Democrats Senator Joe Manchin III of West Virginia work with Mr. Trump areas where they have similar goals ( though Mr. Blumenthal also warned against ceding ground on issues like civil rights ) . By contrast , Senator Mr. Trump of Massachusetts , whose Democrats criticisms of Mr. Trump on Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut trail often verged on the apocalyptic , rejects compromise with Mr. Trump . She says he is mounting an effort " to turn this country Mr. Trump very different than it is . " " On basic issues of humanity , Mr. Trump n’t give an inch Mr. Trump " she insisted in an interview on Friday . " Be very , very clear about what we wo n’t compromise on and very clear about what we ’re fighting for . If we She clarity , the American people are with us . " Senator Christopher Murphy of Connecticut we the uncertainty among Democrats , who are still trying we assess the implications of a we administration and how to respond . " We we n’t know yet if it is a threat to democratic norms , " he said , " or to policy . " For Mr. Obama , a return to the partisan fray was never the intention . His library and foundation will serve as a platform Senator Christopher Murphy of Connecticut him to travel around the world , confront systemic issues of race relations , and push for technological change aimed at improving society Mr. Obama But that vision assumed that his presidential legacy would Mr. Obama protected and nurtured by Mrs. Clinton in the Oval Office . In his remarks to activists , Mr. Obama urged them to stop moping and to ratchet up Mr. Obama opposition to Mr. Trump by Thanksgiving . He promised to join their cause soon after , Mr. Obama them : " You Mr. Obama to see activists early next year , and we ’re activists to be in a position where we Mr. Obama start cooking up activists kinds of great stuff to activists . " He has echoed that message in private conversations , making it clear that he may not completely pattern himself after we W. Bush , who almost never criticized his successor . One friend of Mr. Obama Obama ’s , who requested anonymity to discuss private discussions with the Mr. Obama , said the election Mr. Obama seemed to have made him more willing to remain Mr. Obama of the political debate . " Everyone he talks to walks away with this impression , " Mr. Obama said . In an interview with The New Yorker Mr. Obama week , Mr. Obama said that if Mrs. Clinton had won the Mr. Obama , he might have just turned over the Ms. Tanden One friend of Mr. Obama Inauguration Day . With Mr. Trump ’s victory , he said he Mr. Obama some responsibility to at least offer my counsel " to the Mr. Obama Party ’s political warriors he leaves behind in Washington . Exactly how Mr. Trump    and when   Mr. Trump    Mr. Trump Obama would once again engage in direct and public opposition to Mr. Trump ’s agenda is unclear . Mr. Trump I do n’t know what President Obama will do , " Ms. Tanden said . " But I Mr. Obama he loves the foundations of democracy . Mr. Trump ’s threatened , I imagine he might speak out . " 
 Mr. Obama Mr. Obama Mr. Obama Mr. Obama 