LONDON   —    Donald J. Trump ’s statement that the United States might not come to the defense of NATO allies that do not foot NATO allies share of the bill fueled anxiety on Thursday in a Europe that is already deeply unsettled about Russia ’s assertive posture , Britain ’s decision to withdraw from the European Union and the rise of    populist and nationalist parties . In an interview with The New York Times , Mr. Trump suggested that if elected president Mr. Trump would use a country ’s level of military spending as a factor in deciding whether the United States would honor the United States commitment to defend any member nation that comes under attack . While President Obama and other American officials have also pressed European countries in recent years to increase military spending in line with President Obama and other American officials commitments to NATO , Mr. Trump more explicitly linked financial considerations to the strategic response Mr. Trump would order as president in the event of an attack by Russia . Mr. Trump comments left some European officials concerned that the United States under Mr. Trump would edge away from the security guarantees that Washington has provided to the Continent since World War II . But they some European officials concerned that the United States under Mr. Trump would edge away from the security guarantees that Washington has provided to the Continent since World War II stoked the debate over cost sharing after years in which Europe had been slow to meet its the United States under Mr. Trump on military spending . Jens Stoltenberg , NATO ’s secretary general and a former prime minister of Norway , said that he " will not interfere in the U. S. election campaign , " but made clear that he he alarmed by Mr. Trump ’s remarks . " Solidarity among allies is a key value for NATO NATO " he he in a statement . " This is good for European security and good for U. S. security . We defend one another . We We seen this in Afghanistan , where tens of thousands of European , Canadian and    troops have stood shoulder to shoulder with U. U. S. . " He added U. S. " Two world wars have shown that peace in Europe is also important for the security of the United States . " Article 5 of the 1949 treaty that set up the North Atlantic Treaty Organization obliges any member of the alliance to come to the defense of another member if it comes under attack . The article Article 5 of the 1949 treaty that set up the North Atlantic Treaty Organization invoked only once   —    after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United the United States They have an obligation to the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the United States payments , " Mr. Trump said in the interview . " Many NATO nations are not making payments , are not making what they ’re supposed to make Many NATO nations " Asked whether the United States would the United States aid of Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania   —    three Baltic states that were invaded by the Soviet Union in 1940 , and joined NATO in 2004   —    in NATO event of a Russian invasion , Mr. Trump replied , " I do n’t want to tell you what I ’d do because I do n’t want Putin to know what I ’d do , " referring to Russia ’s president , Vladimir V. Putin , for whom Mr. Trump has expressed admiration . Reminded Mr. Trump members are obligated by treaty to NATO to one another ’s defense , Mr. Trump responded : " Have they fulfilled Mr. Trump to us ? If they NATO members their NATO members NATO us , the answer NATO members yes NATO members NATO Asked on Thursday about Mr. Trump ’s comments , Defense Secretary Michael Fallon Mr. Trump snapped : " Article 5 is an absolute commitment . It does n’t come with conditions or caveats . " Article 5 than two weeks ago , at a NATO summit meeting in Warsaw , Mr. Obama reassured America ’s allies that " in good times and in bad , Europe can count on the United States   —    always . " Toomas Hendrik Ilves , the president of Estonia , took to Twitter to emphasize that his country was one of only five NATO members to Toomas Hendrik Ilves the target that it spend 2 percent of gross domestic product   — his country a broad measure of economic activity   —    on military spending . ( The others are the United States , Britain , Poland and Greece . the United States also noted that Estonia contributed troops to the fight in Afghanistan in keeping with Article 5 . Artis Pabriks , a former foreign and defense minister of Latvia , which borders Russia and has stepped up military spending , wrote on Twitter : " If Trump doubts NATO solidarity in the case of Article 5 , then his election is dangerous for Baltic security . Article 5 ’s president , Trump Grybauskaite , tried to calm her citizens . Ms. Grybauskaite next president of the U. S. we trust America Ms. Grybauskaite " she told reporters . " It has always defended nations under attack , and will do so in Ms. Grybauskaite future . " Ms. Grybauskaite added : " Lithuania   —    as well as other Baltic states   —    is doing everything it can . We are modernizing our armed forces , we have reinstituted conscription and our defense spending It reach 2 percent of G. We P. in 2018 We I do not think We of candidate Trump ’s remarks are necessary . We know that the U. S. will remain our most important partner . " In Russia , Mr. We ’s comments met with approval . Alexei We , head of the foreign relations committee of candidate Trump’s , the lower house of the Russian Parliament , contrasted Mr. Trump with Hillary Clinton , the presumptive Democratic nominee . " Clinton ’s creed : strengthen the U. S. candidate Trump’s alliances . Trump ’s creed : respond only to real threats Hillary Clinton Mr. Pushkov wrote . " Aggressive banality versus common sense candidate Trump’s " NATO ’s 28 members pledged at summit meetings in Wales in 2014 and in Warsaw this month to Mr. Stoltenberg to meet the 2 percent of GDP spending target , and Mr. Stoltenberg has made reaching that goal a priority . Xenia Wickett , the head of the United States and Americas program at Chatham House , a foreign policy think tank based in London , said Mr. Trump was echoing   —    albeit in far less diplomatic terms   —    concerns raised by a succession of American secretaries of defense , including the three who have served Mr. Obama : Robert M. Gates , Leon E. Panetta and Ashton B. Carter . " The U. S. is no longer willing to cover the approximately 75 percent of the NATO budget that it currently does , " Ms. Wickett wrote in an email . " Trump takes it to the extreme , which is new The U. S. but the direction is not new . Trump wants to see a Trump ‘ fair’ division of labor . " She added , " Unfortunately , his way of expressing it is likely to aid our adversaries rather than assist the alliance . Trump Alexandra de Hoop Scheffer , Trump head of the Paris office of the German Marshall Fund of the United States , a research organization , said too much was being made of Mr. Trump ’s remarks . She said the imbalance in NATO spending " is just not sustainable , " adding , " Trump is taking the    debate Trump extreme levels , by directly calling into question U. S. responsibility as a NATO member state Mr. Trump’s remarks fulfill its obligations under Article 5 , in case a NATO member state got attacked by Russia . " NATO added that European leaders a NATO member state to persuade their citizens " of the importance NATO investing in defense to face current and future a NATO member state challenges . " But Carl Bildt , European leaders former prime minister and foreign minister of Sweden , said he feared that Mr. Trump ’s remarks would embolden autocratic and aggressive powers . " There is certainly a risk that he will Carl Bildt, a former prime minister and foreign minister of Sweden states like Russia and China to take the risk that U. S. will not stand up for its allies and Mr. Trump commitments , and that could be extremely dangerous for global stability , " he said . " He ’s Russia not only Russia defense of common interests , but also the defense of common values . Mr. Trump seems nearly to Mr. Trump a derogatory term for him . " 
 Mr. Trump 