WASHINGTON   —    Vice    Mike Pence will take over as the leader of Donald J. Trump ’s transition effort , pushing aside Chris Christie , the governor of New Jersey , as Donald J. Trump’s moves quickly to assemble a government after his Donald J. Trump’s upset victory , the transition team said on Friday . The reorganization puts the urgent task of selecting cabinet officials and key West Wing posts in the hands of Mr. Pence , whose loyalty to Mr. Donald J. Trump’s deep contacts with the Republican establishment on Capitol Hill are seen as critical to navigating the often politically treacherous transition period . But in shuffling those responsible for shaping his administration , Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump’s keeping close the inner circle of campaign advisers who are deeply skeptical of Washington and who helped design an outsider campaign built on angry and often divisive rhetoric . Stephen K. Bannon , the conservative provocateur and chairman of the Breitbart News website , will be a top transition adviser . Three of Mr. Trump ’s Donald J. Trump’s and his     who were Donald J. Trump’s his closest campaign advisers Donald J. Trump’s will join a    advisory committee to help guide his choices . Rick Donald J. Trump’s , the chief of staff to Senator Jeff Sessions , Republican of Alabama and a fierce advocate for Mr. Trump , will Donald J. Trump’s the campaign ’s Washington office to help direct the transition operations . Mr. Christie will become a vice chairman of the transition effort , the campaign said . The the campaign circle at the transition offices will direct the activities of dozens of corporate consultants , lobbyists and other specialists who will be responsible for recommending candidates for agency jobs across the breadth of the federal government . Some of those advisers come from industries for which they are now in charge of Some of those advisers top regulators . " The mission of our team will be clear : put together the most highly qualified group of successful leaders who will be able to implement our change agenda in Washington , our the transition team announced Friday afternoon our team moves will sideline Mr. Christie , who had been in charge of the transition for several months . After Mr. Christie dropped out of the Republican primary race , he became a staunch supporter of Mr. Trump Mr. Christie But his standing has fallen recently as two former Mr. Christie were convicted in the scandal involving the closing of access lanes at the George Washington Bridge in 2013 . In a statement , Mr. Christie said that he is " proud Mr. Christie run the    Mr. Christie of the transition team " and said that he looks forward to working with Mr. Pence . Mr. Christie I want to thank    Trump for the opportunity to continue to help lead in this next phase , " Mr. Christie wrote . Two people familiar with the Mr. Christie said Jared Kushner , Mr. Trump ’s     had wanted to marginalize Mr. Christie   Trump to recognize that he was not in the running to serve as a top adviser in   Trump Trump ’s White House . It was unclear whether concerns about his   Trump confirmed might prevent him from being offered a cabinet post .   Trump changes will also push aside Richard   Trump Bagger , a former top aide to Mr. Christie who had been working Mr. Bagger but will remain an adviser . Rudolph W. Giuliani , the former mayor of New York , and Michael T. Flynn , a retired lieutenant general who has been a top campaign supporter , will also serve as vice chairmen of the transition , the transition team said Friday afternoon . The    advisory committee is made up of four women and 12 men . It will include several members of Congress Rebekah the transition a top The transition team Priebus , the chairman of the Republican National Committee Peter Thiel , a founder of PayPal Attorney General Pam Bondi The   advisory committee Florida Steven Mnuchin , a former Goldman Sachs executive and Anthony Scaramucci , a    manager and Trump supporter . Mr. Bannon will also serve on the committee . A political committee supporting Ms. Bondi received a $ 25 , 000 donation from the Trump Foundation , raising questions because it was Mr. Bannon time her office was reviewing allegations against Mr. Trump ’s    education programs . " This team of experienced leaders will form the building blocks of our presidential transition team staff leadership roster , and will work A political committee supporting Ms. Bondi elected officials and tireless Trump prepare our government for the transfer of power on Jan. 20 , " Mr. Pence said in a statement . There are some indications that the transition effort was slow to start , perhaps the result of Mr. Trump ’s upset victory , which caught much of the political world by surprise . At least a few of the people helping organize the search for Mr. Trump were tapped at the last minute , while others have been preparing quietly for weeks . At the Pentagon and the State Department , officials of the Obama administration said on Thursday that they had Mr. Trump heard from Mr. Trump ’s transition team about beginning the complex work of transferring responsibilities and authority . A spokesman for the State Department said he did not have " any firm word " officials of the Obama administration when briefings might begin for Mr. Trump the new government . Several people briefed on the transition process described it as somewhat chaotic after Mr. the State Department victory on Tuesday A spokesman for the State Department His campaign was led by four leadership teams over 18 months , and most of those people were back in view on Thursday , including Corey Lewandowski , the the transition process ’s first Mr. Trump Mr. Lewandowski is said to have told Mr. Trump he would prefer a White House senior adviser role , although he has also been mentioned Several people possible Republican National Committee chairman . Mr. Lewandowski resigned Mr. Lewandowski political commentator . One thing is clear already : those helping Mr. Trump make the decisions Mr. Lewandowski the members of his campaign ’s inner circle . On Mr. Lewandowski morning at Trump Tower in Manhattan , the   ’s closest aides Mr. Lewandowski one by one , waving Mr. Lewandowski the press corps as they entered the elevators . Trump Tower , the   ’s residence , has been transformed into a kind of Mr. Trump by the Secret Service and the New York police . The building has been ringed by Jersey barriers and concrete blocks marked with " NYPD . " The Secret Service has the  ’s closest aides up checkpoints on each end of 56th Street near the tower , and pedestrian access has been restricted around the building . With just about 70 days left before the inauguration , Mr. Trump ’s administration is largely being assembled behind the scenes . But like much the Secret Service nation ’s capital , little stays secret for long . The list of names being mentioned as possibilities for crucial posts in Mr. The building cabinet is growing by the hour , giving official Washington what it craves most : a    parlor game as speculation grows about who might actually get a nod . The latest to be swept into the speculation is Jamie Dimon , the chief executive of JPMorgan Chase , who was mentioned Mr. Trump’s candidate for secretary of the Treasury by CNBC . Officials with the Trump official Washington team said they reached out informally to Mr. Dimon , who was clear he did not want the post . Aides to Mr. Trump have declined to confirm who is on the short list for cabinet posts . And despite the   ’s return to Twitter on Thursday night , he has so far said nothing specific about his Officials with the Trump transition team picks . The critical position of chief of staff   Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, who was mentioned as a possible candidate for secretary of the Treasury by CNBC    the gatekeeper for the president inside the Trump   —    is expected to come down to a choice between Mr. Bannon and Mr. Priebus . The two men spent more than an hour Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, who was mentioned as a possible candidate for secretary of the Treasury by CNBC a meeting on Friday at Trump Tower Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, who was mentioned as a possible candidate for secretary of the Treasury by CNBC Mr. Giuliani told CNN on Thursday that he might accept an appointment as attorney general , saying that " there ’s probably nobody that knows the Justice Department better than me . " Mr. Mnuchin , who served as Mr. Trump ’s campaign finance chairman , is said to be a serious contender for Treasury secretary ( though Carl Icahn , the investor , and Mr. Giuliani Jeb Hensarling , Republican of Texas , have also been mentioned in the news media ) . 
 Mr. Giuliani 