Kanye West , the rapper , fashion designer , showman and Twitter ranter , has maintained a low profile since canceling his " Saint Pablo " tour and being hospitalized in    amid rumors of severe exhaustion . But his recently reappeared in the public eye , showing up at an exhibition of furniture designed by Rick Owens , at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles last week , and at Trump Tower on Tuesday morning , to meet with the   . In both cases , the rapper looked like his normal self , wearing white    sneakers , a sweatshirts and his usual   . One seemingly small change : his was blond . Speculation about the new look has already spawned a hashtag : # blondye ( Ye is Mr. West ’s nickname ) . The most popular theory by far centered on Mr. West’s ’s recent emotional turmoil . " Whenever someone comes in and suddenly wants a major color change out of nowhere , it usually means something is up , " said Laurie Daniel , a colorist at the Marie Robinson Salon in New York . " A divorce , a breakup , a crisis of some sort . " Cases in point : Lindsay Lohan ’s conversion to a brunette in early 2008 , after a year of arrests and stints in rehab Britney Spears ’s bald head , reportedly shaved by the pop star herself amid her Lindsay Lohan from Kevin Federline in 2007 and a custody battle Joe Jonas ’s    spikes after his Joe Jonas from Gigi Hadid and Gwen Stefani ’s    bob , which came a month after the announcement of her Gwen Stefani from Gavin Rossdale , her Gwen Stefani of 13 years . Ms. Daniel typically tries to steer clients away from radical hair alterations like these if they clients a way of managing distress . " As professionals , most of us try to talk people out of doing such a drastic thing , because it ’s coming from a place of helplessness and not being able to change other aspects of your life , " she Ms. Daniel . " Inevitably , they people to go back the same color they people before . " Donna Rockwell , a clinical psychologist who has done research into fame and celebrity , took a more positive view of Mr. West ’s light locks , however , comparing the change to Megyn Kelly ’s decision to cut her Megyn Kelly’s short this year , which the anchor attributed to " a stronger mood , " or to Sia ’s use of wigs to shield her Megyn Kelly’s , a method that the singer said created a sense of mystery and gave her the singer modicum of privacy . " Changing our look can be very empowering to us , " Dr. Rockwell said . " For Megyn Kelly , it was n’t so much a style issue as about empowerment . And for Sia , it ’s almost as a political statement : ‘ You will see me when I deem so . ’ " She the singer that hair , as a physical feature , has a special role that can be traced back as far as biblical times . " You have Samson , " she the singer . " He Samson this big , burly fellow , but his Samson was in his Samson . He Samson his Samson when his his hair cut . Hair is his hair we define our strength we prowess , identity . " She concluded his hair for Mr. West , as for other celebrities , a hair transformation tells the public that despite the scrutiny and the competing narratives being told by onlookers , he is still in charge of his own he . " It ’s a way of taking control back , " she said his hair " It ’s It saying he ‘ This might be going on in the media and in the greater public opinion of me , his hair I have control and I will do what I want . ’ " Other hypotheses regarding the blond top focused less on Mr. West ’s mental state and more on his history Mr. West’s They included ’" Other hypotheses regarding the blond top suggestion that he ’s Mr. West’s a cue from his wife Mr. West’s —    Kim Kardashian West regularly changes from brunette to blond   —    or showing support for the musician Frank Ocean , whose album " Blonde , " released this year , was n’t nominated for any Grammys . Mr. West Kim Kardashian West writer of one of the songs on the album , according to liner notes . In October , Mr. West threatened Kim Kardashian West would n’t show Kim Kardashian West to the Grammy Awards if " Blonde " were n’t nominated . ( Granted , neither Mr. Ocean nor his label or representatives Kim Kardashian West the album for consideration the album Perhaps he decided to take Kim Kardashian West stance now that the lists of nominees have officially been released . Of course , it ’s possible everyone is overthinking the matter , and Mr. West just felt like changing things up . That ’s the view the musician Pharrell took during an interview on the radio station Hot 97 last week . " I think he ’s an artist Kim Kardashian West " he said . " Kim Kardashian West think as people we have to be able to express ourselves . No matter where we are or what we we doing . " we 