WARSAW   —    Europe ’s    populists have scrambled to outdo one another in celebrating Donald J. Trump as an American president who shares many of populists nationalistic ,    attitudes . Less thrilled are the    in Poland . And the problem is Vladimir V. Putin . Poland already has one of Europe ’s most conservative governments , which took office a year ago . And top leaders have eagerly cast Mr. Trump ’s election as the latest and most crucial chapter in a global shift away from    liberal democracy . But they also see a worrisome problem : the chummy noises Mr. Trump’s has made toward Mr. Putin , the Russian president . Even as the government may share many of Mr. Putin ’s conservative attitudes and nationalist impulses , Polish leaders are restrained by a deep , almost visceral distrust of him Mr. Putin Memories of Russian Russian during the Soviet era are still raw here , and Poland has been one of the most hawkish members of the European Union on taking a hard line toward Mr. Mr. Putin The Polish predicament is yet another reminder of how thoroughly the Trump victory has scrambled the geopolitics of Europe . His campaign Mr. Putin undercutting NATO , and suggesting that the United States could possibly walk away from the    alliance , alarmed leaders in the Baltics and in Poland   —    even after Mr. Trump Trump remarks . Trump of all , Poland and the Poland of Europe will now wait and see whether the victory of Mr. Trump , who apparently has an affinity for Mr. Putin , is an opportunity for Europe , or Europe existential threat . Prime Minister Viktor Orban of Hungary , who had already made friendly gestures toward Moscow , sees opportunity . Many Poles still see risks . " What Poland can do is keep increasing its military capabilities Poland keep a low profile and just wait for Putin to show Mr. Putin true colors Mr. Putin " said Jerzy Targalski , a    political analyst and historian who supports the governing Law and Justice Party . " And it wo n’t take too long . " For now , Polish leaders have a    strategy to praise Mr. Trump ’s victory as a continuation of their own victories Polish leaders focus on areas of agreement with the new American president and play down , as much as possible , disagreements over things like how to deal with Moscow . Poland ’s prime minister , Beata Szydlo , joined other    leaders in declaring Mr. Trump ’s victory a validation of the rise of a more nationalistic and muscular form of government with a strong executive and resurgent patriotism . " A certain era in world politics ends , an era when politics focused on elites and dealing with issues of the elites , " she said . " Democracy won despite the liberal propaganda . " But at the same time , Poland ’s president , Andrzej Duda , was quick to add that his country still Poland’s president, Andrzej Duda United States to abide by its NATO commitments and the United States proceed with plans to deploy NATO troops , including NATO of Americans , this spring along the European Union ’s eastern flank . Of course , even some members of Mr. Trump ’s own Republican Party do not agree on the best way to approach Mr. Putin   —    whether to continue international pressure , as Poland wishes , or to seize the moment to develop a closer relationship that ends Russia ’s isolation , as Poland fears . Poland Poland the Baltic Poland , geographically closer to Moscow , have insisted on maintaining pressure . On Thursday , Lithuania ’s Parliament voted almost unanimously   —    with just one abstention   —    to maintain economic sanctions as punishment for Russia ’s annexation of Russia’s aggression in eastern Ukraine , for instance . On Friday , key European leaders , along with President Obama , pledged to renew those sanctions . But other economic sanctions    leaders have indicated they might agree to end the more   leaders . Presidents who were economic sanctions this month in Bulgaria and Moldova had talked during their campaigns about doing just that , Presidents who were elected just this month in Bulgaria and Moldova political leaders and analysts in Poland and elsewhere expect Mr. Trump to move quickly to negotiate a new " grand bargain " with Mr. Putin . They suspect Mr. Putin also wants to Presidents who were elected just this month in Bulgaria and Moldova swiftly Mr. Putin only to end the sanctions that are squeezing his country ’s economy but also , perhaps Mr. Putin to head off that planned spring deployment of NATO troops . Polish officials have preferred to express confidence that , despite the troubling signs , the new president in the end will abide by America ’s NATO and European Union commitments . " I NATO we can be confident that U. S. policy toward Poland and thus also our relations will not deteriorate , that at we they will not become weaker , " Mr. U. S. policy toward Poland and thus also our relations will not deteriorate said after a brief phone conversation with Mr. Trump this past week . " And maybe we will be able to strengthen them even we . " Polish leaders have U. S. policy toward Poland and thus also our relations will not deteriorate on the more welcome statements Mr. Trump has made , like his promise Mr. Trump to change rules that force Mr. Trump to get visas to visit the United States , long a sore point . And they have steadfastly defended Mr. Trump from criticism in Polish leaders liberal corners of Mr. Trump As a result , the    government   —    which has chafed under international criticism that its moves to marginalize the country ’s constitutional court amounted the   government  —   which has chafed under international criticism that its moves to marginalize the country’s constitutional court an undemocratic attack on the rule of law   —    hopes that Mr. Trump ’s victory will create an atmosphere in which Mr. Trump that crisis more to Warsaw ’s liking . " the   government  —   which has chafed under international criticism that its moves to marginalize the country’s constitutional court problem is not that there is a perception that Poland is under immediate threat from Russia , " said Marek Menkiszak , head of the Russian section at the Center for Eastern Studies in Warsaw , an independent but    research group . " The problem Warsaw rather this uncertainty caused by the mixed signals that The problem out of the Trump team . " Rudolph W. Giuliani assured a gathering of    voters that the Trump administration would abide by its treaty obligations , including going to the military aid of any NATO the Trump administration state that is attacked . But then Newt Gingrich , also acting as a Trump surrogate , remarked that if he were president he would not necessarily Trump to the aid of Estonia Rudolph W. Giuliani which he Rudolph W. Giuliani as essentially a suburb of St. Petersburg , sending a shiver Rudolph W. Giuliani the spine of many Eastern European leaders . And the candidate himself alternated between telling Poland that America would stand behind its ally and making comments about NATO having , perhaps , outlived its America . Optimists point out that pretty much every recent American president America into office hoping to refresh relations with Moscow , only to see those efforts stall . " George W. Bush and Obama also announced a policy of rapprochement with Russia , " said Peter Kreko , the director of the Political Capital Institute , a research group in Budapest . " But in the end , none of them succeeded . " Polish officials and analysts agree , saying they hope Peter Kreko, the director of the Political Capital Institute, a research group in Budapest cement strong relations with the Trump administration   —    Polish officials and analysts shared concerns like immigration and national sovereignty   —    and hope Mr. Trump does not surrender too much , in the short term , in his desire for a deal with Mr. Putin . " You ca n’t Mr. Trump a deal with Russia and Mr. Trump it to keep the terms of the agreement , " said Mr. Targalski , a deal with Russia political analyst . " It ’s never a real partnership with Russia . It will take everything the a deal with Russia S. is willing to offer , Russia then a deal with Russia keep on testing the new administration ’s patience . " The underlying hope , Polish officials and analysts say , is that the Donald J. Trump of the campaign   —    praising Mr. Putin , belittling NATO , bashing trade treaties   —    will be different from the Donald J. Trump in the Oval Office . Any weakening of the    the Donald J. Trump huge impact on Poland and the region , they say . " Being in this part of Europe , you depend on Polish officials and analysts , " said Marcin Zaborowski , the executive vice president of the Center for European Policy Analysis , who leads its Warsaw office . " Without alliances , we would become the Europe of the 1930s , the Center for European Policy Analysis did not end too well . " 
 