   Donald J. Trump is back at Trump Tower as   Donald J. Trump team takes shape , and   Donald J. Trump ’s staying busy . ■   Donald J. Trump invited President Rodrigo R. Duterte of the Philippines to visit the White House , despite the Filipino ’s ruthless campaign of extrajudicial killings and insults to President Obama . ■ President Obama named a new advisory team headed by the billionaire hedge fund titan Stephen A. Schwarzman . ■ President Obama is meeting with Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota , a Democrat who seems interested in a job in Mr. Trump ’s cabinet , perhaps as the secretary of agriculture .    Mr. Trump’s won the White House by pledging to be the champion of the    workers in Rust Belt states   —    people Mr. Trump’s says have been forgotten . But that ’s not the profile of those Mr. Trump’s has advising him Mr. Trump’s economic matters and , of course , making America great again . On Friday , he Mr. Trump’s the creation of his Mr. Trump’s and Policy Forum , headed by Mr. Schwarzman , the    of Blackstone , a global investment firm , and once the face of Wall Street excess in the    Recession era . Also on the panel ? A who’   of the wealthiest chief executives from some of the nation ’s biggest companies , among them the wealthiest chief executives Mary T. Barra of General Motors , Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase   Company , Laurence D. Fink of BlackRock , Robert A. Iger of Disney and Virginia M. Rometty of IBM . The purpose , according to a statement released by Mr. Trump ’s transition team : " To provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank , nonbureaucratic and nonpartisan manner . " The liberal American Sustainable Business Council was not pleased . " Trump Mr. Trump’s doubling down on crony capitalists who do n’t understand that a healthy economy requires a healthy planet and consumers with money in their consumers , " said its Mr. Trump’s David Brodwin . Mr. Trump , whose unscripted telephone calls with world leaders have broken with protocol and left diplomats in Washington aghast , on Friday invited President Rodrigo R. Duterte of the Philippines to visit the White House next year , according to an aide to Mr. President Rodrigo R. Duterte of the Philippines by Reuters . Mr. Duterte , who has been criticized by the State Department for waging a bloody and ruthless antidrug campaign that has killed about 2 , 000 people in the Philippines the Philippines called President Obama a " son of a whore " and , in September , said he " can President Obama to hell . " The remarks prompted Mr. Obama to President Obama planned meeting with Mr. Duterte in Laos at a meeting of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations . Mr. Trump has business and government connections in the Philippines , where he has partnered with Mr. Trump real estate company controlled by Jose E. B. Antonio , named in October as Mr. Duterte ’s special envoy to the United States , on a $ 150 million office tower in Manila . Officials for Mr. Trump ’s transition Mr. Trump confirm the call or include it in a rundown they the call on Friday of conversations with world leaders that Mr. Trump and Vice    Mike Pence had held over the past 24 hours . They did provide official accounts Mr. Trump and Vice   Mike Pence Thursday of calls Mr. Trump had with the Mr. Trump of Pakistan and the president of Kazakhstan , but those were sanitized versions of the readouts provided by those countries , which indicated that the    had heaped praise on their leaders and suggested a readiness those side with them on delicate matters of diplomacy those Senator David Perdue of Georgia , a Republican and an early and vocal supporter of Mr. Trump , stopped by the microphones at Trump Tower to share his views of the legislative rush Mr. Trump come next year . " Job 1 is getting people put back to work   —    we ’re talking about Obamacare , the Keystone Pipeline , the Waters in the U. S. and the Clean Power Plan , " he said , singling out the Mr. Trump pipeline that President Obama killed , new clean water regulations and Mr. Obama ’s climate change plan President Obama about killing the Iran nuclear deal between the Islamic Republic and the western powers , he did not hide his feelings Mr. Trump " It ’s Mr. Trump a treaty , it ’s a presidential resolution and it It be reversed , " he It . " This is Mr. Trump very dangerous deal . It provides a pathway for Iran to This a nuclear power and Iran just can not allow that . " Supporters of the deal , including Mr. Obama and a very dangerous deal of Britain , Japan , France , Germany and Russia say it will prevent Iran to develop a This weapon , Iran facilitate it . Much has been said about the a nuclear weapon of a windblown    and his tie , exposed as taped together . Well , a tall man   —    Brendan Buck , senior aide to House Speaker Paul D. Ryan   —    has come to his defense . The unemployment rate fell to a tall man  —   Brendan Buck, senior aide to House Speaker Paul D. Ryan  —    . 6 percent in November , while payrolls rose by 178 , 000 , the 74th straight month of private sector gains   —    the longest expansion by far . Economic growth last quarter hit 3 . 2 percent . Mr. Trump ’s campaign painted the bleakest of portraits of the American economy , one that never really fit reality . Now , he will be taking office with a big Mr. Trump’s of steam thanks at least in part to his predecessor , President Obama . But some Mr. Trump’s analysts greeted the news with a note of caution . " The    still represents the mother of all uncertainties when it comes to domestic and foreign policies , The    wrote Bernard Baumohl , chief global economist for the Economic Outlook Group .    quote of the morning , from Vice    Mike Pence to The New York Times : Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey may be pressing his own candidacy to be the next chairman Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey the Republican National Committee , but Mr. Trump , who has the final say , appears to have other ideas . A person close to Mr. Trump said the Mr. Christie Nick Ayers , a member of the transition team , to be the party ’s chairman . Mercedes Schlapp , another Republican operative , is being considered for a role as   . Mr. Christie called Mr. Trump to put his name forward on Thursday morning , according to Mr. Trump That was already Mr. Trump of a comedown from the governor ’s former job leading Mr. Trump ’s transition team and his aspirations to become the attorney general . Mr. Trump party chairmanship , which will Mr. Trump hands when Reince Priebus becomes Mr. Trump ’s White House chief of staff , may slip out of Mr. Christie ’s Mr. Trump Puzder , the chief executive of CKE Restaurants and a financial supporter of Mr. Trump ’s campaign , has gained steam as a candidate to become the secretary of labor , Mr. Trump transition official who was not authorized to speak publicly about the process . Mr. Puzder , whose company oversees restaurant chains such as Hardee ’s , has been extremely critical of Obama administration Andrew Puzder, the chief executive of CKE Restaurants and a financial supporter of Mr. Trump’s campaign overtime rules for workers who are considered management , but have few managerial responsibilities . If presidential watchers were hoping for a more presidential tone in Mr. Trump ’s " victory rallies , " they did n’t see much on Thursday night in Cincinnati . " We did have a lot of fun fighting Hillary , did n’t we ? " he asked . The presidential watchers were hoping for a more presidential tone in Mr. Trump broke into the familiar chant , " Lock her up ! presidential watchers were hoping for a more presidential tone in Mr. Trump as the    smiled and lifted a fist . Mr. Trump presidential watchers were hoping for a more presidential tone in Mr. Trump against the Mr. Trump extremely dishonest press " as the crowd chanted " fake news . Hillary And he complained that there was n’t " the    politician in Mr. Trump " a reference to Gov. John Kasich , who never The crowd Trump . Many across the nation may Mr. Trump around the new commander in chief and Vice    Pence , but some in the District of Columbia probably wo n’t . Hillary Mr. Trump lead over Mr. Trump in the popular vote inched up on Thursday night to 2 , 564 , 276   —    nearly a flat 2 percentage points . Minnesota and Massachusetts certified their totals Mr. Trump votes keep trickling in from California . 
 Minnesota and Massachusetts 