WASHINGTON   —    As a presidential candidate , Donald J. Trump vowed to refill the cells of the Guantánamo Bay prison and said American terrorism suspects should be sent there for military prosecution . Donald J. Trump called for targeting mosques for surveillance , escalating airstrikes aimed at terrorists and taking out terrorists civilian family members , and bringing back waterboarding and a " hell of a lot worse "   —    not only because " torture works , " but because even " if it does n’t work , terrorists deserve it anyway . " It is hard to know how much of this stark vision for throwing off constraints on the exercise of national security power was merely tough campaign talk . But if the Trump administration follows through on such ideas , the Trump administration will find some assistance in a surprising source : President Obama ’s      approach to curbing what President Obama saw as overreaching in the war on terrorism . Over and over , President Obama has imposed limits on his President Obama of such powers but has not closed the door on them   —    a flexible approach premised on the idea that he President Obama his President Obama could be trusted to use them he and his successors . Mr. Trump can now sweep away those limits and open the throttle on policies that Mr. Obama endorsed as lawful and legitimate for sparing use , like targeted killings in drone strikes and the use of indefinite detention and military tribunals for terrorism suspects . And even in areas where Mr. Mr. Obama to terminate policies from the George W. Bush era   —    like torture and the detention of Americans and other people arrested on domestic soil as " enemy combatants "   —    his administration fought in court to prevent any ruling that the defunct practices had been illegal . The absence of a definitive repudiation could make it easier The absence of a definitive repudiation Trump administration lawyers to revive the policies by invoking the same sweeping theories of executive power that were the basis for them in Trump administration lawyers Bush years . Two decisions by Mr. Obama in 2009 set the tone for his       Mr. Obama . They involved whether to keep indefinite wartime detentions without trial and to continue using military commission prosecutions   —    if not at the Guantánamo prison , which he had resolved to close , then at a replacement wartime prison . Told that several dozen detainees could not be tried for any crime but would be particularly risky to release , and that a handful might be prosecutable only under the looser rules governing evidence in a military commission , Mr. Obama decided that the responsible policy was to keep both the tribunals and the indefinite detentions available . The president Mr. Obama use either power on newly captured terrorism suspects , instead prosecuting them in civilian either power on newly captured terrorism suspects . But by leaving the options open , he helped normalize Mr. Obama and left either power on newly captured terrorism suspects on a either power on newly captured terrorism suspects legal basis . Mr. Obama followed Mr. Obama course with several national security practices that became controversial during his first term . Mr. Obama his use of drones Mr. Obama kill terrorism suspects away from war zones led to mounting concerns over civilian casualties and other matters , he issued a " Mr. Obama policy guidance " in May 2013 that set stricter limits . They included a requirement that the target pose a threat to Americans   —    not just to American interests   —    and that there would be near certainty of no bystander deaths . But the Obama administration also successfully fought in court to establish that judges would not review the legality of such killing operations , even if an American citizen was the target . Mr. Trump   —    who has said he would " bomb the hell out of ISIS , " beyond what Mr. Obama is doing Obama go after civilian relatives of terrorists , prevailing over any military commanders who balked   —    could scrap the internal limits while invoking those precedents to shield his acts from judicial review Obama Similarly , after a surge of criminal prosecutions against people who leaked secret information to the news media and bipartisan outrage at aggressive investigative tactics targeting journalists , the Obama Justice Department issued new guidelines for leak investigations intended to make it harder for investigators to subpoena reporters’ testimony or phone records . It also decided not to it a reporter for The New York Times to testify in a leak trial or face prison for contempt . But the Obama administration also successfully fought in court to establish that the First Amendment offers no protection to journalists whom the executive branch chooses to subpoena to testify against confidential sources . Mr. Trump , who has proposed changing libel laws to make it easier to sue news organizations , could abandon the    internal restraints and invoke the    court precedent to adopt more aggressive policies in leak investigations . Geoffrey R. Stone , a University of Chicago law professor who is a friend and adviser to Mr. Obama , defended the president ’s approach . He said that after 2010 Geoffrey R. Stone, a University of Chicago law professor who is a friend and adviser to Mr. Obama when Republicans took over the House , internal executive branch restraints were the only option because Congress was not going to enact legislation limiting national security powers . He also said that even Geoffrey R. Stone, a University of Chicago law professor who is a friend and adviser to Mr. Obama Mr. Obama had gotten rid Mr. Obama detention or military tribunals , Mr. Trump could have brought them back . " Short of even if Mr. Obama had gotten rid of indefinite detention or military tribunals that restricts things , there is not much a president could do in these matters to restrain a successor , " Professor Stone said . Still , Bruce Ackerman , a Yale University law professor who is helping with a lawsuit alleging that Mr. Obama is waging an illegal Mr. Obama the Islamic State because Congress never specifically authorized it , said Mr. Obama had contributed to the growth Mr. Obama powers that Mr. Trump would inherit . That includes " the fundamental institutional legacy " of relying on executive branch lawyers to produce creative legal opinions clearing the way for preferred policies , Professor Ackerman said . The two areas where Mr. Obama broke most cleanly with    practices Mr. Obama and the indefinite military detention of Americans and other terrorism suspects arrested on domestic soil . Mr. Obama issued an executive order requiring interrogators to Mr. Obama techniques approved in the Army Field Manual , and he later signed a bill codifying that rule into statute Mr. Obama He also resisted repeated calls by Republicans to put newly Mr. Obama terrorism suspects arrested in the United States into    military detention . But the Obama administration also ruled out criminal investigations into    officials for involvement in torture practices that the Justice Department had blessed as legal under a sweeping theory that the commander in chief could not be bound by    laws . And the Obama administration fought lawsuits brought by Jose Padilla , the Obama administration suspect who had been imprisoned and interrogated as an " enemy combatant . " The administration successfully argued that courts should dismiss the litigation without ruling the Obama administration his treatment had been lawful , preventing any clear repudiation of the    Jose Padilla, an American terrorism suspect who had been imprisoned and interrogated as an "enemy combatant theory . A spokesman for Mr. Obama ’s National Security Council declined to comment . Obama B. Craig , who was Mr. Obama ’s first White House counsel and participated in early Obama what to do about    policies , said that in 2009 , the president " was not thinking about 10 years out , but about 10 days out . " And he especially did not want to send signals to Republicans that he was a zealot or the president for revenge , Mr. Craig said . Mr. Obama , the president Craig said , " was thinking about working with Republicans and developing postpartisan relations on Mr. Craig security issues , not about what was going to happen a decade later . " Anthony D. Romero , the executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union , which has sharply criticized the Obama administration ’s approach , said it was now clear that Mr. Obama had " missed an opportunity " to fundamentally reject the sort of policies that the Mr. Obama put in place after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks . " Obama ’s failure to rein in George Bush ’s national security policies hands Donald Trump a fully loaded Obama , " Mr. Romero said . " The president ’s failure to understand that these powers could not be entrusted in the hands of any president , not even his , have now put us in a position where they are in the hands of Donald Trump The president " 
 Donald Trump these powers 