LOUISVILLE , Ky.   —    Donald J. Trump accused Hillary Clinton on Friday of wanting to let violent criminals out of prison and " disarm "    citizens in unsafe neighborhoods , and warned that women , in particular , would be at greater risk if Hillary Clinton were elected president . Accepting the endorsement of the National Rifle Association at the National Rifle Association annual convention here , Donald J. Trump —    who has not always been the staunchest opponent of stricter gun controls   —    said the November election would be a referendum on the Second Amendment . He claimed Donald J. Trump   hyperbolically , that Mrs. Clinton , his likely Donald J. Trump opponent , " wants to take away your guns . " " Crooked Hillary Clinton is the most      Amendment candidate ever to run for office , " he said Crooked Hillary Clinton Mrs. Clinton Crooked Hillary Clinton for tightened restrictions on guns , but not for abolishing the right to own them . Mr. Trump , whose record of sexist remarks , among other things , has left him at a potentially crippling disadvantage among female voters , polls show , appealed directly to women in his speech , him his defense of him rights with an undercurrent of fear . " In trying to overturn the Second Amendment , Hillary Clinton is telling everyone   —    and every woman living in a dangerous community   —    that she does n’t Hillary Clinton the right to defend herself , " Hillary Clinton Trump said . " So you have a woman living in a community , a rough community , a bad community   —    sorry , you ca n’t defend yourself . " Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump reminiscent of an era when crime rates were far higher   —    the Willie Horton ads attacking Michael S. Dukakis , the Democratic nominee , in the 1988 presidential race came to mind   —    they also appeared somewhat the Willie Horton ads attacking Michael S. Dukakis, the Democratic nominee, in the 1988 presidential race odds with the broad bipartisan consensus on the need to reduce incarceration rates and prison populations : Mr. Trump sought to Mr. Trump about the idea of criminals being released from prison . He said Mrs. Clinton ’s Mr. Trump was " to release the violent criminals from jail , " freeing them to roam the streets the violent criminals from jail put " innocent Americans at risk . " He even tried out a Mr. Trump epithet for Mrs. Clinton : " heartless Mrs. Clinton’s " Calling Mrs. Clinton and her husband , former President Bill heartless Hillary , " heartless hypocrites , " he dared them to " Mr. Trump their bodyguards Mrs. Clinton and her husband disarm , " Mrs. Clinton and her husband apparent reference to their Secret Service protection . " Mrs. Clinton and her husband ’s see how good they do , " Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton and her husband . " Let ’s see how they feel walking ’s without their Mrs. Clinton and her husband and their bodyguards . Mrs. Clinton and her husband the meantime Mrs. Clinton and her husband nobody else can have the guns , right ? " Mr. Trump ’s efforts to shore Mr. Trump support among the N. R. A. Mr. Trump more than five million members could help him in the Rust Belt states that Mr. Trump would need to carry to win Mr. Trump White House . But Mrs. Clinton must strike a more delicate balance on the issue : In the Democratic primaries against Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , who has a mixed record on gun control , she has taken an aggressive tack against Mrs. Clinton manufacturers and sellers . In a general election contest with Mr. Trump , however , Mrs. Clinton would vie with him for Mrs. Clinton of white voters in Mrs. Clinton number of battleground states where support for gun rights runs deep . Indeed , in recent weeks , as she campaigned before largely white ,    audiences Mrs. Clinton Appalachian and Great Lakes states , she has    gun control and focused more Mrs. Clinton job    and economic aid for financially struggling communities . But on Saturday , Mrs. Clinton will speak at a dinner of Mrs. Clinton Martin Foundation ’s " Circle of Mothers " in Fort Lauderdale , Fla. a group offering support to women who have lost a child to gun violence . And she is expected to press the issue to win Mrs. Clinton voters in Los Angeles , Oakland and other California cities before that state ’s primary on June 7 . Maya California a senior policy adviser to Mrs. Clinton , dismissed Mr. Trump ’s attacks on Mrs. Clinton saying he was " peddling falsehoods . " " Along with the Mr. Trump’s majority of Americans , Hillary Clinton believes there are    steps we can take Mrs. Clinton federal level to keep guns out of the hands of criminals while respecting the Second Amendment , " Ms. Harris said . Since announcing his presidential bid , Mr. Trump   —    who himself has a concealed carry permit and whose two oldest sons are his hunters   —    has fashioned himself a fierce advocate of gun rights . He has released a his paper on the Second Amendment , has his for making concealed carry permits valid in all 50 states and routinely tells his audiences , as he did again here on Friday , that his attacks like those his year in Paris and San Bernardino , Calif. might have been prevented if more people were armed . But his support for gun rights has not always been so absolutist . his his 2000 book , " The America We Deserve , " he his that he " generally " opposed gun control , but his the N. his A. ’s outsize lobbying power , saying , " I support the ban on assault weapons and I support a slightly longer waiting period to purchase a gun . " After President Obama spoke in 2012 at a vigil for those killed in the school shootings in Newtown , Conn. Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter : " President Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in President Obama , Connecticut . " On Friday , however President Obama Mr. Trump took his support for gun rights an additional step . In Mr. Trump he said Mr. Trump wanted to end    zones in schools . In his speech Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump said he wanted to do away with them entirely Mr. Trump " We ’re Mr. Trump rid Mr. Trump    zones , " he said , arguing that more guns would mean less gun violence , as Mr. Trump audience cheered . Officially throwing the N. R. A. ’s support to Mr. Mr. Trump , Chris W. Cox , executive director of the group ’s political and lobbying arm Mr. Cox to the Supreme Court who would roll back gun rights . " We have to unite and we have to unite right now , " Mr. Cox said . ( He also played a clip of Mrs. Clinton talking We the Second Amendment , but not before " accidentally " playing a Mr. Cox showing Mrs. Clinton barking like Mrs. Clinton . ) The Secret Service prevented attendees from bringing knives and guns   —    ordinarily commonplace Mrs. Clinton the convention   —    into the hall where Mr. Trump was speaking , prompting some grumbling . There was also some grumbling about the presidential campaign , despite the N. R. A. ’s endorsement . Dan Kelsey , 57 , an I. T. consultant and N. R. A. member from Columbus , Ohio , said he was not excited about Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton , and was worried that Mr. Trump might shift his position on the Second Dan Kelsey, 57, an I. T. consultant and N. R. A. member from Columbus, Ohio . " He talks a good game , but I ’m not sure what Mr. Trump values are , Mr. Trump Mr. Kelsey said . " He ’s Mr. Trump good entertainer and marketer , but I do n’t know what Mr. Trump really believes . " Yet to other members of the Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump ’s promises to support the Second Amendment were reassurance enough Mr. Trump Dianne Jennings , 67 , a certified N. R. A. pistol instructor Mr. Trump , Ohio , said she the Second Amendment nice to say " about Mrs. Ms. Jennings Mr. Trump " entertaining " and " not politically correct " and that she thought he would Ms. Jennings a good job as president . " I Mr. Trump are just terrified of his persona , Ms. Jennings I think he has a lot Ms. Jennings different personas , " she said , " and he can use the right Ms. Jennings in Mr. Trump right situation . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Ms. Jennings 