Maureen Dowd : You have gorgeous stuff in your house in White Plains , but you do n’t entertain . André Leon Talley : Confirm . You do n’t like it when Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski dress like twins . Confirm . You once advised me to get shoes the color of the skin of a Vidalia onion . Confirm . You worked for Andy Warhol at Interview magazine . Andy Warhol was the weirdest person you ever met . Deny . Andy Warhol was normal to Andy Warhol . Anna Wintour has never worn a ponytail . Confirm . You ’ve never been romantically involved with a designer . Oh , confirm . You own a thousand    caftans . Deny . I have more than 10 and less than 50 . Listen , I ’m not Marie Antoinette . You do n’t believe couples should sleep in the same bed . Confirm . couples really should be in different apartments in the same city . If you could have any friend in the world , you ’d pick Judge Judy . Confirm . You watch seven hours a day of MSNBC . Confirm . You touched Vivien Leigh ’s green velvet dress from " Gone With the Wind . " And did I ! Confirm . Was Queen Elizabeth hot ? Confirm . Queen Elizabeth was very stylish in the ’60s . Queen Elizabeth had a fabulous figure , fabulous waist and big bosoms , and Queen Elizabeth looked good in Queen Elizabeth clothes . Was Princess Margaret sexy ? Deny . Except the actress who plays Queen Elizabeth in " The Crown , " when Queen Elizabeth ’s galloping on Queen Elizabeth horse to Peter Townsend with Queen Elizabeth trench coat flying behind . Except for kilts , skirts for men , like Marc Jacobs made , are never coming back . Confirm . Your biggest regret is not writing the definitive biography about Yves Saint Laurent . Confirm . You ’ve never been in love with a man , only a woman . Confirm . Your ideal of a hot guy is Bruce Springsteen . Deny . It ’s Will Smith . When you ran the Russian magazine Numéro Russia , you thought you could change Russian politics . Deny . Michelle Obama is the best dressed first lady of all time . Confirm . Anna Wintour will love the fashion of the Trump presidency . Deny . You thought it was a brilliant move when Trump    the back of Trump    tie to keep it in place . Confirm . You can also have an instant    by    your temples . Amal Clooney snubbed you at the Met Gala . Confirm . Trump is going to bring back boxy suits and long ties . Deny . Ivanka is a fashion icon . Deny . Oscar de la Renta designed your bed . Confirm . You brushed Valentino ’s pug ’s teeth . That is so not true ! Deny . You were blurred out of the Kim and Kanye wedding episode on the Kardashian show . Confirm . It was an oversight . They did put me back in . You have Truman Capote ’s sofa in your house that you bought at an auction . Confirm . It ’s O. K. to wear a bandeau maillot to the office . Confirm . You crave a pair of sable boxer shorts to go with your    sable coat . Confirm . Sable underwear would go great with your   sable coat by Karl Lagerfeld for Fendi and would express a kind of sexuality that I would aspire to that does not exist . 
 