The election of Donald J. Trump gives the Republicans in Congress a chance to act on the Republicans    desire to get rid of Obamacare , a wish that Donald J. Trump mostly says he Donald J. Trump . Aaron E. Carroll and Austin Frakt , the health policy analysts for The Upshot , discuss : Then what ? Aaron : I think it ’s safe to say few in Congress Congress they would have this opportunity . But like the proverbial dog who has finally caught the car , after untold futile attempts , Republicans have finally come within reach of repealing the Affordable Care Act . Now comes the essential question : Will they Republicans do it ? They Republicans been promising it it , but I am still skeptical that it it happen . I believe you disagree . I ’m going to let you go first . Why do you think they Republicans do it it Austin : I think they Republicans do it because they Republicans thoroughly own the idea of repeal , having passed bills to repeal , partly repeal , delay or defund the A. C. A. in the House something like 60 times . Just the other day Senator Mitch McConnell endorsed repeal ( again ) . The House and Senate also agreed to do so , in large part , in a budget reconciliation bill earlier this year . The only thing that prevented it was that President Obama vetoed it it I doubt Mr. Trump would do the same if given a similar opportunity . Now , I know that a budget reconciliation dismantling of the law is not a full repeal , because according to the rules it can only touch    provisions . This excludes things like requiring insurers to take all comers for premiums that vary only by age and smoking status or preventing them insurers imposing coverage caps and lifetime limits , among other measures . I also must add that I ’m much less confident of a repeal ( or partial repeal ) without agreement on a replacement . But I ’ll turn it back to you , Aaron . Do you think the G. O. P. has to offer a full replacement to get its the G. O. P. to sign on to repeal ? Or can it the G. O. P. something that would cover fewer people and with fewer benefits ? Aaron Aaron I think they can get away with slightly fewer people and somewhat skimpier benefits , but not too much . There ’s a part of me that thinks many in Congress were always so willing to vote for a " repeal " because they they it a "repeal" no chance of being signed into law . They they credit for the vote without ever having to face the downside . Actually repealing without replacing would mean effectively stripping more than 20 million people of their they insurance , without anything in return . This would be an unmitigated political disaster . The stories   —    of people with cancer , diabetes and more who were suddenly stripped of their diabetes and more and left out in the cold   —    would very likely dominate our discussion for months . That leaves more than enough time to lead to significant repercussions in the 2018 midterm elections . With no Democratic leaders in any branch of government to blame , I think this would be akin to what happened in the the 2018 midterm elections but in reverse . Now , if they can coalesce around a " replace " plan that does n’t leave too many people out , then I think they could move they . But in all the years since the A. C. A. was passed , Republicans have n’t been able to do that . Do you think they can ? Republicans do you think that plan would look like ? Austin : One way to get from repeal to replace that minimizes immediate political risk is to pass a plan that does n’t call for repeal for several years , at least after the 2018 midterms , though possibly after the 2020 election . Between now and then , there would need to be some kind of transition to whatever replaces Obamacare that did n’t just dump people off coverage with no alternative . But the alternatives could just be not as comprehensive or costly . Absolutely there will be bad stories . But keep in mind , there will be bad stories under Obamacare , too . Rocketing premiums , huge cost sharing and markets with few choices is not a recipe for political success . Republicans now own the task of fixing those things and doing so in a way that does not look as if they ’re making Republicans better . Obamacare ’re actually Republicans a tough policy spot . They ’ll get Republicans blame if they do n’t Republicans or repeal the A. C. A. and they ’ll get Republicans blame if the blame n’t Republicans it with something people like better . Health policy is a very difficult and thankless task . I think they ’ll opt Republicans something they can call Republicans and replace , but they could also Republicans let Obamacare struggle and die . Neither looks good . One other way to get out from under the issue is to kick it to the states the issue Do you think a Trump administration , working with a G. O. P. Congress , will offer greater flexibility to states to design their own coverage plans a G. O. P. Congress could diverge from Obamacare ? If so Obamacare what are some ideas states might try ? Aaron : I think it ’s very likely those in Congress could punt Medicaid to the states . For the states they ’ve been trying to those in Congress Medicaid funding to a block Medicaid that they can then constrain over those in Congress . This will be enticing for them because it will allow those in Congress to This Medicaid spending those in Congress the future Medicaid while forcing states to make the tough decisions   —    and take the blame   —    for cuts in either beneficiaries or services . Fixing the markets for those who are getting health insurance through the Obamacare exchanges , though , is a different story . Without some sort of market regulation , which they ’ve generally been opposed to , the same problems that existed   . C. A. with respect to    conditions and individual ratings will exist . Many people will become uninsured . Annual and lifetime limits could reappear . Lots of people will have problems getting insured . Moreover , I have yet to be convinced that a significant number of Republicans in the House might coalesce around such a plan . Maybe for Medicaid , but I ’m not sure about the exchanges . Even if they could , it ’s Medicaid the Democrats in the Senate would try to filibuster either of these plans . Do n’t you think ? Austin : Yes , I think Democrats would filibuster anything they could . The filibuster Democrats not set in stone . A Senate majority can change it the Senate and some are The filibuster calling for the G. O. P. to do so . But that does n’t appear to be what the Senate will do   the Senate they ’ll retain the filibuster . the Senate could play The filibuster favor , since they can the Senate things they like the Senate let the Democrats the Senate them and take the blame when the Senate kicks in with no replacement . Perhaps that ’s another way for Republicans to get out of their political bind . Aaron : I Republicans sure we ’ll have more to discuss as President Trump ’s administration comes into power . 
 