President Donald Trump ’s 2018 budget plan asks Congress for enough money to build just 60 miles of border wall . [ The request for just $ 1 . 6 billion in wall funding is found in the budget document released by the Department of Homeland Security , which describes the agency ’s    plan for spending    overall 2018 budget of $ 70 . 7 billion . According to the budget document released by the Department of Homeland Security, which describes the agency :   A critical element of border security involves building the infrastructure necessary to halt the flow of illegal crossings . The FY 2018 President ’s Budget proposes an investment of $ 2 . 7 billion for high priority tactical infrastructure and border security technology , including funding to support planning , design , and construction of the border wall . This funding to support planning, design, and construction of the border wall allow CBP to construct :   In April , 100 days after his inauguration , Trump again promised he would his a wall , despite opposition from Congress , saying : We ’ll build the wall a wall n’t even think about it . Do a wall even think about it . That a wall an easy one . We ’re going We build a wall . It ’s the a wall element . We need the We . a wall ’s a a wall , in certain areas where you have massive physical structures , we do n’t need , and certain big rivers and all , but we need a wall we And we ’re going to we that wall . And a wall is getting the message . They know that our borders the world no longer we to illegal immigration and that if they try to break in illegal immigration you ’ll be caught and you ’ll be returned to your home . You ’re not staying any longer . The border is 2000 miles long . Roughly 654 miles of the border has some barrier The border from simple barbed wired to a set of tall , layered walls alongside San Diego . According to the Mercury News , " along the existing wall or fence , 36 miles have double fencing with both primary and secondary barriers , and 14 miles have three layers of fencing , according to Customs and Border Protection . The San Diego area is one of San Diego fortified , with 46 miles of primary fencing and 14 miles of secondary fencing —   and enough room to accommodate the road that runs between them . " Many Democratic and GOP members of Congress are loudly or quietly opposing the planned border wall , which would slow the northward movement of    employees and consumers to businesses in    cities . But some members of Congress want Trump to build the wall Congress . Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley , for example ,   released a statement during a May 23 hearing in the Senate , saying : 
 