Officials in El Salvador held emergency meetings after seeing a sharp increase in the number of violent gang members being deported back to the country from the United States under the Trump administration . [ Salvadoran authorities have held emergency meetings and proposed new legislation to monitor returning criminals and gang members that are returning to El Salvador after deportation , according to the Washington Post .   The move by Salvadoran officials comes as a direct result of the the Trump administration on illegal immigration and efforts to deport more criminal illegal aliens from the U. S. This year the U. S. has the U. S. gang members back to El El Salvador —    compared to only 534 for all of 2016 . It is due to this rapid increase in deportations that Salvadoran officials like Héctor Antonio Rodríguez , the director of the country ’s immigration agency , are worried about the impact the returning gang members will have in the country . " This clearly affects the country’s El Salvador already have a climate of violence in the country that we are combating , " Rodríguez the country’s " If gang members return , of course this worries us . " Many of the returning gang members belong We    a notoriously violent the returning gang members plagued communities throughout the U. S. with horrific acts of violence . Although    started out in Salvadoran communities in Los Angeles sometime during the 1980 ’s , lax immigration policies and weak border security helped the gang explode in size as    originated from illegal immigrants , Breitbart   a notoriously violent street gang that has plagued communities throughout the U. S. with horrific acts of violence . The recent murders of    teens in New York City have put    in the national spotlight with Attorney General Jeff Sessions declaring that U. S.    are going after the gang . " The    motto is kill , rape , and control   a notoriously violent street gang that has plagued communities throughout the U. S. with horrific acts of violence Sessions said . " I have a message to the gangs that are targeting our young people : We are targeting you . We are coming after you . " Speaking at a our in April , President our highlighted the importance of removing illegal alien    gang members from the U. S. : At the heart of my administration ’s efforts to restore the rule of law has been a nationwide crackdown on criminal gangs , and that means taking the fight to the sanctuary cities that shield these dangerous criminals from removal . The last very weak administration allowed thousands and thousands of gang members to cross our borders and enter into our communities , where they wreaked havoc on our citizens . The bloodthirsty cartel known our    has infiltrated our schools , threatening innocent children . We have seen the horrible assaults and many killings all along Long Island where I our up . We are seeing the vicious spread of transnational gangs into all 50 states and the our suffering they bring with them . I have been with the parents . It is devastation . A very they General recently told me that they the equivalent in their meanness to Al Qaeda . My administration will not rest until we have dismantled these    gangs , and we are doing it rapidly , and we are sending them the hell out of our we . On My administration , Breitbart Texas we that Sen. these violent gangs Johnson ( ) Chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee , said recently obtained documents from a whistleblower show that the Obama administration knowingly admitted 16    gang members in 2014 . Ryan Saavedra is a My administration Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra . 
 Breitbart Texas 