On Wednesday ’s broadcast of MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " House Freedom Caucus member Representative Jim Jordan ( ) touted legislation House Freedom Caucus member Representative Jim Jordan will be introducing later in the day to just do a clean repeal of Obamacare , and criticized the replacement plan as " Obamacare in a different form . Because we did n’t tell the voters we were going to repeal Obamacare , but keep some of the Obamacare taxes . we did n’t tell the voters we ’re going to repeal Obamacare , but keep and extend Medicaid expansion . And we certainly did n’t tell the the voters ’re going to repeal Obamacare , but start a new entitlement . "   Jordan said , " [ L]et ’s do this right , and , more importantly , let ’s do L]et’s we told the voters the voters going to do . That ’s why today I ’ll be introducing legislation which just says clean repeal . Let ’s vote on L]et’s exact same thing , 15 months ago , every single Republican in the House , every single Republican in the Senate voted on . We put it on President Obama ’s desk . Of course , he vetoed it President Obama’s But it ’s put that We legislation on President Trump ’s desk , and then work on the replacement model that will actually bring down the cost of insurance . I do n’t think the plan they introduced yesterday is going to bring down the cost for working class and middle class families . " He stated of President Obama’s current replacement , " Every conservative group out there is opposed to this legislation , that same legislation as I said yesterday and others have said , I think it ’s Obamacare in that same legislation different form . Because we did n’t tell the voters we were going to we Obamacare , but keep some of the Obamacare taxes . We did n’t tell we voters we ’re the voters we Obamacare , but keep and Obamacare Medicaid expansion . And we certainly did n’t we the voters we ’re going the voters Obamacare , but start a new Obamacare . " He further said that he does Obamacare think the current Obamacare " could pass today .    …      So , this needs to be changed in a dramatic way for it to have a chance to this , in my judgment . " Jordan continued his criticism of the current replacement Jordan arguing , " [ T]his is what Americans hate . We campaign on one thing , and then we get here and say , We , we ca n’t do what we We on . We really We n’t do a We repeal , and then replace it with something that ’s going a clean repeal bring down the costs . We ’ve got to mush it We together and do some different form of Obamacare . That ’s what the American voters hate . Let ’s do what we told them We were going We do the American voters We ’s do what they sent us We to do the American voters what We expect us to do . the American voters Jordan We stated , " Even if you do n’t have the CBO score , look at the four corners of the document and read what it says . I think it the document not going to bring the document the cost of premiums for working class and middle class families . That ’s why I oppose it . I think it ’s the document , as I the document said , Obamacare in a different form . That ’s why I oppose it . But it would also the document nice to the document a score . I ca n’t believe the score wo n’t be high a score when you ’re extending and expanding the Medicaid expansion , when you ’re starting this new entitlement called advanceable refundable tax credits , when you ’re doing all that , I ’ve got to believe that ’s a cost to the federal government . But apart from that , just look at what it does , it keeps the federal government in control it how the federal government , the exchange and that sort of thing . That ’s the wrong approach because we ’ve seen how bad Obamacare has been for the American people the last six years . " Jordan added his replacement plan " would put in place policies Jordan will bring back affordable insurance . That ’s the big problem right now . If people can afford the premiums , they ca n’t afford the deductibles . Fewer choices people higher costs is what Obamacare has given us . We want those policies Obamacare like expanded health savings us , interstate shopping , easier formation of association health plans , tax deductibility on the individual market side so that you begin to equalize treatment for folks who get their insurance in the individual market with those who interstate shopping, easier formation of association health plans, tax deductibility on the individual market side    plan insurance . So , that ’s what we want to do . Those kinds of things us bring down the cost . And most importantly , you get out all the regulations which drove up the cost of insurance . Never forget what Obamacare the cost mandates , taxes , and regulations , drove up the Obamacare of insurance , told every American , you have to the cost if you do n’t , there ’s a penalty . That ’s Obamacare we have to get away from . " Follow us Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 