House GOP leadership told members of the House of Representatives on Wednesday evening that the House of Representatives will vote on a revised version of the American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) on Thursday . [ The announcement comes after a tumultuous process for the bill , which has seen previously scheduled votes pulled after Speaker Paul Ryan failed to accumulate enough Republican support on prior attempts to pass the the House will vote on a revised version of the American Health Care Act (AHCA) on Thursday   House Freedom Caucus chairman Rep. Mark Meadows ( ) stepped up and helped negotiate , with Tuesday Group    Rep. Tom MacArthur ( ) a revised version of the bill the House will vote on a revised version of the American Health Care Act (AHCA) on Thursday dubbed the MacArthur amendment —   that revived the effort and collected presumably enough Republican votes to pass the bill . the House will vote on a revised version of the American Health Care Act (AHCA) on Thursday in no small part seem to have succeeded where Ryan failed , rallying his House Republican colleagues Ryan House Freedom Caucus    campaign promise to repeal and replace Obamacare —   despite the fact this bill does n’t the House will vote on a revised version of the American Health Care Act (AHCA) on Thursday full repeal of the previous president ’s signature law . Vice President Mike Pence , White House chief of staff House Freedom Caucus , and others have worked alongside congressional Republicans , especially Meadows —   who has emerged as a force in the negotiating process so strong some have begun calling him the acting speaker of the House in the wake of Ryan ’s failures —   to bring the new bill to the brink of passage . Vice President Mike Pence visited the Capitol building Wednesday afternoon to reassure lawmakers about the Obamacare repeal bill . At the Capitol this afternoon for various Capitol health care and other important issues with @SeemaCMS   @SecPriceMD . pic . twitter .    —    Vice President Pence ( @VP ) May 3 , 2017 ,   Meadows , in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News , commended the actions of President Donald Trump , Vice President Mike Pence , and Congressman Tom MacArthur for bringing the Obamacare repeal package this close to passage . He said : Not only have we Congressman Tom MacArthur good progress , we have to get give a good we out to Tom MacArthur and the President and the Congressman Tom MacArthur for their efforts in the last couple of weeks Tom MacArthur and the President and the Vice President It would be a mistake to suggest that had Tom MacArthur , the President , and the Tom in this the Vice President we would not have the options now for everyone we consider . Tom has worked closely hard with Energy and Commerce Chairman Greg Walden and the committee to make sure that what we do is keeping in line with repealing and replacing Obamacare and drives down premiums and keeps    conditions . Meadows told Breitbart News , " I fully expect that we will repeal most aspects of Obamacare by the end of May. It may have Breitbart News a deterrent in the first Obamacare days , but by the end of the first 120 days or so it will be seen as a significant accomplishment . It ’s not how you start It it ’s how you finish , as the It used to say . We will It an excellent finish . " 
 Breitbart News 