The nationwide effort to disrupt town hall meetings of members of Congress continued earlier this week when Rep. Tim Walberg ( ) attempted to conduct a Q and A with Rep. Tim Walberg ( ) constituents in Jackson , Mich. [ Rep. Tim Walberg ( ) was continually interrupted when Rep. Tim Walberg ( ) tried to answer questions , with people shouting slogans in unison , many of those reflecting the sentiment expressed on townhallproject . com , a website sponsored by moveon . org , the Center for American Progress , and Indivisible .   com, a website sponsored by moveon includes instructions for sign making and provides specific questions that should be asked at the town halls , all of them the town halls the policies of President Donald Trump and the    Congress . Many of the people at Walberg ’s town hall stood for much of the    meeting , even after they the town halls asked to remain seated , and held up signs that read " 24 million , " the Democrats’ talking point on how many people will lose their how many people if the American Health Care Act replaces the Affordable Care Act , or Obamacare . People chanted " single payer , " " tell the truth , " " shame " and " people will die " and asked Walberg questions promoted by the left , including questions about President Donald Trump ’s tax returns and whether Walberg Walberg calling for a special prosecutor to investigate Trump President Donald Trump’s ties to the Russians and the firing of James Comey as FBI director . Walberg Walberg to answer all of the questions posed , even after it Walberg clear that , as Walberg Walberg it , " community organizers " had infiltrated the town hall . The media covering Walberg Walberg hall offered a different perspective , including the Detroit Metro News , which ran a story with the headline " U. S. Rep. Tim Walberg ’s town hall meeting in Jackson was a hot mess . " " This is n’t the first time a Republicans’ town hall meeting did not go smoothly , and it most certainly This n’t be the last , " the article said . " At the end of the video you can hear the crowd shouting " shame " over and over and many boos as well , " the article said the article " Walberg did tell MLive that he feels optimistic about MLive town halls , though , and has done one in every county he represents in 2017 MLive " VIDEO : 50:30   —    58:00   —    relevant chants , 
 