Sunday night ’s 89th Annual Academy Awards featured a bit that saw host Jimmy Kimmel walk a bevy of tourists inside the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles , where the Oscars were being held . One of those tourists , " Gary from Chicago , " has since become a social media sensation   —    but according to media reports , he is also a registered sex offender who was just released from prison . [ According to ABC Chicago , Gary Alan Coe was convicted of attempted rape and served more than 20 years in prison . Gary Alan Coe told the outlet that Gary Alan Coe was released from prison just three days before Gary Alan Coe posed for pictures with Denzel Washington and kissed Nicole Kidman ’s hand in the front row at the Academy Awards .   Coe , a    " Chicago boy , " was accompanied to Sunday ’s ceremony by Gary Alan Coe fiancée , Vickie Vines . After Vines told Kimmel that Kimmel favorite actor was Denzel Washington , the ABC funnyman enlisted the    actor to officiate the couple ’s wedding live   . " I now pronounce you husband and wife , " Washington said as the audience burst into applause . " Kiss the bride . " Watch Denzel Washington two of Jimmy Kimmel ’s surprise guests at the # Oscars . pic . twitter .    —    Hollywood Reporter ( @THR ) February 27 , 2017 ,   Coe said since leaving prison he ’s Coe the love of his life Coe forgiveness through faith . " Change is possible . It ’s a sad day to be in prison for 20 years and not be able to be a dad , granddad to your children . You know what my son told me today , man , and I almost come to tears . He said my son ’s my son of me . my son to hear your children your children they ’re proud your children me means the my son to me , " my son said . The     became a social media sensation after his Oscars appearance The     He ’s been The     free admission to a Chicago Bull basketball game and free food from a local Chicago pizza restaurant . Gary from Chicago ! We Chicago got you covered if you want to come to a game ! # Oscars ,   —    Chicago Bulls ( Chicago ) February 27 , 2017 ,   If anyone knows who # garyfromchicago is , have him tweet us The     we We to We him some pizza The     # Oscars ,   —    Gino ’s East ( @ginoseast ) February 27 , 2017 ,   It was n’t immediately clear whether Oscars organizers knew about Coe ’s prison time . According to Page Six , Jimmy Kimmel Live ! canceled Coe ’s scheduled Coe on the show Monday night , though a producer was reported to have told him the cancellation a producer due to a timing issue . Many of the stars at Sunday night ’s ceremony have been critical of President Donald Trump ’s immigration policy , including his order temporarily President Donald Trump’s immigration from seven    Middle Eastern countries , which has since been blocked by the 9th Circuit Court . The order would his order temporarily prohibiting immigration from seven   Middle Eastern countries, which has since been blocked by the 9th Circuit Court suspended the U. S. Refugee Admissions Program for 120 days , which in turn would have prohibited the arrival of refugees into the United States during that period while the refugee vetting process was being reviewed . A number of celebrities at the Oscars   —    including Loving actress Ruth Negga and Moana songwriter    Miranda   —    wore ACLU ribbons on their dresses and tuxedos A number of celebrities at the Oscars  —   including Loving actress Ruth Negga and Moana songwriter   Miranda  —    show their opposition to Trump A number of celebrities at the Oscars  —   including Loving actress Ruth Negga and Moana songwriter   Miranda  —    policies . Sunday ’s    awards show featured a number of    mistakes , including the use of a photograph of a living person during the " In Memoriam " segment and the    Best Picture   .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 