After President Donald Trump described former President Barack Obama as a " sick guy , " the former president ’s loyal team rose in unison to defend the former president . [ former President Barack Obama ’s office quickly asserted that the former president had a " cardinal rule " not to interfere with investigations led by the Department of Justice .   " Enough said , " wrote former White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett , sharing the statement on Twitter . Trump ’s accusations clearly triggered a nerve among former former President Barack Obama staffers , as many of them former Obama staffers their former Obama staffers battling back the suggestion that their former Obama staffers engaged in shady tactics to take down Trump Trump’s former President Barack Obama ’s former foreign policy spokesman Ben Rhodes sprang into action on Twitter Twitter directing a series of challenges to Trump Trump’s . " No President can order a wiretap . Those restrictions were put in place to protect citizens from people like you , " he wrote former foreign policy spokesman Ben Rhodes Twitter Twitter challenging Trump . Trump’s also former foreign policy spokesman Ben Rhodes Trump ’s Trump’s a lawyer could make a case that Obama was wiretapping his phones . former foreign policy spokesman Ben Rhodes No . They could n’t his phones Only a liar could do that , " he replied . former foreign policy spokesman Ben Rhodes appeared disturbed that the pundits had lauded Trump ’s speech Trump’s earlier in the week , suggesting that they were part of the problem and shaming them for their assessment they " they Pundits who lauded his speech . Is Rhodes still ‘ presidential’ to call your dignified predecessor ‘ Bad ( or sick ) guy ! ’ " he asked . Rhodes Rhodes who famously bragged about creating an " echo chamber " to sell the Iran nuclear deal to the public , was deep in the process of creating a new one as Trump ’s claims rocketed through the news . " This is n’t a campaign anymore . WH needs to explain what ’s going on with these repeated blatant lies about a matter of justice and natsec , " he wrote . " WH ’s lying no WH what ‘ 3 people with direct knowledge’ say . This is n’t he said    he WH . Obama    not order a wiretap . That is a fact . " " This seems ‘ nutts,’ " Obama Obama David Axelrod Obama in on Twitter . " Frantic way in which Donald Trump is kicking up dust only adds to suspicions and the need for full public reckoning . If there were the wiretap Donald Trump loudly alleges , such an Donald Trump would only have been OKed by a court for a reason . " Former Obama speechwriters Jon Lovett and Jon Favreau Obama who recently launched a " Crooked Media " left wing media outlet , immediately launched a series of snarky messages on Twitter . " They said Trump was presidential on Tuesday , Former Obama speechwriters Jon Lovett and Jon Favreau, who recently launched a "Crooked Media" Lovett Donald Trump on Twitter . " Nixon got Jon Lovett at night Twitter Trump wakes up angry . " He directed Donald Trump angry followers on Twitter to Donald Trump members Donald Trump Congress . " Twitter also to direct your anger at the Republicans in Congress who have enabled and apologized for this Congress devious moron , " he wrote . Obama former senior adviser Dan Donald Trump also questioned Republicans for their failure to denounce Trump ’s accusations . Republicans Have any elected Donald Trump the courage to speak out against Trump ’s deeply , deranged tweets this morning ? Donald Trump he asked . Other Obama staffers were still reacting Obama former senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer initial accusations . Obama Jesus , I ca n’t sleep until 8 am on Saturday anymore ? " complained Favreau‏ on Twitter on Saturday . After Obama ’s statement was released , Saturday asserted that Obama president never denied any wiretapping of Trump Tower , suggesting that Trump was guilty . " I ’d be careful about reporting that Obama said there was no wiretapping . Statement just said Obama neither he nor the WH ordered it , " he wrote Favreau Other staffers reacted with incredulity . " Favreau would Obama decide close out his presidency by illegally wiretapping a Obama that everyone thought Obama going to lose in a landslide ? " questioned Tommy Vietor , Obama ’s former National Security Council spokesman . Citing a Obama from CNN ’s Jake Tapper asserting that Trump ’s claim came from a Breitbart News story , Vietor added,"Jake confirms what we all assumed . Trump shares conspiracies with all the forethought of your crazy Trump on Facebook . " Favreau quickly slipped into gallows humor as the afternoon wore on . " By tomorrow morning , the party line will be that Obama personally bugged Trump Tower while disguised as the cable guy , " he wrote , and added , " I just learned Favreau Trump robbed a bank . And I have exactly as Trump evidence for that claim as Trump does that Obama tapped his phone . " " Trump birtherism is Obama a Obama strategy , " Rhodes replied , citing Favreau ’s tweet . On Sunday , former White House press secretary Josh Earnest went on ABC ’s This Week to deny the allegations and raise more questions about Trump ’s involvement in Russia . " The bigger the scandal , the more outrageous the tweet , " he said as he joined the show with Martha Raddatz former White House press secretary Josh Earnest Earnest stoked former White House press secretary Josh Earnest fires of speculation surrounding Trump ’s campaign communications with the Russians . " It Trump’s like a Russian novel to try to keep up with all these conversations , " Earnest said , citing multiple incidents of Trump campaign officials coming Earnest contact with representatives of the Russian Trump’s . When pressed for details about the investigation , Earnest feigned ignorance , pointing out that he was " not Earnest " of any details but repeated Earnest Obama did not meddle with the investigation . " Here ’s the simple answer to that the investigation is , Martha , I do n’t know and it ’s not because I ’m no longer in government , " he said . " The fact is , the Russian government when I Earnest in government , I was not in a position of being regularly the Russian government on an FBI criminal or counterintelligence investigation . " But as the day wore on , the team appeared increasingly frustrated that Trump ’s narrative was taking hold . " Needs to be repeated : this is not he      it ’s    Obama did n’t do what Trump said . Trump he      about it and offered no proof , Trump Rhodes urged Trump Twitter . Trump [ F]or the MILLIONTH TIME , the White House does n’t interfere in independent investigations , " Favreau complained in response to the former United States director of National Intelligence ’s denial of the existence of a wiretap on Trump Tower in an interview on Meet the Press . The group , who maintained discipline during the Obama administration , appeared to enjoy their new found freedom to defend their boss and detract from his The group, who maintained discipline during the Obama administration . The squad began cynically The group, who maintained discipline during the Obama administration their own conspiracy theories with a thread of gallows humor . " The squad did you know and when did you know it about Trump lying about where Obama was born , when he founded ISIL , ordering wiretaps ? Obama Rhodes joked to Favreau Trump who promoted his upcoming podcast about the fiasco . Citing a claim from Trump Rhodes former campaign manager Cory Lewandowski , Rhodes mockingly added that Trump Easter Bunny and Tooth Fairy " joined Rhodes by listening into a meeting between the Russian ambassador and Sen. Obama Sessions . " Remember that time Valerie and I took the space shuttle to the moon to get the forged birth certificate ? " he wrote to Favreau and Feiffer . " Do you even know how Rhodes Mass voters I drove to NH on Election Day ? " replied Favreau , citing another one of Trump ’s claims of voter fraud . Favreau Do n’t tell anyone , but I worked with Ted Cruz ’s dad to kill JFK , " joked Feiffer . " My last act on the job was using massive amounts Feiffer Iranian invisible ink to make Trump inauguration crowds disappear , " Rhodes continued . 
 