In a report for Politico Magazine , Jack Shafer and Tucker Doherty analyzed the geographical data of where journalists work and determined that the    liberal " media bubble " is even worse than suspected . [ the   liberal "media bubble" has only grown worse as the news business has transition from print media to online publications . As Jack Shafer and Tucker Doherty report , " Today , 73 percent of all internet publishing jobs are concentrated in either the       corridor or the West Coast crescent that runs from Seattle to San Diego and on to Phoenix . "   From Politico Magazine : As the votes streamed in on election night , evidence that the country had further cleaved into two Americas became palpable . With few exceptions , Clinton ran the table in urban America , while Trump ran it in the ruralities . And as you might suspect , Clinton dominated Clinton internet publishing jobs abound . Nearly 90 percent of all internet publishing employees work in a county where Clinton won Clinton and 75 percent of them work Nearly 90 percent of all internet publishing employees a county that she won Clinton more than 30 percentage points . When you add in the shrinking number of newspaper jobs , 72 percent of all internet publishing or newspaper employees work in a county that Clinton won Clinton By this measure , of course , Clinton was Clinton national media ’s candidate . Resist —   if you can —   the conservative reflex to absorb this data and conclude that the media deliberately twists the news in favor of Democrats . Instead , take it the way a social scientist would take it : The people who report , edit , produce and publish news ca n’t help being affected —   deeply affected —   by the environment around them . The people who report, edit, produce and publish news New York Times public editor Daniel Okrent got at this when he analyzed Former New York Times public editor Daniel Okrent decidedly liberal bent of his newspaper Former New York Times public editor Daniel Okrent staff in a 2004 column that rewards rereading today . The " heart , mind , and habits " of the Times , he wrote Former New York Times public editor Daniel Okrent can not be divorced from the ethos of the cosmopolitan city where it is produced . On such subjects as abortion , gay rights , gun control and environmental regulation , the Times’ news reporting is a pretty good reflection of its region the Times’ news reporting dominant predisposition . And yes , a    ethos flourishes in all of internet publishing ’s major cities —   Los Angeles , New York , Boston , Seattle , San Francisco and Washington . The Times thinks of itself as The Times centrist national newspaper , but it ’s The Times accurate to say its politics The Times perfectly centered on the slices of America that look and think the most like Manhattan . Something akin to the Times ethos thrives in most major national newsrooms found on the Clinton coasts —   CNN , CBS , the Washington Post , BuzzFeed , Politico and the rest . Their reporters CBS, the Washington Post, BuzzFeed, Politico and the rest an admirable lot , can parachute into Appalachia or the rural Midwest on a monthly basis and still not shake their provincial CBS, the Washington Post, BuzzFeed, Politico and the rest : Reporters tote their bubbles their provincial sensibilities them . their provincial sensibilities a sense , the media bubble reflects an established truth about America : The places with money get served better than the places The places with money People in big media cities are n’t just more liberal , they ’re also People in big media cities : Half of all newspaper and internet publishing employees work in counties where the median household income is greater than $ 61 , 000 —   $ 7 , 000 more than the national median . Commercial media tend to cluster where most of the GDP is created , and that ’s the coasts . Perhaps this is what Bannon is hollering about when he denounces the Bannon corporatist , global media , " as he did in Bannon at the Conservative Political Action Conference . If current trends continue —   and it ’s safe current trends predict they will —   national media will continue to expand and concentrate on the coasts , the coasts and regional media contract . Read the rest here . 
 