Given the establishment media ’s focus on the " scandal " surrounding President Donald Trump and Donald Trump administration ’s contact with Russian officials , it is worth reminding Americans of the revelations involving Hillary Clinton and the Kremlin . [ 1 . Hillary Clinton approved the transfer of 20 percent of U. S. uranium to Russia and nine investors in the deal funneled $ 145 million to the Clinton Foundation .   While Hillary Hillary Clinton Department was one of eight agencies to review and sign off on the transfer of 20 percent of U. S. uranium U. S.   —      Russia Clinton herself was the only agency head whose family foundation received $ 145 million in donations from multiple people connected to the uranium deal , as the deal New York Times . 2 . Bill Clinton bagged Hillary Clinton , 000 for a Moscow speech paid for by a    bank while Hillary Clinton was Secretary Hillary Clinton . Former President Bill Clinton delivered Hillary Clinton and received a $ 500 , 000 speaking fee from a Moscow    bank , while his wife ’s State Department was getting ready Hillary Clinton sign off on the transfer of 20 percent of U. S. uranium to Russia . " And , in one case , a Russian investment bank connected to the deals paid money to Bill Clinton personally , through a     speaker ’s fee , " reported the New Yorker . 3 . Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman ’s Joule energy company bagged $ 35 Bill Clinton ’s Rusnano . Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman John Podesta sat on the executive board of an Bill Clinton Joule Unlimited , which received millions from a    Russian government fund . Podesta also owned " 75 , 000 common shares " in Joule Unlimited , which he Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta transferred to a holding company called Leonidio LLC . Podesta also failed to fully Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta his position on Joule Unlimited ’s board of directors and Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta it in his federal financial Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta , as required by law , before he became President his position on Joule Unlimited’s board of directors ’s Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta adviser in January 2014 . 4 .   Clinton Foundation Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta with State Dept . on Uranium Deal with Russia . Senior staffers inside Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign were warned by Clinton Foundation senior vice president Maura Pally that the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , Hillary Clinton Grassley ( ) was asking the Department of Justice to investigate the State Department approval of the sale of American uranium assets to a Russian company . The chain of emails proved the regular interaction between members of the Clinton campaign and senior staff at the Clinton Foundation . 5 . Hillary Clinton hid $ 2 . 35 million in secret donations from Ian Telfer , the head Clinton ’s uranium company . Ian Telfer , the head of the Russian government ’s uranium company , Uranium One , made four Ian Telfer, the head of Russia’s uranium company York Times reported . " Uranium One ’s chairman used his the Clinton Foundation make four donations totaling $ 2 . 35 million , " the Times reported . " the Clinton Foundation not publicly disclosed by the Clintons , despite an agreement Mrs. Clinton had struck Uranium One’s chairman the Obama White House to publicly identify all donors . Other people with ties the New York Times the New York Times made donations as well . " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson . 
 the Obama White House 