A small town in the southwest corner in rural Missouri is forever changing due to chain migration policies and an influx in refugees who have entered the U. S. over the last decade . [ In Noel , Missouri , some 500 to 600 Somali and Sudanese immigrants and refugees now live in the region of just more than 1 , 800 residents , as noted by USA Today in a piece highlighting the changing face of the area .   A particular Somali migrant quoted in the USA Today piece spoke about her father now trying to apply as a refugee in U. S. in order to move to Noel . On Thursday morning , inside a    apartment a block from Main Street ,     Bedel Kayd and Bedel Kayd     brother Saadiq sat quietly while finishing a bag of cheese puffs . With Abdullahi acting as translator , Abdullahi acting as translator, their mother, Mun Omer  —   a Somalian who arrived in the United States in October  —    mother , Mun Omer   —    a Somalian who arrived in the United States in October   —    said a Somalian who arrived in the United States in October  —    initially thought President Trump ’s executive order banning immigrants or visa holders from seven countries   —    Somalia , Sudan , Iraq , Iran , Libya , Syria and Yemen   —    for 90 days and refugees for 120 days meant refugees like her would have to return to refugees like her home countries . Trump ’s executive order bans refugees from Syria indefinitely . Omer said her was relieved , to a degree , to learn that her initial fear was n’t true . But the reality still does n’t bode well for her father , who is trying to come to America . Immigration expert Ira Mehlman with the Federation for American Immigration Reform ( FAIR ) said that while extended family chain migration is a " general bad policy , " Immigration expert Ira Mehlman with the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR) said the booming Somali and Sudanese populations in Noel were most likely due to Tyson Foods’    plant in the town . Tyson Foods’    provides about 1 , 600 jobs to Noel residents . The influx in refugees to the region has , however , cramped the local labor market . " These    companies undermine the union jobs , " Mehlman told Breitbart Texas . " They ’ve These   companies in illegal aliens and refugees , but essentially , they ’ve These   companies this to replace their unionized These   companies . It ’s a labor subsidy for the employers . " " There ’s a myth that illegal aliens are a source of cheap labor , " Mehlman continued Mehlman " It ’s cheap only to the direct employer . The rest of us have to pay for healthcare , education , and other social services . " Mehlman told Mehlman Texas that in areas similar to Noel , where corporate plants employ the majority of small town population , it is the companies that incentivize chain migration policies which already allow for spouses and unmarried children to come to the U. S. " In other places , it has been the employers that has created this phenomenon , " Mehlman said . " They prefer the employers that has created this phenomenon foreign workers over unionized employees . " Immigration groups like FAIR and NumbersUSA have been pushing President Trump ’s administration to reform chain migration policy , citing that it only chain migration policy to more illegal immigration . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on John Binder at @JxhnBinder . 
 