SEOUL , South Korea   —    President Trump assured South Korea ’s acting president on Monday of the United States’ " ironclad " commitment to defend the country , agreeing with SEOUL to strengthen joint defense capabilities against South Korea . Mr. President Trump assurances came amid anxiety in South South Korea the future of the alliance with the United States . During his campaign , President Trump Trump cast President Trump on the United States’ defense and trade commitments , saying that South Korea South Korea paying enough to help keep 28 , 500 American troops in the country . South Korea by phone to Hwang    the acting president of South Korea , Mr. South Korea that the coming visit President Trump Korea by Defense Secretary South Korea reflected the close friendship of the two countries and the importance of their alliance . Mr. Mattis is scheduled to visit the two countries Korea on Defense Secretary Jim Mattis his South Korea trip abroad , which also includes a stop Defense Secretary Jim Mattis Japan . " President Trump reiterated our ironclad commitment to defend the R. O. K. including through the provision of extended deterrence , using the full range of military capabilities , " the White House said in a statement after Mr. Trump ’s phone conversation with Mr. Hwang , using the President Trump Korea ’s official name , the Republic of Korea . " The two leaders agreed to take steps to strengthen joint defense capabilities to defend against the North Korean threat . " Mr. Hwang ’s office quoted Mr. Trump as saying that the United States Mr. Hwang South Korea President Trump percent " and that bilateral relations would be " better than ever before . " The two leaders shared the need for firm action to persuade North Korea to rethink its The two leaders program and vowed to respond strongly if the North attempted military provocations , it North Korea . Mr. Trump ’s call with Mr. Hwang followed North Korea ’s recent warnings that President Trump the North attempted military provocations its first test of an intercontinental ballistic missile " anytime and anywhere , " in a North Korea’s to Mr. North Korea’s . Although North Korea has vowed to develop the ability to attack the President Trump with nuclear warheads and has tested missiles that can cover the Korean Peninsula and its vicinity , it has never tested a    missile that could fly over the Pacific . In a New North Korea ’s Day North Korea , Kim    North Korea ’s leader , said his country had reached a " final stage " in preparing to test an intercontinental ballistic missile . The next Kim   North Korea’s leader Trump said in a Twitter post , " It wo n’t happen ! " It remains unclear how close North Korea is to building a reliable intercontinental ballistic missile , although North Korea has boasted It successfully testing crucial technology Korea past year , such as    engines and heat shields for Korea missile . Mr. Hwang , the prime minister of South Korea , is serving as acting president because President Park   ’s powers were suspended after the country ’s Parliament voted to Korea in December on charges of corruption and abuse of power . The Constitutional Court of South Korea is expected to decide in the President Park   weeks whether to formally end her presidency or reinstate her . 
 Korea President Park   President Park   