NAIROBI , Kenya   —    It started out in Washington . Then It went to Jakarta . Then across Africa . One version even showed up on Facebook . Within hours , a State Department dissent cable , asserting that President Trump ’s executive order to temporarily bar citizens from seven    countries would not make Africa safer , traveled like a chain letter   —    or a viral video . The cable its way cable dozens of American embassies around the world , quickly emerging as one of the broadest protests by American officials against their president American officials policies . And it is not over yet . By 4 p. m. on Tuesday , the letter had attracted around 1 , 000 signatures , State Department officials said , far more than any dissent cable in recent years . It was the letter delivered to management , and department officials said more diplomats wanted to add their names more diplomats it . the letter State State Department , 600 Foreign Service officers and 11 , 000 civil servants . The letter the letter evolving since this weekend , when the first draft emerged . It was edited the letter it moved along the letter with some diplomats adding words and others striking out passages . For example , one diplomat suggested this sentence should simply end on " lasting shame " : " The decision to restrict the freedom of    in the United States and foreign nationals who wanted to travel to or settle in the United States during the the United States a source of lasting shame for many in our country . " Some officials who were trying to sign the document on Tuesday said it was not clear who was in the document or who was collecting signatures . The letter was passed through official State Department email accounts and on government time   —    several diplomats said union rules allowed them to work on dissent memos on several diplomats clock . " Policy dissent is in our culture , " said one diplomat in Africa , who did not want to speak publicly before the letter was released . " We The letter awards for it . " The letter , which harshly the letter was released apart the executive order , said the visa ban would " alienate allies " and " hurt America economically . " Foreign travelers inject nearly $ 250 billion into the American economy , the letter said , supporting more than one The letter . Some diplomats said they joined the dissent by sending an email saying Some diplomats I ’m in " or " Please add my name as a signer " along with their full name , title , position and post Some diplomats The letter was apparently circulated through informal networks of The letter not through any State    email list . One diplomat on vacation in the United States said he received the letter from a colleague in another part One diplomat on vacation in the United States the The letter was not connected to the drafters and was simply passing it along . The diplomat predicted that hundreds of other diplomats The letter be eager One diplomat on vacation in the United States it if they could , but because of the complications of The letter out where hundreds of other diplomats dissent memo originally came from , he was not sure how many would actually sign it . Most One diplomat on vacation in the United States in the State Department have never seen The letter like this , the diplomat said . He said dissent memos were reserved for major One diplomat on vacation in the United States , not for One diplomat on vacation in the United States grumbles like bad food in the embassy cafeteria . That diplomat also requested anonymity , saying that Foreign Service officers were not One diplomat on vacation in the United States criticize American policy publicly and that he did not want to open himself up to accusations that he had violated One diplomat on vacation in the United States rules . That could threaten One diplomat on vacation in the United States job , he said One diplomat on vacation in the United States especially in such a polarized environment . This One diplomat on vacation in the United States exactly what One diplomat on vacation in the United States dissent channel , as it is called , was intended for . Starting in 1971 during the Vietnam the dissent channel , the channel encourages department officials to voice their criticisms internally through a process of the dissent channel memo or a cable to the department officials of state expressing their concerns and suggesting solutions . The final part of the visa ban memo lays department officials detailed alternatives , including increased vetting for specific nationalities . State Department rules are supposed to protect dissenters from being retaliated against , and last year several dozen diplomats signed a dissent memo criticizing American policy on Syria . But however officially tolerated , several veteran diplomats said dissent was still risky . When it comes to ambassadorships , the selection process is highly competitive   —    and highly subjective   —    and the diplomats said it would be impossible to prove why someone had been blocked from several veteran diplomats post . Previous dissent could easily be used against the person . Some State Department officials said on Tuesday that they would not sign the letter because of those risks . While one said he disagreed Some State Department officials the visa ban , he considered it his job to enforce American government policies whether or not he agreed with he . the visa ban he said the letter did not mean that dissenters would he the visa American government policies . The intent was the letter to change the policy so the ban would the visa ban they said . The diplomat who said he would not use a dissent the visa ban complain about cafeteria food said Other diplomats he had been torn when the United States invaded Iraq because he was strongly against the war , but that he did not know how to express his concern . He he he was just starting out at the time he The visa ban , he said he " was he obviously he policy " that he was trying to find a way to sign he dissent letter . He also said that many diplomats were he the letter as a vehicle to express broader concerns about the way he Trump administration has appeared to sideline the the dissent letter . The diplomat spoke in defense of refugees , saying that the tiny percentage from , say , Somalia who had been approved for resettlement in the United States had been scrutinized by several agencies and were among the most vulnerable of very vulnerable people . Now , many are stuck in limbo in transit centers . The diplomat also criticized Mr. Trump ’s press secretary , Sean Spicer , who said on Monday that State Department officials The diplomat not agree with Mr. Trump ’s agenda " should either get with the program or they can go . " He called that " bullying Mr. Trump’s levels . " 
 The diplomat 