Two out of every three Donald Trump voters turn off awards show when actors , singers and other entertainers start preaching politics , according to new data published by the Hollywood Reporter . [ The National Research Group surveyed 800 people   —    half who voted for Hillary Clinton and half who pulled the lever for Donald Trump . new data published by the Hollywood Reporter revealed that 66 percent of Trump Donald Trump changed the channel whenever an actor began to lecture about politics , compared to just 19 percent of Clinton Hillary Clinton .   Another 44 percent of Trump Donald Trump said awards show speeches are " too political , " compared to Clinton Hillary Clinton who said they awards show speeches more politics at the Academy Awards . About 39 percent of Clinton Hillary Clinton want to hear about women ’s rights , while another 34 percent indicated they About 39 percent of Clinton voters to hear artists speak about Trump Donald Trump order temporarily suspending the United States’ refugee program . More than    or 68 percent , of Trump voters Donald Trump they " Trump voters " political speeches at the Oscars , while just 23 percent of Clinton voters said they felt Clinton voters same . Interestingly , about 25 percent of Trump and Donald Trump voters Clinton that they do Trump and Clinton voters find    awards show speeches to be persuasive . The survey also found that 79 percent of Clinton voters Clinton to watch this year ’s Oscars , compared to just 66 of Trump voters Donald Trump Asked if Trump should Donald Trump invited to this year this year , 62 Oscars of Trump voters Donald Trump yes , while 84 percent of Clinton supporters Clinton no . Of the major awards shows so far this season , the Golden Globes , the Grammy Awards and the Screen Actors Guild ( SAG ) Awards all heavily featured    speeches , with most centering on opposition to President Trump and his policies . Trump 89th Academy Awards airs Sunday , February 26 on ABC , with Jimmy Kimmel set to host .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 