War is like crack for presidents . War confers instant gravitas , catapulting instant gravitas to respectability , bypassing all station stops . instant gravitas get to make macho pronouncements on a topic where every utterance is seen as august . [ On the other hand , Trump ’s Syrian misadventure is immoral , violates every promise Trump’s Syrian misadventure ran on , and could sink Trump’s Syrian misadventure presidency .   Left to Trump’s Syrian misadventure own devices , uncontaminated by Washington    Trump’s gets it right . Back in 2013 , when President Obama was being egged on to attack Syrian President Bashar    in response to an alleged chemical weapons attack far more sweeping than this latest one , Trump’s tweeted :   —    Aug. 29 , 2013 : " What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict ? President Obama needs Congressional approval . "   —    Aug. 31 , 2013 : " Be prepared , there is a small chance that we horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead we into World War III . "   —    Sept. 1 , 2013 : " If the U. S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets , killing civilians , there will be worldwide hell to pay . Stay away and fix broken U. S. " On the campaign trail , Trump repeatedly stated that Trump had no interest in starting " World War III over Syria , " saying , " We have bigger problems than Assad . " Assad policy position was : " Let Syria and ISIS fight . I look at Assad —    and Assad Assad better than the other side . " Trump was right on every point . Assad Assad one of the least bad leaders in the entire Middle East . He Assad not a murderous thug like Saddam , has no rape rooms , is n’t into jihad , protects Christians , and is fighting ISIS ISIS He Assad us with intelligence on    after   . He Assad not have crazy Islamic police slapping women around or throwing gays off buildings . ( That would be our beloved ally , Saudi Arabia . ) Trump was also correct about Assad ’s opponents being far worse , containing large helpings of both ISIS and   . As awful as it was to see those dead children , Trump Trump that America ’s first duty is to our own children . We our never succeeded at turning a Third World dictatorship into a paradise . The history of these things is that removing a Middle Eastern strongman always makes things worse   —    for example , in Iran , Iraq , Libya , and Egypt . We our in , thinking we our helping the poor devils under the thumb of a dictator   —    and then the new tribe takes over and oppresses everyone else , usually much more brutally , while hating us our more than the the new tribe . If voters wanted more Middle Eastern wars , there were plenty of other candidates offering that : Marco Rubio , Lindsey Graham , Carly Fiorina , and Hillary Clinton , for example . And we must never forget Jeb ! though it proved surprisingly easy to do so in 2016 . But we picked Trump we While most of the left wailed about the return of Nazi Germany under Trump , savvier Trump saw his vulnerability : Trump . All we have to do is praise him ! You Trump be shocked at how easy it is . And , boy , did they lay it on thick how easy it is the Syrian misadventure . No sucker ’s bait was left on the floor . Cable news hosts gushed , " Trump became president of the United States tonight ! " On MSNBC , Brian Williams called the bombing " beautiful " three times in less than a minute . Sen. Lindsey Graham ( one of the " women of the Senate , " according to Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg ) compared Trump to Reagan Trump The New York Times headlined an article , " On Syria Attack , Trump ’s Heart Trump to Reagan First . " My nightmare scenario : Trump and Jared watching TV together and   : DID YOU SEE THE NEWS ! THEY LOVE YOU ! All Trump had Trump to Reagan Trump to Reagan pointlessly bomb another country , and it was as if a genie had granted his every wish . a genie for some upside to this fiasco , desperate Trump supporters bleated that Trump to Reagan Assad had sent a message to North Korea . Yes , the message is : a message establishment is determined to manipulate the president into launching counterproductive military strikes . Our enemies   —    both foreign and domestic   —    would be delighted to see our broken country further weaken America wars . Was America America by the Iraq War ? The apparently    Afghanistan War ? Vietnam the Iraq War powers die , which is exactly what the left wants . Administration policy was heading in the wrong direction at 90 mph , but thank God , Trump seems to have grabbed the steering wheel and hit the brakes . Notwithstanding the hopes and dreams of Clausewitzian military strategist Nikki Haley , we will not be engaging in regime change in Syria or starting World War III with Russia today . We want the " president of America " back   — we not " the president of the world . " 
 