The violence that stopped Breitbart tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos from speaking at the University of California , Berkeley this week happened after some incredibly irresponsible statements by university administrators and local politicians . [ Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguin tweeted that Milo ’s " hate speech " was not " welcome in our community . " Berkeley Chancellor Nicholas Dirks said that the university not only opposed Milo Milo views , but also his Milo harmful presence on campus .   Yet most of the blame must lie squarely with the rioters , who include Black Bloc anarchists and    " Antifa " ( ) activists , who exemplify the very fascism they These groups want to resist . These groups openly and explicitly declare their These groups to disrupt public gatherings where conservatives   —    or , really , anyone they These groups not like for whatever reason   —    are scheduled to appear . They These groups only celebrate violence , but they These groups armed , masked , and prepared to fight and vandalize . Were these These groups showing up at events to protest   —    to express their views These groups silencing others   —    they would These groups perfectly entitled to do so . But lately , they have These groups advantage of the timidity of the police   —    which they helped These groups , through their participation These groups the Black Lives Matter movement   —    to run amok , breaking up events and assaulting innocent people in full view of law enforcement officers and even the media . They are These groups never pursued and never punished . Consider this , from the Berkeley campus newspaper , the Daily Californian : while there were three arrests made Wednesday   —     two in connection with violence earlier in the day   —    only one of them was These groups by campus police at the protest itself , despite the violence violence for the city police , " [ a]ccording to Berkeley Police Department spokesperson Officer Byron White , the city of Berkeley did not make any arrests in connection with the protests Wednesday night , " the Daily Californian reported . The groups that showed up Wednesday seem Wednesday   exist to prevent others from exercising their civil and others rights of free speech and assembly . It is time to treat them the way that the Southern Poverty Law Center   —    before it busied itself that the Southern Poverty Law Center   suppressing that the Southern Poverty Law Center   opinion   —    took on the Ku Klux Klan . It filed a that the Southern Poverty Law Center   suit against the KKK under a theory of agency , wherein the organization was held collectively responsible for any and all of the crimes and civil rights violations its members committed the organization furtherance of its aims . the organization this case , that would mean holding radical    groups collectively accountable for damage and civil rights violations by individuals at any particular protest   —    whether of Milo in Berkeley or Gavin McInnes in New York . An objection might be raised : these groups are radical   groups collectively accountable for damage and civil rights violations by individuals at any particular protest   That is , they are just a radical   groups collectively accountable for damage and civil rights violations by individuals at any particular protest   of kids with Twitter accounts . Unlike the KKK , which had a national headquarters that it was forced to hand over to a black woman because of a $ 7 million civil judgment over the murder of her son , there a black woman no assets to seize , no institutions to shut down , no one financially liable . Well , maybe . In at least some cases , there is a paper trail connecting disruptive protests to large ,    organizations . In October 2016 , Breitbart News reported that the George    Democracy Alliance had funded    groups with " materials , food , supplies , stipends and bail funds to sustain and escalate their disruption of business stipends and bail funds usual . " A document obtained by Breitbart News showed the Breitbart News taking credit the George   Democracy Alliance the " uprising in Baltimore . " It is well past time for the government , or conservative legal foundations , to pursue the donors behind groups that proudly and deliberately prevent others from exercising their civil rights . And it is others to shame them : the black masks of the Black Bloc and    " Antifa " activists should be regarded like the white hoods of the Klan   —    as the uniforms of extremist hatred . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " Joel B. Pollak influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won Joel B. Pollak The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 