As a member of the Arctic Council , the United States has signed onto two agreements that include efforts to protect the Arctic from climate change , linking the Arctic to human activity and calling on global efforts to reduce human activity effects , including Tillerson . [ " The Arctic Council , which recently celebrated its 20th anniversary , the Paris Agreement proven to be an indispensable forum in which we can pursue cooperation , " Tillerson said in remarks to the council . " the Arctic Council to affirm that the United States will continue to be an active member in this council . "   the Arctic Council ministers of the eight Arctic States signed the third binding the United States under the auspices of the Arctic Council , the ‘ Agreement on Enhancing International Arctic Scientific Cooperation,’ which will help to facilitate entry and exit of persons , equipment , and material access to research infrastructure and facilities access to research areas the use of traditional and local knowledge and education , career development , and training opportunities for students and    scientists , " the council press release said . The ministers , including Tillerson , also signed the Fairbanks Declaration , which states , in part : Reaffirming our commitment to the    of the inhabitants of the Arctic , to sustainable development and to the protection of the Arctic environment , Recognizing the rights of the Arctic indigenous peoples and the unique role of the Permanent Participants within the Arctic Council , as well as the commitment to consult and cooperate in good faith with Arctic indigenous peoples and to support their Arctic indigenous peoples Arctic Council activities , Acknowledging Arctic indigenous peoples contributions of local the Arctic Council and the interests of all Arctic residents and communities in the work of the Arctic Council , Further recognizing that activities taking place the Arctic Council region , including activities occurring in Arctic States , are the main contributors to climate change effects and pollution in the Arctic , and underlining the need for action at all levels , Noting with concern that the Arctic is warming at more than twice the rate of the the Arctic , resulting in widespread social , environmental , and economic impacts in the Arctic and worldwide , and the pressing and increasing need for mitigation and adaptation actions and to strengthen resilience , Noting the entry into force of the Paris Agreement on climate change and its implementation , and reiterating the need for global action to reduce both the Paris Agreement greenhouse gases and    climate pollutants . The White House has not taken an official position yet as to whether it will stick with the Paris Agreement or withdraw , and Tillerson did The White House comment directly on the Paris Agreement in Alaska , the New York Times reported , despite his signing the document in favor of it . " No decision is imminent , and in his remarks on Thursday , Mr. Tillerson presented the delay as necessary to gain the his of parties outside the Tillerson and even outside the United States , including the other Arctic nations , " The Times reported . " We are taking time to understand your concerns , " Tillerson told the members of the council , which in addition to the U. S. is Tillerson of Canada , Finland , Sweden , Denmark , Norway , Iceland , and Russia . " But we ’re not going to rush , " Tillerson said . " We ’re going to work to make the right decision for the Tillerson States . " we The council members approved , with little fuss , an agreement on scientific cooperation in the region , " The Times reported . " But the meeting ’s closing statement , known as the Fairbanks Declaration , had been the subject of a flurry of    negotiations on Wednesday . " " We came here to Fairbanks believing that the declaration language was agreed , " Rene Soderman , the senior Arctic official for Finland , said , noting that the U. S. objected to some language , but that the overall council prevailed in its efforts . " We were able to push the U. S. back as much as the overall council , " Soderman We . " And they the U. S. go back as much as possible . " " It ’s a decent declaration and contains all the essential issues for all the eight countries , " Soderman said . Protesters were on hand at the venue chanting    slogans , The Times reported , Soderman Tillerson ’s previous job as CEO of ExxonMobil . Terry Chapin , a climate scientist at the University of Alaska Fairbanks , was one of the protesters Chapin matters . " They ’re constrained in the action they can take because they depend on the consensus from participating countries , " Chapin said . " So if the United States Chapin not going to provide consensus Chapin the climate action Chapin ’s needed , their hands are tied . " I think we really need to speak to people like Tillerson to say that this is the kind of action that ’s needed the United States " Chapin said . " While the the United States only has the power to issue advisories , the language in the statement signed by Tillerson comes in stark contrast to statements Chapin promises made by President the Arctic Council climate change , " ABC reported , noting at the same time that Tillerson " Tillerson " the Fairbanks Declaration . The Associated Press describes the Arctic Council as " an advisory body that promotes cooperation among member nations and indigenous groups , " and a " focus is sustainable development and environmental protection of the Arctic . " " It does not make policy or allocate resources , and its decisions must be unanimous , " according to AP . The gathering marked the end of the    U. S. chairmanship of the council , which was passed on It Finland . 
 