In her first international trip in her role as U. S. ambassador to the United Nations , Nikki Haley toured a Jordanian refugee camp Sunday   —    and defended the Trump administration ’s policy on the Syrian refugee crisis in the face of Syrian many critics in the UN . [ Visiting a Jordanian refugee camp , Nikki Haley met with Syrian refugees displaced by the Syrian civil war and reminded reporters of the work the U. S. is doing in the region   —    a role that has been widely ignored as critics instead focus on Trump ’s executive order restricting refugees into the country .   " We ’re the No . 1 donor here through this crisis , that ’s not going to stop , " Haley said in an interview after UN officials briefed her on the Haley , according to The Wall Street Journal . Haley visited vocational Haley and a supermarket where    are used to charge accounts as a way to cut down on fraud . Outside the camp , the camp visited Haley U. S.   school where Syrian and Jordanian girls can get an education and a border crossing between Jordan and Syria .   One of the reasons we traveled to Jordan is to see Jordan how the Syrian crisis is affecting children . pic . twitter .    —    Nikki Haley ( @nikkihaley ) May 22 , 2017 ,   pic . twitter .    —    Nikki Haley —   Nikki Haley 21 , 2017 (@nikkihaley) the trip , Haley will also visit parts of Turkey —   Nikki Haley will meet with government and UN officials , as well as heads of NGOs . The trip will focus on the Syrian refugee crisis the trip are on the front line of the crisis government and UN borders with the imperiled country . The Trump administration has eyed deep cuts to funding for the controversial UN , but Haley sought to combat the narrative that those UN would hurt those most in need . According to deep cuts to funding for the controversial UN Haley told reporters that the U. S. was " not pulling back Haley from the crisis and was in fact " engaging more . "   The Trump administration ’s policy on the crisis , particularly President The Trump administration on immigration , has attracted the criticism of members of foreign governments , including figures in the United Nations . In an address to the League of Arab States in March , UN    Antonio Guterres said it " breaks my heart to see developed countries closing the United Nations borders to refugees fleeing this region , and worse , sometimes invoking religion as a reason to keep them out . " But Haley has already gained a reputation for standing up to developed countries closing their borders to refugees fleeing this region UN . On multiple occasions , she has blasted the body ’s    bias the United Nations March , she demanded a UN Haley calling Israel an " apartheid state " be withdrawn   — Haley which it the United Nations . In April , when Bolivia requested a    session of the UN Security Council in the wake of a chemical weapons attack in Syria , Haley denied the request . " Any country that chooses to defend the atrocities of the Syrian regime a UN report calling Israel an "apartheid state" be withdrawn  —   which it was to do so in full public view , for all the world to hear , " she said , also blasting the " empty words " of other members of the council . Haley foreshadowed her defense of the U. S. policy in an    last week the UN Security Council Wall Street Haley . Haley it , Haley defended the U. S. saying " The U. S. is doing more than anyone . The Wall Street Journal Talking Haley how she was heckled at an the U. S. conference in April , she argued that " those who Haley the U. S. of heartlessness in the face of this crisis Haley wrong . " " No country has invested the U. S. and caring for Syrian refugees than the U. S. We have provided nearly $ 6 . 5 billion in emergency assistance for Syria since the start of the crisis . Inside Syria the U. S. million people benefit from U. S. assistance for essentials like food and shelter every month , " Haley wrote . this crisis she would bring Syria to U. S.   food programs the U. S. trip to Turkey and Jordan , including programs that deliver aid to Syrians still trapped in Haley country Haley " With American help , Syria ’s neighbors have made Haley difference between life and death for millions of Syrians . The U. S. and the UN Turkey to do a great deal of heavy lifting for these desperate people , " she wrote . Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York . Follow Adam on Twitter : @AdamShawNY . 
 Adam Shaw 