Conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh questioned why Congressional Republicans seem determined to inflict pain on Trump ’s    base with Congressional Republicans healthcare bill on Friday :   Well , here ’s the Breitbart piece , ladies and gentlemen . And measured against my plan , this is hieroglyphics . Measured against my plan , this is like trying to learn a foreign language . And not just learn the language , but then learn all of the dialects and all the hidden meaning with the use of slang and so forth . It ’s impossible . " Seven Reasons Why Obamacare 2 . 0 Is All But Guaranteed to Impose Crushing Costs on Voters , Hurt Trump ’s Base , and Hand Power Back to the Democrats . " Okay , that ’s the headline of the Breitbart piece . Let me ask you a question . I mean , the way I react when I see a headline like this , if it this this bad , how in the world can the people in charge of it not know it it this bad ? If it is this bad , then why do the Republicans want to hand power back to the Democrats ? Why do the the Republicans to hurt Trump ’s base ? Now , that I can answer . Why do Republicans want the Republicans impose crushing costs on voters ? Does any of this make sense ? And why do Republicans want to hand power back to the Democrats the Democrats why does Trump want to Trump that ? Trump supposedly signed Trump to this . Okay , so let ’s take this incrementally . this , at the bottom of this piece is perhaps the most important aspect of story with nothing to do with health care . " Sixty percent of adults are ‘ hopeful and optimistic’ about America ’s future . " As asserted in this story , that ’s from polling data . Sixty percent of adults are hopeful and optimistic ? Now , as the Breitbart writer , Katie McHugh is her name , Katie McHugh of the story . this story , " Katie McHugh ’s a precious opportunity , one that should n’t be wasted . " " ‘ The issue now is about Americans looking to not get f —   ed over . If we deliver , we ’ll get 60 we of the white vote , and 40 percent of the black and Hispanic vote and we ’ll govern for we years,’ White House Chief strategist Steve Bannon said during a November interview . ‘ That ’s what the Democrats missed   …      They lost sight of the Democrats the world is about . ’ " Bannon , chief strategist for Trump   …      So Breitbart claims here that this Obamacare repeal and replacement bill actually targets senior citizens in Michigan , Pennsylvania , and Wisconsin and makes their tax credits less Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin and raises their health care costs Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin Those are three blue states that Trump won . Why Trump   the Republicans do that ? Do you believe that they have ? Do the Republicans think that ’s in the bill ? The Washington Post says it is , and The Washington Post ’s accepting it . Read Rush The Washington Post transcript here . LISTEN : 
 