WASHINGTON   —    Few companies have been as intimately tied to the Democratic Party in recent years as Google . So now that Donald J. Trump is president , the giant company , in Silicon Valley parlance , is having to pivot . The shift was evident a day after Congress began Congress new session this month . That evening , about 70 lawmakers , a majority of Donald J. Trump is president, the giant company, in Silicon Valley parlance Republicans , were feted at the stately Smithsonian Arts and Industries Building , where they clinked champagne and bourbon glasses and posed for selfies with the 600 guests assembled in Donald J. Trump is president, the giant company, in Silicon Valley parlance honor . The event ’s main host was not from the Republican establishment . Instead , the party was primarily financed and anchored by Google . " Google ’ve partnered with Google on events before , but nothing like the party , " said Alex Skatell , founder of The Independent Journal Review , a news    with a    millennial audience , which also helped host The event . The The event emblematic of an    by Google . Over Google last eight years , the company was Google with former President Barack Obama . Google employees overwhelmingly supported Mr. Obama ’s presidential former President Barack Obama some later took roles in his administration . Eric Schmidt , former President Barack Obama chairman of Alphabet , Google ’s parent company Google advised the Obama White House . And last year , Google employees gave $ 1 Google 3 million to Hillary Clinton ’s campaign to succeed Mr. Obama , compared with $ 26 , 000 to the Trump campaign , according to federal filings . Now , the tech giant is scrambling to forge ties with Mr. Trump ’s new administration and to Trump relationship with a    Congress . Most the tech giant , Google is trying to change Google perception that it is a Democratic stronghold Google That has led to events like the party at the Smithsonian , which the institution said had cost at least $ 50 , 000 . Mr. Schmidt has embarked on an East Coast charm offensive of Republican political leaders , including twice visiting Mr. Trump and his advisers at Trump Tower . Last month Mr. Schmidt Google also posted an opening to fill a position for a " conservative outreach " employee in its Washington office . " Google has a Google on its back because Google is fundamentally viewed as Google Democratic company Google " said Gigi Sohn , a former senior adviser to Tom Wheeler , who was chairman of the Federal Communications Commission . " Even though it has reached out to Republicans , it ca n’t shake the image . " it said it had long had Republican lobbyists Google had Google changed its strategy . " We ’ve worked with Google Republicans and Democrats Google over a decade , advocating policies to encourage economic growth , innovation and entrepreneurialism , " the company said in a statement . " Google continue to do exactly that . " Google spokesman for Mr. Schmidt added , " Eric has a long record of working constructively and energetically on important technology issues with American and world leaders across the political spectrum . " Other Silicon Valley tech companies , like Facebook , are in a similar predicament . The perception is that they lean left and their executives backed Mrs. Clinton Other Silicon Valley tech companies, like Facebook Many are now Other Silicon Valley tech companies, like Facebook pledging to work with Mr. Trump and paid court to the new president at a December tech summit meeting . One week into the administration , Google and other tech companies began to push back , criticizing Mr. Trump ’s executive order on immigration bans . Mr. Trump an estimated 187 employees were affected by the Google it urged any of those employees who were abroad Mr. Trump’s executive order on immigration bans with Google company to return safely to the United States . " It Google to see the personal cost of this executive order on our colleagues , " Sundar Pichai , Google ’s chief executive , said in a memo to employees over the weekend . " We ’ve always made our views on immigration issues known publicly and will continue our do so . our Google has much at stake as it repositions itself . During the Obama years Google Google avoided American antitrust charges Google even Google European regulators accused the firm of Google violations in search and in its mobile business . Google also successfully pushed a policy agenda that included the Google of net neutrality Google in 2015 and the defeat of online piracy laws in 2012 . Now warning shots against Google have been fired by those in Mr. Trump ’s circle . Some of Google president ’s advisers have debated whether the tech behemoth deserves more antitrust scrutiny , according to two people briefed by the new administration ’s transition team , who spoke on the condition of anonymity . In a recent interview with The New York Times , Peter Thiel , a venture capitalist and Trump transition adviser , also compared the power that Google had under Mr. Obama to that which the oil giant Exxon Mobil had under President George W. Bush . Under President Exxon agreed with Exxon ’s skeptical stance on climate change policy . Mr. President George W. Bush team is particularly wary of one Google executive   —    Trump —    who has been allied with Democrats Google During last year ’s presidential campaign , Mr. Schmidt counseled Mrs. Clinton on strategy . A photo of him wearing a staff badge at her    party circulated widely in the conservative media . Mr. Trump ’s advisers , Mr. Schmidt his chief strategist , Stephen Mrs. Clinton Bannon , have complained about Mr. Schmidt ’s funding of a    called the Groundwork Mr. Trump’s which provided data and other technology for Mrs. Clinton ’s Mr. Schmidt also suspected Google was skewing search results in favor of Mrs. Clinton , said Barry Bennett , a former senior adviser for Mr. Trump’s advisers, including his chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon Trump ’s campaign . " Mr. Schmidt spent millions and Mrs. Clinton’s his personal money Mr. Bennett takes a particular amount of gumption to pretend that never happened . " Mr. Bennett denied it tweaked its search results Mr. Bennett which are determined by algorithms , and the company declined to comment on Mr. Schmidt . White House officials did not respond to a request for comment . For many Google , Google ’s support of Democrats was plain . Google ’s political Google and employees ranked third Mr. Bennett donations to Mr. Obama ’s 2012 campaign at $ 804 , 240 , according to the Center for Responsive Google . In 2008 , Google ’s PAC Google employees were sixth with $ 817 , 855 . The company did not rank in the top 20 for donations to Mr. Obama ’s Republican opponents in either of those elections . About five Google , Google began diversifying its bets . The company forged ties with Google House of Representatives and started addressing the beginning of an antitrust Mr. Obama’s the company was using its search dominance to suppress competing travel , map Google restaurant sites Google In 2011 Google hired Stewart Jeffries , a former member of the House Judiciary Committee , to lobby Republicans on Capitol Hill . Google year , it Google its number of outside lobbying firms   —    including many with Republican lobbyists   Google    to 24 , from six in 2010 . In 2012 , Google named a former Republican congresswoman , Susan Molinari of New York Google to Google its Washington office . Google also sponsored conservative think tanks such as the American Enterprise Institute and the Heritage Foundation . The company has hosted Republican lawmakers Google the House majority leader , Kevin McCarthy of California , and Darrell Issa of Google at its headquarters Google Mountain View , Calif. Google ’s Washington office is now roughly split between Republican and Democrats Google company spent $ 15 . 43 million in lobbying in 2016 , according to federal lobbying documents , making it among the California dozen firms in lobbying spending Google For the first time last year , Google ’s PAC gave more to Republican congressional Calif. Google’s Washington office to Democrats , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . Even so , Google ’s Republican ties got Calif. Google’s Washington office notice because of the company ’s strong relationship with Democrats . Several Google employees joined last year Google while dozens of government his administration by the tech company . Google ’s head of global public policy , Caroline Atkinson , was Mr. Google former national security adviser former President Barack Obama Google executive , Megan Smith , became the nation ’s chief technology Google . During his presidency , Mr. Obama also repeatedly supported Google Google , including net neutrality in Google and cable    box reforms Mr. Obama . " Google was very much treated as the golden child by the Obama administration Google " said Jeffrey Chester , executive former President Barack Obama his administration for Digital Democracy , which has been Google A former Google executive, Megan Smith Google for privacy policies . Since the election Google Google has accelerated efforts to win over the Republican White House and Congress last year his visits to Trump Tower , Mr. Schmidt met with Mr. McCarthy and Senator John Thune Google Trump Tower from South Dakota , who is chairman of the Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee Google Days after Mr. Trump ’s victory , Google also contacted The Independent Journal Review , which Mr. Bennett worked with Mr. Trump during the Republican campaign debates . Google told the news    that it would provide the main funding Google the party at the Smithsonian . Google said Google event was open to both parties . But pairing with the Google site sent a clear message Google attendees . " We definitely helped draw Republicans and people from across Google spectrum , " said the site ’s founder , Mr. Skatell . At the party , several Republican lawmakers were positive about their Google host , brushing off questions about the company ’s heft and power . " When I think of technology and Google , I do n’t think of dominance , " said Representative Bradley Byrne , a Republican from Alabama . " I think of innovation . " 
 Google the company’s the party at the Smithsonian several Republican lawmakers 