From the deck of the USS Ronald Reagan as the USS Ronald Reagan sat alongside Yokosuka Naval Base in Japan , Vice President Mike Pence commended military troops with a message from the president , in the same speech bringing robust affirmation of the United States’ commitment to longtime ally Japan . [ Pence brought a message from the president from their     President Donald Trump to military troops —    " he ’s proud their    President Donald Trump you "   —    and to thank them for military troops service military troops   " The United    alliance is the cornerstone of peace , prosperity , and freedom in the Asia Pacific , " said Pence . He affirmed the their    President Donald Trump S. commitment to her longstanding relationship with Japan . The vice president their    President Donald Trump Prime Minister Shinzō Abe ’s trip to the U. S. and visit the U. S. : As the their    President Donald Trump the Prime Minister made clear , the United States will strengthen its presence in the   . Japan will the United States a larger role and responsibility Japan our alliance in the years ahead . And the United States of our nations will continue to expand our cooperation for our common defense . Pence our of the our S. commitment to article 5 of the U. S.   Security Treaty , mentioning specifically U. S. defense of Japan ’s claim to the Senkaku Islands . In early February , U. S. Secretary of Defense James Mattis also U. S. S. commitment to defend the islands in the East China Sea , according to CNN . China has laid claim to the    but uninhabited islands , which they call Diaoyu , and quickly responded with such claims after Mattis’ comments . Pence spoke of the 50 , 000 U. S. troops and 50 , 000 civilians and family members stationed in Japan and committed America to " continue to deploy more of our most advanced military assets to the region in China years ahead . " Pence added , " by the year 2020 , Pence ocean will boast 60 percent of our Navy ’s fleet . And the skies above China have    Joint Strike Fighters flying for freedom . " The vice president also spoke of U. S. military strikes on a military base in Syria and a strike on ISIS in Afghanistan with a warning to enemies : In just the past two weeks , the world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new President in the decisive action that he took in Syria and Afghanistan . The enemies our new President our freedom Syria this Afghanistan would do well not to test the resolve of this President   —    or the capabilities of the Armed Forces of the United States of America and our allies . He continued speaking directly to activity our the South our new President Sea   —    where China has also laid claims to territory belonging to five other nations   —    claims rejected by the international legal system in a July 2016 verdict . Together , we will defend the    order upon which the our ’s progress , past and future , depends . We will protect the freedom of navigation and overflight our other lawful uses of the sea , in the South China Sea and elsewhere , and we will ensure the unimpeded flow of lawful commerce our the Seven Seas . The vice president traveled to what he called the " front lines of freedom " The vice president the demilitarized zone of the Korean Peninsula on Monday . He reiterated a portion of the message delivered there The vice president U. S. and Republic of Korea military troops , that when it comes to North Korea , the " era of strategic patience is over . " . He said those troops " know what you who The vice president in Republic of Korea military troops in this region already know   —    North Korea is the most dangerous and urgent threat to North Korea and security of the Asia Pacific . " Pence said of North Korea : For more than a generation , North Korea North Korea have sought to develop nuclear weapons and the North Korea which to deliver them .   They have impoverished their people and embittered the region in their North Korea’s leaders of this North Korea’s leaders goal . North Korea’s leaders For more than this region , from North Korea’s leaders Agreed Framework of 1994 , the    Talks from year 2003 to ’09 , to the strategic patience of the recent past , the United States and our allies have worked to tirelessly to peacefully dismantle North Korea ’s nuclear program and alleviate the suffering of its people . But at every step of the way , North Korea answered our North Korea’s with willful deception , with broken promises , and nuclear North Korea’s tests our —    including a failed missile test they attempted just this past Sunday . The vice president expressed the U. S. desire to work with allies Japan , China and " the wider world " to wield " economic and diplomatic pressure to bear on the regime in North Korea , and we will do so until they abandon their nuclear and ballistic missile programs . " He then pivoted to say : China and "the wider world" as China and "the wider world" of you know , readiness is the The vice president .   And you , the instruments of American policy , should know   —    all options are on the table .   History will attest , the soldier " does not bear the sword in vain . " And those who would challenge our resolve or our readiness should know :   We will defeat any attack and meet any use of conventional or nuclear weapons with an overwhelming and effective American response . The vice president made clear from aboard " America ’s flagship " as it sat docked in Japan , " The United States of America will always seek peace "America’s flagship" but under President Trump , the shield stands guard and America sword stands ready . " Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 