A few days ago , under the headline , " The Department of Homeland Security Takes on President Trump , " Virgil took note of a leak from The Department of Homeland Security , observing that the Deep State is " Always doing something . . . to undermine the Trump administration . " [ Now , thanks to another leak from DHS , it ’s time for an update : On March 2 , MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow had a scoop —   paid for , of course , by American taxpayers .   Media Matters for America , the lefty outfit founded by David Brock , wrote up the segment under the headline , " Rachel Maddow Exclusive Debunks ‘ Extreme Vetting’ Propaganda Of Muslim Ban . "    Maddow MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow by saying , " Now tonight , we have got this , this is another leaked report . "   It was a document dated March 1 , apparently written by DHS’ Office of Intelligence and Analysis .   Maddow MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow to a graphic of the a document dated March 1 highlighting the words " for official use only . " In other words , the viewer was getting the good stuff .    Further describing the paper , she MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow : It was the paper with Customs and Border Protection , State Department , Immigration and Customs Enforcement —   ICE , National Counterterrorism Center , and the US Citizenship and Immigration Services . The immediate question that comes to mind , of course , is : Is the paper for real ?   Could it be the paper fake ?   Maddow said it was the paper :   I ’m not going to tell you how we got it , the paper the Department of Homeland Security has tonight confirmed to us that we is authentic , that this is this . Here Virgil might pause to make a point : He finds Virgil curious that DHS would be in such a hurry to confirm the document ’s authenticity .   Did the    people , having been contacted by Maddow , demand to see the original so that they could the   people it , the original for word ?   After all , it ’s the original to imagine that it could have been a hybrid document —   that is , part real , part fake , with , maybe , some sneaky interpolations aimed at making an    point .    Moreover , a close look at the actual document , including watermarks or metadata , might have helped authorities to identify the leaker .   And why , in any case , was DHS in such a hurry to help out MSNBC ?   Why confirm it on DHS deadline ?    Is    the Trump administration policy —    to serve , in effect , as a    for the MSM ?   To facilitate the work of leakers , and " leakees " ?   Did anyone think about saying to MSNBC , MSNBC No comment " ?   Or even , " The possession of a such a document , by anyone outside of the Department , is a violation .   So you ’ll soon be hearing from law enforcement wondering how you got it " ?   Given that none of that seems to have happened , is Virgil too paranoid if he suspects Virgil maybe at least some among the DHS    staff are happy to see items leaking out ?   Now of course , Virgil presumes Virgil the leaking ,    confirming , was the work of Deep Statists —   that is , career staffers , as opposed to Trump appointees .   And in fairness to the new Trump people Trump they have the new Trump people had a whole lot of time to put their own the new Trump people together .   Still , Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly was confirmed to his post Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly January 20 , six weeks ago .   And he spent Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly than four decades in the Marines , including time at the Pentagon —   so he knows Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly way Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly a bureaucracy . So Virgil might Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly : When does Team Trump plan on getting control of the DHS career staff ?   Today ?   Tomorrow ?   Never ?   Meanwhile , let ’s take a closer look at the document in question .   It was entitled , " Most      Violent Extremists Radicalized After Entering Homeland . "   And then Maddow got to her meat Maddow   Oh , and what ’s the key finding here ?   What ’s the key judgment here ?   This is it , " We assess that most      violent extremists likely radicalized several years after their entry most     violent extremists the United States , limiting the ability of screening and vetting officials to prevent their entry screening and vetting of national security concerns . " And then to Maddow ’s conclusion : Since the radicalization of    newcomers could n’t be judged or predicted , there was no point in even trying —   just let ‘ em all in .   As Maddow put Maddow : Oh , right , so much for extreme vetting , right ?   The whole justification , the whole explanation from this administration for the Muslim ban was to stop people coming into this country , at least for a while , right ?   At least for a while , it ’s a temporary travel ban so we can get the extreme vetting , In other words , Maddow seems Maddow be saying , if we ’re operating from ignorance , as to who ’s a potential threat , then the best thing to do is operate from even more ignorance .    We can observe : Not everyone agrees with the DHS leakers that it ’s hopeless to assess danger and who could be dangerous .   In fact , lots of good cops would say otherwise , and common sense says the same thing .   Meanwhile , even if Maddow , Maddow on that DHS paper DHS is correct about    " unknown knowns . " There ’s still such a thing as retrospective analysis —   that is , examining the data , whatever it might the data , after the fact , in order to identify correlations and patterns .   That sort of analysis can then be used to build better predictive models .   But of course , first you have to have the data the data value of    at every opportunity —   including at the entrance door .     Of course , Maddow ’s mission the other night was something much different : She wanted to Maddow yet another knife into " extreme vetting " and what she called " Maddow Muslim ban " :   I look at this , and you know what I think ? I think the Muslim ban is dead . Maddow is referring Maddow of course , to Trump ’s January 27 Executive Order , the one that has been clobbered by the MSM and waylaid by the courts .   That order was Trump’s January 27 Executive Order, the one that has been clobbered by the MSM and waylaid by the courts " Muslim ban " but , rather , an attempt to restrict entry from seven countries : Iraq , Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , and Yemen .   Indeed , the word " Muslim " does n’t even appear in Trump ’s document the phrase " Muslim ban " was applied by opponents , not proponents .   To be sure , the idea of some sort of restriction on potentially dangerous people was a key element of Trump ’s campaign . Trump candidate Trump said back in Trump : Until we are able to determine and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses , our country can not be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in Jihad , and have no sense of reason or respect for human life .   That is to say , it ’s part of the reason it he is now the 45th President .   And in fact , Trump ’s instincts about homeland security have ample justification , even if the Deep State does n’t agree .    According to the Pew Center , for example , public opinion in the Muslim world shows considerable support for Sharia law and other radical ideas , including terroristic violence .   Indeed , our friend common sense tells us that the experience of traveling our the US from a village , in say , Yemen , can be , to put it mildly , psychologically disorienting .    In fact , a recent    illustrating this    has gone viral .   It shows two people on the this    : on the left , a woman in a niqab —   that is , a    veil , including the face —   and on the right , a drag queen , glammed up to the max , with flaming red hair , dressed in short shorts , long legs akimbo .   The woman in the niqab seemed placid enough as she sits next to the drag The woman in the niqab , but one can only guess the impact on , for instance , a hormonal young man from a repressed culture .      Actually , we can do more than guess as to what can happen . We can review recent history , which is littered with cases of younger Muslims , mostly male , acting violently in America :   We can note that each incident We slightly different . The Tsarnaevs were born in the former Soviet Union and spent their lives within the US welfare the former Soviet Union before plotting   .   Abdulazeez was born in Kuwait before moving to the US he had a job .   Abdulazeez of the two San Bernardino shooters , Farook —   who worked for the same county government that he then massacred —   was born in the US of Pakistani parents , while Malik was born in Pakistan , having gained lawful permanent residence in the US not long before she the US Americans .   And Malik was born in Pakistan , the Orlando shooter , born in New York , was of Afghan heritage .     So we can see : Some were born in the US , some not .   the US to have issues of mental illness ,    and drug abuse , and confusion over sexual identity .   Some were single , some were married , and some were married with children .     About the only thing that unites the four cases is that the perpetrators were Muslim .   So at the risk of being    correct , that fact would seem to suggest the general area where the search for greater public safety could begin .   Yet , of course , Maddow and Maddow allies Maddow the left do n’t concur they insist on seeing the issue only through Maddow and her allies on the left lens of their own PC .   And to preserve Maddow and her allies on the left plausibility of their increasingly stressed PC worldview , lefties are Maddow and her allies on the left to play    —   or , some might say , twist the truth .   This verbal gamesmanship from the    at Vox , trashing Trump ’s January 27 order , Trump : None of the perpetrators of the major US terrorist attacks carried out in the name of Islam in the past 15 years have come from the nations on that list .   [ emphasis added ]   Yes , we can pause over that slyly insinuated word , " major . " Because in fact , at least two attacks in the last decade , in North Carolina and in Ohio , were carried out by individuals from the targeted countries .   But evidently , homicidalists’ plowing vehicles into pedestrians counts only as " minor . " Speaking of    we can return to that DHS document DHS the one on Maddow ’s Maddow Maddow’s that dangerous radicalism often emerges only after an immigrant had lived here for a while , thus " limiting " the value of vetting , extreme or otherwise .   So we must ask : If we are n’t sure who we precisely , could be we , does n’t that suggest a general strategy of caution ?   Might n’t we look , for example , at the fate of Europe —   where there have been tens of thousands of murders , and other serious crimes , at the hands of    terrorists —   and start drawing some obvious conclusions ? With that thought in mind , perhaps the Department of Homeland Security Homeland Security   Rachel Maddow and Maddow go on her show with just Maddow message : Better safe than sorry .    Maybe the DHS    DHS    actually seize an opportunity to advance the Trump agenda .   But would Maddow even agree to such Trump booking ?   That ’s an unknown .   All we know for sure is that the Deep Statists at DHS , and their friends at MSNBC , know exactly how to connect DHS each other . 
 