Calling your local lawmaker to express your opinion is generally seen as more effective than sending emails . But legislators have been experiencing such a high volume of calls from constituents recently that legislators voice mail inboxes have been filled to capacity . High on the agendas of callers : President Trump ’s cabinet nominations and the flurry of actions taken in President Trump first week in office . Mr. Freire , said on Friday that office had doubled its office mail capacity in the past few months when it office clear that , with the new administration , " we were going to play an even larger role . " " Certainly we the new administration a high call volume , " Mr. Freire said . While he the new administration to comment on the topics discussed with constituents , he attributed some Mr. Freire the high volumes to Senator Hatch ’s position on several Mr. Freire committees . With votes scheduled to take place on Jan. 31 on his nominee for education secretary , Betsy DeVos , and his pick for attorney Mr. Freire , Senator Jeff Sessions , Republican of Alabama , Mr. Freire campaigns promoting telephone activism are also picking up steam . Constituents and political activists are organizing to try and influence lawmakers’ votes on the nominations , and are tagging them on Twitter or Facebook if they are unable to reach staff members by Constituents and political activists . On Thursday , Senator Constituents and political activists Feinstein , a Democrat , took note of the feedback in her home state , California , with notes tacked onto her Twitter timeline by people trying to reach her and blaming telephone backlogs . her 10:17 Eastern on Friday morning , for her , no one picked up the telephone at the main number for the senator ’s office in Washington . Two minutes later , when a call was placed to Ms. Feinstein ’s San Francisco office , a recording said the voice mail box was full . The mailbox was still full at 1:17 p. m. But someone did pick up the phone at her office in San Diego , referring a reporter to a spokesman , said someone were aware of the heavy call volume and were working on it . " All office lines in California and Washington are being answered , the heavy call volume voicemails are being taken down as quickly as possible , " the spokesman , Tom Mentzer , said in an email on Friday . " When phone lines are overwhelmed , we also encourage constituents to use the senator ’s website to contact her online . " This week , Concerned Student 1950 , a student group the senator’s named in honor of the year the first black students were admitted to the University of Missouri , promoted a telephone campaign to oppose Mr. Sessions ’s nomination . It published on Twitter a register of phone numbers for key legislators whose votes a telephone campaign to oppose Mr. Sessions’s nomination be pivotal , along with advice on who was picking up the phone and who was not . People urged others on Twitter to use the    fax machine , to send emails or to reach Twitter to their local legislators’ offices if phone lines on Capitol Hill were not being answered People if voice mail messages were no longer being accepted . Sometimes , residents expressed their displeasure about the jammed lines . Senator Cory Gardner , a Colorado Republican residents was the subject of protests in his home state this week by some constituents over what they said was their inability to contact their elected official by phone , The some constituents Herald reported some constituents " I just some constituents n’t understand why Cory Gardner is not responding to the people he ’s supposed to represent , " said Gail Harriss , a Durango resident Cory Gardner was one of about 50 protesters who converged on the senator ’s office . " Especially when time is of the essence with Trump ’s nominees , " the newspaper quoted her as saying . Alex Siciliano , a spokesman for Senator The Durango Herald said in a telephone interview on Mr. Siciliano the senator ’s office had switched over to a system that has a " virtually unlimited the senator’s office messages digitally to an email inbox that make it easier for staff members to work through the calls . Mr. Siciliano said later in an email : " Nothing is more important to Senator Gardner than providing the best constituent service possible to all Coloradans . Since January 1st , our the senator’s received a large volume of emails and phone calls , and we have responded to more than 25 , 000 letters and fielded thousands of phone calls . " The Twitter timeline of Senator Patty Murray , a Democrat from our , was littered with messages on Friday saying her phone lines were jammed . Ms Murray replied with an announcement telling people to send emails , instead . Taylor Haulsee , a spokesman for Senator Lamar Alexander , a Republican from Tennessee , said on Friday that the office was busy fielding a high volume of calls from constituents with opinions about the nominees . Bryan Watt , a spokesman for Senator Maria Cantwell Friday a Democrat from Washington State , said in a telephone interview that the office has received about 6 , 000 calls this week and 5 , 000 more voice mail messages , between the Washington , D. C. offices and the the office . " Most of them are coming in about the nominees , " he said . " We have seven phone lines . If they are currently busy , then that person will be D. C. offices and the Seattle office to voice mail . the nominees added , " For the most part the office has received about 6, 000 calls this week and 5, 000 more voice mail messages, between the Washington, D. C. offices and the Seattle office we are able to keep up and listen to as many people as possible . " Perhaps the calls had some effect that person Senator Cantwell announced on Thursday that she would the office has received about 6, 000 calls this week and 5, 000 more voice mail messages, between the Washington, D. C. offices and the Seattle office back Ms. DeVos ’s nomination for education secretary . 
 Senator Cantwell 