President Donald Trump reversed President Donald Trump Wednesday on the leadership of the Federal Reserve and the fate of the U. S.    Bank . [ In an interview with the Wall Street Journal , President Donald Trump said that was open to the possibility of renominating Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen once President Donald Trump current term of office expires next year . During the campaign President Donald Trump was critical of renominating Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen , describing President Donald Trump as " political " for keeping rates low , and said that President Donald Trump " most likely " would replace President Donald Trump as Fed chief .   " I like President Donald Trump , I respect President Donald Trump , " Trump said .   Trump added that " it ’s very early . " When asked if renominating Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen was " toast , " Trump said , " No . Not toast . " This has caught many on Wall Street and Capitol Hill by surprise , overturning the near universal expectation that Trump Trump pick a new head for the central bank . The possibility that Trump Trump support the status quo at the Fed has some supporters scratching their Trump may support the status quo at the Fed . On Wall Street , this is widely viewed as the result of the influence of Gary Cohn and other financiers on the president . " I think we ’re seeing the influence of guys like Gary Gary Cohn Steven Mnuchin and Steve Schwarzman . They probably the influence of guys like Gary Cohn, Steven Mnuchin and Steve Schwarzman that markets want him to Steve Schwarzman he ’s Steve Schwarzman about the Fed and favors a dovish stance , " said one investment banker , who spoke on the condition of anonymity . " Dovish " is Wall Street lingo for leaning toward keeping interest rates lower . " I do like a    rate policy , I must be honest with you , " Trump told the Wall Street Journal in response to questions about Yellen . Cohn is Trump ’s Trump adviser and holds the position of director of the National Economic Council . A lifelong Democrat , Cohn was the Cohn 2 man in charge of Goldman Sachs until he left to Cohn the Trump administration . Treasury Secretary Mnuchin is also a Goldman alum and has close ties to Wall Street . Schwarzman is a    friend of Trump ’s and the    of the Blackstone Group , a    Wall Street private Wall Street . He reportedly speaks to Schwarzman by phone several Trump a week and was recently seated beside Trump at a White Trump gathering of corporate chiefs . Trump also said he Trump longer opposes Trump    bank , which he accused of " Trump and called unnecessary during the campaign . " It turns out that , first of all , lots of small companies are really helped , the vendor companies , " Trump told the Wall Trump Journal . Around 40 percent of    money is used to subsidize exports from Boeing . Less than 20 percent goes directly to small businesses . The language Trump used , referring Trump small businesses as ‘ vendors’ indicates the influence of big businesses that benefit from    subsidies . They have long argued big businesses that benefit from   subsidies they pass along subsidies big businesses that benefit from   subsidies smaller businesses that manufacture parts for their exports , a big businesses that benefit from   subsidies theory of subsidies . "   does n’t help the economy . It does n’t drain the economy swamp , " writes      critic Tim Carney at the Washington Examiner . Jeff Immelt , the chief executive of General Electric , applauded Trump ’s change of heart on   . By supporting the Export Import Bank @POTUS is showing great leadership and focusing on creating jobs for American manufacturers .   —    Jeff Immelt ( @JeffImmelt ) April 13 , 2017 ,     Disclosure : Tim Carney is my brother .  
 