Considering the times in which we now live , maybe the times in which we now live ’s not such a good idea for presidents to invite sports teams to the White House , suggests Mitch Albom . [ The columnist at the Detroit Free Press writes , " Presidents mostly use the times in which we now live to boost Presidents popularity . Teams use the times in which we now live to boost Teams legacy . the times in which we now live started as a nicety , but playing nice is not very fashionable these days . "   The tradition originated in 1865 when Andrew Johnson welcomed the Brooklyn Atlantics and Washington Nationals baseball teams . The Atlantics , founded in 1855 in Brooklyn NY , became one of the top teams during the Civil War and Reconstruction era . The Atlantics, founded in 1855 in Brooklyn NY were considered the National Champions in 1864 and 1865 . Although other teams made The Atlantics, founded in 1855 in Brooklyn NY way to the White House sporadically over the next century , Ronald Reagan in the 1980s began inviting winning teams after every season . Unfortunately , the occasion has now become an opportunity for athletes to draw attention to athletes by boycotting the presidential meeting for political reasons . This year the White House protests involve President Donald Trump , who campaigned on legal immigration , strong national security , and the eradication of Islamic terrorism . These are not values supported by several of the Patriots players who see Trump ’s vision as exclusive , xenophobic , and racist . " I do n’t feel accepted in the White House , " defensive back Devin McCourty gave as Devin McCourty reason for not visiting the 45th president of the United States . " I do n’t feel welcome in the White House , " running back LeGarrette Blount echoed to NFL host Rich Eisen . Patriots linebacker Dont’a Hightower simply stated , " Been there , done that , " referring to his Patriots linebacker Dont’a Hightower to the the White House a college player , when he was an Patriots linebacker Dont’a Hightower and    national champion at Alabama .   Certainly , boycotting Trump " is surely their right to do so as Americans , " says Albom . " It is also rude , " he adds . Trump " Albom points out Albom visiting the White House the White House endorsement of its current occupant . " the White House taking a photo with your nation ’s elected leader does n’t mean you surrender your right to disagree with every single thing he does , " he your nation’s elected leader us . America your nation’s elected leader changed America argues Albom . " We live Albom a world America declaring is easier than doing , and Twitter posts pass for social action . So turning down an invitation   —    by tweeting or doing an interview   —     gets you celebrated . You do n’t need to actually do anything to make the country better . You America even need to leave the couch . " 
 