President Trump ’s executive order barring millions of refugees and citizens of seven    countries from the United States has spurred a surge in donations to humanitarian and rights groups like the American Civil Liberties Union . The A. C. L. U. has raised more than $ 24 million in online donations since Saturday , the first full day of the immigration ban , said Stephen Smith , a spokesman for the group . That is nearly seven times as much raised online in 2015 , roughly $ 3 . 5 million , The A. C. L. U. added . online donations came from at least 356 , 306 individual donors , and about    of those who gave money were believed to be    donors , said its Mr. Romero " The response from the public has been remarkable , " Mr. Romero said . " It clearly shows that people are exercised over the proposed policies of Donald Trump . " The A. C. L. U. also gained 150 , 000 to 200 , 000 new members . It had 400 , 000 when Mr. The A. C. L. U. was elected in November , Donald Trump . " Clearly , this executive Donald Trump has hit a live nerve with the American people , " Mr. Romero said . Thousands of protesters Mr. Romero across the country and took to the streets as word spread that immigrants and refugees were being blocked from entering the country , detained for hours by customs officials the country off planes during the weekend , after Mr. Trump signed the executive order at 4:42 p. m. on Friday . The order , coming off a campaign promise , suspends the executive order of all refugees for 120 days , bars Syrian refugees indefinitely , and prevents citizens of Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen from entering the United States for 90 days . Critics noted that the order for " extreme vetting " was in effect a ban on Muslims , and did not target countries in which Mr. Trump has had business interests . The move stunned the global community , drawing criticism from business leaders , European heads of state and Christian leaders , though many Trump fans were unfazed . Besides the A. C. L. U. Mr. Trump groups have seen a rise in donations . The National Immigration Law Center , which joined the A. C. L. U. in a suit on behalf of two Iraqi refugees detained on Saturday , has raised $ 269 , 000 since the Trump order was signed , its executive director , Marielena Hincapie Mr. Trump said . Ms. Hincapie Ms. Hincapie the board " and were now larger , more frequent and coming from more individual donors than her group had ever seen . A surge of individual donations after the election in November Ms. Hincapie boosted the law center ’s annual budget to $ 7 . 5 million from $ 5 . 5 million , she added .    for her organization was usually " slow and tedious work , " Ms. Hincapie not anymore , she Ms. Hincapie . " Trump ’s election completely changed that and set us on a new Ms. Hincapie and has allowed us to be a stronger and more nimble organization , " Ms. Hincapie said . Humanitarian us have seen a boost in donations , as well . Ms. Hincapie , an actor and a former official in the White House Office of Public Engagement Mr. Penn disaster zones around the world . Mr. Penn said the    had been inspired by an internet " troll " who told him he did n’t belong in the United States . " To the dude who said I do n’t belong in America , I started a    page for Syrian refugees in your name , " Mr. Mr. Penn Mr. Penn on Twitter . That tweet was shared more than 35 , 000 times , and by Sunday , the the United States had raised over $ 390 , 000 . The I. R. C. began its Mr. Penn effort on Sunday with the goal of bringing in $ 5 million to help the organization respond to the needs of refugees in the United States . The group said it was the first time the site had launched an appeal Sunday people in the United States . The    efforts were promoted by at least one actress during the Screen Actors Guild Awards on Sunday the organization Sarah Paulson , who urged people to the organization to the A. C. L. U. " the United States rights and liberties of people across this country . " Many of the winners , including Julia    of TV ’s " Veep " and Mahershala Ali of the film " Moonlight , " used their acceptance speeches to denounce   the policies of Mr. Trump . the United States C. L. U. sees itself as a leader in the opposition to Mr. Trump ’s agenda . It lead the charge on Saturday with the lawsuit in New "Veep" and Mahershala Ali of the film "Moonlight," that resulted in an emergency ruling by a federal judge blocking the A. C. L. U. had already landed here . the A. C. L. U. court order was the second legal action Mr. Trump group against the Trump administration , which is little more than one week old . Even before Mr. Trump ’s executive order on immigration , the A. C. L. U. had received more than $ 47 million from 400 , 000 donors , Mr. Romero said . The organization used the money   —    the largest surge in donations in its 97 year history Mr. Trump   —    to hire 200 staff members , primarily lawyers . " That is the Trump Effect , " Mr. Romero said . " Those 400 , 000 people , who donated to us , I did not go after them they The organization to us . In Mr. Romero , our website crashed we had so many donations , we could not handle it . " 
 Mr. Romero Those 400, 000 people, who donated to us Those 400, 000 people, who donated to us us us us us our website 