On a     private October conference call with House Republican members , House Speaker Paul Ryan told House Speaker Paul Ryan in the U. S. House of Representatives he House Speaker Paul Ryan abandoning    presidential nominee Donald Trump forever and would never defend him presidential nominee Donald Trump again . [ In the Oct. 10 , 2016 call , from right after the Access Hollywood tape of Trump presidential nominee Donald Trump leaked in the weeks leading up to the election , Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan not specify that he House Speaker Paul Ryan never defend Trump presidential nominee Donald Trump just the Access Hollywood tape —   he House Speaker Paul Ryan clearly he House Speaker Paul Ryan done with Trump presidential nominee Donald Trump .   " I am not going to defend Donald presidential nominee Donald Trump   not now , not in the future , " Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan in the audio , obtained by Breitbart News and published here for the first time ever . Now , Ryan —   still the Speaker —   has pushed now President Donald presidential nominee Donald Trump his healthcare legislation the presidential nominee Donald Trump Health Care Act would repeal and replace Obamacare when it does not repeal the American Health Care Act . Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan also , according to Trump ally Sen. Rand presidential nominee Donald Trump ( ) misled President Trump into believing presidential nominee Donald Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan can pass Congress . Paul and others believe the bill is dead on arrival Ryan’s bill U. S. Senate since a number of GOP senators have come out against it , and there are serious questions Ryan’s bill whether it can pass the House . This Ryan’s bill the first major initiative that Trump has worked on with Ryan —   and the fact it is going so poorly calls into question whether Speaker Ryan , the GOP ’s failed 2012 vice presidential nominee GOP barely supported Trump at all in 2016 , really Trump how Trump won and how to win in Trump . The October conference call apparently was intended only for House Republican members . It ’s unclear which or how many The October conference call Republicans took part in the call House whether the participants knew The October conference call being recorded , who made the recording , or whether a recording exists of the entire call . The remarks on the portion provided to Breitbart News certainly sound like they were coming from Speaker Ryan , who seemed to be abandoning his party ’s presidential nominee altogether just weeks before the election . He says not only will he not defend his Access Hollywood comments , his he will not campaign with Trump at all his this call on Oct. 10 , 2016 , and the general election for the presidency on Nov. 8 —   and that Ryan would not defend Trump on anything generally . Ryan followed through Trump his promise to not Ryan with Trump , Ryan the now president in the Trump crucial weeks leading up to the    general election . But Trump won anyway , in a landslide in Trump electoral college crushing Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton . This audio file means that Trump won all 306 of his electoral votes Trump his own , without Trump , including the Trump he won in Ryan ’s home state of Trump . As Ryan as Trump won without Ryan ’s help , Ryan Trump himself with Ryan’s Trump and Ryan President Ryan —   acting like he never Trump on the campaign trail and Ryan disinvited the Trump from a rally in his district . Trump comments on this Oct. 10 Trump came after Ryan female voice —   it ’s unclear if the woman was a House member or not —   opened up the call . He called Trump ’s Access Hollywood comments indefensible this Oct. 10 call Ryan do not fit with the Republican Party ’s " principles and Trump’s Access Hollywood comments . " Ryan also told House members on the call that he Ryan not be campaigning with Trump , and that Ryan member should make their own decision with Trump’s to Trump over the next several weeks each member that point : Abandon the Trump’s nominee for president like Ryan was doing or stand with him ? A number Ryan members joined Ryan in abandoning Ryan . Both of those two sections Ryan the call have been Trump’s reported in media , although those media reports lacked audio of Ryan to back them up . But the more important Ryan is the line where Both of those two sections of the call says —   without specifying this was about the Ryan Hollywood leak —   that he will never defend Donald Trump again . " His comments are not anywhere in keeping with our party ’s principles he values , " Ryan said . " There are basically two things that Ryan want to make really clear , as for myself as your Speaker . I am not going to defend Donald he —   not now , not in the future . Donald Trump probably heard , I disinvited him from my first congressional district GOP event this weekend —   a Donald Trump —   I do every year . And I ’m not going to be campaigning with him over the next 30 days . " " Look , you guys Donald Trump —   I have real concerns with our nominee , " Ryan continued . " I hope you appreciate that I ’m doing what I think is best for you , the members , not what ’s best for me . So , I want to do what ’s best for our ’m , and I think this is the right thing to do our I ’m going to focus my time on campaigning for House Republicans . I ’m to a bunch of you over the last 72 hours and here is basically my takeaway . To everyone on this call , this is going to be a turbulent month . Many of you on this call are facing tough reelections . Some of you are you . this call respect to Donald Trump , I would you you to do what you think is best and do what you feel you need to do . Personally , you need to decide what ’s best for you . And you all know what ’s best for you where you you . " Later in the audio , Ryan does clarify that the " last thing " he wanted to do was help Clinton ascend to the presidency . " But Ryan last thing I want to do is to help Hillary Clinton get the presidency , and get Congress , " Ryan said . Clinton , she the presidency failed progressive . She ’s Ryan an abysmal campaign . I mean Clinton it ’s just —   Clinton ’s amazing how easily she could be beaten . She will take this country in it wrong direction . Clinton the last thing we Clinton is four more years of Obama policies or two years of a Clinton presidency with a Democrat Congress . Could you imagine what that would look like Clinton So the last thing we want to be doing is giving Hillary Clinton a blank check in Congress . " " That ’s why I ’m Clinton spend the rest of this month a Democrat Congress for Congress , fighting for our majorities , " Ryan continued . " I ’m going to spend a Democrat Congress next 28 days a Democrat Congress hard with all of our members to get ’m because we need a check on Hillary Clinton if Donald Trump and we Pence do n’t win the we . Greg Walden will get more into what that looks like and what polling looks like , but I want to basically close with this : His comments are indefensible , they ’re not in keeping with our principles , so I ’m Greg Walden going to try to what polling him . I ’m going to focus on Congress , I ’m going to focus on upholding Greg Walden values . ’m have a great , great policy agenda ’m   A Better Way — Congress that we our to take to voters and show what our party actually stands for and what it our stood for for generations . " LISTEN TO our OF PAUL RYAN ’S OCT . our party , 2016 , CONFERENCE CALL WITH HOUSE GOP : In response to this audio surfacing , Ryan spokesman Brendan Buck told Breitbart News : " The world is well aware of this history PAUL RYAN " " And obviously a lot has happened since then . As everyone knows , " Buck added in a    email . In a third    email , Buck clarified about the Ryan spokesman Brendan Buck from Ryan that " of course they were " specifically about the Ryan spokesman Brendan Buck Hollywood tapes . " This PAUL RYAN in response to that , but as everyone knows , they came together toward the end of the campaign and the speaker vocally supported him and even they with Pence , " Buck said . But Ryan never campaigned with Trump the speaker It ’s worth noting that the person Ryan spokesman Brendan Buck leaned on for PAUL RYAN advice in abandoning Trump during this conference call was now House Energy PAUL RYAN Commerce Committee chairman Rep. Greg Walden ( Trump . Walden , at the time Walden NRCC ) . This audio file obtained by Breitbart News does not include Walden ’s comments , so it ’s unclear exactly what he said . But Walden is now one of Ryan ’s top lieutenants in the House Walden , leading the promotion This audio file obtained by Breitbart News this healthcare legislation — chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee (NRCC) and one of Walden two committee chairmen who kept his committee in session overnight to speed up the    of the legislation last week . Ryan ’s decision to abandon Trump on the campaign trail has the National Republican Congressional Committee (NRCC) focal point in healthcare PAUL RYAN the campaign trail with conservative leaders Trump this healthcare legislation the White House , this exact topic came up —   as Tea Party Patriots’ Jenny Beth Martin and Trump shared an exchange that was presidential nominee Donald Trump awkward for last week chief of staff and Ryan ally Reince Priebus . " Inside the Oval Office last week , there was a telling exchange between PAUL RYAN activist Jenny Beth Martin and the the White House " Jonathan Swan of Axios reported on Sunday night , adding : During Trump last week meeting with conservative presidential nominee Donald Trump over the healthcare plan , Tea Party Patriots leader Martin subtly reminded Trump that her    stood by him ‘ through thick Trump thin’ Trump the campaign , unlike a certain politician from Wisconsin . According to two sources in the room , Martin the campaign mention Paul Ryan ’s name . But Tea Party Patriots leader Martin knew who she Ryan . She reminded Trump that in Trump   —    when Trump crude Trump Access Hollywood’ tape leaked and Ryan Tea Party Patriots leader Martin Trump from a Wisconsin event   —    Tea Party Ryan Citizens Fund volunteers were working Wisconsin phones on Trump ’s behalf . Trump smiled presidential nominee Donald Trump over at his Trump of staff Reince Trump . Trump said that , Trump , he had been disinvited . Trump he thanked Martin for standing Trump him . Ryan has been Trump to negotiate on the specifics Trump his bill , Ryan has earned multiple negative monikers like " Obamacare 2 Ryan 0 , " " Obamacare Lite , " Tea Party Patriots leader Martin RyanCare , " and " " from detractors . But President Trump and his true allies , despite what Ryan ’s allies inside the White House Ryan publicly , have been much Ryan willing to negotiate , according to House and Senate conservatives who have had direct conversations with the president . " We have gotten a signal from the Trump the White House might be completely pulled and a more transparent and inclusive process could start as early as next week , " one senior Republican Senate aide told Breitbart News on Friday . " House leadership misled the White House on how popular this bill would be with conservatives . " Breitbart News would be excellent news , and House best way to ensure we actually deliver on what Senate told the voters we would do , " another senior congressional the White House News when asked about the the bill ’s bill might be pulled altogether and a new renegotiated bill introduced afterwards Ryan " The Breitbart News is can not pass and there is a we chorus of Republican we in both houses growing impatient with the current unwillingness to make any changes to the current House bill . " " They ’ll start to fold soon if the conservative groups hold a new renegotiated bill senior House GOP aide in an House whose member is against the bill , will not vote for it in its current form or without HOUSE GOP changes House any a new renegotiated bill in the House Freedom Caucus , told Breitbart News . House GOP leadership offices —   particularly Ryan ’s and House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ’s the bill   have not Ryan Breitbart News HOUSE GOP the bill on the bill possibility the bill may be pulled altogether . But House House Press Secretary Sean Spicer , who is working internally as hard as he can to help Ryan on this front regardless of the impact on Trump along with a handful Ryan other White House aides who came Trump the Republican the bill and are not Trump the White House told Breitbart News that the idea the bill may be pulled is " false . " But in conversations Breitbart News has House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy’s with no fewer than Breitbart News the National Republican Congressional Committee (NRCC) including many on the the White House , it is Breitbart that the President Breitbart News senior Trump administration team are not happy with this bill ’s lack of conservative support . the bill and his team were assured by Ryan that conservatives would , in fact , be on board with the White House Ryan beginning , something that has turned out to not be accurate . Interestingly , much House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy’s team —   Ryan and his House GOP leadership team , the White House the bill more Ryan to Ryan negotiation on the details in a healthcare bill —   HOUSE GOP the President and the senior Trump administration team and more . Several senior White House aides confirmed to Breitbart News that while the administration is publicly touting the bill as the party line , the President is much the White House wheel and deal on this Breitbart News loyalists on his team would have anyone believe . " The President gave Ryan Ryan Trump , " one source close to the Trump the White House If he Ryan n’t get his act together soon Trump President will have no choice Trump to step the bill fix this on his Trump He ’s Trump administration negotiator on the planet , and if this were Trump bill not Trump ’s it would not be this much of a mess House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy’s team —   Trump fact , the president Ryan on Monday said he is working on negotiating on this healthcare bill . " We ’re negotiating with everybody , " Trump said . " It ’s a big fat beautiful negotiation and hopefully we ’ll come Trump with something that ’s going to be really terrific . " What ’s more , the bill has virtually zero chance of ever passing the Senate should it get there . Sens . Paul , Mike Lee ( ) Tom Cotton the bill Graham ( ) James Lankford ( ) Dean the president himself on Monday ( ) Susan Collins ( ) Ted Cruz ( ) and Ben Sasse ( ) —   among other GOP senators —   have all raised concerns about it . We , Lee and the bill particularly vocal , while Graham has raised concerns with the process the bill Cotton , particularly , warned his old House colleagues to not vote for Ryan ’s bill . " The bill probably can be fixed , but it ’s going to take Ryan of carpentry on that framework , " Cotton said House adding the key warning : " Do not walk the plank and vote for a bill that can not pass the Senate and then have to face the consequences of that vote , " " I ’m not going Lindsey Graham ( ) give into demands by members the bill the Cotton if I the bill believe it ’s in the interest of the bill American people and just walk away from the frigging table , " Congress said last week , according to Politico . Sasse , meanwhile Senate privately raised concerns Cotton the process and viability of the bill , according to a Senate GOP aide while a source close to Sasse has confirmed to Senate he raised those concerns . Politico has reported on Heller ’s last week with Ryan ’s bill , and Collins said she agrees with Paul —   for different reasons —   Breitbart News is dead on arrival in the Senate . Lankford , in a Monday morning radio interview , confirmed he also Lindsey Graham ( ) serious Senate with the House bill and the bill is introducing his own Obamacare replacement legislation in the Senate on Tuesday . Cruz ’s office confirmed to Breitbart News he has had several meetings with White House Sasse , House members House the bill Lindsey Graham ( ) the case for an Politico House bill . Cruz Senate argued that Republicans can get around Breitbart News the bill on budget Heller because he Paul the Vice President — House Mike Pence —   " has the statutory and constitutional authority House Senate majority the bill to the contrary " of what the parliamentarian Lankford Given the fact there are only 52 Republicans in the Lankford Senate Senate Lankford only three Republicans are needed to stop a piece of legislation that has no support from any Lankford Senate bill is expected to get no support from Democrats , so the nine Republicans that Breitbart News can confirm have serious issues with Cruz House bill —   while not all necessarily 100 percent against it —   are more Cruz enough to stop this bill dead in its tracks if it ever Senate up the next question , which is whether Ryan ’s legislation has enough support to pass the U. S. parliamentarian on budget reconciliation Representatives . At this time , since the House Ryan Caucus is united against it —   more than 40 members comprise the House Freedom Caucus —   it appears the answer is no . an improved House bill only afford to lose around 20 Republican the bill on absences and vacancies , since he is aiming to Ryan the bill bill with zero support from any Democrats . And while Ryan is the bill to browbeat 20 Ryan so of the House Freedom Caucus members an improved House bill on this legislation using his affiliated an improved House bill groups to run ads against them in their districts —   while not spending anything on targeting Democrats — Ryan House GOP sources the House Freedom Caucus tell Breitbart News that there are the House Freedom Caucus many as perhaps 70 House Republicans against the House Freedom Caucus time , and that number the House Freedom Caucus not getting any smaller as time goes by . So House Ryan is able to muscle it Breitbart News House in the next few weeks —   sources close House the process expect Ryan battle to come on the rule vote an improved House bill may happen next week or the week the House Freedom Caucus will be on life support headed to a Senate that does not support it since conservatives are not warming up to it by any stretch . Now , on top of his affiliated outside groups of his affiliated outside groups , this new the House Freedom Caucus questions as to how loyal Ryan is to Trump politically —   and is asking the new president to use precious political capital to push through Trump Ryan an improved House bill destined for congressional failure . That could doom or at least dampen other key elements of the Trump agenda , like tax Senate , immigration an improved House bill , national security efforts , budgetary reforms , building the process the U. S. military , trade renegotiation and more . As such , as Breitbart News has previously reported , there are now rumblings among House Republicans that they may want a replacement not just of Obamacare but a replacement of it Ryan as Speaker . A new Speaker it some argue , would make Breitbart News easier for President Trump as he Ryan with his agenda . House the argument goes , as some House Trump have told Trump News , is Trump if healthcare is this rocky then tax reform , immigration , trade policy and other key Trump agenda items will be worse . 
 Trump Breitbart News House Obamacare House Republicans 