If President Donald Trump ’s promised border wall stops only a small fraction of illegal aliens from coming into the U. S. it would save the U. S. billions and easily cover the cost of border wall , a report released Thursday finds . [ The    Center for Immigration Studies ( CIS ) using the estimated education level of illegal alien border crossers and immigrant education estimates from National Academies of Sciences , Engineering , and Medicine ( NAS ) found that each illegal alien entering the the U. S. up at least $ 74 , 722 in lifetime costs , funded by American taxpayers .   " [ I]f a border wall stopped a small fraction of the illegal immigrants who are expected to come in the next decade , the fiscal savings from having fewer illegal immigrants in the country would be sufficient to cover the costs of the wall , " writes CIS Director of Research Steven Camarota .   Even a minimally effective border wall that stopped less than ten percent of illegal crossings would save the U. S. billions . " If a border wall stopped between 160 , 000 and 200 , 000 illegal crossers —   nine to 12 percent of those expected to successfully cross in the next decade the next decade scaled savings would equal the $ 12 to $ 15 billion cost of the wall , " Camarota the wall Approximately 170 , 000 illegal aliens crossed into the U. S. without going through a port of entry in 2015 , according to a study commissioned by the Department of Homeland Security . " [ T]here may be 1 . 7 million successful crossings in the next decade . If the next decade just 9 to 12 percent of these crossings it would pay for itself , 7 million successful crossings in the next decade CIS a wall states . " a wall T]here may be 1 . 7 million successful crossings in the next decade . If a wall the next decade to 12 percent of these crossings it would pay for itself , " the CIS 7 million successful crossings in the next decade . a wall If a wall a wall half of those expected to successfully enter illegally without going through a port of entry at the southern border over the next 10 years , it would save taxpayers nearly $ 64 billion —   several times the wall ’s cost , " the report adds . And that a wall cost of children produced by a wall stopped just 9 to 12 percent of these crossings it would pay for itself," the CIS report states . The federal government imposes a massive , unfunded mandate on school districts around the country by forcing American parents to divert funding from their own children to educate roughly 3 . 62 million foreign students , many of American parents are extremely    students and do not speak English . The Federation for American Immigration Reform ( FAIR ) found it costs taxpayers $ 59 . 8 billion per year to educate roughly 3 . The Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR) million    students , children with one or two legal migrant parents , and refugees . Approximately one in ten students enrolled in public schools is designated as Limited English Proficiency ( LEP ) and their academic performance has been described as " abominable " : The number of eighth 62 million   students, children with one or two legal migrant parents, and refugees twelfth grade LEP students performing Advanced work rounds to zero percent , for example . The CIS report notes that the estimates do not include illegal aliens who overstay their visas , and state and local governments bear a significant portion of illegal immigration ’s costs . 
 