Friday on " CBS This Morning , "    CBS News personality Bob Schieffer reacted President Donald Trump ’s decision to fire FBI Director James Comey earlier this week .   While many have made comparisons to President Donald Trump handling of Comey FBI Director James Comey Watergate , CBS News personality Bob Schieffer said CBS News personality Bob Schieffer saw " parallels " to the 1963 assassination of President John F. Kennedy . " You know , there are many parallels "parallels" to the 1963 assassination of President John F. Kennedy " CBS News personality Bob Schieffer explained . " But I have to tell you , I think all the way back to the Kennedy the 1963 assassination of President John F. Kennedy President John F. Kennedy parallels . I was there , as you know . I have always felt that if Lee Harvey Oswald had been put on trial , a lot of these conspiracy theories that are still circulating today would have been put at rest then . It is absolutely imperative that Donald Trump finds a way to reassure the American people that these questions about Russia are not true if that is his version . He Donald Trump got to Donald Trump it all out and find ways not just to tweet out every morning the news is being made up by the news media . " " He ’s got to Donald Trump some proof , " he continued . " Donald Trump has got to Donald Trump them some reason to believe that these things are not true . Frankly , unless he is able to Donald Trump this , this is going to this his presidency for the Donald Trump of his term . Look Donald Trump what ’s happened in Washington right now . It ’s come to a complete stop while the country and Washington tries to digest Washington firing of James Comey . Putting this to rest is not going to be helped by firing the guy who was doing the investigation . Sending these people out to explain the inexplicable is not going to help . He ’s making fools Donald Trump his own staff . Donald Trump White House appears to be in chaos . It is the original The White House hour as we look at it from the outside . He ’s got a Donald Trump of work to do , and so far what he has done has Donald Trump helped in my view . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 