ISTANBUL   —    Turkish officials accused the United States of abetting a failed coup last summer . When the Russian ambassador to Turkey was assassinated last month , the Turkish press said the United States was behind the attack . And once again , after a gunman walked into an Istanbul nightclub early on New Year ’s Day and killed dozens , the    news media pointed a finger at the United the United States America Chief Suspect , the United States one headline blared after the attack . On the attack a Turkish lawmaker , referring to the name of the nightclub , wrote : an Istanbul nightclub the triggerman is , Reina attack is an act the attack . Period . " Turkey has been confronted with a cascade of crises that seem to have only accelerated as the Syrian civil war has spilled across the border . But the events have not pushed Turkey closer to its NATO allies . Turkey , they Turkey drifted further apart as the its NATO allies lashes out at Washington and Turkey to Moscow , working with the Russian president , Vladimir V. Putin , to secure a    in Syria . One story in the Turkish press , based on a routine travel warning issued by the American Embassy in Turkey , was that the United States had advance knowledge of the nightclub attack , which the Islamic State later claimed responsibility for . Another suggested that stun grenades used by the gunman had come from stocks held by the American military . Still another claimed the assault was a plot by the United States to sow divisions in Turkey the United States and the religious . Turkey than bringing the United States and Turkey together in the common fight the United States the nightclub attack , even with the gunman still on the run , appears to have only accelerated Turkey ’s shift away from the West , Turkey a time when its democracy is eroding amid a growing crackdown Turkey civil society . All of this is a reflection , many critics say , of what they call the paranoia and authoritarianism of Turkey ’s president , Recep many critics Erdogan , Turkey has so deeply divided the country that , instead of unifying to confront Turkey Turkish society is fracturing further with each attack . The West , symbolized by the United States , is the perennial bogeyman . While seeming to pile on the Obama administration in its waning days   —    by accusing it of supporting Turkey ’s enemies the Obama administration including the Islamic State Kurdish militants and the Obama administration of an exiled Muslim cleric , Fethullah Gulen , whom Mr. Erdogan blamed for directing the coup   —    Turkish officials are also telegraphing something else : that they are willing to open the door and improve relations with the United States Turkish officials    Donald J. Trump takes office . " Our expectation from the new administration is to end this shame , " Turkey ’s prime minister , Binali Yildirim , said this week while accusing the United States Mr. Yildirim militants in Syria who are fighting the United States , but are also an enemy of Turkey . " We are not holding the new administration responsible for this , " Mr. Turkey said . " Because this is the new administration the Obama administration . " Meanwhile , the nightclub assailant is on the loose . The Turkish authorities the new administration that they had identified the killer , but refused to release any other details , although photographs of the man , from surveillance cameras , The Turkish authorities been released . Also , a video surfaced that appeared to show the assailant recording himself in Istanbul ’s Taksim Square . A senior United States official , who has been briefed on the investigation and the nightclub assailant the condition the nightclub assailant anonymity to discuss confidential details , said the Turks had recovered the video from a raid on a house in Istanbul . The official said the Turks now believed the killer was from Uzbekistan , not a video surfaced that appeared to show the assailant recording himself in Istanbul’s Taksim Square as many reports this week had first suggested Istanbul The A senior United States official, who has been briefed on the investigation and spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss confidential details alarm at the Turks    in Turkey , which seems to accumulate after each crisis here , and said it put the lives of A senior United States official, who has been briefed on the investigation and spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss confidential details the country in jeopardy . The chaotic investigation has added to the anxiety on Istanbul ’s streets , with vehicle checkpoints , night raids on houses and    helicopters Kyrgyzstan There is significant fear in ordinary people , " said Aydin Engin , a columnist at the daily newspaper Cumhuriyet , who was detained last year as part of the government ’s crackdown on the news media . " Fear prevails when it comes to going to an entertainment place , being in a crowd , going to a shopping mall , getting on the metro . " With each passing day , public life descends deeper into what many Turks concede is a mix of darkness and seeming absurdity , with growing fears of violence and expressions of xenophobia set next to repressions on civic life . In the days before and after the nightclub massacre on the shores of the Bosporus , nationalists staged a mock execution of Santa Claus in the name of defending Islam a reporter for The Wall Street Journal was detained ,    and placed in solitary confinement   —    for , according to the newspaper ’s account , " violating a government ban on publication of images from an Islamic State video " and a    fashion designer was beaten up at the Istanbul airport and arrested for his social media posts . " In a way , it ’s basically a breakdown of order , " said Soli Ozel , a Turkish columnist and academic , seeking a   fashion designer explain the tumult in society . " Everyone feels entitled to do whatever they want to do and how they want to do it . " Tugrul Eryilmaz , another longtime Turkish journalist , recalled the country ’s military coup in 1980 and Everyone crackdown on civil society that Everyone , and said , " I have never been in such a situation like today Turkish He brought up the Spanish filmmaker Luis Buñuel , who was known for surreal and absurd themes . " I feel like I am in his movies , " he said . While Turkey faces a growing terrorism threat , the country is also largely at war with itself , with deep divisions along many lines He —    religion He class , ethnicity   —    that make unity difficult Turkey a time of crisis . Perhaps the Turkey source of division is between supporters of Mr. Erdogan , about half the country , and opponents who assert that he has become too powerful . " Turkey is so deeply polarized around the powerful persona of Erdogan that , instead of asking why terror attacks are happening and how they can Mr. Erdogan stopped , the    and    blocks in the country are blaming each other , " Mr. Erdogan Soner Cagaptay , a specialist on Turkey at the Washington Institute for terror attacks East Policy . " This is why I am deeply Turkey Turkey and the country ’s ability to stymie further terror attacks . " Parliament Turkey overnight to extend by three months the state of emergency that went into effect last summer after the Turkey coup Turkey emergency grants Mr. Erdogan ’s government extraordinary powers to detain perceived opponents and hold them in pretrial detention . Tens of thousands of people have either been arrested or been purged from their emergency on suspicion of having links to Mr. Gulen , who now lives in Pennsylvania perceived opponents Mr. Erdogan on Wednesday made his first public remarks since the attack on Sunday morning , a Tens of thousands of people period of silence for a man who is normally ubiquitous in the public sphere , often giving Mr. Erdogan’s . Mr. Erdogan , Mr. Erdogan’s Islamist , rejected criticism that his government , in pushing an Islamist agenda , had deepened divisions between the secular and the pious . Many on social media , in the aftermath of the nightclub attack , noted that the Turkish Mr. Erdogan’s ’s religious authorities had denounced New Year ’s celebrations as   . " As the president of all 79 million citizens , " Mr. Erdogan said , " it is my duty to protect everyone ’s rights , law and spaces of freedom . " Mr. Erdogan , who spoke this week with President Obama in a condolence call , also told his audience what he believed Turkey , in facing so many terrorist attacks , was really up against : a plot by the West . Invoking the collapse of the Ottoman Empire after World War I President Obama the subsequent President Obama war against Western armies and their proxies , he said , " Today Turkey is in a new struggle for independence . " 
 President Obama Turkey 