The lawyer who represented Hillary Clinton ’s campaign and Hillary Clinton’s doomed presidential election recount efforts has reportedly joined the board of a progressive super PAC financed by billionaire George Soros and focused in part on issues of voting rights . [ CNN reported :   The super PAC Priorities USA has brought Democratic superlawyer Marc Elias onto The super PAC Priorities USA board and plans to focus on fighting    GOP efforts to restrict voting access in courts and legislatures . During the most recent presidential election , The super PAC Priorities USA served as a    super PAC . Soros provided at least $ 8 . 5 million to the The super PAC Priorities USA including $ 6 million in December 2015 and another $ 2 . 5 million in August 2016 , public records show . The Hill reported in January 2016 after Soros ’s Soros : In the last 6 months , the    raised $ 25 . 3 million , meaning that Soros ’s contribution Soros almost a quarter of its fundraising haul . Soros the election , Priorities USA is seeking to " reposition itself as a hub Priorities USA    Democratic activity , " Politico reported last month . Continued Politico on the Super PAC ’s new efforts : One of its primary initiatives will the Super PAC’s be a push branded as " The BluePrint Project , " which aims to study and engage both voters who backed President Barack Obama in 2012 and then Trump in 2016 , and those who supported Obama before staying home this past November . That campaign has already begun : led by pollsters Geoff Garin and Jef Pollock , Priorities will next week convene focus groups in the      states of Wisconsin , Michigan , and Florida , focusing on counties that saw the largest swings from Obama to Trump , Obama the biggest    in voting rates within African American communities . Elias served as the Clinton campaign ’s general counsel . In November , he announced Clinton ’s Elias campaign Clinton participate in Green Party candidate Jill Stein ’s recount efforts . Elias is a senior Elias at the Perkins Coie law firm , which has also represented Clinton and the Democratic Clinton Committee . The lawyer has previously a senior lawyer at the Perkins Coie law firm, which has also represented Clinton and the Democratic National Committee to Soros . In July , the New York Times reported Soros had pledged up to Soros 5 million for a legal fight led by Elias against what the Elias characterized as " the New York Times laws enacted in recent years by    state governments . " The Times further reported on Elias’ the New York Times : Elias , who specializes in    issues , was in contact with Mr. Soros in January 2014 when Mr. Elias was exploring a series of federal lawsuits before that year ’s midterm election and in advance of the 2016 campaign , according to Mr. Soros ’s political adviser , Michael Mr. Soros Mr. Elias declined to comment on Friday about the Mr. Elias the lawsuits . ) The goal is to try to influence voting rules in states where Republican governors and    legislatures have enacted election laws since 2010 , and to be ready to intervene if additional measures are passed over the next 17 months . At the time , Soros helped pay for two lawsuits in Ohio and Wisconsin , and the billionaire activist contributed funds for suits that , according to the Times , " Mr. Elias and several other groups filed last year in North Carolina . " In August , the Washington Post spotlighted the    legal work of Elias in a profile titled , " The crusade of a Democratic superlawyer with    backing . " The newspaper described Elias as the "   lawyer for Democrats in recount Elias and redistricting battles . " The Post reported on Elias ’s top benefactor : With a the Washington Post commitment from Elias    George Soros , Elias is challenging laws that , he argues , diminish Elias impact of important Democratic Party Elias of African Americans , Latinos and young people . " I do n’t think people should think we ’re done filing lawsuits for this election cycle , people Elias said in a taxicab interview after two flights and Elias    weather delay delivered him to Phoenix . The Post detailed the evolution of Elias ’s financial backing : While Elias will not discuss the funding for his project , Elias ’s spokesman Michael Vachon said Elias Elias them with Soros of proposals for challenging Elias restrictions that would be helpful " up and down the ballot . " That was appealing to Soros , who began his political giving with voter mobilization efforts , Vachon said . And they agreed with Elias that there was Soros’s spokesman Michael Vachon to be done them what Elias civil rights groups , to which Soros also contributes , were doing .    …      Soros has given $ 5 million to the trust that funds Soros litigation , Vachon said , and Elias said he has picked his shots Soros’s spokesman Michael Vachon an eye Elias " protecting Soros’s spokesman Michael Vachon Obama coalition Soros’s spokesman Michael Vachon of African Americans , Latinos and young people . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the Aaron Klein weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With Aaron Klein research by Brenda J. Elliott Aaron Klein 
 