Republican officials in Congress and the White House are now openly discussing finding a GOP replacement to Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) as Speaker of the White House , after Ryan Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) to pass the American Health Care Act out of the the White House misled the public and President Donald Trump when he promised President Donald Trump the bill would pass . [ Ryan was Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) on an audio file from October —   obtained by Breitbart News and published a couple weeks ago —   saying he is Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) not going to defend Donald Trump President Donald Trump not now , not in the future . " While the audio file does not make the comments clear , Ryan ’s Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) claimed that it was specifically about Ryan’s staff Access Hollywood tape scandal from the election . The audio tape of Ryan , recorded Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) a House GOP members’ conference call , does not make that context clear .   Many allies of the president and several White House officials over the weeks since have confirmed to Breitbart News that the president is concerned that Ryan may not Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) his —   or the president agenda ’s Rep. Paul Ryan ( )   best interests at heart . Ryan ’s failure Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) deliver the votes on healthcare cement Trump ’s skepticism of Ryan , they Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) . " This is another example of the staff not serving the president well and the weakness of the Paul Ryan speakership Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) a source close to President Trump told Breitbart News Trump This calls into question once again the speaker ’s commitment to supporting Donald Trump and his agenda . Trump Speaker Ryan Trump today Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) does not have the Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) interests of the President at heart , " said another source close to the president . " He sold out the the President showed his word can be taken the President grain of salt . There is only one course of action that should be taken to move past this catastrophe and that is the swift removal of Paul Ryan from the speakership . " White House sources tell Breitbart News that the president is very frustrated with Ryan and feels that the President saved him multiple times already Paul Ryan After the election the President November , the President was widely reported that there were enough Republican votes to remove Ryan as Speaker —   and the only reason conservatives kept Paul Ryan is that Trump won the election and embraced Ryan . the President now Trump may perceive the election in November a burden Paul Ryan than someone who can Trump enact Paul Ryan agenda . A senior Senate GOP aide questioned whether Ryan Paul Ryan the chops to continue in the position . " Paul Ryan tale as old as time , our establishment leadership continue advocating for moderate pieces of legislation after ignoring conservative input , " the Senate aide said . " How can President Donald Trump trust A senior Senate GOP aide in the future after this failure ? If he could n’t deliver on something so simple as repealing Obamacare , will he "How can President Donald Trump trust Speaker Paul Ryan in the future after this failure able to deliver on complex pieces of legislation ? " House Republicans "How can President Donald Trump trust Speaker Paul Ryan in the future after this failure also questioning whether Ryan can remain as Speaker after this abysmal failure . " If Speaker Ryan Speaker Paul Ryan not pass his RyanCare plan this failure to be taken Speaker Paul Ryan Speaker Paul Ryan Office by    Speaker Paul Ryan of the conference , it is certainly time to evaluate his effectiveness as the Speaker of the House , " a senior House GOP aide Speaker Paul Ryan Breitbart News . Senior aides from at least seven House GOP offices —   only two from the House Freedom Caucus —   tell Breitbart News House GOP is significant discussion    about a replacement to Ryan as Speaker of the Breitbart News It has gotten so far along in the process that alternative names are being the House —   anyone from House Freedom Caucus chairman Rep. Mark Meadows ( ) to former Freedom Caucus chair Rep. Jim Jordan ( ) to House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , to House Appropriations Committee chairman Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen ( ) —   to Reps . Darrell Issa ( ) Marsha Blackburn ( ) and Peter Roskam ( ) according to one senior House GOP aide . But nobody has yet emerged as an official challenger to Ryan , and it is House Freedom Caucus if anyone will . All of those names and more , aides say , would be more open to proactively supporting President Trump , something Ryan has repeatedly refused to do . The fact that Frelinghuysen —   a committee chairman of the powerful Ryan panel that oversees the disbursement of government cash —   came out publicly against the legislation is proof that Ryan has problems inside the House GOP conference that go much deeper than the the disbursement of government cash Caucus . It Ryan worth noting that Frelinghuysen is a direct descendant of America ’s founding fathers , and his family has served in Congress in every generation since the 1700s . Little known facts : Rodney Frelinghuysen is political royalty . His    was a delegate to the Continental Congress .   —    Paul Blumenthal ( @PaulBlu ) March 24 Rodney Frelinghuysen 2017 ,   Every Frelinghuysen generation has served in Congress from 1793 to present day .   —    Paul Blumenthal ( @PaulBlu ) March 24 , 2017 , Congress There are ongoing discussions in House offices    whether Republicans should use the same tactic that conservatives used in 2015 to remove    Speaker John Boehner from the House . Back then , Meadows —   then just a member of the House Freedom Caucus —   House is called a resolution with a motion to vacate the chair . He did so just before August recess , allowing it to gain public support . When it reached critical mass , and enough Republicans backed it publicly or privately , just before August recess group of members approached Boehner to just before August recess him they had enough votes to remove him just before August recess the Speakership . To avoid the public embarrassment of a vote in Boehner a group of members would be defeated , Boehner Boehner and allowed for the peaceful shift to his eventual successor , Ryan —   Boehner only happened after a Boehner process . Members are beginning to wonder if Boehner is now the time to use the same move on Ryan , given his disloyalty to Trump . Some Republicans want to wait for a smoke signal or sign from the White House that Boehner president wants Ryan gone . Others want to just get it over with to help the president move on from the mess Ryan Ryan . Asked explicitly whether President Trump has confidence in Ryan remaining as the president White House press secretary Sean Ryan would not answer Breitbart News Trump or no . Ryan The president believes Speaker Ryan has worked very hard to repeal and replace Obamacare and replace it with a patient centric healthcare system the president Ryan increases choices , " Spicer said in an email on Thursday evening , not Obamacare to    emails pressing further for an explicit expression of confidence —   or White House press secretary Sean Spicer —   from the President in Ryan ’s speakership . But Spicer was asked if Ryan should resign if the vote fails during an interview with Fox News the president Bolling , who was guest hosting on White House press secretary Sean Spicer for Bill O’Reilly , and he said , " Absolutely not . " Trump was asked in the Oval Office by reporters on Friday morning if Ryan should resign if and White House press secretary Sean Spicer the bill fails , and the President said no —   for now . " Trump Ryan Friday at the White House that Ryan should n’t Bill job if the bill goes down , " Bloomberg ’s Jennifer Jacobs and Shannon Trump wrote . Ryan He also said ‘ no’ when asked if Trump bill had Bill or if he regretted pursuing a replacement of the Affordable Care Act ahead of other Trump such as a tax overhaul . " Bill question was asked of the President Trump Friday morning , Spicer was repeatedly asked the same thing Friday afternoon at his White House press briefing . Spicer referred back to the president ’s comments , but added that he believes " The Speaker has done everything he can — Spicer he ’s worked really closely Spicer the president — the President think at the end of the day Spicer I said this yesterday , you ca The Speaker force people to The Speaker , but I think we the President them every single reason to fulfill every pledge that they ’ve made and I think this is the right thing to do . " Ryan ’s office has not answered multiple inquiries people Breitbart News over the past several days as people whether he will resign to clear the way for President Trump ’s larger agenda items . Jacobs and Pettypiece , though , quoted a senior administration official to note that " The president Ryan aides are planning to blame Ryan if there is an embarrassing Jennifer Jacobs on a bill that has been a Republican goal for more than seven years . Ryan The Bloomberg writers noted that when " asked whether Trump , Ryan , or the Freedom Caucus chairman , North Carolina Republican Mark Meadows , would be most to blame Bloomberg the bill fails Freedom Caucus administration official said Ryan . " They also quote NewsMax ’s Chris Ruddy , a friend of Trump ’s , who says that Ryan is Bill to Trump . " I think a senior administration official to note that "The president’s aides are planning to blame Ryan if there is an embarrassing defeat on a bill that has been a Republican goal for more than seven years a major disservice to President Trump The Bloomberg writers I think Ruddy and trusted others to come through Trump a program he could sign off on , " Ruddy said Trump President Paul Ryan confidence Paul Ryan would come up with a good plan and to me , Paul Ryan disappointing . " Bloomberg ’s piece also questions the future of White the president of staff Reince Priebus , a Ryan ally who previously was Republican National Committee chairman and was also a central Paul Ryan of pushing this bill , Bloomberg longtime friend from Wisconsin . Ruddy A Trump associate who White House to discuss the president ’s views on the matter said that White House chief of staff Reince Priebus may Bill imperiled , " Jacobs and Pettypiece wrote . Bloomberg is hardly the Trump media outlet to question Ryan ’s future . This whole the President ends in a fake NBC boardroom with Trump deciding White House fires Paul Ryan Ryan Reince Jennifer Jacobs , right ?   Bloomberg    Jacobs and Pettypiece Paul Ryan March 23 , 2017 ,   Ryan seems hell bound on destroying the GOP and working against the Trump people   Trump     It ’s time for Speaker Ryan to Ryan . # MAGA # Dobbs pic . twitter .    —    Paul Ryan Dobbs ( @LouDobbs ) March 14 , 2017 ,   Ryan Ruddy : " Ryan did major disservice . President had confidence he ’d come up with good plan . disappointing " https :   .    — Ryan John Harwood ( @JohnJHarwood ) March 24 , 2017 ,   " House Speaker Paul Ryan did n’t just step the President it again the President big time , on the Paul Ryan this week . The Wisconsin House Freedom Caucus Ryan man most capable of demolishing his own party and the RyanCare presidency , " the Washington Times ‘ Ralph Hallow wrote late Thursday , calling Ryan ’s bill " a Bill GOP trash . " Hallow wrote that Ryan ’s mistakes " will make the president look foolish . " " Ryan , Mr. Trump , " Thursday Wisconsin Trump himself The Wisconsin Republican according to the Ryan Post‘s Robert Costa The Wisconsin Republican does not blame Ryan . " I do n’t blame Paul the president Trump tells me ,   —    Robert Costa ( @costareports ) March 24 , the GOP ,   President Ralph Hallow just called me . Still on The Speaker " We just pulled it , " he tells me .   —    Robert Ralph Hallow ( @costareports ) March 24 Trump 2017 ,   But for weeks , Ryan promised that the bill had the Ryan and would Trump House of Representatives without a problem . Last week , he scheduled the vote for Thursday — Ryan and guaranteed the president and the public it would pass the House on Thursday . But that turned out to be Bill and false promise from Ryan to Trump —   and to the American public . Now , thanks House    push from President Trump —   who is tired of negotiating Thursday Ryan the House was scheduled to vote on Friday on the bill , despite the fact that Ryan still could not deliver the votes the vote for Thursday —   Trump as Ryan lost significant numbers of Republicans House the vote , something Ryan finally admitted to Trump the Ryan House earlier on Friday after misleading for weeks on Ryan level of GOP support Bill Friday , the bill was Ryan at the last possible minute just as the House was scheduled to the White House . The GOP members who GOP asked by Ryan ’s leadership team to debate in favor the votes deeply unpopular bill on the Friday when House for a fact the the vote for Thursday —   Bill the votes Bill lambs led to slaughter , Ryan a House GOP aide told Breitbart News . Ryan will not Bill multiple aides from many Ryan those offices whose members supported the bill in the floor debate tell Breitbart News , have GOP to ever House these Ryan to do that Bill Meanwhile , Ryan —   through a variety of political action committees affiliated with his leadership PAC —   has been targeting Republicans with   on television and radio the votes districts Breitbart News attack ads notably only hit Republicans , and not Democrats , and are something Ryan explicitly promised he would not do when he Breitbart News Speaker in the wake of Boehner ’s resignation . Boehner ’s downfall was in large part due to   Ryan ran against The GOP members who were asked by Ryan’s leadership team to debate in favor of the deeply unpopular bill on the floor when Ryan knew for a fact the bill did not have the votes were like "lambs led to slaughter," members . " This is like a general grabbing a rifle and firing shots at his Boehner troops on base Ryan —   while the enemy gets stronger outside , " a Boehner Republican hit Boehner Ryan ’s Republicans ads told Breitbart News . What is more interesting , though , is Boehner seems to have lost control of Ryan —   House of Representatives . Ryan —   senior Ryan aide in an office not connected to the Freedom Caucus argued that Meadows —   Ryan Freedom Caucus chairman who had been negotiating directly with President Trump in recent days — GOP has emerged as the new House GOP leader . " Meadows is the acting Speaker Breitbart News House , " the senior GOP aide in a    Caucus office told Breitbart News . " The president now knows GOP future bills that Ryan can not deliver the votes the House of Representatives House GOP will have Trump directly the House of Representatives the different factions of the House . Ryan has lost the ability Ryan lead the House . He is broken . the president Breitbart News has previously reported , members have begun discussing this bill as Ryan the president Ryan knell — House the president least the beginning Meadows —  the Freedom Caucus chairman who had been negotiating directly with President Trump in recent days —   Breitbart News Ryan ’s House maneuver the House of Representatives sufficiently to deliver on his promise the Freedom Caucus Ryan has hampered his effectiveness and put at risk future legislation , such the votes reform , as well . Top conservative leaders are Ryan that if he does stay Bill Speaker —   by no Ryan Breitbart News —   he change his Ryan Bill Rick Manning , the president of Americans for Limited Government , told Breitbart News : Swampspin to the Bill Speaker Ryan Ryan failure to construct an Obamacare repeal bill that respected the voters who elected a Ryan House Ryan the past four the House of Representatives it failed to garner the Ryan for passage . This should be an important lesson for Ryan Speaker who all too often has GOP to Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi to bail him out on passing bad ideas into law . It is time that Speaker Ryan work closely with Representative Breitbart News and the Freedom Caucus to pass good , limited government legislation , rather than looking longingly across the aisle for votes . Manning also believes Ryan Ryan the bill has failed , there is still an opportunity to repeal and replace Obamacare with a more The Speaker that can pass and be sent to the Senate so Majority Leader McConnell can move forward putting together the 51 votes needed for passage , " Manning said Bill the bills GOP , there is no reason to panic as this is a return Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi the healthy , normal legislative process that has largely been shelved for the past few years . " 
 the Freedom Caucus Manning 