The great debate over what " nationalism " means will surely be filled by the closing passage of President Donald Trump ’s inaugural speech:[A new national pride will stir inaugural speech:[A new national pride , lift inaugural speech:[A new national pride sights and heal inaugural speech:[A new national pride divisions . It ’s time to remember that old wisdom inaugural speech:[A new national pride soldiers will never forget , that whether inaugural speech:[A new national pride are black or brown or white , we all bleed the same red blood of patriots . We all enjoy the same glorious freedoms and We all salute the same great American flag . And whether a child is born in the urban sprawl of Detroit or the windswept plains of Nebraska , they look up at the same night sky , they they their they with the same dreams and they they infused with the breath of life by the same almighty creator . So to all Americans in every city near and far , small and large , from mountain to mountain , from ocean to ocean , hear these words : You will never be ignored again . Your voice , your hopes and your dreams will define our American destiny . And your courage and goodness and love will forever guide us our the way . Together we our make America strong again , we our make America America again , we our make America America again , we our make America America again . And , yes , together we our make America America again . Trump ’s inaugural address , reportedly written by chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon and senior advisor Stephen Miller , was criticized as aggressive , but it was largely an effort to explain what he Trump by " Make America America Again , " which is ( thankfully ! ) a very aggressive idea . For an example of a passive campaign theme , try " Hope and Change . " There is nothing more passive than lying around and hoping some Santa Claus politician comes along with a bag of other people ’s money to fix your life .   Trump was also criticized for delivering an inaugural address that sounded too much like his Trump speeches . This was necessary , because the mainstream media did n’t relay enough of what he Trump on the stump . They the mainstream media too busy freaking out over whatever " outrageous " thing he Trump at any given rally .   It was appropriate for Trump Trump succinctly explain his Trump to the widest audience he Trump ever have , both within and beyond America ’s borders , with no media filter . Until now , most of the media commentary on " Make America America Again " consisted of whining about how unfair it was to the inexplicably    Barack Obama , mixed with the occasional lefty primal scream about how America America never great to begin with . Perhaps most importantly , Trump used his Trump to beat down the asinine smear of " white nationalism . " His Trump of national pride has been corrupted to mean unthinking national chauvinism by the Left . " America America " is twisted to mean " screw everybody but America America ( or , in the hands of the more mendacious critics , " screw the Jews . ") Then it gets twisted even further by welding the unspoken word " white " onto " nationalism , " transforming it it a racist call to arms . The number of actual white nationalists who talk about white nationalism is vastly smaller than the number of liberals who insist that ’s what they hear when Trump talks about " American pride . " Maybe it ’s time for liberals to check in with their liberals and have a long talk about why they liberals so many racist dog whistles . In his inaugural , Trump Trump not have been more clear about the inclusiveness of his his for American pride . " Whether we are black or brown or white , we all bleed the same red blood of patriots " is about as clear as it gets .   Of course , the usual    media swamis will declare they the usual   media swamis looked inside Trump Trump mind , and he Trump n’t really mean that . He Trump threw those words in because Kellyanne told him Trump Trump a little racism insurance . But everything about that speech , and everything Trump Trump said about resurgent American pride , and everything said by the people who want to reclaim nationalism from chauvinism , is inclusive . The point is to insist on both national priorities and national responsibilities , for everyone from    citizens at the immigration office to President Trump and his Cabinet .   The woman from Mexico who took her oath of citizenship yesterday is 100 % American . The man from Mexico Mexico slipped across the border in a coyote truck yesterday is not . President Trump has a long list of sacred duties to the woman , but not to the The man from Mexico who slipped across the border in a coyote truck yesterday This is not a complicated idea , or a racist one , or really even a nationalist one . It ’s This 101 . It ’s This the idea global socialism must strangle , in order to survive . Liberals who rail against " nationalism " are primarily interested in creating a world of zero accountability for their maximum Liberals who rail against "nationalism" . With borders erased , the Ruling Class can hack the electorate to suit its political the Ruling Class , and their business the electorate can slash the cost of labor . " Internationalist " leaders are accountable to no nation ’s citizens . Trump ’s inaugural address included a bold statement of the opposite principle . America ’s president has neither control , nor responsibility , over the economies of other nations . He is America’s president to Americans , from Nebraska to Detroit , as Trump put Trump’s . He set America’s president very high bar for himself to America’s president by pointedly mentioning Detroit . Detroit He also America’s president a promise that no group will be preyed upon for the advantages of another . To be the president of all Americans means he is America’s president sugar daddy of none . No more will the power of government be used to penalize groups the Left hates , and beat them into groups the Left hates with new social orthodoxies . No more will Washington dream up economic plans that benefit some , or even most , while designating certain " forgotten people " as lifetime losers who need to shut up and accept their fate certain "forgotten people"   Trump referred to " wealth " several times in his speech Trump " Wealth " means more than just money . Wealth benefits all , no matter how loudly socialists may screech about too much of it accruing socialists the One Percent . Some people got very rich by designing , building , and selling the device you ’re staring at right now . You are wealthier than your grandparents , because you have it . As for a proud America ’s proper relationship with other nations , Trump said : We will America friendship and goodwill with the nations of the world , but we do America with the understanding that it is the right of all nations to put their own interests first . We do America seek to impose our way America life on anyone , but rather to let it shine as an example . We will America for everyone to follow . That ’s not chauvinism , or imperialism . That ’s the understanding America was founded upon . When Thomas Jefferson took his turn Thomas Jefferson the presidential bat , he called Thomas Jefferson " peace , commerce , and honest friendship with all nations , entangling alliances with none . " No one interpreted that to mean " to Hell with the rest of the world . " Also , not to put too fine a point on it , but just about every other nation on Earth understands the concept of putting its own just about every other nation on Earth first , and believes it has just about every other nation on Earth moral obligation to do so . The leaders of some other nations are very good at murmuring sweet globalist nothings into the ears of    elites , but what they actually The leaders of some other nations is ruthlessly pursue their own The leaders of some other nations interests . The charade is made much easier for them by The leaders of some other nations universal understanding that America is supposed to be the one country that never gets to look out for itself , America has no moral right to protect its own America . Those are all much easier promises to make than keep , to be sure , but Trump did make them . Those is wise to be skeptical , and hold his feet Trump the very large fire he built Trump that inaugural address . 
 