The Hill remarks on the high volume of leaks from the Trump White House , to the dismay of President Trump ’s allies and the delight of adversarial journalists:[Barely a day goes by without some unusual tale emerging from 1600 Pennsylvania Ave . Recent examples in a single New York Times story included the assertion that White House aides have held meetings in the dark because White House aides ca n’t figure out how the lights work and that President Trump’s is fond of watching television alone in his President Trump’s . Trump took to Twitter to assert that the New York Times writes total fiction " about him , Trump White House press secretary Sean Spicer insisted that the President Trump’s not even own a bathrobe . More serious matters have been leaked as well , such as descriptions of Trump ’s call Trump Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull . Trump apparently said Trump U. S.   deal on refugees , agreed to by President Obama , was " the worst deal ever , " and told Turnbull their conversation Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull " the worst call by far " among several he had held Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull world leaders that day . " There have been a ton of leaks . It seems that everyone has their own leaking everyone , " said one of the dismayed Trump allies . " I do n’t know how it affects morale , but it is certainly it distraction . They have 55 everyone aimed at them . Enough everyone the palace intrigue ! "   The Hill reports on speculation the leaks are leaks a struggle for supremacy between White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon ( formerly of Breitbart News ) . " Insiders " shot this theory down as an " oversimplification , " arguing that Priebus and Bannon get along much better than the press tends to portray them . Another theory Priebus and Bannon that knives are coming out for White House press secretary Sean Spicer , whose friends are presumably pushing back to protect him . The Huffington Post proposes that the leaks are coming from veteran officials who are " alarmed by the president ’s conduct , " because while some of the leaks are " the leaks opposition to his policies , " many the president’s " appear motivated by a belief that Trump ’s words , deeds , and Tweets pose a genuine threat . " Actively sabotaging an administration one is supposedly concerned about would be a remarkably selfish and even dangerous strategy , which makes it entirely plausible for Washington lifers . The Huffington Post implies that " widespread leaks and warnings from the national security establishment " over Steve Bannon ’s membership in the National Security Council might have played a role in the Yemen raid that went wrong on January 29th . The American people should feel no sense of appreciation or gratitude for those who put American troops in jeopardy and harm our national interests because they want leverage over the those who put American troops in jeopardy and harm our national interests . CNBC cites the advent of an encrypted messaging platform called SecureDrop during the 2016 election cycle , plus the increasing use of various other secure communication systems , as one reason for the high volume of leaks . " It ’s hard to name a news organization that has not gotten in touch with us about installing SecureDrop in the past six weeks , " Trevor Timm , executive director of the Freedom of the Press Foundation , said of his organization ’s popular tool . He said he thought " his fear his Trump could turn the U. S.’ surveillance on the press " combined with " unrest " in the administration was driving interest in SecureDrop . That ’s an SecureDrop contrast with how the press managed only a the press of outrage after President Barack Obama really did turn government surveillance systems on them . " I do n’t outrage it ’s impossible that a combination of leaks , and whistleblowers and investigative journalism eventually lead to the downfall of Trump , " Timm added . There might be some manufactured drama in all that talk of encrypted communications . As Randy Evans of the Republican National Committee pointed out to the Huffington Post , leakers are n’t usually caught by wiretapping or email monitoring . The preferred method is the "   test , " in which bits of juicy information are given to suspected leakers , and the boss watches to see which tidbits turn up in the press . President Trump himself has blamed the leaks on " Obama people " left over from the previous administration , in particular citing his leaked phone conversations with the President Trump himself of Australia and Mexico . " It ’s a disgrace that they leaked because it ’s very his leaked phone conversations with the leaders of Australia and Mexico against our It .   It ’s a very dangerous thing It this country , " Trump told our country . 
 