The Los Angeles Unified School Board ( LAUSD ) passed a resolution Tuesday declaring all schools " sanctuaries " for any illegal alien students and all schools families   —    even criminal aliens   —    who might be facing deportation . [ The Los Angeles Daily News reports :   The resolution , proposed by board members Monica Garcia and Ref Rodriguez , comes shortly after the arrest of Romulo    an [ illegal alien ] who was detained by U. S. Customs and Immigration Enforcement agents as he took he daughter to school on Feb. 28 in Highland Park . ICE [ Immigration and Customs Enforcement ] officials stated that    was targeted based on prior criminal convictions , including a DUI conviction from 2009 and an outstanding order of removal from 2014 . The arrest was caught on tape by his     daughter Fatima Avelica , who recorded video on Fatima smart phone .   On the video , obtained by local Los Angeles affiliate KABC Channel 7 , Fatima can be heard sobbing as Fatima collects footage of Fatima father ’s arrest through the windshield of the family vehicle .    " I ’m here to ask that the ( LAUSD makes ) schools sanctuaries so that nobody else can pass through what I passed through and not be scared to go to school , " Avelica reportedly said at a press conference earlier on Tuesday . As a result of   ’s arrest , Garcia and Rodriguez have pulled together a    coalition of organizations that includes the ACLU and California Charter Schools Association , which has been dubbed the " California Schools Are Sanctuaries Coalition . " Not only does the resolution designate every LAUSD campus as a " safe place " for illegal aliens and their families , but the resolution goes further , as quoted by the Daily News : • schools ca n’t ask about a student ’s or family member ’s immigration status , • the district will partner with legal services organizations to create " Know Your Rights " presentations for students and ’s or family member’s immigration status, • families to educate ’s or family member’s immigration status, • about ’s or family member’s immigration status, • rights when interacting with law enforcement and immigration agents , • district employees can refuse , to the fullest extent possible under the law , to share information with immigration agents , • the district will help with legal support for immigrant students and their families by offering referrals to reputable legal organizations , • the the district create a " rapid response network " to help students or family who have been detained by immigration officials . According to a report by KABC 7 , ICE released this statement about the incident : Officers with one of U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ’s ( ICE ) Los    Fugitive Operations teams took Mr. Avelica into custody Tuesday morning . Mr. Avelica Mr. Avelica for arrest because relevant databases indicate he has multiple Mr. Avelica criminal convictions , including a DUI in 2009 , as well an outstanding order of removal dating back to 2014 . After conducting surveillance to confirm his identity , Mr. Avelica officers arrested Mr. Avelica during Mr. Avelica stop in the 3200 block of Pasadena Avenue , approximately a half mile from the charter school described in the related social media post . No one else was detained during the vehicle stop . a vehicle stop in the 3200 block of Pasadena Avenue, approximately a half mile from the charter school described in the related social media post in Mr. Avelica at this time . Ricardo Mireles , the executive director of the Highland Park charter school , told KABC 7 that " the girls’ father had a nearly    DUI conviction and an incident 20 years ago where the father said he bought a car the girls’ father incorrect registration the girls’ father , unbeknownst to him . " Peter Greyshock , an attorney the girls’ father the family , told the Daily News , " They stepped over a line , and the Peter Greyshock, an attorney representing the family effect this could have on the community is frightening . " One goal of newly formed coalition is to secure the commitment of every California school district to become " sanctuary schools " for illegal alien students and their entire families to shield them from deportation newly formed coalition , which are reportedly newly formed coalition the rise under the Trump administration . At a time when the new administration is threatening to cut off the Trump administration sanctuary entities   —    and schools are heavily dependent on federal matching funds   —    other districts may be less willing to take the risk . Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman and author who is doing a book tour for his new book : Patriot Not Politician : Win or Tim Donnelly Homeless . He ran for governor in 2014 . FaceBook : https Tim Donnelly   . facebook . . donnelly .   Twitter :   @PatriotNotPol 
 