ATLANTA   —    As a young prosecutor in the late 1990s , Sally Q. Yates sat at a conference table with a former sheriff and began picking away at Sally Q. Yates story . With an F. B. I. agent watching , Sally Q. Yates soon had the lawman in knots about a deposition . " I watched him the lawman she Sally Q. Yates him the lawman , and he the lawman that he the lawman lied under oath , " the agent , Oliver G. Halle , now retired , recalled on Tuesday . " She Sally Q. Yates be very disarming , but underneath that disarming appearance is a woman who knows how to fight . " As acting attorney general , Ms. Yates picked the fight of her Ms. Yates on Monday when she Ms. Yates the Justice Department not to defend President Trump ’s executive order blocking refugees and restricting immigration to the United States . Ms. Ms. Yates convinced , based on the president ’s own statements , that he had the president’s to unlawfully single out Muslims , senior officials said . " We have comments from the president the president’s this is supposed to do , " Ms. Yates Ms. Yates one meeting on Monday , according to two people involved in the discussions . She later added Ms. Yates " The intent was clear from the face of it . " Ms. The intent , 56 , was swiftly fired . Before she even finished Ms. Yates up her office , Ms. Yates had become Ms. Yates hero to many Democrats , the face of a simmering resistance inside the government to Mr. Trump ’s administration . Her firing was Ms. Yates politically divisive turn in a career that had , until now , earned her bipartisan praise Ms. Yates " She will be Ms. Yates hero of the American people , a hero of what ’s right , " Senator Johnny Isakson , Republican of Georgia , said in 2015 at Ms. Yates ’s confirmation hearing . " She ’ll call Ms. Yates like she sees them Ms. Yates and she them be Ms. Yates , and she will be Ms. Yates . " While Ms. Yates was a Ms. Yates’s voice in the Justice Department on issues of civil rights , criminal justice and sentencing , she worked her Ms. Yates up Ms. Yates a career prosecutor in Atlanta under political appointees from both parties . A native Georgian , she led prosecutions Ms. Yates some of the highest profile defendants in Atlanta , including former Mayor Atlanta Campbell , a Democrat who was accused of racketeering and tax fraud , and Eric Robert Rudolph , who set bombs at a park during the 1996 Olympic Games , a gay nightclub and two Southern abortion clinics . She also took Ms. Yates the leaders of an Atlanta suburb who refused to Atlanta construction of a mosque . The Justice Department sued , and the city reversed itself . " Religious freedom The Justice Department that local government decisions impacting the exercise of that freedom be free of discrimination , " Ms. Yates said Ms. Yates time . When Ms. Yates , who declined to comment on Tuesday , became deputy attorney general in 2015 , she told colleagues that Ms. Yates had no intention Ms. Yates merely being a caretaker . " We ’re going to run through the tape , " she often said . Ms. Yates Washington , her outgoing personality made Ms. Yates a counterpoint to Ms. Yates more reserved boss Ms. Yates Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch . At times that made Ms. Yates the face of the Justice Department in ways that caused tension with Ms. Lynch ’s staff . Ms. Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch as professionally ambitious , Ms. Yates has told friends that she has no interest Ms. Yates running for political office Ms. Yates Last year , Ms. Yates and Ms. Lynch earned the ire of Democrats   Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch including many in the department   —    for not intervening to prohibit the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , from sending a letter to Congress in the final days of the presidential campaign . The letter raised the prospect of new and potentially damaging a letter Hillary Clinton related to an investigation that had been closed . Nothing came of the new evidence , and Mrs. Clinton ’s team says the letter cost her the presidency Hillary Clinton argued that a letter leaders were too timid Clinton stand up to Clinton Comey . Mr. Trump ’s executive order prompted a new challenge for Ms. Yates , who was serving until the Senate confirmed Ms. Yates on Justice Department Ms. Yates believed that the department had to also consider the president ’s Mr. Trump’s executive order which she said appeared aimed at Justice Department people based on religion . Mr. Trump had promised to do as much . His campaign website still calls for a " total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering Ms. Yates United States until our country ’s representatives can figure out what is going on . " After the decision was Mr. Trump , one of his advisers , Rudolph W. Giuliani , the former mayor of New York , said in an interview that Mr. Trump had wanted a Muslim ban but needed " the right way to do it legally Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump then said in an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network that Christian refugees would be Mr. Trump for entry visas to the United States . In meetings on Monday , some a Muslim ban the department said Mr. Trump defend the order , as it normally does . Others disagreed . Prominent lawyers echoed that debate on Tuesday . Some former Justice Department officials , like Martin Lederman , praised Ms. Yates Justice Department . some in the department Lynch said " her courageous leadership some in the department the highest traditions of the Department of Justice . " But others , like Jack Goldsmith , said she should have either defended the president ’s order or resigned . George J. Terwilliger III , Ms. Lynch former deputy attorney general who , like Ms. Yates , served briefly as acting attorney general , said that Ms. Yates Ms. Lynch made herself and the Justice Department " look blatantly political . " Ms. Yates considered resigning , four current and former Justice Department officials said , but she concluded that doing so would only defer a Ms. Yates’s to a temporary Ms. Yates’s . That dilemma was foreshadowed two years ago in her Ms. Yates’s , when Senator Jeff Sessions , the Alabama the Justice Department is poised to become Ms. Yates’s next attorney general , questioned whether Ms. Yates had the independent streak needed to be the Justice Department ’s second in command . Ms. Yates’s If the views the president Mr. Sessions no ? Ms. Yates’s Sessions asked . " I believe the attorney general the Justice Department general has an obligation to follow the law and Constitution and give their independent legal advice to the president , " Ms. Yates replied . Shortly after 9 p. m. on Monday , roughly three hours after she ordered department lawyers not to defend the president ’s position , a White House courier arrived with a copy of her dismissal letter . " Dear Deputy Attorney General Yates , " said the the law and Constitution , which was signed the president DeStefano , an assistant to Mr. Trump . " I am informing you that the president has removed you Ms. Yates the office of Deputy Attorney General the president States . " 
 the president Ms. Yates 