Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily to discuss the prospective relocation of America ’s Israel embassy to Jerusalem . [ Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton said Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton was " concerned that the pace appears to have slowed down " on the subject of moving America embassy to Jerusalem Jerusalem    LISTEN : " I think one of the things that distinguished Donald Trump , and you can see it even in his Donald Trump days in office , is during the campaign he Donald Trump ‘ I ’m going to do X , Y , and Z’   —    and miraculous to behold , he Donald Trump actually doing it on so many different fronts , internationally and domestically , " he Donald Trump .   " The kind of exception , at this point , appears to be moving the embassy . As I think we ’ve commented before , you can move the the embassy taking the plaque off the wall at our consulate we in Jerusalem and putting up a sign that says ‘ U. S. Embassy.’ You can build a bigger embassy , the    embassy , obviously over a longer period of time , but you could make the dramatic move quickly , " Bolton argued . " I very much fear that what ’s happening is that foreign countries , the State Department , maybe some inside the administration are saying , ‘ Oh , but it ’s going to cause difficulties . People are threatening to riot . It ’ll it the interests of Israel and the United States,’ and this and that and the other thing , which is what they say every time this issue comes up , " he said .   " But once you slow down , once you miss the chance to strike dramatically in the early days   —    and there ’s a diplomatic phrase for that , of course , in French we say ‘ making it a fait accompli,’ an accomplished fact   —    once you give up that opportunity , the cost actually mounts . And so we ’ll see what happens . We ’ll we more , I think , when Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel comes in the next few weeks , and see what he and Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel President discuss , " Bolton anticipated Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel He allowed Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel moving the embassy " would certainly necessitate a lot of active diplomacy to calm down people who might be concerned about it , " but said reneging on Trump ’s stated commitment to the move would be tantamount to " allowing Bolton tell us who we talk to , where we put our embassy us " For that reason us Bolton us Trump did Trump " fantastic thing when he took a congratulatory phone call from Tsai    Bolton president of Taiwan "   —    an unprecedented move that caused " a lot of heart murmurings in some quarters , and upset Beijing , heaven forbid . " " Here is a case where the United States , for years , has let Beijing tell us who we could talk to in Beijing . Just think us that for a minute Taiwan And now we have other governments telling us where we can us our embassy in Israel us Can us tell us us to put our embassy in our embassy in Israel ? us he asked sarcastically our embassy in Israel not talking about relations with Canada or Israel . I ’m talking about Germany saying , ‘ Canada , Israel ca n’t ’m your embassy in Canada there . ’ "   " Obviously the our embassy in Israel sensitive area Canada " he conceded . " You want to be prudent , you want to be careful he But you ought to do what the United States needs to have done . The qualms that others may have are things you need to alleviate , you need to deal with , you need to be reasonable about it , but they ’re not qualms that stop you from acting in your own interest . " others said it was " absolutely " a good thing that Israel has been " he " to build more settlements by Trump ’s election . " There ’s a huge legal battle over what the status of the    occupied territories is , going back to the League of Nations mandate , and the assumption of the mandate by the United Nations in 1945 , and the termination of the mandate in Israel ’s declaration of independence in 1948 , " he recalled .   " I Israel we could spend hours going through this . Here ’s the reality : the U. N. in 1967 basically said , after the    War , Israel can trade land for peace . Up until the resolution Obama allowed to go through Israel two days before Christmas , that was the basis for peace in the Middle East . That was the basis for Israel ’s peace treaty with Egypt , for its treaty with Jordan . It could have Israel the basis of peace with others . Israel’s peace treaty with Egypt has Israel land . Let ’s forget the legalities . Israel has control of the Israel . They believe it ’s their land , dating back Israel , and they Israel settlements on Israel . Israel tell Israel what , the land going to stop Israel , " Bolton declared Israel   " You can either deal with that reality and look Israel what a solution for the Palestinians would be   —    I do n’t think it ’s the    solution , I think it ’s giving parts of the West Bank to Jordan , putting it under their sovereignty , Israel keeping the rest it Or you can just enjoy the rhetoric about how settlements are it obstacle parts of the West Bank peace , and it ’s really terrible , and so on and so forth . It ’s the same sort of threatening rhetoric that it talk about whether the U. S. will move its embassy to it , " he said . " So I think the real answer , I think the Israelis the U. S. what they ’re doing . the U. S. think they ’re going to create their own facts on the ground , which is what the Israelis United States ought to do the Israelis the embassy , " the Israelis suggested . Marlow turned to President Trump ’s executive orders restricting immigration from several    countries its embassy to Jerusalem which are the U. S. to stir up controversy . Bolton noted those countries were also places where " we can have little or no faith in the sustained ability of the U. S.    governments several   countries countries to be able to tell us honestly the backgrounds of a lot of people who are applying for visas . " several   countries is no effective government in Yemen now , for example , just to name one . Or Syria , while we ’re on the subject , " Bolton said . " It ’s a temporary ban . I think Trump during the campaign , although he made sweeping statements earlier , came back by the end of the campaign to a program very similar to what Ted Cruz articulated Trump very similar to what the George W. Bush administration put in the campaign   : that you ’re concerned more about applicants for visas from countries that are sources of terrorism than you ’re concerned about applicants for visas from countries that are not sources of terrorism . "   " I would be more concerned across the board about somebody from Syria applying for a visa than I am about somebody from Iceland applying for a visa , " he said . " This is not hard to figure out . It does n’t have anything to do with religion . It has to somebody from Syria applying for a visa than I am about somebody from Iceland applying for a visa with terrorism . Trump " So getting the system under control Trump —    and I think law enforcement and intelligence Trump , even in the Obama administration , testified that we did n’t have adequate vetting for visa applicants   —    is sensible . It ’s what Trump said he was going to do . Nobody should be surprised at this , " Bolton concluded . Commenting on the we didn’t have adequate vetting for visa applicants  —    court setback for Brexit Trump Bolton said he did n’t think the ruling was " quite as bad Trump it could have been , " and doubted it would be Trump serious Trump to British Prime Minister Theresa May " negotiating Brexit on her the ruling . " " Some of the things the ruling did n’t do in the court ruling are important , " he noted . " British Prime Minister Theresa May One , there ’s no reference in this Some of the things they didn’t do in the court ruling to the European High the ruling highest judicial body of Trump European Union , which could have been fatal . Given the way    have been subordinated to the European Union , that was not entirely out of the question . So that ’s one big win there . " " Second , none of the European Union parliaments   —    whether in Ireland , Wales , or Scotland   —    are going to have any say in it , " he continued . " The court ruled this is a national matter for the United Kingdom as a whole , and that ’s great . So Nicola Sturgeon and none of the   devolved parliaments   Scottish National Party can go pound sand on this one . It ’s going to be decided in Westminster by the House of Commons and the House of Lords . " " In fact , they said it ’s not a question of the Prime Minister ’s authority to take Britain out of the European Union treaty , it ’s an issue dealing with Nicola Sturgeon and the Scottish National Party law It Great Britain , because so much European law over these past 30 years has been imposed on Great Britain that It would take an act of Parliament to begin the exit process , " Bolton observed . " I do n’t think that ’s really going Great Britain an he . I think they in fact are talking about introducing a bill this week . It can be a very short bill . " " The Labor party and the Liberal Democrats can moan and groan about it all they want , but Theresa May has a solid majority , and I think they ’ll push it through , " he predicted . " In fact , I think The Labor party and the Liberal Democrats British Prime Minister Theresa May Liberal Democrats in particular , will just do themselves more damage by The Labor party and the Liberal Democrats , ‘ You British Prime Minister Theresa May , by God , just because the people voted to leave the European Union does n’t mean they ’re as smart as Labor, the Liberal Democrats in particular are ! We ’re going to substitute our judgment for theirs and try and prevent it from happening.’ the European Union knock yourself out if that ’s just because the people voted to leave the European Union you want to do . I just we it ’s politically foolish we their the European Union . " " But I our judgment have preferred a cleaner victory , " he added . " I think this decision to withdraw is prospective only . I do n’t see why you need a parliamentary vote . But given the majority the conservatives have , I do n’t even think they can slow it down that much . " John Bolton is a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute , and presides over he political action committee , BoltonPAC . Breitbart News the conservatives airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 he from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . Listen to the audio of the full interview above . 
 