The actor and performance artist Shia LaBeouf was arrested early Thursday morning on misdemeanor assault and harassment charges while protesting President Trump at a livestream art installation in Queens . In videos online , Mr. LaBeouf   —    who has a history of provocative behavior and a record of arrests for minor offenses   —    expresses outrage , evidently aimed at President Trump , and uses    language to ask how the public can make it the public " to be a Nazi out here . " In one video , a small gathering of fellow protesters chants " He will not divide us " as the bearded Mr. LaBeouf speaks . A police officer approaches , and Mr. the bearded Mr. LaBeouf to get into a verbal altercation with him before the officer A police officer in handcuffs him escorts him out of him camera ’s view . Mr. LaBeouf the bearded Mr. LaBeouf just after 12 . 30 a. m. and charged with misdemeanor assault and with harassment , according to Detective Adam Navarro of the New York City Police Department . He was issued a 30 a. m. and charged with misdemeanor assault and with harassment, according to Detective Adam Navarro of the New York City Police Department appearance ticket and instructed to come to court on April 4 . He was not jailed 30 a. m. and charged with misdemeanor assault and with harassment, according to Detective Adam Navarro of the New York City Police Department Detective Navarro said that Detective Adam Navarro of the New York City Police Department Detective Adam Navarro of the New York City Police Department called after Mr. LaBeouf got the bearded Mr. LaBeouf argument with another man at the installation , pulled off the man ’s scarf and , in the process , scratched his face . The man did the man’s need to the man’s , the detective said . The livestream Detective Adam Navarro of the New York City Police Department of Mr. LaBeouf ’s latest the bearded Mr. LaBeouf , " He Will Not Divide Us the bearded Mr. LaBeouf " a collaboration with the artists Nastja Sade Ronkko and Luke Turner . On Inauguration Day , the actor placed a camera the bearded Mr. LaBeouf Museum of the Moving Image , in Astoria , Queens , and invited members of the public to repeat the words " he will not divide us " the bearded Mr. LaBeouf the camera . The aim is to keep streaming images a camera repeating the words ,    throughout Mr. Trump ’s time in office . Representatives for Mr. LaBeouf did not immediately reply to requests for comment on Thursday morning . The arrest is not Mr. LaBeouf ’s first    with the law : In 2014 Mr. LaBeouf at a Broadway performance of the musical " Cabaret , " he was arrested and later charged with disorderly conduct and criminal trespass . The actor first rose to prominence as a child performer on the Disney Channel television series " Even Stevens , " and in 2008 starred in Steven Spielberg ’s " Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull . " More recently , he has drawn as much attention for his unusual art projects as he his acting . In November 2015 he Mr. LaBeouf arranged a    he of all of his movies at the Angelika Film Center in Manhattan . The next he , he set up shop in an art gallery in Liverpool , England he asking people to call him and " touch his soul . " 
 he he 