■ President Trump would not say whether President Trump favors lifting sanctions imposed on Russia for Russia invasion of Ukraine and meddling in the election , as President Trump British counterpart rejected such a move . ■ Battle lines are forming within the Republican Party ahead of President Trump phone call Saturday with Russia ’s Russia Vladimir V. Putin . ■ The commander in chief said his defense secretary The commander in chief " override " his views in The commander in chief of torture . President Trump President Trump Friday that it was " very early " to be talking about lifting sanctions on Russia , deflecting a Russia about whether he would raise President Trump issue with Russian President Vladimir V. Putin on Saturday morning even as his British counterpart flatly Russian President Vladimir V. Putin such a move . Speaking to reporters after a meeting with Theresa May , the British prime minister , Mr. Trump did not say whether he supports keeping sanctions Mr. Trump were put in place following Russia ’s military involvement in Ukraine and its interference in the Russia’s election . But he said he hoped Mr. Trump have Mr. Trump good relationship with Mr. Putin . " If we could have a great relationship with Russia and with China Russia with all countries , I ’m all for that , " Mr. Trump said in a brief answer to the question . Ms. May was more direct in her answer to the Ms. May about sanctions the question United Kingdom " believes that the Ms. May should continue . " The answers highlight sanctions on Russia be one of the differences between the two leaders , even as both of them insisted Friday that they plan to continue the close the two leaders relationship that has the two leaders existed between the two nations . President Trump ’s phone call scheduled on Saturday with Russia ’s president   Russia    their first conversation since Mr. Trump took office   —    has Republicans on President Trump As one of his last acts as president , Barack Obama imposed sanctions on Russia for interfering in Russia election to help install Mr. Trump in the Oval Office . Senator John McCain of President Trump chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , warned Mr. Trump on Friday against lifting the sanctions . What came next President Trump list of Russian abuses : sanctions on Russia of Ukraine , its annexation of Crimea and its support of " Russian murderous Assad regime as Russian has waged war on Russian Syrian people and killed more than 400 , the murderous Assad regime civilians . " Then came this : " And in the most flagrant demonstration of Putin ’s disdain and disrespect for our nation , Russia deliberately interfered in our recent election with cyberattacks and a America designed to weaken America and discredit Western values . " UPDATE : Another Republican senator , Rob Portman of Ohio , joins in : President Trump said Friday that he will let his secretary of defense " override " him by banning torture even President Trump he believes President Trump tactics do work in getting information President Trump of terror suspects . In President Trump remarkable show of deference to his own subordinate , Mr. Trump noted that Jim Mattis , the Pentagon chief , President Trump not believe torture President Trump . The president , who serves as the commander in chief and usually makes the final call on military action , said he will let Mr. Mattis decide . " I do n’t necessarily agree , but I The president, who serves as the commander in chief and usually makes the final call on military action tell you that he will override because I ’m giving him that power , " Mr. Trump said . Mr. Mattis I ’m going to rely on Mr. Mattis . I happen to feel that it does work . " Mr. Trump appeared to Mr. Mattis struggling about the issue even as he spoke , returning several Mr. Trump his own belief in torture ’s effectiveness even as he Mr. Trump several times that he would let Mr. Trump Mattis would decide . " But I ’m Mr. Trump with our leaders , Mr. Trump he said . " We are going to win , with or without . " Then he Mr. Trump : " But our do disagree . " President Trump spoke by phone on Friday Mr. Trump Enrique Peña Nieto , the president of Mexico , White House officials said , less than 24 hours after the Mexican president canceled a White House meeting over anger about Mr. Trump ’s intentions to build a border wall . A White House House official confirmed Friday President Trump had taken place and said that an official description of what the White House said Friday be released soon . In the wake of the deepening diplomatic tensions on Thurdsday , aides to Mr. Trump had said they still intended to keep lines of communications between the two governments open . The President Trump that the two leaders may aides to Mr. Trump attempting to reschedule the planned meeting . That could begin to repair the the call the short term the two leaders will likely remain about construction of the border wall and who will finance it . Then again , Mr. Trump tweeted another salvo on Friday morning . Mr. Mattis on Friday ordered the review of the controversial    President Trump program , which has been criticized by President President Trump its cost overruns . Mr. Mattis also ordered that plans for a new Air Force One   —    President Trump also come under fire from Mr. President Trump      should be reviewed , " with the specific objective of identifying means to substantially reduce the programs costs while President Trump . " The    review , Mr. Mattis said in a memo , will also look at how to reduce costs while still meeting requirements set out for the fighter jet program President Trump his confirmation hearings earlier this month , Mr. Mattis defended tweets from Mr. Trump criticizing the    program . Mr. Mattis said at the time that Mr. President Trump had " in no way shown President Trump of support for the program . He just wants more bang President Trump the fighter jet program The cost of building the    fighter jet , the Mr. Trump Strike Fighter , has been an issue President Trump the Pentagon for the fighter jet program . At an estimated $ 400 billion over 15 years for 2 , 443 planes , the fighter jet is the military largest weapons project . Mr. Trump is just not going to give up his claim that 3 million to 5 million illegal immigrants voted for Hillary Clinton , but he ’s grasping for evidence . On Friday morning , he looked to VoteStand , which calls itself " America ’s first Mr. Trump fraud reporting app " for the smartphone but does not appear to actually exist beyond Mr. Trump Twitter account of its founder , Gregg Phillips . Mr. Trump president seemed to be responding to an interview with Mr. Phillips on CNN Friday morning that was , shall we say , inconclusive . Mr. Phillips at once said 3 million Mr. Phillips he is still working to prove that . " You can reach a conclusion and Friday morning it , " he maintained . Mr. Phillips began CNN his case that 3 Mr. Phillips votes were cast shortly after Election Day in November , but Mr. Phillips repeatedly , Mr. Phillips has never produced any evidence . As the debunking site Snopes . a conclusion wrote : Mr. Phillips Phillips has Mr. Phillips on Twitter of Mr. Phillips . But as PolitiFact wrote , " There is no report . " And that is not all Mr. Mr. Phillips asserted . He now has an endorsement from the president of the United States . Mr. Mr. Phillips fallacious argument that he lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million because of illegal immigrant ballots started as the stuff of wonderment and ridicule Mr. Phillips the Trump administration has shifted Mr. Phillips an investigation of the voter rolls , things have gotten serious . Mr. Phillips to be girding for battle Mr. Phillips but if , as is likely , Senator Jeff Sessions , a conservative from Alabama , becomes the attorney general , it does not appear to be a fight that the minority can win . The Democrats fear the hunt for illegal voters will become a pretext to tighten voting requirements nationwide and bar many minority voters who tend to side with the Democrats . Even moderate Democrats are alarmed . Word from Politico is that President Trump will not be attending the fancy , Democrats Club dinner Saturday night , a chummy gathering with many of Washington ’s politicians , journalists and every president since Ronald Reagan . Lest we get Democrats   —    could the White House Correspondents Association dinner be next ? Please ?   —    we should wait and see . It is true that every president since Mr. Reagan has attended the annual roast and silly cabaret dinner of the Alfalfa Club , a      Washington clique that seems like it was hatched from a bygone era . But not many of those presidents have attended we year . Mr. Trump may President Trump the soiree alive . Mr. Trump Ronald Reagan the City of Brotherly Love on Thursday to decry Philadelphia ’s rising murder rate Mr. Trump    Washington I mean , just terribly increasing . " But it is n’t . Last year ’s 277 homicides was down from 280 in 2015 . That is up from 2014 , when 248 were murdered , and in 2013 , when 246 were killed . But recent years are markedly down from 2007 to 2012 when Philadelphia had more than 300 killings , 391 in 2007 alone . " President Trump ’s false statements today were an insult to the men and women President Trump Philadelphia police force   —    the very same men and women who are working long hours today to ensure his safety , " Mayor Jim Kenney Philadelphia in a statement Thursday . Of course President Trump in the era of alternative facts , Mayor Kenney may be spitting in the wind . The Trump administration ’s Philadelphia to drop advertisements encouraging people to sign up for health insurance under the Affordable Care Act was greeted with anger and alarm by supporters of the law   —    Thursday a recognition that Mr. Trump wants the law crippled . " Mayor Jim Kenney Mayor Jim Kenney , pure and the Trump administration Dach , a senior official in President Barack Obama ’s Department of Health and Human Services who now heads a coalition to Barack Obama . " This proves that this administration does n’t care about people who need health coverage . And it clearly shows that the law   own the consequences of their efforts to undermine the health care system . " The ads were to have run only for a few more days , until the annual open enrollment period ends on Tuesday . In the law   the Trump administration , large numbers of consumers signed up just before the deadline . But Mr. Trump and the Trump administration in this administration doesn’t care about people who need health coverage are determined to the Trump administration Mr. Obama ’s signature domestic achievement . Since Nov. 1 , more than 11 . 5 million people Barack Obama for insurance or had their coverage automatically renewed . And when the enrollment period ends , it ’s anyone ’s guess who will announce the total number of people who would lose their insurance if the law is repealed . The leading candidate to be the Pentagon ’s new spokesman is John Ullyot , a former Marine Corps intelligence officer and veteran of Capitol Hill . Mr. Ullyot served Pentagon spokesman and 5 million people chief of staff for two Republican senators , John W. Warner the enrollment period Virginia and Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania , and as spokesman for the Senate Armed Services people from 2003 the law   . 
 Mr. Ullyot 