Rep. Steve King ( ) blasted the angry left on Wednesday at the scene of a shooting earlier in the day that wounded House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( ) an aide , and two Capitol Police . [ " America has been divided , " Rep. Steve King ( ) said , according to the Washington Post . " And the center of America is disappearing , and the violence is appearing in the streets , and the violence ’s coming from left on Wednesday . "   Asked whether the a shooting earlier in the day that wounded House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( ) an aide, and two Capitol Police politically motivated , he said he did he know why the gunman did what he did he However , Rep. Steve King ( ) pointed at anger and demonstrations against Trump , according to the Post the Washington Post , in Rep. Steve King ( ) remarks at the shooting scene , said it was impossible to separate the hyperpartisan climate in Washington   —    especially people protesting Trump   —    with Republican members of Congress being fired upon at a baseball practice . " The divisions within the country , people that ca n’t accept the results of the election that are determined to try to take this country down the country this organization down , " Rep. Steve King ( ) said . " This city was filled up with demonstrations the day after the inauguration , where you could n’t drive down the streets . And we ’ve had demonstrations every week since then , sometimes different topics . " Rep. Steve King ( ) added : " We do need to we on what ’s happening to the culture in this country . " the country has been identified as James T. Hodgkinson III , 66 , of Belleville , Ill. by law enforcement officials . The shooting occurred early Wednesday morning at a park where Republican congressmen and their aides were practicing for an annual baseball charity game played against Democratic colleagues . Democrats were also practicing at the time , but in D. C. An FBI official told reporters at the scene that it was " too early to tell " if the GOP congressmen were targeted or not . Yet , a look at a Facebook page appearing to belong to Hodgkinson showed he was a Sen. Bernie Hodgkinson ( ) supporter who bashed Trump several times and liked an    cartoon . 
 