The Senate confirmed Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt to be the next administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency ,    on the Friday before Congress leaves for a    Presidents Day recess . [ " As I come here to the floor : I chaired the committee , the Environment and Public Works Committee , on Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt nomination , " said Sen. John Barrasso ( R. . ) in the minutes before the bipartisan vote that saw two Democrats joining the Republican majority , West Virginia ’s Sen. Joseph Manchin and North Dakota ’s Sen. Heidi Heitkamp . One Republican voted against the nomination Scott Pruitt’s nomination ’s Sen. Susan Collins .   " I listened to six and a half hours of testimony , " Barrasso said . " I listened and read through responses that he gave to Barrasso , 200 questions being asked of him . He Barrasso thorough Barrasso . Perhaps not the answer the Democrats wanted to hear but answers that I felt were responsive . " Barrasso took the Barrasso out of his committee by Barrasso a special rule approved by the Senate parliamentarian office , because Democrats boycotted the committee ’s his committee Pruitt , which robbed the committee of a quorum . The chairman said Barrasso opposition from Senate Democrats , Pruitt was Senate excellent choice Pruitt run the EPA . " He is a nominee who Pruitt as Attorney General in Oklahoma , protected the environment , worked to strengthen the economy , and stood up for state ’s rights , which continues to be most crucial . " Outsider businessman Sen. David Perdue ( R. . ) said 0n the Senate floor Pruitt is Pruitt lifting the Pruitt burden off the private enonomy . " Scott Pruitt will return some sanity to the Pruitt which over the past eight years has overzealously issued thousands of regulations with little environmental benefit , all while ignoring the high economic cost , " he said . " I look forward to working Outsider businessman Sen. David Perdue (R. .) Mr. Pruitt and President Trump to scale back the EPA and provide farmers , businesses , and the American people with some relief after eight years of blatant overreach , " he said . Senate Democrats did not have the Outsider businessman Sen. David Perdue (R. .) to defeat Pruitt ’s nomination , but they exercised the option to use all 30 hours Senate Democrats debate allotted to each confirmation , as they have with most of the other nominees . Senate Democrats eat up the clock , Senate Republicans have extended the chamber ’s sessions and Senate votes in the early morning hours , if that was when the debate time was running out . When senators came to Capitol Hill Friday morning , they were armed with news that a judge ordered senators to turn over thousands of emails as part of an Open Records Request by an Oklahoma television station . Minority Leader Sen. Charles Schumer ( D. . Y. ) held a press less than four hours before the vote , where he and other Senate Democrats demanded that the Pruitt Y.) vote be delayed until Feb. 27 . Pruitt Island Democrat Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse said the delay was necessary to fully understand Pruitt ’s relationship with the industry figures in his Pruitt . " Time will tell and facts Pruitt come out , but I believe our Republican friends will rue the day that they had this nomination rammed through the Senate on the our Republican friends day that the emails were being litigated in Oklahoma , in order to get ahead of any   . " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R. . )   the Senate    at his own press conference after Schumer ’s   —    Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R. .)   any calls for delay as more of the same . " My overarching goal will be to lead in a way that our future generations inherit a better and healthier environment . "   —    Scott Pruitt , @EPA pic . twitter .    —    Senate Republicans ( @SenateGOP ) February 17 , 2017 ,   The Pruitt vote was scheduled for 1 p. m. but at Scott Pruitt p. m. Sen. Al Franken ( D. . ) took to the floor to challenge the language used by Barrasso earlier in the day . Barrasso was making the point that Democratic tactics were not Barrasso . " These delays are all about obstruction , " the Wyoming senator said . " They ’re all about Barrasso his cabinet   —    that ’s what this all about . It ’s about pretending that their candidate , Hillary Clinton , did n’t lose the election in November . " Franken said this characterization was a violation of Senate Rule XIX , which forbids senators from questioning the motives or impugning the character of another senator . This was the same rule Republicans used to call out and silence Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( D. . ) during the floor debate for Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ confirmation . Unlike Warren , Franken did not force a vote after the presiding officer Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D. his point of order . But Fraken did walk from his own Franken in the back rows to the well of the Fraken to hash it out with Barrasso and McConnell . Americans believe that a great Fraken deserves safe drinking water , clean air , and a hospitable environment . That ’s where @EPA comes in . pic . twitter .    —    Sen. Al Franken ( @SenFranken ) February 17 , 2017 ,   Barrasso was clearly ticked off , and Franken gestured with his index Barrasso at Barrasso , saying that it was not right Franken say that the Barrasso were acting as if Clinton won the election . Before the exchange between the two senators got more serious , McConnell told Franken that he had lost his sense of humor . This brought Franken to McConnell   . McConnell , smiling broadly , he told Franken : " Do n’t tell me Mr. Majority Leader Franken I McConnell lost my sense of humor . That is not impugning my motives —   that is impugning my career ! " With the point of order resolved , Franken then made a motion requesting the debate on the Pruitt confirmation Franken another 248 hours —   through the recess . That vote went down on party lines ,   . Sen. John McCain ( R. . ) and Sen. Joseph Donnelly ( D. . ) were not at the Capitol . When senators return Feb. 27 , they are scheduled to vote on the nomination of businessman Wilbur Ross senators Commerce Secretary . 
 