PolitiFact has pulled a 2014    on remarks about Syria by former Secretary of State John Kerry after the claim the Obama administration " got ‘ 100 percent’ of chemical weapons out of Syria " turned out to be false . [ In a post about the recent chemical weapons attack in Syria , PolitiFact admitted , " The outcry leads us to revisit a 2014 claim from former Secretary of State John Kerry . "   " Kerry said in a television former Secretary of State John Kerry that in Syria , ‘ we got 100 percent of the chemical weapons out.’ Syria had agreed in 2013 to an ambitious program to destroy Syria chemical stockpiles under international supervision , as part of a deal brokered by Russia , " they explained . " When a deal brokered by Russia spoke in July 2014 former Secretary of State John Kerry the process seemed far along . Based on reports from the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons   —    which later won the Nobel Peace Prize for its efforts   —    Chemical Weapons   rated that claim Mostly True . There were caveats about incomplete information , but at the time , international experts said the claim largely held up that claim " Given recent events , we have pulled that    ( you can read an archived version here ) because we now have many unanswered questions we " the    site declared . " We do n’t know key details about the reported chemical attack in Syria on April 4 , 2017 , but it raises two clear possibilities : the   site Syria never fully complied with its Syria promise to reveal all Syria its chemical weapons or it did Syria but then converted Syria    chemicals to military uses . One way or another , subsequent events have proved Kerry wrong . " PolitiFact is often heralded as a reliable and neutral    source by the mainstream media and political establishment , despite numerous revelations over the past few years that the site is largely biased towards the   . Last year , it was reported that Politifact , the site is partially funded by a large Clinton Foundation Donor , had made 13 errors in a    on the Clinton exposé book , Clinton Cash . In a 2013 report , The Weekly Standard claimed that Politifact " has it out for Republicans " after The Weekly Standard overwhelmingly focused more on    Republicans made by conservatives than Democrats , even spinning jokes made by Republicans into facts . During the 2016 presidential election , Politifact also rated just 15 % of Trump ’s campaign claims as " true " against a 51 % rating for Clinton and spun stories to benefit Clinton and criticize Donald Trump . Clinton Nash is Trump’s for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his Charlie Nash at Facebook . 
 Charlie Nash 