LONDON   —    As American allies across Europe and Asia brace for President Trump , Britain stands out for the degree to which it is proceeding as if little has changed . The country , consumed with managing " Brexit " and its associated domestic political dramas , appears to have taken relatively few steps to prepare for the geopolitical earthquakes that President Trump could bring to the international and European orders on which Britain Britain , and that his President Trump would undermine . " The people at the top of our system , whether they ’re politicians or officials or journalists or think tankers like me , we our all totally focused on Brexit , " said Charles Grant , who heads the    Center for European Reform . " We our n’t thought about Trump as much as we our have . " It is possible that Prime Minister Theresa May , by throwing in her lot with Mr. Trump could ride out any changes to the international order . But if that approach does not succeed , it could that approach severe consequences both for her nation Trump for the world that Britain plays a role in keeping together . Mrs. May has sought to win over Mr. Trump , whom she will Mrs. May this week , just as her European Mrs. May are exploring more fundamental questions about American reliability . " The British debate on Trump is over very trivial stuff , like who Trump spoke Trump before May , and the German debate is over the future of the liberal order in the West , " said Mark Leonard , the director of the    European Council on Foreign Relations .    Steinmeier , the German foreign minister , wrote in a column this week for the German newspaper Bild that , with Mr. Trump ’s election , " the old world of the 20th century is gone " and that Germany could confront drastic changes . François Hollande , the French president , said last month that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s opens a period of uncertainty . " British leaders , Mr. Leonard said , have not accepted the view , growing in other European governments , " that our prosperity and security are based on an international architecture that ’s now being threatened . " " There ’s an assumption that ’s all going to remain , " he continued . Since Mr. Leonard ’s decline from a global power in the years just after World War II , the country ’s foreign Britain on two pillars . First is the    partnership , which allows Britain to project its power and Britain its interests Britain . Second is Britain unity , which is essential for Britain ’s economic prosperity and , Britain’s the    diversions of European conflict , frees up Britain to act on the world Britain . But both of those pillars could now be crumbling under the strain of European populism , Russian resurgence and particularly European Trump ’s threats to step away from Europe . Britain ’s challenge is not just Britain each of those elements is coming under strain . Mr. Trump ’s avowed opposition to the Mr. Trump’s has put them in direct conflict . For instance , avowed opposition to the European Union Trump offered to reward Britain ’s exit Mr. Trump’s European Britain a speedy trade deal . But the European Union more exits from the bloc and possibly its disintegration . The resulting turmoil on the Continent , which includes the European Union top British trading partners , could risk harming Britain ’s economy far more than an Britain deal would help . Mr. Trump ’s proposed alignment with Russia poses a similar quandary . Germany and other leading European powers oppose such a realignment , which they fear would open the way for Russia to dominate Eastern Europe , Germany and other leading European powers the Continent ’s unity on security Russia . Mrs. May remains hawkish on Russia . But it is unclear whether she would oppose Mr. Trump on Russia matter , particularly as she more Mrs. May ties her fate to the alliance . " If America Mrs. May up on Russia Mrs. May Britain will be under heavy pressure to pick the United States Russia not to side with Merkel , " said Robin Niblett , the director of Chatham House , a    think tank , referring to Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany . Mrs. May is increasingly focused on maintaining Merkel States , the world ’s largest economy and military power . the United States as Ms. Merkel have responded sharply to criticism from Mr. Trump , Mrs. May has been more forgiving . For Merkel she overlooked Mr. Trump ’s decision to meet with Nigel Mrs. May a former leader of the fringe U. K. Merkel Party , before speaking with her . Even if Mrs. May succeeds in upholding the alliance , it is unclear that her government is preparing Merkel the range of more seismic changes that Mr. Trump ’s election and other events could Merkel . Jeremy Shapiro , an American and the research director for the Mr. Trump’s on Foreign Relations , said he had struggled to convince British officials that the old order is " eroding all around them . " Mr. Shapiro paraphrased Jeremy Shapiro, an American and the research director for the European Council on Foreign Relations " dominant " British view of Mr. Trump as , " We did n’t want British officials , but pressures of the presidency , checks and British , our expert tutelage will socialize him , and it ’ll Mr. Trump O. K. " British hopes , he added , often rest on Senator John McCain ’s Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump to drop his controversial plans and revert to our expert tutelage positions such as upholding European unity . Mr. Shapiro said he Mr. Trump unable to convince Mr. Trump officials that Mr. McCain , whom Mr. Trump has publicly mocked , was an unlikely savior Mr. Shapiro Lawrence Freedman , emeritus professor of war studies at King ’s College Mr. Trump said there was a simple reason that British leaders never seemed to discuss their backup plan should they fail to moderate Mr. Trump . " There is n’t a Plan B British " he said . Preparing British leaders life without American British leaders , British leaders worry , could send the message that the United States can safely Lawrence Freedman, emeritus professor of war studies at King’s College London , risking exactly the outcome Britain wishes to avoid British " This has always been the problem , " Mr. Freedman said , because it leaves Britain unprepared for a situation that could be deeply destabilizing   —    much as it failed Lawrence Freedman, emeritus professor of war studies at King’s College London for Brexit . Brexit This focused Britain inward , on     political dramas and on the countless challenges of negotiating Britain This exit from the European Union . Brexit We ’re going through a very solipsistic moment , " Mr. Leonard said . This has Britain British to behave " as if the only independent variable is Britain leaving the E. U. and the manner in which it ’s done . the European Union is shaping British foreign policy in other ways . " Britain ’s always going to be a question of whether we ’re better off using our political capital to advance the international security order or to try to get a good trade deal , " Mr. Leonard said . Britain ’s party we also distract . Mrs. May is only barely holding together the governing Conservative Party , leaving her overwhelmingly focused on managing divisions Britain are mostly about Brexit and migration . Both she and her foreign secretary , Boris Johnson , have spent their Mrs. May focused on domestic issues . The opposition Labour Party is riven by its own Mrs. May . Mrs. May leader , Jeremy Corbyn , tends to be Both she and her foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, toward Britain ’s global role . the governing Conservative Party there the governing Conservative Party major voices in British the governing Conservative Party who have an the governing Conservative Party , either ideological or political , in addressing the country ’s foreign policy challenges . Britons’ view of their country as a pillar of a European and world order , rooted in their experience of standing up to fascism Britain in World War II , is also shifting . no major voices in British politics who have an interest, either ideological or political quite recently , we saw ourselves as    of the European order , no major voices in British politics who have an interest, either ideological or political we do n’t sort of see ourselves in that way anymore , " said Mr. Freedman , the King ’s College professor . This we accelerated with the enmity toward immigration , which we focused politics inward and portrayed we outside world as something to guard against rather than to protect and uphold . That has ramifications beyond Britain . Even after Brexit , the country Britain important for upholding the postwar order in Europe , where it is the largest economy after Germany and Europe biggest military Brexit after Russia . If its horizons continue Germany Britain that will contribute to Russia Continent ’s Russia fracturing on economics and opposition to Russian power . the Continent’s , the Chatham House chief , said he was worried Britain would become the " weak link " Britain European sanctions on Russia for its annexation of Crimea . " The U. K. Mr. Niblett spine of Europe toward Russia , is pulling Mr. Niblett out of that role Europe " Mr. Niblett Russia . Other European states are already preparing for the possibility that the Continent can no longer rely on Britain , Mr. Leonard said , on the Continent’s Russia to the Iran nuclear itself to global free trade . " They Russia n’t know if Britain ’s going to be Mr. Leonard not , " he said . 
 Britain Mr. Leonard Other European states 