The University of Texas at the President told students they students not become a sanctuary campus —   for now . [ " The answer right now is no , " said    President Vistasp Karbhari on Wednesday during " Pizza with the President , " a regularly scheduled lunchtime gathering where the top admin serves free pizza and the student body tackle issues .   Karbhari President Vistasp Karbhari their President Vistasp Karbhari is a public institution and fueled by state and federal dollars . He President Vistasp Karbhari it President Vistasp Karbhari to risk losing its President Vistasp Karbhari if the university does not follow all laws , according to student newspaper The Shorthorn . This comment follows recent    city legislation that passed in the state Senate and next moves into the House . Senate the state Senate 4 , which , if signed into law , would punish sanctuary cities , counties , and public colleges that fail to cooperate with federal immigration officials . Governor Greg Abbott placed banning sanctuary city policies on his Governor Greg Abbott items for the 2017 legislative session . " The moment we do n’t follow a law , we we a private institution , " said Karbhari , " and that is something we we not do . " Even without adopting sanctuary campus policies , Karbhari Karbhari the university would only give out information and data requested by government agencies like the U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) with a court order or subpoena . Otherwise , they the U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) not release the data , The Shorthorn reported . Karbhari Karbhari    does not often receive subpoena requests . Interestingly , part of Duke University ’s sanctuary campus policy is to withhold illegal immigrant students’ status from federal immigration officials unless they illegal immigrant students’ status from federal immigration officials a subpoena . Breitbart Texas reached out to Karbhari Karbhari clarification on his Breitbart Texas proposed action and awaits a response . " We will do everything we We to make sure that our We are safe and secure on this campus , he Breitbart Texas . Mark Napieralski , a    senior and Progressive Student Union president , attended and felt Karbhari Karbhari not address illegal immigrant student safety sufficiently , according to The Shorthorn . On January 20 , Napieralski led an inauguration day campus protest to " reject Trump ’s agenda " and delivered a sanctuary campus petition to Karbhari Karbhari The Progressive Student Union rallied for sanctuary status on February 9 , railing against the U. S. suspending its refugee program or Progressive Student Union temporary travel restrictions on individuals from the seven    nations named in President Trump ’s recent executive order . The Progressive Student Union Progressive Student Union " intersectional activist community Progressive Student Union for the rights of marginalized people on campus and beyond . " Their Facebook profile links to a parent organization , the National Students for a Democratic Society ( SDS ) a reboot of the 1960 ’s radical group Students for a Democratic Society ( SDS ) . The SDS chapter at the University of California , Davis , staged a violent MILO protest , Breitbart News reported . The " union " hosts a link to the online petition to make    a safe space . It states : In a recent email The "union" the students of UTA , our president said " As the 5th most diverse college campus in the nation , we treasure the ethnic and cultural richness our makes UTA unique . We pride ourselves on UTA pivotal role our play our the community of Arlington our North Texas , and beyond , through the global impact that our tremendous scholarship , research , and outreach produces . It is you , our faculty , staff and students , our make this impact possible , and we cherish each and every one of you . " We are calling the University President to we his word and protect Muslim , refugee the University President undocumented students . On Facebook , the group shared its displeasure with Karbhari Facebook on Wednesday Facebook calling it " unacceptable to put the needs of Karbhari’s system over the needs of students . " The Progressive Student Union also had a meltdown over Trump backing the blue . On Facebook they posted : " And so   Facebook Facebook Trump shows he stands besides Police Brutality . Trump fight Trump struggle to have UTA condemn Police Brutality will continue ! " A petition to declare the flagship    a sanctuary circulated in December . President Greg Fenves said the university had no legal authority to become a sanctuary campus but said he signed a petition supporting the Deferred Action President Greg Fenves Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) former President Obama ’s 2012 executive amnesty for children of illegal immigrants brought into the U. S. illegally , The Daily Texan reported . The Arlington branch of the UT system is located within the      Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) .    enrolls slightly less than 40 , 000 students on the campus , of which roughly 28 , 200 of them are undergraduates , and nearly 25 percent enrolls slightly less than 40, 000 students on the campus, of which roughly 28 Hispanic , 12 percent international . They list total global enrollment as 55 , enrolls slightly less than 40, 000 students on the campus, of which roughly 28 . Follow Merrill Hope , a member of the original Breitbart Texas team , on Twitter . 
 