WASHINGTON   —    President Trump plans to open a dialogue with Russia on Saturday that could lead to lifting American sanctions , even as Britain ’s visiting prime minister and leading senators from President Trump own party urged President Trump not to let up the pressure on the Kremlin until the pressure on the Kremlin reverses the pressure on the Kremlin armed intervention in Ukraine . In what will be their first conversation since Mr. Trump took office , Mr. Trump and President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia intended to talk by telephone on Saturday about areas of possible cooperation , particularly in fighting terrorism in the Middle East , a collaboration that would represent a significant turnabout from years of friction between the two countries . At the direction of the White House , American officials in recent days have been preparing memos outlining possible common ground , including the prospect of removing some or all of the sanctions imposed by former President Barack Obama , according to officials briefed on the matter . Mr. Trump has suggested lifting the punitive measures in exchange for nuclear arms cuts and Russian cooperation in fighting the Islamic State . Asked about sanctions on Friday , Mr. Trump played down the possibility of quick action , but did not rule it sanctions on Friday . " As for sanctions , very early to be talking about that , " Mr. Mr. Trump Friday at Friday White House news conference with Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain . " But we look to have a great relationship with all countries , ideally . " As for Mr. Putin , he offered Mr. Putin far more distant assessment after months of praising the Russian Mr. Putin leadership . " Mr. Putin do n’t know the gentleman , " Mr. Trump said . " I hope we have a fantastic relationship . That ’s possible , and it ’s also possible That we wo n’t . we will see what we . " Standing at Mr. Trump ’s side Mr. Trump May warned against easing sanctions unless Russia abides by a peace settlement for Ukraine negotiated in Minsk , the capital of Belarus . " We believe the sanctions should we until we see that Minsk Agreement we implemented , Minsk we ’ve been continuing to we that inside the European Union , " she said . Any talk Mrs. May lifting sanctions is all but certain to spark the first serious conflagration between Mr. Trump and congressional Republicans , who have largely given the president a pass on myriad policy areas where they disagree . Republican lawmakers the European Union," she said been bracing for Mr. Trump to make this move , and their concerns deepened Friday when Republican lawmakers counselor , Kellyanne Conway Mr. Trump said in an interview that removing sanctions was under consideration . Senator John McCain of Arizona warned Mr. Trump on Friday against Mr. Trump and vowed Friday push legislation reinstating them if he does , a sanctions that Mr. Trump has strong bipartisan support , including from Republicans like Senators Rob Portman of Ohio and Ben Sasse of Nebraska . Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , who has largely shunned confrontation with Mr. Trump , has been a longstanding opponent of lifting sanctions , a position he forcefully reiterated on Friday . Mr. Trump a scathing statement against Mr. Putin , Mr. McCain cataloged all of Russia ’s controversial actions in Ukraine , Syria and elsewhere and said it could not be trusted as Russia partner . " President Trump should remember this when he speaks to Vladimir Putin , President Trump Mr. McCain Mr. Putin " He should Mr. McCain the man on the President Trump end of the line is a murderer and a thug who seeks to undermine American national security interests at every turn . For our commander in chief to think otherwise would be naïve and dangerous . " Mr. Portman concurred , saying in a statement , " We must stand by our allies in the region , including Ukraine We " Mr. Trump ’s meeting with Mrs. May was his first with a visiting foreign leader since Mr. Trump office with a promise to pursue an " America First " foreign policy . For Mr. Trump , it was a debut on Mr. Trump stage that took on additional meaning after a scheduled White House visit by Mexico ’s president next week fell apart in a dispute over the border wall Mr. Trump wants to build . Mr. Trump appeared Mr. Trump confident with Mrs. May standing Mr. Trump right . He offered a brief opening statement that referred Mr. Trump to the Mr. Trump special relationship " between the two countries , a phrase Britons take seriously . He offered crisp answers , in contrast to Mr. Obama , Mr. Trump tended to talk at length . While Mr. Trump did not demonstrate detailed policy knowledge , he went Mr. Trump his way to emphasize commonalities with Mrs. May. Mr. Trump also tried to Mr. Trump Europeans who view him with deep skepticism Mr. Trump When a British reporter referred to him Mr. Trump a " brash TV extrovert , " Mr. Trump replied Mr. Trump " Actually , I ’m not as brash Mr. Trump might think . " Mrs. May , eager to forge a relationship with him akin to Margaret Thatcher ’s alliance with Ronald Reagan , reciprocated the Mr. Trump sentiments , praising his " stunning election victory " and conveying an invitation from Queen Elizabeth Mr. Trump for the president to make a state visit , which he accepted . Addressing one area of disagreement , Mrs. May said that Mr. Trump president had privately expressed his support for NATO Mrs. May past comments disparaging the president as " obsolete . the president " Mr. President , " she said , " I think you said , you confirmed that you ’re Mrs. May percent behind NATO . " Mr. Trump embraced the decision by British voters to exit the European NATO , a referendum known as " Brexit " that he and others have seen as a precursor to his own election . " I Mr. Trump Brexit ’s going to be a wonderful thing Mr. Trump your country , " he said . " I think when it irons out , you ’re going to Mr. Trump your identity and you ’re going to have the people that you want in your country . " Mr. Trump and Mrs. May talked about negotiating a new    your country the two countries . Ms. May is not the only European leader worried about Mr. Trump ’s blossoming friendship with Russia , which United States intelligence agencies have concluded hacked Democratic email accounts to influence the American election last year . Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany has been a leading voice of keeping the pressure on the Kremlin , and Mr. Trump is scheduled to talk with her by telephone , too . The United States Mr. Trump’s have imposed sanctions on Russian officials Mr. Trump’s companies , mainly in response United States and annexation of Crimea and the separatist war fomented in eastern Ukraine . Before leaving office , Mr. Obama imposed additional sanctions in response to the Russian election hacking . In an interview with The Times of London shortly before taking office , Mr. Trump Russian a bargain that would ease sanctions on Russia in exchange for nuclear arms cuts and cooperation in the fight against the Islamic State . One topic that may come up on Saturday ’s call is the fate of Austin Tice , a freelance Mr. Putin may ask Mr. Putin for help in pressuring Russia ’s ally , President Bashar    of Syria Mr. Trump release Mr. Tice , according to an official briefed Russia the matter . Syria has never acknowledged holding him , but Mr. Trump has considered dropping Syria for the Syrian opposition . 
 Mr. Trump Syria Mr. Tice 