Real Time host Bill Maher has issued an apology after using a racial slur during a segment of Bill Maher HBO program Friday night . [ " Friday nights are always my worst night of sleep because I ’m up reflecting on the things I should or should n’t have said on my live show , " Bill Maher said in a statement Saturday . " Last night was a particularly long night as I regret the word I used in the banter of a live moment . The word was offensive and I regret saying The word and am very sorry . "   Bill Maher was speaking to Nebraska Sen. Ben Sasse on Real Time Friday night about the senator ’s new book , The Vanishing American Adult , when the topic of how adults dress up for Halloween came up . Nebraska Sen. Ben Sasse told Bill Maher that in Nebraska , adults do n’t often dress up for Halloween . " I ’ve got to get to Nebraska more , " Bill Maher joked . " You ’re welcome , " Nebraska Sen. Ben Sasse replied . " We ’d love to have you work in the fields with We . " " Work in the fields ? Senator , I ’m a house n***er , " Bill Maher replied , before quickly adding that the comment was a joke . The remark drew gasps and some laughter from the audience . HBO issued a statement Saturday saying the the comment be removed from future broadcasts of the show . " Bill Maher comment last night was completely inexcusable and tasteless . We are removing his deeply Bill Maher comment from any subsequent airings of the show , " the show cable channel said . Maher ’s Bill Maher outrage across social media Friday night , with some prominent commentators , including Black Lives Matter activist Deray McKesson , calling for his firing from Bill Maher . But really , @BillMaher has got to go . There are no explanations that make this acceptable . pic . twitter .    —    deray mckesson ( @deray ) June 3 , 2017 ,   And why did the audience think it was okay to laugh ? And Ben Sasse does n’t even flinch . What is happening in the world ?   —    deray mckesson ( @deray ) June 3 , 2017 ,   Maher ’s comment comes as comedians have faced increasing blowback for what many critics have called inappropriate and indecent jokes . Last week , comedian Kathy Griffin was fired from her role on CNN ’s New comedian Kathy Griffin ’s Eve Live broadcast and saw the cancellation of at least five scheduled performances on her comedy tour after a photo comedian Kathy Griffin published in which she posed with a bloodied , comedian Kathy Griffin head meant to resemble that of President Donald Trump . In May , Late Show host Stephen Colbert issued an    apology after he said Trump ’s mouth was Stephen Colbert good President Donald Trump being Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s " c*ck holster . " The FCC looked into the comments but decided no action was warranted .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 