WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Standing in front of a host of Republican House lawmakers gathered for a victory lap in the Rose Garden on Thursday afternoon , President Donald Trump declared that passing the American Health Care Act would be an " unbelievable victory when we get the American Health Care Act through the Senate . " [ After weeks of heated debate over repealing and replacing Obamacare , House very narrowly passed what the President Donald Trump the first step in repealing President Obama ’s signature health insurance law , Obamacare . President Trump called a press conference with House House at the House commemorate the    passage of the bill .   President Trump entered the Rose President Trump a standing ovation : President Trump enters the Rose Garden President Trump House members after House passing American House Care Act # AHCA # ACA # Obamacare pic . twitter .    —    Michelle Moons ( @MichelleDiana ) May 4 , 2017 ,   " Welcome to the beginning of the end of Obamacare , " said Vice President Mike Pence , as he credited the leadership and persistent work Vice President Mike Pence President Trump for the bill ’s passage . Pence recalled the March 2010 passage of Vice President Mike Pence and Republican promises that the law " would not stand " as he stood in front of an overflowing Vice President Mike Pence of Republican lawmakers who had rushed down to the White House from Capitol Hill . " We ’ve taken a historic first step to repeal and replace Obamacare and finally give the American people the kind of health care they deserve . " President Trump spoke the American people Americans suffering under the " ravages " of Obamacare . He declared confidence that the bill would President Trump in the U. S. Senate , that it would " get even better . the bill He promised that premiums and deductibles will President Trump down under the AHCA . " It ’s gon na be an unbelievable victory , actually , when we get it through the Senate , " said It . the U. S. Senate Paul Ryan said that , after serving during four presidential administrations , he had never seen the level of involvement House Speaker Paul Ryan the White House as he has with this President and Vice President House Speaker Paul Ryan As Ryan spoke , Trump and Rep. Mark Meadows House Speaker Paul Ryan be seen Trump a few friendly words that seemed to make each of them smile . House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy then took Ryan spoke podium , stating that it would have been easy to watch Obamacare collapse , but that would n’t be right , " Today is a start of a new beginning . " House Majority Whip Steve Scalise spoke of stories from Americans in his district who have seen double digit increases in their House Majority Whip Steve Scalise insurance premiums every year under Obamacare . This Americans n’t about a political goal , Obamacare Scalise , this is " about families . " Energy House Majority Whip Steve Scalise Commerce Chairman Greg Walden said they reached out to Governors , Insurance Commissioners , and " innovators of this space . " " We have the opportunity now to rescue people , to they them the opportunity to truly get the kind of care people they want , they deserve , with the doctors that people choose , people a price they can afford , people said House Budget Committee Chairwoman people Black . House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady said , " I know this is just a first step , but make no mistake , this is a giant step toward the day when Americans this n’t struggling under one trillion of dollars of tax hikes that hurt small businesses , that land on families , that drag our economy down , that hurt patients . " Brady thanked Congressman Mark Meadows for remaining " at the House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady , worked to bring our conference together . " Freedom Caucus Chairman Meadows then our to the podium saying Congressman Mark Meadows three numbers that matter today , 217 , 1 , and 318 . " Meadows continued : Today we had a vote in the House and 217 Congressman Mark Meadows our came together from different districts , from all across the country . From Maine to California , from Michigan to Florida and in between and all of those 217 members came from different districts that represented a different kind of people . It ’s a good day because of the number one , a president who would n’t give up , a president who got engaged , a president who said you know I do n’t care what the mainstream media is saying , we ’re gon na get this done and we ’re gon na make it better for the American people . And we President and Mr. Vice President , for those late night calls i ’m glad that i ’ll get some rest , but I want to thank you on behalf of the most critical number and that ’s the 318 million Americans who now , once again will be able to get affordable healthcare , to allow those decisions to be made between them and their doctor and once again , make sure that they do behalf of the most critical number have behalf of the most critical number go begging and figuring out how to pay behalf of the most critical number their healthcare premium instead of their mortgage . So Mr. President it ’s behalf of the most critical number great day for America behalf of the most critical number it ’s a great day for this Administration and it ’s a truly it day for the American people . Rep. @RepMarkMeadows it House passage of the AHCA a truly great day for the American people   —    standing with President and Rs at WH pic . twitter .    —    Michelle Moons ( @MichelleDiana ) May 4 , 2017 ,   Rep. Tom MacArthur recalled the crippling medical bills his dad worked hard to pay off after his mom got cancer . Rep. Tom MacArthur said he was proud to have a Rep. Tom MacArthur part in bringing affordable Rep. Tom MacArthur care Rep. Tom MacArthur Americans . Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Director Seema Verma took the podium thanking the whole group and speaking of moms across the country with insurance cards they ca n’t use because their healthcare was unaffordable . House Republicans celebrate Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Director Seema Verma President , Administration passage Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Director Seema Verma American Health Care Act in White House Rose Garden # Obamacare pic . twitter .    —    Michelle Moons ( @MichelleDiana ) May 4 , 2017 ,   Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price spoke of the attempt to provide care for every single American . " We ’ve gotten to this point right now because the men and women behind us have acted upon principle . " He spoke of principle that provides We health care for everybody and of Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price highest quality . " The journey continues , we will get it done , " said President Trump . As he We the event The journey he thanked everyone that had been involved in President Trump the bill through the President Trump , adding in a entertaining and lighthearted note , " I even want to thank the media . " " I even want to thank the media " President Trump at Rose Garden press conference celebrating House passage the media AHCA @realDonaldTrump pic . twitter .    —    the House Moons ( @MichelleDiana ) May 4 , 2017 Twitter in the front rows for the event were many Trump Administration officials . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 Michelle Moons (@MichelleDiana) 