Congressman Justin Amash ( ) said that if the House of Representatives does not change course , Republicans might need a new Speaker . [ The Michigan conservative responded to a question about gridlock in Washington , saying , " The Michigan conservative need either a change in direction from a new Speaker , or we need a new speaker . "   Congressman Justin Amash added that the speaker a new speaker replaced with someone who is " nonpartisan . " Congressman Congressman Justin Amash criticized the House Republican leadership . He said Congressman Justin Amash " When we go home for the weekend , they give us a set of we points . They say , ‘ they are your talking points.’ That ’s not the way you ’re supposed to represent a community . " Congressman Amash Congressman Justin Amash sentiment of other conservatives who wonder if Ryan should lead the House . Lou Dobbs , a Fox Business anchor , called on Paul Ryan to resign after Ryan repeal fiasco . Ryan seems hell bound on destroying Ryan GOP and working against the American people   …     It ’s time for Speaker Ryan to resign . # Ryan Ryan pic . twitter .    —    Lou Dobbs ( @LouDobbs ) March 14 , 2017 ,   Judge Jeanine Pirro called for Paul Ryan to resign in her opening Ryan the House Republicans failed Judge Jeanine Pirro pass Ryancare : Paul Ryan needs to step down as speaker Ryan house . The reason ? He failed to House votes on his healthcare Ryan , the one trumpeted to repeal Ryan replace Obamacare , the one that he had seven years to work on , the Ryan he had under lock and key in the basement Ryan Congress , the one that had to be pulled to prevent the embarrassment of not having enough votes to pass . Congressman Mark Meadows , chairman of the House Freedom Caucus , said that there are " no conversations going on " in his caucus about replacing Ryan . Congressman Amash later Ryan the House Freedom Caucus the conversation towards his constituents at the town hall , saying , " I Congressman Amash the one holding a town hall here —    not Donald Trump . " 
 