Controversy usually creates cash and big ratings —   except if you are NBC News’ Megyn Kelly . [ After Megyn Kelly ’s controversial and    interview with Alex Jones tanked by again failing to beat out reruns of 60 Minutes and America ’s Funniest Home Videos , New York radio host Mark Simone tweeted on Monday that NBC is trying to unload Megyn Kelly and convince Fox News to take Megyn Kelly back .   But a    Fox News source told Breitbart News that there is " no way " Megyn Kelly could come back to the network . Quite simply , a   Fox News source told Breitbart Breitbart News Megyn Kelly " would not be welcomed back . " Inside scoop :   NBC now trying to get rid of Megyn Kelly . Even trying to get FOX to buy out her Megyn Kelly and take her Megyn Kelly .   —    MARK SIMONE ( @MarkSimoneNY ) June 19 , 2017 ,   Simone also suggested MARK SIMONE (@MarkSimoneNY) if Kelly Megyn Kelly more toxic and her Megyn Kelly tank even more , " NBC will have to take her Megyn Kelly the network , " and " if they are stuck Kelly becomes more toxic and her ratings tank even more, "NBC will have to take her off the network her Megyn Kelly they ’ll give Kelly becomes more toxic and her ratings tank even more, "NBC will have to take her off the network Megyn Kelly MSNBC show . " NBC will have to take her Megyn Kelly the network   —    if NBC are stuck with her Megyn Kelly NBC ’ll give her Megyn Kelly MSNBC show , MSNBC —    MARK SIMONE ( @MarkSimoneNY ) June 19 , 2017 ,   Before she Megyn Kelly to NBC , Kelly anchored The Kelly File on Fox News . During the 2016 election cycle , Kelly won praise Kelly mainstream media journalists when she tried to Kelly Donald Trump during the first Republican presidential debate in August of 2015 in Cleveland , Ohio . She also gave Kelly Never Trumpers " a forum on her primetime show Kelly constantly slam Trump throughout the Donald Trump cycle . And as the Daily Beast ’s Lloyd Grove noted , Kelly also " hastened [ Roger ] Ailes’ forced resignation last July with her fateful decision Kelly recount his misconduct to [Roger] Ailes’ team of lawyers hired by 21st Century Fox to investigate allegations made in the sexual harassment and retaliation lawsuit filed by Fox News anchor Gretchen Carlson . " New York magazine ’s Gabriel Sherman reported that Kelly " told investigators that Ailes made unwanted sexual advances toward her about ten Gabriel Sherman ago when she was a Gabriel Sherman correspondent at Fox . " Century Fox Grove pointed out , Kelly , in Kelly book , Kelly there was some " poetic justice " in the role she played in Kelly boot Ailes out of Ailes News . " I worked my tail off   …      I established myself as a Kelly person , " Kelly wrote . Kelly I built my own power . And when the allegations against Roger hit , Kelly used it . Perhaps my own power is some poetic justice in that . " NBC reportedly invested nearly $ 20 million a year to bring Kelly to the Kelly , NBC ’s investment has NBC paid any dividends at all . After her interview with Kelly President Vladimir Putin , Kelly was mocked Kelly being way out of her league . Kelly when HuffPost obtained the full unedited interview in which a " nervous " Kelly lobbed Putin Kelly softballs , Russian President Vladimir Putin Kelly was subjected Kelly another round of criticism . Her interview with Kelly her interview with Russian President Vladimir Putin news value and may have damaged NBC ’s and her reputation more Kelly it helped . Advertisers like J. P. her reputation Chase fled while Kelly lost credibility Kelly the eyes of many when , in a leaked recording that Jones released , Kelly is heard Kelly Jones , " It ’s not gon Jones be some her reputation hit piece , I promise you that . " NBC did not help matters when it NBC a photo of Kelly and her reputation Kelly , as The Hill ’s Jones columnist Joe Concha described , looked " like they were on a Tinder date pulling up to a   . " Yet despite all of the hype , Kelly ’s interview Kelly Jones still flopped . 60 Minutes and Jones ’s Funniest Home Videos reruns even beat Kelly ’s show Kelly nearly 40 percent in the coveted 18 to     demographic , as Concha noted . A television executive told CNN over the weekend that NBC ’s " fundamental mistake " was thinking that Kelly was actually Kelly " superstar . " NBC executives have already reportedly determined that NBC are not going to tune in to Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly just to watch Kelly and are Kelly freaking out " over the " ratings disaster " that is Kelly . 
 Kelly 