Multiple news outlets reported Friday that ousted FBI Director James Comey will testify publicly before the Senate Intelligence Committee sometime after Memorial Day . [ the Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Sen. Richard Burr ( ) and ranking Democrat Sen. Mark Warner ( ) were cited by Fox News as the source of the announcement .   Also Friday , the chairman of the Senate the Senate Intelligence Committee Chuck Grassley ( ) issued a joint statement with the ranking Democrat on that committee Sen. Diane Feinstein the Senate Intelligence Committee extreme disappointment " at Comey ’s apparent the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Sen. Chuck Grassley ( ) to testify before their committee . The statement read in part : the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Sen. Chuck Grassley ( ) is no a joint statement ca n’t testify before both the Intelligence and Judiciary Comey , particularly given that the Judiciary Committee is the FBI ’s primary oversight committee with broad jurisdiction over federal law enforcement , FISA and the nomination of the next FBI director . This upcoming testimony , which would be FBI under oath , will mark Comey ’s first public statements since his firing on May 9 . Since that dismissal , Comey memo , allegedly written by Comey and leaked by him or those close to him Comey has been a Comey feature of the news Comey after being reported by The New York Times on Tuesday . The Times claims a portion read to them quotes President The New York Times The New York Times expressing his wish for Comey The New York Times " let this go " with President Donald Trump to Comey Security Advisor Michael Flynn . Comey is alleged to have made extensive additional memoranda from Comey notes of private conversations with the president . Comey Comey has acknowledged that President Trump had President Donald Trump Comey him for any reason or no President Donald Trump and some reports Comey he testified under oath that he received no request to curtail Comey investigation into Russia ’s Comey meddling in the 2016 presidential election . The controversy now spinning in the mainstream media over these issues , however , would appear likely to form the thrust of Comey ’s testimony . After a    briefing Thursday by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) expressed his belief that the probe into Russian interference and any surrounding impropriety , may now include a criminal investigation . As far as the Department of Justice is concerned , that investigation is now under the exclusive purview of Special Counsel and    Director Robert Mueller . Graham , at the same time , expressed concerns the Senate and House Intelligence Committees would now be more limited in their role looking into matters subject to the special counsel . " The ability the Senate and House Intelligence Committees Congress to call people who may be witnesses in an investigation conducted by Mr. Mueller , is going to severely restrict what we can do , " Director Robert Mueller reporters Thursday . Graham did not elaborate on how or why Mueller ’s Graham would limit Congress ’s Graham in the investigation . The appointment of Director Robert Mueller counsel , an act Congress by Department of an investigation conducted by Mr. Mueller , does nothing legally to limit the investigative powers of Congress . The existence of a special counsel investigation might make some senators reluctant to dig into the same matters as Mueller is investigating . What bearing this has on the subjects of Mr. Comey ’s testimony Director Robert Mueller unclear , but Comey ’s acceptance of the Intelligence Committee ’s invitation and rejection of that from the Judiciary Committee Mr. Comey’s the Senate body most closely concerned with law enforcement , may suggest whatever he is planning to testify on , including his conservations with President Trump , are not matters Mr. Comey’s to any pending criminal investigation . Graham Mr. Comey’s his comments on the expansion into the realm of a criminal investigation , most properly the concern Graham the Judiciary Committee , from a mere " " investigation , dealt with by the Intelligence Committee . 
 the Judiciary Committee 