Maritime authorities intervened to stop a National Geographic crew from baiting sharks off the coast of Long Beach in the midst of a local panic about great white sharks appearing near the shore , according to a local news report . [ The Orange County Register reported Wednesday that " officials suspect that some media outlets are n’t satisfied with footage of naturally occurring shark sightings . " The Orange County Register elaborated :   Long Beach lifeguard officials say they Long Beach lifeguard officials suspect film crews are throwing fish or bait in the water near shore to attract sharks , also known as " chumming . " " We ’ve gotten some reports from citizens who have seen recreational boats out chumming , " Gonzalo Medina , Marine Safety chief , said . " Some fishing boats too . They "Some fishing boats too trying to get video footage of the sharks . Some film crews are reportedly chumming within 100 yards of the shore . One official told the Register that authorities had stopped a National Geographic film crew : " We had a crew from National Geographic .    …      We We with them , and they them very receptive . Ultimately , they them rubber fish attached to a line that they them pull back in . " The a National Geographic film crew not issued a citation , the the Register . In late April , a woman was attacked and severely injured by a great white shark while swimming at San Onofre State Beach in Orange County . Since then , great white sharks have been spotted near the shore in Orange County and Orange County Beach . San Onofre State Beach is not rare to see juvenile great whites in Southern California waters , it is unusual to see mature sharks , especially near the shore . The news reports have frightened many swimmers and surfers as the summer season begins . Now , it seems , media companies may be chumming the waters to create the very news they hope to report . media companies B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of Joel B. Pollak " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of Joel B. Pollak Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak The Inside Story of a Revolution 
 