TEL AVIV   —    U. S. intelligence officials warned U. S. intelligence officials Israeli counterparts not to trust    Donald Trump with intelligence secrets , citing alleged fears that Russia held blackmail information over Trump , according to a report today in Israel ’s respected Yediot Ahronot daily newspaper . [ The alleged blackmail information that U. S. officials reportedly warned Israel about seems to be in part referencing details contained in a debunked document of mysterious origin purporting to be an intelligence report alleging that Russia collected compromising videos and information on Trump .   In a report today in Israel , investigative journalist Ronen Bergman writes of a meeting that took place " recently between Israeli and American intelligence officials ( the date of the meeting is not mentioned to protect the sources of the a report today in Israel . " Continued Bergman : investigative journalist Ronen Bergman the meeting the meeting to the Israelis who participated in it , their American colleagues the Israelis who participated in it despair over Trump ’s election , as he often lashes out at the American intelligence community . The American officials their American colleagues Israelis that the National Security Agency ( NSA ) had " highly credible information " that Russia ’s intelligence agencies , the FSB and GRU , were responsible for hacking the Democratic Party ( DNC ) servers during the elections and leaking sensitive information to WikiLeaks , which hurt Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . The American officials further added that they believed Russian President Vladimir The American officials had " leverages of pressure " over Trump   —    but did not elaborate . They were apparently referring to The American officials was published Wednesday about embarrassing information collected by the Russian intelligence in a bid Russian blackmail the   . The Americans implied that their Israeli colleagues should " The Americans careful " as of January 20 , Trump ’s inauguration date , when transferring intelligence information to the White House and to the National Security Council ( NSC ) which is subject to the president . According to the Israelis who were present in the meeting , the Americans recommended that until it is made clear that Trump is not inappropriately connected Trump’s Russia and is not being extorted   —    Israel should avoid revealing sensitive sources to administration officials for fear the information would reach the Iranians . BuzzFeed on Tuesday published the    document claiming Russia had collected blackmail information Russia Trump , including videos of Trump’s    in compromising positions . " The allegations are unverified , and the report contains errors , " a BuzzFeed    cautioned . Contacted BuzzFeed Breitbart Jerusalem , Bergman said that according to his sources , the meeting Bergman U. S. and Israeli officials took place before the publication of the dossier on Tuesday and that the dossier was n’t specifically the dossier the Israelis , only the charge that Russian President Vladimir Putin has some sort of unspecified " leverage " over Trump . Bergman said that after the dossier was published , he the dossier sources again and they Bergman him Bergman they themselves were speculating that Bergman " they " claim could have in part referred to the dossier .   Bergman is the the dossier a forthcoming book Bergman the history of the Mossad set to be published later this year by Random House . US intel sources warn Israel against sharing secrets with Trump # WhiteHouse staff . Fear leak to # Russia#Iran https :   .   # Mossad pic . twitter .    —    the Mossad Bergman ( @ronenbergman ) January 12 , 2017 ,   BuzzFeed ’s publication of the document prompted a flurry of news media reports drawing attention to the salacious and unproven details . CNN fanned the flames by reporting that " classified documents " presented to President Obama and Trump included " allegations that Russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information " on Trump , the news network claimed , citing Trump multiple US officials with direct knowledge of the briefings . " The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday reported the author of the dossier was Christopher Steele , who serves as a director at the    Orbis Business Intelligence Ltd. which has refused to comment on the reports of the document ’s origin . In October , Mother Jones reported on the contents of the dossier , writing the information was produced the dossier former Western intelligence officer who was assigned to the task for the purpose of an " opposition research project originally financed by a Republican client critical of the celebrity mogul . " Director of National Intelligence James Clapper released a statement yesterday that he had called Trump that day to tell him Director of National Intelligence James Clapper the intelligence community " has not made Director of National Intelligence James Clapper judgment that the information in this document is reliable . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and Aaron Klein the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook Aaron Klein 
 Aaron Klein 