Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez joined protesters outside the White House , as liberals gathered to protest President Donald Trump ’s decision to fire FBI Director James Comey . [ " Mr . President , history has history eyes on you , and history is not judging you kindly , " Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez shouted as a few dozen protesters chanted and waved signs .   " I ’m Peach " 🍑 pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) May 10 , 2017 ,   Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez cited Trump ’s Attorney General Jeff Sessions on the importance of the rule of law . " We are a nation where , as Jeff Sessions once said , ‘ Nobody is above the law,’ " he shouted . he reminded the crowd that he once served as a career prosecutor in the Justice Department , a department that was " blind " and " independent , " and he believed that nobody was above the law . " I miss President Obama right now , " Perez said , claiming that President Obama understood the importance of the department ’s independence . Perez insisted that Trump ’s actions were " unprecedented and unconscionable " and accused Perez of acting worse than former President Richard Nixon . Improv protest sign pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) May 10 , 2017 ,   " This is absolutely worse than the Saturday night massacre , " Perez yelled , referring to former President Richard Nixon decision to fire the Watergate special prosecutor . In response , the crowd shouted , " Worse ! Worse ! Worse ! " Perez called for members of Congress to oppose confirmation of a new FBI director without first appointing a special prosecutor . " We must continue this effort that the facts come out , I am not afraid of the the facts I can handle the truth , the American people need to have the truth of what happened ! " Perez shouted . Liberal    protest at the White House   —    shouting " Shame ! " pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) May 10 , 2017 , 
 