The New York Daily News cited police sources on Friday to report that a laptop was stolen from a Secret Service agent in Brooklyn on Thursday . The New York Daily News reportedly contains " floor plans for Trump Tower , information about the Hillary Clinton email investigation and other national security information . " [ The NYDN describes authorities as " frantic " and " scrambling like mad " to recover the a laptop Other items stolen from the agent a Secret Service agent in Brooklyn recovered , including a bag emblazoned with the Secret Service logo , which would suggest the thief knows he is holding the thief very important piece of hardware . The agent is a Secret Service agent in Brooklyn have told investigators there is data on the laptop a laptop could compromise national security . "   " The thief also took ‘ the thief and the agent ’s access keycard a Secret Service agent in Brooklyn level of the agent ’s access was n’t immediately a Secret Service agent in Brooklyn the New York Daily News adds . WABC reports the agent ’s car was " parked in the a Secret Service agent in Brooklyn " when the crime occurred . The New York Daily News specifies that the agent is female , the New York Daily News in a Secret Service agent in Brooklyn driveway of her home . " Security camera footage of the agent’s car is described as showing an individual wearing a backpack arriving in a car , possibly an    rented ride , and leaving with the pilfered items on foot   —    a scenario that implies a disturbing level of advanced preparation . However , the Secret Service told Fox News " they do n’t believe the laptop was stolen by a foreign power , and the incident is being Fox News as a ‘ street crime . ’ " WABC ’s news team reports it was told " the laptop is encrypted and information can not be accessed by someone who is WABC’s authorized . " the laptop national news bureau adds a claim that " authorities are able to wipe the hard drive remotely if needed . " Sources told NBC News " the laptop requires a keycode to access , and two unsuccessful attempts to log in will destroy the device the laptop . " NBC also spoke to a senior law enforcement official who said the report by the , NBC also spoke to a senior law enforcement official who said the report by the New York Daily News was NBC entirely accurate , and the laptop does not actually have the sensitive data about Trump Tower , national security , and the Clinton email the laptop its local storage rather , it has the ability to " access such data remotely from Secret Service servers , but only if it was logged its properly . " " The U. S. Secret Service can confirm that an employee was the victim of a criminal act in which our Agency issued laptop computer was stolen . An investigation is ongoing and the Secret Service is withholding additional comment until the facts are gathered , " said a statement from the USSS quoted "The U. S. Secret Service . 
 