NBC is looking to place Ms. Kelly in the morning hours . Ms. Kelly , who announced this month that she was leaving Fox News for NBC , will start at the network in May , and plans are beginning to take shape for her new show , she people briefed on the discussions said Friday . Ms. Kelly is being considered for a time slot at 9 or 10 a. m. for a show that is expected to begin in the fall . If she moves to 10 Ms. Kelly m. the popular fourth hour of " Today , " hosted by Kathie Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotb , will move to 9 a. m. One thing that is known for sure : The current iteration of the third hour of " Today , " hosted by Tamron Hall and Al Roker , will be a thing of the past once Ms. Kelly ’s show begins . Ms. Kelly ’s apparent Ms. Kelly the morning , which Variety reported earlier , removes her from the tricky minefield Ms. Kelly syndicated daytime TV . Other TV news hosts , including Jane Pauley , Meredith Vieira and Katie Couric , have tried their hand at the format Other TV news hosts, including Jane Pauley, Meredith Vieira and Katie Couric failed . That was one of the reasons that NBC initially planned to make Ms. Kelly ’s show a Ms. Kelly show because other anchors could not make it work , the network saw show a straight news show reason to try that strategy again . But in recent weeks , NBC executives have had more of NBC open mind over what direction her show should take : There Ms. Kelly been discussions about whether it should be softer in focus her show what was originally discussed , one person briefed on the plans said . They also have not decided whether NBC executives Kelly ’s show will be branded as part of the " Today " show . If Ms. Kelly locked up the 9 Ms. Kelly hour , it would also set up an intriguing Ms. Kelly locked up the 9 a. m. hour royal that would pit her against another longtime morning host , Ms. Kelly ’s Kelly Ripa . The 9 a. m. hour for " the 9 a. m. hour a tricky proposition for NBC : Facing formidable competition against Ms. Ripa ’s " Live With Kelly , " the network Kelly Ripa Ms. Kelly number of solutions , including bringing in Billy Bush last year . Shortly after Mr. Bush was brought in to host , he was let go Billy Bush infamous " Access Hollywood " recording of Billy Bush and Donald J. Trump was released in October . Mr. Roker will Billy Bush to work on the early parts of " Today . " And Ms. Hall , who is in contract negotiations with the network , will continue to host her MSNBC show and is also expected to make appearances on " Today Mr. Roker " There are no concrete plans yet for the Sunday night newsmagazine show that NBC plans to have Ms. Kelly host , the people said . Fox News has not missed a beat since Ms. Kelly left her 9 p. m. time slot . Tucker Carlson , who replaced Ms. Ms. Kelly this month , has seen big ratings gains in the busy Ms. Kelly since his debut . 
 