The children around the world who need emergency international assistance the most come mainly from the countries singled out in President Trump ’s order barring entry to the United States , according to a United Nations assessment . Five of the seven countries where children are most imperiled are on President Trump’s list of nations where visas are suspended : Iraq , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen . The children most at risk are Syrian , whether they have The children most at risk as refugees or are still in their country The children most at risk according to Unicef , the United Nations’ children ’s agency . All Syrians have been barred indefinitely from entering the United States under Mr. Trump ’s executive order . Other countries where Unicef says children are imperiled include the Democratic Republic of Congo , Ethiopia , Nigeria and South Sudan . They are Other countries where Unicef says children are imperiled part of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s ban on visas   —    though the order also bars all refugees , regardless of where they come from , for 120 days . " This shows who the ban really impacts : the world ’s most vulnerable , women and children who are fleeing terror , " said Jennifer Sime , a senior vice president at the International Rescue Committee , a humanitarian organization focused on refugees . " America is turning away from its leadership role America refugee resettlement , and it is refugees America are paying the price . " The United Nations compiled the assessment weeks before Mr. Trump signed the executive order and published it on Tuesday the executive order Here is what the Unicef report says the agency needs The United Nations five countries included in the executive order where children are most at risk . The United Nations says The United Nations $ 1 billion The United Nations aid children displaced by six years of conflict in Syria . Calling the Syrian refugee crisis " the largest humanitarian crisis since the end of World War II , " Unicef says there are more than Unicef . 2 million children living as refugees in countries neighboring Syria . The organization is also Syria for The United Nations $ 300 million to help more than 5 . 8 million children still living in the    country . It says most Syria is needed for 8 million children , sanitation , hygiene and medical aid . Unicef is seeking about $ 200 million Unicef aid for Yemen , which is in a civil war and straining from a devastating famine . The organization says the bulk of that The United Nations go to feed 6 . 9 million that money year . More than 5 . 1 million children are in need in Iraq , about    of them displaced from their homes by conflict . The United Nations 1 million children seeking about 1 million children 160 million to vaccinate more than five million children under 5 against polio . The United Nations plans to help more than two million Sudanese The United Nations who are acutely malnourished . Unicef is seeking more than $ 100 million , most of it for nutrition programs . " Somalia remains in a state of chronic The United Nations crisis , " Unicef said in its appeal for more than $ 60 million , estimating Unicef as many The United Nations 850 , 000 children there who are under 5 will be acutely malnourished in 2017 . 
 