Two leading advocates for reforming illegal and legal immigration enforcement were appointed by President Donald Trump to serve as senior advisors for the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) . [ Jon Feere , the former legal analyst for the Center for Immigration Studies , and Julie Kirchner , the previous executive director for the Federation of American Immigration Reform ( FAIR ) have both been appointed to senior positions .   Feere , who work with the Trump campaign and transition team on immigration policy , will serve as the senior adviser to the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) agency Director Thomas Homan . Kirchner , a campaign alum as well , will serve as the senior adviser to Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) Commissioner Kevin McAleenan . Center for Immigration Studies Executive Director Mark Krikorian told Breitbart Texas that the Trump Administration appointed a person who " knows the ins and outs " of immigration when the ins and outs chose Feere to serve . " ICE needs somebody like Jon because Jon ’s worked on immigration policy for many years , " Immigration Studies Executive Director Mark Krikorian said . " After eight years of Obama , there were civil servants and people at ICE who were n’t as quite up to date on immigration enforcement . " FAIR spokesperson Ira Mehlman told Breitbart Texas that Kirchner ’s appointment is welcome news . " They ’re both people with long experience and deep knowledge and They ’re highly qualified for They positions , " FAIR spokesperson Ira Mehlman said . Both the Center for Immigration Studies and FAIR have long been advocates for increased border security , a wall , reforming foreign guest worker visas and lower levels of legal immigration to help American wages to rise . The appointments have come with the usual media backlash that the Trump Administration has grown accustomed to . CNN , for instance , has written that Feere and Kirchner ’s appointments have " alarmed " the open borders lobby . Feere and Kirchner propped up opposition to the appointments through the    Southern Poverty Law Center , with Director Heidi Beirich claiming that that the Center for Immigration Studies and FAIR publish " racist " and " xenophobic " reports . Krikorian , though , said the the open borders lobby only outraged because they know how effective Krikorian nominees could be . " This is n’t a complaint about qualification , " Krikorian told Breitbart Texas Krikorian " Jon and these others know what they ’re doing and these others ’s what the    groups are afraid of . " John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow Breitbart Texas Twitter at @JxhnBinder John Binder 
 