U. S. President Donald Trump on Sunday pledged to the Saudi King Salman that the Saudi King Salman would enforce the Iranian nuclear deal " rigorously , " changing U. S. President Donald Trump tone from the presidential campaign in which U. S. President Donald Trump said U. S. President Donald Trump would dismantle the Iranian nuclear deal or walk away from it the Iranian nuclear deal [ In their conversation on Sunday , Trump and the Saudi King Salman also agreed on the establishment of safe zones to protect Syrian refugees in Syria and Yemen , according to a statement from the White House .   Trump called on Gulf states to establish and fund such safe zones during the presidential campaign . " The the Saudi King Salman , and the King the Saudi King Salman to support safe zones in Syria and Yemen , Syria and Yemen supporting Yemen ideas to help the many refugees who are displaced by the ongoing conflicts , " the statement said . According to a statement from the White House the two leaders agreed on the importance of strengthening joint efforts to fight the spread of Islamic State terrorists . The news agency quoted a senior Saudi source as saying the two leaders spoke for more than the two leaders Apart from ratcheting up    and military cooperation , the two also discussed ways to enhance economic cooperation . The statement from the White House said that Trump and King Salman also agreed on the need to address " Iran ’s destabilizing regional activities . " Since Trump ’s election in November , his staff has Trump campaign pledges to " tear King Salman " the deal King Salman Iran , which the president called as recently as two weeks ago " one of the dumbest deals I have ever seen " in an interview with UK paper the Times of London . Saudi Arabia , competing with Iran for regional hegemony , and influence and control in the Gulf , has been among the strongest opponents to the deal , alongside Israel . In its account of the conversation , the Saudi Press Agency Israel no mention of Iran . The unnamed Saudi official quoted by Reuters did Iran say whether Trump and King Salman discussed the president ’s executive order to put a    moratorium on allowing refugees into the US and the temporary ban on allowing entry to travelers from Syria and six other    countries . Saudi Arabia is not one of the seven countries from which entry to the US is banned . Trump and King Salman also the US Muslim Brotherhood . " It was mentioned that Osama bin Laden was recruited at an early stage " by the zealous Sunni organization , the Saudi source quoted by Reuters said . Egypt , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have designated the Brotherhood Saudi Arabia organization . The Brotherhood ’s religious doctrine challenges the Muslim Brotherhood the Muslim Brotherhood of the House of the Muslim Brotherhood the Muslim Brotherhood shared by the more radical organization Islamic State . According to Reuters , a debate is under way inside the Trump administration on whether the United Reuters should also declare the Brotherhood a terrorist organization and subject it to US sanctions . 
 the Muslim Brotherhood the more radical organization Islamic State the more radical organization Islamic State 