On the first day of confirmation hearings for Federal Appeals Court Judge Neil Gorsuch to be named as a Supreme Court Justice , Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) reminded the Democrats , who one after another criticized the nominee , that during the nominee confirmation hearing a decade ago for the federal seat the nominee holds now , not one Democrat   —    including Sens . Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama   —    voted against Gorsuch . [ " A decade ago , Gorsuch Gorsuch confirmed by this committee for the Federal Court of Appeals by a voice vote , " Cruz said . " He Gorsuch likewise confirmed by the entire United States Senate by a voice vote without a single Democrat speaking a word of opposition .   " Not a word of opposition from Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , " Cruz Cruz . " Not from Harry Reid , or Ted Kennedy , or John Kerry . " " Not from Senators Feinstein , Leahey , or Durbin , who still sit on this committee , " Cruz Cruz . " Not even from Senators Barack Obama , Hillary Clinton , or Joe Biden . " " Not a one of them Not even from Senators Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, or Joe Biden a word against Judge Gorsuch ’s nomination a decade ago , " Cruz Cruz . Cruz Cruz that not only did President Donald Trump play an unprecedented role in the selection of a justice to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia by telling the American people of the 21 people   —    including Gorsuch   —    who would be under consideration if he President Donald Trump elected president , but the voters weighed in . Thus , Gorsuch was " no ordinary nominee , " Cruz said . " His President Donald Trump carries with it His nomination super legitimacy that is also unprecedented in our nation ’s history , " Cruz Cruz . " The American people played a very direct role in helping choose this nominee . " Cruz Cruz noted that since Democrats voted for Gorsuch Gorsuch federal judgeship 10 years ago , his Gorsuch’s federal judgeship record since then should make confirming him Gorsuch’s federal judgeship easier . Notwithstanding its Cruz political leanings , the American Bar Association ( ABA ) earlier this month gave Gorsuch Gorsuch " well qualified " rating to serve as a justice on the U. S. Supreme Court . The the American Bar Association (ABA) three ratings for judicial nominees : not qualified , qualified , and well qualified . The ABA the American Bar Association (ABA) committee on the federal judiciary was unanimous in granting Gorsuch Gorsuch Gorsuch rating . 
 