As women all over the world celebrated Women ’s History Month this March , little attention focused on the number of women who form the backbone of President Trump ’s National Security Council . [ His two deputy national security advisers   —    K. T. McFarland ( pictured above ) and Dina Powell , and the person in charge of writing the national security strategy   —    Nadia Schadlow   —    are women .   It ’s likely the first time that women have held those positions simultaneously   —    no insignificant fact in a field that ’s still   . Together , McFarland , Powell and Schadlow bring different strengths to the table . McFarland is an experienced national security hand , starting at the NSC in 1970 , as an     college freshman . " At that time , there were maybe two women who were research assistants , but to be a professional expert on the national security council as a woman , in that era , at the very beginning of the baby boom , that just was n’t going to be an option for women , " McFarland said . " It was n’t that we were discriminated against , It just was n’t thought of . " It was a momentous time   —    Richard Nixon was president , Henry Kissinger was national security adviser . The issues were the Vietnam War , Paris Peace Accords , opening to China , arms control with the Soviet Union , Middle East shuttle diplomacy . McFarland started at the NSC as the nightshift secretary and left in 1976 as a research assistant . McFarland later returned to government when Ronald Reagan became president , and was one of the highest ranking women at the Defense Department . McFarland experience served McFarland well for McFarland first challenge on the job : Building the NSC the NSC scratch , particularly since McFarland    Retired Army Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , had never worked in the White House before . McFarland said she McFarland the call from Trump on Thanksgiving night . Her McFarland call was to her McFarland , Kissinger . She McFarland brought him her mentor, Kissinger subsequent cabinet officials in to discuss their him and subsequent cabinet officials . " Since President Trump not come into office having a long experience in foreign policy and national security , had never been in government before , had never been in office before , I thought it made a lot of sense for us to start at the beginning and look    …      at former national security advisers , " she said . In the meantime , they were talking to Trump every Trump   —    he was Trump meeting and taking calls from foreign leaders . " It was a heady time , it was It exhausting time , " McFarland recalls . On January 20 , she came McFarland her new McFarland . Her new McFarland was about 20 feet from where her first McFarland was , 47 years ago . She placed McFarland call to Kissinger , so the dispatcher could say , " Henry Kissinger , the White House is calling . " " He was Henry Kissinger, the White House moved and so touched , " she said McFarland McFarland said the first thing Trump asked her to McFarland is look at North Korea . She convened McFarland deputies at the Departments of State , Defense , and Treasury , the Joint Chiefs , and from the intelligence community , and instructed them to the deputies at the Departments of State, Defense, and Treasury, the Joint Chiefs back in a few weeks with some ideas , and to " think outside the box . " " Do n’t just think about a little bit of sanctions , a little bit of diplomacy . Open it wide the box and think of any creative ideas you can and come back to us . And so they did the deputies at the Departments of State, Defense, and Treasury, the Joint Chiefs And what I was very impressed with was they had the deputies at the Departments of State, Defense, and Treasury, the Joint Chiefs outside the box the box lot of things , and so we were able us craft some really good options for the president on how to deal with North Korea ’s nuclear weapons program and that ’s the process he ’s in the president , " she said . " We ’ll do us for other issues as well   —    China , Russia , Venezuela , we ’re going us look at the whole range of these issues for the president , the president added . McFarland she terrorism " the challenge of our day . us She said while there McFarland kamikaze attacks during World War II , today ’s terrorists are targeting civilians , not military targets , and are " happy to die as long as they can bring others today’s terrorists them . " " today’s terrorists you look at the history of warfare , people always wanted to survive , " she said . " McFarland is a threat we ’ve never seen before . " Fellow Deputy National Security Adviser Powell brings to the table 10 years of working on Wall Street and a " get it done " mindset . She first came into Fellow Deputy National Security Adviser Powell Trump administration as an assistant to the president and senior counselor for economic initiatives . But it also made sense for Powell , an    Fellow Deputy National Security Adviser Powell was born in Cairo , migrated to Texas when she was four , Fellow Deputy National Security Adviser Powell worked in the former George W. Bush administration and Congress on defense issues , to expand her role to the Fellow Deputy National Security Adviser Powell policy realm . Powell , who wants to stay out of the spotlight , is working closely with McFarland and Schadlow to help build out the national security strategy . She particularly believes in Fellow Deputy National Security Adviser Powell economic empowerment of women , particularly in the Middle East . Coming from one    career field to another , she believes that talent Fellow Deputy National Security Adviser Powell carry one through   —    whether it ’s from a male or female . Still , she recognizes that it Fellow Deputy National Security Adviser Powell be hard for women to be confident in areas where there might not be a lot of other women , and that sometimes there have to be role models to pave the way . Hers were former National Security Adviser and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , and former Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison ( ) . Schadlow , in addition to experience in government as a presidential management fellow , brings to the table experience in thinking deeply about    national security planning . Her first assignment in government was at the Department of the Army , where she was first exposed Her the military . She later became the Her ’s first desk officer for Ukraine after the fall of the Soviet Union , a job that is the equivalent of country director today . Wanting more career mobility , she left the government Her the government , where she researched emerging national Her threats   —    which she said was great Her for her current role . Her role models include Her Strmecki , senior vice president at the    Foundation , but the   Foundation , who Her from Italy to give her three daughters more Her , and encouraged them to be independent . Supporting McFarland three daughters Powell and Schadlow is another echelon of accomplished women , such as Victoria Coates , senior director for strategic assessments at the NSC .   Coates ( pictured right ) is a protégé of Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Gov. Rick Perry ( ) and former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld . She last served as Cruz ’s senior Coates (pictured right) is a protégé of Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Gov. Rick Perry ( ) and former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld security adviser . She has a Ph . D. in Coates (pictured right) is a protégé of Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Gov. Rick Perry ( ) and former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld history , and recently published a book on the history of democracy . Her role models were her mother , Coates (pictured right) is a protégé of Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Gov. Rick Perry ( ) and former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is a chief Coates (pictured right) is a protégé of Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Gov. Rick Perry ( ) and former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld officer at a large firm , and Rumsfeld . She also credits McFarland with being a Coates (pictured right) is a protégé of Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Gov. Rick Perry ( ) and former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld friend and mentor . A typical day for them involves lots and lots of meetings being a great friend and mentor McFarland said a typical day involves getting McFarland at 5 a. m. getting into office by 7 a. m. and receiving an intelligence briefing of major developments . Some days , she has an additional briefing on specific McFarland . Around 10 a. m. she usually goes in to see the McFarland with her    Army Lt . Gen. H. McFarland McMaster , the CIA Director and other national security officials for the president ’s daily briefing . " the president rest of the day , I ’m chairing meetings , I ’m meeting with people on the NSC staff ’m the intelligence community , members of the White House staff , and then my day usually goes until seven or eight or nine o’clock at night , " she said . On one recent day , there were meetings ranging from Montenegro , Kurdish independence , to North Korea . The job is not particularly family friendly . The main obstacle ? Classification issues . Much of the work can only be done in a secure environment inside the White House . That means mom has the White House work in Washington , D. C. McFarland ’s five children are grown , but Powell , Schadlow and Coates all have young children who live at home outside of D. C. " You ’re still not ever going to have it all   —    it ’s impossible , " said Schadlow , who has three children . " I wished many times that I was a little more engaged with what my kids were learning in school , and I had the time to do a deep dive and just be part of that intellectual life that they ’re experiencing , and in some ways I ca my kids do it     especially now , " she said . She said while there are more services for working mothers she days , it ’s still a challenge . " Of course there it tradeoffs . My house is always a wreck , " she laughs the White House It ’s real . It ’s a she balance . " the White House , who has the White House     daughter and     son , says it makes the time spent together more special . " I went to spring training with my son . We had 36 hours together   …      but they were 36 really good hours , " she said . Schadlow said as difficult Schadlow it is to she away from family , it can also be Schadlow luxury just to focus on work . " When you ’re at home as a working mom , you ’re constantly multitasking all day long , managing everyone ’s schedules . A lot defaults to the mom , I think , still , " she said a working mom And here   —    no cell she in your office , no way to communicate really     in the office . It ’s really all about your work . " your office ’m so happy to have the opportunity . It ’s a luxury to jump in and focus on one thing for It , and knowing that everyone at home has sort of agreed to just take care the   " she said . At the the NSC the women say they ’ve she no difference in treatment due to their gender . McFarland calls the women McFarland " Trump guy . " " President the women is an Trump guy in the sense of , I ’m in a room , and as I said , I ’m in the president ’s daily briefing in the morning , and sometimes there ’s only one woman in the room , and sometimes the vice president ’s national security adviser   —    also a room , Col . Andrea Thompson , is there , and the president will look at us and expect us to answer the president questions just as readily as anybody else , " she said . " us fact sometimes when the really tough questions come , I look around at sometimes the vice president male colleagues who are afraid to say something , and I ’m the first one to jump in and say , ‘ Well you could think of it this way , Mr. President.’ And often the only other person who jumps right in with me is the other woman , " she said . Her advice to women in any career field ? " Do n’t settle . Do the other woman settle for the other woman best . And do n’t quit , and do n’t give up . " 
 