The liberal media is claiming President Donald ’s Trump frustration with an adversarial press is a threat to democracy and an adversarial press ’s vital role in preserving it . [ But former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich said Trump should put his former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich into action , citing recent remarks by President Donald’s that he might former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich the daily briefings at the White House .   " What they ought to do is get out of all this junk , they ought they focus on the big goals , they ought they report to the nation on the big the big goals all these reporters , close down the press room , send the reporters off [ to Starbucks ] , " Gingrich said on Fox News ’s Hannity . " Maybe say to the American people   —    send in your questions , we ’ll take the best five questions and we ’ll answer them we name , the American people   Gingrich said , calling Gingrich press " dishonest opponents " of the president . Trump suggested he might cancel future Trump briefing in the name of accuracy after members of his communications team did Trump have all of the details of his decision to fire Trump FBI director James Comey ahead of the president ’s own the president an interview with Lester Holt on NBC ’s Nightly News . As a very active President with lots of things happening , it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy !   …     .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 12 , 2017 ,   Trump repeated the idea later in Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) interview with Fox News . " We do n’t have press conferences , we just do n’t have them We unless I have them press conferences two weeks and I press conferences them myself , " Trump said press conferences The White House Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) Association ( WHCA ) pushed back following Trump ’s remarks : " White Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) and press conferences provide substantive and symbolic opportunities for journalists to pose questions to officials at the highest levels of the U. S. government , " the statement from WHCA President Jeff Mason said . " Doing away with briefings would reduce accountability , transparency , and the opportunity for Americans to see that , in the U. S. system , no political figure is above being questioned . " " The White House Correspondents’ Association would object to any move that would threaten those    principles , " said Mason , who also works as a reporter with Reuters . 
 