Nikki Haley , U. S. ambassador to the United Nations , has penned a blistering    targeting the controversial U. N. Human Rights Council . Nikki Haley, U. S. ambassador to the United Nations uses Nikki Haley, U. S. ambassador to the United Nations toughest language yet and slams the body as a " haven for dictators " ahead of a visit to the body headquarters in Switzerland next week . [ " When the world ’s preeminent human rights body is turned into a haven for dictators , the idea of international cooperation in support of human dignity is discredited , " Nikki Haley, U. S. ambassador to the United Nations says in an    for the Washington Post , published Friday .   Haley is due to address the Council in Geneva on June 6 —   the    address to the Council in Geneva by a U. S. Permanent Representative —   before Nikki Haley, U. S. ambassador to the United Nations then travels to Israel , where Nikki Haley, U. S. ambassador to the United Nations will meet with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and visit a number of Israeli historical sites . The visit to Switzerland is likely to be a tense one . The Trump administration has reportedly contemplated an exit from the the Council in Geneva its    The Trump administration and its questionable The Trump administration , which includes countries such as Cuba , Venezuela , and Saudi Arabia . A Senate subcommittee met last month to assess if the U. S. should remain a member of the body .   The U. the U. S. Council ’s opening session in March over the    agenda before it , and Haley The U. S. boycotted has called the Council " so the Council’s and filled with " bad actors , " using it to protect their The U. S. boycotted behavior .   "bad actors her piece for the Post Haley herself titled " The U. N. Human Rights Council whitewashes brutality , " Haley notes that the Council Haley herself done good the Council’s places such as North Korea but says that it also allows countries on the the Council’s , such as Venezuela the Council’s , to have their abuses ignored :   Venezuela is Venezuela and Cuba member of the council Venezuela the systematic destruction of the Council’s by the government of Nicolás Maduro through arbitrary detention , torture and blatant violations of freedom of the press and expression . Mothers are forced to dig through trash cans to feed their children . This is a crisis that Mothers been 18 years in the making . And yet , not once has the Human Rights Council seen fit to condemn the Council’s the U. N. to " reclaim the legitimacy of this organization , " Haley says she will outline the needed changes when she visits the Council Haley Those changes include competitive voting for Haley on the Council’s —   the needed changes " the worst human rights abusers the Council’s seats " and end the practice of singling out Israel for criticism . " When the council passes more than 70 resolutions against Israel , a country with the Council’s human rights record , and just seven resolutions Israel Iran , a country with an abysmal human rights record , you know something is seriously wrong , " she says . Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York . Follow Adam on Twitter : @AdamShawNY . 
 Adam Shaw 