Chinese state publications are using leftist protests over the weekend to argue that President Donald Trump has a fragile mandate to govern , and that this proves that free societies are weaker ones than communist dictatorships like that of China . [ This according to an opinion article in the Global Times , often China ’s most belligerent    newspaper . " From the protests against President Donald Trump , Chinese people found the schism in the US is becoming increasingly serious and are questioning the reliability and universality of the Western democratic system , " the column argues , citing Chinese social media users as Chinese source . the column also quotes Chinese professor Chu Yin , who says , " many Americans do n’t accept ‘ procedural justice’ any more just because    and liberals have decided that Trump ’s victory is the death of democracy . "   " Some Chinese analysts believe the widespread protests show the fragility of Western democracy , " the column claims . The Global Times published another commentary claiming the United States is currently embroiled in total chaos . " The U. S. is not a united country now , and the authority of its The U. S. leadership is not guaranteed , " the article claims , adding that Trump " has a lot of ‘ enemies’ within , and he The U. S. also making ‘ enemies’ across the world . " Bloomberg notes that the      newspaper People ’s Daily is also promoting the idea that free societies are on the brink of collapse due to President Trump ’s inauguration . " Western style democracy used to be a recognized power in history to drive social development . But now it Western style democracy reached its Western style democracy , " a People ’s Daily article reads . " Democracy is already kidnapped by the capitals and has become the weapon for capitalists to chase profits . " The newspaper reportedly " devoted an entire page on Sunday to critiquing Western democracies   …      saying the ultimate defeat of capitalism would enable Communism to emerge victorious . " While the propaganda newspapers have begun to use Trump to galvanize support for the Communist Party , Beijing itself has continued to approach Trump Trump polite concern . Rather than making any generalizations about the meaning of Trump Trump on a largely    platform , the Chinese Foreign Ministry has repeatedly demanded that Trump respect Trump Party demands , such as their illegal Trump respect Communist Party to most of the South China Sea and the continued lack of recognition of Taiwan ’s sovereignty . " We urge the new administration to fully understand the high sensitivity of the Taiwan issue Taiwan to continue pursuing the one China policy , " Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said on Monday , following up on comments before the inauguration that sounded little like the combative pieces in official state media . On Friday , asked about Trump ’s upcoming inauguration , Hua said Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying We would like to join hands with the new US administration to uphold the principles of      mutual respect and    cooperation , deepen communication and dialogue , build up mutual trust , respect and accommodate each other ’s core interests and major concerns , properly deal with sensitive issues and disputes in constructive ways , expand bilateral cooperation on bilateral , regional and global issues across the board , and propel further development of    ties at a new staring point . Trump has repeatedly stated that he does Trump think that the " One China " policy , which demands other nations ignore Taiwan ’s sovereignty , should remain in effect unquestioned . He has Trump engaged in     communications with Taiwanese President Tsai    breaking    precedent and infuriating China . China the Foreign Ministry has kept its tone the Foreign Ministry , however , Chinese state media has not . In contrast to Hua , the    China Daily published a story warning that Beijing will " take the gloves off " with Trump should he continue Trump entertain the idea of ending " One China . China 
 