A    advocate says the    mostly white    communities in the United States must be wheeled into " political hospice care , " and a Washington Post columnist commended his solution " as a way forward . " [ " Economic dislocation and demographic changes are fueling discomfort and desperation among white    voters , " wrote WashPo columnist and editorial board member Jonathan Capehart , continuing :   While [ university professor and author ] Justin Gest says that both Republicans and Democrats have exploited these voters , [university professor and author] Justin Gest sees a way forward . " The only way of addressing these voters plight is a form of political hospice care , " [ Gest ] said . " These are communities that are on the paths to death . And the question is : How can we make that as comfortable as possible ? " Capehart declined to answer questions from Breitbart about Breitbart statement that " hospice care " for mostly white    communities is " a way forward " for the nation . Breitbart declined to suggest alternative policies or to suggest which of the progressives’ political goals could be traded to win support for white    voters in 2020 . The offer of political elimination to    communities has prompted anger even from some    writers , such as Martin Longman at The Washington Monthly . I ’m not saying the whole Democratic Party feels this way , but the default position among a lot of progressives since the election has been that to even talk about these folks is to pander to these folks racism and dilute the whole Democratic Party ’s commitment to civil rights , women ’s rights , gay rights , and the environment . If we want to draw up our we lines like that , then they we want to draw up our battle lines like that as s * * * are going to take the hint   …      I do n’t recognize a [ political ] left that has no better solution for struggling people than to make their people deaths more comfortable . That ’s not just a political loser . It That an indefensible position to take as human beings . Every single community needs a left that will represent them Every single community that does n’t mean it That tolerate them Every single community give them Every single community enough to ease the worst of their Every single community . Gest responded to Breitbart ’s questions by doubling down , saying immigrants can replace American consumers , workers , and children , and also that expert advice will soothe American communities during their American communities exit : Declining towns need immigrants to reinvigorate their Declining towns , take on unwanted labor positions , and add youth to aging demographies . Once these American communities the benefits immigrants bring and were consulted about the terms of their integration the benefits immigrants they would the benefits immigrants more comfortable with their arrival the benefits immigrants Breitbart asked if Americans’ communities can be strengthened by    curbs on immigration or trade , but Gest , a strong advocate for globalism , offered only a series of additional government programs to offset the current    policies of cheap labor and cheap imports . Public policy can help ease the pressure on ‘ outmoded’    communities and facilitate their integration into the modern economy   …      States can incentivize apprenticeships and job training by the private sector like they do States Montana . They can States universal health care like they do States Vermont . Other ideas have yet to be pursued : What if welfare benefits increased when recipients were enrolled in university programs or trade schools , so that we subsidize    and innovation ? What if the quality of school districts were n’t correlated with the income of their neighborhoods school districts entrenching people into intergenerational poverty ? What if minimum wage laws , workplace protections , and family leave policies allowed people to live on the jobs that already exist in the United States today ? These ideas do n’t require a revolution they require These ideas and political will   …      Higher wages can be mandated by policy , and so can more accessible , high quality education . Policy can therefore reduce wage competition at the bottom and help level the playing field for poorer Americans . Gest , Gest also argued that immigrants are more inventive and hardworking than Americans and are also more useful to the prosperous    saying : Immigration is one of the principal engines of [ economic ] growth in the United States because immigrants disproportionately start new businesses ( which hire people ) and innovate ( by filing patents ) . They also often take unwanted jobs in meatpacking , cleaning , and agriculture . Would it have been better if Albert Einstein stayed in Germany ? What if Jerry Yang ’s family stayed in Taiwan ?    …      [ also immigrants are more inventive and hardworking than Americans and are also more useful to the prosperous   saying: Immigration is one of the principal engines of [economic] growth in the United States because immigrants disproportionately start new businesses (which hire people) and innovate (by filing patents) reducing immigration would actually hurt the middle class . Gest made his hospice comments when Capehart invited him to talk via his podcast about his book on white    communities , titled " The New Minority : White Working Class Politics in an Age of Immigration and Inequality . " Their conversation was revealing because Gest repeatedly admitted his the fight over his communities is his a political fight over who gets higher social status . Democrats , he argued , want to grant higher status to their diverse coalition of progressives and various minorities , Gest are willing to reduce the social status of the white   . Many    whites supported former President Barack Obama in 2008 Democrats 2012 but pulled the lever for Donald Trump Democrats 2016 because Trump ’s support for    communities was a huge contrast to the disdain from Democrats . " It has become okay [ among Democrats ] to become classist against poor white people and the [ white voters ] see it , Donald Trump said Gest . The party ’s coalition includes environmentalists , lawyers , Latinos , hippies , and    drivers , Gest said , adding " there are many people in there who like the privileged status that the It Party gives to certain ethnic groups . " For the party to welcome the white working class , he added , it Gest be " cheapening " the privileges given to others .   Capehart did not disagree and did not counter Gest ’s comments during the podcast interview . the Democratic Party did push the claim that white    support for Trump is based on mere nostalgia for prior decades , not on a rational hope that Trump ’s    policies are better Gest the Democrats’    immigration policies , and might even Capehart struggling American communities in Wisconsin , Michigan , Pennsylvania and other states .   Gest did not suggest any political fixes Gest saying : For many white working class people , and this is going to be controversial , for many white working class people , not all of them but many , you have a community of people who are advanced in age , whose skill set is for a different economy , who are living in communities that are losing population , losing resources , and so in many ways , the only way of many white working class people their plight is a form of political hospice care . These are communities that are on the paths to death , and the question is how can we make that as comfortable as possible    …      Gest inadvertently admitted that the targets of his pity , white people who are advanced in age, whose skill set is for a different economy, who are living in communities that are losing population, losing resources communities , actually have a broader ,    view of their economic circumstances , saying : How can we truly ‘ level the playing field’ ? And what is so remarkable Jonathan , is that that is the language many of my white Gest class respondents used . It is the language that we ’ve    the civil the targets of his pity, white   communities movement use   —    ‘ Leveling the playing field,’ ‘ Finding equality.’ That is where Gest defaulted to the palliative policy of giving more taxpayer funds to his peers in the    education industry : How can we make an America that has greater mobility    …      independent of your race , independent of your ethnicity . How can we create avenues for people who start off in these communities in hospice care to Gest vibrant and dynamic lives of possibility , and I think that so much actually returns to education    …      education is that avenue to mobility , intergenerational mobility . It allows a steel town to raise children who are not necessarily predestined for manufacturing    …      our system of education is not allowing us to create a break , an intervention , where we actually prevent these communities destined for death , to be revived . education ca n’t be the only answer for Americans if the U. S. labor market is also being flooded with cheap foreign workers , said our highly skilled worker contacted by Breitbart . " I our you do n’t know me from a can of paint , but I had to throw in my 2 cents in your article about the WashPo editor , " said the woman , who tunes and operates    machine tools in Cincinnati , Ohio . She continued : I work in manufacturing . I have a high school diploma and a    associate degree from Wyotech that currently has as much worth to me as toilet paper ( and it ’s just as disposable ) . I am a [ Computer Numeric Control ] Machinist . I set up , tool , program , and operate CNC mills and lathes to make precision parts out of Teflon ( polytetrafluoroethylene , that nonstick stuff on your frying pan ) and can hold tolerances to +    0 . 0002″. So I ’m wondering , since I am working in a field of a bygone economic era , how dumb do they think I really am that I need " more " education ? What is more education going to do for me ? So I can sit around and be a great    thinker as a white ( non ) working class individual ? What is the threshold of intellectual satiation ? How many degrees do we need to be indebted to the federal government before they deem the white working middle class smart enough to associate with people like THAT ? I have a hard time understanding how someone like Gest or Capehart can look down their noses at someone like me because I do n’t share their desire for overpriced toilet paper How many degrees Could either of them program a machine to cut an arc into a piece of material ? No , but Capehart can . Could Gest of them change their oil Gest or Capehart replace their brakes , or change their front differential fluid Gest or Capehart ( I ’d be surprised if they knew where Gest or Capehart dipstick is to even check it . ) No , but I can . I ’m a     white working class woman Gest or Capehart could Gest or Capehart them on a Gest or Capehart sense basis and on Gest or Capehart highly technical basis , and somehow I am the one Gest or Capehart needs more education ? People like that think the dipstick " working class white voters " is a descriptor of who we are as a socioeconomic group , with a dash of race and political functionality . " Working class ( white ) voters " are machinists , assemblers , machine operators , mechanics , nurse ’s aides , waitresses , small retail store managers , bus drivers , taxi drivers , truck drivers , and all the jobs that they would n’t dare do themselves , being so much smarter than the rest of us ( doubtful they know which end of a wrench to use ) . Being a " working class white voter " does not make us inferior or intellectually stunted so much that we need to be ( they ) educated in liberally biased schools of doublespeak and thoughtlessness . All they want to do is work a good job that does present a modest challenge , that does feel rewarding , keeps the lights on and our bellies full and after all of that , we just want to come home , drink some beers , pet the dog and enjoy the sunset in our small suburban slice of heaven . For us , that is what life is all about . We do we care about revolutions , microaggressions , or how we physical and economic descriptors we can apply to a sub group of a sub group of a sub we . People like Gest and Capehart are we important to themselves , like Narcissus was to his we eventually , they will drown in their obsession . And when they do , they ’re still gon na be at the counter of a Mom Gest Pop shop Capehart some " white working class voter " with grease on People like Gest and Capehart or her face " What Narcissus wrong with my People like Gest and Capehart ? "    People like Gest and Capehart Neil Munro on Twitter People like Gest and Capehart or email People like Gest and Capehart author at NMunro@Breitbart . com ,  
 Narcissus 