In an effort to combat " fake news , " Google has launched a new feature on their search engine titled " Fact Check " which adds a label to certain links indicating whether their have been confirmed by partisan    Snopes and Politifact . [ Mashable reports that this new    feature was already implemented in some countries in October of 2016 but will now be rolled out globally in multiple languages . Now when you search for a news item , you should see results with a tag that states which claim is being    which organization did the    and a summary of the story ’s credibility with a " true " or " false " rating .   this new   feature will also be implemented on Google News , where news articles will be deemed true or false by Snopes and Politifact . Google has also stated that due to the nature of the system , some search results may return conflicting ratings depending on which organization    the story . Google Google listed a number of rules for publishers to follow if they publishers to be included in the program . Google Google also only include publishers who are   " algorithmically determined to be an authoritative source of information " . Google Google stated in their Google post , " As we Google fact checks more visible in Search results , we Google people will have an easier time reviewing and assessing these    and making their people informed opinions . " Breitbart has detailed why partisan websites such as Snopes and Politifact are unqualified to judge what constitutes " fake news . " However , many large tech companies such as Google and Facebook are turning to the partisan organizations to determine what should be considered fake news despite the organization ’s extremely poor track record of accuracy and basic moral decency . In July of 2016 Politifact attempted to    the grieving mother of a Benghazi victim who spoke at the RNC . When President Trump stated that Hillary Clinton wanted " open borders , " PolitiFact Politifact his President Trump " mostly false , " despite the fact that Clinton Hillary Clinton as much in a private , paid speech to a Brazilian bank on May 16 , 2013 . " My dream is a hemispheric common market , with open trade and open borders , " she said Hillary Clinton the time . Snopes    David Emery let his obvious David Emery be known in December of 2016 when he asked David Emery there were " any    Trump supporters " and tweeted , " Incredibly , some people actually think they have some people put words in Trump ’s   Trump make him look bad   Trump " Google and Facebook have now appointed these organizations to act as the arbiters of truth in the digital age with little oversight from any governing body whatsoever . Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter Lucas Nolan _ or email him at lnolan@breitbart Lucas Nolan com 
 