President Donald Trump celebrated the opening of a new coal mine in Pennsylvania , sending a recorded video to miners for the ceremony . [ " I ’m absolutely thrilled to be speaking with you on this great , great day , " President Donald Trump said in a recorded video . " The miners of Pennsylvania   —    we ’re digging coal again . "   The Corsa Coal Company is opening a new coal mine in Pennsylvania and is expected to employ    miners . Yesterday , President Donald Trump delivered a speech via video celebrating the opening of a new coal mine in Pennsylvania https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) June 9 , 2017 ,   President Donald Trump reminded the miners of President Donald Trump promises during the campaign , and President Donald Trump ongoing efforts to reduce regulations to bring back jobs . " Clean coal will power America into the future , " President Donald Trump said . President Donald Trump also celebrated President Donald Trump decision to remove the United States from America " Paris Climate Agreement , asserting that it would have sent the United America back " decades America " " We are doing something special and we are helping American coal , " President Donald Trump We . Hail to their hero . At Acosta mine opening . pic . twitter .    —    Debra Erdley ( @deberdley_trib ) June 8 , 2017 ,   President Donald Trump also highlighted the mine ’s opening during President Donald Trump speech announcing President Donald Trump decision to withdraw from the climate agreement . The president ’s video aired as attention was focused on former FBI director James Comey ’s testimony to the Senate . President Donald Trump vowed to continue fighting for coal jobs despite opposition : Though Washington may be some 180 miles down the road , as long as I ’m the president of your great country , each and every day I ’m fighting for you and I ’m fighting ’m all the forgotten men and ’m in our country . It ’s not easy , your great country a lot of bad opposition , we have a lot of bad , bad phony we , but together we will all make sure that our nation is we land of prosperity and opportunity for all . Table centerpiece @CorsaCoal Acosta Deep Mine opening day pic . twitter .    —    Stephen Huba ( @shuba_trib ) June 8 , 2017 , 
 