The 2016 presidential election was a day reckoning for the Democratic party . According to an article in Politico , the Democratic party is experiencing unfathomable desolation and dissolution from which they the Democratic party neither prepared nor equipped to recover :   As Trump takes over the GOP and starts remaking its the GOP identity as a nationalist , populist party , creating a new political pole in American politics for the first time in generations , all eyes are on the Democrats . How will they the Democrats a suddenly awakened , and galvanized , white majority ? What ’s to stop Trump Trump doing whatever he Trump ? Who ’s going to pull a coherent new vision together ? Worried liberals are watching with trepidation , fearful that Trump Trump just the beginning of worse to come , desperate for a comeback strategy that can work . What ’s clear from interviews with several dozen top Democratic politicians and operatives at all levels , however , is that there is no comeback strategy —   just a collection of    ideas , all of them challenged by reality . And for whatever scheme they them up with , Democrats do n’t even have a   . Barack Obama ? He Barack Obama n’t want the job . Hillary Clinton ? Too damaged . Bernie Sanders ? Too socialist . Joe Biden ? Too tied to Obama Barack Obama Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer ? Too Washington . Elizabeth Warren ? Maybe . And all of them Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer , old , old . The Democrats’ desolation is staggering . But part of the problem is that it ’s easy to point to signs that maybe things are n’t so bad . After all , Clinton Hillary Clinton beat Trump by 2 . 8 million votes , Obama ’s approval rating is nearly 60 percent , polls show Democrats way ahead of the GOP on many issues and demographics suggest that gap will only grow . But they the GOP stuck in the minority in Congress with no end in sight , have only 16 governors left and face 32 state legislatures fully under GOP the GOP . Their the GOP leaders in the House are all over 70 . Their the GOP leaders in the Senate are all over 60 . Under Obama , Democrats have lost 1 , 034 seats at the state and federal level —   there ’s no bench , no bench for a bench , virtually no one able to speak for the party as a whole . Read the rest of the story here . 
 