A dentist who caters to celebrities in Hollywood was reportedly kicked off a flight for making an    comment to a flight attendant . [ Shawn Sadri , a     immigrant from Iran , who practices in Los Angeles and Manhattan , was returning to New York from Hollywood after a week of performing cosmetic dental procedures for his clients attending the Oscars , the New York Daily News reported .   his sat next to an unaccompanied "   or     boy " of Latino descent , who was crying and nervous before takeoff . " I asked an unaccompanied "  or    boy" of Latino descent, who was crying and nervous before takeoff , ‘ Are you OK ? Are you traveling alone ? ’ " says Sadri , who has served    clients such as actor Aaron Paul and athletes Jose Canseco and Gabby Douglas . " He an unaccompanied "  or    boy" of Latino descent, who was crying and nervous before takeoff n’t speak a word of English and no one was with him an unaccompanied "  or    boy" of Latino descent, who was crying and nervous before takeoff " Sadri said . " Out of nowhere , he an unaccompanied "  or    boy" of Latino descent, who was crying and nervous before takeoff down the aisle and starts screaming ! " When a flight attendant came over to assess the situation , Sadri Sadri the a flight attendant that " maybe Trump is trying to deport " the boy . " Do n’t say that , " the flight attendant a flight attendant him an unaccompanied "  or    boy" of Latino descent, who was crying and nervous before takeoff Sadri , who moved to Iran from the U. S. when he an unaccompanied "  or    boy" of Latino descent, who was crying and nervous before takeoff three , thought that by making a " joke " he an unaccompanied "  or    boy" of Latino descent, who was crying and nervous before takeoff diffuse the situation , but things only escalated even further . " Fine , you must be a Trump supporter , " he Trump the flight attendant . " a flight attendant , ‘ What if I am?’ So I said ‘ If you are , you are , but you ’re also incompetent and need to do your job . Why am I dealing with this kid ? ’ " Two other flight attendants came to the aid of their colleague , and an argument between Two other flight attendants and the flight attendants ensued , according to Two other flight attendants I was n’t yelling , I Sadri n’t swearing , it was 6 a. m. I had n’t been drinking , " he said . " I ’m a New Yorker Sadri —    I ’m not going to back down   —    and I was born a Muslim in Iran . I do think all those things played into it . " Sadri said security was " nice " when they Sadri him off American Airlines Flight 292 and Sadri him Sadri the next flight to New York leaving Sadri hour later . American Airlines said he was asked to leave the American Airlines he Sadri to follow crew members’ instructions the next flight to New York Sadri he has flown by private jet in Sadri past Sadri did not get lucky enough to do so Sunday , the Daily Mail reported . 
 