The chairman of the House Permanent Committee on Intelligence told reporters at the Capitol Monday The chairman of the House Permanent Committee on Intelligence has yet to see evidence of contacts between President Donald Trump ’s campaign and individuals in the Russian government or part of the Russian government extensive network of affiliated persons . [ " As of right now , we have no evidence , but we will continue to ask for evidence and look for evidence , " said Rep. Devin Nunes ( R. . ) who called the press conference to deal with a number of issues , including a New York Times report that the members of the Trump campaign were in contact with Russian intelligence and that he was pressured by the White House to call reporters to knock down the Times story . "   Nunes said Nunes committee had not concluded his committee probe into contact between Russian operatives and any of the presidential campaigns . " Not only the three Americans named in the Times story but also any Americans with the Russians . " Trump ’s national campaign chairman Paul Manafort was named in the Times report , but the other two individuals were not named . Manafort national campaign chairman Paul Manafort from the Trump campaign Aug. 19 , shortly after the Republican National Convention . The hauling of citizens before a congressional hearing based on media reports would bring back the days of McCarthyism , he national campaign chairman Paul Manafort . " I am trying to be very careful , " he national campaign chairman Paul Manafort . " We ca n’t have the government —   the U. S. government —     the Congress or another branch of the the government down American citizens , calling them before American citizens Congress as if they are American citizens sort of secret Russian agents , " he national campaign chairman Paul Manafort . " That is what I am concerned about here —    that we go off on some witch hunt against American citizens just because they appear some witch hunt against American citizens a press story somewhere . " The national campaign chairman Paul Manafort he has national campaign chairman Paul Manafort to see any sign that members of the Trump campaign or transition team broke any laws dealing with foreign governments . There were , however , contacts between the Trump camp and the Russians that were completely    he said national campaign chairman Paul Manafort After President Barack Obama issued his Dec. 29 President Barack Obama against Russia , retired Army Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , then designated to serve as Trump ’s National Security Adviser , spoke to Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak a number of times . Those conversations were wiretapped by the Department of Justice and transcripts of the conversations were given to media outlets . If anything , the FBI should focus on how a DOJ wiretap transcript that had to be approved by the classified Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court went public , which is indisputably a crime , he said . anything, the FBI should focus on how a DOJ wiretap transcript that had to be approved by the classified Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court went public, which is indisputably a crime said that anything, the FBI should focus on how a DOJ wiretap transcript that had to be approved by the classified Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court went public, which is indisputably a crime if Flynn discussed Obama ’s December sanctions , he would have anything, the FBI should focus on how a DOJ wiretap transcript that had to be approved by the classified Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court went public, which is indisputably a crime problem —   even if Flynn told the Flynn that the incoming Trump administration would ignore or ease that round of sanctions . Flynn has maintained Flynn he did not Flynn the sanctions . sanctions the discussions occurred around ensuring that there was no overreaction by the Russian government , so that the new administration the incoming Trump administration all the other previous administrations , who thought they could work with Putin the incoming Trump administration all three have been wrong , " Nunes said . " If that is just what General Flynn did Flynn Flynn and keep the lines of communications open , " he said . " That did us Nunes big favor . " This comment incensed CNN reporter Jim Sciutto . Sciutto called out to the congressman : CNN reporter Jim Sciutto Do you want an administration negotiating against another ? Is n’t that one U. S. administration negotiating —   " The congressman subdued a smirk as he the congressman off , saying , " the congressman CNN reporter Jim Sciutto to investigate the Logan Act ? You ’re a Logan Act guy ? " The 1799 Logan Act bans American citizens from the Logan Act power without the approval of the federal government . Sciutto : " I did n’t mention the Logan Act , I ’m just saying that if one the Logan Act " Nunes cut him off again : " The Logan Act is ridiculous . You guys all know that . " the Logan Act ever been prosecuted for violating the Logan Act . The other contentious     was between the chairman and reporters , the Logan Act that there was something nefarious about the White House asking Nunes to talk to a reporter about the New York Times story . " It was kind Nunes an odd story , I thought , " the congressman said . CNN reporter Manu Raju asked Nunes if he felt that his integrity was compromised when he spoke to the reporter at the Nunes of the congressman White House the congressman Nunes said he was the congressman compromised at CNN reporter Manu Raju " If the White House asked me to Nunes to Nunes reporter —      it was one reporter —   the White House House asked me to talk to you ? Would that be OK or not OK ? " Raju the White House a long moment , then asked , " What is your response to that ? " Raju : " You ’re investigating this matter , the White House is urging you to knock down these stories that are Raju questions —   " Nunes : " That the White House . That absolutely does n’t happen . " Following the press conference , Nunes met with other Republican members of the intelligence committee . As the committee moves forward with its investigation into Russian involvement in the Nunes election cycle , he pledged to hold regular press availabilities . the intelligence committee the intelligence committee 