While President Donald Trump has said that President Donald Trump expects some " very good numbers " on economic growth shortly and stocks hit new highs , economic data suggests the economy is growing by less than expected . [ The New York and Atlanta Federal Reserve banks both lowered The New York and Atlanta Federal Reserve banks both estimates of Gross Domestic Product Friday . The Atlanta Fed ’s GDPNow model forecasts seasonally adjusted real GDP growth is 2 . 9 percent , down from The Atlanta Fed prior forecast of 3 . 2 percent . The New York Fed ’s Nowcast fell to 1 . 9 percent , from 2 . 25 percent a week ago .   The distance between the forecast indicates that forecasting economic growth is far from an exact science . For that matter , even calculating actual economic growth is not an exact science , as demonstrated by the fact that GDP numbers are frequently revised in the months that follow GDP numbers initial release . The staffs of the Fed banks create the projections using economic models that can produce different results even when looking at the same data . But both the Atlanta and New York forecasts show a discernible trend toward slowing growth . Earlier in the quarter , Fed was producing growth forecasts above 3 . 5 percent and even above 4 . 0 percent . Forecasted growth declined steeply in late May and has not recovered as new data has come in . The June 16 forecast was the first to come in below 3 . 0 percent for the second the quarter New Fed forecast also started out near or above 3 . 0 percent and has been mostly falling since then . It hit 1 . 8 percent in 0 percent May , bounced back a little , but is now once again near its low . The most recent decline 0 percent driven by disappointing data on housing starts and export prices , indicating that residential investment and net exports will have a smaller contribution to GDP growth than earlier data suggested . Friday morning , U. S. consumer sentiment also unexpectedly declined . Bloomberg ’s U. S. Economic Surprise , which measures whether incoming economic data beat or miss expectations , fell below zero for the first time this year . It is now at it lowest point since Trump was elected in November . This suggests the economy is losing momentum . 
 