Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach discussed Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach gubernatorial campaign with SiriusXM host Matt Boyle on Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily . [ Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach said taxation would be a core issue in Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach campaign .   LISTEN : " Some people may know Kansas . We did cut We income taxes quite a bit and reduced to zero the taxes on LLCs and S corporations a few years ago , " Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach said . " But a coalition of Democrats and liberal Republicans in the legislature just raised those taxes back up , doing so on the theory that a coalition of Democrats and liberal Republicans in the legislature had to , to balance the budget . " " I think that Kansas does n’t have a revenue problem . Kansas has a spending problem . We should have been cutting the budget , " Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach contended . On immigration , Kobach said Kansas Kansas " a fairly conservative state , but the legislature We n’t been conservative , and we ’ve We of become the sanctuary state of the Midwest . " " We ’re not formally a sanctuary state , but we do We to discourage illegal immigration , " Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach elaborated . " We give aliens    tuition . I want to stop that . " Kobach noted Kobach is Kansas one of the very few states west of the Mississippi that does not have term limits , " which he saw as vital to fighting corruption . " As a result , our legislators , some of them form our legislators careers in the state legislature . I ’d like to see us have term limits for the legislature the state legislature well as for the entire list of statewide offices , " he said he Kobach wryly conceded , " The left is not excited that I ’m running " when Boyle noted the panoply of    groups denouncing his candidacy he governor . Boyle noted the Boyle was The left Kobach really would Kobach a stop to " unbelievable " policies like giving discounted    tuition rates to illegal immigrants . " It ’s insane , " Kobach agreed . Kobach I mean , think about it : You ’ve It someone who lives in a neighboring state , say Missouri . A kid grows up there , wants to go to Kansas University or Kansas State , pays three times as much in tuition as an illegal alien . It makes no sense whatsoever . It ’s against federal It . Congress was trying to stop this way back in the nineties they passed a law Congress no state could do it , but several states did anyway . " " We ’re going to several states to stop that . I think you just need a governor who will come in and say , ‘ Look , I ’m not budging . We ’re going to several states it , and we it going to several states it now , or it ’re going to several states it later , but it ’re going to several states it while I ’m it " he said , promising to " draw some lines in the sand and not let anyone cross them . " Kobach laid out three major points in his    agenda . Kobach I already mentioned was term limits . Try to push term limits through . Now , that ’s going to be a heavy lift since we do n’t have the popular initiative . We ’re going to have we push it through the legislature , the popular initiative you know most politicians do n’t like limiting their own terms in legislatures most politicians " he said . " Second Kobach pass a statute stopping the revolving door , " he continued . " Right Kobach in Kansas , you can retire from the legislature , and then the legislature day , you can start lobbying your former colleagues . We ’ll put time limits on how soon you can become a lobbyist in Kansas . You can become a Kansas somewhere else if you want , but not in Kansas . " Kobach said his Kansas goal would be to Kobach political transparency by replacing " Republicans in Name Only " who tend to side with Democrats . " We really have this problem very badly in Kansas , " he explained . Kansas If you Kobach at the numbers , our legislature in the Senate is 32 to 8   —    32 Republicans to 8 Democrats . Similar lopsided numbers in the House , over a    majority Republican . But many of those Republicans are truly RINOs   —    Republicans in Name Only . They vote with the Democrats all those Republicans time . When they go home , they talk those Republicans Republicans . They those Republicans even use the word those Republicans conservative’ to describe themselves . But then , they those Republicans in and become a those Republicans different person when they are in the state legislature those Republicans " " One of the things the governor has to do is actually call people out by name and say , ‘ Look , I need this person ’s vote’ and try to get the public aware of who these people are who are breaching the public trust , " said Kobach .   " If their district wants to elect someone these people is liberal and votes with the Democrats , so be it . But there is a real deception going on . You see it in states like Kansas , it there are districts across the western part of our state which will not elect a Democrat , period . So what the Democrats do is , they the Democrats as Republicans , " the Democrats said . Kobach agreed with Boyle that voters are tired of politicians who say one thing and do another . " I think they ’re also tired of the politician the Democrats talks like everything he says is carefully polished and has the politician who talks like everything he says through three focus groups , " Kobach added . " The thing that Kobach loved about Trump is that he ’s speaking from the gut . the politician who talks like everything he says could tell that this is what people guy really thinks . His speech was n’t prepared and screened the guy reviewed by others , a bunch of      baloney , but is actually a guy telling us what he thinks . I think people ’s the guy . " " Nobody can do it like President Trump does it , but that ’s kind of it way I have spoken to my constituents as secretary of state : ‘ Here , this is what I ’m going to do . I ’m not going to beat around the bush . If you do n’t like it , do n’t vote for me,’ " he said . Breitbart News Daily airs President Trump SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . Listen to the full audio of the interview above . 
 