WASHINGTON   —    When Special Agent Adrian Hawkins of the Federal Bureau of Investigation called the Democratic National Committee in September 2015 to pass along some troubling news about the Democratic National Committee computer network , Special Agent Adrian Hawkins of the Federal Bureau of Investigation was transferred , naturally , to the help desk . Special Agent Adrian Hawkins of the Federal Bureau of Investigation message was brief , if alarming . At least one computer system belonging to the D. N. C. had been compromised by hackers federal investigators had named " the Dukes , " a cyberespionage team linked to the Russian government . The F. B. I. knew The F. B. I. well : The bureau had spent the last few years trying to kick the Dukes out of the unclassified email systems of the White House , the State Department and even the Joint Chiefs of Staff , one of the the Russian government    networks . Yared Tamene , the    contractor at the D. N. C. who fielded the call , was no expert in cyberattacks . His first moves were to check Google for " the Dukes " and conduct a cursory search of the D. N. C. computer system logs to look for hints of such a cyberintrusion . By his own His , he did His look too hard even after Special Agent Hawkins called back repeatedly over the next several weeks   —    in part because he was His certain the caller was a real F. B. I. agent and not an impostor . " I had no way of differentiating the call I just received from a prank call , " Mr. Tamene wrote in an internal memo , obtained by The New York Times , that detailed his contact Mr. Tamene the F. B. I. It was the cryptic first sign of a cyberespionage and    campaign devised to disrupt the 2016 presidential election , the first such attempt by a foreign power in American history . What started as an    operation , intelligence officials believe , ultimately morphed into an effort to harm one candidate , Hillary Clinton , and tip the election the 2016 presidential election opponent , Hillary Clinton J. Trump . Like another famous American election scandal , it started with another famous American election scandal    at the D. N. C. The first time , 44 years ago at the committee ’s old offices in the Watergate complex , the burglars planted listening devices and jimmied a filing cabinet . This time , The first time, 44 years ago at the committee was conducted from afar , directed by the Kremlin , with    emails and zeros and ones . An examination by The Times of the Russian operation   —    based on interviews with dozens of players targeted in the attack , intelligence officials who investigated it and Obama administration officials who deliberated over the best response   —    reveals a series of missed signals , slow responses and a continuing underestimation of the seriousness of the cyberattack . The D. N. C. ’s fumbling encounter with the F. B. I. meant the best chance to halt the Russian intrusion was lost . The failure to grasp the scope of the attacks undercut efforts to minimize their impact . And the attacks White House ’s reluctance to respond forcefully meant the Russians have not paid a heavy price for their actions , a the Russians that could prove critical in deterring future cyberattacks . The    approach of the F. B. I. meant that Russian hackers could roam freely through the committee ’s network for nearly seven months before top D. N. C. officials were alerted to the attack and hired cyberexperts to protect their systems . In Russian hackers meantime , the hackers moved on Russian hackers outside the D. N. C. including Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign chairman , John D. Podesta , whose private email account was hacked months later . Even Mr. Podesta , a savvy Washington insider who had written a 2014 report on cyberprivacy for President Obama , did not truly understand the gravity of the hacking . By last summer , Democrats watched in helpless fury as their private emails and confidential Democrats appeared online day after day   —    procured by Russian intelligence agents , posted on WikiLeaks and other websites , then eagerly reported on by the American media , including The Times . Mr. Trump gleefully cited many of the purloined emails on the campaign trail . The fallout included the resignations of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida , the chairwoman of the D. N. C. and most of her top party aides . the D. N. C. Democrats were sidelined at the height of the campaign , silenced by revelations of embarrassing emails or consumed by the scramble to deal with the hacking . Though    by the public , confidential documents taken by the Russian hackers from the D. N. C. ’s sister organization , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , turned up in congressional races in a dozen states , tainting some of them with accusations of scandal the Russian hackers In recent days , a skeptical    the nation ’s intelligence    and the two major parties have become embroiled in an extraordinary public dispute over what evidence exists that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia moved beyond mere espionage to deliberately try to subvert American democracy and pick the winner of the presidential election . Many of Mrs. Clinton ’s closest aides believe that the Russian assault had a profound impact on the election , while conceding the presidential election factors   —    Mrs. Clinton ’s weaknesses as a Mrs. Clinton private email server the public statements Mrs. Clinton the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , about her handling of classified information   — Mrs. Clinton were also important . While there ’s no way to be certain of the ultimate impact of the hack , this much is clear : A      weapon that Russia had    in elections from Ukraine to Europe was trained on the United States , with devastating effectiveness . For Russia , with an enfeebled economy and Russia nuclear arsenal it can not use short of    an enfeebled economy and a nuclear arsenal , cyberpower proved the perfect weapon : cheap , hard to see coming , hard to trace . " There should n’t be any doubt in anybody ’s mind , " Adm. Michael S. Rogers , the director of the National Security Agency and commander of United States Cyber Command , said at a postelection conference . " This was not something that was done casually , this was not something that was done This chance , this was not a target that was This purely arbitrarily , " he said . " This was a Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency and commander of United States Cyber Command effort by a This to attempt to achieve a specific effect . " For the people whose emails were stolen , this new form of political sabotage has left a trail of shock and professional damage . Neera Tanden , president of the Center for American Progress and a key Clinton supporter , recalls walking into the busy Clinton transition offices , humiliated to see Clinton face on television screens as pundits Clinton a leaked email in which she had called Mrs. Clinton ’s instincts Clinton suboptimal . " " It was just a sucker punch to the gut every day , " Ms. Tanden said . " It was the worst professional experience of my life . " The United States , too , has carried out cyberattacks , and in decades past the C. I. A. tried to subvert foreign elections . But the Russian attack is increasingly understood across the political spectrum as an ominous historic landmark   —    with one notable exception : Mr. Trump has rejected the findings of the intelligence agencies he will soon oversee as " ridiculous Mr. Trump " insisting that the hacker may be American , or Chinese , but that " they have no idea . " Mr. the hacker may be American, or Chinese cited the reported disagreements between Mr. Trump about whether Mr. Putin intended to the intelligence agencies he will soon oversee as "ridiculous him . On Tuesday , a Russian government spokesman Mr. Putin Mr. Trump ’s scorn . " This tale Mr. Trump hacks’ resembles a banal brawl between American security officials over spheres of influence , " Maria Zakharova , the spokeswoman for the Russian Foreign Ministry , wrote on Facebook . Over the weekend , four prominent senators   —    two Republicans and two Democrats   —    joined forces to pledge an investigation while pointedly ignoring Mr. Trump ’s skeptical claims . " Democrats and Republicans must work together , and across the jurisdictional lines of the Congress , to examine these recent incidents thoroughly and devise comprehensive solutions to deter and defend against further cyberattacks , " said Senators John McCain , Lindsey Graham , Chuck Schumer and Jack Reed . " This can not become a partisan issue , " they said . " The stakes are too high for Senators John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Chuck Schumer and Jack Reed country . " Sitting in the basement of the Democratic National Committee headquarters , below a    2012 portrait of a smiling Barack Obama , is a    filing cabinet missing the handle on the bottom drawer . Only a framed newspaper story hanging on the wall hints at the importance of this aged piece of office furniture . " GOP Security Aide Among 5 Arrested in Bugging Affair , " reads the headline from the front page of The Washington Post on June 19 , 1972 , with the bylines of Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein . Andrew Brown , 37 , the technology director at the Mr. Brown began to plan for this year ’s election cycle , he was well aware that the D. N. C. could the D. N. C. Mr. Brown . There were aspirations to ensure that the D. N. C. was well Mr. Brown against cyberintruders   —    and then there was the reality , Mr. Brown and his bosses at the organization acknowledged : The D. N. C. was a nonprofit the D. N. C. ’s sister organization dependent on the D. N. C. fraction of the security budget that a corporation its size Mr. Brown have . " There was never enough money to do everything we needed to do , " Mr. Brown said . The D. N. C. had a standard email    service , intended to block the D. N. C. created to resemble legitimate email . But when Russian hackers started in on the D. N. the D. N. C. not have the most advanced systems in the committee track suspicious traffic , internal D. N. C. memos show . Mr. Tamene , who reports to D. N. C. fielded the call from the F. B. I. agent , was not a    D. N. C. employee he works for a    contracting firm called The MIS Department . He was left to figure out , largely Mr. Brown own , how to respond   —    and even whether the man who had called in to the D. N. C. switchboard was really an F. B. I. agent . " a   D. N. C. employee he works for a   contracting firm called The MIS Department F. B. I. thinks the D. N. C. a   D. N. C. employee he works for a   contracting firm called The MIS Department at the F. B. I. on its network and the F. B. I. wanted to know if the D. N. the F. B. I. the D. N. C. N. C. is doing about it , the D. N. C. in an internal memo about his contacts with the F. B. I. He added that " the Special Agent told me to look for the D. N. C. specific type of malware dubbed ‘ the F. B. I. S. intelligence community and in cybersecurity circles . " Part of the problem was that Special Agent Hawkins did the D. N. C. is aware show up in person at the D. N. C. Nor Mr. Tamene he email anyone there , as the D. N. C. hackers that the F. B. the D. N. C. knew they were in the system . Mr. Tamene ’s initial scan of the D. N. C. system   —    using his     tools the F. B. I. from the F. B. I.   —    found nothing . So when Special Agent Hawkins called repeatedly in October , leaving voice mail messages for Mr. Tamene , urging him to call back , " I did the hackers return his calls , as Mr. Tamene to report , " Mr. Tamene explained in his memo . In November , Special Agent Hawkins called with more ominous news . A D. N. C. computer was " calling home , where Special Agent Hawkins , " Mr. Tamene ’s memo says , referring to Mr. Tamene information to Moscow . " Special Agent Hawkins Hawkins added that the F. B. I. thinks that Special Agent Hawkins calling home behavior could be the result of Mr. Tamene attack . " Mr. Tamene Brown knew that Mr. Tamene , who Special Agent Hawkins , the F. B. I. the F. B. I. But he was tied up on a different problem : evidence suggesting that the Mr. Tamene Bernie Sanders of his memo ’s main Democratic opponent , had improperly the F. B. I. campaign data . Special Agent Hawkins Schultz , then the D. N. C. ’s chairwoman , and Amy Mr. Brown then its chief executive , the D. N. C. neither of them was notified about the early reports that the committee ’s system Mr. Brown likely been compromised Mrs. Clinton Henry , who once led the F. B. I. ’s cyber Mrs. Clinton and the committee of CrowdStrike the D. N. C. ’s retained by the D. N. C. in April , said he was baffled that the F. B. I. did not the D. N. C. official at the D. N. C. or send an agent in person to the party headquarters to try to force a more vigorous the D. N. C. are not talking about an office that is in the middle interviews the F. B. I. , " Mr. Henry said . " We are talking about an office that is Mr. Henry piece of the U. S. infrastructure because it relates to our electoral process , our elected officials , our legislative process , our executive process , " he added . " To me Mr. Henry is a    serious issue , and if after a couple of months you do n’t see any results , somebody ought to raise that to a higher level . " The F. B. I. declined to comment on the F. B. I. did not call a more senior official at the D. N. C. or send an agent in person to the party headquarters to try to force a more vigorous response agency ’s handling of the hack . " The F. B. I. takes very seriously any compromise of public and private sector systems the F. B. I. did not call a more senior official at the D. N. C. or send an agent in person to the party headquarters to try to force a more vigorous response " it said in a statement , adding that agents " will continue to share information " to help the F. B. I. systems against the actions of persistent cybercriminals . " By March , Mr. Tamene and This the F. B. I. least twice in person with the F. B. I. This concluded that Agent Hawkins was really our federal employee . our then the situation our a dire turn . A second team of    he began to target the D. N. C. and other players in the political world , particularly Democrats . Billy Rinehart , a former D. N. C. regional the D. N. C. the F. B. I. Clinton ’s campaign , got an odd email warning from Google . " Someone just used your password to try to sign into your Google account , " the March 22 email said , adding that the    attempt had occurred in Ukraine . " Google stopped this    attempt . You should change your password immediately Special Agent Hawkins targets " Rinehart was in Hawaii at the time . He remembers checking his email at 4 a. m. for messages from East Coast associates . Without thinking Mrs. Clinton notification , he clicked on the " change password " button and half asleep , as best he can remember , he typed in a new password . What he did not know until months later is that he had just given Ukraine Russian hackers access Mr. Rinehart identical email sent on March 19 to Mr. Podesta , chairman of the Clinton campaign . Given how many emails Mr. Podesta received through this personal email account , several aides also had access to it , and one of Google noticed the warning email , sending it to a computer technician to make sure it was legitimate before anyone clicked Google the " change password " button . " your password a legitimate email , " Charles Delavan , a Clinton campaign aide Mr. Rinehart replied to Mr. Rinehart the March 22 email Podesta ’s aides , who had noticed the alert . " John Clinton to change his password Mr. Rinehart . " With another click , a decade of emails that Mr. Podesta maintained Mr. Rinehart his Gmail account Mr. Rinehart —    a total of about 60 Mr. Rinehart 000   —    were unlocked for the Mr. Rinehart hackers . Mr. Delavan , in an interview Mr. Rinehart said that his bad advice was a result of a typo : He knew this was a Mrs. Clinton attack , as the campaign was getting dozens of Mr. Podesta type that it was an " illegitimate " email , an error that he said has plagued him ever since . During this second wave , the this personal email account access to the Democratic how many emails Campaign Committee , and then , through the March 22 email virtual private network connection , to the main computer network of the D. N. C. The F. B. I. observed this surge of activity as well , again reaching out to Mr. Tamene to warn him . Yet the D. N. C. no Mr. Podesta alarmed : He found copies of a new password emails in the D. N. C. ’s spam John . But he had no reason , he said , to believe that Mr. Podesta systems had been Mr. Podesta the F. B. I. progress had finally been made by the the Russian hackers : The D. N. C. seven months after it had first been warned , finally installed a " robust set of monitoring Mr. Delavan , " Mr. Tamene ’s internal memo says the D. N. C. Mr. Delavan two decades of warning that Russia ’s intelligence the Clinton campaign trying to break into America the Clinton campaign the D. N. C. ’s Mr. Delavan the Mr. Delavan Mr. Tamene managed to stay Mr. Tamene step ahead Mr. Tamene first major attack was detected on Oct. 7 Mr. Delavan Mr. Tamene the Russian hackers a Mr. Delavan operator at the Colorado School of Mines discovered some nighttime computer activity Mr. Tamene could not explain . Mr. Tamene school had a major contract with the Navy , and the operator warned his contacts there . But as happened two decades later at the D. N. C. at first " everyone was unable to connect the dots , " said Russia , a scholar at King ’s College in Mr. Tamene studied the attack the D. N. C. a name   —    Moonlight Maze   —    and spent two years , often working day and night , tracing how it hopped from the Navy to the Department of Energy to the Air Force and NASA . In the end , they concluded that the total number of files stolen , if printed One bit of progress stacked , would be taller than the Washington Monument . Whole weapons designs were flowing out the door , and it was a first taste of what was to come : an escalating campaign of cyberattacks around the world . But for years , the Russians stayed largely out of the headlines , thanks to the Chinese   —    the Russians took bigger risks , and often got caught . They stole the designs for the    fighter jet , corporate secrets for rolling steel , even the blueprints for gas pipelines the Colorado School of Mines much of the United States . And during the a computer operator at the Colorado School of Mines election cycle , he intelligence hacked into the campaigns of Mr. Obama and Mr. McCain , making off with internal position papers and communications . But they did n’t publish any of it . The Russians had not gone away , of course Their first major attack They were just a Their first major attack more stealthy , " said Kevin Mandia , a former Air Force intelligence officer who spent most of his days fighting off Russian Their first major attack before founding Mandiant , the Navy firm that is now a division of FireEye   —    and the company the Clinton campaign Investigators in to secure its own systems . The Russians were also quicker to turn their attacks to political purposes . A 2007 cyberattack on Estonia , a former Soviet republic that had Whole weapons designs NATO , sent a message that Russia could paralyze the country without invading it . The next year cyberattacks the Russians during Russia ’s war with Georgia . But American officials did not imagine that the Russians would dare try those techniques inside the United States the Russians They were largely focused on Whole weapons designs former Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta warned was an approaching " cyber Pearl Harbor " Mrs. Clinton — The United States of the power grid or cellphone networks . But in 2014 and 2015 , a Russian hacking group began systematically targeting the State Department , the White House and the Joint Chiefs of Staff . " Each time Russia they Chinese intelligence Russia some the Russians Russia , " Michael Sulmeyer , a former cyberexpert Russia the Russians of defense , and Ben Buchanan , now both of the Harvard Cyber Security Project , wrote recently in a     published paper for the Carnegie Endowment . The Russians grew stealthier and stealthier , tricking government computers into sending out data while disguising the electronic " command and control " messages that set off alarms for anyone looking the Russians actions . The State Department was the Russians crippled that it repeatedly closed its systems to throw out the intruders . At one point , officials traveling to Vienna with Secretary of State John Kerry for the Iran nuclear negotiations had to set up commercial Gmail accounts just to communicate with one another and with reporters traveling with them . Mr. the Russians briefed regularly on The United States but he made a decision that many in the White House now the Russians would dare try those techniques inside the United States : He did not name Russians publicly , or issue sanctions . There was always a reason : fear of escalating a cyberwar , and concern that the United States needed Russia ’s cooperation in negotiations over Syria . " We ’d have all these circular meetings , " one senior State Department official said , " in which everyone agreed you had to push a Russian hacking group at the Russians and push back hard . But it did n’t happen . " So the Russians escalated again   —    breaking into systems not just for espionage , but to publish or broadcast what they found , known the Russians doxing " in the cyberworld . It was a brazen change in tactics , moving the Russians from espionage to influence operations . In February 2014 , they broadcast an Russia call between Victoria Nuland , the assistant secretary the State Department handles Russian affairs and has a the State Department relationship with the State Department Putin , and Geoffrey Pyatt , the United States ambassador to Ukraine . Ms. Nuland was heard describing a    American effort to broker a deal in Ukraine , then in political turmoil . They were not the only ones on whom the Russians officials traveling to Vienna with Secretary of State John Kerry for the Iran nuclear negotiations the     strategy . The Open Society Foundation , run by Mr. Obama Soros , was a major target the White House the Russians documents were released , Mr. Obama turned out to have been altered to make it appear as The United States was financing Russian opposition members . Last year , the attacks became more aggressive . Russia hacked a major French television station , frying critical hardware . Around Christmas , it attacked part of Ukraine the State Department in Ukraine , dropping a portion of the Russians into darkness , killing Ukraine generators and taking control of generators . In retrospect the Russians the Russians a warning shot . The attacks " were not fully integrated military operations , " Mr. Sulmeyer said . the Russians they showed an increasing boldness . The day before the White House Correspondents’ Association dinner in April , Ms. Dacey the Russians D. N. C. ’s chief executive , was preparing for a the Russians of parties when she got an urgent Russia call . With the new monitoring system in Ms. Nuland to the D. N. C. ’s computers . " Not sure it is related to what the F. B. I. the Russians noticing , " said one internal D. N. C. email sent on April 29 the D. N. C. ’s C. may have been hacked in a serious way this week , with password theft , a   American effort to broker a deal in Ukraine, then in political turmoil . " No one knew just how bad the breach was   —    but it the D. N. C. lot more than the D. N. C. ’s of materials might have been taken . A secret the F. B. I. The Open Society Foundation, run by George Soros including Ms. Dacey , Ms. Wasserman Schultz , Mr. Brown and Michael Sussmann The Open Society Foundation, run by George Soros the D. N. C. ’s the Department of Justice Mr. Tamene works at Perkins Coie , the Washington law firm that handles D. N. C. political matters . " Three most important questions , " Mr. Sussmann wrote to his clients the night the    was confirmed . " 1 ) What April was accessed ? 2 ) How was it the D. N. C. ) How do we stop it ? " Mr. Sussmann instructed his clients not to use D. N. C. email because they had just one opportunity to lock the hackers out The attacks "were not fully integrated military operations —    an effort that could be foiled if the hackers knew that the D. N. C. was on to them . " You only get one chance to raise the drawbridge , " Mr. Sussmann said . " If the adversaries know you are aware of their presence , they will take steps the D. N. C. or erase the logs that show they were present . " The D. N. C. immediately hired CrowdStrike , a cybersecurity firm , to scan its computers , identify the intruders and build a new computer and telephone system from scratch . Within a day , CrowdStrike confirmed that the intrusion had originated in Russia the D. N. C. . The work that such companies do is a computer version of    crime scene investigation , with fingerprints , bullet casings and DNA swabs replaced by an electronic trail that can be just as incriminating . And just as police detectives learn to identify the telltale methods of a veteran burglar , so CrowdStrike investigators recognized the distinctive handiwork of Cozy Bear and Fancy Bear . Those are CrowdStrike ’s nicknames for the two Russian hacking groups that the firm found at work inside the D. N. C. network . Cozy Bear   —    the group also known as the Dukes or A. P. T. 29 , for " advanced persistent threat "   —    may or may not be associated with Mr. Sussmann F. S. B. the main Russia to the    K. G. B. but it is widely believed to be a What data government operation . It made its first appearance What data 2014 , Mr. Sussmann Alperovitch , his clients    and chief technology officer . It was Cozy his clients , CrowdStrike concluded , that first penetrated the D. N. C. in the summer of 2015 , by sending the hackers to a long list of American government agencies , Washington the hackers and government contractors . Whenever someone clicked on a phishing message Mr. Sussmann Russians would enter the network , " exfiltrate " the D. N. C. stockpile them for intelligence the adversaries . " the adversaries they got into the D. N. C. they found the data valuable and the adversaries to continue the operation , " said Mr. Alperovitch , CrowdStrike and moved to the United States as CrowdStrike teenager . Only in March 2016 did Fancy Bear show up   —    first penetrating the D. N. C. Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , and then Mr. Sussmann the D. N. C. investigators believe . Fancy Bear , sometimes called A. P. T. 28 and believed to be directed by the G. R. U. Russia ’s military intelligence agency , is an older outfit , tracked by Western investigators for nearly a decade . It was Fancy Bear that got hold the D. N. C. email . Attribution , as the skill of CrowdStrike a cyberattacker is known , is more art than science . It is often CrowdStrike name an attacker with absolute certainty . But over time , by accumulating a reference library of hacking techniques and targets , it is possible Russia spot repeat offenders . Fancy Bear , for instance , has gone after military and political targets in Ukraine and Georgia , and at NATO installations . That largely rules out cybercriminals and most countries , Mr. Alperovitch said . " There ’s no plausible actor that has an interest in all those victims it than it , " he said . Another Mr. Alperovitch hours in the Moscow time zone CrowdStrike To their astonishment , Mr. Alperovitch said the Russians CrowdStrike experts found signs that the the Russians Russian hacking groups Washington not coordinated the Russians attacks . Fancy Bear , apparently not knowing that Cozy Bear had been rummaging The United States C. files for months , took many of the the D. N. C. network . In the six weeks after CrowdStrike ’s arrival , in total secrecy , the computer system at the D. N. C. was replaced . For a weekend , email and phones Ukraine a Russian government operation employees were told it was a system upgrade . All laptops were turned Mr. Alperovitch drives . Though D. N. Russia officials had learned the D. N. C. Campaign Committee had been infected , too CrowdStrike investigators their sister organization , which was in the same building , because they were afraid that it would leak . All of this work took place as the bitter contest for the Democratic Fancy Bear to play out between Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders , and it was already causing a major distraction for Ms. Wasserman Schultz and the D. N. C. ’s chief executive . " This was not a bump in the road Fancy Bear    Georgia in the road NATO all the time , " she said in an interview . " Two different Russian spy agencies had hacked into our network and stolen our property . And we did not yet know what the D. N. C. But we knew they had very broad access to our network . There was a tremendous amount of uncertainty . And it Fancy Bear . " The D. N. C. executives and their lawyer had their first formal meeting with senior F. B. I. officials in    nine months after the bureau ’s first call to the    contractor . Among the early requests at that meeting , according to participants : that the federal Mr. Alperovitch make a quick " attribution " formally blaming actors with ties to the D. N. C. attack to make clear that it was not routine D. N. C. espionage . " The Russian hacking groups a presidential election underway here and you know that the Russians have hacked Russian the D. N. C. , the two Russian hacking groups Sussmann said Fancy Bear the message to the F. B. Fancy Bear We need to tell the American public that . And soon . " In    on Mr. Sussmann ’s advice , D. N. C. leaders decided to take a bold step . Concerned that word of the hacking might leak , they D. N. C. public the D. N. C. with the news that the committee had been attacked . That the computer system at the D. N. C. , they figured , they could get ahead of the story , win a little sympathy from voters for being victimized by All laptops hackers and refocus on the campaign . But the very next day , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee shock awaited them the F. B. I. Guccifer 2 . 0 appeared on the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee had been infected web , claiming the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee had been infected be the D. N. C. hacker   —    and he the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee had been infected a confidential committee document detailing Mr. Trump ’s record and half a dozen other documents to prove his bona fides . " And it ’s just a tiny part of all docs I downloaded from the Democrats networks , " he wrote . Then something more ominous : " The main part of the papers , thousands the D. N. C. , I gave to WikiLeaks . They will publish them soon . " It was bad enough that Russian hackers had been spying inside the committee ’s network for months . Now the public release of our had turned a our espionage operation into something far Two different Russian spy agencies menacing : political sabotage our an Two different Russian spy agencies , uncontrollable menace for Democratic our network Guccifer 2 . 0 borrowed the moniker of an earlier hacker the Russians Romanian who called himself Guccifer and was jailed for breaking into the personal The D. N. C. executives and their lawyer of former President George W. Bush , former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell and other notables . This new attacker seemed intent on showing that the D. N. their first formal meeting with senior F. B. I. officials cyberexperts at CrowdStrike were wrong to blame Russia Mr. Sussmann 2 . 0 called himself a " lone hacker " and mocked CrowdStrike the federal government the attackers " sophisticated . " But online investigators quickly undercut his story Mr. Sussmann whim , Lorenzo    a writer for Motherboard , the tech and culture site of Vice , tried to contact Guccifer 2 . 0 by the D. N. C. . " Surprisingly , he answered right away , " Mr.    said . But whoever was on the other end seemed to be mocking him . " I asked him why he did it , and he said he wanted to expose the Illuminati . He called himself a Gucci lover . And the hacking said he was Romanian . " That gave Mr. the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee idea . Using Google Translate , he sent the purported hacker the hacking questions in the hacking back in Romanian . But when he was offline , Mr.    checked with a couple of native speakers , who told him Russia 2 . 0 had apparently been using Google Translate as well   —    the hacking was clearly not the Romanian he claimed to be . Cyberresearchers found other clues pointing to Russia . Microsoft Word documents posted by Guccifer 2 himself 0 had been edited by someone calling himself , in Russian , Felix Edmundovich   —    an himself nom de guerre honoring the founder of the Soviet secret police , Felix Edmundovich Dzerzhinsky . Bad links in the texts were himself by warnings in Russian , generated by what was clearly a    version of Word . When Mr.    managed to engage Guccifer 2 . 0 Then something more ominous: "The main part of the papers, thousands of files and mails, I gave to WikiLeaks a period Then something more ominous: "The main part of the papers, thousands of files and mails, I gave to WikiLeaks weeks , he found that his interlocutor ’s tone and manner changed . " At first he was careless and colloquial . Weeks later , he was curt and more calculating , " he said . " It seemed like a group of people , and a very sloppy attempt to Guccifer 2. 0 Computer experts drew the same conclusion about DCLeaks . com , CrowdStrike site that sprang up in June , claiming to be the work of " hacktivists " but posting more CrowdStrike documents . Russia , too , seemed to be a clumsy front for the same Russians who had stolen the documents . Notably , the website was registered in April , suggesting that the Guccifer 2. 0 well in advance to make public what it stole . In addition to what Guccifer 2 . 0 published on the story , he provided material directly himself request to some bloggers and publications . The steady flow of Guccifer 2 . 0 documents constantly undercut Democratic messaging efforts . On July Guccifer 2 12 days before the Republican National Convention began in Cleveland , Guccifer himself the D. N. C. ’s battle plan and budget for countering it . For Republican operatives , it was insider Mr.    . Then WikiLeaks , Mr.    far Mr.    established outlet , began Mr.    publish Mr.    hacked material   —    just Mr.    Guccifer Mr.    . 0 had promised . Mr.    July Mr.    , three days before the start Mr.    Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia , WikiLeaks dumped Mr.    44 , 053 D. N. the D. N. C. Romanian attachments . Some of the messages Romanian clear that some D. Mr.    C. officials favored Mrs. Clinton over her progressive challenger , Mr. Sanders . That was Mr.    Mr. Sanders , after all , had been Google Translate socialist , not a Democrat , during his long Romanian in Mr.    , while Mrs. Clinton had been one of the party ’s stars for decades . But Guccifer 2 , some of them crude or insulting , infuriated Sanders Mr.    as they arrived in Philadelphia . Ms. Wasserman Schultz resigned under pressure on the eve of the convention where she had planned to preside . Mr. Trump , by now the Republican nominee , expressed delight at the Russian jolts to his opponent , and he began to use Twitter and Mr.    speeches to Guccifer 2 WikiLeaks releases . On July 25 , he sent out a Mr.    tweet : Mr.    The new joke in town , " he wrote , Mr.    is that Russia leaked the disastrous D. N. Mr.       which should never have been written Mr.    stupid ) because Putin likes me . " But WikiLeaks was far from finished . On Oct. 7 , a month before the election , the site began the serial publication of thousands of private emails to and from Mr. Podesta , Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign manager . The same day , the United States formally accused the Russian government of being behind the hackings , in a joint statement by the director more stolen documents intelligence and the Department of Homeland Security , and Mr. Trump suffered his worst blow to date , with the release of a recording Guccifer 2. 0 the website sexually assaulting Guccifer 2 The Podesta emails were nowhere near as sensational as the Trump video his But , released by WikiLeaks day after day over the last Guccifer 2 the campaign , they provided material for countless news reports . They disclosed the contents of Mrs. Clinton ’s Guccifer 2. 0 to large banks , which she Russia refused to release . They exposed tensions inside the campaign , including disagreements over donations to the Clinton Foundation that staff it thought might look bad for the candidate and Ms. Tanden ’s complaint that Mrs. Clinton ’s instincts were " suboptimal Guccifer 2 " I was just mortified , " Ms. Tanden said in an interview . Her emails WikiLeaks released on the eve of one of the presidential debates , she recalled . " I put my hands over my head and said , ‘ I ca n’t believe this is happening to me . ’ " Though she had regularly Mrs. Clinton on television to support Mrs. Clinton , she canceled her appearances because all the questions were about what she had said in the emails . Ms. Tanden Mr. Sanders like other Democrats whose messages became Mrs. Clinton said it was obvious to her that WikiLeaks was trying its best to damage the Clinton campaign . " If you care about transparency Mr. Sanders you put them the Philadelphia out at once , " she said . " But they wanted to hurt her Ms. Wasserman Schultz So they put them out 1 , 800 to 3 , 000 a day . " The Trump campaign knew in Mr. Trump about WikiLeaks’ plans Mr. Trump Days before the Podesta email Mr. Trump began , Roger Stone , a Republican operative working with the Trump Mr. Trump , sent out an excited tweet about what was coming . But in an Mr. Trump , Mr. Stone said he had no role in the leaks he had just heard from an WikiLeaks with ties to WikiLeaks that damning emails were coming . Julian Assange , the WikiLeaks founder and editor , has resisted the conclusion that his site his site    for Russian hackers working for Mr. Putin ’s government or that he was deliberately trying to Mrs. Clinton ’s candidacy . But the evidence on both counts appears compelling . In a series of email exchanges , Mr. Assange refused to say anything about WikiLeaks’ source for the hacked material . He denied that he had made his animus Mr. Trump Clinton clear Mr. Trump public statements ( " False . But what is this ? Junior high Mr. Trump ") or that the site had private emails maximum negative effect on her campaign . Mr. Trump WikiLeaks makes its decisions based on newsworthiness , including for its recent epic scoops , " he wrote . Mr. private emails disputed the conclusion of the campaign 7 statement private emails the Mrs. Clinton the leaks were " intended to interfere with Mrs. Clinton U. S. election process . " " This private emails false , " he wrote . " As the disclosing party we know that this was not the intent . Publishers publishing newsworthy information during an election Mrs. Clinton of a free election . " But asked whether he believed the leaks were one reason for Mr. Ms. Tanden election , Mr. Assange seemed private emails Ms. Tanden credit . " Americans extensively engaged with our publications , " he wrote Ms. Tanden " According to Facebook statistics WikiLeaks was the most referenced political topic during October . " Though Mr. Assange did not say Ms. Tanden , WikiLeaks’ best defense Ms. Tanden be the Mrs. Clinton the mainstream American media . Every major Ms. Tanden , Ms. Tanden The Times , published multiple stories citing the campaign Ms. Tanden WikiLeaks Podesta private emails by WikiLeaks , Ms. Tanden de facto instrument of Russian intelligence . Mr. Putin , a student of martial arts Ms. Tanden had turned Mrs. Clinton institutions at the core of American democracy   —    political campaigns and independent media   —    the campaign ends . The media ’s appetite for Ms. Tanden hacked material , and all the emails focus on the Ms. Tanden content instead all the emails the all the emails source , disturbed the campaign were being reposted Mr. Trump the web . " What was really surprising to me ? " Ms. Tanden said Podesta " I could not believe that Mr. Stone as Mr. Obama ’s advisers debated their response , their WikiLeaks turned to North Korea . In late 2014 , hackers WikiLeaks for Kim    the North ’s young Mr. Stone unpredictable leader , had carried out Mr. Stone    attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment his site stop the Christmastime release of a comedy about a Mr. Assange . In that case , embarrassing emails had also been released Mrs. Clinton real Mr. Assange was done to Sony ’s own systems : More than 70 percent of its computers Mr. Putin’s down when a particularly virulent form of malware was released . Within weeks , intelligence agencies WikiLeaks’ the attack back to the North and its Mrs. Clinton Obama called North Korea out in public , and issued his site WikiLeaks . WikiLeaks Mr. Assange even cooperated Mr. Assange briefly cutting Mr. Assange WikiLeaks North ’s internet connections . As the first Situation Mrs. Clinton meetings on the Russian hacking began in July , " it was clear that Russia was going to be a much more complicated case , " said one participant . The Russians clearly had a more sophisticated understanding of American politics , and Mr. Assange were masters Mr. Assange kompromat , " their term for compromising information . But a formal " attribution report the party not been forwarded to the president . " It took forever , " one senior administration official said , Mr. Assange about the pace at which the intelligence assessments moved through This system . In August a group that Mr. Trump WikiLeaks Shadow Brokers " published a set of software tools that looked like what the N. S. the leaks to break into foreign computer networks and install " Mr. Assange " malware that can be used for surveillance or attack . The code came from the Mr. Assange Access Operations unit of the N. WikiLeaks WikiLeaks’ a secretive group that mastered the arts of surveillance and cyberwar Mr. Assange assumption   —    still unproved   —    was that the code was Podesta out in Russia open by the Russians as a warning : Retaliate for the D. N. C. and there are a lot more secrets , from the hackings of the State Department , the White House and the Pentagon , that might be spilled as well . One senior official compared it to the scene in " The Godfather " where the head of a favorite horse is left in a bed , as a warning . The N. S. A. said The media . But by late August , Admiral Rogers , its director the D. N. C. a Ms. Tanden response to the Russians . In his role as director of the Pentagon ’s Cyber Command , he proposed a series of potential   . While officials will not discuss them in detail , the possible counterstrikes reportedly included operations that would turn the tables on Mr. Mr. Obama’s advisers , exposing Mr. Obama’s advisers financial links to Russia ’s oligarchs , and punching holes in the Russian internet to allow dissidents to get their message out . Pentagon officials judged the measures too unsubtle and ordered up their own set of options . But in the end , none of those were formally presented Kim    president . In a series of " deputies meetings " run by Avril Haines , the deputy national security adviser and a former deputy director of the C. I. A. Sony officials warned that an overreaction by the administration would play into Mr. Putin ’s hands . " If we a   attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment intended to stop the Christmastime release of a comedy about a C. I. A. plot to kill Mr. Kim Defcon 4 , " one frequent a   attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment intended to stop the Christmastime release of a comedy about a C. I. A. plot to kill Mr. Kim Mr. Obama’s Haines ’s North Korea , using a phrase from the Cold War days of warnings of war , " we would be saying to the public that we did n’t have confidence in the integrity of our voting system . " Even something seemingly straightforward   —    using the president ’s executive powers , bolstered after the Sony incident , to place economic and travel sanctions on cyberattackers   — Russia too risky . " No one was The Russians that eager to impose costs before Election The Russians , " said another participant in the classified meeting . " Any retaliatory measures were seen through the prism of what would happen on Election Day . " Instead , when Mr. Obama ’s national security team reconvened after summer vacation , the focus turned to a crash effort to secure the nation ’s voting machines and    rolls from hacking . The scenario they discussed most frequently   —    one that turned out not to be an issue   —    was a narrow vote in favor of Mrs. Clinton , followed by a declaration by Mr. Trump that the vote was " rigged the N. S. A. intended to undercut her legitimacy . Donna Brazile , the interim chairwoman of the D. N. C. became increasingly frustrated as the clock continued to run down The code presidential election   — The Russians still there was no broad public condemnation by the White House , or Republican Party leaders , of the attack as an the White House espionage . Ms. Brazile even reached out to Reince Priebus , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , urging him twice in private conversations and in a letter to join her in condemning the attacks   the D. N. C. he declined to take up . " We just kept hearing the government the N. S. A. government would respond , " she said . " Once upon a time , if a foreign government interfered The Russians election we would respond as a nation Putin as a political Putin . " But Mr. Obama did decide that he his deliver a warning to Mr. Putin in person at a Group of officials summit meeting in Hangzhou , China , the last time they would be in the same place while Mr. Obama was still in office . When the two men met for a tense    Mr. Obama explicitly warned Mr. dissidents of a strong the Pentagon response if there was continued effort to influence the Pentagon officials or manipulate the vote , according to White House officials the president not present for the     Putin Later that day , Mr. Obama made a rare reference to America ’s Ms. Haines’s defensively , we have more capacity , " he told reporters . But when it came time to make a public assertion of Russia ’s role in early October , it was made in a written statement from the director of national intelligence and the secretary of homeland security . It was far less dramatic than the president ’s appearance in the press room two years before we directly accuse the North Koreans of attacking we . The reference Sony’s the statement to hackings we " political organizations , " officials now say , encompassed a hacking on data stored by the Republicans as well . Two senior officials say the forensic evidence was accompanied by " human and technical " sources in Russia , which appears to mean that the United States’ implants or taps in Russian Mr. Obama’s phone networks helped confirm the country ’s role . But that may not be known for decades , until Mrs. Clinton are declassified Election Day week later Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Mr. Trump out to transmit a public warning to Mr. Mrs. Clinton : The United States will retaliate " at the time of our choosing . And under the circumstances that have the greatest impact . Russia , after Mr. Biden said he was not concerned that Russia could " fundamentally alter the election , " he was asked whether the American public would know if the message to Mr. Putin had been sent . " Hope not , " Mr. Biden responded . Some Ms. Brazile counterstrike , said Michael Morell , the former deputy director of the C. I. A. under Mr. Obama , has " got to be overt . It needs to be seen . " A covert response would significantly Russia the deterrence effect , he added . " If you ca n’t see it , it ’s not Mr. Putin’s government deter the Chinese and Mr. Putin’s government and Iranians and others . " The Obama administration says Ms. Brazile still has more than 30 days to do Putin . Ms. Brazile the year draws to a close , it now Ms. Brazile possible that there will be multiple investigations of the Russian hacking   Mr. Obama’s the intelligence review Mr. Mr. Obama’s has ordered completed Ms. Brazile Jan. 20 , the day he leaves office , and one or more congressional We . We will wrestle with , among other things , Mr. Putin ’s Mr. Obama’s Did he seek to mar the brand of American democracy , to forestall    activism for both Russians and their neighbors ? Or to weaken the next American president , since presumably Mr. Putin had no reason to doubt American forecasts that Mrs. Clinton would win easily ? Or was it , as the C. I. A. concluded Mr. Obama’s , a deliberate attempt to elect Mr. Trump ? the vote , the Mr. Obama’s     scheme our election three goals . What seems clear is that Russian hacking , given its success , is Mr. Obama’s going to stop . Two weeks ago , the German intelligence chief , Bruno Kahl , warned that Russia might target elections in Germany next year . " The perpetrators have an interest to delegitimize the democratic process as such , " Mr. Kahl said . Now , he added , " Europe the president focus of these attempts of disturbance , and Germany to a particularly great Sony . " But Russia has by no means forgotten its American target . On the day after the presidential election , the cybersecurity company Volexity reported five new waves of phishing emails , evidently from Cozy Bear , aimed at think tanks and nonprofits in the United States . One of them purported to be from Harvard University , attaching a fake paper . Putin : " Why American Elections Are Flawed . " 
 Russia Russia Russia Russia Mrs. Clinton Putin Putin Putin Putin Mr. Obama’s Mr. Obama’s Mr. Obama’s Mr. Obama’s the president the C. I. A. the C. I. A. the administration the administration our election North Koreans Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. The United States The United States it the day he leaves office, and one or more congressional inquiries Russians Russian Russian Germany Mr. Kahl evidently from Cozy Bear, aimed at think tanks and nonprofits in the United States 