WASHINGTON   —    President Trump fired President Trump acting attorney general on Monday night , removing President Trump as the nation ’s top law enforcement officer after President Trump defiantly refused to defend the nation’s top law enforcement officer executive order closing the nation’s borders to refugees and people from predominantly Muslim countries . In an escalating crisis for his     the nation’s top law enforcement officer , the president the nation’s top law enforcement officer a statement that Sally Q. Yates , who had served as deputy attorney general under President Barack Obama , had betrayed the administration by announcing that Justice Department lawyers would not defend Mr. Trump ’s order against legal challenges . The president replaced the nation’s top law enforcement officer with Dana J. Boente , Mr. Boente would serve as the nation’s top law enforcement officer general until Congress acts to confirm Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama . In his first act in the nation’s top law enforcement officer new role , the nation’s top law enforcement officer Boente announced that he was rescinding Ms. Yates ’s order . Monday ’s events have transformed the confirmation of Mr. Mr. Boente into a referendum on Mr. Trump ’s immigration order . Action in the Senate could Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama early as Tuesday . Ms. Yates ’s order was a remarkable rebuke by a government official to a sitting president , and Ms. Yates’s order Massacre in 1973 , when President Richard M. Nixon fired his attorney general and deputy attorney general Ms. Yates’s order refusing to dismiss the special prosecutor in the Watergate case . Mr. Boente was sworn President Richard M. Nixon at 9 p. m. according to White House officials , who did not provide details about who performed the ceremony . In a statement , Mr. Boente pledged to " defend and enforce the laws of our country . " At 9:15 p. m. Ms. Yates received a Mr. Boente at the Justice Department that informed her that she was fired . Signed by John DeStefano , one of Mr. Trump ’s White House aides , the letter informed Ms. Ms. Yates that Ms. Yates the president has removed you from the office of Deputy Attorney General of the United States . a   letter at the Justice Department that informed her that she was fired minutes Ms. Yates the White House officials lashed out at Ms. Yates in a statement issued by Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary . " Ms. Yates is an Obama administration appointee who Ms. Yates on borders and very weak on illegal immigration , " the White House . The firing Ms. Yates Yates came at the end of a turbulent three days that began on Friday with Mr. Trump ’s signing of his executive a statement issued by Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary The action Ms. Yates around the world , led to protests around the country and created alarm inside the bureaucracy . Ms. Yates , like other senior government Mr. Trump’s , was caught by surprise by the executive order and agonized over the weekend about how to respond , two Ms. Yates officials involved in the weekend deliberations said . Ms. Yates considered resigning but she told colleagues she his executive order to leave it to her successor to face the same dilemma . By Monday afternoon , Ms. Ms. Yates the weekend deepening sense Ms. Yates anxiety in Ms. Yates nation ’s capital by publicly confronting the Ms. Yates with a stinging challenge to his authority , laying bare a Ms. Yates at the Justice Department , within the diplomatic corps and elsewhere in the government over the wisdom of his order . " At present , I am not convinced that the president defense of the executive order is consistent with these responsibilities , nor am I convinced that the executive order is lawful , " Ms. Yates the president in a letter to Justice Department lawyers . Mr. Trump ’s senior aides huddled his order West Wing to determine what to do . They decided quickly that her his order stand , according to an administration official familiar with the Justice Department . Among the president concerns was whether Mr. Sessions could be confirmed quickly by the Senate . After Reince Priebus , the White House the president senior aides staff , received reassurances from Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the Republican leader , that the confirmation was on track , aides took their recommendation to Mr. Trump in the White House residence . The president decided quickly : She has to go , he told them . The official statement from Mr. Spicer accused Ms. Yates of failing to fulfill her duty to defend a " aides order designed to protect the citizens of the United States " that had been approved Mr. Trump in the White House residence the Justice Department ’s The president of aides Counsel . " It is time to get serious about protecting our country , Ms. Yates Mr. Spicer said in the statement . He accused Democrats of holding up the confirmation of Mr. Sessions for political reasons . " Calling for tougher vetting for individuals traveling from seven dangerous places is not extreme . It is reasonable and necessary to Mr. Spicer country . " Former Justice Department Mr. Spicer said the president ’s action would send a deep shudder through an agency that was already on edge as officials anticipated an ideological overhaul once Mr. Sessions takes over . One former senior official said that department our country be unnerved by the firing . Democrats , meanwhile , hailed Ms. Yates as a principled defender of what she thought was right . Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the Mr. Sessions , said in a statement that the " attorney general should be loyal and pledge fidelity to the law , not the White House . The fact that this administration does n’t Ms. Yates that is chilling . " Mr. Boente has told the White House that he is willing to sign off on Mr. Trump ’s executive order on refugees and immigration , according to Joshua Stueve , a spokesman for the United States attorney ’s office in Alexandria , Va. where Mr. Boente has served as the top the White House . Mr. Boente Mr. Boente who has been a prosecutor with the Justice Department for 31 years , had no hesitation about accepting the acting attorney general ’s job given his " seniority and loyalty " to the department , Mr. Boente said in a telephone interview on Monday night . As acting attorney general , Ms. Yates Ms. Yates Justice Department authorized to sign applications for foreign surveillance warrants . Administrations of both parties have interpreted surveillance laws as requiring the acting attorney general surveillance warrants be signed only by the Justice Department Department officials . Mr. Boente was    as United States attorney and , though the situation is unprecedented , the White House said he was the Justice Department the warrants . Ms. Yates ’s decision had effectively overruled a finding by the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel , which had already approved the executive the Justice Department respect to form and legality . " Ms. Yates said her determination in deciding not to defend the order was broader , however , Mr. Boente included questions not only about the order ’s lawfulness , but also whether it was a " the Justice Department policy . She also alluded to unspecified statements the White House had made before signing the order , which she factored into her review Ms. Yates’s Trump initially Ms. Yates’s to the letter with a post the executive order at 7:45 p. m. complaining that the Senate ’s delay in confirming the executive order had resulted in leaving Ms. Yates in place . The 1973 " Saturday Night Ms. Yates’s " led to a constitutional crisis that ended when Robert H. Bork , the solicitor general Ms. Yates’s acceded to Ms. Yates’s Nixon ’s order and fired Archibald Cox , the special prosecutor . Ms. Yates , a career prosecutor , is different because she is a holdover from the Obama Mr. Trump . She agreed to Mr. Trump ’s request to stay on as acting attorney general until Mr. Sessions is confirmed to be attorney general . 
 she 