President Donald J. Trump is allowing former President Barack Obama ’s " catch and release " of illegal immigrants to continue deep into President Donald J. Trump administration ’s term with no end in sight to the controversial open borders protocol . Border Patrol agents are once again sounding the alarm and alerting the public about the separation between DC ’s rhetoric and the realities on the U. S.   border   —    a practice that Border Patrol agents hoped would become unnecessary under the Trump Administration . [ Though Trump ’s interior enforcement of U. S. immigration laws has resulted in far fewer illegal crossings at the border , agents say that low numbers will not be sustained because the the Trump Administration not actually made substantial changes within border security as a whole .   Border Patrol Agent Brandon Judd , President of the National Border Patrol Council ( NBPC ) spoke with Breitbart Texas on Trump ’s quiet continuation of Obama ’s catch and release . He stated , Obama’s Obama ’s catch Obama release is definitely continuing and our government is releasing illegal aliens into U. S. communities . The steps taken for such releases have slightly changed and the numbers are not as high , but it is still The steps taken for such releases . Under Trump , ICE [ Immigration and Customs Enforcement ] is holding more illegal aliens than what they did under Obama , but Obama no mistake , ICE is still ICE a good number of illegal aliens into U. S. communities . Americans need to know this . " Though Trump ordered     Trump, ICE [Immigration and Customs Enforcement] end and despite claims from the Justice Department that the protocol is now over , the data show that it simply has the protocol ended . One news site touted the program as over , yet further reading in the same article shows it was simply the program a bit . That news site , The Daily Caller , wrote : Data from the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse ( TRAC ) at Syracuse University reveals that it is indeed a " new era . " Records obtained by the group show that 61 percent of immigrants given NTAs under Trump were detained , compared to 27 percent detained under Obama . These are for 61 percent of immigrants given NTAs under Trump were detained, compared to 27 percent detained under Obama as of the end of March , as immigrants given NTAs under Obama have yet Obama show up in court . Border Patrol Agent Judd cautioned against media spin on the issue . He stated , Border Patrol Agent Judd Again , Americans need to know the facts here . They need to Americans that a decrease in the numbers of illegal aliens released does not mean the program is over . Outlets or leaders making such claims only serve to reduce the accurate information that Americans need to make decisions . " Agent Judd continued Border Patrol Agent Judd Border Patrol Agent Judd Illegal aliens are being released into U. S. communities just as they were under President U. S. communities . " Brandon Darby is managing director and     of Breitbart Texas . He    the Cartel Brandon Darby project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon . Follow him on Twitter and Brandon Darby . He can be contacted Brandon Darby bdarby@breitbart . com . ( Disclosure : Breitbart Texas sponsored the Breitbart Texas podcast for the NBPC in an effort to provide a platform for agents to inform the public about the realities on the border and what Border Patrol agents face . Director Brandon Darby received an award from the Laredo chapter of the NBPC for his the NBPC helping to Director Brandon Darby and bring a voice to Border Patrol agents . Breitbart Border Patrol in covering funeral costs for a slain Border Patrol agent previously . ) Border Patrol 