The Washington Examiner has published an account of a meeting of the American Constitution Society   —    the left ’s version of the conservative Federalist Society of lawyers   —    at which participants discussed how to encourage the " deep state " to undermine President Donald Trump . [ Ryan Lovelace of The Washington Examiner reported Saturday :   Forlorn liberals took refuge at the American Constitution Society ’s national convention in Washington this week , discussing whether to encourage the growth of the " deep state " resistance inside the government or fight President President Donald Trump outside .    …      UCLA law professor Jon Michaels said he favors UCLA law professor Jon Michaels the Trump administration with liberals opposed to Trump ’s President Donald Trump . " We hear a lot of language about draining the swamp and this idea about a deep state that somehow was going to thwart the intentions or the political mandate of the president , " Michaels said UCLA law professor Jon Michaels " I kind of embrace this notion of the ‘ deep state . ’ " Michaels listed UCLA law professor Jon Michaels ideas UCLA law professor Jon Michaels how to ensure the success of the " deep state . " Act as a group   —    a department , across agency lines , as a community   —    rather than as an individual when pushing back against Trump from the inside , he said UCLA law professor Jon Michaels Once such a coalition is formed , he suggested UCLA law professor Jon Michaels rogue tweeting " or " leaking to the media " as options for fighting the president . Some present also discussed the possibility of using federalism to oppose Trump . Trump more than a century , liberals have opposed federalism , preferring rule by the federal government over allowing states to govern their own liberals . However ,    states like California have newfound enthusiasm for federalism   —    although    version has more to do with ignoring federal law altogether , rather than exercising state powers and prerogatives . Read the full Examiner article here . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was Joel B. Pollak one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is Joel B. Pollak    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on The Inside Story of a Revolution at @joelpollak . 
 