NBC News chairman Andy Lack said Tuesday that President Donald Trump " has us a bit more focused on temperament than us expected , " but NBC News chairman Andy Lack derided President Donald Trump ’s complaints about " fake news " and the role the media has played in covering the campaign and now the administration . [ " We ’re not the opposition party , and we ’re not in a popularity contest with this administration or any administration , " Lack said at a panel discussion at New York ’s IESE Business School , according to The Hollywood Reporter .   That referred to remarks made by White House chief strategist Steve Bannon in an interview in February , in which White House chief strategist Steve Bannon said , " I want you to quote this . The media here is the opposition party . the opposition party do n’t understand this country . the opposition party still do not understand why Donald Trump is the president of the United States . " This sentiment was later back by Donald Trump when he Donald Trump an interviewer , " I think the media ’s the opposition party in many ways . " Lack said an adversarial relationship between the press and the president is Donald Trump to our democracy . We go through periods where we ’re in the We , we ’re targeted . We " Here we are again , We he asserted . " Donald Trump ’re not going We be intimidated by that . I think it ’s a distraction from what we ’d like to We on , which is policy . " But NBC News has not always met that mark . According to the New York Post , the Wikileaks dump of Democratic National Committee emails included one from CNBC anchor John Harwood to Clinton campaign manager John Podesta saying , " Let ’s be honest , is this a    version of a presidential campaign ? " Another email to Podesta said , " Clinton campaign manager John Podesta imagine    …      that Obama feels some ( sad ) vindication at this demonstration of his    point about Obama opposition party veering off the rails . " On election night , Rachel Maddow said on MSNBC , " I mean , to have the first    president succeeded by a guy who was endorsed by the KKK    …      it ’s a big deal . " Earlier in the fall , Lawrence O’Donnell , also of MSNBC , called Trump MSNBC an imbecile candidate . " And before that , Maddow said , " Rachel Maddow ’ve been reading a lot about what it was like when Hitler first became chancellor . I think that ’s possibly where we are " if Trump is elected . 
 