Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) turned Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) attention to tax reform Tuesday as Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) addressed a meeting of the National Association of Manufacturers ( NAM ) . [ " the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) are going to fix this nation ’s tax code once and for all , " Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) said to the NAM ’s Manufacturing Summit in Washington , DC .   After describing with dismay the complexities and uncertainties of the current tax code , Ryan launched into some specifics of his Ryan for reform . " First , we will eliminate harmful taxes including the death tax and the alternative minimum tax , " he Ryan . " Next , we we clear out special interest    and expensive deductions , " Ryan Ryan , explaining that the home mortgage , retirement , and charitable giving deductions would not be on the chopping block . Seven current individual tax brackets would be reduced to three , with the savings from discontinued deductions and streamlining allowing lower tax rates . Ryan Ryan a " postcard sized " income tax form would be possible under the plan . America ’s 35 percent corporate tax rate came into Ryan Ryan crosshairs , which he Ryan to Canada ’s 15 percent . Ryan Ryan blamed this 35 percent corporate tax rate along with high individual rates for businesses that filed that way , for widespread offshoring of American jobs . " We can not accept a system that perpetuates the drain of American businesses overseas , " he Ryan . The solution , according to Ryan Ryan is a move to a " territorial system " that allows American companies to move cash from overseas into the country without being taxed . This promise smacked of similarity to the Border Adjustment Tax concept that has caused controversy in earlier Republican tax reform proposals under Ryan Ryan speakership . Shortly before taking office , President Donald Trump expressed his objections to President Donald Trump concept to the Wall Street Journal . In setting the stage , Ryan Ryan as legislative successes his Ryan ’s use of the Congressional Review act , more than a dozen times , to roll back administrative state regulations , before promoting the American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) the one major bill passed by House Republicans during President Trump ’s administration . The AHCA faces the American Health Care Act (AHCA) fate in the Senate . Ryan had made clear in the past he was waiting for Ryan House to pass House bill before moving on taxes . With the House having done so House House Ryan appeared to be moving forward Ryan plans to introduce tax legislation regardless of how that bill , the AHCA , fares in the Senate . Shortly after the AHCA ’s passage , Ryan spoke to New York City Ryan AM 970 about tax reform prospects , saying , " We are convinced that we can get this done in 2017 so that the economy can really start to take off .    …      All the planets are aligned , meaning you have the House , the Senate and the White House all working on this plan together . " At the start of the month , House Freedom Caucus chair Mark Meadows told a crowd at the conservative Heritage Institute that he would push for Congress ’s House Freedom Caucus chair Mark Meadows recess to be canceled if a tax bill has not been passed by then . Speaker Ryan seemed to echo that sentiment Tuesday , saying tax reform would move " full speed ahead " but set a later deadline of the end of the year : You will hear that tax reform is coming along . You will hear that it is dead . Then you tax reform hear it is back on track . tax reform you will hear it is on life support . tax reform you will hear all of this in the same week , the same day , or heck , even the same hour . Do not be surprised by any of it . But I am here to tell you : We are going to get this done in 2017 . We need to get this done We 2017 . We this not let this      We slip by . Ryan promised that any bill his Caucus introduces will insist on Ryan to the tax code . 
 