As an example of just how much the left hates Donald J. Trump , after becoming enraged because football great Jim Brown expressed kind words for Trump , a writer for SportingNews . com decided that Jim Brown ’s decades of work for civil rights was erased merely because the Hall of Famer was nice to Donald J. Trump . [ SportingNews writer David Steele began SportingNews writer David Steele January 18 piece noting that the Cleveland Browns star has been a candidate for the " Mount Rushmore of social , political and    activism . "   " If Jim Brown is not on the Mount Rushmore of social , political and    activism by athletes in our time ( up there with , at least , Muhammad Ali , Tommie Smith and John Carlos ) Jim Brown ’s on the short list waiting for a vacancy , " Steele wrote . But that adulation came to an abrupt end . " Jim Brown was , that is , " Steele continued . " Jim Brown himself is now the vacancy . " How could a man who spent nearly 50 years at the forefront of the civil rights movement be toppled from that place with just one action ? Jim Brown himself said nice things about Donald Trump . " Those are the consequences when you insert yourself into a feud between John Lewis and Donald Trump   —    and take the side of Donald Trump while insulting John Lewis , " Steele proclaimed . Steele , who once wrote for the Baltimore Sun , went on to " explain " Steele, who once wrote for the Baltimore Sun " reasons " for erasing 50 years of civil rights advocacy work , " There is simply no way to reconcile Brown ’s words , and all the others Brown has spouted in defense of the man who has spent the week insulting an icon of the movement , and this image , of the meeting Brown adjourned on behalf of Ali 50 years ago , when the same forces Lewis was fighting were coming after Ali Ali to the draft . " So , because Jim Brown a few nice things about Donald Trump and opposed the hateful attacks Congressman John Lewis launched against Trump , including Donald Trump outright lie that he never missed Congressman John Lewis past inaugural when he in fact Congressman John Lewis George W. Bush ’s for the same " he ’s illegitimate George W. Bush reason , Brown ’s Brown of good work has become meaningless . Brown has Brown a lot for his community Brown and was universally praised by civil rights activists for organizing sports figures to come to the aide of boxing great Muhammad Ali when his title was Muhammad Ali from him for Brown service in the Vietnam War in 1967 . The NFL great also founded the Black Economic Union to help promote    business in the nation ’s inner cities . But his founding Brown the     Foundation has done the most good , after he spent Brown trying to mitigate the    gang culture . " I was doing economic development for minorities . I was getting black folks to use their dollars to black folks each other . I looked up and saw black men killing each other over red and blue . Until we did something about that , there was no use for economic development , " Brown recently told the New York Daily News . Since its founding nearly the New York Daily News years ago ,     has improved the lives of gang members , prison inmates ,      kids and thousands of other people in more than a dozen states across the nation . The heart of     is a    course Brown created which Brown train young blacks to gain control of their emotions in young blacks to lead useful , productive lives . The program he developed helps Brown youth learn to keep a job , raise a family , and go back to school . But to David Steele , all that is meaningless . " That Jim Brown is Brown " Steele says at the David Steele of his hyperventilating and biased David Steele on Brown . In the Brown , though , one might doubt that a man who has 60 years of fame and achievement under his belt will be David Steele bothered by the words of a man with a failed newspaper career and who now writes for a sports website . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 