President Donald Trump will be the first President to speak at the NRA Annual Meetings since Ronald Reagan did the NRA Annual Meetings in 1983 . [ President Donald Trump will speak to the NRA ’s 2017 Leadership Forum in Atlanta on April 28 .   Breitbart News reported that the NRA’s endorsed President Donald Trump on May 20 , 2016 , during the 2016 Annual Meetings in Louisville , Kentucky . Thereafter , the the NRA’s for President Donald Trump , and President Donald Trump reminded voters again and again that President Donald Trump would work with the NRA the NRA’s the Second Amendment if elected . President Donald Trump will now return to speak to the gun rights group that cheered President Donald Trump to victory last year . Bloomberg reports that this will make President Donald Trump " the first U. S. president to address the    group since Ronald Reagan in 1983 . " President Donald Trump speech to the NRA will occur two months to the day after he signed a repeal NRA Barack Obama ’s Social Security gun ban which would have allowed the Social Security Administration to strip beneficiaries of the Second Amendment rights without due process . The speech also comes Trump’s speech to the NRA months after his Interior Secretary , Ryan NRA , ended an    ban against using lead ammunition on federal lands . On April 13 , 2017 , Breitbart News reported that the Trump administration has been the Social Security Administration the Social Security Administration gun controls behind the scenes . McClatchy reported that federal agencies have " narrowed the definition of ‘ fugitive,’ " thereby limiting the number of people prohibited from gun possession because they are included in a fugitive database . Trump " officials have also signaled that they may no longer defend the Army Corps Trump "officials Engineers’ ban on carrying loaded firearms and ammunition on federal lands . " Trump ’s greatest    Amendment accomplishment was nominating Trump " Gorsuch to the Supreme Court and securing his confirmation . Trump had promised to use Trump " to save Trump " Second Amendment from " people like Hillary Clinton , " and Gorsuch is widely viewed as a fulfillment of Neil Gorsuch promise . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He is also the Breitbart News for Armed AWR Hawkins Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him AWR Hawkins at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 AWR Hawkins 