Reverend Al Sharpton thinks that in order to win elections , Democrats must stop trying to get the " Archie Bunker " vote and instead focus on maximizing the party ’s minority vote .   During a Friday afternoon MSNBC appearance , Reverend Al Sharpton railed against elected officials and consultants who want Democrats to " try and become elephants with donkey skin on , " emphasizing that it was pointless to appeal to " Archie Bunker " voters who support President Donald Trump . Reverend Al Sharpton insisted that these " Archie Bunker " voters will never cast these "Archie Bunker" voters ballots for Democrats . Reverend Al Sharpton made Reverend Al Sharpton remarks a day after Republican Greg Gianforte won Republican Greg Gianforte special election for Montana ’s open House seat by six points even after Reverend Al Sharpton allegedly    a reporter the day before the election . In a recent interview with BuzzFeed , Sharpton said Hillary Clinton ’s biggest mistake in 2016 " was that Sharpton did not mobilize in the black community . " " You lost Michigan , by what , 15 , 000 , 20 , 000 votes ? You could ’ve got that if you mobilized two housing projects or three churches , " Sharpton told the    outlet . " Never touched you mobilized two housing projects or three churches . So in many ways I think that the whole question of , ‘ Oh we got ta reach out to the Appalachian and the blue collar workers and stop the identity politics’   —    well , that ’s one strategy . But what I ’m saying is that you never worked your own base . You took your base for granted , so it ’s not that you need to go another way , you did n’t identify with those in identity politics , that ’s why you had the lowest turnout you had around blacks in a long time . " Sharpton said though Clinton came to Clinton National Action Network convention , Clinton campaign " never engaged us in her campaign . " " And I think that ’s where they did the wrong math in the her campaign They assumed that they ’ll go get all of this because everybody will stay here : young voters , black voters , Latino voters , like Obama , and it did n’t happen , " he said . Obama Democrats plot their electoral strategies Democrats 2018 and 2020 , the party is split between those who want to double down on identity politics and those who think Democrats need to appeal more to    white voters . 
 