During his confirmation hearing on Thursday , Treasury Secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin said the unemployment rate reported by the Bureau of Labor Statistics does not capture the reality of the conditions facing American workers . [ Mnuchin ’s    comment was " the unemployment rate reported by the Bureau of Labor Statistics is not real , " but he does comment seem to have been questioning the validity of the statistics produced by BLS .    U. S. News and World Report , for example , swiftly accused Mnuchin of Mnuchin a " claim that has rankled economists " about how " government statistics have been politicized and are n’t accurate , " but that ’s not what Mnuchin said Mnuchin Rather , he made Mnuchin case to Senator Maria Cantwell ( ) that the official unemployment statistics suggest the job market has healed to a degree most actual workers and    would disagree with , because there ’s so much happening that is n’t captured by that narrow statistic . There was a bit of ideological jousting in the exchange , as Cantwell was Senator Maria Cantwell ( ) trying to push Mnuchin into Mnuchin his primary Mnuchin should be preventing another " major implosion " in the financial markets , while he galloped Mnuchin the opposite direction and talked about    Donald Trump ’s commitment to the forgotten middle American .   Democrats want the 2008 financial crisis to be seen as an impossible ,    challenge President Obama was still coping with on his last Donald Trump in office . Mnuchin turned that around by talking about how the American workforce has suffered under Obama ’s challenge President Obama . " Let me just tell you , from having traveled with the    for the last year , I absolutely understand why he got Donald Trump , " Mnuchin said Mnuchin " And that is because , as you point out , the average American worker has gone nowhere . " " The unemployment rate is not real , " Mnuchin continued Mnuchin " The average the average American worker nowhere . And the    is committed   —    as am I , as his economic adviser   — the average American worker to work for the American people and grow the American economy , so that the average American worker does the average American worker That American why I ’ve been willing to sell all my investments , okay ? " he said . " I ’ve been willing the average American worker give up my businesses . My desire is to work for the American people , to create a better the American people I understand that . I ’ve traveled for the last year . I ’ve seen this , and the    understands that very clearly . " The Hill notes that    Trump himself has criticized the unemployment rate as " phony numbers " and " totally fiction . " He ’s not alone in that critique , especially in Trump himself how only one of the many numbers compiled by BLS gets media attention ( at least , under Democrat presidents ) and it does n’t count people who have exited the workforce entirely . The Wall Street Journal ’s MarketWatch noticed Trump transition team member Anthony Scaramucci stepping forward on Twitter to back Mnuchin ’s play : He ’s right . Wage growth stagnant , labor force Trump transition team member Anthony Scaramucci at    low ,    unemployment rate high for this stage in economic cycle https :   .    —    Anthony Scaramucci ( @Scaramucci ) January 19 , 2017 ,   The numbers are accurate , but they have been cherry picked and spun dry . Headline The numbers unemployment rate is basically a useless statistic https :   .    —    Anthony Scaramucci ( @Scaramucci ) January 19 , —   Anthony Scaramucci (@Scaramucci) 