There is n’t any evidence to support President Trump ’s assertion that three to five million illegal votes were cast in the 2016 presidential election . But there is one study that has been interpreted to suggest it is at least possible . it found that between 32 , 000 and 2 . 8 million noncitizen voters might have fraudulently cast ballots in the 2016 presidential election . The study , based on a survey of 38 , 000 people after that election , the 2016 presidential election under fire since it was published in 2014 . Now even its authors concede that it probably overstated the it of noncitizen voting . " The    estimates are likely incorrect , " Jesse Richman , one of the    of the study and a political science professor at Old Dominion University , said in an email exchange on Wednesday . In a post online , he also said that Jesse Richman, one of the   of the study and a political science professor at Old Dominion University findings do not support Mr. Trump ’s contention that millions cast ballots illegally . Mr. Richman still maintains Jesse Richman, one of the   of the study and a political science professor at Old Dominion University small percentage of noncitizens vote in American elections . But the debate over this study has moved on . It ’s no longer about this study millions of illegal votes were cast , but whether there ’s any evidence for noncitizen voting at all . The study ’s bold claims this study because of something called response error : the possibility that people taking a survey do n’t answer a question correctly   —    in this case , a question about being American citizens . There is always a tiny amount of response error in surveys . Respondents might not understand the question . Or they might understand it , but Respondents the wrong the question by mistake , if the survey is   . An interviewer , if there is one , could accidentally record the wrong answer . Such errors the wrong answer a problem large enough to change the results of a survey . But both the survey and the question posed by researchers were unusual . The survey   —    the Cooperative Congressional Election Study   —    was huge , with 38 , 000 respondents in 2008 . And the group in question   —    noncitizens   —    was very small , just 339 of those respondents . The problem is that even a tiny amount of response error among the 38 , 000 respondents could have been enough to contaminate the results of the tiny group of noncitizens . Imagine , for instance , that 99 . 9 percent of people respond to the survey ’s citizenship question correctly . In such a big survey , even that high success rate would still imply that there were 38 respondents who answered incorrectly   —    enough to make up a big chunk of the tiny pool of 339 noncitizen respondents . If those 38 misreported noncitizens had indeed voted , then suddenly it would look as if 10 percent of those 38 misreported noncitizens had indeed voted voted . This critique could explain all of the noncitizen voting observed in the study . Critics of the study   —    Stephen Ansolabehere , the study scientist , Samantha Luks , a statistician at YouGov , and Brian   Schaffner , a political scientist at the University of Massachusetts Amherst   —    were able to marshal evidence strongly consistent with that possibility , because of the survey ’s unusual design : Thousands of voters are    in subsequent elections . That allowed the study ’s critics to check whether people were consistent about their answer on the citizenship answer from year to year people If the people were consistent , they were probably noncitizens . people were consistent about their answer on the citizenship answer from year to year , it would be the people sign that the category was contaminated by the tiny number of voters who misreported their citizenship . There was not much consistency . Between 2010 and 2012 voters 20 voters switched from being citizens to noncitizens ( an extremely unlikely transition ) and 36 others switched from noncitizens to citizens ( a more common transition , but one reported at a far greater rate than typically occurs ) . These shifting answers strongly bolster the theory that many of the respondents logged as noncitizens had responded in error . But most important , among the 85 respondents who said they were noncitizens in both 2010 and 2012   —    those most likely to really be noncitizens   —    none had voted in the 2010 midterm elections . The critics concluded that " the likely percent of noncitizen voters in recent U. S. elections is 0 . " In a response published in October , Mr. Richman and his colleagues did not contest the finding that measurement error Mr. Richman noncitizen voters . " The response error issues they focus on may have biased our numbers , " Mr. Richman said in an email to Mr. Richman New York Times on Wednesday . Mr. Richman and his colleagues have not estimated a new range of possible noncitizen voting . Instead Mr. Richman only to Mr. Richman the notion that there was no noncitizen voting . They argued that measurement error could n’t explain all of the people who said they were noncitizens and voted . When Mr. Richman came to hard evidence immune to the measurement error critique , Mr. Richman Mr. Richman his    found one validated 2012 voter who had indicated not being a citizen in both the 2010 Mr. Richman the same noncitizen had indicated in the survey that he or she was not registered to vote . The determination that he or she was a voter was based on voter records : The his to the survey were matched to a voter registration file . he or she that she noncitizen was erroneously matched to the voter file . The matching process is good but imperfect , and becomes harder with less information   the same noncitizen like the absence of a specific address a voter registration file birth . That the respondent said he or she was n’t registered certainly raises the possibility that the match was wrong . " I have n’t seen any evidence that I would say shows that any the respondent vote the respondent " Mr. Schaffner said . " That does n’t mean that the rate is exactly zero . But it does mean that it ’s    frequency that we ca n’t even measure it with traditional methods . " 
 the rate the rate the rate 