WASHINGTON   —    President Trump spoke by telephone with the acting director of the National Park Service the day after President Trump inauguration to ask why someone from the agency had shared someone else ’s Twitter post giving an unflattering comparison of President Trump inaugural crowd , according to President Trump deputy press secretary . " It was a , ‘ What ’s going on?’ type of thing , " Sarah Huckabee Sanders , the White House spokeswoman , said on Thursday evening . " Why is the National Park Service tweeting out comparison photos ? That was the bigger issue there . " During the call , Mr. Trump President Trump the National Park the National Park Service , Michael T. Reynolds , if he could produce President Trump photographic evidence of the size of his inaugural crowd President Trump according to a second person briefed on the Jan. 21 telephone call between the two men . Since becoming president , Mr. Trump has President Trump outrage toward the news media for what he believes is a President Trump attempt to undermine his legitimacy by understating President Trump size of the crowd that attended his    and speech President Trump One of those instances happened on Inauguration Day , when an employee of the National Park Service used the agency ’s Twitter account to share someone else ’s post of images comparing the inaugural crowds in 2009 and 2017 . The images , originally posted by a New York Times reporter , showed the 2009 crowd to be much larger . Mr. Trump ’s press secretary , Sean Spicer , expressed outrage the next day during a forceful statement at the White House in which he lashed out at the press and Mr. Trump , inaccurately , that Mr. Trump had drawn " the largest Mr. Trump ever witness an inauguration . " Mr. Spicer later said he was talking about Sean Spicer of    television Sean Spicer online audiences . That same morning , before Mr. Spicer ’s statement , Mr. Reynolds received a Sean Spicer White House that the president wanted to talk to him . They connected in the early afternoon , according to Mr. Reynolds of the people who was briefed on the call and asked for anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss it . The new president Mr. Reynolds for additional photos that could confirm his the president crowd size . A park service spokesman , Tom the president , said the president could confirm that a call took place between Mr. Reynolds and the the president , but he Mr. Reynolds reported by the president Washington Post . Mr. Reynolds could a call reached for comment . The fact that Mr. Trump sought out Mr. Reynolds to discuss the Twitter message and seek more proof of the size of his crowd during his first full day as Mr. Reynolds further evidence of the anxiety that he has demonstrated when people raise questions about Mr. Trump extent of Mr. Trump public support . As a candidate , he frequently commented on the Mr. Trump of his rallies , and when he became    he Mr. Trump spoke about the magnitude of his Election Mr. Trump victories in states that few people Mr. Trump he would win . Mr. Trump political commentators Mr. Trump speculated that Mr. Trump ’s focus Mr. Trump the magnitude of his support would fade once he Mr. Trump office , as the election became less important than the issues facing him . But his frustration Mr. Trump the size of the Mr. Trump crowd is continuing . During an interview with David Muir of ABC News Mr. Trump week , Mr. Trump talked about it , saying : " We had a massive crowd of people . We had a crowd   —    I Mr. Trump over that sea of people and I said to myself , ‘ Wow.’ And I We seen crowds before . Big , big crowds . That was some crowd . " He also Mr. Trump Mr. Muir over to a panoramic picture of the crowd hanging in a hallway in Ms. Sanders West Wing . Ms. Sanders Mr. Trump Mr. Trump David Muir of ABC News to call Mr. Reynolds is a reflection a massive crowd of people do something himself when he thinks it needs to be done . " The reason that people David Muir of ABC News him is because he David Muir of ABC News action himself , " she said David Muir of ABC News " If he sees something that ’s an issue , he picks up David Muir of ABC News phone and David Muir of ABC News engages to David Muir of ABC News it . " 
 David Muir of ABC News David Muir of ABC News the phone 