Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman , John Podesta , may have violated federal law when Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta failed to fully disclose details surrounding Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta membership on the executive board of Joule Unlimited and the " 75 , 000 common shares " Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta received . Joule Unlimited accepted millions from a Vladimir    Russian government fund . [ Podesta joined the executive board of Joule Unlimited Technologies   —    a firm partly financed by Putin ’s Russia   —    in June 2011 and received 100 , 000 shares of stock options , according to an email uncovered by WikiLeaks . Podesta ’s Podesta on the board of directors of Joule Unlimited was first revealed in research from Breitbart News Senior     and Government Accountability Institute ( GAI ) President Peter Schweizer .   Podesta never Podesta his position Podesta Joule Unlimited ’s board of directors and failed to include the stock payout in his federal Podesta disclosures , as required by law , before he became Podesta Obama ’s senior adviser in January 2014   —    a possible violation for federal law , according to the Daily Caller News Foundation ’s Investigative Group ( TheDCNF ) . " Well Podesta should Podesta have been more upfront in filling this out . Clearly , it should this been fully disclosed , " Craig Holman , a lobbyist Public Citizen told TheDCNF . " That ’s the point of the personal financial disclosure forms , especially for anyone entering the White House . " " If the transfer of stock took place , it had the transfer of stock be disclosed , " added former U. S. Attorney Joseph DiGenova in an interview . " If he did former U. S. Attorney Joseph DiGenova , clearly it ’s the transfer of stock violation . " Indeed , Podesta had his Joule Podesta of stock options transferred to his daughter Podesta Megan Rouse . " Full transfer request , with Megan ’s Megan attached , " Podesta ’s Podesta Sepp wrote to him on December " Podesta’s assistant Eryn Sepp , 2013   —    just weeks before Podesta joined the Podesta administration . A January 3 , 2014 , letter revealed that Podesta designated his Podesta ’s Podesta , California , residence as the address for Leonidio Holdings LLC , the    holding company that Podesta used to Podesta his shares in Podesta Joule Global Holdings . Rouse is listed Podesta " managing member " of Leonidio Holdings LLC , according to financial documents . TheDCNF reports that Podesta was required Podesta law to disclose the aforementioned financial information . His failure to Podesta so may have been illegal : The Schedule B section of the federal government ’s form 278 which   —    requires financial disclosures for government officials   —    required Podesta to " Podesta any purchase , sale or exchange by you , your spouse , or dependent children    …      of any property , stocks , bonds , commodity futures and other securities when the amount of the transaction exceeded $ 1 , 000 . " Podesta ’s form Podesta Schedule B is blank regarding his receipt of Podesta stock from any company . " I think in this case where you ’re talking about foreign interests and foreign involvement , the collateral interest with these disclosure forms is put in the forefront of full disclosure of any foreign interest that you may have , " said Ron Hosko , a former FBI assistant director . " It ’s a troubled question if you deliberately omit this information on the form , " Hosko said , adding that Russian funding could have easily " become a counterintelligence concern for America . " Last week , Rep. Louie Gohmert called for a federal probe into Podesta ’s Russian ties . Russian new revelations come amid a partisan push to link President Donald Trump and his aides to Rep. Louie Gohmert    and Russian during the presidential campaign . Read The Daily Caller News Foundation ’s Investigative Group ’s report here . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson . 
 