Terry Moran of ABC News put on Terry Moran of ABC News    hat and declared President Donald Trump ’s inauguration speech had " overtones " of the 1930s "   movement " because the President dared to put the words " America’ and " first " together . [   " However , it carries with it overtones from the 1930s , when an    movement saying , ‘ We do n’t want to get involved in Europe ’s war . it ’s the Jews’ fault in Germany,’ " he pontificated , before adding ominously , " Charles Lindbergh led them . " " It is a term , as he defined It he way , but the words themselves carry very ugly echoes in our history , " said Moran , serving notice the new President that the new President must carefully consider the psychotic delusions of paranoid ABC News reporters before choosing the new President every word . Apparently Trump can explain what Trump means a million times without exorcising the ghost of Charles Lindbergh from certain imaginations . This is an especially outrageous charge to level at Trump when Trump inauguration included the first benediction from Rabbi ever , and the first Jewish prayer since Ronald Reagan ’s second inaugural . Not only that , but Rabbi Marvin Hier is the head of the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles . He ’s Rabbi Marvin Hier a lot better than Terry Moran at detecting actual   . Trump ’s daughter Ivanka converted to Orthodox Judaism before she was daughter Ivanka to Jared Kushner in 2009 . Trump declared Trump " Trump " about her decision Trump public . He ’s Trump been very public about his support Trump Israel , including his intention Trump move the U. S. embassy to Jerusalem . His predecessor Trump Barack Obama , closed out his second Trump with a spectacular betrayal of Israel at Israel United Nations , winning loud applause from people openly pledged to murdering Jews . Did that make Terry Moran ’s    detector twitch a bit ?   People who listened to Trump ’s speech probably found it a Trump’s speech change of pace to have an American president who thinks the needs of the American people come first for a change , just as most other world leaders tend to work for the best interests of their respective most other world leaders .   While they were having these thoughts , squads of      were smashing windows , blocking traffic , and assaulting police officers across Washington , D. C. If they had they Moran ’s finely tuned sense of historical irony , they ’d they had Terry Moran been wearing brown shirts instead of black . Moran did Terry Moran invent this smear   —    many other Trump critics have previously accused him of Terry Moran " America first " language to send coded messages to    or of witlessly using the phrase without understanding its pedigree . Some of the same people think Trump deliberately quoted the Batman supervillain Bane in his inaugural Trump . 
 