The New York Times reported Tuesday evening that President Donald Trump had a private conversation with former FBI director James Comey in which President Donald Trump allegedly expressed his President Donald Trump hope " that Comey would " let go " of the investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn . Flynn former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn reportedly resigned the day before . [ It turns out that Comey Comey the a private conversation with former FBI director James Comey in which the president allegedly expressed his "hope" that Comey would "let go" of the investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn a memorandum , " part of a paper trail " he reportedly Comey to release later to tell his side Comey the story in the event things went awry   —    which , as the world now knows , it did his side of the story in the event ( The White House has rejected Comey ’s Comey the conversation , which took place in the Oval Office . )   The Times identifies its source as The Times one of Mr. Comey ’s Comey who did not provide a copy of the memo but read it aloud on the telephone The Times The Drudge Report calls the story " Comey ’s revenge , " Comey thus it would seem to be . If anything justifies President Trump ’s decision to fire Comey , it would be Comey effort to leak details of their private conversations to the media with the obvious intention of causing the maximum political damage to the president . But this President Trump’s a rather dull blade . It lacks any apparent " quid this dagger quo "   —    a sense that Trump was offering something to Comey President Trump’s exchange for dropping the investigation . Trump had already suggested in January President Trump’s he would keep Comey on in President Trump’s job as Comey director the President Trump’s in the memorandum happened in February . Moreover , the Times seems to oversell the story , interpreting the word " hope " as a request . Assuming , for the sake of argument , that the Comey memo is accurate , what President Trump’s says   —    " I hope you can let this go    …      I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go , to letting Flynn go    …      He is a good guy . I hope you can let this go . "   —    is never actually framed as a request at all . Yet the Times calls it a " request " and the Times effort to interfere in the investigation . That is a rather liberal ( pun intended ) spin on Trump ’s words . Democrats , predictably , are pouncing on the story . But so far , is just the latest hysterical episode in their effort to deny the legitimacy Democrats the November election . If this is the best that Comey ’s " paper trail " can produce , his " revenge " may backfire Comey at least in political terms . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the Joel B. Pollak most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of How Joel B. Pollak Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . The Inside Story of a Revolution 