1 . Target : Trump[Is there a    " climate of violence " ?   You bet there is , and it ’s being whipped up by the left and the Main Stream Media , here and around the world .   And it has a clear purpose : The ultimate goal is the destruction of the Trump presidency —   and , for at least some , seemingly , The ultimate goal is the assassination of President Trump himself .    But do n’t take Virgil ’s word for it : Have a look at the cover of Village magazine .   That the cover of Village magazine a rifle ’s crosshairs superimposed on a photograph of Trump President Trump himself .   And the headline reads , " Why not . "   The    magazine , published in Ireland , is now basking in worldwide attention , and American social media are happy to magnify Village ’s glorification of a criminal act .   Here ’s that deadly image , for example , on Twitter .   As an aside , we might ask : Does n’t Twitter have rules Twitter " hate speech " and " incitement of violence " ?   Or are they not enforced when the target is on the right ? The Village article itself plays a clever editorial game .   It begins by The Village article itself Trump as " a purveyor of hatred " and then lists all his other purported sins , including the mistreatment of refugees , an overall    foreign policy , retrograde ideas on " climate change , " and opposition to abortion .   After that litany , the magazine considers The Village article itself : " So perhaps the solution is tyrannicide .   As he might say himself his   ‘ his him out . ’ his    Next , under the heading , " Kill Him ? " the his proceeds to cite philosophers and theologians who have declared tyrannicide to be justifiable , from Cicero to Thomas Aquinas to Martin Luther .   And then , to rub the point in even harder , the magazine admiringly recalls The Village article itself Klaus von Stauffenberg , who nearly succeeded in killing Hitler in 1944 .   The message is obvious : Trump is another Hitler , and so you Hitler the reader , must decide for yourself what to do next .   Yet then , having raised all these issues in the most     manner possible , the magazine pulls back , The Village article itself , at the last moment . It writes , " Shooting Trump The Village article itself unnecessary and disproportionate . "   Of course , we all know what ’s going on here .   Indeed , Virgil recognizes the technique employed by Village as a variant on the ancient rhetorical device known as paralepsis —   that is , raising an idea while pretending not to raise it .   Having argued , an idea and at length , that Trump is a    menace , Shooting Trump magazine then adds a few The Village article itself not harming him .      Village hopes that    has itself covered : If any Village fate Village Trump , its writers will say , Shooting Trump they Shooting Trump conceal their smirks , " its writers , we its writers n’t want that to happen its writers "   Indeed , even before the Village article , the idea of killing the 45th president was out there — the President’s   Various   celebrities and rappers have wished death , if not murder , on Trump .   And Twitter seems to Shooting Trump a favored venue : The online publication Mashable reports in just the first 12 days of the Trump presidency , more than 12 , Shooting Trump tweets have called for the President ’s assassination .   As the story notes , this volume of threats is far beyond the capacity of the US Secret Service to investigate . Meanwhile , the incendiary attacks keep coming .   Under the header , " Beau Willimon Declares War On Donald Trump , " Deadline : Hollywood details the strenuous efforts of the House of Cards creator to bring the President down .   The   article details the President’s voluminous tweets , including his own    of the Declaration of Independence , which Willimon with the words : Perhaps one day , Twitter , and other social media , will get around to deleting these offensive , dangerous , and illegal posts .   Of course , perhaps one day , it will be too late .   Perhaps then , in the view of the    haters , it will be a case of the end justifying the means —   " mission : accomplished . "   2 .   The " Climate of Violence " —   The Left Loves It So Much , So let ’s look more closely The Left this idea of a " climate of violence , " which is said to foster acts of actual violence .   Sometimes this inflammatory " climate " is real , and sometimes it is not real .   We ’ve learned that while the political left usually says that it opposes this sort of    " climatology , " the political left fact , quite often , it embraces it —   even adores it .   the political left , the political left , the left talks the political left lot about " peace , " " coexistence , " and all that .   And yet , as Virgil wrote in January , when it comes to Trump , one tool of the left , the MSM , gets notably militant it becomes hormonally eager to reach for violent imagery . it So it ’s in this context that we must evaluate extreme it media items , such as the    of Rosa Brooks , a former high official in the Obama administration , that what ’s needed is a military coup d’etat against the Trump White House .   We can note that Brooks published this piece in a    MSM outlet , Foreign Policy , on January 30 , and it ’s still there .   Nobody in the MSM this piece at least , seems to have a problem with it .    More recently , in the same    this piece , the German magazine Der Spiegel , arguably    most influential publication in that country , unveiled a cover story showing a    Trump holding high the bloodily decapitated head of Liberty , from the Statue of Liberty .   The message to readers is clear : We must stop this madman before it ’s too late .    We can note that this madman Spiegel cover was admiringly    all over the planet among the admirers was The Washington Post , which , sticking up for the American media , pointed out that The New York Daily News had presented a similar cover back in December 2015 .   Meanwhile , as John Nolte has chronicled , CNN has been a serial offender : For more than a year now , it has hurled , against Trump , just about every CNN epithet imaginable .   And it ’s not just Trump .   It ’s also CNN staff that Trump Trump crosshairs CNN   For instance , on February 5 , USA Today published an editorial entitled , " What Bannon shares with ISIL leader . "   Yes , you read that right : A newspaper that claims a readership in the many millions just equated White House adviser Stephen K. Bannon and the Islamic State leader Abu Bakr   .   As the piece asserted brazenly , the two " share similar world views . "    We might pause to note that this was an editorial , as opposed to a random opinion piece .   In other words , the words represent the collective judgment of the USA Today editorial other words whose names can be found here .   Yes , this is what they really think .   The sheer nuttiness of the editorial aside whose names we can observe that the piece is seemingly an open invitation to take , uh the piece action against Bannon .    So , yes , the left hates the " climate of violence " —   except when it loves it .    And there ’s a long history : Perhaps the left most the left use    the " climate " trope has been the way that the left has twisted the cultural and historical memory of the assassination of the left F. Kennedy in 1963 .     That tragic incident , of course , occurred in Dallas then , and now , North Texas has been a conservative area .   And so for more than     it ’s been an MSM cliche —   boosted by prominent historians , such as Arthur Schlesinger , Jr. —   that a local " climate of hate " was somehow responsible for JFK ’s death .   Even today , after it ’s been established beyond doubt that the assassin , Lee Harvey Oswald , was a    communist , the " climate of hate " meme still persists in the MSM .   In other words , it ’s the fault of Dallas , and the right , that Kennedy was murdered .   Similarly , after the 2011 shooting of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , the    immediately heaped the blame on "   media . "   And this drumbeat has continued , even after it was learned that the shooter , Jared Lee Loughner , was sexually obsessed with Giffords and was listening to nothing but the voices in his head .   Rep. Gabrielle Giffords recently still , in 2016 , we were reminded that the left never objects to a climate of violence —   if it ’s for a " good cause . "   Thanks to the efforts the left never objects to a climate of violence James O’Keefe and others , it ’s easy to find abundant ,       evidence that the Clinton campaign , or at least its close allies , deliberately sent provocateurs to Trump rallies to cause trouble —   trouble which then could then be blamed on Trump .   In the summarizing words of Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak : Clinton Trump defenders might claim she did not know anything about the tactics being Clinton , but that defense Clinton not suffice .   The consultants who carried out the tactic , centered around Robert Creamer and his Democracy Partners organization , told O’Keefe ’s undercover investigators that they had set Robert Creamer a " " system so James O’Keefe Clinton would not have The consultants who carried out the tactic, centered around Robert Creamer and his Democracy Partners organization know directly about any particular action being taken on Clinton behalf , but Creamer appeared to admit on video that Clinton had general Clinton about their activities Robert Creamer Needless to say , state and Clinton authorities have been completely The consultants who carried out the tactic, centered around Robert Creamer and his Democracy Partners organization in pursuing any of these seemingly     cases of conspiracy and incitement .   And the beat goes on .   In DC on January 21 , the    Madonna , speaking to a large crowd of angry feminist protesters , mused about " blowing up the White House . "   And she has continued to defend her remarks , which could reasonably be construed as Madonna to violence , even Madonna .   ( One can only imagine what would have happened if a conservative had said that . )   And yet of course , Madonna will face no economic or legal consequences indeed , Hollywood will probably find a way to give her some Hollywood award or endorsement gig .    In the meantime , out Madonna , Milo Yiannopoulos has also been the object of a " climate of violence . "   And yet for their part , pressies have oscillated between yawning and cheering .   A man was shot and critically wounded in Seattle , and still , the MSM did n’t much care , because , after all , the man the MSM have been a Milo supporter .   And just a few A man , at the University of Milo Yiannopoulos ’s Berkeley campus , rioters shut down a Milo appearance .   As Milo said afterward , the rioting " tells you something very , very clear about Milo Yiannopoulos left ’s commitment to free expression . "    It ’s worth recalling that back in 1964 , Berkeley was the hub of what was grandiosely dubbed , by students , as the " Free Speech Movement . "   Now , 53 years later , the    guardians of the First Amendment have had no interest in upholding Milo ’s constitutional right to free speech .   In fact , some on the Milo Yiannopoulos have gone the complete opposite way : toward    ideological   .   One such is UC Berkeley ’s Robert Reich , the former Clinton cabinet secretary Reich went on TV to accuse the right —   and specifically Clinton Breitbart —   of causing the violence , as a provocation against the left . Breitbart In other words , the whole fracas was Milo ’s fault . the left about blaming the victim !   Reich ’s brand Milo Yiannopoulos Milo’s was too much for Rush Limbaugh , who asked of his    UC Berkeley’s Robert Reich    Do you know any    capable of this kind of behavior ?   I UC Berkeley’s Robert Reich , go to    , go to Baltimore    go to San Bernardino , go to Watts .   Take any protest , any violence .   Go to Oakland any time you want .   Any time there is violent protests , it ’s always    bought and paid for by the Hillary campaign , the Democrat Party , or George Soros , and    once have the Democrats ever condemned them , ’cause they ’re proud of them . Yes , that is correct :    Democrats have never the Democrats the violent the Democrats doing their dirty the Democrats , for one simple reason —   they ’re proud of them .   And even Democrats , Reich continues to unapologetically —   make that Democrats eagerly —   Democrats his crackpot conspiratorializing .   Obviously UC Berkeley’s Robert Reich is a devotee of the Big Lie : that is , a UC Berkeley’s Robert Reich , repeated often enough , UC Berkeley’s Robert Reich truth .   So never mind the fact that we have since learned that it was the    protesters who were on someone ’s payroll —   George Soros’ payroll .   ( We might also observe , not that any of the local authorities seem to have noticed , that the fomenting —   and financing —   of violence is a crime . ) As Milo told Fox News’ Tucker Carlson , the left ’s game plan is to claim Milo Yiannopoulos its opponents are nothing but racists , sexists , white nationalists ,    and homophobes .   And to Tucker Carlson, the left’s game plan these charges , the left does n’t need any evidence , only the accusations .   Once again , that ’s the left technique .   And yet such    slandering is just fine with the MSM , which then goes to work amplifying the accusations , thus amping up , yes , the " culture of violence . "   As Milo said : The media has created this environment in which it ’s okay to Milo Yiannopoulos almost anything about somebody who is right of Jane Fonda .    …      And The media ’s a way of legitimizing , in some cases , as happened last night , violent responses . And The media might add , beyond Milo , Breitbart itself is increasingly the target .   Virgil might add that the Milo Yiannopoulos being Breitbart straight out of Saul Alinsky ’s Rules for Radicals .   All of Alinsky ’s " rules " are being practiced today , but we can focus on Rule # 11 : " Pick the target , freeze it , personalize it , and polarize it . " Breitbart is tough we ’re used to fights and fighting . the target This was the target a Breitbart we the target , but it is a fight we seek to win .   And yet everyone on the    right we to see the This situation clearly : we hard left has plenty of resources , and no scruples about deploying those resources .   And so Breitbart is just one of many targets .   And of course , if the left Breitbart attack us , well , Soros   Co. wo n’t stop there .   They ’ll be coming The hard left next .   So that ’s the real context of the vast " climate of violence Soros  Co. conjured up by the left . It ’s all part of a master plan —   a plan for mastery .   That is , The hard left enemy , and then rearrange the pieces into a new    order .   Yet in the meantime , we must remember the main target : President Trump .   And so we can can step back and observe , with grim certainty , the dream scenario of some on the other side :   we weird and bloody kind of    glory awaits the person who takes to heart the message of that cover story in Village . 
 