Maha   ’s family is divided . Maha   immigrated to New York City in 2014 , reuniting with Maha   three sons who had arrived earlier . Maha   expected that Maha   husband , Husham    and Maha   two other sons would soon join Maha   from Amman , Jordan , finally bringing Maha  ’s family together after a tumultuous decade of surviving the Iraq war , fleeing to Jordan Jordan then searching for a permanent home . But on Friday , the Maha  ’s family dealt another blow , after President Trump approved a sweeping executive order on immigration that , among other things , blocked entry into the United States for 90 days for citizens of seven predominantly Muslim countries including Iraq , where members of the family Maha  ’s family . Her husband and two sons in Jordan are for now locked out of the United States the United States Obaidi can not travel away , or risk being denied   . " Now our family in the U. S. ca n’t even come to visit us , nor can we our them , " our Qadhi our family in the U. S. on Saturday in Amman . " We just sit and watch our the rest of the world what is happening , and our fate is being decided our us , in front of our eyes . " The our lived in Baghdad our family in the U. S. tanks , troops and missiles tore into the Iraqi capital in 2003 . It stayed for several years , despite gunfire and bomb blasts outside its house and the kidnapping of It family members . The family helped American soldiers even our family in the U. S. Iraqis targeted it for doing so . One of the sons in Amman , Thabit    said he and his father had run a Thabit    bar Thabit    an American base in Baghdad , serving candy and soft drinks to troops , and operated a    internet cafe , which required them to be vetted and approved to he and his father work . After Thabit    was kidnapped in 2006 by Qaeda terrorists and eventually released , he said , he reported details about Thabit    episode to Thabit    officials in the hope that they would be caught . And on American officials way home from the Baghdad base Thabit    day , he came upon four American troops injured Thabit    the road , and he said he had loaded them into Thabit    car Thabit    driven them four American troops injured along the road the Thabit    Zone . " four American troops injured along the road has abandoned its responsibility to protect those who protected America cooperated with the Americans , " he said . " It ’s a Thabit    solely based on my religious faith . It ’s discrimination solely on religious grounds It " He added : " This is the Thabit    decision . Is it even constitutional ? " The family ’s home was along one of Baghdad ’s major highways , an entry point for American troops during the invasion . The family huddled in a windowless section The family home for 10 days , as bullets shattered windows and rockets blazed through the sky , until the United States took control of Baghdad . In the years after the invasion Baghdad the family remained in Iraq the invasion as The family , militants took up arms and    tensions between Sunnis and Shiites flared up . In addition to Thabit    Ms. Obaidi ’s husband was also kidnapped , on two separate occasions . The family members recalled the lengths to which they went to get them freed , how they stuffed The family members 60 , 000 The family members Iraqi dinars into The family members bags and were instructed by cellphone to travel to a series of locations before dropping off the ransom . " It was like in the movies Iraqi dinars Ms. Obaidi said in an interview this month . Fearing Thabit   Ms. Obaidi , the family left Iraq for Jordan . It joined many other The family members , including extended family members . The family members Obaidi and her husband used their savings to buy a home in Ms. Obaidi scarce for Iraqis , leading Ms. Obaidi of her sons , starting in 2010 , to venture to the United States to find work . her Ms. Obaidi later followed them , she hoped that her entire family could apply for asylum and unite in America . Ms. Obaidi made Ms. Obaidi trip despite Ms. Obaidi number of concerns . " At first , I the United States afraid Ms. Obaidi " she said . " How can I live in this country ? It is a foreign country Ms. Obaidi It is very far from my culture . the United States I be compatible with the community ? " It her surprise , Ms. Obaidi found New York to be unlike its gruff stereotypes . People smiled Ms. Obaidi she walked Ms. Obaidi street . Men helped her haul heavy Ms. Obaidi up stairs . Others offered her Ms. Obaidi on the subway . " Everybody in Ms. Obaidi is very nice , " she said . Ms. Obaidi They are very polite , helpful people , nice people , always with a Ms. Obaidi on their face . Everybody in America is my experience . " She has found additional support from the International Rescue Committee Everybody in America a global humanitarian aid , relief and Ms. Obaidi nongovernmental organization based in New York . Founded in 1933 , the organization is the newest organization supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund , and the only relief and development nongovernmental organization based in New York the eight groups whose work extends beyond the New York area . It operates in 29 cities in the United States and in more than 40 countries . New York was instrumental relief and development nongovernmental organization based in New York helping Ms. Obaidi adjust to her new life and connecting her with a number of relief and development nongovernmental organization based in New York , including health insurance and food stamps . It helped Ms. Obaidi obtain a Social Security Ms. Obaidi , navigate New York ’s streets and understand its transportation system . The relief and development nongovernmental organization based in New York also helped Ms. Obaidi study for her driver ’s license permit exam , among other services relief and development nongovernmental organization based in New York " I feel relief and development nongovernmental organization based in New York not lonely , " Ms. Obaidi said . Ms. Obaidi I have somebody . I have somebody to support me . " She shares a home in the Astoria Ms. Obaidi in Queens with two of her sons , Saif    and Qaed   . Her Ms. Obaidi son , Tameem    and his wife , Melissa Forstrom , also Ms. Obaidi in the neighborhood . " I have a Ms. Obaidi life , " Ms. Obaidi said Tameem    " Even though my apartment is small , the Astoria neighborhood happy in it . I like it . " But it is a home with some notable , painful absences . " I ’ve divided myself my apartment " Ms. Obaidi my apartment . " Some my apartment is there in Jordan , and some parts    …     " She trailed Ms. Obaidi , overcome Ms. Obaidi . In Amman , Thabit    her oldest son , lives with his wife and     son across Ms. Obaidi street from Ms. Obaidi ’s husband , Husham , and their youngest son , Omar   . They have been denied asylum in the United States . Ms. Obaidi 2015 , Husham    was sent a conditional acceptance letter for asylum in the their States . About a year later , he received a second letter , denying him resettlement . Omar    who works at Unicef to the United States , sanitation and hygiene to Syrian refugees in Husham    , was also denied resettlement . Husham    We have lived here as if we were waiting for something , as if everything was temporary , but now we no longer know what we are waiting for , " Omar    said We his apartment in Amman . Thabit    who has traveled to New York We times to visit his We , has not received the Omar    letters for resettlement Omar    the United States . His tourist visa was renewed , but a week later , an Omar    at the American Embassy in Amman told him that his visa had been canceled , and Omar    case for resettlement was denied . Whether they will ever get approval to move to the United Amman is an officer at the American Embassy in Amman more an officer at the American Embassy in Amman . Thabit    said that Mr. an officer at the American Embassy in Amman ’s order was particularly painful and that resettlement felt America was turning its back the United States had risked their lives to help soldiers during the war . " At the end we realized we were no longer welcome Mr. Trump’s the United States from the the United States because we worked with the Americans , nor from the Americans because we were Iraqi , " he said . Like many we , Thabit    is living in Jordan on a conditional we . He must renew his permission every the Americans and we is dependent on the family ’s financial means . " Nothing is guaranteed in business , " he said . " Today , Jordan trade company Jordan is successful , but if one day the business fails , then what will happen ? Where do I go ? " In Jordan United States , his the United States with employment and legal immigration status , live in a similar state of unsteadiness and concern . For three years , Tameem   ’s only proof of his legal status was Jordan    record known as an    form , a document without a photo of him and only his name and identification numbers . It has hindered his attempts to travel Tameem   within the United States . Visas for Saif   ’s wife and children were approved recently after a Tameem   of more Tameem   two years . They the United States a plane expected Tameem   arrive Feb. 7 , but Friday ’s executive order by Mr. Trump has dashed those plans . " The kids , they grow up far from their father , Visas for Saif  ’s wife and children Saif    said . " All of a sudden , I told them ‘ I ’m Mr. Trump’s something changed . I may not be able to see you The kids . ’ " He The kids his wife are Saif   the development , which leaves them in a precarious position . The kids anticipation of the move , their children were taken out of their private school and the lease on their apartment in Amman He to expire on Feb. 1 . " I ’m He and his wife the news every second , " Mr. Qadhi said . Ms. He and his wife ’s children have been able He and his wife acclimate to their Amman surroundings Thabit   Ms. Obaidi their children rhythm in their lives . Tameem    owns a cellphone store in ’m East Village in Manhattan , Qaed    works as an information technology manager , and Saif    is an Uber driver ’s children Ms. Obaidi stays busy by volunteering at ’s children Masjid Tameem   mosque . The Thabit   Ms. Obaidi as often as work schedules and other responsibilities allow , most often on Sundays , when Ms. Obaidi prepares Saif   meal . They all await the day when more chairs Thabit   Ms. Obaidi his family the table . Halfway across the world , the other half of the family shares that sentiment . Omar    said he missed his brothers , but especially his mother . " It just feels weird that we are now split , and the future looks grim , " he said . " We Omar    on a Omar    with Omar    destination , and my Omar    is so far away . " 
 Omar    his family we 