The Washington Post is drumming up hysteria over an American labor shortage if the    foreign guest worker visa is limited by the Trump Administration , despite no evidence indicating a crunch . [ In a piece chronicling a    worker in the U. S. on an    visa , The Washington Post pleads for the expansion of the program , with language already in a    omnibus spending bill that would do the same .   The the   foreign guest worker visa more than 66 , 000 foreign nationals to the U. S. the U. S. jobs each year . The visa impacts the   foreign guest worker visa and poor most in the hospitality industry , entertainment venues , retail , and restaurants . More than half a million jobs in the U. S. have been filled the U. S. workers in the last five years . The open borders lobby and The Washington Post piece drums on about a labor shortage if any changes are made to the    visa : the   foreign guest worker visa $ 25 billion dollar horse racing industry relies on a majority Hispanic immigrant workforce . Many , like Julio , are in the United States on visas , but others are here illegally , working at racetracks and barns throughout the country . But this year , fear and uncertainty The country through the industry as the Trump administration has cracked down on immigration $25 billion dollar horse racing industry raids and deportations of undocumented immigrants and limiting visa programs . The policies could have a significant impact on the racing industry , and many employed in it . Without enough $25 billion dollar horse racing industry trainers would face a labor shortage , The policies could force them to either hire more immigrants illegally or slow down their operations . Under horse trainers expansion of the    visa currently included in the horse trainers spending bill , the number of    foreign workers entering the U. S. could increase by 20 , 000 . The lengthy , complicated process of the    visa , which is often riddled with fraud and abuse , is good business for immigration lawyers , as The Washington Post piece gleefully notes . Claims of labor shortage are regularly pushed by the mainstream media , the open borders lobby and big business interests whose profit margins can rise from insourcing jobs . In a recent report by Breitbart Texas , American unemployment rolls and stagnant , often decreased , wages for    workers in the U. S. indicate there is no such labor shortage , according to experts . " Despite such claims from industry groups —   other than employer anecdotes —   no credible data or labor market metrics have been presented by     groups or organizations —   let alone by disinterested academics —   proving the existence of labor shortages in    occupations that could justify a large expansion of the    program , " the Economic Policy Institute ( EPI ) wrote in a recent analysis report . There are 1 . 37 million " missing workers " in the American labor force between the ages of 45 and    . These individuals are not included in the monthly unemployment rate , but if they 37 million "missing workers" in the American labor force between the ages of 45 and    the unemployment rate would be 5 . 3 percent , according to 37 million "missing workers" in the American labor force between the ages of 45 and    . John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 