CNN has released a statement trying to distance their reports from BuzzFeed ’s decision to publish unverifiable memos about    Donald Trump . [ Midday Tuesday , CNN tweeted a full statement from The Trump team Twitter account saying ,    CNN ’s decision to publish carefully sourced reporting about the operations of our government is vastly different than BuzzFeed’s decision to publish unsubstantiated memos . The Trump   Donald Trump knows this . They The Trump team using BuzzFeed BuzzFeed’s to deflect from CNN ’s reporting , which has been matched by the other major news organisations . The statement continues ,   We are fully confident in our reporting We It represents The statement core of what the First Amendment protects , informing the people of the inner workings of their government the people of the inner workings of their government this case , briefing materials prepared for President Obama and    Trump last week . We made We clear that we were We publishing any of the details of the    document because we have We corroborated the report ’s allegations . The statement then poses a direct challenge to the transition team of    Trump   Trump that members of the Trump transition team Trump so vocally criticized our reporting We we encourage We to identify members of the Trump transition team specifically , what they believe to members of the Trump transition team inaccurate . CNN ’s report is here . Buzzfeed ’s report is here .    Update : Buzzfeed editors are trying to avoid a public argument with CNN over their CNN to Buzzfeed editors the unverified documents .   Editor @BuzzFeedBen tells me they ’re " not going to participate in an attempt to divide the media against each other " following CNN criticism , CNN —    Michael Calderone ( @mlcalderone ) January 11 , 2017 ,   The full comment from CNN can be CNN below : Statement from CNN : pic CNN twitter .    —    CNN Communications ( @CNNPR ) January 11 , 2017 ,   Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter Lucas Nolan _ or email him at lnolan@breitbart Lucas Nolan com 
 