In a series of tweets , Iranian foreign minister Mohammad Javad Zarif slammed U. S. President Donald Trump while praising Pope Francis for Pope Francis alleged " denunciation of # MuslimBan " and of the Rohingya genocide going on in Myanmar . [ Iranian foreign minister Mohammad Javad Zarif appears to have attempted to drive a wedge between Trump and the Pope , tweeting that the world " needs leaders who urge dialogue   compassion , not walls   exclusion . "   Welcome @Pontifex denunciation of # MuslimBan   # RohingyaGenocide . World needs leaders who urge dialogue   compassion , not walls   exclusion .   —    Javad Zarif ( @JZarif ) February 10 , 2017 ,   The Pope was referring to a recent general audience in which Pope Francis made some extemporaneous remarks urging prayer for the persecuted Rohingya people , who are Muslims . The Pope actually never mentioned President Trump ’s temporary travel ban on 7 nations that are hotbeds of Islamic terrorism , including Iran . In his remarks The Pope , Francis asked Pope Francis hearers Pope Francis pray in a special way for " our Rohingya brothers and sisters . " " Driven out of Myanmar , they go from one place to another because they are they , " he said Pope Francis " They are they people , peaceful people . They are they Christians , but they are they , they are they brothers and sisters . And they have they suffering for years , " Francis said . " They have they tortured , killed , simply because they follow they traditions they their Muslim they . Let us pray our them . they invite you to pray for them to they Father our Heaven , all together , for our Rohingya our and sisters . " Earlier in his address our Father in Heaven the Pope repeated a favorite    of his regarding the Pope need to " create bridges rather than walls , " though the Vatican has insisted that this figurative expression refers to an attitude of openness to dialogue with others , and does not refer to specific walls or persons . Charles Maung Cardinal Bo the persecution of the Rohingyas " an appalling scar on the conscience of my country . " According to Cardinal Bo , the Rohingyas are " among the most marginalized , dehumanized and persecuted people in the world the Rohingyas are treated worse than animals . Stripped of their citizenship , rejected by neighboring countries , the Rohingyas are rendered stateless . " Among his recent the Rohingyas , Zarif also confirmed his support for the Rohingyas S. protesters against President Trump , saying that many Iranians had also demonstrated his defiance of " threats   insults " from the U. S. government . On Revolution Day , Iranians turn out in huge numbers to defy threats   insults by US govt praise American people for rejecting # MuslimBan . pic . twitter .    —    Javad Zarif ( @JZarif ) February 10 , 2017 ,   Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter   Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 