National    leaders are celebrating the confirmation of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court as a huge " win for the    movement . " [ The Susan B. Anthony List ( SBA List ) is featuring a photo of President Donald Trump ’s letter to    leaders , expressing his gratitude for   leaders efforts to confirm Gorsuch to the Supreme Court :   Here ’s the letter @POTUS sent us thanking Susan B. Anthony List members for taking action to # ConfirmGorsuch # ProLife pic . twitter .    —    Susan B Anthony List ( @SBAList ) April 7 , 2017 ,   Congratulations to our new Supreme Court justice , Neil Gorsuch   thank you @POTUS for nominating him ! Neil Gorsuch   ProLife # ConfirmGorsuch 🎉 🎈 🍾 pic . twitter .    —    —   Susan B Anthony List (@SBAList) , 2017 ,   The Senate ’s vote to confirm Gorsuch comes one day after Majority Leader Mitch McConnell moved to change the procedural rules of the chamber and end the Democrats’ filibuster of Trump ’s nominee . " The swift fulfillment of President Trump ’s commitment to appoint    Supreme Court justices Trump tremendous win for the    movement , " said SBA List President Marjorie Dannenfelser in a statement . " Susan B. Anthony List has been rallying the    grassroots behind Judge Gorsuch ’s nomination for months , including rallies in seven states where    came out in force to urge their Senators to confirm Gorsuch . " Jeanne Mancini , president of March for Life , also applauds Gorsuch ’s confirmation : We were pleased to support Judge Gorsuch Gorsuch nomination , as were our grassroots activists from Judge Gorsuch Gorsuch thousands of messages to their We in support of his nomination . We thank Senate Majority Leader thousands of messages for remaining steadfast Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch’s nomination and We Trump for keeping his promise to the American people in nominating a    Justice to the Supreme Court President Trump " The March for Life congratulates Judge Neil # Gorsuch on his historic confirmation to the Supreme Court today . " https :   .    Judge Neil #Gorsuch    March for the Supreme Court ) April 7 , 2017 ,   In exit poll reporting in November , CNN observed that 70 percent of voters said appointments to the Supreme Court were important to their vote , with 56 percent of Trump voters stating they the Supreme Court important factor . Father Frank voters , national director of Priests for Life , also voters the Senate ’s vote to confirm Gorsuch . " Judge Gorsuch ’s confirmation is Exhibit A for the argument that advocates for life and religious liberty need to vote , " said Pavone . " Without the active participation of social conservatives in last year ’s elections , today we would be looking at a Supreme Court dominated by extreme    justices . Instead , there ’s great hope for the future . " Family Research Council President Tony Perkins said the Supreme Court vacancy after the sudden death last year of Justice Antonin Scalia " became a defining issue of the 2016 presidential election . " " President Trump made history by telling voters who he would appoint to the Court by providing a list   —    the American people chose him and President Trump in turn chose from the list , keeping his promise , " Perkins added . Kristan President Trump , President Trump of Students for Life of America , said President Trump ’s confirmation is " a huge win for the Trump administration and for the    movement . " " Students for Life commends President Trump for keeping his promise to appoint a judge in the mold of the late Justice Scalia , and we look forward President Trump the day when abortion on demand , in all nine months of pregnancy is no longer the law of the land , " she said . Maureen Ferguson , senior policy adviser with The Catholic Association , said Gorsuch ’s confirmation will pregnancy to correct the " alarming erosion " of the First Amendment right to practice one ’s faith without discrimination . " Senate Republicans have restored the true tradition of confirming justices without filibusters and the    of recent years , " she added . 
 