Organizers of an event at the University of California Berkeley with conservative firebrand Ann Coulter are fearful of more violence from    anarchist groups , following the riots that took place before an event with former Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos last month . [ The event , which is scheduled to take place in April , was organized by the nonpartisan student political group BridgeCal and the university ’s College Republican group . Plans include a talk on immigration followed by a     session . a    session will also be sponsored by the Young America ’s Foundation , who will pay the majority of Coulter ’s $ 20 , 000 speaking fee .   SNOWFLAKES BEWARE : We ’re sending @AnnCoulter to Berkeley on April 27 . Details to come . # YAFonCampus pic . twitter .    —    YAF ( @yaf ) March 28 , 2017 ,   However , one of the event ’s organizers , Pranav Jandahyala , told CBS San Francisco that the group are " pretty apprehensive right now about everything , " but " truly believe [ the group ] can put on a great event . " The rioting before Yiannopoulos ’s event in February received worldwide attention , as    anarchists destroyed campus property smashed local ATMs and bank windows looted a Starbucks attacked Trump supporters    innocent individuals and set fires in the street . Others spray painted the words " Kill Trump " on storefronts . This time , however , organizers plan to provide more robust security , to honor the tradition of free speech at Berkeley since the Free Speech Movement of the 1960s . " This time we are definitely going to push organizers to provide more security than organizers did last time . More officers on the ground instead of in the balcony , " Jandahyala said . In a statement , Berkeley said that Coulter ’s invitation " in no way suggests our endorsement of a particular point of view , and we our continue to affirm our our to the values of diversity , equality , and tolerance that underlie the greatness of Berkeley Berkeley , indeed , of our nation . " However , the university did reaffirm its the university to free speech , stating that it the university not prohibit events " based on a generalized concern that a speaker ’s message may trigger disruptions . " Jandahyala also added that the event will be a chance to ignite heated discussions , where attendees will have the opportunity to challenge Coulter ’s views . " So what I challenge you to do is actually confront her Coulter If she Coulter to speak on campus and there ’s no challenge to her Coulter and people resort to violence and maybe she Coulter n’t speak , her Coulter go unchallenged , " he she comes to speak on campus and there’s no challenge to her viewpoint and people resort to violence and maybe she doesn’t speak . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him Ben Kew bkew@breitbart . com 
 