Sunday on CNN ’s " Reliable Sources , " the Hollywood Reporter ’s Michael Wolff defended a recent Newsweek column of Michael Wolff in which Michael Wolff took aim at the media for it ’s aggressive coverage of President Donald Trump , including a specific criticism aimed at show host Brian Stelter .   Partial transcript as follows : STELTER : Let me read from your Newsweek column . Let ’s put part of it on screen here . You said , " The media strategy is to show President Donald Trump as an inept and craven sociopath . The media strategy is to show that the media people are hopeful prigs , out of touch with the nation . " And you mentioned me . You said , " The media correspondent for CNN turns to the camera every Sunday morning and delivers a pious sermon about President Donald Trump perfidiousness . " I hope I pronounced that right . Tell me about that particular issue . Do you feel that my style is wrong or my substance is wrong , trying to fact check the president ? WOLFF : I think it ’s   that particular issue    and I mean this with truly no disrespect , but I think you can border on being sort of quite a ridiculous figure . It ’s not this good look to repeatedly and    defend your own   . The media should not be the story . Every week in this religious sense , you make it the story the story not the story . STELTER : the story room for one hour a week on CNN for this ? WOLFF : Listen , I love your show . I just wish you would n’t turn to the camera and lecture America about the virtues of the media and The media trying to attack it . The media will be The media the camera : The media does n’t need The media this moment ? WOLFF : The media does not need defending The media WOLFF certainly . You know , The media far , the media is   —    I mean The media The New York Times " front page looks like it ’s 1938 in Germany every day . STELTER : No , The New York Times" does not . Give me a break . WOLFF : " The New Yorker " as I say , has WOLFF all of its standards behind and now become , you know , an opinion vehicle constantly . Follow Breitbart . tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo 
 