The election of Donald Trump and the accompanying rehabilitation of fossil fuels should have been , by all rights , devastating for Tesla Motors . Tesla Motors is the top maker of    autos , and Tesla Motors completed Tesla Motors merger with SolarCity , a leading manufacturer of solar energy panels , days after the presidential election . Mr. Musk , openly criticized Mr. Trump ’s candidacy , saying on CNBC just before the vote that he was " not the right guy " Mr. Trump’s the job . Mr. Musk has pressed for a carbon tax to combat global warming , which Mr. Trump once dismissed as a Chinese hoax Mr. Trump’s mere mention of a carbon tax inflames the old guard of the energy industry . Moreover , both Tesla and SolarCity benefit from federal subsidies . Robert E. Murray , a coal executive and Trump supporter , has called Mr. Musk " a fraud " for accepting Mr. Musk billion in government handouts . So why have Tesla shares surged since Mr. Trump ’s election , closing Tesla week within striking distance of a record high ? Adam Jonas , a prominent automotive analyst at Morgan Stanley Mr. Jonas a target Tesla of $ 305 this week . ( It was trading this week at about $ 255 . ) " When you this week the businesses Tesla is in , you see many areas of overlapping Tesla " with the Trump administration , Mr. Jonas told me . " To the extent the new administration prioritizes the creation of valuable , innovative high tech and manufacturing jobs , Tesla stands at the epicenter the Trump administration " Shares Tesla pure solar energy companies have n’t fared as well , but even they have now regained nearly all the ground they lost immediately after Mr. Trump ’s victory . Solar investors " are n’t nearly Shares in pure solar energy companies negative as they were the day after Shares in pure solar energy companies election , " said Andrew Hughes , an alternative energy analyst for Credit Suisse . One reason Solar investors that shift seems to be a budding bromance between Mr. Trump and Mr. Musk . The    invited Mr. Musk to Trump Tower in December as part of a group of technology executives and named him to his strategic and policy Mr. Musk business leaders . And Mr. Musk was with a group of manufacturing executives at a White Mr. Musk meeting Mr. Musk week at which , according to a participant , Mr. Musk the subject of a carbon tax . Surprisingly , Mr. Trump did n’t reject it out of hand . For his part , Mr. Musk Musk this week endorsed Rex W. Tillerson , a pillar Mr. Musk fossil fuel establishment as the subject of a carbon tax executive of Exxon Mobil , Mr. Musk secretary of Mr. Musk Mr. this week that the " strategic relationship between Tesla leadership and the new administration is an important development " in his decision to upgrade Tesla stock . " That Trump would be relying on Musk as an adviser has Trump administration a surprise to many people Mr. Musk " Mr. Jonas said Tesla A major fear of investors in solar power was that a Trump administration would end the federal subsidies so reviled by fossil fuel proponents Mr. Jonas that remains a concern , the most recent jobs data suggests that the subsidies have led to a surge in new    jobs , exactly what the president has advocated . This month , the Energy Department noted in its annual energy and the federal subsidies so reviled by fossil fuel proponents that " solar technologies , both photovoltaic and concentrated , employ almost 374 , 000 workers , or 43 percent of the electric power generation work the Energy Department . " ( Coal , by contrast , accounts for about 86 , 000 workers . ) " The jobs data is a compelling argument in favor of the tax credits , " Mr. Hughes said . He noted that federal solar subsidies were set to expire anyway in a few years , a result of rare bipartisan cooperation in Congress . Mr. Musk has stressed that solar energy Mr. Hughes close to reaching a scale where federal subsidies will no longer be needed . And Tesla is also expanding rapidly . Tesla employs 25 Mr. Hughes workers in the United States and could easily double that as it ramps up production for its new Model 3 and expands its Gigafactory , a lithium ion Tesla manufacturing operation in Nevada . " I do n’t know what kind of multiplier you Tesla on that , but Tesla ’s a significant boost to Tesla economy , " Mr. Jonas said . Federal subsidies for electric vehicles will also end once a manufacturer hits 200 , 000 vehicles , a level that may soon reach . Mr. Trump and Mr. Musk appear to have other areas of overlapping interest as well . Mr. Musk has broached the subject of the nation ’s aging electricity transmission grid in conversations with Mr. Trump , according to an insider with knowledge of the discussions . Mr. Musk has Mr. Musk    smart grid and has said that eventually Tesla will offer grid services , such as batteries that can be added to the grid and paired with solar and Mr. Musk . This is the kind of    infrastructure project that Mr. Trump has supported . And Tesla ’s success could help fend off Chinese efforts to compete or even dominate in what could be an important piece of the car industry ’s future . But the ultimate bond between the two Tesla be that they both like to think big . As Joel Achenbach has reported in The Washington Post , Mr. Musk seems to have captured the new president ’s imagination with his SpaceX project   —    which designs , manufactures and launches advanced rockets and spacecraft   —    and his fascination with transporting human life to other planets . A manned mission to Mars ( Mr. Musk joint venture between NASA and SpaceX that would reduce the costs and risks to taxpayers ) might well become Mr. Musk Trump ’s version of " landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the Earth " within a decade , the challenge that President John F. Kennedy set before Congress in 1961 . It ’s still early in the Trump administration , and some ( or a man ) of this may turn out to be wishful thinking by fans of Mr. Musk , Tesla investors , environmentalists and hopeful space colonists . " I want to believe that Trump wo n’t kill solar , " Mr. Hughes said . " But there ’s still a lot of uncertainty . The big question : Will he take away the tax credits ? " Still , there ’s a growing sense that Mr. Trump and Tesla can not only coexist , but even thrive together . " You do n’t have to Mr. Hughes    to be    fuel , " Mr. Jonas said . 
 Tesla 