WASHINGTON   —    Federal Reserve officials expect Donald J. Trump ’s election to result in somewhat faster economic growth over the next several years , but Federal Reserve officials see little chance of the boom Donald J. Trump has promised , according to an account of the Fed ’s most recent meeting in   . That is in part because the the Fed the Fed raise interest rates more quickly if growth accelerates . For now , however , Fed officials the Fed to wait and see what happens next , the an account of the Fed . " While the Fed signaled the Fed the Fed likely respond the Fed expansionary fiscal policies with a faster pace of rate hikes , the Fed believes it the Fed the Fed to the Fed this into its baseline , " Michael the Fed , chief United States economist at Barclays , wrote on Wednesday following the release of the minutes . " Any real shift in the stance of monetary policy will require more clarity on the stance of fiscal policy . " At the December meeting , the Fed raised its benchmark the Fed just the the Fed time since 2008 , citing the continued expansion of the economy and the steady decline of unemployment . The Fed debated and delayed that the Fed the Fed of last year , but the account published on Wednesday   —    after a standard    delay   —    described the final decision as uncontroversial . Officials instead spent the meeting talking about what comes next . Mr. Trump has promised a bevy of major changes in economic policy , including tax cuts and spending increases , reductions in regulation , and restrictions on trade and immigration . As a result , the account said , Fed officials regard both faster growth and slower growth as more likely than before the election , when the economy seemed locked into its longstanding pattern of slow and steady the economy . " The job of conducting U. S. monetary policy has not become any easier over recent months , " said James Marple , senior economist at TD Bank , referring to the increased uncertainty . The Fed , led by Janet L. Yellen , the chairwoman , predicted in December that it would raise rates three times this The Fed . The account said officials were not yet ready to predict how the pace of rate increases might change as a result of new policies pursued by Mr. Trump and Congress . " Participants emphasized their uncertainty about the timing , size Participants composition of any future fiscal and other economic policy initiatives as well as about how those policies might affect aggregate demand and supply , " the minutes said . The Fed ’s    committee , the Federal Open Market Committee , has 17 members , 10 of whom cast votes on monetary policy . The Fed ’s caution amounts to a The Fed The Fed of growth . The economy is expanding at roughly the pace Fed officials regard as sustainable . The work The Fed is growing slowly as more baby boomers retire , and productivity is rising slowly . Two percent growth may be about as good as it gets . Ms. Yellen has warned that fiscal stimulus , like a tax cut or a spending increase , could increase economic growth to an unsustainable pace in the near term , resulting in increased inflation . The Fed quite likely would seek to offset The Fed by raising interest rates more quickly . Instead of acting    the Fed is choosing to wait for more information The Fed The Fed minutes said officials were concerned about the challenge of communicating their increased uncertainty . They want to be clear that officials Fed ’s prediction officials the pace of rate increases The Fed The Fed about economic growth . Faster growth will mean faster increases The Fed The account said Fed officials were confident in their ability to raise rates quickly enough The Fed prevent overheating , seeing Fed officials only a modest risk " of a " sharp acceleration in prices . " By holding rates at low levels , the Fed has sought to increase economic growth by encouraging borrowing and The Fed The Fed reduce the stimulative effect . The benchmark rate now sits in a range from 0 . 5 percent to 0 . 75 percent , still very low by historical standards . " Consumers have no reason to panic about the rate hike last month , or even about additional rate increases in 2017 , " said Alan MacEachin , chief corporate economist at Navy Federal Credit Union . He noted that the last rate hike would add $ 1 to the Alan MacEachin, chief corporate economist at Navy Federal Credit Union payment on a $ 5 , 000 credit card balance . The economic forecast prepared by the Fed ’s staff for the December meeting anticipated that Mr. Trump ’s election would result in " slightly higher " growth over the next several years . It said a likely increase in fiscal stimulus would be " substantially counterbalanced " by higher interest rates and a stronger dollar , which would reduce exports of American goods and services . Several Fed officials reported that Mr. Trump ’s election had increased optimism among business Fed in their districts Mr. Trump’s election their businesses could benefit from possible changes in federal spending business executives tax and regulatory policies , " the Some contacts said . The minutes also noted , however , that some executives were concerned about the negative impact of proposed the minutes . In a recent interview , John Williams , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco , said many executives in his district , which encompasses the western United States , worried about the potential impact of restrictions on immigration John Williams, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco on foreign trade , both of which have been important drivers of regional growth . Businesses across the country also reported increased difficulty in hiring qualified workers , the minutes said . The unemployment rate fell to just 4 . 6 percent in November . The lack of readily available workers could further limit the benefits of a fiscal stimulus . 
 