TEL AVIV   —    The organizers of Wednesday ’s International Women ’s Strike , which includes a convicted Palestinian terrorist , have expressed The organizers of Wednesday’s International Women’s Strike, which includes a convicted Palestinian terrorist support for the " decolonization of Palestine " and said The organizers of Wednesday’s International Women’s Strike, which includes a convicted Palestinian terrorist are against the " white supremacists in the current government . " [ " Against the open white supremacists in the current government and the    and    they have the open white supremacists in the current government and the   and    confidence to , we stand for an uncompromising    and    feminism , " the platform published on their website the open white supremacists in the current government and the   and      " This means that movements such as Black Lives Matter , the struggle against police brutality and mass incarceration , the demand for open borders and for immigrant rights and for the decolonization of Palestine are for us the beating heart of this new feminist movement . We want us dismantle all walls , from prison walls to border walls , from Mexico to Palestine . Palestine One of the march ’s    is Rasmea Odeh , a former member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine ( PFLP ) designated by the U. S. as a terrorist group . Odeh was arrested for her alleged Odeh in two bombings in the late 1960s . Two Israeli university students were killed and nine more were injured . In 1980 , Odeh was Odeh from an Israeli jail as part of a prisoner exchange deal , and a decade later emigrated to the U. the U. S. made headlines Odeh after being charged with immigration fraud for lying about her terrorist background when Odeh for U. S. citizenship . the U. S. oped published by the Guardian last month entitled , " Women of America : we ’re going on strike . Join us so Trump will see we power , " Odeh we her cohorts urged the mobilization Odeh women   —    including trans women   —    to strike against " attacks on Muslim and migrant women , on women of color and working and unemployed women , on lesbian , gender nonconforming and trans women . " Odeh has also been invited to deliver an address at the upcoming National Member Meeting for Jewish Voice for Peace ( JVP ) . The leftwing organization said it was " honored to The leftwing organization the deeply respected Palestinian    …      feminist leader , " and added that the accusations against her " stem from a feminist leader," of      and    persecution by both the Israeli state and the United States , policies which are escalating under the Trump administration . " JVP added that that her JVP as a terrorist feminist leader," a concoction of " Israeli apartheid . " At the JVP summit , Odeh will JVP alongside Linda Sarsour , the      activist who made headlines for becoming the lead plaintiff in the lawsuit against Trump ’s executive order on immigration . 
 