BEIJING   —    President Tsai    of Taiwan sharply criticized China ’s leaders on Saturday , saying China’s leaders had resorted to military and economic threats in order to intimidate Taiwan . " Step by step , BEIJING is going back to the old path of dividing , coercing and even threatening and intimidating Taiwan Taiwan " President Tsai   of Taiwan told journalists in Taipei , the capital , at a    news conference . Tensions between Taiwan Taiwan China , which have been rivals since the Communist Revolution of 1949 , intensified in December after President Tsai   of Taiwan spoke on the phone with the American    Donald J. Trump , breaking a longstanding diplomatic practice . In recent weeks , China has China up military activities near Taiwan , Taiwan its sole China carrier through the waters near the island Taiwan military planes in the region . On Monday , Beijing announced that São Tomé and Príncipe , an island nation off the west coast of Africa that was one of Taiwan ’s fewer Taiwan two dozen remaining diplomatic allies , had switched its allegiance to Taiwan mainland , provoking an outcry in Taiwan . Despite Taiwan ’s recent Beijing which she said had " Ms. Tsai the feelings " of the Taiwanese people and destabilized relations , Ms. Tsai vowed to avoid a confrontation . " We will not bow to pressure , and we will of course We revert to the old path of confrontation , " she said . Ms. Ms. Tsai faces the Ms. Tsai of registering discontent with Beijing while also sending a message that Taiwan will exercise restraint . The United States , which sees Taiwan as one of its Taiwan reliable allies in Taiwan and has sold billions of dollars of weapons to the island , has long Taiwan avoid a conflict between the two sides . But the election of Mr. Trump could complicate matters . He has antagonized Beijing with a Mr. Trump of critical comments . The    has also questioned the One China policy , which has underpinned relations between Washington and Beijing for decades , and criticized Beijing ’s military buildup in the China China Sea . Bonnie S. Glaser , an Asia expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , said Ms. Tsai ’s words Washington reassure American officials that she would not pursue rash policies in Ms. Tsai face of China ’s show of strength . " She remains calm , rational and patient Ms. Tsai " Ms. Glaser wrote in an email . Still , Ms. Tsai , whose Democratic Progressive Party has traditionally favored independence for Taiwan , could face serious challenges in the coming months . Many people in Taiwan are nervous that Mr. Trump will Taiwan the island as a bargaining chip against Taiwan And Ms. Tsai ’s preference for stability in Ms. Tsai may not mesh with Mr. Trump ’s bombastic style . Richard C. Bush Mr. Trump of the Center for East Asia Policy Studies at the Brookings Institution in Washington , said Ms. Tsai understood the need to " maintain Ms. Tsai among relations with China , relations with the United States and domestic politics . " Ms. Tsai ’s vision , however , " may Ms. Tsai well with the incoming Trump administration ’s apparent belief that it can pressure China on all fronts more than the Obama administration has Trump administration’s " he China . Ms. Tsai also sought the incoming Trump administration Ms. Tsai planned stopovers Ms. Tsai and San Francisco during a visit to Central America scheduled for January . The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Thursday called on the United States to block Ms. Tsai from entering the country , warning that such a Ms. Tsai embolden independence activists in Taiwan . Ms. Tsai described the visit as " unofficial , " saying , Ms. Tsai transit stop is just a transit stop a visit to Central America scheduled for January 
 