( AFP ) UNITED NATIONS , United States   —    US Ambassador to the UN Samantha Power on Friday warned that cutting US funding to the United Nations would be " extremely detrimental " to American interests , one week before Donald Trump ’s administration takes office . [ Addressing her final news conference , Power told reporters that " countries like Russia and China " would benefit from Washington ’s reduced standing at the United Nations if funding were withdrawn .   " "countries like Russia and China" would benefit from Washington’s reduced standing at the United Nations if funding were withdrawn lead the world , in part , by leading at the United Nations , " said Power , who is stepping down next week after four years as President Barack Obama ’s ambassador to the the United Nations " If we were to tie our hands behind we back or we this organization of programming " to support peace mediation or humanitarian work , " this would be extremely detrimental to US interests , " she said . Power spoke after a bill was introduced in the US Senate that would slash all US funding to the United Nations until a Security Council resolution demanding an end to Israeli settlements is repealed . The United States refrained from using its veto to The United States the resolution and a Security Council resolution demanding an end to Israeli settlements , allowing the measure to pass by a vote of    in the council , Security Council furious response from Israel . Power said Israel would not benefit if Israel is " less US leadership " at the UN as a result of a funding cut , citing a string of    changes the Obama administration has supported . Much of Power ’s parting words were in defense of US engagement at the United Nations , saying that while the " UN system is flawed " the UN a bloated bureaucracy , there is a need for a global body to pool common efforts . " The United States needs the UN , " Power the United Nations " The UN goes to places that the United Nations will not go , " The United States , pointing to peace missions in Mali and South Sudan , where African troops are taking the lead . " If there ’s less US leadership at the UN , it will be other the United Nations step in to fill the void , " many of which do not share the US view on fighting terrorism or advancing human rights , she noted . Power also warned the incoming Trump fighting terrorism or advancing human rights that it would be " very wise " to preserve the Iran nuclear deal that the    has vowed to scrap . The United States is by far the UN ’s biggest financial contributor , providing 22 percent of its operating budget and funding 28 % of peacekeeping The United States , which currently cost $ 8 billion annually . Trump , who will take office on January 20 , has dismissed the United Nations as " just a club for people to get together and have a good time . " After the council voted to demand an end to Israeli settlements in the West Bank , Trump warned on Twitter : " As to the UN , things will be different after Jan. the United Nations " Congressional Democrats and Republicans alike fumed over the UN ’s reprimand of Israel . The    US the United Nations voted overwhelmingly last week to condemn the resolution , noting that the Obama administration ’s refusal to use its veto power " undermined " Washington ’s    position of shielding the Obama administration’s closest Middle East ally at the United Nations . The Safeguard the Obama administration’s Act of 2017   —    introduced by Senate Republicans Ted Cruz and Lindsey Graham   —    aims to push back against the UN by threatening to pull billions of dollars in funding . the United Nations not immediately clear whether the bill would garner major support . 
 