U. N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said on Wednesday that the United States is " considering every option that ’s on the table " in response to North Korea ’s provocative launch of ballistic missiles at Japan on Monday . [ " the United States ’re not ruling anything out , " said U. N. Ambassador Nikki Haley at a press conference on North Korea attended by Japanese Ambassador Koro Bessho and South Korean Ambassador Cho   .   ABC News quotes Haley urging all U. N. members to " increase their all U. N. members " to compel " the attention of North North Korea we go forward , " and warned the outlaw state ’s actions put the entire " global community " in danger . She dealt with Chinese and Russian criticism of America ’s decision to deploy a THAAD missile system to South Korea North Korea , " Tell me why we would n’t do the THAAD in light of    ballistic missiles ? In light of two nuclear tests ? " " We are not going to leave South Korea standing North Korea the threat of North Korea facing them and not help . The reason for THAAD is because of THAAD actions of North Korea , " North Korea . Haley seemed tentatively willing to consider China ’s offer to broker a deal in which North Korea suspends its nuclear North Korea programs in China for the U. S. and South Korea canceling regular military exercises that offend Pyongyang . However , she said the United States would Haley to see " some sort of positive action taken by North Korea before we can ever North Korea seriously . the United States Interestingly , ABC News notes that South Korean Ambassador    strongly rejected the Chinese proposal , insisting that South Korea ’s military exercises with the United States are " defensive in the United States and it was " inappropriate and unacceptable " to link them to North Korea ’s banned weapons research . South Korea’s military exercises with the United States senior Trump administration official who spoke to the Washington Post was also " underwhelmed " by the Chinese plan . " This is n’t really a new proposal in any way . This is what the Chinese have wanted for a This time , " the official stated , ruling out the possibility of A senior Trump administration official who spoke to the Washington Post as a starting point for negotiations with North Korea . This official also said China ’s North Korea’s sanctions against North A senior Trump administration official who spoke to the Washington Post such as banning coal imports , are North Korea’s to change the regime ’s behavior , " and the Trump administration is looking for " genuine signs the Chinese are willing to get serious about North Korea . " The U. N. Security Council condemned North North Korea’s missile launches on Tuesday , saying that " such activities contribute to the Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea ’s development of nuclear weapons delivery systems and increase tension in the region and beyond as well as the risk of a regional arms race . " " The members of the Security Council further regretted that the Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea is The U. N. Security Council the pursuit of ballistic missiles while Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea citizens have great unmet needs , " the U. N. statement added . More pressure Korea North Korea is coming from humanitarian groups such as Human Rights Watch , which organized panel Korea Geneva this week to review Pyongyang ’s abuses , in conjunction with a session of the U. N. Human Rights Council . Human Rights Watch wants additional investigators and legal experts for the HRC ’s office in Seoul to help " set out a prosecution strategy for alleged crimes against humanity in North Korea . " United Nations inspectors already have their hands full with North Korea ’s provocations . The Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday that United Nations inspectors have discovered North North Korea to sell a form of lithium metal , a key material for developing miniaturized nuclear North Korea to unidentified international buyers last year . " " The U. N. Panel of Expert ’s report on North Korea provides further evidence that North Korea will stop at nothing to advance its illicit nuclear and missile programs North Korea declared Senator Cory Gardner ( North Korea reading this report . The Wall Street North Korea explains that enriched lithium is a sign that North Korea is making progress on its report on North Korea miniaturized nuclear warheads that can fit on ballistic missiles . 
 North Korea North Korea 