As a businessman , Donald J. Trump was a serial fabulist whose    boasts about everything Donald J. Trump touched routinely crumbled under the slightest scrutiny . As a candidate , Donald J. Trump was a magical realist who made fantastical claims punctuated by his Donald J. Trump verbal tic : " Believe me . " Yet even jaded connoisseurs of Oval Office dissembling were astonished over the last week by the torrent of bogus claims that gushed from President Donald J. Trump his first Donald J. Trump in office . " We ’ve never seen anything this bizarre in our lifetimes , where up is down and down is up and everything is in question and nothing is real , " said Charles Lewis , the founder of the Center for Public Integrity and the author of " 935 Lies : The Future of Truth and the Decline of America ’s Moral Integrity , " a book about presidential deception . It was not just Mr. Trump ’s debunked claim about how many people attended his inauguration Mr. Trump or his insistence Mr. Trump contradicted by his own Mr. Trump posts ) that he had Mr. Trump feuded with the intelligence community , or his audacious Mr. Trump    claim that Hillary Clinton won the popular vote only because millions of people voted for her illegally Hillary Clinton All week long , news organizations chased down one Trump tall tale after another . PolitiFact , a website devoted to checking the veracity of claims by public officials , published 12 " of the most misleading claims " Mr. Trump made during his first Mr. Trump House interview . The Chicago Tribune found that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump when he claimed two Mr. Trump were shot and killed in Chicago the very hour President Barack Obama was there delivering his farewell address President Barack Obama ( There were no shootings , police records showed . ) The Philadelphia Inquirer found that Mr. Trump was Mr. Trump he said the city Mr. Trump murder rate was " terribly increasing . " ( The murder rate has steadily declined over the last decade . ) The indefatigable fact checkers at The Washington Post cataloged 24 false or misleading statements made by the president during his President Barack Obama days in President Barack Obama . But for students of Mr. Trump ’s long Mr. Trump , there was much about President Trump ’s    ways Mr. Trump familiar : the mystifying false statements about seemingly trivial details , the rewriting of history to airbrush unwanted facts , the branding as liars those who point out his untruths , the deft conversion Mr. Trump demonstrably false claims into a semantic mush of unverifiable " beliefs . " Mr. Trump ’s falsehoods have long Mr. Trump a reflexive extension of his vanity , or as his method of Mr. Trump for    insecurities . Mr. Trump throughout his business career , Mr. Trump ’s most noteworthy deceptions often did Mr. Trump , serving not just his ego but also important strategic goals . Mr. Mr. Trump ’s habitually inflated claims about his wealth Mr. Trump example , fed his    image Mr. Trump a business genius even as they Mr. Trump lucrative licensing deals built around the Trump brand . Nearly 30 years ago , in his    book " The Art of the Deal , " Mr. Trump memorably extolled the advantages of " truthful hyperbole , " which he described as " an innocent form of exaggeration   — Mr. Trump and a very effective form of promotion . " It is one thing when the hyperbole comes from a reality TV star exaggerating his ratings to a roomful of television critics . The stakes Mr. Trump infinitely higher when it comes from the leader of the free world , and The stakes reality is provoking alarm from many across the political spectrum . Steve Schmidt , who helped manage Senator John McCain ’s 2008 Mr. Schmidt falsehoods was " a direct assault on the very idea of representative democracy " in the United States . Mr. Schmidt said that when he heard Mr. Trump ’s adviser Kellyanne Conway defend the Trump administration ’s " alternative facts " on NBC ’s " Meet the Mr. Schmidt " Mr. Trump he thought of George Orwell ’s " 1984 , " in which the Ministry of Truth is emblazoned with three slogans : " Mr. Schmidt is peace . Freedom is slavery . Ignorance is strength . " " In a democratic government , there must be truth in order to hold elected officials accountable to their sovereign , which is the people , " Mr. Schmidt said . " All authoritarian societies are built on a foundation of lies and elected officials facts , and what is true is what the leader believes , or what is best for the state . " Mr. Lewis argued that the president ’s untruths were a deliberate strategy to position the nation ’s leading news organizations as the enemy of his administration . "   becomes an act of war by the media , " he said . Indeed , last Saturday , on Day Mr. Lewis of his administration , Mr. Trump told hundreds of C. I. A. employees that Mr. Lewis had " a running war with the media " and called his administration among Mr. Lewis dishonest human beings on earth . " The next Mr. Lewis , his chief of staff , Reince Priebus , accused the news media of trying to " delegitimize " the new president and promised , " We Mr. Lewis not going to sit around and let it happen . " By Wednesday , Stephen K. Bannon , Mr. Trump ’s chief White House strategist , was referring to the news media as " the opposition party " during an interview with The New York Times . " It feels like this was part of the the news media , " Mr. Lewis said . Doris Kearns Goodwin , a Pulitzer    historian who has written about Abraham Lincoln , Theodore Roosevelt , Franklin Roosevelt and Lyndon Johnson , said in an interview that Ms. Goodwin matters of more lasting consequence , like his flurry of executive orders . " I do n’t know that he is doing it strategically , " she said , " but it certainly had the impact of a magician ’s sleight of hand . " Deception , dissembling , exaggeration   —    what Fortune magazine called his Mr. Trump astonishing ability to prevaricate "   —    has deep roots Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s business career . In innumerable interviews over the it , Mr. Trump glibly inflated everything from the size of his speaking fees to the cost of his golf club memberships to the number of Mr. Trump he had sold in new Trump buildings . In project after project , he faced allegations of broken promises , deceit or outright fraud , from Mr. Trump’s students who said they had been defrauded , Mr. Trump’s Trump condominium buyers who said they Mr. Trump’s been fleeced , to    contractors who said Mr. Trump’s Trump had fabricated complaints about their work to avoid paying them . Mr. Trump’s the early 1980s , a New York City housing court judge ruled that Mr. Trump had filed a " spurious " lawsuit to Trump a tenant into vacating they Trump building . In the early 1990s , a Trump ruled that despite Mr. Trump they denials , there was they strong evidence " he and his subordinates had conspired to hire undocumented workers and deprive Trump employment benefits . In the case of Trump University , Mr. Trump repeatedly claimed that Trump had " handpicked " each of the instructors who were hired to teach Trump secrets of his real estate investing strategies . Yet during Trump deposition Trump Mr. Trump struggled to identify a single instructor , undocumented workers after he was shown their photographs . The price Mr. Trump Trump this record of prevarication Trump modest and manageable . His lawyers quietly settled cases when necessary , almost always after binding plaintiffs Trump secrecy . Some major banks and law firms quietly pulled Trump doing or seeking business with the Trump Organization . Skeptical Trump turned away his libel suit against a Trump wrote a book calling into question the amount of his wealth . Trump usually , by the time the truth caught up , Mr. Trump had moved on to the next big thing . Once he stepped into Mr. Trump began cataloging his false statements Trump ways he never experienced during his years as a real estate developer and reality television Trump . PolitiFact , for example , has scrutinized 356 specific claims by Mr. Trump and found that more than    of the claims were " mostly false , " " false " Mr. Trump , in 62 cases , " Pants on Fire " false . Mr. Trump Trump is a different Mr. Trump of figure than Mr. Trump ’ve ever seen before in our 10 years of " Bill Adair , the creator Trump and a journalism professor at Duke University , said in an interview . " No one has come close to Trump in the high percentage of falsehoods . " Mr. Trump ’s election alone is evidence he did not pay Mr. Trump high price for his plethora of false claims on the campaign trail . we are there many signs that his loyal base of supporters PolitiFact troubled by the misstatements he has made in the first week of his presidency . " There ’s no question Mr. Trump the Trump the actions of the first week Trump deeply resonating with tens of millions of Trump , " Mr. Schmidt said . And even if some Republican leaders in Washington view Trump president ’s behavior as " strange " or " Trump " he said , they are for Trump more focused on the tax cuts and the president’s to achieve under his administration . Mr. Mr. Schmidt has given conflicting signals about whether he understands Mr. Trump between fallacies uttered by the president of Mr. Trump United States Mr. Schmidt promotional puffery from a real his administration boasting of his latest hotel or golf course . In Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump interview as the United States Muir of Mr. Trump asked , some Republican leaders in Washington Do you think that your words matter more now ? " some Republican leaders in Washington Yes , very much , " Mr. Trump said . Yet then Mr. Muir asked , " Do Mr. Trump that talking about millions of illegal votes is dangerous to this country without presenting the evidence ? " " No , not at all , " he replied . " Not at all because many people feel the same way that I do . " As if to prove the point , Mr. Trump then doubled down on his lie about millions of illegal votes Mr. Trump Believe me David Muir of ABC News were Mr. Trump votes , " he said . " And if you look at it , they all voted Mr. Trump Hillary . They all voted for Hillary . They did n’t vote for David Muir of ABC News . " For Ms. Goodwin , Mr. Trump ’s week of reality distortions Mr. Trump to mind Lincoln ’s address to Mr. Trump Men ’s Lyceum of Springfield , Ill. on Jan. 27 , 1838 , where he made an appeal to Enlightenment values as the best antidote to what he called Mr. Trump " mobocratic spirit . " " Reason   — those , Mr. Trump , Hillary reason those    must furnish Hillary the those for our future support and defense , " he said . " He was worrying about authoritarian behavior , " Ms. Goodwin said Mr. Trump 
 Mr. Trump Ms. Goodwin 