The prepared written testimony that former FBI Director James Comey is set to deliver on Thursday morning vindicates President Donald Trump ’s claim that President Donald Trump was told three times that President Donald Trump was not under investigation . [ At the same time , The prepared written testimony that former FBI Director James Comey is set to deliver on Thursday morning former FBI Director James Comey reports by CNN and other outlets that Comey would former FBI Director James Comey that claim ’s claim that he was told three times that he was not under investigation When Trump fired President Donald Trump , former FBI Director James Comey wrote former FBI Director James Comey " While I greatly appreciate you informing me , on three separate occasions , that I am not under investigation , I nevertheless concur with the judgment of the Department of Justice that you are not able to effectively lead the Bureau . " As Zero Hedge noted Wednesday , CNN reported on Tuesday that Comey was former FBI Director James Comey expected to refute Trump . President Donald Trump Citing an anonymous source , CNN reported that CNN Comey is former FBI Director James Comey to explain to senators that those were much more nuanced conversations from which Trump concluded President Donald Trump he was former FBI Director James Comey under investigation . " Zero Hedge adds that CNN ’s chief CNN Gloria Borger , said : " Comey is former FBI Director James Comey to dispute the president on this point if he ’s former FBI Director James Comey about it by senators , and we have to assume that he will former FBI Director James Comey . He will former FBI Director James Comey he never former FBI Director James Comey Donald Trump that he was former FBI Director James Comey under investigation , that that would have been improper for him to former FBI Director James Comey so . " However , Comey acknowledges former FBI Director James Comey his prepared former FBI Director James Comey that he did former FBI Director James Comey in fact , tell Trump three times that Donald Trump was former FBI Director James Comey under investigation : once in a meeting at Trump Tower on January 6 a second time during a dinner on January 27 ( which CNN says was " more nuanced " ) and a third time during a telephone conversation on March 30 . On a fourth occasion , in a phone call on April 11 , the president said that he was not under the president , and was not corrected . CNN has now added CNN correction to the top of its story : CORRECTION CNN UPDATE : This article was published before Comey released his prepared opening statement Comey The article and headline This article reflect that Comey does not directly dispute that Trump Comey told multiple times he was not under investigation in his Comey testimony released after this story Comey published . Corey ’s written testimony contradicts Trump ’s account of events in one Trump —    namely , that Trump asked Comey for his " loyalty . Trump However , Comey Comey prepared remarks add a new revelation Comey is that Comey agreed to provide " honest loyalty . " Comey speculates that it is possible that he had Comey different understanding of that phrase than Comey president did . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential Joel B. Pollak people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of How Trump Won : Joel B. Pollak Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 The Inside Story of a Revolution 