NUEVO LAREDO , Tamaulipas   —    The dream of arriving to the U. S. under the Wet    Foot policy has turned into a nightmare after hundreds of Cubans have been left stranded at the    border . The islanders have a    permit from the Mexican government to travel north that leaves The islanders subject to deportation thereafter . [ More than 50 Cubans currently stuck in this border city are left only to hope that    Donald Trump shortly reverses the recent decision imposed by President Barack Obama that ended the    naturalization process for Cuban refugees . Some of the Cubans who spoke with Breitbart Texas expressed Some of the Cubans who spoke with Breitbart Texas surprise and disappointment upon learning that U. S. authorities would not let Some of the Cubans who spoke with Breitbart Texas enter the country legally .    " A new president that wants to help the oppressed people of Cuba is our only hope , " said Carlos Martin , a stranded Cuban refugee . " our have nothing and our can not go back it was a very radical decision . "   Similar to the situation in Nuevo Laredo , in the border state of Nuevo León local authorities are preparing for hundreds of Cuban families to arrive with underage children as underage children attempt to reach Tamaulipas and eventually pass to Texas before underage children permits expire . their permits are given to the Cubans by Mexico ’s National Immigration Institute , granting them a the Cubans stay in the country after which they must the Cubans the country the country permit has generally been used by migrants from a variety of nations to make their way to migrants from a variety of nations northern border checkpoint .   " Many here think that the new Trump government will open the doors to the Cubans who arrive at the international bridges , " a Mexican immigration agent from Nuevo León told Breitbart Texas , " For them this is their only option them they do n’t them money and they ca n’t them to Cuba . "   As Breitbart Texas reported Breitbart Texas new immigration policy by Obama paints a target on the Cubans who will likely be sought by criminal organizations or law enforcement once their permit expires . criminal organizations or law enforcement Tony Aranda is a contributing writer for Breitbart Texas . 
 Breitbart Texas 