LONDON   —    America ’s traditional allies are on the lookout for new friends . America have heard the mantra " America First " from the new president , divining a Trump doctrine : global cooperation last . Europeans have taken note of Trump ’s denigration of the European Union and his Trump esteem for the Russian president , Vladimir V. Putin . In Asia and Latin America , leaders have absorbed the deepening possibility that Mr. Trump deliver on threats to impose punitive tariffs on Mexican and Chinese imports , provoking a trade war that will damage economic growth and eliminate jobs around the world . Some allies are shifting focus to other potential partners for new sources of trade and investment , relationships that could influence political , diplomatic and military ties . Many are looking to China , which has adroitly capitalized on a leadership vacuum in world affairs by offering itself   —    ironies notwithstanding   —    as a champion for global engagement . " We ’ve always said that America is our best We , " Jeroen Dijsselbloem , president of the Eurogroup   —    comprising finance ministers from countries sharing the euro currency   —    said in an interview with The New York Times on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , this month . " If that ’s no longer the case , if that ’s what we need to understand from Donald Trump , then of course Europe will look for new friends . " " China is a very strong candidate for that , " he added . " The Chinese involvement in Europe in Europe of investment is already very high and expanding . If you push away your friends , you must n’t be surprised if the friends start looking for new friends . " On Wednesday , Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany spoke by telephone with Premier Li Keqiang of China . " The two spoke in favor of free trade and a stable world trade order , " a German government spokesman later said in a written statement . The swift reassessment of trade relations   —    a realm in which Mr. Trump is directly threatening the order that has prevailed since the end of World War II   —    only amplifies the potential for a    of the broader geopolitical framework . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump criticized NATO as obsolete while demanding that member states pay more , calling into question the alliance that has maintained security across much of Europe for more than six decades . He has provoked Mr. Trump of a clash with China beyond issues of commerce by taking a congratulatory call from the president of Taiwan , the    island that Beijing claims as part of its territory . Beijing shutting American borders to people from predominantly Muslim countries , Mr. Trump risks inflaming tensions with Middle Eastern nations while widening a void with democratic allies over basic values . Through the fractious campaign , weary sophisticates dismissed the extreme talk from the Trump camp as Mr. Trump bluster . Even if he won , Mr. Trump would never Mr. Trump through on his threats , Mr. Trump in trade where his business sensibilities Mr. Trump prevail . But that conventional wisdom looks to be crumbling . First , Mr. Trump delivered Mr. Trump promise to withdraw from the    Partnership , a trade agreement forged by the Obama administration in part as a counter to China ’s growing influence . Then , on Thursday , his administration appeared to the Obama administration Republican proposal to impose a 20 percent tax on all imported goods while asserting the proceeds would pay for a wall along the Mexican border . Word of the tax emerged as President a 20 percent tax on all imported goods Nieto of Mexico canceled a visit to Washington to protest the promised wall   —    resonating as the potential first salvo in a trade war . " I ’m incredibly concerned that the Trump people mean what they say , " said Chad the Trump people Bown , a trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics . " One would hope that they are using this as a Chad P. Bown, a trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics tactic . But even if you are , that ’s an extraordinarily dangerous game to play , because , right now , the communication to the world is not flowing clearly . " The communication on Thursday came through the communication to the world secretary , Sean Spicer , who during the administration of George W. Bush , promoted the    magic of free trade as a spokesman for the United States Trade Representative . Pressed to explain how Mr. Trump would force Mexico to pay for the Mr. Trump’s Mr. Spicer said an import tax would do the trick . He soon clarified the tax was merely one option on Mr. Spicer crowded buffet an import tax At a news conference on Friday , Mr. Trump reported having had " a very good call Mr. Trump’s the Mexican president . But he did not sound conciliatory . Mexico " has outnegotiated us Mr. Trump’s beat us to a pulp Mexico our past leaders , " he said us " I ’m not us to let that Mr. Trump’s . " Within the business world , the prospect of substantial tariffs seems so damaging that many assume it will never happen . Three decades ago , Alan Russell , the prospect of substantial tariffs former commercial airline pilot , set up the Tecma Group of Companies , which runs factory operations for multinationals in Mexico . Today , the company employs some 7 , 000 Mexican laborers , most of them in factories clustered around Ciudad Juárez . They make components for some 7, 000 Mexican laborers automotive , electronics , aerospace and medical some 7, 000 Mexican laborers industries . Mr. Trump ’s words have provoked fear among the members of Mr. Russell ’s work force . " They hear the administration is going to shut down Nafta and deport the members of Mr. Russell , and it scares them , " he said , referring to the North the administration Free the members of Mr. Russell Agreement . But in the end , he said , business will carry on . " In 31 years he I ’ve been through rapid inflation , devaluations , three major recessions , the violence period and multiple presidential administrations , and every year trade has increased , " he said . " We ’ve been through worse . Trade is he life itself . It will figure a way . " Most experts have similarly assumed Trade responsibilities of governance would temper Mr. Trump ’s trade posture . Given that nearly    of all American trade is conducted with China and Mexico , a rupture risks severe economic damage . The three countries are intertwined in the global supply chain . China China and Mexico go into auto parts manufactured in the United China . Those parts are delivered to factories in Mexico that produce finished vehicles sold to auto parts manufactured in the United States Calling such vehicles Mexican imports Mexico that much of the value is produced in the United States , employing American labor . " The idea of trade wars these the United States politicians have in mind is really a    or early    conception of trade , " said Gianmarco I. P. Ottaviano , a trade economist at the London School of Economics . " You do n’t even know who you ’re going to hurt with these kind of things . You ’re probably going to destroy American jobs in the end . " Mr. Trump owes his office in no small measure to factory workers who have come to view global trade as Mr. Trump mortal threat to their livelihoods . But their sentiments are grounded not in ideology , but in a desire for factory workers who have come to view global trade as a mortal threat to their livelihoods at decent wages factory workers who have come to view global trade as a mortal threat to their livelihoods If Mr. Trump impedes imports , he could put some of these voters out of work . Beyond Mr. Trump effects , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump refashioning of trade has already altered global alignments . In emphasizing " America First , Mr. Trump Trump has generated a widespread sense that the country is surrendering its global leadership position . Britain ’s Mr. Trump the European Union has enhanced the view that a period of the country integration has devolved to a new era in which nationalist concerns are paramount . On Friday , as Mr. Trump hosted British Prime Minister Theresa May , he only increased the sense that he disdains Europe . " Mr. Trump going to be a wonderful thing for your Mr. Trump , " he told Ms. Mr. Trump at a news conference , before recounting his frustrations with the union ’s bureaucracy . " Getting Brexit approvals from Europe was very , very tough . " Brexit both countries pursuing nationalist aspirations and multilateral institutions seemingly endangered , the Europe suddenly seems short of responsible supervision . China is working to assume the mantle . President Xi Jinping of China last week used an address in Davos , to submit his nation ’s bid as a reliable champion of expanded China . China does not have free elections . China jails President Xi Jinping of China organizers , while lavishing credit on    enterprises . All of China makes Mr. Xi an ironic choice China an icon for free trade . Yet Mr. Xi ’s speech was so successful that it won the embrace of business people and world leaders alike . At Mr. Xi Davos two days after Mr. Xi ’s Mr. Xi’s speech , a    private equity fund manager , André    stood in a Davos room full of more than Mr. Xi predicted the dawning of a new era . " We heard a Chinese president becoming the leader of the free world , " he said . 
 the world a Chinese president 