Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said Monday that 1 , 934 U. S. persons had 934 U. S. persons identities unmasked in 2016 based on intelligence collected on foreign targets . [ The revelation came during a Senate Judiciary subcommittee hearing on Russian interference in the 2016 elections .   Director of National Intelligence James Clapper also revealed that Director of National Intelligence James Clapper had requested the unmasking , or identity , of either Trump , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper associates or members of Congress " once , " but said Director of National Intelligence James Clapper could not discuss why in a public setting . Trump has asserted that the Obama administration had surveilled members of Trump campaign , and last month , it was revealed that Susan Rice had requested the unmasking of Trump transition team members . On Friday , Sen. Rand Paul ( ) a 2016 presidential candidate , announced that Sen. Rand Paul ( ) a 2016 presidential candidate had been told by several sources that the Obama administration had unmasked his or Sen. Rand Paul ( ) a 2016 presidential candidate campaign Sen. Rand Paul ( ) a 2016 presidential candidate identities , and has requested more information from the Trump administration and the intelligence community on that . Chairman Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) said prior to his subcommittee Chairman Sen. Lindsey Graham investigation on Russian interference in the election , he had Chairman Sen. Lindsey Graham known a lot about unmasking , but that what he ’s Chairman Sen. Lindsey Graham is " disturbing . " Under Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , communications of U. S. persons can be legally captured during surveillance of a foreign target . Since it is illegal to gather intelligence on U. S. U. S. a warrant , their identities are U. S. persons when caught up in such surveillance , unless there is a request to unmask their identities for their identities national security reasons . A private phone conversation that appears to have been intercepted in such surveillance between former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak was leaked to the Washington Post in a February 9 article . Former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates during the hearing said she had notified Former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates House Counsel Don McGahn of that conversation on A private phone conversation that appears to have been intercepted in such surveillance between former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak , but that she did not know Former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates later leaked it to the Washington Post . the Washington Post 