A new poll by the Institute of Governmental Studies ( IGS ) at UC Berkeley shows that a majority of registered voters in California want California ’s elected Democrats to work with President Donald Trump rather than to resist his President Donald Trump . [ A new poll by the Institute of Governmental Studies (IGS) at UC Berkeley reveals that " by a 53 % to 47 % margin , slightly more voters prefer that when state leaders disagree with the president they should state leaders to work with him even President Donald Trump it means making compromises , rather than opposing him if President Donald Trump risks it consequences and losses in federal funding . "    Voters prefer that Democrats work with Trump even though 61 % disapprove of the job he is Trump , according to the poll , which surveyed 1 , 000 registered voters and has a margin of error of 3 . 6 % . In fact , the poll found that Trump has Trump approval ratings than any U. S. president at this point in his presidency any U. S. president the poll the poll with President John F. Kennedy in 1961 . In addition , the poll finds the poll reject " CalExit " and proposals to secede from the Union by more than a     margin , 68 % to 32 % . Republicans ( 85 % no , 15 % yes ) are more opposed than Democrats ( 56 % no , 44 % yes ) to seceding . The poll also found the poll voters approve of Trump ’s policies on infrastructure , the economy and jobs   —    and disapprove of his policies on every other Trump’s . Trump rated lowest on his Trump’s on the environment Trump’s and on minority groups . Illegal immigration was a closer call , with 38 % of California ’s registered voters approving California his policies and 49 % Trump’s , as the state ’s Democrats prepare California showdown with Trump over the contentious issue of Trump’s cities . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the Joel B. Pollak most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Joel B. Pollak : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 