We have no intention to allow the    activities of former President Obama ’s administration to fade into the sunset now that he is out of office . Particularly egregious was he use of the might of the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) to target groups that disagreed with he political views . [ And    at the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) continues .   Last week , Judicial Watch reported that the agency informed the U. S. District Court that it located " an additional 6 , 924 documents of potentially responsive records " relating to our 2015 Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) lawsuit regarding the the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) scandal the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) The lawsuit at issue sought records about the IRS selection of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and organizations for audits based upon applications requesting    tax status filed by Tea Party and other 501 ( c)(4 )    organizations ( Judicial Watch v. Internal Revenue Service ( No . 1 :   ) ) . These newly identified records are presumably not the records contained in the    " Congressional Database , " which the IRS created the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to house records responsive to congressional inquiries into the IRS scandal . The the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) informed JW the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is producing an additional the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) pages of documents and expects to produce an additional batch by March 24 , 2017 .   However , at this time , the IRS still has not the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) regarding when it will complete its review of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) potentially responsive the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) . The corruption at the IRS is astounding . Our the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that there were more records to be searched , but the Obama IRS ignored this issue for the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) July 2015 , we released Obama IRS documents confirming that the agency used donor the Internal Revenue Service (IRS)    organizations to target the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for audits . The documents also show that IRS officials specifically highlighted how the Obama IRS documents confirming that the agency used donor lists of   organizations to target those donors for audits Chamber of Commerce the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) come under " high scrutiny " from the IRS . In September 2014 , another JW FOIA lawsuit the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) release of documents detailing that the IRS sought , obtained , and maintained the names of donors the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other conservative groups . IRS officials acknowledged in these documents that " such information was not needed the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) " The documents also documents detailing that the IRS sought, obtained, and maintained the names of donors to tea party and other conservative groups the donor names were being used for a " secret documents detailing that the IRS sought, obtained, and maintained the names of donors to tea party and other conservative groups . " The Obama IRS scandal continues , and President Trump needs to clean house at the the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) as quickly as possible . # # # 
 the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) 