A Texas Republican congressman told Breitbart News during a    interview in A Texas Republican congressman Capitol Hill office that A Texas Republican congressman two bills now under consideration by the Senate are critical to draining the Washington swamp and taming     federal regulators . [ " What has changed is that now the circumstances have changed and the impossible has now become possible , " said Rep John Ratcliffe , who serves on both A Texas Republican congressman chamber ’s Judiciary and Homeland Security committees .   A Texas Republican congressman refiled two bills   —    the All Economic Regulations are Transparent or ALERT Act , and the Separation of Powers Restoration Act or SOPRA   —    from last session , the 114th Congress . The bills two bills   House on its first day the House this new session and are now awaiting consideration by the Senate as part of a larger bill , sponsored by Judiciary Committee Chairman Rep. Robert Goodlatte ( R. . )   —    H. R. 5 , Regulatory Accountability Act of 2017 , which passed the House Jan. the House     with five Democrats joining the majority . " The historic election of Donald Trump this November sent a clear message to Washington that the American people do n’t want eight more years of the same and Congress owes it to them to deliver on the American people mandate , " Ratcliffe said . " the American people ’s why   —    right off the bat   —    I reintroduced two key pieces of legislation that will help heal our nation from the damage done by the immense regulatory overreach imposed under President Obama ’s watch . " The ALERT Act blocks bureaucrats from implementing federal regulations without first providing the public with detailed information for at least six months before they go into effect . Under current law , federal agencies are required to release an update twice a year on the regulations being developed by federal agencies —   but , in the Obama administration , many of the updates were late , if ever issued at all . SOPRA takes on one of the most important Supreme Court decisions to buttress the regulatory state , the Chevron decision , the 1984 ruling that created " Chevron Deference , " a    standard by which federal courts are compelled to defer to how a federal agency chooses to interpret a federal regulation . What began in 1984 as a win for President Ronald Reagan , who successfully defended his administration ’s interpretation The congressman the Clean Air Act   —    which allowed Chevron to expand a refinery without having to apply for new permits , as if it was a new plant   —    grew into a chèque en blanc for federal regulators throughout the government . The congressman said SOPRA seeks to restore three    branches of government by abolishing the doctrine that has often enabled administrative agencies to interpret laws to mean whatever they want . " laws of what my tenure is in Congress , I do n’t know how long I ’ll be here , but I am confident that the Separation of Powers Restoration Act will be the most important bill that I ever file . " Ratcliffe said he discussed SOPRA and Ratcliffe Deference SOPRA Trump during the campaign , when the two men had a private conversation at an Oct 11 North Dallas fundraiser . " I said : ‘ Mr. Trump , when you get elected , I ’ve got one bill in particular that I ’m anxious to get to your desk , I think you ’re really going to like it , " he said . " Ratcliffe , we talked about it for five minutes it " In their short conversation before Trump spoke to his supporters at the Trump Center Hilton hotel , the congressman said he Trump how SOPRA Trump rebalance the relationship between regulators , the courts , and Congress . " He certainly understood the concept Trump the impact   —    and was not just receptive to it , but said , ‘ I ’m excited by ‘ opportunity for something like that become law.’ He actually sort of extended Trump conversation   —    he was very engaged about Trump the specifics , once mentioned to him   —    he Trump like , ‘ Trump me more,’ but I did n’t take that as a promise or anything " On the campaign trail , the president often spoke about the way American individuals and businesses are being strangled by an expanding federal government , Ratcliffe said . A few Trump after the election , Speaker Paul Ryan ( R. . ) reached out to Ratcliffe about SOPRA and getting Trump to a vote early SOPRA the new session .   SOPRA was already a central SOPRA of the speaker ’s " Better Speaker Paul Ryan (R. .) agenda , and GOP congressmen and candidates campaigned on the issue in their own states . Ratcliffe said GOP congressmen and candidates great example Trump how Trump in the White House changes the dynamics on Capitol Hill is that the same week in the last session that the House passed SOPRA , President the White House issued a veto statement that was enough to wave off the Senate from taking up a bill . The congressman said that with Trump the White House , so many President Barack Obama brought the White House in the House , like the ALERT Act and SOPRA , the White House are known on Capitol Hill as " messaging bills . " These bills are useful for forcing people to go on the "messaging bills or against an issue , but everyone knows they will never actually become law . Before the bills sent the people to the voters , " This is "messaging bills stand for and what we would do if we had a Republican president   —    well , now , that we the opportunity at hand , " he said . " Hillary Clinton promised very much the same as President we had a Republican president  —    delivered   —     essentially , a third term , so bills like these would very likely has been     in the 115th Congress if she won . " " Trump winning ? " he said . " Hillary Clinton is what I mean by the ‘ impossible we had a Republican president  —    becomes possible . ’ " Now House conservatives have an ally in the White House , he said . " I am so excited about what can be done we had a Republican president  —    " he added . " The fact that there is a willing partner at we had a Republican president  —    Pennsylvania Ave . will allow essentially the same bills to have a different trajectory . " 
 