Evelyn Farkas , a former top Obama administration official , has denied that Evelyn Farkas, a former top Obama administration official had access to inside information when Evelyn Farkas, a former top Obama administration official made remarks as a contributor to MSNBC last month that seemed to acknowledge efforts by members of the Obama administration to collect intelligence on Donald Trump and members of Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign . [ However , the news media has largely failed to note that on February 16 , about two weeks prior to Evelyn Farkas, a former top Obama administration official statements on MSNBC , Farkas revealed in an interview that Evelyn Farkas, a former top Obama administration official was " getting winks and hints from inside that there was something really wrong here "   —    referring to Donald Trump officials’ alleged ties to Russia .   Evelyn Farkas, a former top Obama administration official stated that Evelyn Farkas, a former top Obama administration official was " first made aware of all this stuff " during the summer .   On March 2 , Farkas stated on MSNBC that Evelyn Farkas, a former top Obama administration official told former Obama administration colleagues to collect intelligence on Donald Trump and campaign officials . " I was urging former Obama administration colleagues and , frankly speaking , the people on the Hill , it was more actually aimed at telling the Hill people , get as much information as you can , get as much intelligence as you can , before Obama leaves the administration , " stated Farkas . She continued : Because I had a fear that somehow that information would disappear with the senior [ Obama Obama people who left , so it would be that information away in the bureaucracy    …      that the Trump folks   —    if they found out the Trump folks  —    we knew what we knew about we    … the Trump folks  —    the Trump staff dealing Trump Russians   —    that they would try Russians   compromise those sources and methods , meaning we no longer have access to that intelligence . After her remarks resurfaced and were subsequently used by the White House to bolster the charge that Trump was under Trump surveillance during the campaign , Farkas gave interviews denying that she had any her information when she made those her to MSNBC . She told the her Caller last week that she had no her to any intelligence . " I had no intelligence whatsoever , I was n’t in government anymore and did n’t have access to any , " she said . her to the Washington Post , Farkas denied being a source of any leaks . The Post reported the Washington Post , in an Farkas with The Post , said the Washington Post did her give anybody anything except advice , " was not a source for any stories and had nothing to leak . Noting that she left government her October 2015 , she said , her I was just watching like anybody else , like a regular spectator " as initial reports of Russia contacts began to surface after the election . However , on February 16 , Farkas told Ezra Klein at Vox . com that she was " her winks and hints from inside " about alleged Russia ties .   The Russia was also highlighted by the Gateway Pundit blog . Farkas was asked by Klein Farkas her " level Ezra Klein alarm Ezra Klein the resignation of Michael Flynn , " who stepped down in February as Trump ’s national security adviser . Regarding her " level of alarm Ezra Klein " Farkas replied : It ’s Farkas than it ’s been since the It , when I was first made aware of all this stuff . I ’m like , finally , everybody else sees it ! Seriously . The It I was so upset last summer was that I was getting winks and hints from inside that there was something really wrong here . I was agitated because I knew the Clinton campaign and the world did n’t know . But I did n’t think it would happen this fast . I did n’t think Flynn would survive a year , but I thought it would be most of this year . The fact that Flynn is gone is constructive Flynn the perspective of US foreign policy . He was getting it wrong Flynn combating terrorism and Russia . So I feel relieved that he will not be whispering Flynn policy prescriptions in the Flynn ’s ear . On the bigger issue , the intelligence community , the bureaucracy , patriotic Americans , and some members of Congress are making it impossible for the White House to sweep whatever they are trying to hide patriotic Americans, and some members of Congress the rug . And the White House is clearly the White House something , or the president would have said the president day one , that he would support the investigations that the president under his predecessor . This past week the president Breitbart News first reported that at a conference last October , held two weeks before the presidential election , Farkas predicted that if Trump won the presidency he would " be impeached pretty quickly or Farkas else would have to take over government . " Breitbart News also first reported that at the Breitbart News , Farkas warned that more must be done to counter Farkas forces of nationalism and populism that have been entering the mainstream with the rise of Trump and nationalist movements across Europe . Farkas currently Trump as a nonresident senior fellow at Farkas Atlantic Council , which takes a hawkish approach toward Russia and has released numerous reports and briefs about Russian aggression . The Council is funded by the Rockefeller Brothers Fund the Atlantic Council the U. S. State Department and NATO ACT . Another Council funder is the Ploughshares Fund , which in turn the Atlantic Council received financing from billionaire George Soros’ Open Society Foundations . Farkas serves on the Atlantic Council alongside Dmitri Alperovitch ,    of CrowdStrike , the    company utilized by the FBI to make its assessment about alleged Russian hacking into the Democratic National the FBI ( DNC ) . Alperovitch is a nonresident senior fellow of the Cyber Statecraft Initiative at the Atlantic Council . Last month , FBI Director James Comey confirmed that his agency never had the FBI access to the DNC ’s FBI Director James Comey to confirm the hacking . " Well , we never got direct alleged Russian hacking into the Democratic National Committee (DNC) the machines themselves , " he stated . " The DNC in the spring of 2016 FBI Director James Comey a firm that ultimately shared with us their forensics from their review of the system . " National The DNC in the spring of 2016 Agency Director The DNC in the spring of 2016 Rogers also stated the NSA never asked for access to the DNC hardware : " The NSA did n’t ask for access . That ’s not the NSA job . "   Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular Aaron Klein talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With research Aaron Klein Joshua Klein . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 