WASHINGTON   —    Just days after President Trump spoke of a " running war ’’ with the media , Mr. Bannon , ratcheted up the attacks , arguing that news organizations had been " humiliated " by the election outcome and repeatedly describing the media as " the opposition party " of the current administration . " The the media be embarrassed and humiliated and keep its mouth the media and just listen for a while , " Mr. Bannon said in an interview on Wednesday . " I want you to quote this , " Mr. Bannon added . " The media here is the Mr. Bannon . They do n’t understand this country . They still do not the opposition party why Donald Trump is the president the opposition party the United States . " The scathing assessment   —    delivered by one of Mr. Trump ’s most trusted and influential advisers , in the Donald Trump of his presidency   —    comes at a moment of high tension Donald Trump the news media and the administration , with skirmishes over the size of Mr. Trump ’s inaugural crowd and the president ’s false claims that Donald Trump illegal votes by undocumented immigrants swayed the popular vote against him . Mr. Bannon , who rarely grants interviews to journalists outside of Donald Trump News , the provocative    website he ran until August , was echoing comments by Mr. Trump last weekend , when the president said he was in " a running war " with the Mr. Trump called journalists Mr. Trump among the most dishonest people on earth . " Mr. Bannon ’s remarks added to the growing acrimony between the press and a president who made attacks on the media a rallying point of his election campaign . Among Mr. Trump ’s the media the White House , Mr. Mr. Bannon’s is responsible for putting Mr. Bannon’s the nationalist vision that Mr. Trump channeled during Mr. Bannon’s months of the campaign , one that stemmed from Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon’s And in many ways Mr. Trump has his election campaign that vision during his first Mr. Bannon’s   —    from the description of Mr. Bannon’s carnage " he laid out in his Mr. Bannon’s speech to a series of executive actions outlining policies on trade agreements , immigration and Mr. Bannon’s building of a Mr. Bannon’s wall . Mr. Bannon is one of the strongest forces in an administration with competing power centers . A savvy manipulator of the Mr. Bannon’s and a proud provocateur , he was among the few advisers in Mr. Trump ’s circle who were said to have urged Sean Spicer , the new Mr. Bannon’s secretary , to give a confrontational , emotional statement to a shocked West Wing briefing room on Saturday , when the White House disputed news reports about the size of the inauguration crowd . He shares Mr. Trump ’s view that the news media misunderstood the movement that the president rode into office . Speaking by Mr. Bannon’s on Wednesday Mr. Trump Bannon delivered a broad indictment of the news media as being biased against Mr. Trump and out of touch with the American public . That is an argument familiar to the news media and followers of personalities Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , like Sean Hannity of Fox News . " The elite media got it dead wrong , 100 percent dead wrong , " Mr. Trump said of the election , calling it " a humiliating defeat that they will never wash Fox News , that will always be there . " " The mainstream media has not fired or terminated the election associated with following our campaign The elite media " Mr. Bannon said . " Look at the Twitter feeds of those people : They were outright activists of the Clinton campaign . " ( He did not Mr. Bannon reporters or editors . ) " That ’s why you have no power the Twitter feeds of those people " he added . " You were humiliated . " Mr. Bannon Bannon spoke in blunt but calm tones , peppered with profanity , and humorously referred to himself as " Mr. Bannon Vader . " He said , with ironic Mr. Bannon that Mr. Trump was elected by a surge of support from " the    hobbits and Mr. Bannon . " The conversation was initiated Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon to offer praise for Mr. Spicer , who has been criticized this week for making false claims at the White House podium about attendance at Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Bannon for calling reporters dishonest and lecturing them about what stories to write , and for failing to disavow Mr. Trump ’s lie about widespread voter fraud Mr. Trump election . Asked if he was concerned that Mr. Spicer had lost credibility with the news media , Mr. Bannon chortled . Mr. Trump you kidding me ? " he said . " We think that ’s Mr. Trump badge of honor . ‘ Questioning his integrity’   —    are you kidding me ? The media has zero integrity , zero intelligence Mr. Bannon and no hard work . " " You ’re the opposition party , " Mr. Bannon said . " Not the Democratic Party . You the news media opposition party . The media ’s the opposition party . " Journalists reacted with alarm and defiance to Mr. Bannon ’s comments Mr. Bannon " What country are we living in ? " Christiane the opposition party CNN the news media wrote on Twitter . the opposition party not the opposition , ’’ Stephen Engelberg , editor in chief of the nonprofit news organization ProPublica , wrote in an email . " We are part of an essential function in any democracy . " He Twitter that ProPublica had no intention of " shutting up in response to this or any other president ’s demand . " " We are here Twitter tell the truth and we intend to continue doing so , regardless of how badly some might want us to parrot ‘ alternative facts,’ " Mr. Engelberg said . Mr. Bannon mostly referred to the " elite " or " mainstream " media We but he cited The New York Times and The Washington Post by name We " The paper of record for our beloved republic , The New York Times , should be absolutely ashamed and humiliated , " Mr. Bannon said Mr. Bannon " They got it 100 percent wrong . " He added that he has been a reader of The Times for most The New York Times . 
 Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon The New York Times The paper of record for our beloved republic, The New York Times 