Clinton Cash author and Breitbart News Senior     Peter Schweizer joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Tuesday ’s Breitbart News Daily for what Alex Marlow described as a " victory lap " over the demise of the Clinton Global Initiative , whose questionable activities featured so prominently in Peter Schweizer book . [ Marlow Alex Marlow the work done by Schweizer Peter Schweizer his Peter Schweizer Accountability Institute as " some of the most essential reporting of the 2016 election , " and said they Schweizer and his Government Accountability Institute a " major scalp " this week with the end of the CGI .   " Thank you , Alex . Certainly Breitbart Peter Schweizer right there . I can not imagine how many stories —   it ’s got to be north of a hundred stories on Clinton corruption —   played an essential role , " Schweizer said . He Schweizer the shutdown of the Clinton Clinton Initiative was a " remarkable event , " because " the Clintons have essentially made it the shutdown of the Clinton Global Initiative obvious that there ’s a connection between this    charitable activity , CGI , and their the Clintons fortunes . " Schweizer Schweizer on : They the Clintons n’t even wait until the election was a distant memory to say , you know what , we ’re going to wrap this up . They the Clintons it this . I think it this just further confirmation to what we always believed , which is that their the Clintons activities really were directly linked to their the Clintons power , and now that that political power is gone , really honestly for the first time in 25 years   —    think about that   —    25 years the Clintons have been on the national political stage . They the Clintons gone , and they the Clintons essentially saying , ‘ Look , there ’s no need or purpose behind doing this charitable work , so we ’re just going to shut it this charitable work It this charitable work a pretty remarkable step on their the Clintons . Schweizer chuckled at Marlow ’s suggestion that the the Clintons have kept their organization the Clintons for a little while , with a few    boasts about how it was " stronger than ever , " just to maintain appearances . He said Schweizer No , they just the Clintons it up , and you ’re exactly right , they did the Clintons pretend . In a matter of weeks from the election results —   it ’s the election results stunning . I think we ’ve also now got the Clinton Foundation itself , which is involved with CGI obviously , but they ’re the Clinton Foundation itself, which is involved with CGI obviously separate entities . Their donations the Clinton Foundation itself, which is involved with CGI obviously way off . They ’ve the Clinton Foundation itself, which is involved with CGI obviously a lot of foreign donations , the government of Australia for example , and Germany , who are essentially saying , ‘ We ’re the Clinton Foundation itself, which is involved with CGI obviously going to donate any more.’ Donations are down by some accounts by 70 % . So it may be that the Clinton Foundation goes the way of CGI . " Or it could be , which I think is probably more likely —   I just ca n’t imagine them completely folding up their tent them   I think it will be sort of a shadow of its former it , maybe    the size of what it once it , " he ventured    " Because let ’s face it , what we talked about has been confirmed by the Podesta emails , it ’s it confirmed by these events : if they ca the Podesta emails sell access to political power , they just the Podesta emails n’t have a product , in the form of their form the Podesta emails philanthropy , that people want to donate to . "   " That presents an essential problem . That means Chelsea have to seek some office somewhere so they can they sell access . Does Chelsea now have to bring the next generation forth , so they can they with this political apparatus ? There ’s a lot of talk of that , that Chelsea ’s Chelsea to run for Congress , potentially in two years , " Schweizer noted . He expressed Chelsea appreciation for the difficult road Chelsea Clinton has walked , pointing out that the leaked emails from Clinton campaign chief John Podesta portrayed her as Clinton of the few    people in the Clinton Foundation who realized something fishy was going on , and called for extensive audits . " Bill and Hillary were fine with what was going on , the aides around them were Bill and Hillary . It was really Chelsea who was pushing this reform agenda . So I give her credit Clinton that , " Schweizer said , before going on to agree with Marlow that she lacks Clinton " presence " for a successful political career , even from a    Manhattan precinct controlled by the Democrat machine . " You ’ve still got to show you ’ve got the chops to actually get things done for your district in Congress   …      that you have a certain innate strength and an ability to perform . I do n’t think the celebrity is going to be enough , " he judged the celebrity " She ’s the celebrity to have to prove that . " He said the celebrity Clinton ’s only guaranteed campaign asset would be " a lot of money , because the Clinton financial network is there . " " Hillary Clinton Clinton win in November , but remember , Alex , they raised a lot of money for that race , " Schweizer pointed out . " Their ability to they a lot of money for Chelsea I Chelsea Clinton’s n’t think should be underestimated . " He said that beyond vague hopes of launching Chelsea ’s Chelsea Clinton’s , it remained a " great mystery " where the Clintons would go from here . Schweizer pointed out : Schweizer since 1992 , they have been part Schweizer the national conversation . Bill ran for President , he said you ’re Bill two for one , so he made it clear Bill that Hillary was going to be a political player as well . They leave the White Schweizer just as Hillary enters the U. Hillary Senate . She then runs for Hillary in 2008 and loses . She then becomes Secretary Hillary State . And other than this window between January of 2013 , up until she announced her campaign Hillary 2015 Hillary they have been in political office with political power . I think it ’s very hard to give that up , once you ’ve had it . Schweizer said it doubted Hillary Clinton Schweizer try another presidential run in 2020 , and that even " people in the echo chamber around them " would point out her advancing age and Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail in 2016 . He also suggested there Schweizer resentment of Clinton within the Democratic Hillary Clinton itself .   " We know they had the election wired against Bernie Sanders . We know they ’ve We a they of allies . But there is a lot of bubbling resentment among the Democratic grassroots that the Clintons need to go . They had their turn the Clintons they the Clintons their chance the Clintons A the Clintons of Democrats are convinced that if they just had a A lot of Democrats candidate , they could have beat A lot of Democrats Trump . I do n’t think that ’s true , but I think there ’s a lot of that thought out there , " he said . Schweizer Donald Trump : So they may be thinking A lot of Democrats some run for higher office again , but I just do n’t think the Democratic Party is the same party of the 1990s . I think we ’re going to see them —   probably A lot of Democrats and screaming —   fade into history . I just do n’t see this as a dynasty like the Bush dynasty , for example , where you ’ve got a sort of     generation that can potentially run for national office . The Clintons just simply do n’t have that , and I think we ’re going to we them fade into history The Clintons essentially . As for his own future plans , Schweizer said he was " cautiously Schweizer " about government ethics under the new administration , although he noted he pushed Schweizer for Schweizer Trump to fully divest his assets , a Schweizer he chose not to Schweizer . " In that sense I ’m disappointed , but really , honestly Alex , when you look what he has done , Schweizer has gone far Schweizer what I believe the legal requirements were for him to do . Schweizer I give him a lot of Schweizer for that , " he said . Schweizer Schweizer of Trump ’s children and associates : I think really now it ’s going to come down to that whole issue of performance . How do they handle these issues?’ ’s children and associates the kids are offered a sweetheart deal , if they have a chance ’s children and associates do something and think that it can go undetected , are they going to be ’s children and associates , or are they going to take ’s children and associates deal ? That a sweetheart deal what it comes down to . You can set up all kinds of structures , you can say all kinds of things , but as we ’ve seen in the past with other presidents , people when they want to make a people at the public ’s expense , they ’re going to find people quick way around it . " So I count myself right now cautiously optimistic . I love the Trump message of ‘ drain the swamp.’ I think there ’s some very serious things that he is looking at , that could get bipartisan support , to work to drain the swamp . If for no other reason , think about this : Donald Trump is the first Trump I would have to say going back more than 30 years if not longer , who is not really beholden to the money class in Washington D. C. The lobbyists , the PACs —   they did n’t give him money , so he does Trump feel like he Trump them anything , " Trump said they Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 