Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : • President Trump ’s immigration order barring refugees and citizens of seven countries from entering the United States unleashed chaos on the U. S. immigration system , prompting continuing protests and legal action , much of the U. S. immigration system by lawyers working    at airport arrival halls . A White House official appeared to reverse part of the order , saying that green card holders from the barred countries   —    Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen   —    would be allowed to enter " going forward . " Here ’s what we know and do n’t know about the order . And here ’s our full coverage of the Trump administration . _ _ _ _ _ • Several European leaders rejected the refugee ban in blunt terms , and an array of Christian leaders denounced provisions that would favor Christian immigrants as discriminatory , misguided and inhumane . Even some top Republicans objected . Mr. Trump appeared to have more pleasant exchanges with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and Australia ’s prime minister , Malcolm Turnbull , who hoped for reassurance that the U. S. would honor the refugee resettlement deal struck with the Obama administration . _ _ _ _ _ • Myanmar was shaken by a rare and brazen assassination . The country Myanmar prominent Muslim lawyer , U Ko Ni , was shot dead at the airport in Yangon , after returning with a government delegation from a trip to Indonesia . He appeared to have been shot while in his family car He while holding his grandchild . He suspect was arrested , but no motive was immediately evident . _ _ _ _ _ • As Japan moves to accommodate Emperor Akihito ’s wish to give up the throne , many Japanese believe it is also time to clear the way for a woman to reign . It has been nearly 250 years since Japan had an Japan . " Like Queen Elizabeth in England , if Princess Aiko becomes the emperor , things may change in society , " a woman in Kanagawa Prefecture said . _ _ _ _ _ • And Roger Federer , 35 , became the oldest man to win a Grand Slam singles title in 45 years by defeating his longtime rival , Rafael Nadal , in an epic    final of the Australian Open . It was Federer ’s record 18th tournament championship and his first since his . The victory came a day after Serena Williams , 35 , defeated her sister Venus , 36 , for her    23rd her Slam singles title , becoming the oldest female Australian Open winner in the current era . • Hong Kong ’s monetary office says the city needs Hong Kong’s as 400 million more bank notes in circulation to handle Lunar New Year transactions and lai see distribution , which is valued at $ 1 billion . • Toshiba ’s    from its    investment in Toshiba S. construction firm focused on nuclear power projects could rise to $ 4 billion to $ 7 billion , enough to put the     company ’s future Toshiba • Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • Three people were killed when a boat carrying 31 people capsized in Sabah , Malaysia .    people , mostly Chinese tourists , have been rescued . [ Bernama ] • The Philippine government ’s free distribution of birth control has pitted President Rodrigo Duterte against the Catholic Church , and not for the first time . [ The New York Times ] • An American commando was killed in a raid on Qaeda militants in Yemen , the first counterterrorism operation approved by President Trump . [ The New York Times ] •   The New York Times have resumed operation of a reactor used to produce plutonium for its nuclear weapons program , the think tank 38 North North Korea . [ Reuters ] • The Israeli prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , weighed in on a contentious issue , saying the U. S. Embassy " needs to be " in Jerusalem . " All embassies should come here , " he said . [ The New York Times ] • The Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu of Mongolians protested for the second time this winter to demand that the government address choking air pollution in the capital , Ulan Bator . [ Associated Press ] • Taliban militants are tapping new revenues sources beyond the opium trade , including collecting utility bills , as they take over increasingly large areas of Afghanistan . [ Taliban militants New York Times ] • If you made a New Year ’s resolution this year , there ’s an 80 percent chance you ’ve already given it up or you ’re just about to . We you made a New Year’s resolution this year to help you stick with it   —    or revamp it into something you you made a New Year’s resolution this year want to achieve   — you made a New Year’s resolution this year so this month Smarter Living will offer tips , advice and motivation to help you . Every Monday in this space we ’ll pose a new idea , offer advice for staying strong and ask you a question . Then every Thursday we ’ll highlight a few of our favorite emails and offer a helping hand . To we in , email us at smarterliving@nytimes . com with the subject line " we resolution " and send us answers to the following three bullets . And , we this goes both ways , I ’ll start us off : • Your name : I ’m Tim we , your Smarter Living Editor . • Your resolution and why you chose it ( either the one you started with , or the one you really want to achieve ) : My resolution is to be better with money so I can save more and * gasp * maybe actually retire someday . • Two specific    within your resolution : In February , I ’ll order delivery for dinner one fewer night per week , and I ’ll stop buying one of my daily afternoon coffees ( which I buy solely out of habit , but which cost me around $ 500 over the course of a year ) . • An audacious plan to respond to climate change by building a city of floating islands in the South Pacific is moving forward , with the government of French Polynesia agreeing to consider hosting the islands in a tropical lagoon . •   A floating islands in the South Pacific fast online in China offers a bit of relief for those who dashed home for the new year only to face relentless personal questions from their families . • And we review " Behemoth , " those who dashed home for the new year only to face relentless personal questions from their families documentary from Zhao Liang that finds horror and surrealism in Inner Mongolia , where migrant iron and coal workers are shown as cogs in China ’s economic progress . Bruce Lee , the first superstar China    films , appeared to Western audiences in only five movies and a handful of TV roles before his early death in 1973 . But his influence has never really stopped growing , and his legacy his be found in some remarkable places . Take his for example , the video that Tom Brady , the N. F. L. quarterback , recently posted online to motivate his team for the playoffs . It features Lee ’s mantra the N. F. L. Be water , my friend . " the N. F. L. the impact he had on 1970s reggae music , appearing on album covers the N. F. L. like Lee Perry ’s " Kung Fu Meets the Dragon , " and inspiring countless songs and artists , such as Dillinger . David Henry Hwang , the    playwright , devoted an entire play to Lee ’s life , and called him the first "   male hero . " This week Lee the Museum of Modern Art in New York is screening all five of Lee ’s films in a series called " Eternal Bruce Lee Lee’s He ’s been honored in museums from Hong Kong to California Lee not to mention the Bruce Lee Action Museum in Seattle . Despite all the fanfare the Museum of Modern Art in New York mystery . Did you know Lee was the 1958    champion of Hong Kong ? _ Lee _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings . What would Hong Kong to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 