Wednesday on his nationally syndicated radio show , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh reacted to a shooting at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , VA that had resulted in five people hospitalized , including House Majority Whip Rep. Steve Scalise ( ) .   conservative talker Rush Limbaugh argued the shooter , identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois , was influenced by the media and the Democratic Party stoking hatred and resentment . Partial transcript as follows ( courtesy of RushLimbaugh . com ) : The sad and unfortunate fact is that , as evidenced by the sound bite of conservative talker Rush Limbaugh yesterday , I have foreseen this coming . You ca n’t continue to enrage people the way the left , and predominantly the media , has been doing . the Democratic Party and the left for years have been feeding this . And particularly since the election of Trump they The Democrat Party and the left for years The Democrat Party and the left for years their supporters that The Democrat Party and the left for years is guilty Trump guilty of treason . And every congressional hearing is going to provide the proof . Every one . Sessions yesterday , Comey a couple of times , Sally Yates , you name it . They build up these expectations that Trump is not Trump the president . He should n’t the president been . He cheated . the president colluded with the president Russians . There is n’t any evidence for it , and so every time the left builds up an event where this is going to be established as fact and it blows up in their faces , the Russians creates rising it followed immediately by rank disappointment and anger and letdown over the fact that it ’s not it . And I think these people on the left have the left to this extreme for quite a while . I have been worried about it for I do n’t know how long . And I ’ve been telling you so . And we could , if we wanted to , we could scour   we    well , we have . I we go back and show you tweets , I could read you tweets . I could tweets you statements made by elected Democrats and others promoting just this kind of behavior , just this kind of behavior . You can find it . If you look at the TV programs and the media personalities that this guy , Hodgkinson , was devoted to , you ’ll find out how radicalized he was by    TV and comedy . Last week Tonight With John Oliver , the Nightly Show on the Comedy Central , Democracy Now , The Ed Show , the Rachel Maddow Show . He apparently loved Rachel he , wanted her to run for Rachel Maddow . The Daily Show on Now, The Ed Show, the Rachel Maddow Show that he recommended everybody watch . Clearly , he was radicalized . Now , I also want to Bill Maher he probably started off this way Bill Maher I do n’t know that this guy ’s ever been Bill Maher rational , invisible functioning member of a community , but at Bill Maher he got radicalized , and if you dig deep you ’ll find   —    we ’ve got Bill Maher of it to share with you . This guy is the exact personification when I sit here and talk about the lunatic fringe base , Bill Maher base of the Democrat Party , this is the guy . This is the face . This is the picture . This is what you get when Bill Maher and fuel this , raw hatred and resentment , at some point This ’s gon na blow over , because it can not be contained , this kind of rage and repeated disappointment . You add climate change probably to it guy ’s list of grievances , and I think everybody ought to take a step back and realize this guy is not isolated . This guy is probably typical . Not that there ’s going to be rampant this guy’s but he just happened to this guy’s the edge and pull the trigger . But he , to me , is exactly what this guy’s am unfortunately worried about when I look at the way all of these this guy’s and all this guy’s nothingness , nothing burger stories have now been out there for month after month after month . And you add everything else that the Democrat and the liberal media agenda is . It ’s nothing but anger , it ’s nothing but rage , it ’s nothing but hatred , and it has to the Democrat and the liberal media agenda an outlet . And they the Democrat and the liberal media agenda it . The fact is the Democrat and the liberal media agenda they know it . Follow Jeff the Democrat and the liberal media agenda on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 the Democrat and the liberal media agenda the Democrat and the liberal media agenda they 