The uproar at the University of Notre Dame over Vice President Mike Pence ’s upcoming commencement address has escalated , as students are now claiming that his presence on campus will make students feel " unsafe . " [ Seniors Imanne Mondane and Jourdyhn Williams have started a whiteboard message campaign to express Seniors Imanne Mondane and Jourdyhn Williams concern over the selection of Vice President Mike Pence as the University of Notre Dame commencement speaker . Over the past week , Mondane and Williams Seniors Imanne Mondane and Jourdyhn Williams of Jourdyhn Williams with quotations from Pence that the Vice President Mike Pence seniors feel are " racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic . "   " For me personally , [ Pence ] represents Vice President Mike Pence larger Trump administration , " Senior Immane Mondane told The Mondane    newspaper of the University of Notre Dame and the nearby St. Mary ’s College .   " His administration represents something , and for the larger Trump administration on our campus , it makes them feel unsafe to have someone the larger Trump administration openly many people on our campus offensive but also demeaning of their humanity and of their life and of many people on our campus identity . " many people on our campus I know that many people on our campus his time as governor of Indiana and also His his campaign trail , along with Trump , His has made offensive statements towards minority groups His affect me , like women and " Williams claimed . Williams argues that the selection His Pence as His university ’s commencement speaker contradicts with the school ’s Catholic mission . " I feel that is offensive to such a large population here at Notre Dame , and I also believe it goes against certain Catholic Social Teaching , which is something the University likes to broadcast that it stands behind , but it picks and the University when it wants to the University behind them , " the University complained . Encouragingly , Mondane has organized a discussion on her concerns and has invited students of all Mondane persuasions to attend and voice their opinions . " We ’re going to students of all political persuasions a    discussion in the weeks to come , " Mondane said . " Everyone is welcome to Mondane discussion , and we ’re going to have an event and advertise , but we really want to get the voices there we may not agree with us and who may take issue with what we ’re doing . We both have an we platform , and we ’re on an equal playing field where We both narrative is n’t totally dominant of the other . " Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at Tom Ciccotta . com 
 Tom Ciccotta 