Dr. Zuhdi Jasser , founder and president of the American Islamic Forum for Democracy , strongly disputed accusations that President Trump ’s immigration order contains a " religious test " or " bans Muslims . " [ " I do n’t know where they ’re getting that from , " President Trump’s said . " I do n’t think they read President Trump’s immigration order . "   " I served on the U. S. Commission on Religious Freedom for four years , " President Trump’s pointed out . " We have an ambassador of religious freedom that goes around the world , trying to advance American values and protecting minorities . And it is extremely American , if American our first freedom American obviously , to protect religious freedom . That includes the persecution of minorities . " " The executive order from President Trump said nothing specifically about any specific religion . It said we The executive order from President Trump protect those persecuted in the name of religion , for their religion . those persecuted in the name of religion that would include Christians , Yazidis , and even Sunni Muslims like myself who are part of the majority in Syria   —    or Egypt , or Saudi Arabia , or wherever   —    but yet have dissident opinions that are persecuted , " he pointed out . Jasser said it truly would Jasser wrong to favor one religion over the other , " but it is very Jasser to favor those who are persecuted over those who are the oppressors . "   " And there ’s nothing more American than vetting American , and beginning to vet them against those those who are persecuted over those who are the oppressors believe in theocracy , " he added . Jasser We do n’t want people coming into this country that believe in the Islamic states . We want those We believe in freedom and liberty . I think it ’s appropriate to pause and begin the process of vetting ideology , which has n’t happened so far . We ’re sort We welcoming in anyone , including jihadists . It ’s just amazing how the identity Left loves to use us Muslims as a foil of identity politics . They ’re really not addressing what was written in that order . " Jasser said Trump ’s order was , if anything , too narrow . " I think there should have been more countries : Saudi Arabia , Pakistan , Qatar . The havens of the founding fathers of ISIS , I think , should have been included . But that would not make it more ‘ .’ There is nothing more    than helping dissident Muslims , helping those persecuted under theocracy , under the sharia state , if you will . " He noted that the seven countries affected by Trump ’s executive order are " the same seven countries that Obama listed as hot spots . " " I will say , there should be some fair criticism about the messaging from the White House on this , " he added . He I understand why they rushed it the seven countries affected by Trump’s executive order because this did n’t the seven countries affected by Trump’s executive order people to get a head start , the radicals to get a head start . But still , probably the implementation could have been done better at the front lines , in airports , etc . But that ’s a different criticism from having what I believe are    rallies across the country to try to undercut the stability of our country . " Jasser said it was time Jasser begin shifting " the axis of the conversation " about Islam and religious freedom . " The conversation for the last eight years , or even into the Bush administration , has been about ‘ countering violent extremism,’ which is a tactic , " he said . Jasser We need to start shifting to saying , ‘ Well , what are we for?’ We We against extremism . I think we should change We so that we ’re against We Islamism , so that we make it We   —    because when you make it clear and identify the enemy as theocratic Islamists , then Americans can start to say , ‘ Okay , so the    are our friends and allies , and the Islamists are our enemies.’ That our it actually more    rather than creating this sort of generic phobia of , ‘ Well , ‘ Muslim could be a terrorist . ’ " " That ’s number one . Number two , we need to talk about what we ’re for we " he continued . ‘ We will advance we who want freedom and liberty , who believe in secular democracy . Our Muslim reform movement has a    declaration that is a declaration of principles , that says we ’re against the Caliphate . We believe in we universal declaration of human rights . These are things that I ’d like to see the President , as he has this the President stay , start to engage . " " He talks about the President commission on radical Islamism . I hope he starts putting the President into play because the pause is just going to be a pause , with nothing gained , if we do n’t start to educate Americans about what we ’re for we and what the sides are , " he warned . the President The old allies in the Middle East   —    Saudi Arabia , etc .   —    they might be "The old allies in the Middle East  —   Saudi Arabia, etc.  —    us in this we program , but they ’re both "The old allies in the Middle East  —   Saudi Arabia, etc.  —    firefighters and the arsonists . We need to we clear that our principles in we , our religious freedom we are not embodied in those countries that are the cauldrons of radical Islam , " he said . Jasser invited listeners to consult the resources at the American Islamic Forum for Democracy website and the larger umbrella Muslim Reform Movement that stretches across Europe and Canada .   " Unfortunately , the identity Left , and the Islamists who are what I call ‘ ’ have been dominating the conversation , and they ’re just the identity Left, and the Islamists who are what I call ‘’ right now because they ’ve lost the identity Left, and the Islamists who are what I call ‘’ , " he said . the identity Left, and the Islamists who are what I call ‘’ News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 