CNN checked in on the    surveillance story Monday morning and seemed profoundly confused about what is actually going on:[An incendiary idea first put forward by    radio host Mark Levin is now burning across Washington , fanned by President Trump ’s tweets and a huge number of supportive commentators and websites   —    even though the facts do n’t back up the conclusion . Breitbart News has given the conspiracy theory a name : " DeepStateGate . " Others are going with " ObamaGate . " And Fox News host Sean Hannity is asking : " What did OBAMA know and when did OBAMA know it ? ? ? " Levin ’s original idea , advanced on Thursday , was that former President Barack Obama and Levin’s allies have mounted a " silent coup " against Trump using " police state " tactics . Levin news stories that supported his Levin and omitted information that cut against it his thesis The next day , Rush Limbaugh echoed Levin Levin " silent coup " language , and Breitbart columnist Joel Pollak published an " expanded version of that case . " That ’s how the idea reached Trump ’s radar . The Breitbart Breitbart columnist Joel Pollak " circulated " in the West Wing , a White House official told CNN ’s Jeff Zeleny , and the information " infuriated " Trump Trump’s To be clear , Levin and Limbaugh and Pollak did n’t publish any original reporting . They Levin and Limbaugh and Pollak claimed to have connected some dots . [ Emphasis mine ] Perhaps CNN CNN writers should read their writers copy more carefully and save themselves writers befuddlement . This is n’t an " incendiary idea put forth by    radio host Mark Levin , "    columnist Joel Pollak , or Joel ’s merry    sidekick , Yours Truly . We ’re all just reading stories the mainstream media pumped out with frantic speed over the past few months .    You made DeepStateGate happen , mainstream media . You ran    scuttlebutt from your old pals in the Obama administration to keep your precious " Russia stole the election from Hillary ! " narrative alive . You led your readers to believe it was all hard news , based on solid intel from trustworthy sources . As I noted on Sunday , sometimes you buried " this is all groundless hearsay " disclaimers six paragraphs into the stories , but the headlines screamed about the wiretaps that angered President Trump .   Here , for example , is a nice catch from    raconteur Raheem Kassam , the    editor of the    Breitbart London division of    Breitbart News : Mmmhmmm . pic . twitter .    —    Raheem Kassam ( @RaheemKassam ) March 6 , 2017 ,   That headline , " Wiretapped Data Used in Inquiry of Trump Aides , " was most assuredly not a    production , and it a   production not even slightly ambiguous about the existence of wiretapping . Jeff Dunetz at The Lid could n’t help noticing that the exact same reporter who wrote that New York Times piece in January is now claiming , right in his Jeff Dunetz , that Trump has " no evidence " of the very same wiretaps he Jeff Dunetz as established fact just two months ago . " This is the ultimate in liberal media bias . In January January S. Schmidt perpetuated the rumor that team Trump Trump Russian connections , and to support his Michael S. Schmidt he Michael S. Schmidt that Trump Trump people were wiretapped . However when President Trump his people Trump wiretapped , the same guy , Michael S. Schmidt , said there was no evidence , " Dunetz observes . This is backpedaling on a scale one would only expect to see if a pack of velociraptors appeared at the finish line of the Tour de France . It does This help that reporters slipped a few " none of this can be confirmed " caveats into their stories none of this —    caveats that were , of course , left out by the many social media loudspeakers that blasted their incendiary none of this into Twitter streams and Facebook feeds .   There were always cracks in the media ’s    stories . As of yesterday , the cracks cracks in the media important than the stories . stories media is the media us for daring to take their coverage seriously . The problem with major media coverage of intelligence stories is that top officials and policymakers always have more information than the public . The mainstream press has gone so berserk with anonymous leaks since Trump won the 2016 election that We the People have no logical means of fully evaluating anything they write . We do We the People know who the sources for these stories are , or what their agenda is   — these stories although skeptical readers can guess , based on how most of these anonymous leaks cut against the new White House . Kellyanne Conway made this point on Fox   Friends Monday , when she argued that President Trump Kellyanne Conway has information and intelligence that the rest of us do not " : " He ’s the President of Fox   United States . He has information and intelligence Fox   the rest of us do the rest of us —   @KellyannePolls pic . twitter .    —    FOX   friends ( @foxandfriends ) March 6 , 2017 ,   We ’ve heard such assertions many times before us from both sides of the partisan divide . For example , the defenders of NSA surveillance operations insisted they were useful for preserving national security , the defenders of NSA surveillance operations they could n’t give us the classified details the defenders of NSA surveillance operations would prove it . Critics had the same problem from the opposite direction . Many national security and law enforcement debates end with assurances that our top men and women know things they ca n’t tell us about . Until our top men and women , media coverage us been driven by anonymous leakers who assured us they know things they ca n’t tell us media coverage , peddling media coverage few juicy tidbits us were n’t supposed to talk about . media coverage President of the United States is very well situated to play that game too .   If Trump is strictly going by the reports from big media outlets and their favorite leakers , whose fault is it Trump he became convinced the Obama administration was spying Trump him ? Mark Levin hit that point in Trump response to the CNN article : I Mark Levin put together the stories that YOUR profession reported , on the public record .   Do you deny there were two FISA applications ?   Do you deny the first was turned down ?   Do you deny the second was approved ?   It ’s called the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court the second   It is about surveillance .   The fact the second we can not discern all the details because of the secrecy , except for what the media have revealed and selective leaks by the government , should cause you to want to know more , not to trash those who point it out .    And yes , we can make several logical implications based on events and experience .    A FISA application is a big deal      One , or two in this case , that involve campaign surrogates , or a server or computer related to a candidate or campaign , etc . is a big deal .   President Obama ’s statement is not a definitive statement of anything , other than he , personally , did not order a President Obama , which I never claimed .   But that does not mean he was unaware of surveillance activity by several President Obama his departments , even through routine reports to President Obama president , such as the Daily Intel Briefing or information conveyed to him or his staff via the Justice Department President Obama the President Obama    activities . Levin noted that in the course of denying any FISA surveillance was conducted against Trump Tower , James Clapper also said " no connections between the Russians and the Trump campaign have been found . " That is    …      rather different from the conclusion one would reach by ingesting mainstream media coverage over the past few months , is n’t it ?   Perhaps CNN should take a break from sneering at "   conspiracy theories " and take a look at what    blogs have been saying about the    story . Until yesterday , they were firmly convinced that extensive surveillance was conducted against Trump and his campaign , and it produced all kinds Trump damaging information . President Trump is gambling a good deal of Trump his accusation of Obama wiretapping . The Obama officials Trump Big Media outlets sitting across the Obama from him do n’t have much credibility to ante up Trump him . Complicated controversies usually have complex outcomes , Trump the smart bet is that both sides will end up with something that allows them to claim vindication , and we ’ll most both sides have another credibility smackdown . Meanwhile , we ’ll probably see a sharp decrease in reports based on leaked material the media insisted was genuine , right up until the moment Donald Trump believed them . 
 Trump the media 