HONG KONG   —    You might call it a Noah ’s Ark for an era of melting polar ice sheets . An audacious plan to respond to climate change by building a city of floating islands in the South Pacific is moving forward , with the government of French Polynesia agreeing to consider hosting floating islands in the South Pacific in a tropical lagoon . An audacious plan to respond to climate change by building a city of floating islands in the South Pacific is being put forward by a California nonprofit , the Seasteading Institute , which has raised about $ 2 . 5 million from more than 1 , 000 interested donors . Randolph Hencken Mr. Hencken work on the An audacious plan to respond to climate change by building a city of floating islands in the South Pacific start in French Polynesia as French Polynesia Polynesia year , pending the results of some environmental and economic feasibility studies . " We have a vision that we ’re going to create an The group that provides floating islands The group people who are threatened by rising sea levels , " Mr. Hencken said . The group ’s original founders included Peter Thiel , a billionaire investor and prominent supporter of President Trump , although Mr. Thiel is no longer donating to the institute , Mr. Hencken said . Mr. Hencken said that the project ’s Mr. Hencken would cost a Mr. Hencken $ 10 million to $ 50 million and house a few dozen people and that the initial residents would most likely be    buyers from the developed world . He added that the institute was seeking to build the islands in what Mr. Hencken be a the institute of a special economic zone the project’s pilot islands it would showcase innovations in solar power , sustainable aquaculture and    wind farms the institute The project ’s leaders face many hurdles , such as building    systems for the islands and convincing investors to buy property in such an untested environment . Joe the project’s pilot islands a spokesman for the Seasteading Institute , said in a 2014 video that the cost of housing on the artificial islands would initially be on par with real estate in London or New York the project’s pilot islands the project also appears to show how the acceleration of climate change has prompted technology entrepreneurs to devise innovative solutions to    problems like rising sea levels . " The oceans are the most ignored part of the planet , so I ’m excited by the possibilities which will emerge when you get some of Silicon Valley ’s more adventurous souls focusing on the sustainable use of our coastal and marine areas , " Lelei LeLaulu , a development entrepreneur from Samoa who specializes in the Pacific Islands and advises the International Finance Corporation on sustainable business , said in an email from French Polynesia . But the project has critics in French Polynesia and beyond . Alexandre Le Quéré , a radio host at the station Polynésie 1ère , French Polynesia French Polynesia that the Seasteading Institute ’s project reminded him of a plan to build artificial islands off the Indonesian resort island the project heavy criticism amid concern over its projected environmental effects . " One might think the engineers behind Seasteading have responses to these ecological questions , " Mr. Le the Seasteading Institute said . " Nevertheless , it does n’t stop skepticism about this slightly crazy project . " Mr. Hencken said that he expected the project to eventually include dozens of artificial islands and that similar projects could someday be built Mr. Le Quéré atoll nations or Mr. Le Quéré areas this slightly crazy project rising sea levels . He added that the cost of housing would decrease as the    island platforms became cheaper to manufacture . " I certainly do n’t Mr. Le Quéré this is a project that is exclusively for the wealthy , " he said , adding that his background was in social justice activism . But experts familiar with climate change and the South Pacific said Mr. Le Quéré doubted the project would Mr. Le Quéré feasible on a wide scale in a region with some of the world ’s poorest countries . They also experts familiar with climate change and the South Pacific whether the money could be better spent on education or health care . " I would n’t write it off entirely I experts familiar with climate change and the South Pacific come to these things with a healthy skepticism , " said Matthew Dornan , the deputy director of the Development Policy Center at Australian National University in Canberra . " There is a tendency for very technologically focused solutions to the challenges in the Pacific without any real input from the Pacific Islanders themselves , " he added . Simon Donner , a geography professor at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver who studies the effects of climate change in Matthew Dornan, the deputy director of the Development Policy Center at Australian National University in Canberra Pacific Islands , said that the French Polynesia project looked intriguing and that he had no reason to doubt that its backers were well intentioned . But he said the project reflected a cruel reality : The developed Matthew Dornan, the deputy director of the Development Policy Center at Australian National University in Canberra is both responsible for climate change the French Polynesia project better able to cope with it Matthew Dornan, the deputy director of the Development Policy Center at Australian National University in Canberra The the French Polynesia project project would effectively be a " cruise ship , " Professor Donner said . " Meanwhile , the other actual islands the French Polynesia project the the French Polynesia project the impacts of climate change . " Mr. Hencken disputed that assessment , saying it was unfair to compare his initiative with traditional aid projects . " We ’re not taking French Polynesia ’s money , " he said . " We ’re that assessment our own money with Mr. Hencken hopes of making a direct and indirect benefit to our host . Polynesia The French Foreign Ministry Mr. Hencken not respond to an emailed request for comment on the Seasteading Institute ’s plan . Recent climate models predict that our world ’s oceans could rise five to six feet by 2100 , roughly twice the increase reported as a plausible    scenario by a United Nations panel in 2013 . Atoll nations in the Pacific are seen as uniquely vulnerable to sea level rise because they are often    and extremely narrow . One of them , Kiribati , has become an unofficial champion of a movement to call global attention to the threat uniquely vulnerable to sea level rise In an interview with The New York Times last uniquely vulnerable to sea level rise , Kiribati ’s president at the time , Anote Tong , said he had commissioned experts from the government of the United Arab Emirates to study the feasibility of artificially raising Kiribati ’s islands as a climate adaptation strategy . But an interview with The New York Times last year, Kiribati’s president at the time, Anote Tong declined to provide specifics , and subsequent attempts to reach officials in Kiribati and the United Arab Emirates Kiribati’s were unsuccessful . Koen Olthuis , an architect in an interview with The New York Times last year, Kiribati’s president at the time, Anote Tong Netherlands whose projects are entirely    said that interest in amphibious Kiribati among developers the United Arab Emirates worldwide in the last four years and that floating projects could potentially have an enormous range of beneficial social uses . An early example , he said , is a floating school he designed recently for Bangladesh , where sea level rise threatens    coastal communities . Mr. Olthuis said that the technical challenges of artificial island construction Koen Olthuis, an architect in the Netherlands whose projects are entirely    be resolved and that he hoped Koen Olthuis, an architect in the Netherlands whose projects are entirely    French Polynesia project would succeed . But it was still an open question , Koen Olthuis, an architect in the Netherlands whose projects are entirely    , what the ultimate goal or scale of such projects should be . " What Koen Olthuis, an architect in the Netherlands whose projects are entirely    we want to save ? How much money do we want to spend on it , Koen Olthuis, an architect in the Netherlands whose projects are entirely    what does it bring for those people ? " he said . " With billions , you can save 300 , 000 people . But you we also take them away and put them in other it and use those buildings to help Koen Olthuis, an architect in the Netherlands whose projects are entirely    in slums worldwide . " 
 those people those people 