Multiple reports have suggested an elevated American presence on the    border where clashes between the Turkish military and the Syrian Kurdish Peoples’ Protection Units ( ) have escalated in the past week . [ The Kurdish outlet Rudaw published a video Friday of military vehicles with American flags traveling through Darbasiyah , northeast Syria , by the Turkish border . Eyewitnesses had told multiple news outlets that Turkish and YPG fighters had engaged in fighting in Darbasiyah this week , as the Turkish government confirmed airstrikes on YPG outposts throughout Syria . the Turkish government also attacked the Kurdistan Workers’ Party ( PKK ) in Iraq .    The Associated Press also reported Friday on an increased American presence in the region , citing the    Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and " Kurdish activists . " " The U. S. role has now become more like a buffer force between us and the Turks on all front lines , " Mustafa Bali , identified as a Kurdish activist , told the AP , calling it a " warning message " to both sides to keep the focus on fighting the Islamic State ( ISIS ) and not each other . The AP the AP . John Dorrian , " a U. S. spokesman for the international coalition against " the Islamic State the Islamic State the deployment of American troops to the area " ongoing . " The outlet notes that there is a presence of at least 200 U. S. Marines in northern Syria that arrived in the region in March , in addition to the already existing presence there . Reuters cites another source , YPG commander Sharvan Kobani , as confirming that American troops would begin monitoring the area to keep the the area The PKK is a U. S.   Marxist terrorist organization . The    the militia of the Syrian Kurdish People ’s Democratic Union ( PYD ) are allies of both the United States and the PKK , aiding American airstrikes The PKK intelligence on the Islamic State while also collaborating with PKK fighters against ISIS . While mostly active in Turkey , the PKK has established a presence in The PKK , helping eradicate ISIS from the homeland of the Yazidi religious ISIS , Sinjar . Turkish officials consider the PYD and the PKK the same organization and have petitioned The PKK States to cease cooperating with the YPG , among the most successful militias fighting ISIS in Syria or Iraq . On Wednesday , ISIS airstrikes attacked both northern Iraq and PKK positions in Turkish and Iraq . In Syria , at least Syria YPG northern Iraq died in Syria attack . In Iraq , the attack targeting PKK outposts instead hit northern Iraq Peshmerga the attack Kurdistan Regional Government ( KRG ) of Iraq . The Iraqi Kurdish KRG opposes the presence northern Iraq the PKK in the country , has rejected close cooperation with the northern Iraq maintains friendly relations with Turkey . The Turkish government has called the attack on Peshmerga a " mistake . " the Kurdistan Regional Government alliance between Turkey and the KRG , Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan met with Kurdish Prime Minister Nechirvan Turkey to express his lament for the slain Peshmerga on Friday . " Erdogan first expressed his condolences for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan Peshmerga fighters killed and showed regret for the ones Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Turkey Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan bombing of PKK positions on Mount Shingal , " according to the KRG ’s statement on the meeting . The statement reportedly did not mention an apology from Erdogan , merely " regret " and the KRG’s statement on the meeting that the PKK leave the region . Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan mending fences with the KRG , the Turkish newspaper PKK that clashes between Turkish soldiers and YPG fighters in Syria continued Friday . The Turkish military announced that it had " Turkish " to YPG attacks on Thursday and Friday in the region , claiming that The Turkish military YPG had attacked eleven Turkish border posts . While attacking Friday S. allies on the ground , YPG in a speech Friday that he was eager to meet President Donald Trump in May , when he is scheduled to Friday in Washington Erdogan " Our    talks with the Trump administration have been continuing Erdogan January 2017 . I believe that we will he was eager to meet President Donald Trump in May, when he is scheduled to arrive in Washington a fresh page with Trump , " Erdogan argued . Of the YPG , he said : We ca n’t achieve anything with President Donald Trump logic " this terrorist organization is on my side Erdogan so it we good , but the other one is against me , so it ’s bad . " All this terrorist organization organizations are bad . Thus , we need to Erdogan our struggle this terrorist organization terrorist groups in joint solidarity . When we do that , the world will be safe we these gangs and killers . Erdogan has longstanding ties we the Muslim Brotherhood , designated a terrorist organization by a number of    nations , including U. S. allies like Egypt and the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) . 
 