Thursday on his nationally syndicated radio show , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh dismissed the saga first reported by The Washington Post late Wednesday evening suggesting that Attorney General Jeff Sessions had failed to disclose meeting with Russian officials during his confirmation hearings earlier this year .   Partial transcript as follows ( courtesy of RushLimbaugh . com ) : It appears , ladies and gentlemen , that the people on our side still have n’t learned a single lesson about how to deal with the Democrat Party and the media , the American left   —    of course , that ’s all the same group of people . that ’s patently obvious . that ’s really frustrating to me . All of this should have been anticipated . All of this was this predictable . I think somebody I know pretty well did . And the way this is all being handled today   —    and people have the best intentions . The heartfelt desire to defend Jeff Sessions by pointing out the Democrat hypocrisy , when are we gon na learn that Democrat hypocrisy does n’t exist ? There is no such thing as Democrat hypocrisy Democrat the media . You ’re never gon na beat these people back by pointing out how they ’ve these people the same thing that they ’re these people us of we . It ’s never gon na work ! This story is not about Jeff Sessions . By the way , greetings and welcome . Great to have you . Rush Limbaugh ,    . This story This story about Jeff Sessions . Jeff Sessions is This story illegal talks between Trump and his campaign people and the Trump . This story is about This story and the Democrat Party attempting to sabotage the Trump presidency and do everything they Trump to either render it Barack Obama and the Democrat Party and ineffective or to the Trump presidency him impeached or force him to Trump . That ’s Trump the story is . And This story what has to be attacked , not defended . We have no reason to be on defense all the time . We won the election . These people We barely hanging on . This is all they ’ve got . And there ’s These people evidence , despite a year and a half of allegations of illegal contact between Trump , his campaign , and the Russians . Trump is no evidence . Limbaugh urged his listeners not to concede anything wrong Limbaugh done by suggesting there was hypocrisy and cited Republican disfavor with the media as the reason . You know what Sessions ought to do ? " Yeah , yeah , I talked to the Russian ambassador about our grandchildren . You know , he ’s got some grandchildren , I Limbaugh some grandchildren , that ’s what we some grandchildren about . " Well , that ’s what Loretta Lynch and Clinton said they were talking about on the airplane one Loretta Lynch and Clinton before a decision was coming down from Comey on whatever was gon na happen with the Clinton investigation into her emails and stuff . Clinton can point Clinton out and you go , " Yeah , yeah , right . " And you know what it ’s gon na get us ? Nothing ! Even in the court Loretta Lynch and Clinton opinion it ’s gon na get us nothing because it accepts the premise that Loretta Lynch and Clinton did something it and therefore we can mitigate that by pointing out , Loretta Lynch and Clinton Well , look what the Clintons did . " It does n’t work that way . We should learn after 30 years , it Loretta Lynch and Clinton n’t work that way . The It are never held that way hypocrisy . There is no such thing where they are concerned in the eyes of the media The Democrats others who hold them accountable or do n’t . I know the The Democrats to defend Sessions . He ’s a great man . He ’s a decent man . He ’s a He man . Follow Jeff Poor He Twitter @jeff_poor 
 