The Trump White House is weighing The Trump White House options to fire Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) Director Richard Cordray . [ Richard Cordray directs the CFPB .    legislation tasked the CFPB with regulating mortgages and other consumer loans from predatory practices .   The Boston Globe reports that the White House will decide the future of the director , seen by critics as partisan , unconstitutional , and abusing his authority to regulate the consumer financial world . One lobbyist said , " They One lobbyist to fire him his Their One lobbyist counsel are looking at every angle . " Firing Cordray will not be as simple . The CFPB is an independent agency , and his The CFPB as director expires in 2018 . Trump can only dismiss Cordray Cordray inefficiency , neglect of duty , or malfeasance . Sources say that the administration examines Cordray Cordray    tenure as director to justify his Cordray’s    . A Washington , D. C. circuit court ruled in October that the CFPB is , by design , unconstitutional . Judge Brett Kavanaugh wrote in the majority opinion , " The director of the the CFPB more unilateral authority   —    that is , authority to take action on one ’s own , subject to no check   —    than any single commissioner or board member in any other independent agency in the U. S. government . " He continued Judge Brett Kavanaugh " The CFPB the CFPB of enormous executive power in a single , unaccountable , unchecked director not only departs from settled historical practice , but also poses a far greater risk of arbitrary    and abuse of power , and a far greater threat to individual liberty , than does a    independent agency . " Judge Kavanaugh ’s opinion gave a blistering refutation of the CFPB , the CFPB month when a U. S. appeals court agreed to reconsider the D. C. court ’s opinion to repeal his job protection . D. C. U. S. appeals a U. S. appeals court Republicans believe that the CFPB has made the CFPB for Republicans to the CFPB credit . Other conservatives contend that accountable to the president or Congress . Reformers in Congress want Congress , not the Federal Reserve , to fund the CFPB . Senator Ben the CFPB ) said , " The CFPB has done some things the CFPB good , and they ’ve done some things . . the CFPB that are really bad   . There are counties in Nebraska where you really ca n’t get a mortgage , and it ’s because of CFPB and larger    overregulation . " counties in Nebraska where you really can’t get a mortgage continued , " CFPB people in Nebraska have a problem that ’s actually created by bad    Nebraska the CFPB , who do they complain to ? Who really has the power ? He people in Nebraska n’t report anywhere . " 
 He 