Actress and comedian Leslie Jones slammed President Donald Trump , scolded white women who support Black Lives Matter , and tackled Actress and comedian Leslie Jones    career Thursday night in a politically charged    comedy set . [ In what the New York Times called a " raucous ,      set , " Leslie Jones questioned the likelihood that Leslie Jones ’ll ever find love in President Donald Trump America .   " I want to be in love , " Leslie Jones said . " I want to do that , but it that 2017 , and we got a pig in office . The world is about to end . " The Saturday Night Live star also chided white women who show up and march in Black Lives Matter protests . " If I see another     white woman from Williamsburg saying ‘ black lives matter,’ I ’m going to punch you in the mouth , " Leslie Jones said while performing in front of a packed audience at Carolines comedy club in New York City . " Stop doing that . " " Not one black woman out there , " Leslie Jones added . " Black woman at home watching Housewives of Atlanta . " Later in her "Black woman at home watching Housewives of Atlanta. " , Leslie Jones joked that having her "Black woman at home watching Housewives of Atlanta. " computer and iCloud account hacked and nude photos of her "Black woman at home watching Housewives of Atlanta. " online was not as embarrassing as having to explain the situation to her "Black woman at home watching Housewives of Atlanta. " female family members . " Now I got to explain this to my aunties , " Leslie Jones said . " They having her personal computer and iCloud account hacked and nude photos of her posted online was not as embarrassing as having to explain the situation to her elderly female family members , and they having her personal computer and iCloud account hacked and nude photos of her posted online was not as embarrassing as having to explain the situation to her elderly female family members civil rights . They having her personal computer and iCloud account hacked and nude photos of her posted online was not as embarrassing as having to explain the situation to her elderly female family members now getting computers . " The     star also ripped dog lovers during her The    star . In a bit about rescue dogs and their sanctimonious owners who say things like " Did I rescue the dog , or did the the dog me ? " Leslie Jones said , " How about both of y’ all get caught in a fire , and neither one of y’ all get rescued ? " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson . 
 