Israel Law Center founder Nitsana    told Breitbart News Daily in an exclusive Memorial Day radio special on SiriusXM 125 The Patriot Channel that The Patriot Channel ’s past time for the United States to cut funding to Palestinian terrorists and their families . [ ’s organization , an    law group , is representing the family of Taylor Force , a U. S. Army veteran who was murdered in cold blood by a Palestinian terrorist last year in Israel after serving the U. S. in both Iraq and Afghanistan . Force was in Israel as part of a school mission trip , and was killed by a Palestinian terrorist who thought he was attacking Jews —   even though Force was not Jewish but Christian .   " Force was a serviceman and he Force with his Force on a mission to Israel , a seven days tour , "    said in the interview , which aired Monday morning . " One of his Force in Israel was on Jaffa . It was nighttime , and a Palestinian young man came and stabbed him a Palestinian young man many , many others with a knife . He a Palestinian young man him a Palestinian young man also injured many , many others   …      He a Palestinian young man a great service to Israel a Palestinian young man He served a Palestinian young man Iraq and served in Afghanistan . And he came a Palestinian young man Israel Israel a tour in the framework of his school a Palestinian young man " Force was a     West Point graduate who served as a U. S. Army officer in Iraq and Iraq before Afghanistan in graduate school at Vanderbilt University . He was a Palestinian young man in a tourist area in Jaffa Port . At the time of the terrorist murder ,    President Joe Biden was meeting with    President Shimon Peres in Tel Aviv when the     Palestinian terrorist went on the stabbing spree claiming Force ’s life and injuring many others . " It ’s a tourist area , "    said . " The city Jaffa   . It ’s a very hopping Jaffa at nighttime . There is a boardwalk . Very late , there is a lot of people walking by the beach . And it ’s the kind of Jaffa place that you do not expect to be killed or stabbed . Anywhere in Israel , it ’s not supposed to Jaffa dangerous a place . This is a mixed area and there are a lot of Arabs in Jaffa , but the Palestinian who stabbed Taylor Force to death was not an Israeli Arab . He came from the territories the Palestinian who stabbed Taylor Force to death simply decided that he ’s going to out the Palestinian who stabbed Taylor Force to death and stab Jews . He did not recognize that the Palestinian who stabbed Taylor Force to death Force was not a Taylor Force and simply killed him with the rest of the Palestinian who stabbed Taylor Force to death people there . " In response to the terrorist attack that claimed Force ’s life , members of Taylor Force U. S. Congress drafted legislation in his name —   the the Palestinian who stabbed Taylor Force to death force Act —   which would cut U. S. funding to the Palestinian Authority until the organization stopped paying terrorists behind attacks like this and their families . " The Taylor terrorists Act would take away the amount of money the Palestinians obtain , "    said . " The Palestinians Authority is paying their the Palestinian Authority secure prisoners who are Palestinians in the Israeli jails being sentenced for killing and for taking acts of murder and acts of terror against civilians , and also the amount of money the Palestinians are paying the families of the the Palestinians . They have been rewarding the families of those who the Palestinians themselves and have killed the civilians . [ The the Palestinians would take the money out ] from the U. S. aid that the U. S. provides the Palestinian Authority . It the U. S. sort of deduction . They The bill the awards that the Palestinian Authority has given , they take it from the the Palestinian Authority , and they take it They what the awards that the Palestinian Authority has given U. S. gives the Palestinians . " They explained the awards that the Palestinian Authority has given the U. S. shocking " right now that the United States government is funding the Palestinians , who turn around and use the money to fund terrorists and their families after they commit these attacks . " This money is inducing others to go and kill their and as you can see the money Israelis are getting killed on the streets of    and Jerusalem , "    said . " A lot of tourists are getting killed . Israel is a popular country and gets a lot of visits from people all over the world , and Taylor Force was not the first American getting killed in    and unfortunately will not be the last one . The United States knows that part of the money they are giving to the Palestinian Authority is going to pay these prisoners and to pay The United States families of those who have killed their own civilians , American citizens , and as you say it ’s totally ironic , these prisoners and unbelievable that the administration keeps supporting the Palestinian Authority without demanding right now to bring to a halt right now all these the Palestinian Authority prisoners and the families of suicide bombers . " She added that unless the money flow from the United States is completely cut off , there is " not a chance —   not a chance " that the Palestinian Authority would stop using it to fund terrorists and the families of terrorists . The reason the Palestinian Authority said , is because it the Palestinian Authority in the " culture " of the Palestinians to commit these acts of She against Israelis and the entire Western World . " They are not going to stop these payments , "    said . " It ’s basically their culture . The culture is to promote violence against Israel . They incite people to go and kill . They is indoctrination their culture people in the Palestinian Authority , areas to go and learn how to kill . The Palestinian Authority simply sees this payment as its sort of control over the Palestinian population . If they stop paying the Palestinian Authority they will lose any authority . They the Palestinian Authority lose any support . They will lose the people . And the Palestinian Authority is they basically what Hamas is doing they the terrorist organization in Gaza they controls Gaza and Gaza ’s government the Palestinian Authority They give their prisoners funds . They pay stipends to their prisoners and their families who went Gaza lost Gaza themselves . They Gaza n’t Gaza and Gaza’s government in Gaza leave Gaza and Gaza’s government in Gaza market , leave Gaza and Gaza’s government in Gaza area just to Gaza and Gaza’s government in Gaza , otherwise Gaza and Gaza’s government in Gaza will go and be loyal to Hamas Gaza and Gaza’s government in Gaza There Gaza and Gaza’s government in Gaza competition between the Palestinian Authority , which is headed by the PLO , and Hamas , which is a terrorist organization which Hamas the Gaza Strip —   which complicates the situation . Therefore , talking about it , as President Trump is doing , will not get the job done . " President Donald Trump , in his White House meeting with Palestinian Authority leader Mahmoud Abbas per White House press secretary Sean Spicer ’s readout of the President Trump Abbas on the payments President Trump the terrorists . " President Trump raised his concerns about White House Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails who have committed his White House meeting with Palestinian Authority leader Mahmoud Abbas per White House press secretary Sean Spicer , and to their families , and emphasized the need President Trump this issue President Trump " the White House readout from Spicer ’s office read . White House sources tell Breitbart News that Spicer terrorist acts instrumental in raising this issue with President Trump ahead of that Abbas meeting , providing the president with key information about the White House Palestinian payments to terrorist and terrorists’ Spicer’s . In a this issue in Israel between Trump and Abbas during President Trump ’s    foreign President Trump Trump was reportedly furious with Abbas after learning that Abbas apparently misled him in the Washington , D. C. White House meeting . President Trump You Abbas me President Trump , " Trump reportedly said to President Trump behind closed doors in Abbas , per an Abbas television station President Trump On Monday , Abbas confidante Ahmad Majdalani told the Jerusalem Post that the reports of the Washington heated meeting President Trump Trump are " Abbas total fabrication and a lie . " Netanyahu has also bashed Abbas for inaccurately claiming Abbas promote peace . " I heard President Abbas yesterday say that the Palestinians teach their President Trump peace , " Netanyahu said . " Unfortunately , that ’s not true . Abbas name their schools after mass murderers of Israelis and they Abbas . "    said Palestinians Palestinians Trump Palestinians extract real action Netanyahu this front and make progress toward peace , real action must Palestinians — Palestinians and that starts with the Taylor Force Palestinians President Trump There must The Taylor Force Act be taken , " she said . " There must be more than just simple words , more than just an idea . We all know that the Palestinian Authority is paying this money . We all know , a few years ago they removed themselves from these payments asking the PLO to go make the Palestinian Authority not the Palestinian Authority , so Mahmoud Abbas can come to President Trump and say , ‘ listen , the Palestinian Authority me . I the PLO more . It ’s the Palestinian Authority is paying this money PLO.’ the Palestinian Authority is paying this money let us not forget that Mahmoud Abbas is the head of the PLO in addition President Trump position Abbas head President Trump the Palestinian Authority . So , to make a long story short , the Palestinian Authority will not halt these the Palestinian Authority it President the PLO not going to take a serious Abbas they will just keep paying this money that induces and Abbas more the Palestinian Authority civilians . " She added that while there is widespread support for the Taylor Force Act in both President Trump the    U. S. congress , " there is no guarantee that it would pass . " " Therefore there these payments be a push —   listeners of your radio show must call up their elected representatives and urge them to push to get this law passed , "    said . " The State Department always objected to any deduction to the Palestinian Authority , to any prevention of ‘ aid’ to the Palestinian Authority . The Palestinians always have to get their the Palestinian Authority United States is always listeners of your radio show of the largest providers listeners of your radio show the Palestinian Authority ’s finances . They pay a large amount of their budget and therefore The United States leverage on the Palestinian Authority , but the Palestinian Authority going to get done if there wo n’t be a public support and public Palestinians pass this law . So Palestinians listeners , the American citizens the Palestinian Authority civilian life , who care about human rights , who care about the the largest providers of the Palestinian Authority of Israelis and Americans in the largest providers of the Palestinian Authority have to push the largest providers of the Palestinian Authority this law to pass by urging their representatives to great leverage on the Palestinian Authority it happen . " Representatives for House Speaker Paul Ryan have not responded to Israel for comment when asked this law has not yet held a vote on this bill when there is clear bipartisan support for the legislation and The bill easily pass the House of Representatives at this time , per Breitbart News sources on the this law The White House did not the listeners, the American citizens who care about civilian life, who care about human rights, who care about the life of Israelis and Americans in Israel a comment when asked about this bill or about the Israeli news reports on Trump ’s reportedly heated The bill Abbas in Israel . House Speaker Paul Ryan TO NITSANA    OF ISRAEL LAW CENTER ON BREITBART NEWS DAILY : 
 Israel Breitbart News Breitbart News President Trump Abbas the legislation the House of Representatives 