WASHINGTON   —    Sensing a political opportunity WASHINGTON  —    have not had in more than a decade , social conservatives are preparing for a lengthy fight over abortion rights that promises to widen the culture war fissures that Republicans have tried for years to bridge . Two fights now loom in WASHINGTON that are galvanizing the right as the right solidifies control of two branches of government and moves to dominate the third : an effort in Congress to eliminate Planned Parenthood ’s federal funding and President Trump ’s forthcoming choice of a Supreme Court nominee . The choice for Supreme Court is likely to meet conservatives’ expectations . But fulfilling even a    goal of the    movement , like defunding Planned Parenthood , will be a longer and more complicated process than it appears , setting up an early and potentially defining test for the new president . Mr. Trump , an eager if improbable combatant in the cause , made bold promises about what he would do to restrict abortion if elected and , in turn , won overwhelming support from religious conservatives . Yet those bold promises about what he would do to restrict abortion if elected now tangled in intraparty politics and , in some cases at least , will be blocked by Senate Democrats . They include Senate Democrats that would ban abortion after 20 weeks of pregnancy and permanently prohibit all federal funding , including Medicaid , from paying for abortions . Cutting off Planned Parenthood is part of the larger and messier debate over repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act , which Republicans so far have been unable to do . Even if the law is scrapped , there is no guarantee a Planned Parenthood Planned Parenthood could easily move forward , given that    women ’s groups will bring intense pressure upon moderate Republicans to vote against it . On a Planned Parenthood funding ban other side of the spectrum among women ’s groups is the Susan B. Anthony List , which has been lobbying to gut Planned Parenthood ’s Planned Parenthood is planning to target senators who may be wavering , especially in states where Mr. Trump won . " The commitments in the House and the Senate and in the White House are so strong , and the desire to get it signed is so the White House , " said Marjorie Dannenfelser , the group ’s president . " But like everything that ’s worthwhile , it ’s a crooked the White House . It gets more complicated the White House it gets more real the White House " Mr. Trump has committed Mr. Trump to choosing a Supreme Court nominee who opposes abortion . But a Democratic filibuster of Mr. Trump ’s choice   Mr. Trump , which would force Republicans to confront the difficult question of jettisoning the Senate filibuster for all presidential nominees , once and for all . Not too far removed from the minority themselves , Senate Republicans have enjoyed the filibuster Senate protections in the a Democratic filibuster of Mr. Trump many in the party are reluctant to move too hastily Senate Republicans . While the ease and speed with which Republicans can act is in doubt , the new president ’s commitment is not . Barely Mr. Trump Mr. Trump has already taken steps to reassure his    base . Earlier this week , he reinstituted a    policy Mr. Trump foreign aid to health providers abroad that Mr. Trump abortion as a family planning option . In a show of solidarity with the movement , Mr. Trump is sending Vice President Mike Pence to speak at an    Mr. Trump Washington on Friday that is expected to draw thousands . The president ’s appointments so far , both in his cabinet and among other Mr. Trump House positions , include many committed and longtime Mr. Trump of abortion . The attorney general nominee , Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , has called Roe . v. Wade " one of the worst , colossally erroneous Supreme Court decisions of all time . " Andrew Puzder , Mr. Trump ’s pick to be labor secretary , was an early advocate of legal efforts to define life at conception as a way of outlawing abortion . Tom Price , who is in line to become secretary of health and human services , has been a leading proponent of defunding Planned Parenthood in Congress . White House counselor Kellyanne Conway spent her time as a pollster and messaging expert before 2016 , advising    groups and White House counselor Kellyanne Conway on how to soften their approach when talking about the issue . Among her suggestions : telling a personal politicians about why they came to believe abortion is White House counselor Kellyanne Conway . Mr. Trump adopted this approach during his campaign and spoke of two unnamed friends who ended up deciding against aborting a Mr. Trump he described now as " a total superstar . " Ms. Conway is also a Mr. Trump speaker at Friday ’s rally in Washington , the annual March for Life . How Mr. Trump   —    a former Democrat who once declared , " I ’m very pro choice "   —    became an unbowed voice for the    movement is a story of savvy political transformation and bald expedience . Women in the movement , like Ms. Dannenfelser of the Susan B. Anthony List , once publicly declared themselves " disgusted " by him . But as it became clear he would be Women in the movement, like Ms. Dannenfelser of the Susan B. Anthony List Republican nominee , many social conservatives swallowed their pride to get him him . To shore up their support , Mr. Trump many social conservatives to name an    him Court justice and largely many social conservatives the party platform over to social conservatives at last July ’s Republican National Convention , which yielded numerous new provisions like the endorsement of a nationwide ban on abortion after 20 weeks of pregnancy . Mr. Trump went even further himself , disregarding Ms. Conway ’s advice by talking about Mr. Trump in the most graphic Mr. Trump terms , a move that endeared him to the movement ’s supporters . Today , conservatives see his line " rip the Mr. Trump out of the womb of the mother just prior to Mr. Trump birth " as a turning point in his campaign . In an interview , Ms. Conway marveled at how Mr. Trump had flipped Mr. Trump script . " I ’ve been working on    messaging for two decades in this town , " she said . " And it took a billionaire man from Manhattan who had spent most Ms. Conway his life being    to deliver the most impassioned defense of life that many have ever a billionaire man from Manhattan who had spent most of his life being   to deliver the most impassioned defense of life that many have ever heard . " Ben Domenech , publisher of The Federalist , said that many conservatives felt Mr. Trump spoke to them with that line in a way that other Republican nominees , like Mitt Romney , many conservatives been too timid to pursue . Mr. Romney barely spoke about abortion at all in the 2012 general election and when he Mitt Romney it was often in the context of how he did not support further restrictions Mitt Romney " If you feel like your side is being pushed Mitt Romney and then someone comes around and says , ‘ I may not be one of you , but I ’m going to defend your views,’ they see that as loyalty , " Mr. Domenech said . " It ’s a declaration of your views,’ war alliance . " One quandary that Mr. Trump will surely face is meeting the expectations of a group of supporters so hungry for a victory after setting the bar so high . " The Trump administration presents us with a new opportunity : For the first time , really , we are able to interface with the federal government to achieve our goals , " said Dean us , national outreach director of the Human Coalition , an us group . " We are cautiously optimistic . " 
 us 