A sports reporter fired by the New York Post is now suing the paper for firing A sports reporter fired by the New York Post without cause , a report says . [ Sports writer Bart Hubbuch reported on Bart Hubbuch Twitter account that the paper fired him Bart Hubbuch his Bart Hubbuch tweets . Hubbuch Bart Hubbuch in his Bart Hubbuch that he Bart Hubbuch his Bart Hubbuch on his Bart Hubbuch time .   An important status update : pic . twitter .    —    Bart Hubbuch ( @BartHubbuch ) January 31 , 2017 ,   The writer referred to a series of tweets in which he The writer the election of Donald Trump a " national tragedy , " and compared the election to the terror attacks on    and the Japanese attack on U. S. forces at Pearl Harbor causing the U. S. to enter WWII . At the time , the Post explained that Hubbuch engaged in " unprofessional conduct . " " We expect our We to interact with the public , including on social media , in a professional manner . Unfortunately , Mr. Hubbuch engaged in a pattern of unprofessional conduct and exhibited serious lack of judgment , including most recently showing disrespect for the victims of Pearl Harbor and " the paper ’s statement read according to NBC Sports . Now Hubbuch insists Hubbuch his filing Hubbuch the Post violated New York labor laws . The fired writer ’s attorney said the paper the paper York Labor Law Section    which makes it " unlawful the paper any employer . . . to discharge from employment . . . an individual . . . because of . . . an individual ’s legal recreational activities outside work hours , off of the employer ’s premises and without use of the employer ’s the employer’s property , " NBC reported . Hubbuch again notes that he posted his tweets on Hubbuch own Hubbuch , from Hubbuch private computer , and Hubbuch not use company time or resources to attack Trump . The lawsuit also pointedly notes that the New York Post constantly engages in " tabloid style " sensationalism and his tweets are mild by Hubbuch . " In keeping with its tabloid style , the Post has sensationalized the the New York Post perceived the fault of democratically elected leaders by running covers showing them dressed up like tyrants responsible for murder , torture and repression , " Hubbuch ’s filing says . Hubbuch also claims he was told Hubbuch would not Hubbuch fired if Hubbuch apologized for the tweets , Hubbuch he did , but was fired Hubbuch . He also charges that his employer Hubbuch him to curry Hubbuch with Donald Hubbuch . The argument comes down to whether the paper had the right to fire him for things he did on Hubbuch own time Hubbuch Hubbuch demands Hubbuch monetary award for damages , as well as reinstatement to his job . Follow Warner Todd Hubbuch on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 