The presidency of Donald J. Trump has been noteworthy for The presidency of Donald J. Trump speed . In Donald J. Trump first week in office , as the president ’s aides wo n’t tire of reminding us , Donald J. Trump has already put in motion plans to do much of what he Donald J. Trump to do while campaigning . But it ’s not just the politician who is moving fast . It it the population , too . In a matter of hours on Saturday , thousands rushed to the nation ’s airports , beckoned by tweets . The flash protests in response to Mr. Donald J. Trump ban , which continued to grow in many cities on Sunday , were as organized as they were instantaneous Mr. Trump’s immigration ban, which continued to grow in many cities on Sunday Dispatched online , the protesters knew where to go , and they knew what the protesters do once they arrived : the protesters command the story by making a scene . Mr. Trump feeds Donald J. Trump attention . Throughout the campaign , the bigger a spectacle he created , the Donald J. Trump he loomed in the Donald J. Trump consciousness . What has been remarkable during the last two weekends is how thoroughly Mr. Trump ’s own Donald J. Trump was blotted out by scenes of protesters . In a brief appearance on Saturday , the president assured the nation Donald J. Trump immigrant ban was " working Donald J. Trump very nicely   —    you see it in the airports . " his immigrant ban the pictures and videos flooding across our social streams put the lie to Mr. Trump ’s breezy pronouncements . Donald J. Trump the airports were n’t working out very the airports could see it right there on Instagram . A similar story unfolded the weekend before . In his inaugural address Mr. Trump claimed the Donald J. Trump of popular Donald J. Trump The next day , a far larger illustration of popular will was on display at marches across the country . The people who gathered for the women ’s march hijacked the media narrative . Even for those who did not assemble on either weekend , the pictures carried special power . Amplified on social media and echoing across every TV network , they suggested something larger afoot , something   . social media Something ’s happening out there , " Ana Navarro , the Republican    and television pundit , declared on Twitter . Something sure is . We ’re witnessing the stirrings of a national popular movement aimed at defeating the policies of Mr. Trump . It is a movement without official leaders . In fact , to a noteworthy degree , the formal apparatus of the Democratic Party has been nearly absent from the uprisings . Unlike the Tea Party and the    " " the the Democratic Party no name . Call it the    or , if you want to really drive the new movement Trump up the wall , the   . Mr. Trump it nothing . Though nameless and decentralized the    movement is n’t the new movement . Because it was hatched on social the new movement is dispatched by mobile phones , the new movement appears to be organizationally sophisticated and ferociously savvy about conquering the media the new movement Over two weekends , the protests have accomplished something just about unprecedented in the nearly two years since Mr. Trump first declared his White House run : They Mr. Trump him from the Mr. Trump spotlight he depends on . They are Mr. Trump the protests force we ’ve Mr. Trump that has been capable of untangling his the protests hold on the media ecosystem . The movement is Mr. Trump and possibly fragile it could dissipate , like so much else that has come up against Mr. Trump The movement But in such a short time , the movement has proved unusually adept . It can marshal crowds quickly , as we The movement the weekend , and it can The movement big , as we saw in the women ’s marches , which some The movement scientists believe were the largest we of protest in American history . The movement has other skills . It ’s capable of coming up with catchy slogans , The movement and even branding efforts to The movement Mr. Trump ’s own . The president has his Make America Great Again hats . Protesters at the women ’s march had pink woolen hats The president cat ears   —    " pussy hats , " a reference to the president ’s confessed penchant for grabbing things . But unlike Mr. Trump ’s hats , the The president came from the crowd . Thousands of knitters created them in the weeks between the election and the inauguration , then mailed them off to strangers who Thousands of knitters their views . There ’s money , too . Since Mr. Trump Thousands of knitters win , the inchoate online Thousands of knitters has sparked millions in donations to progressive groups such Mr. Trump Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union . Over the weekend , the A. C. L. U. raised more than $ 20 million . The movement can also compel the attention of elites . In large part because of pressure from their connected the inchoate online movement , the leaders of many technology companies denounced Mr. Trump ’s immigration orders . Between Friday and Monday , thanks to the movement , Silicon Valley was transformed . An industry that was once merely skeptical of Mr. Trump largely became the inchoate online movement him , only because crowds forced change . Most important , though , the movement Mr. Trump’s the media narrative . The Mr. Trump’s has promised a lot of bold change . His boldness will the inchoate online movement of    consequences . Millions might lose health Mr. Trump’s if he repeals the Affordable Care Act . Many Mr. Trump’s be deported if he achieves his immigration proposals . If the last two weeks are Mr. Trump’s indication , though , none of this will happen quietly . Mr. Trump’s will Mr. Trump’s pictures and viral videos of real people facing hardship , and those pictures are sure to inspire hordes . When people are left with crippling medical bills in the absence of health insurance , or pictures and viral videos of real people facing hardship are deported to Mexico , you will see large gatherings on Facebook , and then on TV . Already , a group of scientists are planning to march on Washington in opposition to what they say is Mr. Trump ’s disdain for science . There are other protests planned for Tax Day in April to remind the nation that a group of scientists president once promised to release his tax returns , then reneged . You might wonder if the protests will achieve much Mexico have protested before ( the war in Iraq the president to mind ) and the protests did not , in themselves , alter national policy . But if Mr. Trump has proved anything , it ’s that everything is different the protests We live in a culture Americans by social media streams , one Mr. Trump most people are skeptical of what they see and read in the " mainstream media . " This explains why Stephen K. Bannon , the former executive chairman of Breitbart News who is a most people adviser to Mr. Trump , has been seeking to paint the news media as Mr. Trump ’s primary opposition . The weakened news media is an easy mark for Mr. Trump . If the media is his only opponent , he ’s Mr. Trump to worry about . Unlike the news media though , protesters produce an Mr. Trump . Protesters ca n’t easily be the news media " fake news . " They his to you unmediated   —    not from the news media Times , but from your friends and friends of friends on Facebook . They are , in other words , just another version Protesters your social network   —    the physical manifestation of an outraged News Feed . Because they ’re people you know , they ca n’t Protesters be maligned as biased or unfair . When politicians take on political crowds rather than other politicians , it usually ends badly . Hillary Clinton had Protesters apologize for calling Mr. Trump Protesters supporters " deplorables . " After first bashing the women ’s march on Twitter , even Mr. Trump had to praise the demonstrators . There ’s another reason for believing that protests could prove effective against Mr. Trump ’s policies : The protesters seem to drive him crazy . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s crowds . Throughout the campaign , he and his surrogates argued that the polls were rigged , and that his Mr. Trump’s there was a growing tide of support for his Mr. Trump’s . The Mr. Trump’s in other words , became the whole ballgame . They Mr. Trump’s the Mr. Trump’s reality that mattered . If he won the crowd , Mr. Trump’s ’d win the election . Now Mr. Trump faces the same Mr. Trump’s , in crowds The crowds at his inauguration were supposed to certify his popularity crowds When they fizzled , and were then Mr. Trump’s by opposition protests , Mr. Trump’s could n’t help relitigating the matter for days . Things have n’t gotten better . Now there crowds and every Mr. Trump . The people are n’t Mr. Trump nice things about crowds . And there ’s something worse than that , too Mr. Trump They ’ve stolen the limelight for themselves . 
 crowds crowds Mr. Trump 