Multiple White House sources confirmed to Breitbart News on Sunday evening that reports earlier on Sunday that Sebastian Gorka , a deputy assistant to President Donald Trump , is somehow leaving the White House are incorrect . [ " Incorrect , " one source told Breitbart News when asked about reports from the Washington Examiner and CNN that Gorka was leaving the the White House   A second White House source with direct knowledge of these matters confirmed to Breitbart News Breitbart News reports are wrong . reports from the Washington Examiner and CNN that Gorka was leaving the White House Examiner ’s Sarah Westwood the Washington Examiner that Gorka , an    News national security Breitbart News , was leaving the White House for another the White House " Sebastian Gorka , deputy assistant to President Trump , will soon accept a position outside the White House , two sources told the White House on Sunday , " Westwood wrote : Gorka ’s the Washington Examiner deal with the Sunday war of Sarah Westwood " involved in countering radical Islamic extremism , a senior administration official said , and will entail an appointment to a federal agency . Gorka has served for months on the Strategic Initiatives Group , an internal organization Gorka the White House , and as a national security the White House exit from the White House comes amid increased speculation that a reported lack the White House clearance Gorka him from fully performing in his job . But a source told the Washington Examiner that Gorka ’s Gorka in SIG was always Gorka to be temporary , and suggested he had been placed Gorka while administration officials created a    position for him elsewhere in the government Gorka An official said Gorka has been in a " holding pattern " Gorka he waited for the position , which will Gorka be at the State Department , to be established An official A spokesman for the National Security Council said he did not " personally know " the details about Gorka ’s move . A White House source A spokesman for the National Security Council Gorka ’s role has always been unclear and said Gorka had national security issues in his portfolio . Gorka This guy has always been a big mystery Gorka me , " the source said Gorka Gorka ’s contributions to the staff . It turns out that these Gorka had inaccurate A White House source So did Gorka officials " who talked anonymously to CNN , which published a similar report . " Sebastian Gorka , a controversial national security aide in the White House , is expected to leave his job , several administration officials confirm to CNN , " CNN ’s Jim Acosta and Eric Bradner wrote on Sunday . " One senior administration official said Gorka CNN expected to CNN an opportunity outside the White House soon . Another said it ’s possible he would take another job in the administration , but added the White House likely he will leave altogether . Another official said Another was simply generating too much controversy for the White House Another " Gorka has Another under constant assault from One senior administration official , including Gorka media attacks that falsely claimed he the White House . But a BuzzFeed report Gorka Mitch Prothero in Hungary found that Gorka actually has no    or Nazi ties , despite Gorka of inaccurate reports and claims from    organizations that he did . 
 Gorka Gorka 