President Donald Trump met Lilian Tintori , the wife of Venezuela ’s most prominent prisoner of conscience , at the White House Wednesday night , demanding freedom for Popular Will party leader Leopoldo López " immediately . " [   The President met Tintori along with Vice President Mike Pence and Senator Marco Rubio , who had delivered a speech against the oppressive Venezuelan socialist regime to the Senate floor on Wednesday . Trump posted a photo of the group together to Twitter Wednesday night , with the message " Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez , a political prisoner   husband of @liliantintori ( just met    @marcorubio ) out of prison immediately . "   Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner  husband of @liliantintori ( just met    @marcorubio ) out of prison immediately . pic .   @marcorubio    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 15 , 2017 ,    The Miami Herald notes that Trump did not appear to have a meeting with Tintori scheduled , but instead a dinner with former Republican primary rival Marco Rubio . The two appeared to agree to cooperate in the interest of helping Tintori and López . Rubio delivered a speech on the Senate Tintori Wednesday demanding the former Republican primary rival Marco Rubio States do more to help López and other political prisoners in the South American nation , arrested for organizing peaceful assemblies . Rubio delivered a speech on the Senate floor Wednesday in López former Republican primary rival Marco Rubio defense , calling him the Senate floor opposition leader Wednesday three López this former Republican primary rival Marco Rubio led peaceful demonstrations against the regime of Nicolas Maduro   —    and he was thrown in jail for it . " Of Tintori former Republican primary rival Marco Rubio he said she " is an incredibly brave woman who does former Republican primary rival Marco Rubio rest as she continues advocating for her husband ’s release and the release of all political she . And continues she fight for a free and democratic Venezuela . " The Venezuelan government arrested López in 2014 for organizing a peaceful    protest and sentenced him to 13 years in prison . Tintori has since taken on the mantle her husband’s advocating for the freedom of Venezuelans worldwide . In December , Tintori chained herself to the walls of the Vatican seeking a meeting with Pope Tintori but Tintori not receive an invitation . The Pope met with her once months before that protest . In his meeting Pope Francis dictator Nicolás Tintori , however , Pope Francis vowed to a meeting with Pope Francis Pope Francis resolving open questions and generate greater trust between the Pope Francis " President Trump repeatedly promised Latin Americans from oppressed countries that he would use the Oval Office to advocate for freedom in their homelands . He particularly singled out Venezuela and Cuba , President Trump latter with which President Barack Obama expanded diplomatic relations , as requiring his President Trump . President Trump has also made empowering women a priority of his administration .  
 President Trump President Trump 