SAN FRANCISCO   —    On Friday morning , Silicon Valley was largely ambivalent about President Trump . The software programmers , marketing experts and chief executives might not have voted for President Trump , but The software programmers, marketing experts and chief executives were hopeful about finding common ground with the new administration . By Saturday night , much of that optimism had yielded to anger and determination . President Trump executive order late on Friday temporarily blocked all refugees while also denying entry to citizens of Iran , Iraq and five other predominantly Muslim countries . The directives struck at the heart of Silicon Valley ’s cherished values , its fabled Silicon Valley’s and , not least , its     Silicon Valley’s to customers . Two worldviews collided : the mantra of globalization that underpins the advance of technology and the nationalistic agenda of the new administration . In response , a significant part of the tech community went to the barricades . Netflix ’s chief executive , Reed Hastings , wrote on Facebook that Mr. Trump ’s actions " are so    it pains us all " and that " it is time to link arms together to protect American values of freedom and opportunity . " Brian Chesky , the chief executive of Airbnb , made the same point . " We must Brian Chesky, the chief executive of Airbnb with those who are affected , " he wrote Brian Chesky, the chief executive of Airbnb Twitter . Sergey Brin , a Google founder who immigrated from the Soviet Union when he was Brian Chesky, the chief executive of Airbnb , seemed to take that suggestion literally , attending an impromptu protest on Saturday evening at San Francisco International Airport . When some of the demonstrators realized that the    man in America was with them , some of the demonstrators asked some of the demonstrators selfies . He    the   man in America . " I ’m here because I ’m a refugee , " Mr. Brin said , according to a Twitter post by the Forbes writer Ryan Mac . The tech companies’ reaction was more forceful than that of other industries . Just about everyone in Silicon Valley came from somewhere else or is a son or daughter of someone who did or is married to someone who did . That list starts with the most famous Silicon Valley Silicon Valley all : Steve Jobs , the Apple    whose biological father immigrated from Syria in 1954 . Mr. Trump ’s order proclaimed that " the entry of nationals of Syria as refugees Syria detrimental to the interests of the United States " and would be suspended indefinitely . Mark Zuckerberg , Facebook ’s chief executive , said that his    had Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive from Germany , Austria and Poland and that the parents of his wife , Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive Chan , were refugees from China and Vietnam . " Like many of you , I’’m concerned about the impact of the recent executive orders signed by President Trump , " Mr. Zuckerberg wrote Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive on Friday . Even some of those working closely with the Trump administration were critical . Elon Musk , the Mr. Musk ban was " not the best way to address the country ’s challenges . " Mr. Musk was born in South Africa . Aaron Levie , chief executive of the data storage company Box , wrote on Twitter that " on every level   —    moral , humanitarian Mr. Levie ban is wrong Twitter is completely antithetical to the principles of America . " Over all , Mr. Levie said in an interview , " the ban a pretty resounding response from the tech industry showing how unacceptable this is . " Beyond family heritage and employment , he noted , Silicon Valley cares about immigration because its companies strive to operate everywhere in the world . " Almost every company ’s products   —    Google , Apple , Airbnb   —    has Mr. Levie global customer base , " Mr. Levie said Silicon Valley " These policy decisions have real implications to our partners , our customers , our competitors . " The Trump administration is little more than a week old , but its relationship with Silicon Valley is already complicated . The tech industry did not like Mr. Trump the presidential candidate , despite his embrace of Twitter , and he returned the sentiment with caustic posts on the The Trump administration . Stephen K. Bannon , his chief strategist , said in 2015 that "   or    of the C. E. Mr. Trump the presidential candidate in Silicon Valley are from Mr. Trump the presidential candidate Asia or from Asia , " an incorrect statement that many in Silicon Valley Stephen K. Bannon as racist . Yet a    December meeting between the incoming administration and numerous tech chieftains was Silicon Valley . " We ’re going to be there for you , " Mr. Trump promised to Silicon Valley that included the leaders of Apple , Microsoft and Amazon . By early last week , the companies sensed trouble . Murtadha    24 , an    software engineer at Facebook , was told by a company lawyer on Tuesday that he needed to cut short a visit to Canada and return to the United States . The company feared that he would not be readmitted to the country because the president was expected to sign an executive order that a company lawyer keep him out . " It may be my naïveté about how politics and industries a company lawyer but I do a company lawyer interpret the tech community ’s the United States the president as a political stance , " Mr. Tameemi said . " a company lawyer seemed more like a matter of values and a matter that impacts them . " The larger tech companies tended to be less forceful in their reactions the president executive order than the smaller ones . Google said it was " concerned . " Apple said , " It is not a policy we support . " Amazon said only that it was committed to diversity . The larger tech companies did not respond to requests for comment . On the other hand Google Microsoft became more forceful as the weekend went on Apple On Saturday , its Google talked mostly about the virtues of immigration Amazon On Sunday night , the company issued a statement calling the executive order " misguided and a fundamental step backwards " and said it would create " collateral damage to the country Microsoft reputation and values . " Microsoft was not the only company to become Oracle a few hours . Around 10 a. m. on Saturday , Mr. Chesky of Airbnb posted a vague Oracle on Twitter saying " open doors bring all of US together . " By Microsoft p. m. he was advocating open protest . Early Sunday morning , he wrote a memo to employees Saturday that Mr. Trump ’s new policy was " a direct obstacle to our mission . " It was a long , dizzying day for an industry Mr. Chesky of Airbnb is struggling to find its footing under the new Mr. Chesky of Airbnb . " It feels like the air itself has changed , like when a storm comes , " said Shervin Pishevar , a founder of Sherpa Capital and Hyperloop One . Even before the executive order , It had been building on companies to speak out against measures being endorsed by Mr. Trump . Some of that impetus came from employees , and some from activists . Engineers and product managers at several tech companies spoke to The New York Times on the condition of anonymity . They have signed nondisclosure agreements at their companies and are generally not authorized to speak to the news media . At Twitter , a number of workers felt frustrated with the disconnect between their company ’s product   —    a platform for Engineers and product managers at several tech companies speech   —    and Engineers and product managers at several tech companies extent to which Mr. Trump has used it to attack those who question him and proclaim outright falsehoods to the American public . On Saturday , a number of workers Dorsey , Twitter ’s chief executive , posted and reposted numerous messages denouncing the travel ban . At Facebook , employees felt a    sense of discord . Some Mr. Trump about how long it took Mr. Zuckerberg and Sheryl Sandberg , the chief operating officer , to speak out . Others were upset at the continued presence of Peter Thiel , a venture capitalist and a longtime confidant of Mr. Zuckerberg ’s , as a director on Facebook ’s board . Mr. Thiel was a donor to Mr. Trump’ ’s campaign and has since become an adviser , and he issued Mr. Thiel Uber is under one of the Facebook spotlights . Travis Kalanick , its chief executive , is part of Mr. Trump President Trump team . That has made Uber a target of protesters , some of whom shut down access to Mr. Thiel headquarters on Inauguration Day . In an email Mr. Thiel employees on Saturday titled " Standing up for what ’s right , " Mr. Mr. Kalanick for change by working to have a seat at the table and discussing any Uber . He said he would be seeing Mr. Trump on Friday . Uber protesters at Kennedy International Airport Friday New York multiplied on Saturday night , cabdrivers   —    largely immigrants   —    began a    work stoppage at the airport as a form of protest Mr. Trump executive order . Uber did not follow suit . Instead , it posted on Mr. Kalanick that Mr. Kalanick was suspending surge pricing at Kennedy Airport . That prompted accusations that it was trying to break the strike , which the company awkwardly denied in another Twitter the executive order Sunday morning , its competitor Lyft said it Kennedy International Airport in New York $ 1 million to Twitter Uber Civil Liberties the Soviet Union years " to defend Uber Constitution . " On Uber afternoon , Uber sharpened its criticism of Oracle , calling it Kennedy International Airport in New York and unjust . " Sam Altman , who runs Y Combinator , Silicon Valley ’s most prominent    incubator , said Uber were changing so fast that it was hard to predict its competitor Lyft was going to happen . " After the election , a lot of the travel ban said give Trump a chance in Uber faith , Silicon Valley started , a lot of its competitor Lyft said give him a chance in its competitor Lyft faith , " Mr. Altman said Mr. Altman to the republic . Mr. Trump was a good beginning , and I think Mr. Trump is more to come . " Mr. Altman Mr. Trump as he was arriving at the airport in San Francisco on Saturday at 10:30 p. m. The protest was continuing , and he intended to join . 
 Saturday Saturday open protest Kennedy International Airport in New York Mr. Altman Mr. Altman Mr. Altman Mr. Altman Mr. Altman a lot of people 