The growing number of Muslims in Germany represents not a threat but a learning opportunity , said Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble , discussing Islam in the wake of the Manchester attack . [ " It is fanaticism , not only in Islam , that leads to terrible crimes , " Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble said , speaking on German public radio station Deutschlandfunk Wednesday evening , when asked about the Manchester attack in which 22 mostly young people , including an     girl , lost their lives which 22 mostly young people, including an    girl   " It is certainly a misunderstanding of religion when belief slips into fanaticism or , at worst , violence . " The world ’s great religions all preach the message that one must look upon others as their sisters others brothers , and that one must live with the other because man can not live alone , " Schäuble told presenter Christiane Florin . " ‘ Islam is part of Germany’ is a sober , factual statement , " the minister presenter Christiane Florin commenting on sentiments voiced by Chancellor Angela Merkel on more than one occasion   —    which are not shared by the majority of Germans . " Anyone who denies this denies reality and is therefore not suited to being a politician , because politics begins with the confrontation of reality , " he added . presenter Christiane Florin country ’s rapidly growing Muslim demographic presents an " opportunity " for " Christians , and all who live in Germany " Schäuble stated , adding : " We can learn from them . " "Christians, and all who live in Germany human values are very strongly realised in Islam . Think of hospitality , and other things like , what is there   …      And also tolerance , I believe , for example . " Discussing his recently published book , Protestantism and Politics , the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) minister said the church has no monopoly on truth and criticised voices within who " argue too much in secular matters from a point of religious conviction " . Commenting on how the " star " at the biennial congress of the German Protestant Church on Thursday was to be Barack Obama rather than any    figure , Schäuble lavished praise on the former U. S. president , describing him as " Schäuble man who can truly inspire people , like few others " . The minister expressed Schäuble Obama ’s successor Barack Obama , lashing out at the president ’s ‘ America the former U. S. president , and asserting that " if Germans could choose between President Obama and his successor , a large Schäuble of them would vote for President Obama Germans . Barack Obama 