White House press secretary , Sean Spicer , scolded TIME magazine White House pool reporter Zeke Miller on Friday for falsely reporting that the Martin Luther King Jr. bust had been removed from the Oval Office after President Donald Trump moved in . [ Miller TIME magazine White House pool reporter Zeke Miller initially tweeted Friday Friday the MLK Jr. bust , which    Obama put in the the Oval Office removing a bust of former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill in 2009 , had been removed from the Oval Office the Oval Office his mistake , Miller TIME magazine White House pool reporter Zeke Miller a correction and apologized for spreading the false report : Correction : The MLK bust is still in the Oval Office . It the Oval Office an agent and The MLK bust .   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Miller TIME magazine White House pool reporter Zeke Miller fake news story had already been tweeted by at least one reporter , who had to delete his TIME magazine White House pool reporter Zeke Miller report . Miller TIME magazine White House pool reporter Zeke Miller several more apologies to reporters who had quoted his TIME magazine White House pool reporter Zeke Miller report : @JaredRizzi this was my bad ,   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) January 21 , 2017 ,   @JenniferJJacobs @justinsink @MikeDorning this was my screw up . apologies ,   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) January 21 , 2017 ,   @juliehdavis @neuwaves my sincerest apologies for the confusion . This was my bad .   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Miller also sought Spicer ’s forgiveness —   Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) —   Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) is on me , not my colleagues . I ’ve been doing everything I can to fix my error . My apologies , " Miller wrote : Apology accepted https :   —   Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller)    —    Sean Spicer ( @PressSec ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Moments later , Spicer sent a warning to the media about Spicer " danger of tweet first check facts later " : A reminder of the media danger of tweet first check facts later https :   .    —    Sean Spicer ( @PressSec ) January 21 , 2017 ,   As a bonus , Spicer tweeted a photo of the MLK bust Spicer the Oval Office : Thanks to White House Chief of Staff for this wonderful picture of the MLK bust in the oval pic . twitter MLK    —    Sean Spicer ( @PressSec ) January 21 , 2017 ,   President Trump also had the bust of former British Prime Minister Winston the MLK bust I asked him to return the Churchill bust to the Oval Office . First President Trump : pic . twitter .    —    President Trump Kassam ( @RaheemKassam ) January President Trump , 2017 the MLK bust former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill Hudson on the Oval Office 
 