Thursday following President Donald Trump ’s press conference to announce President Donald Trump’s pick for Labor Secretary , Alexander Acosta , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh applauded President Donald Trump’s performance on his conservative talker Rush Limbaugh syndicated radio show .   Limbaugh conservative talker Rush Limbaugh while the media still wo n’t warm up to Trump President Donald Trump’s it was what his conservative talker Rush Limbaugh wanted to see , which was a willingness to tout his conservative talker Rush Limbaugh and take on some of the claims from the the media " You know it is hard to say   —    you get caught up in the moment , " Limbaugh conservative talker Rush Limbaugh . " But this was one of the most effective press conferences I have ever seen . The press is going to hate him conservative talker Rush Limbaugh more after this . this n’t misunderstand . When I say effective , I ’m talking about rallying people who voted for him conservative talker Rush Limbaugh stay with him conservative talker Rush Limbaugh He conservative talker Rush Limbaugh a point   —    ‘ What chaos ? You ’re reporting chaos . We ’re not in chaos . We ’re We    machine . We got We of the smoothest running machines in the history of machines . We got We of the best administrations in the history of administrations . ’ " " And he conservative talker Rush Limbaugh off the achievements they ’ve had here that the media is not reporting because they ’re they focused on whether or not Trump worked with Russia to screw Hillary out of the presidency , " he conservative talker Rush Limbaugh . " And he conservative talker Rush Limbaugh reassuring the people he conservative talker Rush Limbaugh on top of everything . Nothing has changed . Everything he conservative talker Rush Limbaugh on , he conservative talker Rush Limbaugh doing . All he conservative talker Rush Limbaugh doing is fulfilling campaign promises . And of course , the Democrats do n’t like him conservative talker Rush Limbaugh Of course , the media do n’t like him conservative talker Rush Limbaugh It is the media going to stop him conservative talker Rush Limbaugh " (   Daily Rushbo ) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 