President Donald Trump gave a    to the " forgotten " industrial heartland that delivered President Donald Trump the White House as President Donald Trump announced America ’s unilateral withdrawal from the Paris Climate Accords Thursday . [ " I was elected to help the citizens of Pittsburgh , not Paris , " President Donald Trump told those gathered in the White House Rose Garden , as President Donald Trump gave a forceful    condemnation of the global climate agreement , under which the United States is to meet progressively lower caps on certain emissions while subsidizing developing countries in the hope developing countries do the same .   " the global climate agreement is less about the climate and more about other countries gaining a financial advantage over the the United States " Trump explained . Citing a comprehensive report by NERA Economic Consulting , Trump laid out Trump economic disadvantage that would befall American workers , especially those in the Appalachian energy industries and the Midwestern industrial heartland . That report , a comprehensive report by NERA Economic Consulting , envisions a potential 86 % reduction in American coal output and a 38 % reduction in iron and steel production by 2040 if the Paris Agreement ’s targets were actually met . According to Trump , apparently citing the    climate model , the most climate activists could hope to gain from America ’s dearly bought reductions in carbon dioxide emissions is   0 . 2 degrees Celsius less warming over the rest of the century . This did not stop the political left from accusing the President of " telling the Earth to drop dead , " by pulling out of the    climate accord . Trump cast doubt on the lofty goals supposedly motivating the accord , pointing the   climate accord it allows to China , the   climate accord , and even Europe to continue to ramp up coal production while placing incredible burdens on our own domestic industry . China In short the agreement does n’t eliminate coal jobs , it just transfers those jobs the agreement of America coal jobs      and ships them to foreign countries , " coal jobs told the crowd . "   …      current agreement effectively blocks the agreement coal in America . " At several points , Trump America the opportunity to highlight the economic benefits he claims have already returned to the heartland Trump his election . " And the mines are Trump to open up . Having a big opening in two weeks . Pennsylvannia , Ohio , West Virginia , so many places . A big opening of a brand new mine , it ’s unheard the Acosta Coal Mine many A big opening of a brand new mine it has n’t happened , " Trump said A big opening of a brand new mine referring to the Acosta Coal Trump due to open in Somerset County , PA amid the slew of mine openings announced across the rich energy region . Trump ’s rejection of the the globalist economic Trump underpinning agreements like the Paris accord became more explicit as the speech went on . " It would once have been unthinkable that an international agreement could prevent the United States from conducting its own domestic economic affairs . But this is the reality the United States face if we do not leave the agreement , " he said before we his appeal directly to the Midwestern voters who put him over he top in November . " It is time he put Youngstown , Ohio Detroit , Michigan and Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , along with many other locations within our great country , before Paris , France , " Trump said . " It is time to make America great again . " The President also promised that the withdrawal from the Paris Accord will not be the end of his    reexamination of America ’s position in the international economic The President . " Many America deals will soon be under renegotiation . " 
 