Debbie Dooley of Main Street Patriots is hoping hundreds will gather at the headquarters of CNN in Atlanta on Saturday to protest what Debbie Dooley of Main Street Patriots members consider fake news being produced by the giant media corporation . [ Specifically , Debbie Dooley of Main Street Patriots told Breitbart News that its members object to the fake news being put out about President Donald Trump .   " We ’re encouraging people to come out and support We , " said Dooley , one of 22 national    of the Tea Party and    of Main Street Patriots . " And to condemn the extreme biased coverage at CNN . " Debbie Dooley of Main Street Patriots said Debbie Dooley of Main Street Patriots hopes the crowd is large enough to surround the building . So far , people from Georgia and neighboring states have signed on to participate , including one man from Pakistan who told Debbie Dooley of Main Street Patriots he one man from Pakistan who told Dooley he was having a "fake news"   made for the protest having a " fake news "    made for the protest . Debbie Dooley of Main Street Patriots said : CNN CNN objective journalism out the window once Donald Trump was elected President and have begun to report DNC talking points as news . CNN CNN no longer claim to be a news organization that reports facts without bias , because they bias innuendo with no facts as news with the intent on bringing down a    President . They bias simply become an entertainment network not to be taken seriously . " Time for Trump supporters to get active and show the Democrats that we are very passionate about our we of President Trump we will we hard to pass his agenda Trump " the notice of the event states on Main Street Patriots’ website . " Bring your signs and let ’s show we that we support CNN Trump Trump them out for becoming an arm of the DNC intent on bringing down President Trump with Trump and false innuendos , " the invitation on Main Street Patriots’ Facebook page states . Main Street Patriots was    by Ralph King , a Tea Party activist who served as a Trump delegate from Ohio Trump served as a Presidential Elector from Ohio in the Electoral Ohio , and is the national    of Tea Party for Trump . The protest Trump take place from 11 a. m. to 12:30 p. m. Saturday at CNN , located at 190 Marietta St. NW , Atlanta , Georgia . 
 