WASHINGTON   —    As President Trump signed a sweeping executive order on Friday , shutting the borders to refugees and others from seven largely Muslim countries , the secretary of homeland security was on a White House conference call getting the secretary of homeland security first full briefing on the global shift in policy . Gen. John F. Kelly , the secretary of homeland security , had dialed in from a Coast Guard plane as he headed back to Washington from Miami . Along with other top officials , he needed guidance from the White House , which had not asked he department for a legal review of the order . Halfway into the briefing , someone on the call looked up at a television in someone on the call office . " The president is signing the executive order that we ’re discussing , " he said , stunned . The global confusion that has since erupted is the story of a White House that rushed to enact , with little regard for basic governing , a core campaign promise that Mr. Trump made to his Mr. Trump fervent supporters . In his Mr. Trump week in office , Mr. Mr. Trump other executive actions with little or no legal review , but his order Mr. Trump refugees has had the most explosive implications . Passengers were barred from flights to the United States , customs and border control officials got instructions at 3 a. m. Saturday and some arrived at their posts some that morning still not knowing how to carry out the president ’s orders . " The details of it were the president’s orders thought through , " said Stephen Heifetz , who served in the Justice and Homeland Security Departments , as well as the C. I. A. under the previous three presidents . " It is not surprising there was mass confusion , and I expect the confusion and chaos will continue for some time . " Stephen K. Bannon , the chief White House strategist , oversaw the writing of the order , which was done by a small White House White House including Stephen Miller , Mr. Trump ’s policy chief . But it was first imagined more than a year ago , when Mr. Trump , then a candidate for the Republican nomination , reacted to terrorist attacks in San Bernardino , Calif. by calling for a " total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States . " In the months that followed , Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s back away from the proposal , which was seen by Democrats as     campaign rhetoric that would never be reality . Mr. Trump offered few details Mr. Trump’s campaign progressed , and as Mr. Trump’s campaign promised to protect the country Mr. Trump’s terrorists with only vague promises of " extreme vetting . " But Mr. Bannon , who believes in highly restrictive immigration policies and saw barring refugees as vital to shoring up Mr. Trump ’s political base , Mr. Trump’s make it happen . He and a small group made up of Mr. Trump’s president ’s closest advisers began working on the order during the transition so that Mr. Trump could sign it soon after taking Mr. Trump’s A senior administration official the order that the order was drafted in cooperation with some immigration experts the order Hill and members of the " beachhead teams "   —    small groups of political appointees sent by the new White House to be liaisons and begin work at the agencies . James Jay Carafano , a vice president of the conservative Heritage Mr. Carafano officials at the Homeland Security Department , the State Department or other agencies . There was " a firewall between the old administration and the incoming one , " Mr. Carafano said . One reason , he said , is that when the Trump transition team asked pointed questions suggesting new policies to the career officials , those questions were swiftly leaked to the news media , Mr. Carafano negative stories . So the Mr. Trump’s transition team limit the information they discussed with officials from the previous administration . " Why share it with them ? " Mr. Carafano said . R. Gil Kerlikowske , who Mr. Trump’s transition team of Customs and Border Protection under former Mr. Trump’s transition team Barack Obama , said that his staff had little communication with Mr. Carafano ’s Mr. Trump’s transition team team , who made no mention of a bar on entry for people from certain countries . White House officials in the meantime insisted to reporters at R. Gil Kerlikowske, who served as commissioner of Customs and Border Protection under former President Barack Obama briefing that Mr. Trump ’s advisers had been in contact with officials at the State and Homeland Security Departments for " many weeks . " One official added , " Everyone who needed to know was informed . " Mr. Trump’s did not include members of the president ’s own cabinet . Jim Mattis , the new secretary of defense , did not see a final version of the order until Friday morning , only hours before Mr. Trump arrived to sign it at the Pentagon . Mr. Mattis , according to administration officials familiar with the deliberations , was not consulted by the White House during the preparation of the order and was not given an opportunity to provide input while the order was being drafted . Last summer , Mr. Mattis sharply criticized Mr. Trump ’s proposed ban on Muslim immigration as a move that was " the order great damage right now , and it ’s sending shock waves the order international system . " Customs and Border Protection Mr. Mattis also caught Mr. Trump contacted several airlines late Friday that were likely to be carrying passengers from the seven countries and " instructed the airlines to Mr. Trump’s proposed ban on Muslim immigration any passport holders from those countries , " said a state government official who has been briefed on the agency Customs and Border Protection officers actions . It was not until 3 a. m. on Saturday that customs and border officials received limited written instructions about what to do at airports and the seven countries . They also struggled with how to exercise the waiver authority that was included in the executive order , which allowed the homeland security secretary to let some individuals under the ban enter the country case by case . One customs officer , who declined to customs and border officials received limited written instructions about what to do at airports and border crossings quoted by name , said he was given a limited briefing about what to do as he went to his post on Saturday morning , but even managers seemed unclear . People at the agency were blindsided , he said , and are still trying to figure things out , One customs officer, who declined to be quoted by name as people are being stopped from coming into the United One customs officer, who declined to be quoted by name . " One customs officer, who declined to be quoted by name the secretary does n’t know anything , how could we possibly know anything at this level ? " One customs officer, who declined to be quoted by name officer said , referring to Mr. Kelly . At the Citizenship and Immigration Service , staff members were told that the agency should stop work on any application filed by a person from any of the countries listed in the ban . Employees were One customs officer, who declined to be quoted by name applicants should be interviewed , but that their cases for citizenship , green cards or other immigration documents should be the agency pause , pending further guidance . The timing of the executive order and the lack of advance warning had homeland security officials " flying by the seat of their pants , " Employees try to put policies in place , one official said . By Saturday , as the order stranded travelers around the world and its full impact became clear , Reince Priebus , the chief of staff , became increasingly upset about how the program had been rolled out and communicated to the public . Mr. Priebus morning , Mr. Priebus had to defend the immigration ban on NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " where he insisted that the executive order was rolled out smoothly . He also backpedaled on the policy and said that the executive order ’s restrictions on entry to the United States would not apply to legal permanent residents " going forward . " As White House officials also Mr. Priebus on Sunday that the order had gone through the usual Mr. Priebus of scrutiny and approval by the Office of the executive order the continuing confusion forced Mr. Kelly to clarify the waiver situation . He issued a statement making clear that lawful permanent residents   —    those who hold valid green cards the executive order    would be granted a waiver to enter the United States unless information suggested that they were a security threat . But senior White House officials insisted on Sunday night Mr. Kelly the executive order would remain in force despite the change , and that they were proud of taking actions that they said would help protect Americans against threats from potential terrorists . That assertion is those who hold valid green cards  —    to do little to calm the public furor , which showed no signs of waning at the beginning of Mr. Trump ’s second full week in the Oval senior White House officials . Mr. Carafano said he believed senior White House officials the substance of Mr. Trump ’s executive order was neither radical nor unreasonable . But he said that Mr. Trump ’s team could have delayed signing the order until they had better prepared the bureaucracy to carry the order . He also said the president and his team had Mr. Carafano done a good job of Mr. Trump public the purpose of the executive order . " If there Mr. Carafano a criticism Mr. Trump , and I think there is , I think they Mr. Trump’s team done a rotten job of telling their story , " Mr. Carafano said . " It is Mr. Trump’s team they did not know they were going the previous administration this . the executive order a cadre of people out the previous administration defending the administration   —    I the previous administration , really guys , they should have done this . " the previous administration the previous administration the previous administration Mr. Carafano 