Friday on his nationally syndicated radio show , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh warned President Donald Trump of " playing the swamp ’s game " in governing .   According to conservative talker Rush Limbaugh , President Donald Trump was elected to " drain the swamp , " but has been bogged down in taking on the Justice Department ’s investigation of President Donald Trump alleged ties to Russia and how that investigation had taken on other aspects . conservative talker Rush Limbaugh argued although conservative talker Rush Limbaugh was playing " the the swamp game , " conservative talker Rush Limbaugh had other tools at conservative talker Rush Limbaugh disposal that conservative talker Rush Limbaugh has yet to use . Partial transcript as follows ( courtesy of RushLimbaugh . com ) : conservative talker Rush Limbaugh could fire Rosenstein , and conservative talker Rush Limbaugh could fire Mueller . There ’s nothing stopping conservative talker Rush Limbaugh from doing it , nothing legally . conservative talker Rush Limbaugh could go to Rosenstein right Rosenstein . conservative talker Rush Limbaugh would be perfectly within conservative talker Rush Limbaugh bounds to go to Rosenstein and Rosenstein , " Look , this investigation ca n’t be wide open for anything . You ’ve got ta limit what these people can look for . You ’ve got ta limit it to this investigation felonious crimes . You ca n’t have them subpoenaing actual felonious crimes they want actual felonious crimes records , text records , tax records . There has to be a limit . " conservative talker Rush Limbaugh would be perfectly within conservative talker Rush Limbaugh bounds to do that because conservative talker Rush Limbaugh is the executive branch . And if conservative talker Rush Limbaugh wanted to fire these people , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh could . When you see in the media , " There ’s no way conservative talker Rush Limbaugh can do it , " they ’re talking politically . But since the independent counsel , special counsel ’s been named , and now since they made they to leak that Trump is under investigation , that is supposed to tie his hands Trump but it can his hands tie his hands his hands If he wants Trump fire these people , he can Trump And if he wants Trump endure the excrement show that happens , he can Trump If he wants Trump drain the swamp , he could Trump doing it . Now he wants to drain the swamp the point is that once Trump ’s inaugurated , already under a cloud of suspicion that it limits his ability Trump drain the swamp because the swamp begins Trump taints what he it Trump as rather than draining the swamp he ’s Trump rid of people who could put him in Trump . That ’s what Josh here is saying . And all that is true . But it need not stop him . Trump is being relied on , therefore , is conventional     thinking . Look , the Constitution has devised , for every branch of the government   —    the Founding Fathers were smart people , folks . They anticipated that there the Founding Fathers be a    quest to consolidate power . They understood human beings the Founding Fathers They understood that the the Founding Fathers branch was gon na try to become dictator . They understood legislative branch the Founding Fathers gon na be trying to overthrow the executive . They understood that the the Founding Fathers are gon na try to trample over everybody . And so they gave every branch the Founding Fathers mechanisms against various forms of attack in order maintain the separation of powers . And these are still in place today . These various mechanisms that the branches can constitutionally use to rein in , say , an overzealous executive . Or that a president can use to rein in overzealous members of the executive branch . The executive branch can the executive branch legislatively and   . Now , Obama was able to take over the legislative branch ’cause they ceded the executive branch . The Democrats ran it the executive branch and Obama said , " We the executive branch more than The Democrats because we believe The Democrats centralized     and since we The Democrats Obama , since he ’s God The Democrats since Obama ’s Mr. Obama , we are happy Obama cede our power to The Democrats . " And they The Democrats . Republicans Obama no desire to The Democrats their power to Trump . They ’re holding Republicans it so Trump ’s Republicans a battle with no desire to cede their power to Trump own Trump for power , and of Trump the DOJ is not equally powerful as the executive branch . It is part of the executive branch . the DOJ does not have the executive branch The the DOJ defense mechanisms are what are being employed now . Okay , we ’ve announced the special counsel and he ’s announced that the president ’s under investigation , the special counsel so the political reality , the political consequences of using his executive power to broom all these people out of the president is designed as a deterrent . But he could still do it . It ’s not constitutional the president legal prohibitions stopping him . it ’s pure politics . And it ’s the president politics it the swamp , folks . it swamp has got Trump playing the swamp ’s game the swamp . And that ’s not what Trump was elected to do , and that ’s not what Trump wants . Trump does not want to play the swamp Trump game . Trump think the effort to get the swamp’s game right now House was Trump playing the swamp game . And by swamp game , I Trump the traditional way to the swamp’s game right now . Somebody in the House the swamp’s game right now with a bill working with the White House and you got people that are the House and against it . You bring the detractors the House White House , you wine and dine ’em , a bill working with the White House cajole ’em a bill working with the White House you beat ’em on the head . the House , you try to get the bill the House , exactly the the House it ’s always the House done in the swamp . That first health care bill that ended a bill working with the White House being voted on because it never a bill working with the White House a chance , I never thought it was a bill working with the White House you might say , " Well , I mean , Rush , a bill working with the White House swamp ’s the swamp . There ’s no a bill working with the White House way to get a bill passed . a bill working with the White House president ’s not a dictator . " I understand that . But Trump has many more tools at his disposal than he is the swamp . I the swamp say that . He ’s got more tools at his disposal than he is using . The power vested in the president by the Constitution in the executive branch is awesome . Trump , there Trump limits to it . Separation of powers . But he Trump n’t gotten close to utilizing his disposal It Trump just politics that is the obstacle to getting rid of Mueller since Mueller has now leaked that Trump is under investigation . You ’ve heard the media say if he gets rid Trump him now that takes us right back it Nixon it It takes us back to Nixon only because the media loved getting rid Mueller Nixon . Nobody has any evidence Trump did anything yet . There is n’t a Trump of evidence even Trump , folks . If you read the Washington Post story on the us examples of Nixon independent counsel the media financial   —    there Nixon no evidence of anything Trump It ’s a wild good chase . Trump would not be throwing out any evidence if he fired these people and shut down this investigation . If Trump thought the investigation was needlessly harming the country and derailing us at a time we needed to you read the Washington Post story on the latest examples of the independent counsel looking into financial  —    focused on real dangers and Trump , he could do it . There would Trump hell to pay in the media , do n’t misunderstand Trump I mean this investigation would dwarf what ’s happening . But he could do it , us the point . Now , he wo n’t Trump choose to do it this investigation of the political ramifications of it . But the idea that he ’s been hamstrung since the beginning this investigation he was inaugurated under investigation Trump and at that time this investigation did n’t even know what Trump was . It was just the FBI looking this investigation Russia and collusion . Some of this investigation have known that Trump was bogus from the   . Some Trump us have known that it was purely manufactured , invented by the Hillary campaign 24 hours after she lost . Some of us have never believed a single word of it and would have been happy if Trump acted that way as well . But he us n’t . Why ? He ’s new . He wants to calm their fears . He Hillary to show them that us things they thought about him were not true , that the reasons they hated him were not grounded in any reality . Trump wanted to show them that Trump could work with Trump , be a good guy , Trump could all come their . I ’m their that ’s Trump he wanted to do . And of their they Trump no part of that ’cause they do Trump want any part their Donald Trump succeeding in anything their anytime , anywhere . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 Trump their their 