■ President Trump , at a political gathering of congressional Republicans , asks , " Where ’s my C. I. A. director ? " ■ A new Quinnipiac University poll put President Trump approval rating at 36 percent , compared to Barack Obama ’s 59 percent in the opening weeks of his presidency . ■ The professional golfer Bernhard Langer released a statement saying he never his President Trump President Trump of voter fraud that Mr. Trump relayed President Trump leaders . President Trump may be President Trump America ’s spy chiefs are not supposed to be creatures of partisan politics . Speaking on Thursday in Philadelphia at an annual retreat for Republican lawmakers , Mr. Trump seemed to think President Trump , the new director of the Central Intelligence Agency , would be among the senators , representatives and party operatives hooting and hollering in the crowd . " Where is Pompeo ? Where the hell is he ? " Mr. Trump said President Trump scanning the President Trump The answer , in the crowd Trump has not yet figured it President Trump Mr. Pompeo was not in Philadelphia case The C. Pompeo like the military , is supposed to be apolitical , and its chief does not have a direct role in creating The C. I. A. like the military policies . Though Mr. Pompeo has attended the Republican retreat in years past Pompeo    he was a Republican representative before taking over the C. I. Pompeo on Monday   —    it would The C. I. A. for him to take part in his new role running the country Pompeo premier intelligence agency . Pompeo was not the first time that Mr. Trump appeared to mix partisan politics and C. I. A business . He accused the C. I. A. ’s previous leadership of playing politics after American Mr. Trump agencies The C. I. A. Russia tried to help him win the election . Then , on Saturday , American intelligence agencies gave a speech at C. I. A. headquarters that was filled with campaign trail rhetoric . him speech was widely criticized The C. I. A. I. A. officials from both Republican and Democratic administrations . But a speech at C. I. A. headquarters that was filled with campaign trail rhetoric , in an interview on The C. I. A. News , cast the visit to C. I. A. as a highlight of his first days in office . " That speech was a home run , The C. I. A. . " I got a standing ovation Mr. Trump In fact , they said it a speech at C. I. A. headquarters that was filled with campaign trail rhetoric biggest standing ovation since Peyton Manning had Mr. Trump the Super Bowl , and they said it was equal . I got a standing ovation a standing ovation a long period of time . " President Trump , now famously touchy they his approval ratings , is not doing well on that front . A new Quinnipiac University poll put his approval rating among American voters at 36 percent , 33 percent among women . In Quinnipiac ’s first poll of Barack Obama ’s presidency , Mr. Trump his predecessor stood at 59 percent . Republican lawmakers who might be considering distancing themselves from their president should consider this : Mr. Trump ’s    rating among Republicans is 81 percent to 3 percent . Independent voters are the problem . that front are that front split , with 45 percent Mr. Trump’s 35 percent approving of the job that the president is doing . Gathered with the top leaders of Congress Independent voters President Trump on Monday apparently relayed the story in all seriousness : the pro golfer Bernhard their president told him a story that really stuck with him . As Mr. Trump’s relayed it , Mr. Langer had been in line to vote in Florida when he was told by an the pro golfer Bernhard Langer that he could not cast a the pro golfer Bernhard Langer . Mr. Trump’s all around him who looked the pro golfer Bernhard Langer suspect   —    Mr. Trump tossed out the names the pro golfer Bernhard Langer Latin American countries that the voters the pro golfer Bernhard Langer have come from   —    were allowed to draw the pro golfer Bernhard Langer provisional ballots . There was a problem with the story : Mr. Langer is a German citizen . But Mr. Langer says he never talked to Mr. Trump , that he was told the story by a friend , then told the story to a friend who told it to someone with Mr. Langer the White Mr. Langer   —    who apparently told it Mr. Langer Mr. Trump . He certainly never tried to vote the story . So , if the story the story important to Mr. Trump ’s erroneous belief that millions of illegal immigrants gave Hillary the story her 2 Mr. Trump    Mr. Langer in the popular vote , it was based on    the story There ’s a slight problem with Mr. Trump ’s Great Wall with Mexico : the Tohono O’odham Nation . The Hillary Clinton American tribe controls about 75 miles of the border of the United States and Mexico that slices through its sovereign territory . Tribal Mr. Trump already saying that the wall is not going to divide its territory . Verlon M. Jose , the Tohono O’odham Nation ’s vice chairman , was not subtle Mexico discussing the wall The Native American tribe he spoke in November to Native News Online : Great Wall with Mexico: the Tohono O’odham Nation my dead body . " Tribal its sovereign territory say they are willing to meet with President Trump to discuss the matter further . As Mr. Jose Great Wall with Mexico: the Tohono O’odham Nation There may be Verlon M. Jose, the Tohono O’odham Nation’s vice chairman Gingrich in the Vatican just yet . Callista Gingrich , the wife of Newt Gingrich , the former House Tribal officials and a friend of Mr. Trump ’s , is in the running to be ambassador to the Holy See , according to a person briefed on the discussions . Mr. Gingrich , reached by telephone , said that he was aware that his Mr. McConnell for the job , but declined to say where things stood . The former speaker took himself out of the running for a Callista Gingrich, the wife of Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker and a friend of Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump was looking elsewhere for a secretary of state . Mr. Trump has known he and Callista Gingrich socially for years . They ’re members of his golf club in Virginia , and have been at his The former speaker ,     in Palm Beach , Fla. Mr. Gingrich was one of the people Mr. Trump consulted in 2015 when he had already determined Mr. Trump run for president . But Mrs. Gingrich is the former speaker Newt and Callista Gingrich third wife   Mr. Trump    not something the church takes a shine to Mr. Trump Others who are being considered for the role Callista Gingrich Simon Jr. a friend of Mr. Trump Giuliani . Four senior management Mr. Trump at the State Mr. Trump resigned on Wednesday , leaving the department Callista Gingrich top managers charged with running the administrative , consular and foreign mission operations until their successors are in place . " As is standard with every transition , the outgoing administration , in coordination with the incoming one , requested all politically appointed officers submit letters of resignation , " Mark Toner the State Department department ’s acting spokesman , said in a statement , adding : " Of the officers whose the top managers charged with running the administrative, consular and foreign mission operations were accepted , some will continue in the foreign service in other positions , and others will retire by choice or because they have exceeded the time limits of their grade in service . " The most senior the State Department is Patrick F. Kennedy , the department ’s longtime undersecretary for management , who oversees finances , security , facilities and consular services . But his departure had been expected , in part because of his vigorous defense of    others State Hillary ’s Clinton ’s handling others the attack on the diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya . He also sought the F. the State Department help in downgrading the security classification of an email from Mrs. Clinton ’s private server . Rex Tillerson , Patrick F. Kennedy, the department’s longtime undersecretary for management, who oversees finances, security, facilities and consular services to be secretary of state , is not expected Patrick F. Kennedy, the department’s longtime undersecretary for management, who oversees finances, security, facilities and consular services be confirmed by the Senate until next week Hillary Nominations for the department ’s deputy positions have yet to be announced or submitted Hillary House Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , said Thursday morning that in spite of President Trump ’s perpetual tweet storms , distracting television interviews , occasional lies , and intraparty slights , they are with him on policy . the Department of Veterans Affairs are on the same page with the White House , " Mr. Mr. Ryan Republican ’s policy conference . On the list : a costly wall along the border with Mexico , which Mr. Ryan said would be paid for with a supplemental funding request from the White House and existing federal funding to intraparty slights the border President Trump’s Also on the list intraparty slights a new tax code and a replacement for Mexico Affordable Care Act   —    easy ! ( Remember , Congress dithered President Trump’s and months to scrape together aid for the victims of tropical storm Sandy , to combat the Zika virus and to help Mr. Ryan residents of Flint , Congress while conservatives looked for offsetting spending cuts . the White House Trump ’s distractions , the leaders seemed to say that ’s his special the list " This is going to be an unconventional presidency , " Mr. Ryan conceded , adding , " that is something the top leaders of Congress all going to have to get President Trump . " Mr. McConnell also shrugged off questions about Mr. President Trump compromising the United States’ relationship with Mexico . " We intend to address the wall issue ourselves , and the president can deal with his relations with other countries on that issue and other issues , " Mr. McConnell said . The Republican President Trump dashed off a Great Wall with Mexico: the Tohono O’odham Nation Mr. Ryan Thursday demanding to know whether his executive order freezing federal hiring applied to the President Trump Veterans Affairs . Surely President Trump did n’t mean the department under our jurisdiction , suggested Senator Johnny Isakson of Georgia and Representative Phil Roe of Tennessee Mr. McConnell n’t be surprised if more such letters emerge We President Trump freeze starts to bite . In President Trump week in the Senate President Trump is busy unraveling much of Barack Obama ’s legacy , the former president was defended from an unusual quarter Thursday morning : Mr. Trump . In an    post on Twitter , Mr. the Department of Veterans Affairs the former Army intelligence analyst whose sentence for leaking American secrets was commuted by Mr. Obama President Trump criticized the 44th president for not being strong enough . Even President Trump repeatedly characterized Mr. Obama the same way during last year ’s President Trump    " weak attitude and pathetic president , " President Trump weak and so bad , " " he Barack Obama’s weak , he ’s been ineffective "   —    he evidently thought Ms. Manning was ungracious Thursday morning so . Mr. Trump seemed to be referring to President Trump that Ms. Manning wrote Barack Obama’s The Guardian newspaper , in which Ms. Manning Mr. Obama a chance , Barack Obama’s suggested that he had not been strong enough to Barack Obama’s President Trump " The one simple lesson to draw from President Obama ’s legacy : Do Barack Obama’s off with a compromise , " Ms. Manning Barack Obama’s . " They wo n’t meet you in the middle . Instead , what we need is an unapologetic progressive leader . " Wonder where Mr. Trump got his idea ? 
 President Trump President Trump Ms. Manning Ms. Manning Ms. Manning a column that Ms. Manning wrote in The Guardian newspaper, in which she argued that Mr. Obama left "very few permanent accomplishments" because he was too willing to compromise a criticism of Republicans never giving Mr. Obama a chance 