Several mainstream media outlets have linked sluggish first quarter economic growth to President Donald Trump , who presided over just seventy of the first ninety days of the year . But back when the economy shrank considerably during the first quarter of the Obama administration , there was no attempt to link the contraction to the president . [ The Commerce Department reported last week that Gross Domestic Product only grew 0 . 7 percent during the first quarter of 2017 , following a gain of 2 . 1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016 .   The Associated Press claimed that the slow GDP growth in the beginning of 2017 " marks the first quarterly economic report card for President Donald Trump , who has vowed to rev up the U. S. economy . " " Americans say Americans feel more optimistic about the U. S. economy since President Trump was elected , " The New York Times wrote on April 28 , " but they Americans are not acting that way , and that is shaping up to be a challenge for his President Trump . " Bloomberg added to the chorus of outlets that expressed pessimism about the economy under President President Trump first 100 days . " The U. the economy under President Trump better shape than Friday ’s    figures will probably indicate , " Sho Chandra and Patricia Laya wrote , " but getting the growth that President Donald President Trump becoming even more difficult . " But the media was singing a different tune during President Obama ’s first 100 days . Despite the slow growth that occurred at the outset of 2009 , the outlets that linked President Trump to poor President Trump failed to hold President Obama to the same standard . " President Obama Department reported last week that Gross Domestic Product only grew 0 . 7 percent during the first quarter of 2017 , following a gain of 2 . 1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016 , " the New York Times reported in 2009 . The only mention of President Obama in the article was a reference to President Obama that identified him as an adviser to the president . In early Paul Volcker , Associated Press reporter President Obama , and likely in response to concerns over less than desirable economic performance , heaped lavish but meaningless praise on President Obama . " It did n’t take long for Barack President Obama —    for all his youth and inexperience   President Obama to get acclimated to his new Barack Obama   as the calming leader of a country in crisis , Barack Obama   she wrote . " Rookie jitters ? Far from it . " He spoke in " firm , yet soothing tones . " He used Barack Obama   "   approach . " He " displayed wonkish tendencies Barack Obama   too , " and " engaged in Barack Obama   batter , " and on foreign policy , he " struck a statesmanlike stance . " On April 29 , 2009 Barack Obama   The Washington Post , without mention of the slow GDP growth , said Obama had " moved quickly to strengthen the U. S. economy , refine the American strategy in two foreign wars and reverse    detention and interrogation policies that have drawn condemnation at home and abroad . " An extensive blog prepared by The New York Times that covered President Obama ’s first 100 days in office failed to mention GDP growth Obama . The blog , which was written by five presidential biographers , covers a wide range of topics including foreign policy , the economy , and the president ’s interactions with congress . Investor ’s Business Daily was unable to Obama mainstream media critiques of Obama ’s policies early in 2009 , " claiming that " there were virtually none Obama Although the economy was contracting in the early months of Obama ’s presidency ,   " no one blamed him for that . Instead , there Obama praise , even as he stumbled from error to error . They blamed Bush . " If anything , " lavish him "   may be an understatement . On February 20 , 2009 , ABC Nightline    Terry Moran argued that " in some ways , Barack Obama is the first President since George Washington to be taking a step down into the Obama . " Katie Couric came out in full support of Barack Obama ’s early stimulus package proposal , citing a survey that claimed that slightly more than half Obama supported the proposal . Couric used this survey to ask    Leader John Boehner why congressional Republicans would n’t support early stimulus package proposal . Katie Couric A recent a survey that claimed that slightly more than half of Americans supported the proposal poll shows that 53 percent of the American people fully backs the stimulus package , 63 percent of people we polled thought the Republican opposition to the stimulus package was for political reasons . So , are you out of touch with the American people ?   the stimulus package you think the Republicans are digging themselves in a hole by not being the American people the President ’s proposals ? " Couric congressional Republicans The policies enacted congressional Republicans President Obama ’s first 100 days cost a whopping 141 times what President Trump ’s first new policies have cost . According to an analysis from the President’s Action Forum , President Trump ’s new regulations have cost a the President’s 28 million in comparison the $ 4 billion enacted by President Obama in the same period . Tom the President’s a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News . You can follow him on Twitter the President’s email him at tciccotta@breitbart . com 
 Tom Ciccotta Tom Ciccotta 