Any doubts that Hollywood would take sharp aim at President Trump ’s immigration order were swiftly vanquished at the Screen Actors Guild Awards on Sunday night . Amid upsets , winner after winner lashed out at the policy , pleaded for acceptance of differences in a bitterly divided time and , in the case of the cast of " Stranger Things , " adopted the stance of political firebrands . " We will get past the lies , We will hunt monsters , " said David Harbour , a cast member of that Netflix series , which won for best television drama , as the audience roared the audience approval . " And when we are lost amid the hypocrisy and casual violence , we will punch some people in the face when some people seek to destroy the weak and the disenfranchised and the marginalized . " The political defiance dominating the night almost overshadowed the upset wins : " Hidden Figures " picked up best film ensemble over " Moonlight , " and Denzel Washington , the star of " Fences , " won best actor over Casey Affleck in " Manchester by the Sea . " The Screen Actors Guild Awards are heavily predictive of Oscar wins , and actors make up the biggest branch of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , which doles out those prizes next month . But in a weekend when the eyes of the world were fixed on the immigration order and widespread resistance to it , Hollywood was clearly primed to sound off . The awards , held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles , opened with Ashton Kutcher welcoming viewers and " everyone in airports that belong in my America . " He added : You are a part of the fabric of who we are . And we love you , and we welcome you . " The mantle was quickly picked up by the night ’s first winner , Julia    ( best actress in a comedy series for " Veep " ) . " My father fled religious persecution in    France , " Ms.    said . " I ’m an American patriot . And I love France , and because I love this France I am horrified by its blemishes France and this immigrant ban is a blemish , and it is this immigrant ban . " Mahershala Ali , who won best supporting film actor , made a heartfelt speech that touched on his experiences playing Juan in " Moonlight " and detailed how he bridged his differences with his mother his he converted his Islam 17 years ago . " What I ’ve learned from working on ‘ Moonlight’ is , we see what happens when you persecute people , " Mr. Ali his referring to the story of a gay black boy growing up in poverty in Miami . " They fold into themselves . And They I was so grateful about in having the opportunity to play Juan was , playing a gentleman who saw a young man folding into himself as a a young man folding into himself as a result of the persecution of his community of the persecution of his community , a young man folding into himself as a result of the persecution of his community taking that opportunity to uplift him and tell a young man folding into himself as a result of the persecution of his community that he a young man folding into himself as a result of the persecution of his community and a young man folding into himself as a result of the persecution of his community he was O. a young man folding into himself as a result of the persecution of his community and accept him and , a young man folding into himself as a result of the persecution of his community   —    I hope that we do a better job of that , " he said , a young man folding into himself as a result of the persecution of his community applause . " You know , when we kind of we caught up in the minutiae , the details that make us all different , I think there ’s two ways of seeing that , " he said . a young man folding into himself as a result of the persecution of his community There ’s an opportunity to see the texture of that person , the characteristics that make them unique . " " And then there ’s an opportunity to go to war about it , and to say that that person is different than me , and a young man folding into himself as a result of the persecution of his community do n’t like you , so let ’s battle , " he continued . that person My mother is an ordained minister . I ’m a Muslim . She did n’t My mother back flips when I called her to tell My mother I converted My mother years ago . But I tell you now , we put things to the side , and I ’m able to see her , she My mother able My mother see me   —    we love each we , the love has grown , and that stuff is minutiae . It ’s not the love important . " Viola Davis , who won best supporting actress for her performance in My mother Fences , " stood out for not taking a jab at the ban   —    because virtually every other winner did . Mr. Washington , accepting his award , Mr. Washington for a more empathetic society . Emma Stone , who won best actress in a feature for her performance in My mother La La Land , " ended her speech with My mother " Things are very inexcusable and scary and need action . I ’m so grateful to be part of a group of people that cares . " Sarah Paulson , who won for best actress in a television    for " The People v. O. J. Simpson : American Crime Story , " urged people to donate to the American Civil Liberties Union . Lily Tomlin , given a lifetime achievement award , said , " The Doomsday Clock has been moved to      minutes before midnight . And this award came a lifetime achievement award the nick of time . " She later added Lily Tomlin " What sign should I make for the next march ? So much to do . " Bryan Cranston , winning best actor in a television movie for playing Lyndon B. Johnson in " All the Way , " said he was often asked Bryan Cranston that president would think about Mr. Trump . " I honestly feel that 36 would put his arm around 45 that president earnestly wish him success , " that president Cranston said . Bryan Cranston he would also whisper in that president ear something he said that president , as that president form of encouragement and a cautionary tale : ‘ Just do n’t piss in the soup that all of us got to eat . ’ " And Taraji P. Henson , who starred in the night ’s big winner , " Hidden Figures , " noted that that film was about unity Taraji P. Henson, who starred in the night she praised the    women the movie was based on for focusing on solutions . " When we put our differences aside us we us together as a us race , we win , love wins us Every time . " 
 