Come with me   …      if you want congressional districts to be drawn fairly . [ Arnold Schwarzenegger has launched a nationwide    campaign that aims to place Congressional    in the hands of independent , unbiased commissions .   In a post to Arnold Schwarzenegger Facebook page this week , the     actor and former California governor promised to match any donations made to the    actor and former California governor new fundraising campaign , which is aimed at fixing what the    actor and former California governor calls a " broken " system of drawing district lines in which representatives with approval ratings worse than " herpes , colonoscopies and cockroaches " continually get   . " At the same time , it seems like the American people are more divided than at any time in recent memory , " Schwarzenegger wrote . " That ’s no accident   —    our politicians have literally divided our , drawing map lines so that our politicians can pick the voters our politicians want to represent , instead of letting the voters pick the voters they want to represent . " " When I was elected Governor of California in 2003 a lot of voters imagined I would be the Kindergarten Cop and break the gridlock in the legislature singlehandedly , but I realized very quickly that the problem ran much deeper , " he added . " Because legislators were drawing legislators own districts , legislators were picking legislators voters and virtually assuring legislators own   . Most politicians came from hardcore Democratic districts or hardcore Republican districts and had no incentive to leave Most politicians partisan corners to come together for the people of California . " Schwarzenegger went on to explain that California adoption of an independent commission to draw congressional districts nearly ten years ago resulted in four House seats changing party hands in the 2008 election , what he Schwarzenegger was a 400 percent increase from the past decade in just one year . " It ’s a    attack   —    we will fight gerrymandering with grassroots initiatives , we we fight it It lobbying in state capitols , and we we fight it It the courts , " Schwarzenegger wrote . " Together , we we win . " As of Sunday afternoon , the " Terminate Gerrymandering " fundraising page on CrowdPac had raised more than $ 15 , 000 . Schwarzenegger Schwarzenegger been both politically active and gone back to his Schwarzenegger roots in recent months . In addition to feuding openly with President Donald Trump , the Schwarzenegger a reboot of Trump ’s popular President Donald Trump reality show , before announcing earlier this year he would not Schwarzenegger for a second season . Earlier this month , Schwarzenegger told Entertainment Schwarzenegger that he hoped to Schwarzenegger shooting a sequel to his 1988 comedy Schwarzenegger   —    tentatively titled Triplets   —    later this year .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 