As part of the Democratic Party ’s response to President Donald Trump ’s address to a joint session of congress , former Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear referred to former Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear as a " proud Republican . " [ Addressing the camera from a diner in Kentucky , former Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear appeared former Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear tangle his words former Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear stating that " I ’m a proud Democrat , but first and foremost , I ’m a ’m Republican , and Democrat , and mostly , American . "   Beshear went former Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear to attack Trump on a number of issues , claiming that Trump planned Trump " rip affordable health insurance from Americans who must need it , " as Trump and Trump formulate plans to fully repeal Obamacare . The former governor also accused Trump of Trump Wall Street ’s champion , " after one of Trump ’s executive Trump makes it harder for families to even afford a mortgage , " while " rolling back rules that provide oversight of the financial industry and protect us against another economic meltdown . " He also criticized Donald The former governor ’s cabinet Trump them as a " cabinet of Donald Trump’s cabinet picks and Wall Street insiders who want to eviscerate the protections that most Americans count on and help level the playing field . " The tone of the response appeared to be a pitch to the working class Americans who helped propel Trump to victory last November , Trump the video set in a modest diner surrounded by people Beshear claimed were his neighbors , as well as Beshear mix of both Democrats and Republicans . Donald Trump ’s speech covered a Trump issues , such as healthcare , defense spending , cutting the size of government , and the need for unity in a divided America . A CNN poll later found that nearly four out of five Americans had a " positive reaction " to the speech . You can follow Ben speech Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew 