BEIJING   —    China ’s leaders thought China’s leaders had a solution to the torrent of snark , jibes and condemnation on Twitter : China’s leaders banned access to it at home . Yet China has become the country that    Donald J. Trump seems to enjoy criticizing the most on   Donald J. Trump     Twitter feed . In bursts of 140 characters or less ,   Donald J. Trump has jabbed at Beijing over Taiwan , trade , the South China Sea and , most recently , North Korea . " China has been taking out massive amounts of money   wealth from the U. S. in totally    trade , but wo n’t help with North Korea . Nice ! " Mr. Trump said on Twitter on Monday . How and when President Xi Jinping reads about these broadsides remains a mystery to outsiders . Translating Mr. Mr. Trump sarcasm   —    " Nice ! "   —    could be tricky . But Chinese officials and the state news media want Mr. Trump Mr. Trump that their leaders prefer Chinese officials and the state news media diplomacy the    way , behind closed doors and muffled in platitudes . Xinhua , the state news agency , has more or less asked Mr. Trump to Mr. Trump . " An obsession with ‘ Twitter foreign policy’ is undesirable , " read the headline of   a Xinhua commentary on Tuesday Xinhua Mr. Trump ’s posts Mr. Trump recognizes the common sense that foreign policy is n’t child ’s play , and even less is it like doing business deals , " said the article , published after Mr. Trump ’s latest barbed comments Mr. Trump " Twitter should n’t become an instrument of foreign policy , " the article said . Earlier that day , the article, published after Mr. Trump’s latest barbed comments on China for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs rejected Mr. Trump ’s accusation that Beijing had coddled Mr. Trump But the article acknowledged that China was probably too late to detach the article, published after Mr. Trump’s latest barbed comments on China from Twitter . the article, published after Mr. Trump’s latest barbed comments on China Trump ’s designated press Mr. Trump Sean Spicer , has Twitter that Mr. Trump will keep using the terse , punchy format after Mr. Trump in the White House . " Issuing tweets has become Mr. Trump habit for Mr. Trump , " Xinhua noted . Mr. Trump , it said Mr. Trump to assume that " issuing    Mr. Trump taking up sensitive issues may perhaps add to his chips for negotiating with other countries . " Mr. Xi is most unlikely Mr. Trump joust directly with Mr. Trump on Twitter . The service has been banned in China since 2009 , though residents find ways to poke through the firewall of censorship . And while Chinese politicians love slogans , they prefer to communicate with foreign leaders through long , tranquilizing disquisitions . Open sarcasm is Chinese politicians . Sad ! 
 