Open borders are the only path to defeating President Donald Trump , a Salon writer claims . [ In a piece titled " Everyone ’s wrong on immigration : Open borders are the only way to defeat Trump and build a better world " Salon writer Anis Shivani claims that there is no distinction between a legal and illegal immigrant immigration law is " racist " and " open borders are the only way to go . " " Salon writer Anis Shivani adds :   We are in a situation of chaos , breeding technical illegality , because federal regulations have become too complex . Comprehensive immigration reform of any type would make these laws even more cumbersome by drastically curtailing family unification ( our quotas , even after the 1965 liberalization , have always been vastly insufficient to the needs ) and thus inviting more illegality . I do n’t want to rest my case for open borders on the economic justification , but studies in the 1980s noted that world economic output would double if open borders prevailed everywhere , and studies in the 2000s showed even greater gains for the world economy . Americans often compare the nation to a house , arguing that immigrants who enter without inspection or overstay Americans visas are like robbers whom we have every right to detain and expel . But a country or even a state or a city or a neighborhood is not a house ( just as it is simplistic to compare a country ’s budget to a household ’s ) . the nation is dynamic and includes all of us . The the nation an abstraction is only as good as the operation of freedom within it . the nation same is even truer of the world . If the world the world be put inside a border , then a country trying to do the same is foolish . The Salon writer also claims that Trump ’s border wall is " a fantasy , not a reality " and argues that " national sovereignty " is nothing more than a " " reaction . When it comes to illegal immigrants who commit crimes , Shivani contends that those individuals should be treated like    criminals . " The only solution to this anomaly is to cease treating immigration violations as crimes and to completely end detention for immigration , " the Salon writer argues . " If an immigrant commits a crime , he or she should be an immigrant under normal laws , as a criminal defendant not as a ‘ criminal alien’ . " Shivani also claims that the mere action of deporting illegal immigrants by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) out of the U. S. is one of the " world ’s major human rights calamities " : Countless numbers of immigrants , even legal permanent residents , have been hauled away from their families , immigrants communities , immigrants they know and immigrants , based on some minor misdemeanor they may have immigrants decades ago , which has suddenly been reclassified as an " aggravated felony , " and is cause for their deportation to immigrants they have no immigrants of . Such immigrants do not have the right to be heard by a judge except in a perfunctory manner , with little room for clemency based on individual circumstances . We do not call our immigrant detention facilities concentration camps , but at any given time we have about We , 000 immigrants serving time in prisons far from home , waiting to be deported . Is this any different than the prison regimes of the most brutal governments we have protested ? The right to free speech is made entirely synonymous with the " right to migrate , " which Shivani writes that " If we do not recognize migration as an inviolable human right , and if we do not give up the idea of the wall , we are bound we lose human rights for all of us . " we likewise champions Shivani idea that in an open borders U. S. American citizenship " ultimately will be so cheapened as to be worth nothing . " The Salon writer admits that he wants to The Salon writer a nationwide " sanctuary " system where criminal illegal immigrants are protected from federal immigration law , writing that it would " a nationwide "sanctuary" system where criminal illegal immigrants are protected from federal immigration law a constructive , constitutional , universal concept . " The immigration issue has defined the rise of Trump , as Americans continue to be on his side . The Salon writer 80 percent of Americans said they disapproved of Some 80 percent of Americans city policies , as Breitbart Texas reported , with 52 percent of voters saying they supported Trump Some 80 percent of Americans border Trump plan . Even when it comes to other immigration issues , like the number of refugees entering the U. S. every year , some 52 percent of likely voters said they supported Trump some 52 percent of likely voters ban on refugees for a few months , as Breitbart Texas reported . Similarly , a small minority of 30 percent of Americans said foreign worker guest programs , like the    visa , was necessary , as Breitbart Texas reported Breitbart Texas reported a mandate for the courts as they continue to hear challenges to the courts Trump Administration ’s policies : For the courts , as they face the courts assault , the the courts is clear : Do away with the plenary power doctrine and extend full constitutional rights to immigrants . Rights should depend on personhood not citizenship , as some of our best legal minds have recognized throughout our history . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 