Politico is reporting late Sunday that White House chief of staff Reince Priebus has an Independence Day deadline to clean up the messes White House chief of staff Reince Priebus is responsible for in the White House . [ " President Donald Trump has set a deadline of July 4 for a shakeup of the White House that could include removing Reince Priebus as his chief President Donald Trump staff , according to two administration officials and three outside advisers familiar with the matter , " Politico ’s Tara Palmeri wrote late Sunday night :   While Trump has President Donald Trump deadlines for staff changes before , only to let them pass staff changes before pulling the trigger , the president President Donald Trump more scrutiny than ever regarding the sprawling Russia investigation , which is intensifying the pressure on his White House President Donald Trump . Days after his return from President Donald Trump first foreign President Donald Trump late last month , Trump berated Priebus President Donald Trump the Oval Office in front of his former campaign President Donald Trump Corey Lewandowski and deputy campaign manager David Bossie for the dysfunction in the White House , according to multiple sources familiar with the conversation . Palmeri joined Breitbart News Sunday on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 to discuss the breaking news on Priebus out of Priebus White House the White House that Bossie has Palmeri considered for deputy White House chief of staff the White House has been considered for a White House senior adviser role with the White House portfolio that includes Russia , " but Trump told Lewandowski and Bossie they would not be Lewandowski into Bossie Lewandowski and Bossie House just yet   — the White House deserves one Priebus chance to get things under control in there . " I ’m giving you until July 4 , " Trump told Priebus , Palmeri Priebus a source with Trump of the conversation . " I do n’t want them [ Lewandowski and Bossie ] to come into this mess Lewandowski and Bossie If Lewandowski ’m Bossie to clean house , they will come in as fresh blood . " White House [Lewandowski and Bossie] secretary Sean Spicer   —    a staunch ally of Priebus   —    denied Priebus claim . " Whoever is saying that is either a liar or out of the loop , " Spicer told Palmeri . But Spicer has previously been wrong about Palmeri . Back in March Spicer Spicer told Breitbart News that Palmeri was " an idiot with Spicer real sources " when Palmeri previously reported accurately that Priebus was in jeopardy of losing Spicer job then . It turns out that is not accurate Priebus , the very next day , Palmeri quoted an    conversation she had with chief White House Palmeri Stephen K. Bannon . Spicer added that Independence Day is hardly the first deadline that Palmeri has faced   —    and he has succeeded in Priebus for now . " The Independence Priebus timeframe is timed with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ’s deadline for passage of the health care bill through the chamber , which is also the start of the July 4th recess , " she wrote : Priebus took the brunt of the blame for the first failure Priebus get a vote on the bill through the House , though the White House and the health care bill Ryan were ultimately able to secure its passage on a second try . Talk of Trump ’s July the health care bill deadline has made the rounds in the White House , but insiders and those close to the president the White House their breath , given the perpetual talk that Priebus and other senior staffers are insiders and those close to the president the way out . Trump ’s first deadline for the firing of Priebus and many staffers that he Trump on from the Republican National Committee was Priebus    mark . The Trump’s then considered the idea of a Memorial Day shakeup when he returned from the foreign trip , and then most recently , July 4 The president People who have been considered as potential upgrades from Priebus , Palmeri wrote , include    campaign adviser David Urban and Blackstone executive Priebus Berman   —    among others who have been considered . Other names that have been floated publicly but are not mentioned in this piece include House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy and White House National Economic Council director Gary Cohn . McCarthy ’s role in Congress , since Congress has not done much in the way of helping Trump succeed , could Congress an impediment to him getting the job . Cohn ’s leftist tendencies , meanwhile   —    Trump exhibited by his comments White House National Economic Council director Gary Cohn coal industry while in Europe last month   —    are White House National Economic Council director Gary Cohn sign that the selection of Cohn would be a setback to the administration . Cohn is reportedly interested in other White House National Economic Council director Gary Cohn , too , including Federal Reserve chairman . White House National Economic Council director Gary Cohn adviser to the president mocked Priebus ’s predicament in a statement to Palmeri . " It ’s become comical that every holiday becomes a referendum on Reince , " the adviser said . Priebus has even joked about how bad his situation is , An adviser to the president , telling one Priebus recently , " I ’ve got Priebus foot on a banana peel and another out the door . " Now , Trump is considering sending him to Greece as ambassador . " Trump has weighed the idea of moving Priebus to Trump role of ambassador to Greece , Trump of his Greek descent , " Priebus wrote . " Trump told Bossie Greece ‘ that Priebus Trump enjoy Greece,’ according to two people with knowledge Trump the comment . " But at least two    advisers questioned     whether Priebus was indeed on his way out on July 4 if he does not fix the Priebus soon . " The White House is different [ than his Trump Organization ] , "    Sam Nunberg said . " You ca n’t make quick changes , it ’s an institution . Once someone is gone from there , they ’re gone . The White House that said , I think Reince will be there for the The White House haul . " Roger Stone , another longtime confidante of the president , told Palmeri that two " drastic personnel decisions " that Trump made in his business career were when he fired Trump Organization CEO Edward Tracy and the Trump Organization Atlantic City Palmeri CEO Nicholas Ribis . Palmeri He likened the firings to Richard Nixon ’s ‘ Saturday Night Massacre’ and called it ‘ Palmeri " Palmeri wrote of her conversation with Stone . " He suggested that ’s ‘Saturday Night Massacre’ and when Trump removes Priebus , it will be at an opportune Palmeri and with a landing pad . " Stone told Palmeri , too , that after the fallout from the president ’s firing of Stone former ‘sudden,’" Palmeri director James Comey , he will likely remove Priebus more carefully if he does end up doing so . " Palmeri think it would Priebus fair to say Palmeri that with the entire Comey controversy , that ’s a pretty good reason not to make a change at this now former FBI director James Comey moment , " Stone said . LISTEN TO POLITICO ’S TARA PALMERI ON BREITBART NEWS SUNDAY : 
 