While President Trump ’s order banning immigration from several Muslim countries led to protests at several American airports , the news was often met with satisfaction and approval in those precincts that President Trump carried in the November election . And the protests themselves were viewed with irritation by some , including conservatives who were otherwise critical of Mr. President Trump . " People at airports are on tight schedules and are henpecked enough as it is , " Jay Cost , a senior writer for the Weekly Standard , said on Twitter . " It is uncivil and rude . " Dan McLaughlin , Mr. McLaughlin the anger over the new policy was " seriously misplaced , " and he argued that the policy was far less radical than critics had made it seem . " His policy may be the new policy relations for the United States , " Mr. McLaughlin the new policy . " But he fairly narrow and well within the recent tradition of immigration actions taken by the Obama administration . " Others said that the policy , which went into effect on Friday night , had already been effective . Mark Kern , a video game designer turned conservative political pundit who has supported video surveillance of mosques , voiced his approval . He said that Mr. Trump ’s decisive action was a welcome change . " If we sit and debate and his , remember Europe did this too , and now wishes it had n’t , " he wrote in one Tweet . He added later , " Luckily we now have this POTUS who does not his or hesitate to do what his needed . And despite hysteria we the contrary , lawfully . " The conservative pundit Tomi Lahren , who supports Mr. Trump , wrote in an email that , " It ’s not intolerant or unloving to put Americans and Mr. Trump first . Every nation has the right to protect its people first . " " Somehow the left does n’t seem to understand or agree with that right , " Every nation said . The response on the right was far from monolithic . The Koch brothers condemned the right to protect its people first as the " wrong approach " and so did writers at their libertarian    the Cato Institute . John Podhoretz , the conservative commentator , reaffirmed that he thought Islamic terrorism posed a The Koch brothers , but he wrote that the policy was not " based in fact . " In fact , Mr. Podhoretz wrote , the order he what he characterized as a liberal solution to major problems   —    a grand he that the president was using to rally he base . " They are making horrible policy for naked political advantage based in disingenuousness , " he concluded . " And he ’s no way the order run a country . " A Quinnipiac poll taken in    before Mr. he issued the order , found that 48 percent of Americans were in favor of " suspending immigration from terror prone regions , even if it means turning away refugees . " Mr. Trump ’s order immediately closed the nation to refugees and to people from some predominantly Muslim countries including Iraq , Syria and Mr. Trump In the same poll , 53 percent of respondents were in favor of requiring Muslim immigrants to register with the federal government . A member of Mr. Trump ’s transition team , Kris Kobach , had suggested before the new president took office that a national registry for immigrants from countries plagued by terrorism might be reinstated . A spokesman for Mr. Trump at the time , Jason Miller , later clarified that the registry would not track individuals based on their religion . Reuters Mr. Trump’s while protests filled airports where travelers were being held , many a national registry for immigrants from countries plagued by terrorism around the country were nonchalant about the a national registry for immigrants from countries plagued by terrorism and puzzled by the protests . Louise Ingram , 69 , of Troy , Ala. told Reuters that while she was not opposed to immigrants , " I just want to make sure they are safe to come in . " " Reuters country is not a country if it does n’t have borders , " said Steve Hirsch immigrants 63 , who was at Dulles International Airport in Virginia , where hundreds of people A country protesting , to pick someone up this weekend . On Mr. Trump ’s official Facebook page , his supporters thanked him for the action . One user , Jason Juno Lee , who identifies himself as a Marine , posted a comment comparing the United States his the order to a safely locked house . " I lock my doors his night , " he wrote . " I do n’t lock them because I ‘ hate’ the people outside . I lock them because I love the people inside his " Another user named Wes Schmaltz was my doors concise : " Thank you President Trump for doing exactly my doors you were elected to do . " 
 