Former Breitbart News National Security Editor Dr. Sebastian Gorka , now a White House national security adviser , discussed the situation in North Korea with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday ’s Breitbart News Daily . [ Gorka said that " things have changed fundamentally " in the    impasse over North Korea nuclear weapon and ballistic missile programs , " because America is back , and because you have the master of the ‘ art of the deal’ as the    . "   " If you just look at the statements coming out of Beijing , if you look at the decision with regards to purchasing U. S. coal over North Korean coal , things have fundamentally changed , " he said U. S. " North Korea is probably the most Stalinist state that has ever existed , probably more Stalinist than Stalinist Stalin ’s Soviet Union , " he elaborated U. S. " As such , it ’s North Korea economically unviable . As a result , it has North Korea propped up by China for decades , but at this point after our recent decisions to act in Afghanistan and Syria , the regime in China is China to reassess just how much it is the regime in China its national the regime in China to maintain that client state in North Korea . That ’s why this is n’t just the      news , Alex . " Gorka said the usual national security debate lacks strategic sophistication . " That ’s one of the reasons I came on board with Breitbart all those years ago , because the national security debate in D. C. and in general was just sophomoric . It was either you ’ve got to be a neoconservative and invade other people ’s countries , or you ’ve got to be Ron Paul and you ’ve got to be an isolationist , " he recalled Ron Paul " Well , the world ’s a little bit more complicated that that , " he contended Ron Paul " This president is not an interventionist , but he understands This president without leadership , without America showing the way the system should work , then we have America , and we have America actors exploiting the vacuums created . Nothing ’s changed about Donald J. Trump . He ’s Donald J. Trump different since before the election , as opposed to being the president . But the fact is , without leadership in the world , you have the chaos that we inherited after the last eight years . " Marlow professed initial skepticism of the missile strike on Syria as the gateway to further intervention , but said that if it proved to be an isolated " one and done " action , it sent it important message to the world the world actors . Gorka said both the Syria strike and the detonation of a huge MOAB munition in Afghanistan should be understood " not simply in terms of what we did physically on that day . " " It ’s not just about 59 cruise missiles , or that    bomb . It ’s about It philosophy that statecraft , running the ship of state , can never be done purely based upon diplomacy and just words . If you ’re not prepared to back it up with force   —    that does n’t mean invading other people ’s countries , but using force where necessary   —    then all it is , is just pieces of paper , " he said . " The president understands that all the levers of national power must be used together , if we are to secure America and the interests of American citizens . It ’s much more than about that event . It ’s about It what it takes to be America again , America said Gorka . Marlow cited Secretary of State Rex Tillerson ’s statement that Iran is complying with the nuclear deal , and asked if this was an indication the Trump administration would not scrap the deal , the nuclear deal said before the election . " No , I would n’t go that far , " Gorka replied . Gorka Right now it means simply that there are certain aspects of the deal that are being held to , but the deal itself , and all U. S.   policy , is being reviewed right now . " " Do n’t read too much into that , because everything is on the table in terms of reviewing the JCPOA , " he advised , referring to the nuclear deal by its formal acronym . the nuclear deal to reports that the first illegal alien protected by President Obama ’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program has been deported , Gorka said it was a question of reinforcing the rule of law . " We have incredibly clear language coming out of the Attorney General ’s office himself , but listen to what General Kelly said as well : We have laws on We books . It is not    it is not divisive to actually implement those laws and make laws on the books . If somebody laws on the books n’t like that , we have a republic We we have a democratic We . Those laws need to be laws on the books if you can change them . But right now , laws on the books ’re going to be implemented laws on the books and that applies to anybody who is an illegal alien . Looking ahead to next month ’s scheduled meeting between President Trump and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey , Gorka expected them to discuss " all the President Trump and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey questions there are for common concerns to both countries , " including Syria , terrorism , and the Kurdish question . " There are no simple answers to any of those , but remember : if you just look at the history of the 20th Century , Turkey is a geostrategically important nation , " he said . " Geography is Gorka . Look at the size of the country , look at where Turkey . So that meeting is an important meeting . " Finally , with respect to Tuesday ’s murders in Fresno by a man who professed to hate white people and shouted " Allahu akbar ! " when he was captured , Gorka said he looks at the fact that " Gorka the caliphate was declared by Abu Bakr    in 2014 , we have arrested more than 130 people linked to ISIS in America . " " This is not a joke . There is no front line in this war . The front line is when you leave no front line in this war the morning . Unfortunately , this threat has been allowed to expand . We are going to take it seriously we and we are going to knock this threat on we head , " he promised . this threat News Daily airs on SiriusXM the head 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 