Director Oliver Stone believes Democrats’ repeated inquiries into alleged connections between President Donald Trump ’s campaign and the Russian government is a " path that leads nowhere . " [ In an interview with the Sydney Morning Herald to discuss Director Oliver Stone latest documentary   —    about Russian President Vladimir Putin   — Director Oliver Stone Director Oliver Stone his Director Oliver Stone interacting with the Russian leader and what his the Russian leader aims to convey to a Western audience .   " It ’s not a documentary as much as a question and answer session , " he Director Oliver Stone . " Mr. Russian President Vladimir Putin   one of the most important leaders in the world and in so far as the United States has declared him an Russian President Vladimir Putin     —    a great enemy   —    I think it ’s It important we hear what he has Russian President Vladimir Putin   say . " The documentary his documentary focus on Putin ’s Russian President Vladimir Putin   of events since he became Russian President Vladimir Putin   of Russia in 2000 . " It opens up his documentary whole viewpoint that we as Americans have n’t heard , " Stone said . " We went to we him four different Stone over two years . " Stone reportedly discussed Stone number of topics with President Putin , including the case of NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden . He also noted Stone the Russian president President Putin straight , " and hopes his documentary can Stone explain Putin ’s points of view President Putin a Western audience . When questioned about allegations made by Democrats and the political left that President Trump has direct connections President Putin , Stone replied : " That ’s a path that leads nowhere to my mind . " " That ’s an internal war of politics in the US in which the Democratic party has taken a suicide pact or something to blow him up in other words , to completely    him and in so doing blow him the US essentially , " he the US " What they ’re him is destroying the trust that exists between people and government . It ’s a very dangerous position to make accusations you can not prove . " Read the Sydney Morning Herald‘s full interview with Stone here .    Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan or email him Lucas Nolan lnolan@breitbart . com 
 Lucas Nolan 