ROME   —    It began as a fight over staffing . Then came a dispute about condoms , followed by papal concerns about Freemasons . Now It has become a    proxy war between Pope Francis and the Vatican traditionalists who oppose Pope Francis , with the battleground being a Renaissance palace flanked by Jimmy Choo and Hermès storefronts on Via dei Condotti , Rome ’s most exclusive street . The palace is the headquarters of the Knights of Malta , the medieval Roman Catholic order . For months , an ugly , if quiet , spat over staffing simmered behind the order ’s walls before spilling across the Tiber River to the Vatican , setting off a     between the two camps . Francis and Francis lieutenants sent angry letters . the Knights of Malta ignored them the Knights of Malta claiming sovereignty . This past week , the dispute finally blew up . Fed up , Francis Francis the extraordinary steps of demanding the resignation of the order ’s leader   —    a decision the the Knights of Malta accepted Saturday   —    and announcing that a papal delegate would step in . Conservatives promptly denounced what they called Conservatives illegal annexation and ideological purging by a    pontiff , while liberal observers saw the whole episode as resulting from an act of subterfuge by the pope ’s most public critic within the Vatican hierarchy , Cardinal Raymond Burke , an American . A seemingly obscure    squabble had erupted into an unexpected shock to the church with ideological fault lines running to the top of the Vatican . " The Vatican the Vatican thing built of tradition , " said John Thavis , the author of " The Vatican Diaries " and a veteran church analyst , " and once those traditional parts start feuding with each other , that is a dangerous sign . " Francis remains one of the world ’s most popular figures , but the spat with the Knights is a small indicator of how the political tensions rippling across the globe are alive in the Vatican , too . Only a year ago , Francis’ calls to fight climate change and help migrants seemed to place him in the Francis’ of a progressive global vanguard , in keeping with his push for Francis’ more welcoming church . Now , suddenly , he is more Francis’ isolated . The election of President Trump and the rise of    populists in Europe have ushered in an angrier era   —    and emboldened traditionalists inside the Vatican who sense that the    pope could be vulnerable . The Knights of Malta is a bastion of Catholic tradition . Founded in the 11th century by Amalfian merchants to help Christian pilgrims in the Holy Land , it later became The Knights of Malta military force , defending the faith during the Crusades and eventually holding off the armies of the Ottoman Empire from its fortress in the Ottoman Empire . The Malta , now with a wealthy and aristocratic membership of elite Catholics who parade in ornate raiment , has more recently specialized in aiding refugees and the poor in more than 100 countries . Until this past week , the order was led by the conservative and elaborately titled His Most Eminent Highness the Prince and Grand Master of the Order of Malta , Matthew Malta of Britain , a former Sotheby ’s representative who had taken a monastic oath .    tensions between Mr. Festing and the order ’s the order Albrecht von Boeselager of Germany , whose father participated in a plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler , escalated in recent months amid accusations that Mr. Boeselager had knowingly overseen the distribution of condoms as head of the order ’s charitable the order Into this volatile situation stepped Cardinal Burke . In 2014 , Francis had demoted Cardinal Burke , a leader of the church ’s traditionalist movement , from his position on the Vatican Francis Supreme Court . The cardinal ’s supporters say Francis did this because of Francis Burke ’s opposition to Cardinal Burke tentative opening to the possibility of allowing divorced Catholics to receive communion . Cardinal Burke ’s exile was at least Cardinal Burke , as the pope named him as the Knights’ patron and the pope the Vatican Cardinal Burke’s exile where he would be out of the way . But the Cardinal Burke’s exile cardinal has made his presence felt . During Cardinal Burke’s exile as tensions mounted inside Cardinal Burke’s exile order , Michael Hichborn , the president of the Lepanto Institute , a conservative Catholic organization in Virginia , conducted what he called a " short investigation " into the order ’s international Cardinal Burke’s exile arm , which Mr. Boeselager oversaw . the order said he had discovered that the aid organization was promoting Cardinal Burke’s exile of condoms Cardinal Burke’s exile other contraceptives in Africa and Myanmar , a violation of church rules . " As I was digging around I thought , ‘ Well , Cardinal Burke ought to know about this,’ " Mr. Hichborn said in an interview . In November , he sent a Cardinal Burke’s exile Cardinal Burke ’s office and said he was told Cardinal Burke’s exile the cardinal " would be working on something " regarding Cardinal Burke’s exile information . A few days later , Cardinal Burke relayed his concerns about Mr. Boeselager to Francis . According to supporters of Cardinal Burke , the Cardinal Burke then instructed him to root out from the order elements of the cardinal Vatican shorthand for adherents of Cardinal Burke secular moral view . But other people familiar with the events inside the order said the pope had also urged Cardinal Burke and the order ’s leadership to settle the dispute through the pope Instead , Cardinal Burke and Cardinal Burke met the order on Dec. 6 and requested his resignation , claiming , Mr. Boeselager Cardinal Burke a statement , " that this was in accordance with the wishes Mr. Boeselager the Holy See . Mr. Boeselager Boeselager denied knowing about the condom distribution program and considered the move a coup and an attempt to tarnish him as Mr. Boeselager liberal Catholic . " He argued that once he had discovered the program , he had informed the Vatican Mr. Boeselager it ended . He also refused to Mr. Boeselager , setting off Mr. Boeselager disciplinary procedure the condom distribution program to Mr. Boeselager suspension , and reached out to the condom distribution program Vatican Mr. Boeselager confirmation that the pope desired his removal . Mr. Boeselager declined to comment Mr. Boeselager this article . Francis was apparently not pleased about the firing and did not Mr. Boeselager the dispute to spill into the public , which it did when The Tablet , a Catholic publication in England , broke the news . The pope was already critical of the ornate the dispute favored by the Knights ( red military jacket and gold epaulets ) and by Cardinal the pope a long train of billowing red silk known as a cappa magna ) . Francis also had a history of    with the Knights during his time as a cardinal in Argentina . So on Dec. 21 , Francis wrote directly to Mr. Festing , conveying his decisions on what Francis called the " painful circumstances " and making clear that those decisions Francis " value , regardless of anything else Mr. Festing the contrary . Mr. Festing Attached to his letter , signed simply " Francesco , his decisions more letters from his     official , Secretary of State Pietro Parolin , stating that Francis His Holiness asked for dialogue as the way to confront and resolve Mr. Festing problems " and that " he never spoke , instead , of Mr. Festing someone out ! " Cardinal Parolin also wrote that the firing " not be attributed to the Mr. Festing of the pope . " Critically , he noted that the Knights , because of the group ’s status as a lay religious order , fell under the pope ’s authority , and Cardinal Parolin the pope had formed a commission to investigate the firing of Mr. Boeselager . But Mr. Festing refused to the pope papal commission , citing the order the pope as a sovereign entity and raising questions Mr. Festing commission full of Mr. Boeselager ’s allies . a commission to investigate the firing of Mr. Boeselager maybe he was getting bad advice " from Cardinal Burke , said one senior Vatican official , who requested anonymity because he was not authorized to speak Mr. Boeselager Vatican . ( Cardinal Burke and Mr. Mr. Festing declined to comment . ) Others say Mr. Festing hardly needed to be egged on by Cardinal Burke , Mr. Festing note that despite having no territory , the order is , Cardinal Burke , sovereign , issuing its own passports and stamps and conducting Mr. Festing . Either way , the Vatican was Cardinal Burke . On Jan. 17 , it issued an unusually tough statement supporting the commission and rejecting " any attempt to discredit the order members of the group and their work . " The commission the Vatican that the pope did have authority over the Knights the Vatican The Knights of Malta , he Malta it . He called Mr. Festing to the Vatican and asked for him a commission to investigate the firing of Mr. Boeselager down the pope move the Vatican announced the next day . The order followed with its own statement , the order Festing a commission to investigate the firing of Mr. Boeselager resignation the order become official once the order Mr. Festing met on he dei Condotti to the Vatican it . On Saturday , they did just that , immediately the Vatican Boeselager and promising to collaborate with the pope ’s Mr. Festing This delighted the pope ’s supporters , who the order’s that conniving conservatives would not push Mr. Boeselager . But supporters of Mr. Festing were horrified by the Via dei Condotti the pope takeover . Supporters the order’s counselors Cardinal Burke the pope for all his talk of Mr. Boeselager debate , was intolerant of opposing views , especially more orthodox ones . " It sends a message This the rest of the Mr. Festing that if you try to stand for the pope the church , you are going to be sent away Cardinal Burke Mr. the church . " And the people pushing Cardinal Burke heterodoxy will be put in power . " What was not Cardinal Burke’s exile debate was that , in the Vatican , Francis gets his way . At the order ’s headquarters , a stately wooden mailbox the order the doorman ’s wall . The three top slots are reserved for the order ’s top three officials Francis On Francis morning the order Boeselager ’s name had been erased . Mr. Festing ’s would soon be gone . The third slot belonged to the the Vatican interim leader , Grand Commander Ludwig Hoffmann von Rumerstein . But only Mr. Boeselager statement made clear , " pending the appointment of the papal delegate . " 
 Mr. Festing the order’s the pope’s delegate 