A bar in Portland , Oregon has offered a lifetime supply of free whiskey to any customer that punches White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon . [ A patron of the Paydirt Bar in Portland , Oregon recently posted a photo of one of A bar in Portland, Oregon receipts to Twitter , noting that the bottom of the receipt featured the proclamation , " Punch Steve Bannon , Get Free Whiskey For Life . " The tweet , which earned thousands of likes and retweets , has since been deleted , but a photo of the receipt the receipt seen below and a link to an archive of the tweet still exists .    The Paydirt Bar has a history of posting    messages to    various social messages . A tweet from the bar ’s The Paydirt Bar in 2015 links to an Instagram post which reads : " " Tonight ’s whiskey pairing : ‘ Thanksgiving Dinner Conversation With Your Racist Uncle About Donald Trump’ ( a shot of Wild Turkey 101 and a cold tall boy of @olympia_beer ) # paydirtbar # pdxdrinks # movingtocanada " Tonight ’s whiskey pairing:"Thanksgiving Dinner Conversation With Your Racist Uncle About Donald   …      https :   .    —    Paydirt ( @paydirtpdx ) November 25 , 2015 ,    Tonight ’s whiskey pairing : " Thanksgiving Dinner Conversation With Your Racist Uncle About Donald Trump " ( a shot of Wild Turkey 101 and Wild Turkey 101 Turkey of @olympia_beer ) # paydirtbar # pdxdrinks # movingtocanada , A post shared by Paydirt ( @paydirtbar ) on Nov 25 , 2015 at 2:30pm PST ,   Breitbart News reached out to the Paydirt Bar to ask why it is that they offer prizes for the assault of Steve Bannon and whether or not they had offered similar prizes for they political figures . In response , a representative for the bar stated : The text the Paydirt Bar series of comments that we leave at the bottom of our receipts . We change the receipts we daily and we touch our receipts sorts of politicians on our receipts sides of the aisle , plus ( mostly ) our beloved Portland Trail Blazers . We we surprised as anyone that these we went viral since it ’s clearly a joke . We went these image on all our accounts we after this happened we we inundated with a series of we serious death threats . Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ or email him Lucas Nolan lnolan@breitbart . com 
 Lucas Nolan 