President Donald Trump discussed several issues with Chinese President Xi Jinping during their    meetings at     this week . [ Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters that President Donald Trump was able to build on President Donald Trump important relationship with Chinese President Xi Jinping but was " frank " and " candid " about their differences .   " I think all of us are feeling very good about the results of this summit in terms of what it did for setting a very constructive tone going forward , " President Donald Trump said . Chinese State media noted that " Xi ’s    trip at     was marked by cordiality , with both presidents seen smile [ sic ] to each other . " Some issues discussed during the visit are important to the United States : Trade and Currency , Trump told the Chinese that Chinese to " Chinese the playing field for American workers , " according to a statement from the White House . He expressed concerns about Trump Chinese government ’s intervention in U. S. economy was hurting jobs for the American worker . Both Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross spoke positively of a "   plan " that they discussed with their Both Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross counterparts to Both Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross important changes immediately . " The most interesting thing to me was they expressed an interest Both Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross reducing their net trade balance Both Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross of the impact it ’s having on money supply and inflation , " Ross said about the Wilbur Ross . " That ’s the first time I ’ve heard them say that in Both Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross bilateral context . " According to Xinhua , the Chinese state media , President Xi urged both countries to " grasp the opportunity " of economic development between the two countries and both countries future investments . " China welcomes the U. S. side to participate in cooperation within the framework of the Belt and Road Initiative , " said Xi . North Korea President Xi Trump and the Chinese agreed that North Korea ’s nuclear weapons program presented a challenge to the region and said that they would take steps to pressure North Korea, Trump and the Chinese rogue state with the " international community . " No agreement was reached , but the United States reasserted that it is willing to act alone No agreement " [ W]e understand it creates unique problems for them and challenges and that we North Korea, Trump and the Chinese , and are , prepared to chart our own course if this is we China is just Tillerson to coordinate with us , " Tillerson said . we China Sea , Officials from the United States discussed the ongoing military buildup in the East and South China Seas , but the result was merely a " candid " conversation . " President Trump noted the importance of adhering to international rules and norms in the East and South China Seas the East and South China Seas House press South China Seas said in a statement . Human Rights , Tillerson remarked that America ’s commitment to human rights was " quite clear " throughout all their discussions , but it appears that specific offenses were not discussed . " I do n’t think you have to have a separate conversation , somehow separate our core values around human rights from our economic discussions , our     discussions , or our foreign policy discussions , our he said . our They ’re really embedded our every discussion , that that specific offenses were not discussed really what guides much of our view around how we ’re going to work together . " Spicer said in a statement that our " noted the importance of protecting human rights and other values deeply held by Americans " during the visit . The Chinese state media reported that Xi called on both sides to cooperate on issues such as " drug trafficking , child trafficking , money laundering , cyber crime and organized crime . " Trump to Visit China , Trump accepted an invitation from President Xi to visit China for a state visit Trump to Visit China some point . 
 China 