The President of the European Council has finally recognized that Europe can not handle the massive influx of migrants crossing from North Africa into Italy and has called for measures to shut down the maritime route across the Strait of Sicily . [ Ironically , just two days ago , the European Council criticized Donald Trump ’s recent executive order putting a moratorium on new visas for nationals of seven particularly dangerous seedbeds of terrorism , calling the U. S. President a " demagogue " who poses an " existential threat " to the EU .   And yet , Tusk seems to The President of the European Council taken a page from his namesake ’s The President of the European Council actions , boldly proposing that the    route be " closed down . " " The flow of migrants from Libya into Italy and the EU is the EU , " Tusk said Thursday The President of the European Council a meeting in Brussels between European and Libyan officials . " Europe has proved it is able to close down irregular routes of migration , as we did on the Eastern Mediterranean route , " Tusk said . The President of the European Council We have discussed the we of our cooperation with Turkey we other countries in this part of the region . Now it is time to close down the route from Libya to Italy . " Populist leaders in Europe were quick to highlight what they consider the hypocrisy Populist leaders in Europe the Council President , who has tended to downplay Europe ’s migrant crisis Europe The Leader of Italy ’s Northern League Italy , Matteo Salvini , challenged the EU official for his slowness to recognize The Leader of Italy’s problem and his sudden    which The Leader of Italy’s just after President Trump decided to draw a line in the sand on the problem of international terrorism and its links to migration President Trump " When we at the League said the same thing five years ago , " Salvini asked , " were n’t we racists ? " we at the League to accusations leveled against the League for its the League the dangers the League unchecked immigration . Libyan Prime Minister Fayez    who met the press together with Donald Tusk , said that the problem of illegal migration is " something dramatic " and affects security , and social , economic and political stability . " We must find ways to deal with all these aspects of the phenomenon , "    said , noting that migrants need to be held back " in their countries of origin , migrants before they embark on the dangerous migrants toward Europe . Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter   Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 