The globalists in world politics and international finance are celebrating a somber occasion in Davos , media reports indicate , as The globalists in world politics and international finance influence on the global stage is waning rapidly in the wake of the U. K. referendum to leave the European Union and the U. S. election of Donald Trump to the presidency . [ " The global economy is in better shape than The global economy ’s been in years . Stock markets are booming , oil prices are on the rise again and the risks of a rapid economic slowdown in China , a major source of concern a year ago , have eased , " Reuters’ Noah Barkin writes from Davos , Switzerland , at the annual summit of the world ’s elite . " And yet , as political leaders , CEOs and top bankers make CEOs and top bankers annual trek up the Swiss Alps to the World Economic Forum in Davos , the mood is anything but celebratory . Beneath the veneer of optimism over the economic outlook lurks acute anxiety about an increasingly toxic political climate and a deep sense of uncertainty surrounding the U. S. presidency of Donald Trump , who will be inaugurated on the final day of the World Economic Forum in Davos . "   The Sydney Morning Herald ’s Clancy Yeates has a piece detailing how this year ’s World Economic Forum at Davos —   at which Chinese president Xi Jinping will speak , but German Chancellor Angela Merkel will not —   there is a focus on the " backlash " voters worldwide have delivered against globalization . " Chief executive pay has become a powerful symbol of the widening gap between the winners and losers created by globalisation , and boards must put more focus on justifying the bonuses they boards executives amid a backlash against    policies , " Yeates writes . " That is the view of the chairman of the Australian Institute of Company Directors , Elizabeth Proust , one of the Australian business leaders attending the powerful summit in Switzerland this week . The annual meeting of the global economic and political elite , in a town in the Swiss Alps , takes place against a backdrop of growing inequality in many countries , seen as a key driver for    political shocks including Brexit and Donald Trump ’s win . " The globalists at Davos still do n’t seem to fully understand what is happening , as the World Economic Forum ’s website published a column from Robert Muggah of the Igarape Institute with a headline stating boldly : " Populism is poison . " He and    Misha Glenny , a writer and broadcaster , advocate for " plural cities " to defeat populism . Populism is poison . Plural cities are the antidote , says Robert Muggah https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    World Economic Forum ( @wef ) January 15 , 2017 ,   " If cities are to defeat populism , they cities to know what it is , " Muggah and Glenny write . " According to Princeton ’s    Muller , at the core of populism is a profound rejection of pluralism . It is animated by two basic ideas   —    an opposition to diversity and a rejection of the    establishment . Populists contend that outsiders threaten the national way of life and that ‘ the people’ need to exclude outsiders . The antithesis of the people is , oddly , migrants . " Populists Populists n’t likely to slow their Populists streak any time soon . Globalization is on the decline everywhere in the world , from Guatemala —   which elected a television comedian , Jimmy Morales , as its president back in late 2015 —   to Italy , whose recent referendum led to the resignation of prime minister Matteo Renzi . Obviously , America just elected Donald Trump and the British voted to leave the European Union . French and German presidential elections in 2017 threaten to see the potential rise of    Marine Le Pen and the possible demise of    Angela Merkel all in one fell swoop .   It ’s unclear if Merkel will go down , or if Le   Marine Le Pen win in France . But that we ’re even at this point where it ’s possible is remarkable in and of itself . it Pen   Marine Le Pen past few days in New York City , making a surprise appearance at Trump Tower hoping for a meeting which she did n’t   Marine Le Pen with the   . Merkel , meanwhile Merkel is clearly scared enough of a potential electoral loss in 2017 that she ’s skipping   Marine Le Pen regular appearance   Marine Le Pen Davos at the World Economic Forum so as to avoid providing populist opponents of her globalism with   Marine Le Pen ammunition heading into this year . It comes on the heels of her pledge to   Marine Le Pen burkhas in her speech announcing   Marine Le Pen intends to   Marine Le Pen for    a complete reversal from a leading open borders advocate who ’s perhaps singlehandedly overseen the importation of millions of Muslims into mainland Europe including Germany . The New York Times’ Michael J. de la Merced and Russell Goldman detail how the World Economic Forum has , for decades , been the exclusive annual    for the world ’s political , financial and cultural elites —   a place where they gather together The New York Times’ Michael J. de la Merced and Russell Goldman detail how the World Economic Forum has and celebrate themselves . " The New York Times’ Michael J. de la Merced and Russell Goldman detail how the World Economic Forum has annual meeting runs on a tiered system of colored badges denoting just how important one is , or is not , " Merced and Goldman Michael J. de la Merced White Russell Goldman are for attendees able to attend any official event and make full use of the forum ’s facilities . Orange badges are reserved for the 500 journalists who cover the forum , but are not allowed at some parties . Other badges , like purple ones , denote technical or support staff and limit their holders to a few Other badges, like purple ones . If that system were not complicated enough , local hotels like the Belvedere and the InterContinental often sell their own badges to the local hotels like the Belvedere and the InterContinental and consultants who descend upon Davos   —    but not the forum itself   —    to strike deals and chat up clients . These souls camp out at the hotels , renting rooms for business meetings by day and soiree hopping at night . " While most of the official events are things like lectures , speeches , panels and discussions , the Times writers highlight some of the " more esoteric attractions " like " a simulation of a refugee ’s experience , where Davos attendees crawl on their hands and knees and the Times writers to flee from advancing armies . " There are also lots of parties and schmoozing behind the scenes , where the elites bond together . " There are several official cocktail receptions , but the action really lies in a galaxy of events hosted by corporations . Some are small , intimate dinners that feature the likes of Leonardo DiCaprio and Bono , " Merced and Goldman write . " Others are dazzling affairs : JPMorgan Chase , for example , has previously taken over the Kirchner Museum Davos for drinks with its chief executive , Jamie JPMorgan Chase , and Tony Blair , the former British prime minister . Google ’s annual party at the InterContinental Hotel has become the hottest ticket in town . The investor Anthony Scaramucci , now an adviser to Donald J. Trump , for years has hosted a reception at the famed Hotel Europe featuring a sometimes    list of    Champagne and Bordeaux red wine . A more recent     is hosted by Salesforce . com , a business software maker , whose chief , Marc Benioff Mr. Benioff forum ’s most ardent boosters . Last year ’s Salesforce party included Mr. Benioff Salesforce in scores of fresh flower leis and a band from Hawaii , as Eric Schmidt of Google and other tech notables danced in a corner . Several years ago , Sean Parker of Napster and Facebook fame , hosted an     gathering that featured stuffed animal heads shooting laser beams out of their eyes . And the Russian billionaire Oleg Deripaska has thrown opulent gatherings at a nearby villa where the Champagne flowed freely For a nightcap , the Davos crowd traditionally retires to the Tonic Bar at Hotel Europe , sipping cocktails while the forum fixture Barry Colson leads the crowd in Billy Joel singalongs . " At last year ’s Davos , the elites were certain the people of Davos world would never vote for things like Brexit or Trump or the Italian referendum . In other words , all was well . " Last year , the consensus here was that Trump last year chance of being elected . His victory Trump less than half a year after Britain Trump had no chance of being elected to leave the the European Union was a slap at the principles that elites in Davos Davos long held dear , from globalization and free trade to multilateralism , " Reuters’ Noah Barkin wrote in Reuters . This year , though , this year a much gloomier affair this year Davos Davos These world elites have found out , thanks to voters worldwide , they elites in Davos the center of the universe . Financial elites are losing control elites in Davos the world markets while political elites are losing control of international governments and cultural elites are seeing their star power fade . " Trump is the poster child for a new strain political elites are losing control of international governments and cultural elites populism that is Trump across the developed world and threatening the    liberal democratic order , " Reuters’ Noah Barkin adds . " With elections looming in the Netherlands , France , Germany , and France Italy , Germany year , the nervousness among this year is palpable . " And now , the gloomy affair in the the Swiss Alps getting even more depressing . According to Bloomberg ’s Matthew Campbell and Simon Kennedy , those at Davos are even Davos to wonder if they ’re " part of the problem . " " Did the global elite ’s devotion to borderless those at Davos sow the seeds of a populist backlash ? " reads the subhead of a recent Bloomberg piece from Campbell and Kennedy . The piece quotes Harvard professor and former chief economist for the Bloomberg Monetary Fund Campbell and Kennedy Kenneth a recent Bloomberg piece from Campbell and Kennedy admitting that Davos is never Davos . " A joke I ’ve told 1 , 000 people in the months since leaving Davos is that Davos conventional wisdom of Davos is always Davos , " Rogoff said . " No matter how improbable , the event most likely to happen is the opposite of whatever the Kenneth Rogoff consensus is Davos " The elites at Davos are worried Davos the working class folks worldwide have stormed their castles and disrupted their lovely lives , the Bloomberg writers say , and they do n’t find it very funny The elites at Davos " The repeated The elites at Davos of Bloomberg and political elites to predict what ’s the Bloomberg writers —   last year , that included the U. K. ’s vote to leave the European Union — last year those returning this month to the Swiss Alps the Swiss Alps , " Campbell and Kennedy wrote . " After a year in which political upsets roiled financial markets and killed off the careers of      politicians , Simon Kennedy concern for delegates attending this year ’s meeting is n’t that their forecasts are often wrong , this year their worldview is . " Populists should n’t take this as proof the war is over : The globalists delegates attending this year’s meeting always try to fight back . There delegates attending this year’s meeting even rumblings that Party of Davos regular former House Majority Davos Eric Cantor , a disgraced    leader who lost his own primary election back in 2014 to now Rep. Dave Brat ( ) may try for a political comeback down the road . But if past is prologue , it ’s unlikely these world elites will regain power and authority over the people who took their power away in the first place . 
 elites in Davos elites in Davos 