President Donald Trump ’s former national security advisor , Ret . Gen. Mike Flynn , has reportedly offered Gen. Mike Flynn testimony in the investigation into Russian ties to President Donald Trump in exchange for immunity , a report says . [ Flynn Gen. Mike Flynn reportedly asked for immunity should his his testimony to any finding of wrong doing , according to a Thursday report by the Wall Street Journal .   The Journal the Wall Street Journal the Wall Street Journal , a retired army general , and Trump campaign adviser , made his offer to the FBI and the House and Senate intelligence committees through his lawyer . his have not yet accepted the deal , the paper says Flynn, a retired army general, and Trump campaign adviser, made his offer to the FBI and the House and Senate intelligence committees through his lawyer of what Flynn might be willing to say to investigators have not been made public . Flynn was appointed as Flynn    Trump ’s national security advisor in November of last year but resigned by February after revelations emerged that he had opened communications Trump Russian officials , communications about which he neglected to fully Trump the vice president . In his resignation letter , Trump apologized for neglecting Flynn fully inform VP Pence about the discussions he had with the Flynn ambassador saying the Russian was due to the " fast pace of events . " At the time of the resignation , Trump Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the administration let Flynn go not due Flynn any legal issues but due to " a trust issue . " Spicer said that the Trump Press Secretary Sean Spicer level of trust between the President and General Flynn had eroded Flynn point where he felt he had to Trump Press Secretary Sean Spicer a Trump Press Secretary Sean Spicer . " Flynn is facing pressure from Flynn inquiries into his dealings with Russian officials Trump Press Secretary Sean Spicer include thousands he was paid by a Trump Press Secretary Sean Spicer of Russian companies for speeches made Russian he joined Trump ’s 2016 Trump Press Secretary Sean Spicer campaign , as well as his communications with the Russian Trump Press Secretary Sean Spicer . Flynn ’s Russian to testify comes as Democrats continue to press for investigations into ties Trump may have had with Trump . To date there has been no direct ties proven between Trump or his campaign for Trump and Trump . Follow Warner Todd Russia on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 