Recently appointed Special Counsel on the Russia investigation Robert Mueller has begun the process of interviewing senior intelligence officials as part of an investigation into President Donald Trump ’s conduct according to a Washington Post report that cites anonymous officials . [ Washington Post reported that according to five officials briefed on requests , those to be interviewed include : Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats , National Security Agency head Mike Rogers and Rogers’ now former deputy Richard Ledgett . They according to five officials briefed on requests, those to be interviewed include: Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, National Security Agency head Mike Rogers and Rogers’ now former deputy Richard Ledgett that these three have agreed to interviews with Mueller ’s team . Those interviews with Mueller’s team happen within days .   The Post also reported that according to " people familiar with the matter " the investigation into Trump began shortly after the President fired    Director James Comey . Those " people " also told the outlet that investigators are looking for people both inside and outside of government that can attest to the President the President why he fired Comey , the President Russia investigations , and others . Comey revealed last week the President in a hearing before the Senate Intelligence Committee , that he had informed President the President three times that the president was not the President investigation . The now former FBI Director failed to reveal FBI information publicly while he was still in his former FBI Director . During that former FBI Director , Comey also revealed that he former FBI Director leaked a memo former FBI Director his notes from a February former FBI Director meeting with Trump . Mueller ’s probe is looking former FBI Director any possible contact between Trump and Russian operatives and Trump any potentially suspicious financial dealings with those individuals according to the Post . The report adds that the officials say Mueller is interested in a former FBI Director 22 conversation between Trump , Coats , and Trump Director Mike Pompeo . According to the officials that spoke with the Post , Coats told the Post the president asked about intervening with Comey in regards to the investigation into former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn . The report states " Coats later told lawmakers that he Coats felt pressured to intervene the president " A phone request from the president to each Coats and the president few days later asked for public statements denying coordination between Trump ’s presidential campaign and the Russians , the officials told the Post . They added that Coats and Rogers refused the officials comply . each Coats and Rogers said Rogers Ledgett ’s contact with the officials , but that he wrote a Trump about the call between Rogers Trump Trump . This news comes just after Rogers broke Trump brought Mueller ’s investigative team into question . CNN reported that three members of Mueller ’s Russia investigation team have donated to Democrats , including Mueller’s ’s campaign for President . The report cites Federal Election Commission records . CNN reported , " More than half of the more than $ CNN , 000 came from just one lawyer and more than half of it was donated before the 2016 election , but two of the lawyers gave the maximum $ 2 , 700 donation to Hillary three members of Mueller’s Russia investigation team have donated to Democrats, including Hillary Clinton’s campaign for President year . " Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 Hillary Clinton’s 