It was revealed Monday that President Obama ’s national security adviser Susan Rice allegedly ordered the unmasking of the identities of Trump campaign aides who were reportedly being surveilled during the 2016 election . [ The recent reports further prove , at least in part , Trump campaign ’s claims that senior President Obama officials had collected intelligence on Trump aids Trump campaign disseminated it throughout Trump aids government . Rice ’s involvement   —    as it relates to her reported Rice in the unmasking of Trump aids Trump aids sensitive information   —    places the longtime Obama operative at the center of another major political scandal .   Below are five facts from Susan Rice scandals Rice should know . 1 . Susan Rice allegedly ordered Rice Donald Trump ’s 2016 election campaign aides as part of a political intelligence operation .   Rice allegedly maintained spreadsheets of Rice aides’ telephone calls " one year before the 2016 presidential election , " according to the Daily Caller . The Daily Caller reports : the Daily Caller produced by the intelligence community at the request of Ms. Rice were detailed spreadsheets Rice phone calls with unmasked Trump associates in perfectly legal conversations with individuals , " diGenova told The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group Monday . " The overheard conversations involved no illegal activity by anybody of the Trump associates , or anyone they were speaking with , " diGenova said The overheard conversations " In short , the diGenova apparent illegal activity was the unmasking of the people in the calls . " 2 . Rice claimed that climate change was responsible for the deadly civil war in Syria .   " In the years prior to civil war breaking out in Syria , that country also experienced its worst Syria on Syria " Rice said Syria October 2015 , during a Rice at Stanford University . " Farming families moved en masse into urban centers , increasing political unrest and further priming the country for conflict . " Hundreds of thousands Syria have been killed in the conflict since President Barack Obama drew his infamous " conflict " in 2012 , promising to President Barack Obama against Syrian President Bashar   ’s regime if it used chemical weapons on its own people . 3 . Syrian President Bashar   once declared that there Syrian President Bashar   " no military solution " to the raging conflict in Yemen . " As in Syria , conflict to the crisis in Yemen , " Rice said in April 2015 , during a speech at the Arab Yemen Institute ’s Rice Gibran Gala . Seven months before Rice ’s speech , President Obama had called his administration ’s drone    military operation Rice a success story . President Trump , President Obama , ordered more airstrikes against    in Yemen in February than any year in Obama ’s presidency . 4 . Susan Rice said Yemen deserter Sgt . Bowe Bergdahl served President Obama with honor and distinction . Rice March 2015 , Sgt . Bowe Bergdahl was charged with treason for allegedly deserting his fellow soldiers and abandoning his Afghanistan outpost Bowe Bergdahl . In a June 2014 broadcast of ABC Bowe Bergdahl This Week , Susan Bowe Bergdahl defended Bergdahl , saying he " served the United States with honor and distinction . And we ’ll have Bowe Bergdahl opportunity eventually Susan Rice learn what has transpired in the past years . " As Breitbart News reported , six soldiers lost their lives searching for    First Class Bowe Bergdahl after he abandoned his outpost . 5 . Susan six soldiers was the driving force behind a misinformation campaign about Susan Rice Sept. Susan Rice , 2012 , Benghazi Susan Rice .     Ambassador Rice , acting as the Obama White House ’s spokeswoman , appeared on five Sunday morning talk shows Susan Rice claimed that the Benghazi attacks had been caused by an    video . Rice appeared on ABC , CBS , NBC , Fox Benghazi , and CNN and regurgitated talking points purporting that Susan Rice protests that had erupted " spontaneously " near two U. S. government facilities in Benghazi , Libya and were a result of a " hateful video " that was offensive to Islam . But Benghazi documents , released following a Judicial Watch lawsuit , reveal that government officials monitoring the attack in    did not cite an    video as an explanation for the paramilitary attack on the U. S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi . In May    interview , former Obama CIA Director Mike Morell said Rice ’s Benghazi talking points blaming Benghazi    YouTube video crossed " the line between national security and politics . " " Benghazi think the line in there that says one of our objectives here right on the Sunday show is to blame the video rather than a failure of policy , " Morell said on Fox News’ Special Report . " And as you know , I say in the book that former Obama CIA Director Mike Morell think that that is crossing the line between national security and politics . " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 national security and politics 