Scandal star Tony Goldwyn hailed what Scandal star Tony Goldwyn called Planned Parenthood ’s " lifesaving work " for women ’s health care in an interview this week , adding that those those who oppose abortion are actually " sabotaging " those those who oppose abortion " own moral stance . " [ Goldwyn , who plays the role of POTUS on the hit ABC show , wore a Planned Parenthood pin to the PaleyFest television festival in Hollywood this week . The actor says    activists are wrong to think putting an end to abortion will save lives .   " There ’s been a lot of disinformation about Planned Parenthood and the focus of the lifesaving work that they do for women ’s health care , " the The actor Glamour magazine in an interview , adding : " I saw a    image of all those white men sitting around in a room at the White House talking about what should be done about women ’s health care , and I thought I would step up [ by wearing this and speaking out ] . If Planned Parenthood is defunded , millions of women , particularly women struggling economically , are going to be in serious trouble . And the truth is , there will be far more abortions performed —   and unsafe ones as a result . The people that are antiabortion actually are sabotaging their own The people that are antiabortion actually stance by taking this position . " Glamour writer Jessica Radloff praised Goldwyn for his support Glamour writer Jessica Radloff the abortion giant , and also cited Planned Parenthood ’s already debunked " 3 percent " statistic : " As we ’ve pointed out numerous times , abortion constitutes just 3 percent of Planned Parenthood Planned Parenthood’s and except in cases of rape , incest , or severe threat to a mother ’s life , no federal money is used to fund abortion services . But cutting federal funding for PP would put access to breast exams , Pap tests , colposcopy procedures , HPV vaccines , reversible contraception procedures , pregnancy tests , STI tests , and HIV tests at risk . " Live Action ’s    video demonstrates how the abortion chain calculates its deceptive " 3 the abortion chain statistic " by dividing the number of abortions it performs by the the abortion chain number of services it provides , counting the abortion chain $ 10 pregnancy test or a package of condoms as equivalent to a $ 500 abortion .   " To justify its half billion dollars in taxpayer funding , Planned Parenthood downplays abortion   —    falsely claiming that it only makes up abortion   percent of its business   — its and instead plays up its cancer screenings and its ‘ women ’s health care,’ " explains Lila Rose , president of Live Action . Rose adds : According to its own annual reports Rose Planned Parenthood does less Planned Parenthood percent of all Pap tests in the United States , less than two percent of all clinical breast exams , zero mammograms , and virtually no prenatal care , yet it does 34 . 9 Planned Parenthood of all U. S. abortions , killing over 320 , 000 preborn children every year . Former Planned Parenthood managers have provided Planned Parenthood how the abortion giant uses quotas to push    abortions , does n’t provide the health care it claims it does , and the abortion giant treats the abortion giant like cattle . " In fact , when President Donald Trump offered Planned Parenthood the opportunity to keep Planned Parenthood funding if it would stop Planned Parenthood abortions , the Planned Parenthood ’s officials rejected the offer . Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards even tweeted Planned Parenthood abortion services were " as vital to Planned Parenthood mission as birth control or cancer screenings . " Planned Parenthood is proud to provide abortion — Planned Parenthood necessary service that ’s as vital to our mission as birth control or cancer screenings . our mission as birth control or cancer screenings Richards ( @CecileRichards ) March 6 , 2017 ,     activists are urging Congress and Trump to eliminate Planned Parenthood ’s taxpayer funding and redirect it to other community health care centers that provide more comprehensive healthcare services than Planned Parenthood Planned Parenthood’s These community facilities outnumber the abortion business ’s clinics by at least 20 to 1 . other community health care centers that provide more comprehensive healthcare services than Planned Parenthood 