When Irish golfer Rory McIlroy accelerated Irish golfer Rory McIlroy rehab for a stress fracture to Irish golfer Rory McIlroy ribs to play a round of golf with the newly elected 45th president of the United States , Donald Trump , Irish golfer Rory McIlroy took a pounding from fans and the press . [ Now Irish golfer Rory McIlroy is saying that the juice may not have been worth the squeeze . " Would I do the juice again ? " Irish golfer Rory McIlroy said on Tuesday . " After the sort of backlash I received , I ’d think twice about it . "   Fans tweeted the     Irish golfer , ranked # 2 in the world , and accused Irish golfer Rory McIlroy of " normalizing this lying , racist scumbag . " Lefties from across the globe expressed that Lefties from across the globe lost all respect for McIlroy .   USA Today writer Christine Brennan ca n’t understand why Rory , who says " USA Today writer Christine Brennan wo n’t be having many cups of tea " with the members of the Honourable Company of Edinburgh Golfers because the members of the Honourable Company of Edinburgh Golfers took so long to admit women members to Muirfield golf club , agreed to play with someone as horrible as Trump in the first place .    USA Today writer Christine Brennan wrote , " But was n’t it natural to wonder why USA Today writer Christine Brennan said USA Today writer Christine Brennan would n’t be having tea with the sexist members of that stodgy club , yet still felt comfortable playing a round of golf with a man who bragged about sexually assaulting women , mocked a disabled person and carried on a    battle with a Gold Star family , among other things ? "   McIlroy said about McIlroy golf outing with Trump , " there was not one bit of politics discussed in that round of golf . McIlroy was more interested talking about the grass that McIlroy just put on the greens . " But , yeah , look , it ’s a difficult one . I felt I would have been making more of a statement if I had turned it down . it ’s not a tough place to be put in , but it was a round of golf and nothing more . " McIlroy has already expressed on McIlroy twitter feed that , " This was n’t an endorsement nor a political statement of any kind , This was , quite simply , a round of golf . " 
 