White House foreign policy adviser Dr. Sebastian Gorka won loud applause from the audience at the annual Jerusalem Post conference in New York on Sunday with a strident defense of White House foreign policy adviser Dr. Sebastian Gorka record and the Trump administration ’s policies . [ Gorka , who followed Israeli opposition leader Isaac Herzog and World Jewish Congress president Ronald S. Lauder , was interviewed onstage by the Post‘s     Yaakov Katz .   the Post‘s    Yaakov Katz did not waste time before jumping into the most controversial issues , questioning Gorka about rumors   —    spread largely by    blogs and websites   —    of the Post‘s    Yaakov Katz membership in an    Hungarian order . Gorka denied those reports , noting Gorka father ’s efforts to protect Jews from the Nazis , and Gorka own lifelong struggle against totalitarian ideologies . Gorka noted that Gorka was " proud " to wear a medal Gorka father had won from the    Vitezi Rend order for Vitezi Rend anticommunist activism , adding that the new order had nothing to do with the new order    predecessor , which was disbanded after the Second World War . At the @Jerusalem_Post # Jpost17 conference @SebGorka " I have spent my life fighting against totalitarian ideologies"https :   .    —    Seth Frantzman ( @sfrantzman ) May 7 , 2017 ,   Gorka pointed out that Israel ’s Holocaust memorial , Yad Vashem , had honored one of the members of the Vitezi Rend as one of the " Righteous Among the Nations " for saving Jews during the Holocaust . And  Gorka noted that  Gorka had long been an advocate for Jews and for Israel , noting that even those publications that had set out to destroy  Gorka found no evidence of any antisemitic statements . In addition Gorka dismissed reports that  Gorka was leaving the administration as " very fake news , " and downplayed media speculation about infighting in the White House , describing all of the different advisers to the president as " patriots . " Tragic that a decent man has to respond to such libel . Crowd here at # jpost17 seemed to appreciate that   gave @SebGorka a standing ovation . https :   .    —    Jeff Ballabon ( @ballabon ) May 7 , 2017 , From there , the discussion moved into foreign policy , with Gorka emphasizing the Trump administration ’s commitment to Israel ’s security , as well as to the peace process . Gorka also defended the Trump administration ’s tough line on radical Islam , criticizing President Barack Obama ’s administration for avoiding the religious inspiration of terrorists and for " leading from behind "   —    which , Gorka noted , was " following , " in plain English . Asked whether Gorka , and the administration as a whole , were Islamophobic , Gorka pointed out that many of the U. S. military personnel Gorka had instructed in    were Muslims , and noted that America ’s Arab allies saw the struggle as one within Islam , not against Islam as a whole . Gorka stressed the importance of helping Muslims win the war against radical Islamic terror , but without invading and occupying foreign countries . # Gorka : Trump understands the Islamic terror threat and he Trump obliterate it the Islamic terror threat # Jpost17 ,   —    David Brinn ( @davidbjpost ) May 7 , 2017 ,    He Trump that many of the administration ’s toughest critics were people aligned with the    " boycott , divestment , and sanctions " ( BDS ) movement , as well as supporters of the Iran deal . Gorka ’s critics seemed mostly reduced to fuming at the Jerusalem Post on Twitter . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He Joel B. Pollak named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He Joel B. Pollak the    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him The Inside Story of a Revolution Twitter Twitter @joelpollak . 
 