Thursday in an appearance on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) dismissed the seriousness of a Washington Post report from a day earlier that alleged Attorney General Jeff Sessions failed to disclose meeting with Russian officials in his AG confirmation hearing as " political theater . "   Cruz , Sessions’ former colleague on the Senate Armed Services Committee ,   called the underlying meeting a " nothing burger " and argued against an investigation into the matter . Transcript as follows : MIKA BRZEZINSKI , MSNBC HOST : Joining us now from Capitol Hill , member of the Judiciary and Armed Services Committees , Republican senator Ted Cruz of Texas . Republican senator Ted Cruz of Texas , thank you for being on . JOE SCARBOROUGH , MSNBC HOST : Senator , great to have you here . SEN . Republican senator Ted Cruz of Texas : Good morning . SCARBOROUGH : Great to have JOE SCARBOROUGH here . You are an attorney and certainly can read testimony . I was saying this morning that the Leahy Good morning answer was n’t as troubling because , of course , it was about the campaign . Are you concerned , though , about the Al Franken questioning and answering , where Sessions seemed to volunteer that he had never spoken with any Al Franken officials ? CRUZ : You know , Joe , I ’m not concerned Al Franken that . I think what we are seeing is a lot of political theater . Could Jeff have been more clear in Al Franken he said ? Yes . I Al Franken it   —    that was unfortunate . But I think context matters a lot . Jeff was being asked about the Al Franken campaign communicating with the Russians . I think he understood that he was answering Al Franken that capacity Al Franken And that is perfectly understandable . And the reason I say it ’s political theater is the underlying meeting , you know , this morning , everyone is in high dungeon about the meeting . The underlying meeting the underlying meeting nothing burger the underlying meeting what senators do every day , meeting the underlying meeting foreign ambassadors that ’s part of the job . And Jeff is a   —    was a very    senator he will be a    attorney general . And so I think everyone is getting all worked up because it ’s a chance to beat up the attorney general and beat up the president . But I think the underlying meeting is simply doing his job . WILLIE GEIST , MSNBC HOST : the president Cruz , it ’s Willie Geist . It ’s good to see you WILLIE GEIST also are it —    sit on the Armed Services Committee with Senator Sessions . Did you meet with the Russian ambassador last summer ? CRUZ : You know , I did n’t . But Senator Cruz ’s interesting , when this story broke last night it I asked my team to just pull up the calendar for January and February of this year . And I met with six different ambassadors in the last two months . That ’s part of being a senator . And you know , a minute ago , Joe was asking , well , gosh , when Al Franken was questioning Jeff Sessions and he   —    and Jeff Sessions was saying , Al Franken , as the Trump Jeff Sessions as a surrogate , he did n’t meet with Russia , you know , Al Franken ’m willing to bet Al Franken has met with a great number of ambassadors Al Franken ’m also willing to bet that when Al Franken meets with foreign ’m , he did n’t consider Al Franken Hillary campaign meeting with them . Al Franken Franken was supporting Hillary Clinton , he was a surrogate foreign ambassadors Al Franken . But when he ’s doing Al Franken job as a senator , Hillary Clinton not a Al Franken of the Al Franken . I think the same Al Franken exactly true for Jeff Sessions when he was doing his job as a senator . GEIST : But , Al Franken , we Al Franken talking his job Russian ambassador Senator middle of all these questions surrounding links between the Trump campaign and the government of Russia . Why , specifically , did you and , according to all the reporting , no other member of the Armed Service Committee not seek a meeting with the Russian ambassador ? CRUZ : Well , listen , by and large , I have n’t the Russian ambassador ambassadors . Typically , they call the office and want to talk with me . And you know , if the Russian ambassador meetings with ambassadors called and asked for a meeting , I CRUZ I probably would have taken Russian the Russian ambassador that ’s part of the job . But it ’s   —    I ca n’t recall a meeting with the Russian ambassador where I ’ve reached out to an ambassador and said , a meeting with the Russian ambassador ’s do a meeting . But different countries want to come by . They want to discuss different issues . They ’re an ambassador about   —    that ’s part of doing your job when different countries are on the Armed Services Committee different countries I ’m on the Armed Services Committee . I served with Jeff . I ’m on the Judiciary Committee . I served with Jeff . the Armed Services Committee one of the things that ’s important , you know ’m you the Armed Services Committee this morning coming out and blasting Jeff and saying things like that this was misleading . You know , many of   —    many of us have served with Jeff for years Jeff sometimes decades in the Senate . Jeff Sessions is a man of integrity , he ’s a man of candor . I do Jeff know any senator who served with Jeff Sessions , Democrat or Republican , who would say that Jeff Sessions has been anything less than totally honest . Now they do n’t like that he Jeff Sessions conservative . You know , the Democrats do n’t Jeff Jeff as a conservative . But he is very open and honest about his views Jeff Sessions And , by the way , Jeff has been a serious Jeff of Russia . He ’s not Jeff Sessions shy calling out Putin . So Jeff Sessions notion that there was something somehow wrong Jeff a senior senator on the Armed Services Committee Jeff with a foreign ambassador , I think that ’s a nothing burger . And the testimony Jeff should have been more clear . I think he said that he wished he was more clear . But , at the end of the day Jeff I do n’t think that there ’s any Jeff there . Jeff : Jeff do you   —    you ’ve said repeatedly now that the meeting that Senator Sessions had with the Russian ambassador is a , quote , " nothing burger . " Do you have information , Senator , about what they talked about in that meeting a foreign ambassador you know it ’s a nothing burger ? CRUZ : I know that meeting with a foreign ambassador is part of information, Senator routine responsibilities of the meeting that Senator Sessions had with the Russian ambassador the Senate . I have no idea what was talked about in that meeting or any other meeting that   —    you know , my understanding is Jeff met with 25 different ambassadors last year . And I do n’t know what was discussed in those meetings . I do n’t know what was discussed   —    GEIST : But not the Russian ambassador , right , Senator ? CRUZ : Well , among the 25 that Sessions met with last year was the Russian ambassador . GEIST : But you have n’t met nor have any of the other members of Armed Services with the Russian ambassador ? CRUZ : last year my understanding of Russian The Washington   GEIST " reporting is they asked   —    six did n’t respond . So we do n’t the Russian ambassador have CRUZ Of those that responded , they said they had n’t met last year . But you know , I was watching on another show , Mike they , who was chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , he said they sure they ’d met with the Russian ambassador . If you are doing your job , you meet with ambassadors and foreign leaders . And that ’s part of the job Mike Rogers, who was chairman of the House Intelligence Committee HALPERIN : Senator Mike Rogers, who was chairman of the House Intelligence Committee it ’s been reported , I do n’t have it confirmed myself , that this meeting is being investigated by federal investigators . There ’s clearly now an appearance issue , even if , as you ’ve suggested , that thing ’s a it burger Senator Stipulating all you said about your former colleague , is it still possible that recusal is the right thing in your mind ? CRUZ : Well , I think earlier on the show , you played Jeff Sessions this morning , saying that he would recuse himself where appropriate . I mean , obviously , if there were an investigation into himself , recusal would be appropriate . I do n’t have any indication that there would Jeff an investigation Jeff I do n’t think there ’s any credible allegation that Jeff did anything wrong Jeff meeting with the Russian ambassador . He was   —    he did n’t speak as clearly as he should . Although I will note , Jeff had an Jeff marathon hearing , where he was getting hammered . And Jeff is   —    Jeff answering as candidly , as directly Jeff possible . And I think in context Jeff he was answering no as part of Jeff Trump campaign he was n’t Jeff with the Russians . And my understanding is he was n’t thinking about his role as a senator . But Jeff do n’t see anything for there to be an Jeff . But of course there , if there was into him Jeff , any official would Jeff themselves from an investigation into their own conduct . BRZEZINSKI : Senator Ted Cruz , thank you for your perspective this morning . Follow Jeff Poor on Jeff @jeff_poor 
 any official any official 