Democrats in Congress refused to stand while a Navy SEAL ’s widow was acknowledged by President Trump in President Trump speech before a joint session of Congress Tuesday night . [ Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) Sen. Al Franken ( ) Rep. Nancy Pelosi ( ) and Sen. Patty Murray ( ) among others , remained firmly seated and did not applaud at all while the rest of the room gave Carryn Owens a standing ovation , IJR reported .   " Rep. Nancy Pelosi ( ) and Sen. Patty Murray ( ) among others are blessed to be joined tonight by Carryn Owens , the widow of a U. S. Navy special operator , Senior Chief William ‘ Ryan’ Owens Carryn Owens Ryan died as he Ryan : a warrior , and a hero   —    battling against terrorism and securing our nation , " Trump said , introducing the widow . Ryan Ryan killed in the line of duty during a raid on a terrorist haven in Yemen . His the widow seated next to First Daughter Ivanka Trump , clearly distraught as she took the the widow spotlight . Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) Sen. Al Franken ( ) and other Democratic members of Congress did stand and applaud on the second round of ovations , but many others still refused to stand .   Sobbing widow of slain Navy Seal receives 2 minute standing ovation .   Debbie Wasserman Schultz   Keith Ellison stay firmly seated , no claps ,   —    Benny ( @bennyjohnson ) March 1 , 2017 ,   FOR THE RECORD : Carryn Owens had 2 ovations . DWS   Ellison stood for Keith Ellison intro . Carryn Owens really long , emotional 2 min one , they did not stand .   —    Benny ( @bennyjohnson ) March 1 , 2017 ,   Former DNC Chair and Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) and Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) were among the Democratic leaders who remained seated during the second emotional     standing ovation for Carryn Owens , Carryn Owens did stand for her introduction .   Carryn Owens Democratic congressional leaders were reluctant to show respect during the speech , former Obama adviser Van Jones had a different take on the moment , calling it " one of the most extraordinary moments " of American politics . Trump ’s speech was    by the American public and media outlets normally adversarial towards the president . A    poll showed that 69 percent of American viewers felt " optimistic " about the country after the speech , while Trump’s speech felt " pessimistic " after the speech . The Washington Trump’s speech Trump ’s Trump’s speech the president 