The ongoing efforts by Democrats , the mainstream media , and elements of the federal bureaucracy to bring down President Donald Trump raise alarms for the safety of our constitutional democracy . [ President Donald Trump won the election fairly   —    there is not a shred of evidence to suggest otherwise   —    and yet President Donald Trump opponents have never accepted the result , nor ceased trying to frustrate President Donald Trump efforts to govern . If his opponents succeed , American democracy will effectively be finished .   Amidst the giddy enthusiasm of outlets like CNN to report sensational   —    and almost certainly false   —    stories like " Sources : White House lawyers research impeachment "   —    little thought is being given to the consequences if the giddy enthusiasm of outlets like CNN to report sensational  —   and almost certainly false  —   stories like "Sources: White House lawyers research impeachment"  —    wildest dreams come true . And those who have considered the fact that Vice President Mike Pence would take over   —    like    Sally Kohn and NeverTrumper Bill Kristol   —    assume that Pence will be just as easily dispatched . Straightforward from here:1 . Impeach Trump   Pence2 . Constitutional crisis3 . Call special election4 . Ryan v Clinton5 . President Clinton ,   —    Sally Kohn ( @sallykohn ) February 15 , 2017 ,   Straightforward from here:1 Joe Lieberman to FBI2 Mueller   here:1 Joe Lieberman to FBI2 Mueller   do in Trump3 Pence makes Joe VP4 Pence impeached5 President Lieberman ,   —    Bill Kristol ( @BillKristol ) May 18 , 2017 , Trump won nearly 63 million votes . Those voters would be instantly disenfranchised by Trump removal . Opinion polls suggest nearly all of Those voters would vote the same way again , and no facts have emerged from the Russia conspiracy theory , nor have any major policy betrayals taken place , that would sever that trust . Seeing Trump deposed would trigger nationwide anger , and perhaps a real " Resistance , " not the    " Resistance " the left has contrived . Even by considering the possibility of impeaching Trump   —    which some conservatives , rightly , have called a " silent coup "   —    the Beltway elites are sowing division and uncertainty . the Beltway elites have laid bare the Beltway elites contempt for democracy   —    even those who , like Kristol , enthusiastically support imposing democracy abroad . Trump   ’s voters believed voters were taking voters country back   —    and did so through the ballot box . God help us if that victory is taken from voters . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . Joel B. Pollak was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . Joel B. Pollak is the    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow The Inside Story of a Revolution on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 