TEL AVIV   —    Amid the flurry of reports about the Trump administration and Russia   —    largely innuendo that has yielded no documented connections between the two sides   —    it may be instrumental to review the largely unknown history of how President Obama ’s administration adopted defense budget recommendations    by the Institute for Policy Studies , a radical organization known for Russia close associations with the Soviets during the Cold War . [ In fact , throughout the Cold War , the Institute for Policy Studies , or IPS , was repeatedly accused of holding    positions that undermined U. S. national security and serving as a de facto Soviet propaganda institution .   Yet that same group    and contributed to an annual report titled " Unified Security Budget for the United States , " an extensive yearly list of U. S. U. S. spending recommendations compiled by progressive think tanks . The report seeks an annual report titled "Unified Security Budget for the United States," an extensive yearly list of U. S. military defense spending recommendations compiled by progressive think tanks the Defense Department to " strengthen our capacity to prevent and resolve conflict by    means , " according to one IPS description of the report . A an annual report titled "Unified Security Budget for the United States," an extensive yearly list of U. S. military defense spending recommendations compiled by progressive think tanks on the IPS ’s taskforce for the " Unified Security Budget " reveals how previous Unified reports influenced Obama administration defense proposals : The Unified Security Budget project has contributed to this debate by outlining a set of cuts in unneeded military programs that formed the core of a proposal by the Sustainable Defense Task Force for $ 1 trillion in cuts over 10 years . A majority , though not a supermajority , of the members of the President ’s Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform adopted the annualized figure of $ 100 billion , and many of the recommendations from this proposal . The IPS a proposal by the Sustainable Defense Task Force for $1 trillion in cuts over 10 years over Obama administration military proposals remains largely unreported except for previous investigations by this reporter . The annual Unified Security Budget was    several times by the Center for American Progress , which was founded by John Podesta , who served as counselor to President Obama and later chairman of Hillary Clinton ’s 2016 presidential campaign . A sampling of the IPS ’s defense spending recommending can be seen in its 2012 " Unified Security Budget IPS report . That extensive report was previously summarized its 2012 "Unified Security Budget" report : The 2012 budget , reviewed in full by ( this reporter ) called on Obama to use this reporter S. Armed Forces in part to combat " global warming , " fight global poverty , remedy " injustice , " bolster the United Nations and increase " peacekeeping " forces worldwide . The budget called for massive ,    slashes to The 2012 budget, reviewed in full by (this reporter) budget . The savings are to be used to invest in " sustainable energy " and in fighting worldwide climate change . The report makes clear the stated objective of transforming the U. S. Armed Forces to stress conflict resolution and diplomacy . The report takes issue with the use of forces on The report in various countries to secure or influence the    strategic position of other nations . It recommends scaling back all U. S. ground forces by 20 The report and reducing the Navy ’s surface fleet by 20 percent , including two carriers and carrier combat air wings . It also calls for reducing the Air Force by two combat The report wings while cutting standing peacetime overseas deployments in Europe and East Asia by up to 50 , 000 troops at a time . The budget ’s authors strongly argue for the reduction of the U. S. nuclear arsenal to no more than 292 deployed nuclear weapons and the complete elimination of the Trident II nuclear missile . It ’s a process Obama already initiated in April 2010 when he signed a deal with Russia reducing stocks of    plutonium . The report further recommended the U. S. cease all missile defense development , among other cut backs . Here is more of my previous summary : The report goes through a list of current missile defense programs The report    Midcourse Defense , Airborne Laser , Kinetic Energy Interceptors and a number of others , pushing for all programs to be cut . " It is unwise to fund more advanced systems for missile defense while current ones have yet to be proven effective against their targeted threats , " complains the report . The military ’s current ones Research , Development , Test The report Evaluation program is to be cut by $ 10 billion across the board . Next on the chopping block is the complete cancellation of the second    Virginia Class submarine . While the Unified Security Budget describes the new model as " unnecessary to address any of the threats facing the United States today " and " a weapon looking for an enemy , " the    is designed for covert collection of intelligence , transportation of special operations teams and launching of tactical Tomahawk missiles   —    flexible capabilities tailored to rapid responses required by the   ’s conflicts with irregular combatants . Similarly targeted for cancellation are the    Osprey helicopter and the Navy and Marine Corps versions of the    Joint Strike Fighter . A closer look at IPS , which influenced Obama administration policy , is warranted . The organization was founded in 1963 by former government workers Marcus Raskin and Richard Barnet , both of whom were known for their ties to    groups and activism on behalf of communist regimes . both of whom the Networks relates that after the group was founded , " IPS headquarters quickly became a resource center for national reporters and a place for KGB agents from the nearby Soviet embassy to convene and strategize . " Indeed , Ladislav Bittman , a former KGB agent , claimed in his book , The KGB and Soviet Disinformation : An Insider ’s View KGB the IPS worked as a de facto Soviet disinformation operation . Harvey Klehr , professor of politics and history at Emory University , documented the close links between the IPS and Soviet ideology in his 1988 book , Far Left of Center : The American Radical Left Today . During the Cold War , IPS fellows " consistently maintained that the Soviet threat is largely    and a product of the    complex in the United States , " he wrote . Just like their 2009 defense budget recommendations , the IPS his the Cold War pressed for the U. S. to " dangerously " downsize the Cold War Klehr related . He wrote : This view encouraged the IPS to the IPS during the Cold War dangerously steep cuts his American defense efforts and to claim that the IPS during the Cold War represent no danger to American security . At the request of    congressmen , the IPS during the Cold War made a study of the American budget in 1977 . In addition to recommendations for the IPS during the Cold War socialist housing program and health system , and altering capitalist control over the educational system , the IPS suggested a fifty percent cut in defense spending , an end to the American the IPS during the Cold War the Middle East , and withdrawal from NATO . Klehr further documented numerous IPS links to alleged Soviet front groups . IPS signed an agreement in 1982 with the Soviet ’s Institute of the USA and Canada , the IPS during the Cold War by Georgiy Arbatov , for exchanges on peace and disarmament . Since then IPS has sponsored an annual meeting of American experts and Soviet officials . Although portrayed by the the IPS during the Cold War as an " independent "    " think tank , " the Institute of the USA and Canada has been widely identified as an instrument of Soviet foreign policy influence . the USA and Canada the IUSAC Canada nominally under the direction of the Soviet Academy of Sciences . In practice , however , it operates under the direction of the International Department of the Soviet Communist Party Central Committee . According to the the IUSAC of John McMahon , then deputy director of Central Intelligence ( during the House Selected Committee on Intelligence Hearings on Soviet Active Measures in 1982 ) the International Department " directs Western dialogue activities of Soviet organizations such as the    Institute " with a view toward influencing Western perceptions of peace and disarmament . In his book , Shadow World : Resurgent Russia , The Global New Left , and Radical Islam , author Robert Chandler further documents FBI memos describing the IPS as a    nerve center . The FBI produced thousands of documents on IPS ’s activities . Some are available to the public through the Freedom FBI Act . The FBI withheld hundreds of documents . The documents collected by the FBI described IPS as a    " Think Factory FBI FBI " helped train extremists who incite violence the IPS during the Cold War the FBI and whose the United States as a cover for intrigue and political agitation " ( FBI file   ) or " the Rand Corporation of the Left , " and " IPS apparently exercises considerable influence in the New Left FBI and may have as its goal the destruction of the United States Government . " In this context , the mainstream media described the IPS in the 1970s and the New Left Movement as follows : Wall Street Journal   —    " A funnel the IPS during the Cold War , " Forbes   —    " A radical Washington propaganda mill , " National Review   —    " The perfect intellectual front for Soviet activities which would be resisted if they were to originate openly from the KGB . " This reporter previously documented the Cold      activities of the IPS this reporter IPS has been implicated in    activity . The Center for Security Studies was a 1974 IPS the IPS during the Cold War strove to the IPS during the Cold War effectiveness of U. S. intelligence agencies , according to Discover the Networks . The mastheads of two    and    publications , Counterspy and the Covert the Networks Bulletin , were heavy with IPS members . Further , the group ’s former director , Robert Borosage , penned a book shortly out of college attacking the CIA and ran the    CIA watchdog , Center for National Security Studies . The group has been particularly concerned with researching U. S. defense industries and arms sales policies .   Aaron Klein is the CIA ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter the group’s is a New York Times bestselling U. S. hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him Aaron Klein Facebook . With research by Brenda J. Elliott . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 