The new Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) retired Marine General John Kelly , believes The new Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) retired Marine General John Kelly can make good on President Donald Trump ’s promise to build a wall on the U. S.   border in 2 years or less . [ In an interview with Fox News late Wednesday , The new Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) retired Marine General John Kelly said , " The wall will be built where it The wall needed first , and then it The wall be filled in . That ’s the way I look at it The wall   I really hope to have it The wall within the next two years . "   Kelly The new Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) retired Marine General John Kelly attitude toward border enforcement is 180 degrees from previous heads of DHS   —    even under President Bush , whose Undersecretary Asa Hutchinson halted all interior enforcement in Southern California due to political outcry back in 2004 . As a General , Kelly The new Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) retired Marine General John Kelly as accustomed to giving orders as following them orders While it may be an ambitious schedule , unlike his predecessors , Secretary The new Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) retired Marine General John Kelly not have to fight the executive branch in order to secure the border . In the same interview , he sounded his about Congress , saying that the money will come . " I think the funding will come relatively quickly and like I said , we will build it where the funding ’s the funding first as identified by the men and women who work the border the border Kelly emphasized The new Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) retired Marine General John Kelly Speaker Paul Ryan confirmed Kelly ’s The new Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) retired Marine General John Kelly in an interview Thursday with Fox   Friends . " We have already Fox  Friends this , meaning the law was passed almost 10 years ago , " Ryan said . Speaker Paul Ryan And then we will give Fox  Friends financing to Secretary Kelly and the border security plan . So , it ’s really the law to them as to Secretary Kelly and the border security plan fast they can execute Secretary Kelly and the border security plan policy . I think that ’s great . He ’s the Fox   of guy that can get this sort of thing done . He will have Fox   funding to do it and he already has Fox   authorization to do it . " it is referring Fox   the Secure Fence Act of 2006 , which was passed by Congress , signed into law by President Bush , but never adequately funded and never fully executed . According to a Yahoo News story , cost estimates are all over the map :   " Trump has said that his cost estimates Trump building the wall range from $ 4 to $ 10 billion , but other estimates put the price at $ 11 billion for 400 more miles of fencing . The MIT Technology Review estimated that a 1 , 000 mile steel and concrete wall would cost $ 27 to $ 40 billion . " Whatever the cost , a wall is only one part of the solution   —    but according to those charged with securing the border , it is a a wall important and welcome tool in their arsenal . those charged with securing the border though Democrats are likely to throw up road blocks , citing environmental and other concerns —   which have succeeded in the past in delaying construction indefinitely —   Secretary Kelly has the backing of the President and his advisors . Secretary Kelly roadblocks arise , the retired Marine Secretary Kelly steamroll over , tunnel under or just blow up . Until today , the single most important component required to complete the border wall has not been money or materials , but political will . Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman . Author , Patriot Not Politician : Win or Go Homeless , FaceBook : https :   . facebook . . donnelly .   Twitter :   @PatriotNotPol 
 