TEL AVIV   —    The meeting between President Donald Trump and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu marked a " symbolic reset of relations " after eight years of " tension " between the two countries , a top American foreign policy expert said on Friday . [ Senior fellow for Middle Eastern Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations Elliott Abrams said on a conference call organized by the Jewish Institute for National Security of America ( JINSA ) ,   We have come through a period of eight years of tension at various levels , but particularly the top level . It ’s clear that [ former president Barack ] Obama and Netanyahu did n’t get along , did n’t like each other . And that attitude was then communicated to the White House staff . You had a lot of backbiting , criticism of Netanyahu —    all of that is over . We ’ve returned now to the idea that there should be no daylight in public between the two governments . There will be plenty of disagreements , but those will be discussed in closed rooms and the relations at the top are obviously genuinely good . There is no artifice here about getting along . " That ’s a critically important thing , " Abrams noted . " The whole US government takes its The whole US government from the relationship at the the top " Abrams , who also served as deputy national security adviser to President George W. Bush , added , " Other governments also pay attention . I ’ve always believed that most governments , particularly in Europe , base their relationship [ with Israel ] on ours . They do their want to be quite as close to Israel . Israel if we ’re distant , they ’re their distant . If we ’re close , then they get their . " Abrams lauded Trump ’s ambivalence regarding the    solution as being the key to solving the    conflict . The goal should never be a    solution , the goal The goal . And there are many ways of moving in that direction and there are several potential endpoints . And I think that it ’s useful to the Israelis and for us to remind everybody that the goal is peace . We should not us the means become more important than the end , and we should think us that goal , the goal saying there is no other possible arrangement ever than the    solution . Abrams said that Trump ’s request to Netanyahu to " hold back on settlements for a little bit " was not necessarily an instruction to stop building entirely . I think that [ Trump was ] moving Trump to the George W. Bush approach . And what was the Bush approach ? the George W. Bush approach , do n’t change the George W. Bush approach footprint [ and ] do n’t expand the settlements geographically . Population growth , that ’s different . Build up and in . In    areas , if you want to build a new house , a new apartment , that does n’t affect the Palestinians or the chances of peace really . So the Google Earth map , if you put it that way , of the settlements does n’t change . the settlements had a deal with [ late Prime Minister Ariel ] Sharon that was basically no new settlements , no physical   —    territorial   —    expansion of settlements and no financial inducements to move to a settlement . I think this administration is moving back to that view , " he added . 
 