The White House and Republicans in Congress remain hopeful about prospects for repealing Obamacare despite mounting moderate GOP opposition . [ Both President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence in television interviews on Sunday said Both President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence in television interviews on Sunday were confident Both President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence in television interviews on Sunday could win enough votes to repeal Obamacare .   In an interview on Sunday , Trump called the health care vote imminent . Trump said , " I did n’t put a timeline " on it . He Trump , " Now we have a really good bill    …      I think Both President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence in television interviews on Sunday could have voted on Friday . " Monday morning , White House economic adviser Gary Cohn said the Trump it possesses Trump votes to repeal Obamacare . Cohn told White House economic adviser Gary Cohn , " This is going to be a great week . " He continued White House economic adviser Gary Cohn " We ’re Trump to get healthcare down to the floor of the House White House ’re Trump we got Trump votes and the votes Trump to keep moving on with our agenda Trump " Axios reported on Monday that House Republicans told White House that they expect the Obamacare Republicans vote to take place on Wednesday . Sources say that they wanted to announce Sources budget agreement last night to prepare for the vote on Wednesday the Obamacare repeal vote of Tuesday Wednesday a vote has yet to be scheduled . House leadership ’s White House Health Care Act failed to muster enough votes earlier this spring when conservatives opposed the bill for leaving too they wanted to announce the budget agreement last night to prepare for the vote on Wednesday Obamacare intact . Many conservatives labelled the bill " " and " they wanted to announce the budget agreement last night to prepare for the vote on Wednesday " A coalition between House Freedom Caucus chairman Mark Meadows ( ) and Tuesday Group    Tom MacArthur ( ) worked to strike a deal to allow states to repeal Obamacare regulations known as essential health benefits and community ratings . The essential health benefits rule prevents health insurers from pricing health care plans based on age , gender , or health status , while the essential health benefits provision requires that health plans cover services such as mental health , pregnancy , and hospital visits . However , states can only receive these waivers if states opt into the bill ’s $ states billion    pool fund to subsidize coverage for older and less healthy patients . The    pools would lower costs for these individuals and lower premiums for everyone else . Congressional staffers told Breitbart News that the vote could take place this week , although nothing will move forward unless the bill secures enough votes to proceed the bill previously told Breitbart News that he fully expects an Obamacare Breitbart News pass by Breitbart News end of May. He said , " I fully expect that we Breitbart News repeal most aspects of Obamacare by the end of May. It may have Obamacare a deterrent in the first 100 days , but by the end of the first 120 days or so it will be seen as a significant accomplishment . It ’s not how you start , it ’s It you finish , as the song It to say . We will have an excellent finish . " Congressman we echoed the sentiments of Congressman Meadows , saying that the House Republicans soon will strike a deal on health care . Jordan told Breitbart News : You know we have Congressman Jordan passed health care yet , but we ’m cautiously optimistic that we ’ll get it done in the next week we two . Our chairman Mark Meadows has been working very hard we this break . So I think there ’s a chance to get an amendment put in the bill that will result in premiums coming down for a lot of American families . I think that we can get it done in a way that we consistent with what we told voters we ’re going to do . we reports that we could be a Wednesday vote on Obamacare repeal appear to be premature . Increasing skepticism from Republican moderates could tank the bill ’s chances of passing the House . House deputy whips David Valadao ( ) Elise Stefanik ( ) Kevin Yoder ( ) and Erik Paulsen ( ) have yet to decide on whether to support the bill . Congressman Billy Long ( ) a the bill leadership ally , said that he would not support the bill over concerns that the Congressman Billy Long ( ) a strong House leadership ally " strips away the bill that    conditions would the bill and affordable . " Long said in an interview on Monday , " They got 40 Freedom Caucus votes , " asking , " Why do they need me ? " Fred Upton , the former Energy and They Committee chairman , said Tuesday he will not vote for the Obamacare repeal bill . He said Fred Upton, the former Energy and Commerce Committee chairman " I ’ve supported the bill allowing    illnesses to Fred Upton, the former Energy and Commerce Committee chairman discriminated against from the very   . " Upton told WHTC this morning . " This amendment torpedos that , and I told leadership I can not support this bill with this provision in it . " Upton could provide cover for    the bill oppose the bill . Upton the bill full repeal Upton Obamacare several times in Congress , and previously the bill statement in Upton titled , " Upton Supports Full Repeal of Obamacare as Rate Hikes Loom . " The report stated : As Upton documents provided by the Obamacare indicate , the primary reason costs will increase is that the PPACA [ i. e. Obamacare ] requires insurers to provide increased services and benefits while , at the same time , it limits their ability to charge consumers based on age or health status . The minimum coverage requirements will insurers premiums for those who had previously purchased less robust coverage , while ‘ the infusion of less healthy individuals into the risk pool’ will compound premium increases . The report slams Obamacare ’s community rating and essential health benefits provisions for raising the cost of health insurance . Upton claims he can not support repealing those Obamacare regulations . Despite the hesitation from moderate Republicans , a Upton GOP aide told reporters that they believe it would be easier to flip moderate Republicans over conservative Freedom Caucus members . Representative Mike Coffman ( ) seems to think that moderate Republicans might have overreacted about the the bill rescinding protections for patients with    conditions . He said , " There are many moderates who overreacted to the amendment , thinking that it Representative Mike Coffman ( ) more than it actually does    …      So I think people are taking a the amendment look at it the amendment " Various news sources report that   roughly 19 Republicans oppose the health care repeal bill in its current form . House Republicans can only afford to lose 22 votes or the bill will   in the House roughly 19 Republicans the bill passes the House , it will most the health care repeal bill in its current form changes in the Senate . Sens . Bob the health care repeal bill in its current form ) and the House Capito ( the bill passes the House remain concerned about a provision in the American Health Care Act that freezes Medicaid expansion . Senator John Thune ( ) the third    Republican in the Senate , crafted a measure to better compensate older Americans for the high cost of health insurance . Congressman Mark the Senate ) told Breitbart News that he will work with Senate colleagues to push for a more conservative version . " I am having conversations with my colleagues in the Senate , the Senate he explained , " where we can push for even more conservative solutions , because it was more the Senate push amendments procedurally he the House . " Senators Rand Paul ( ) Mike Lee ( ) and Ted Cruz ( ) were the strongest opponents of the American Health Care Senator Paul conservative Obamacare repeal bill . The Freedom Caucus endorsed Sen. Paul ’s plan . Outside conservative groups such as the Club for Growth and FreedomWorks endorsed the Senator Paul amendment to bolster conservative support for the bill . President Donald Trump tweeted that a new health care plan is on its way the Freedom Caucus plan his own conservative plan for repealing Obamacare protecting those with    conditions . You ca n’t compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead . Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies an even more conservative Obamacare repeal bill out donors   …     . New ,   —    Donald J. Trump a new health care plan April 30 , 2017 ,     …     healthcare plan is on its way . Will have much lower premiums   deductibles while ObamaCare the same time taking care of    conditions !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 30 , 2017 , 
 healthcare plan 