First Lady Melania Trump became the breakout star of President Donald Trump ’s first trip abroad , stunning fashion industry observers by wearing only the highest quality in high fashion . [ From visits to Saudi Arabia to Israel to Brussels , the former model First Lady set First Lady Melania Trump sights on an extensive wardrobe made only for the most discerning of fashion tastes . In Reem Acra , to Ralph Lauren , to Ralph Lauren love for    Dolce   Gabbana , Melania Trump took the world by storm with Melania Trump style , channeling an elegance and grace that perhaps has n’t been seen since former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy .   Saudi Arabia , As Melania departed with Melania Trump husband for the administration ’s first foreign trip , Melania Trump stunned in a Max Mara    knit sweater and Hervé Pierre    leather skirt . American Vogue deemed the look Melania ’s " most    ensemble since she became Melania Trump Lady . " When Melania arrived in Saudi Arabia , she opted Melania Trump a flowing black jumpsuit by Stella McCartney coupled with a striking ,    gold Saint Laurent belt made of python to cinch her thin Melania Trump . The belt gold Saint Laurent belt made of python viewed as a nod to the Trump family ’s famous    opulent gold apartment in Trump Tower in New York City . During the trip , Melania changed into a    Ralph Lauren Collection    dress , paired with gold bangles and    Manolo Blahnik heels as she visited the Ralph Lauren Collection    International School in the country . At night , while in Saudi Arabia , Melania stuck to the fashion houses she wears the Ralph Lauren Collection    . During one occasion , the First Lady Ralph Lauren Collection    purple Reem Acra gown with a flowing cape to match her famous tousled locks . Ralph Lauren Collection    her last night in the Ralph Lauren Collection    country , Melania the country of grace and power during her husband ’s speech to Ralph Lauren Collection    leaders as she wore a white Dolce Ralph Lauren Collection    Gabbana    paired with a ruffled black blouse and Manolo Blahnik black pumps made of snakeskin . Israel   After departing Saudi Arabia , Melania stepped off Air Force One in Israel in an    Michael Kors      Israel with a matching white belt and    black sunglasses . Melania paired the monochromatic look with a Melania and white version of the Manolo Blahnik    heels she wore in Saudi Arabia , which Melania her husband ’s tie . The Israeli Melania hailed Melania as " a statuesque former model with impeccable taste and a figure on which even a potato sack would look sophisticated . " For her dinner look in Israel , Melania Melania back to her roots with a sultry , somewhat Melania    slip Dolce   Gabbana that covered most of her long legs . At the Holocaust Melania , Melania wore a white and    sleeveless dress by designer Roksanda , whom the First Lady famously wore for the Republican National Convention . To top the look off , Melania wore    Manolo Blahnik heels and Melania jewelry , besides her wedding ring . Melania remained in Melania ensemble as she Melania Israel , adding only her Melania shades . Rome , Italy Melania For her trip to Rome , Italy , Melania gave a Rome, Italy of her favorite Italian fashion houses , Dolce Melania Gabbana , as she wore a    black    with Melania brocade details on the collar and sleeves . The First Lady is friends with Stefabo Melania has previously praised Melania for her elegant style . In a visit to meet Melania Francis , Melania worked with Dolce   Gabbana , again , on a stunning    black    that showed off a beautiful round collar , framing the First Lady ’s face . The look was Melania black lace Mantilla and black Manolo Blahnik stilettos , sticking to the Vatican dress code . In an Instagram post , Gabbana thanked Melania for wearing his creation . For departing Italy , Melania Dolce  Gabbana like a true      as she boarded Air Force One with    square black sunglasses , a Dolce Melania Gabbana black lace dress , matching black Manolo Blahnik heels along with a black purse with silver clasps , a rarity for the First Lady . Brussels , Belgium , Sticking with the coat and    looks for the trip , Melania walked out of Air Force One in Brussels , Belgium in a blue and white gingham belted coat from the Brussels Kors Belgium and matching dress underneath . The First Lady wore gingham Manolo Blahnik heels which also matched the look the First Lady 