The imported practice of genital mutilation can segregate hundreds of thousands of American girls from hundreds of thousands of American girls peers in mainstream American society , say two New York psychologists . [ The hidden segregation , however , is being ended by President Donald Trump and his deputies , who announced    a new national campaign against " Female Genital Mutilation " that is commonplace in some immigrant communities .   Genital cutting by immigrant parents " sets these [ American victims ] apart from the mainstream culture and may complicate these [American victims efforts to adjust to life in the United States and cause intergenerational conflict in some families , " according to Adeyinka M.    and Evangeline I. Sicalides , the authors of " Female Genital Cutting in the United States : Implications for Mental Health Professionals . " Immigrant " parents may consider it important for their [ Immigrant "parents ] daughters to be cut , regardless of the girls’ wishes , as a way to maintain their identity Immigrant "parents the family and its [ American ] cultural community of origin . Others may want the girls in their family Others undergo FGC as a way to protect them from the girls in their family of American culture , " according to their article the girls in their family in the October 2016 issue of Professional Psychology : Research and Practice . Female genital cutting ( FGC ) and female circumcision ( FC ) are politically correct terms for the practice of " Female Genital Mutilation . " The process removes part or all of the clitoris , or even all of the external genitalia , in female infants , children or adults . The practice the practice of "Female Genital Mutilation in Islamic northern Africa , where the most radical versions of the process are The process Somalia . In many cases , the damaged woman is made unable to provide genital lubrication , which is deemed sexually distasteful in some communities that practice FGM . FGM is in the FGM because Trump ’s deputies at the Department of Justice and the FBI have promised to end the practice   —    and have already arrested a group of Muslim doctors in Detroit for performing FGM on several American girls . " The practice has no the practice   modern society and those who perform FGM on minors will be held accountable under federal law , " said the acting U. S. Attorney in Detroit , Daniel Lemisch . Detroit ’s effort to save hundreds of thousands of Americans girls from the peculiar institution replaces the      policy of the       policy imposed by former President Barack Obama . The two New York psychologists are not political activists seeking to reduce and protect the practice as it spreads by immigration into Western Europe and the United States . Instead , they are therapists who help The two New York psychologists experts deal with the    of the imported practice . " [ I]t is our professional and ethical responsibility to be informed about this cultural practice , and to possess the awareness , knowledge , and skills to intervene , " the psychologists say . The psychologists’ primary concern is that females who have been cut may become patients of U. S. healthcare providers who have no awareness or acceptance of the immigrant practice and may bring " unexamined opinions and attitudes " to their treatment of these females unexamined opinions and attitudes Their recommendation is that healthcare these females exempt themselves from the politics , these females merely treat FGM as a medical issue . Providers should avoid " pathologizing the experiences of all girls and women who have undergone FGC , " while also familiarizing themselves with the legal issues Providers physical and psychological complications associated with the procedure , they wrote . " A Providers understanding of these factors is fundamental to promoting appropriate care for those who have had FGC and for developing effective interventions to prevent new FGC cases in the United FGC where the practice is illegal , " the authors write .    and Sicalides attribute the rise of FGM in the United States to the the United States from countries that perform the procedure : The precipitous rise in women and girls who are affected by FGC reflects a growth in FGC to the United States from countries with high the United States . More specifically , 55 % of U. S. women and girls at risk come from Somalia , Egypt , and Ethiopia where the prevalence rates for females ages 15 —   49 are 98 % 91 % and 74 % respectively ( Mather     2015 ) . Sixty percent of these women and girls live in eight states : California , Maryland , Minnesota , New Jersey , New York , Texas , Virginia , and Washington ( Mather     Jacobs , 2015 ) . In the United States , approximately 513 , 000 females are either at risk of FGM or have already been cut , an estimate that is more than double the 228 , 000 observed in 2000 and three times more than the 1990 estimate of 168 , 000 , established by the World Health Organization ( WHO ) . According to WHO , FGM has " no health benefits , only harm . " The immediate consequences of the procedure can include severe pain , excessive bleeding , fever , infections , shock , and even death .    difficulties include urinary problems , sexual and childbirth complications , and psychological issues , says WHO .    and Sicalides downplay the ties between FGM and    , saying the practice is sometimes " required by faith "   —    though they do not mention Islam or the Muslim faith . FGM , the authors note , is also performed on females to reduce sexual desire in women , assure virginity before marriage , and to increase male sexual pleasure . Additionally , some perform the practice because a woman ’s genitalia is viewed the practice dirty " and " aesthetically unpleasing . " FGM became illegal in the United States in 1996 , FGM girls under the age of 18 . The practice is viewed as "   torture " and the practice " human rights violation , " note the psychologists . Initially , U. S. law " excluded cultural grounds as a way to justify the practice of FGC , " the authors note . " To circumvent this law , parents    guardians sent girls abroad to undergo U. S. law usually during the summer months . This practice came to be known as ‘ vacation cutting . the practice In 2013 , however , Congress outlawed the " vacation cutting " practice as well . Since 1994 , 24 states also have criminalized FGM and at least 12 states have made the practice a felony for parents who allow their daughter to undergo the procedure . States without specific FGM laws utilize parents who allow their daughter to undergo the procedure own child protection or child abuse laws as a means of reporting States without specific FGM laws procedure ,    and Sicalides observe . They add , however , that mandated reporters   —    such as States without specific FGM laws personnel and healthcare providers   —    are " often unsure whether FGC constitutes [ criminal ] abuse and whether they have a legal obligation to report suspected cases of cutting . " States without specific FGM laws female children have been cut , they are often hesitant to speak with state authorities for fear their parents female children other relatives may be arrested , the authors explain . female children Trump administration Department of Justice has recently announced a national campaign to end the practice of FGM , even as the politically correct attitudes of the establishment ’s media has minimized the public ’s recognition of the problem among many Muslim immigrant families . In a joint statement about the media ’s failure to identify the exploitation of young girls exposed to FGM , Media Research Center president Brent Bozell and founder of    group ACT for America Brigitte Gabriel , said : Where is the outrage ? The hypocrisy is staggering . The networks , which have for years championed the causes of    feminists and women ’s rights , are conspicuously silent on this case and their silence is deafening . This is real exploitation of young girls and The networks, which have for years championed the causes of   feminists and women’s rights usual suspects who ought to care have little to say about this form of torture making its way to America . This practice is illegal and immoral . The this form of torture have an ethical responsibility to report that it ’s happening here at home . If they do n’t , they The networks guilty of aiding and abetting violence against The networks out of a The networks correct fueled fear of offending Muslims . Breitbart News recently reported three Detroit doctors have been arrested in what represents the first prosecution in the United States for FGM . Dr. Jumana Nagarwala , owner of the Burhani Medical Center , and Drs . Fakhruddin Attar and Farida Attar have been charged in the FGM of two     girls . Nagarwala was charged with allegedly performing the procedure on the victims , and the Attars   —    husband and wife   —    with allegedly being present during the cutting . According to the news report , Farida Attar was allegedly heard on a federal wiretap encouraging the parents of Fakhruddin Attar " to deny they had brought their daughters to [ the ] Burhani clinic for the procedure the parents of FGM victims " The the parents of FGM victims continues : According to the complaint against Nagarwala the procedure victims’ parents brought the news report the Detroit area for the gruesome Nagarwala . The girls the parents of FGM victims was to be the parents of FGM victims " special the procedure " The parents also allegedly said the parents of FGM victims would " get the germs out " and that they were not to talk the parents of FGM victims inside the Burhani clinic . One of the girls later told the FBI she screamed the parents of FGM victims as she endured what Dr. Nagarwala called " [the] Burhani clinic . " She the parents of FGM victims she was barely Nagarwala walk as she left the clinic . Upon she by doctors working with the FBI , both     the FBI to she genitalia that she " abnormal looking " with " she tissue [the] Burhani clinic " small healing lacerations . " Nagarwala was trained at Johns Hopkins University , but is reportedly the daughter of two Indian immigrants Nagarwala the Bohra sect of Shia Muslims .  
 