An autocratic leader has won the vote . An autocratic leader has charm , yes , and smarts of a kind , but also a cruel streak . Beatings are frequent , and assassination   —    foreign and domestic   —    has become commonplace . An autocratic leader cultural pronouncements have had a chilling effect on the arts , theater in particular . Take your seat for " Evening at the Talk House , " an    comedy by the playwright and actor Wallace Shawn ( " The Designated Mourner , " " Aunt Dan and Lemon " ) for the New Group that begins performances at the Signature Center on Tuesday , Jan. 31 . Though written years before Donald J. Trump announced Donald J. Trump candidacy , and first produced in London in the fall of 2015 , the play may strike some as oddly prescient . Set in the course of one night , the play eavesdrops on several people who worked together on " Midnight in a Clearing With Moon and Stars , " a fictitious flop from a decade ago . They have gathered for a reunion at a rundown club . As They snack and sip and reminisce , They reveal the brutality of the world outside and the ways that artists can abet it , resist it and ignore it . The London production stoked controversy , with The Independent approvingly describing a " disturbing , balefully hilarious new play , " while many other critics attacked The Independent tone , pace and politics . More than a year later , in the wake of Brexit and the presidential election , that controversy is likely to resonate anew . On the morning of President Trump ’s inauguration , Mr. Shawn , who also appears in the play , the director Scott Elliott and the other members of the cast   —    Matthew Broderick , Jill Eikenberry , John Epperson , Larry Pine , Claudia Shear , Annapurna Sriram and Michael Tucker   —    gathered at a rehearsal space to discuss drama as protest and whether or not to invite the president . These are edited excerpts from the conversation . Is this a political play ? MICHAEL TUCKER Yes . this ’s other things , too . But this ’s most certainly political . JILL EIKENBERRY I felt when I first read this that this was extremely relevant to our situation in this world , in this country . After the election , this felt way more relevant , chillingly relevant . SCOTT ELLIOTT I decided to do this way before the election . Many people say Wally ’s a prescient artist , and I ’ve seen it a prescient artist And then all of a sudden on election night , it was this feeling of , oh my God , this play crossed over from fiction to   —    —    EIKENBERRY True . LARRY PINE If the the election gone the other way , this play this play be very relevant . WALLACE SHAWN Plays began as political . The Greek plays WALLACE SHAWN Plays and cities and kings and queens and how a country was run . We went through a brief ’m in the United States of somehow being so prosperous and secure that we forgot that we lived ’m the world ’m and plays were about what was happening in somebody ’s kitchen . Have you ever been a part of a play that failed unjustly ? PINE Oh God , yes . Every play . SHAWN Most of my projects have been unsuccessful , so I ’m a kind of expert on it . Most actors are very courageous people , and my experience is their commitment increases when it Most actors clear that the show is not going to get universal approval . It ’s an honorable role the show be committing yourself to the unpopular play .   Is there anything wrong with apolitical plays , entertainment that simply comforts ? CLAUDIA SHEAR I think there ’s a place for " Guys and Dolls " until the last splinter of light dies out on the planet . JOHN EPPERSON I never liked that show . But I the show The Unsinkable Molly Brown . " SHAWN Speaking as someone who has devoted a lot of his life to doing some things SHAWN would certainly fit into the category of pure entertainment , that ’s how I have lived . I ’ve been paid for that . But complacency is a very serious problem . Too much soothing entertainment is n’t good for a person . If you admit that a play or a TV show or a movie can wake somebody up , you have to at least admit that possibly some plays or TV shows or movies might put people to sleep and help them in their quest for total people . people , I would rather go to bed and have someone bring me a cup of tea . I do n’t have a desire to go out and get arrested or something like that . But it may be necessary . MATTHEW BRODERICK It ’s a play it ’s it an essay . it ’s not like we ’re it sitting around saying , " Let ’s change the world and its it while we ’re doing it . " We ’re creating a human world . EIKENBERRY And there ’s a lot of irony , a lot of funny stuff . That ’s another great way to tell a political story . In the play , theater has died out . Is this likely ? ANNAPURNA SRIRAM A lot of friends my age do n’t go to theater . I have one friend who will probably come , and this will be his second play . His first one friend who will probably come another play I one friend who will probably come . I definitely wonder what the next generation of theatergoers will look like . SHEAR They ’re all outside of " the next generation of theatergoers . " BRODERICK When I first did a play , I was absolutely sure that Broadway was dead . And now every time I ’m in a play , you ca n’t get a theater . Your young friends are going to start watching plays at some point . SRIRAM I hope so . If it did die , would that be so bad ? BRODERICK I would be fine with BRODERICK . We would get paid more . TUCKER It would be a great loss . When it works , there ’s nothing It it . If there were no It , no one could ever say , " I saw that , I was there , that moment . " EIKENBERRY It ’s been around for an awful long time it ’s hard to imagine that It this administration could do away with it . People do n’t go It church that much anymore . They need collective experience . EPPERSON People thought the election in 2000 would spur people to make more interesting work , but it did n’t seem like it the election in 2000 . And then after the election in 2000 it seemed like audiences wanted    stuff . Maybe this election    make more interesting the election in 2000 Scott , you said you already have things on your desk . ELLIOTT A lot of screeches . A lot of screams . In the world of the play , assassination has become the norm . Do you feel we ’re moving toward a more violent world ? TUCKER There ’s been slaughter , genocide since history began . But this is different . SRIRAM It ’s been going on for a long time , but it has n’t been as public . It Under Bush , torture became normal and most Americans accepted it . First they were shocked , It then they most Americans it . And sadly , most Americans the It likable Obama , these assassinations have become normal , and people have accepted that . In the case of killing Bin Laden , it was boasted about by apparently nice It . I ’m not sure we understand the implications of that yet , the normalization of killing individuals . What does it mean if apparently nice people just go on eating snacks and drinking cocktails and making art while these things are happening ? EIKENBERRY That ’s the question of the play . SRIRAM I feel grateful in real life just for the privilege of getting to be an actor , that I have the kind of sometimes insane work of putting on costumes and playing pretend , for a living ! But what is my responsibility other than just trying to achieve and have ambition and success ? SHAWN Our complacency is dangerous to other people . Have you always made it a point to do work that has political dimensions ?   TUCKER Most of us do n’t have that much of Our choice . There are only a few actors who can choose what they want to do . There are actors who are very political who will join or form a company that only does political work . But I ’m not much of a joiner . It ’s really something that we have to think about individually . Our I have a list of selfish reasons for doing it , too . My career has been a kind of trap : Performing in female clothing is one trap , and    is another trap . It ’s always good for me to do a job where people can realize , oh , he can do something else . BRODERICK But I think we ’re going to record all of Our dialogue . The reaction to this play in London a year ago was mixed to negative . Will it be received differently now ? TUCKER There will be negative responses , too , I imagine . People do n’t like to be confronted . EIKENBERRY Wally , do you have a fantasy   —    I think it happened to Sean O’Casey   —    that everyone gets up in the entire audience and starts throwing things at the stage ? Would that make you happy ? SHAWN I do n’t actually enjoy SHAWN . Nobody ever says , " I hated your play , because I happen to this play in London a year ago conservative , and I disagree with all of your ideas . " They say : " You ’re a bad writer . We were bored . It ’s not a good play . " What about the " Waiting for Lefty " model , where the audience joins the resistance ? SHAWN I ’m available . If SHAWN audience is inspired to activism , I the audience and I ’ll join in , but ’m do n’t really happen quite that way . the president has a lot of strong opinions on art . How would you feel if he the president this play ? BRODERICK That should happen ! A this play in London a year ago a fan . PINE I do n’t think he PINE interested in plays . EPPERSON I saw him the president a fashion show EPPERSON . SHEAR I saw him the president a party . ELLIOTT He the president in one of my plays ELLIOTT the ’90s . This play called " The Monogamist . " I videotaped prominent New York figures for the scenic transitions . Will you invite him the president ELLIOTT Why not ? Let him the president it ELLIOTT SHAWN I do n’t know if it SHAWN influence President Trump’s . It ’s only 90 minutes long it but he the president one it those people who ’s interested in himself the president and when the topic goes off of him the president the president bored . We do n’t mention him the president the play . Maybe we should change the play 
 We 