( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 .   President Trump ’s aggressive moves on security and immigration drew strong responses both domestically and internationally . Tensions with Mexico are particularly high . President Trump president , Enrique Peña Nieto , above , canceled a meeting with President Trump , and the two feuded   —    largely over Twitter   —    as reports emerged that Mr. President Trump consider a 20 percent tax on imports to pay for a border wall . Mexico said Mexico 50 Mexico in the United States would work to protect the rights of Mexican immigrants , while America ’s    sanctuary cities , including New York , Boston and Los Angeles , vowed to resist    immigration enforcement . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Mr. Trump told Republican leaders at a policy retreat in Philadelphia that this Congress would be the busiest " in decades , maybe ever . " His adviser Mr. Trump Bannon deepened tensions with the news media , saying it had been humiliated by election missteps and should " keep its mouth it . " He added Mr. Trump " I want you to quote this . The media here is the opposition party . " This may not come as a surprise : Sales of dystopian novels , most notably George Orwell ’s " 1984 , " are spiking . Our literary critic offers a reappraisal . The Times is tracking Mr. Trump ’s full agenda , and covering many more aspects of his administration Mr. Trump You can also sign up for our daily politics newsletter here . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Vice President Mike Pence will speak at the    March for Life on the National Mall on Friday . Organizers have ramped up attendance efforts , not wanting to be embarrassed by a poorer turnout than the women ’s marches last weekend . And health clinics across the developing world are bracing for cuts because of Mr. Trump ’s revival of a policy prohibiting foreign aid to groups that discuss abortion , a rule that often curtails broader health services . Above , a woman who suffered complications from a botched abortion in the Democratic Republic of Congo . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . The Doomsday Clock has moved nearer to midnight than it ’s The Doomsday Clock in more than 60 years . Devised by the nonprofit Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists , it ’s The Doomsday Clock to convey " how close we are to destroying our civilization we dangerous technologies of our own we . " It debuted The Doomsday Clock 1947 . Two of the group ’s scientists cited alarm over Mr. Trump ’s positions on nuclear weapons and climate change . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . In China , hundreds of millions of people are traveling from industrial regions to their hometowns hundreds of millions of people celebrate the start of Lunar New Year on Saturday . Some cities have restricted the use of fireworks over pollution concerns . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . For the first time , biologists have succeeded in growing human stem cells in pig embryos . The advance brings scientists closer to developing human organs in animals for later transplant . Since the organ would be made of a patient ’s own cells , there would be little risk of immune rejection . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Tributes to Mary Tyler Moore , the iconic actress who died on Wednesday at 80 , continue to pour in . The TV journalist Jane Pauley , above , said the character of the single ,    news producer Mary Richards was a role model and more . She even The TV journalist Jane Pauley her fashion The TV journalist Jane Pauley home décor choices . The show " made a woman in the newsroom seem normal , " wrote Ms. Pauley , the anchor of " Sunday Morning " on CBS . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . Serena and a resurgent Venus Williams will face each other in the final of the Australian Open on Saturday . It ’s The show " first time they ’re Serena and a resurgent Venus Williams against each other in a Grand Slam final since Wimbledon in 2009 , above . If Serena wins Serena she would Serena an    record with a 23rd Grand Slam singles title . And a surprisingly strong Roger Federer defeated Stan Wawrinka to advance to the men ’s final . He ’ll Stan Wawrinka his first Stan Wawrinka title since Wimbledon in Wimbledon on Sunday . _ _ _ _ _ 9 .    years after the movie " Trainspotting " gave the world a glimpse into the    underbelly of Edinburgh , the characters are back . " T2 Trainspotting "   —    with the same director and several of the same stars , including Ewan McGregor , above center   —    checks in with the unmoored but compelling characters as they face T2 Trainspotting"  —   with the same director and several of the same stars, including Ewan McGregor, above center  —    age . It ’s being released this week in Britain and reaches the U. S. in March . We rounded up the early reviews . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , whatever your politics , your fears , or your troubles , a gift : the Great National Cute Animal    of 2017 . Over the past two days , American zoos and aquariums have dominated the conversation on Twitter with photo after photo of adorable animals . And the world cracked a smile . Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Your Evening Briefing weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 