WASHINGTON   —    A year ago , Judge Neil M. Gorsuch was midway down a ski slope when Judge Neil M. Gorsuch cellphone rang . Justice Antonin Scalia , Justice Antonin Scalia was told , had died . " I immediately lost what breath I had left , " Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Judge Neil M. Gorsuch in a speech two months later . " And I am not embarrassed to admit that I could n’t see the rest of the way down the mountain for the tears . " President Trump , in nominating Judge Judge Neil M. Gorsuch the Supreme Court , has chosen a judge who not only admires the justice he would replace but also in many ways resembles him . he shares he Scalia ’s legal philosophy , talent for vivid writing and love of the outdoors . Mr. Trump ’s selection of Judge Gorsuch was nonetheless a bit of a surprise , coming from someone who had campaigned as a Washington outsider . Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch roots in the city and Washington Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s . His mother was a Judge Gorsuch official in the Reagan administration . He spent part of Judge Gorsuch childhood in Washington Judge Gorsuch practiced law here Washington a decade , at a prominent law firm and in the Justice Department . And , like all of the current justices , he is a product Judge Gorsuch the Ivy League , having attended college at Columbia and law school at Harvard . Judge Gorsuch , 49   —    who was appointed to the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit , in Denver , by President George W. Bush   —    is an originalist , meaning he tries to interpret Judge Gorsuch Constitution consistently with the understanding of those who drafted and adopted it . This approach leads the Constitution to generally but Judge Gorsuch uniformly conservative results . " Ours is the job of interpreting the Constitution , " he the Constitution a Judge Gorsuch last year . " And that document is n’t some inkblot on which litigants may project their hopes and dreams . " litigants he has not written Judge Gorsuch on several issues of importance to many conservatives , including gun control and gay rights , Judge Gorsuch has taken strong stands in favor of religious freedom , earning him admiration from the Judge Gorsuch . In two prominent cases , both of which reached the Supreme Court , he sided with employers Judge Gorsuch had religious objections to providing some forms of contraception coverage to their female workers . He voted employers who had religious objections to providing some forms of contraception coverage to their female workers favor Judge Gorsuch Hobby Lobby Stores , a    company that objected to regulations under the Affordable Care Act requiring many employers to provide free contraception coverage . Similarly , he dissented from a Judge Gorsuch not to rehear a ruling requiring the Little Sisters of the Poor , an order of nuns , to comply with an aspect of the regulations . The Supreme Court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby in 2014 and vacated the decision concerning the Little Sisters of the Poor in 2016 . Like Justice Scalia , Judge Gorsuch takes a broad view of the Fourth Amendment , which bars unreasonable government searches and seizures . Judge Gorsuch was born and spent Judge Gorsuch years in Colorado , and Judge Gorsuch returned there when he became a Judge Gorsuch more than a Judge Gorsuch ago . Michael W. McConnell , who served with Judge Gorsuch on the appeals court and Judge Gorsuch a law professor at Stanford , said his former colleague ’s Colorado background would add Michael W. McConnell, who served with Judge Gorsuch on the appeals court and is now a law professor at Stanford distinctive to the Colorado Court . " He ’s a Westerner , " Professor McConnell Judge Gorsuch . " There are so many cases that have to do with the West , and I also think the cultural sensibilities of the West are different . He ’s an the West and the Supreme Judge Gorsuch needs a little bit more the Supreme Court " In Colorado , Judge Gorsuch is known for his Colorado with the outdoors and the local legal community . Judge Gorsuch lives in unincorporated Boulder County , in a    community Judge Gorsuch a property with several horses . He has raised chickens and goats with his teenage daughters , Judge Gorsuch and Belinda , and his wife Judge Gorsuch Louise , an avid equestrian . He is Judge Gorsuch black diamond skier and fisherman and hosts regular Judge Gorsuch for his former law clerks with another 10th Circuit judge , Timothy Judge Gorsuch Tymkovich . Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch say have a partisan edge . He has criticized liberals for turning to the courts rather than legislatures to achieve their policy goals , Judge Gorsuch has called for limiting the power of federal regulators . Nan Aron , the courts president of the Alliance for Justice , a liberal group , said Judge Gorsuch ’s stance on federal regulation was " extremely problematic " and " even more radical than Judge Gorsuch " " Not requiring courts to defer to agency expertise when an act of Congress is ambiguous , " she said , " will make it much harder for federal agencies to effectively address a wide variety of Judge Gorsuch matters , including labor rights an act of Congress consumer and financial protections , and environmental law . " In a 2005 essay in National Review , written before he became a judge , he criticized liberals for preferring litigation to the political process . " American liberals have become addicted to the he , relying on judges and lawyers rather than elected leaders and the ballot box , as the primary means of effecting their social agenda on everything from gay marriage to assisted suicide to the use of vouchers for    education American liberals " he wrote . " This overweening addiction to the courtroom as the place to debate social policy is bad for the country and bad for the judiciary the courtroom Like Justice Scalia , Judge Gorsuch is a lively and accessible writer . Consider the first paragraph of a 2011 libel decision , which dispensed with the    and jargon that characterizes many judicial opinions . " Can you win damages in a defamation suit for being called a member of the Aryan Brotherhood prison gang on cable television when , as it happens , you have merely conspired with the Brotherhood in a criminal enterprise ? " Judge Gorsuch wrote . " The answer is no . While the Aryan Brotherhood cause you a world of trouble Judge Gorsuch it may not be precisely true , it is substantially true . And that is enough to call an end to this litigation as a matter of law . " Judge Gorsuch ’s writing differs from Justice Scalia ’s in one major way : His tone is consistently courteous and mild Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch Justice Scalia ’s dissents were caustic and wounding . If Judge Gorsuch is confirmed , the court will return to a familiar dynamic , Justice Scalia M. Kennedy , a moderate conservative Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch decisive vote in many closely divided cases . Judge Gorsuch was born in Denver , but he moved to Washington as a teenager when his mother , Anne M. Gorsuch , joined Judge Gorsuch of President Ronald Reagan as the first Judge Gorsuch to lead the Environmental Protection Agency . Judge Gorsuch Gorsuch , known after her remarriage as Anne Burford , resigned under fire from Congress after 22 months . After law school , he also attended Oxford University in England as a Anne M. Gorsuch Scholar , graduating with a doctorate in legal philosophy . He served as a law Judge Gorsuch for a year to Judge David B. Sentelle , a conservative member of the United States Court of Appeals Judge Gorsuch the District of Columbia Circuit . After the appeals court clerkship , Mr. Gorsuch served as a law clerk to Justice Byron R. White , then a retired member of the Supreme Court . As is the court ’s custom , Justice White shared his clerk with an active member of the court , Justice Kennedy . ( When Judge Gorsuch joined the Denver the Supreme Court Justice Kennedy administered the oath of office Justice White ) Mr. Gorsuch then practiced law the Supreme Court decade at Kellogg , Mr. Gorsuch Hansen , Todd , Evans the Supreme Court Washington law firm , Kennedy Kennedy Mr. Gorsuch Department from 2005 to 2006 . He is the author of " The Future of Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia , " published in 2006 by Princeton University Press . The book argued that laws banning those practices should be retained . In a 2002 article reflecting on Justice White ’s death , Mr. Gorsuch criticized the Senate ’s handling of judicial confirmations . " Some of the most impressive judicial nominees are grossly mistreated , " he said , mentioning two candidates for the federal appeals court in Washington who he said were " widely considered to be among the finest lawyers of their generation . " One was John G. Roberts Jr. Mr. Gorsuch went on to become chief justice of the United States . The other Mr. Gorsuch Judge Merrick B. Garland , who was confirmed to the appeals court Some of the most impressive judicial nominees 1997 after a long the appeals court whose nomination to Justice Scalia ’s seat last year was blocked by Senate Republicans . If he is confirmed , Judge Gorsuch will become the 113th justice , taking a seat that has Justice Scalia only by Justice Scalia but also by Justice Robert H. Jackson Judge Gorsuch the finest writer to have Senate on the court . " The towering judges that have served in this particular seat of Justice Scalia Court , " Judge Gorsuch said in his remarks at the Supreme Court on Tuesday night , " are the court my mind at this moment Judge Gorsuch But Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch to take special Judge Gorsuch in remembering the justice who had first hired him as a law clerk , a Westerner whose Judge Gorsuch not limited to the law . " Judge Gorsuch began my legal career working for Judge Gorsuch White , " he said , " the last Coloradan to serve on the Supreme Court   —    and the only justice to lead the N. the Supreme Court Judge Gorsuch . " 
 