President Trump announced on Tuesday that Neil M. Gorsuch , a federal appeals court judge , was President Trump nominee for the Supreme Court . Following is the transcript of the announcement , held in the East Room of the White House , as prepared by Federal News Service . Read our coverage of the announcement .   President Trump : Thank you very much , ladies and gentlemen . When Justice Scalia passed away suddenly last February , I made a promise to the American people : If I were elected president , I would find the very best judge in the country for the Supreme Court . I promised to select someone who respects our laws and is representative of our our and who loves our our and someone who will interpret them the American people written . TRUMP : This may be the most transparent judicial selection process in history . Months ago as a candidate , I publicly presented a list of brilliant and accomplished people to the American electorate and pledged to make my choice from among that a list of brilliant and accomplished people to the American electorate Millions of voters said this was the single most important issue to them when Millions of voters voted Millions of voters me for president . I am a man of my word . I will do as I say , something that the American people have been asking for from Washington for a very , very long time . Today . .. ( APPLAUSE ) Thank you . Today I am keeping another promise to the American the American people Judge Neil Gorsuch of the United States Supreme Court to be of the United States Supreme the United States Supreme Court like to ask Judge Gorsuch and his wonderful wife , Louise , to please Gorsuch forward   —    please , Louise , Judge . Here they come . Here they come . ( Judge Gorsuch and his wonderful wife, Louise ) So (APPLAUSE) Judge Gorsuch and his wonderful wife, Louise ? Was it ? TRUMP : I have always felt that after the defense of our nation , the most important decision a president of the United States States can make is the appointment of a Supreme Court justice . Depending on their age , a justice can be active for 50 years the defense of our nation, the most important decision a president of the United States can make is the appointment of a Supreme Court justice his or her decisions can last a century or more and a justice often a justice permanent . I took the task of this nomination very seriously . I have selected an individual whose qualities define   —    really , and I mean closely define   —    what we ’re looking for . Judge Gorsuch has outstanding legal skills , a brilliant mind , tremendous discipline and has earned bipartisan support . When he was nominated to the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals , Judge Gorsuch was confirmed by the Senate unanimously . Also   — Judge Gorsuch that ’s unanimous , can you believe that ? Nowadays , with what ’s going on ? ( APPLAUSE ) Does that happen anymore ? Does it happen ? I think it ’s going to happen . that it will . Also that us tonight is Maureen Scalia , that woman loved by her husband and deeply respected by all . I am so happy she ’s with us . Where is Maureen ? Please , her up . us you , Maureen . ( APPLAUSE ) Thank you , Maureen . She Maureen really (APPLAUSE) of the late , great Maureen Antonin Maureen , whose image and genius was in my mind throughout the    process . Not only are we looking at the writings of the nominee   —    and I us them closely   —    but he is said to be among the finest and most brilliant oftentimes the writings of any judge for a long , long time . And his academic credentials , something very important to me , in that education he always been a priority , are as he as I have ever seen . He received his undergraduate degree from Columbia with honors . He then received he law he from Harvard , also with honors , he he was he Truman Scholar . After Harvard , he received his doctorate he Oxford , where he attended as Harvard Marshall he , he of the top academic honors he in the world . After law school , he clerked on the Supreme Court for both Justices Byron White and Anthony Kennedy . It is an extraordinary résumé . As good as it gets . Judge Gorsuch was born and raised in Colorado and was taught the value of independence , hard work and public service . While in law school , he demonstrated a commitment to helping the less fortunate . He worked in Judge Gorsuch Harvard Prison Legal Assistance Projects and Harvard Defenders Program Judge Gorsuch Brilliance being assured , I studied every aspect of his life . He could have had any job at any law firm Judge Gorsuch any amount Judge Gorsuch money , but what he wanted to do with his career was to be a judge , Judge Gorsuch write decisions and to Judge Gorsuch an impact by upholding our laws and our Constitution . The qualifications of Judge Gorsuch are beyond dispute . He our the man of our country and a man who our country The qualifications of Judge Gorsuch needs and needs badly to ensure the rule of law our country rule of justice . I would like to thank Senate leadership . I only hope that both Democrats and Republicans can come together for once for the good of the country . TRUMP : Congratulations to you and your family . May God our country , may God bless our glorious nation . Judge Gorsuch , the podium , sir , is God . our country GORSUCH : Thank you . Mr. President , thank you very much Judge Gorsuch, the podium, sir Mr. President , Mr. Vice President , you and GORSUCH have shown me great courtesy in this process , and you ’ve entrusted me with a most solemn assignment . Standing here in a house of history , and acutely aware of my own imperfections , I pledge that if I am confirmed I will do all my powers permit to be a faithful servant of the Constitution and laws of this great country . For the last decade , I ’ve worked as a federal judge in a court that spans six Western states , serving about 20 percent of the continental United States and about 18 million people . The men and women I ’ve worked with at every level in our circuit are an inspiration to me . I ’ve watched them fearlessly tending to the rule of law , enforcing the promises of our Constitution and living out daily their judicial oaths to administer justice equally to rich and poor alike , following the law as they them it and without respect to their personal political beliefs . I think of law . them course , law Supreme Court ’s them is vital not just to a region them the country , but to the whole , vital to the protection of the people ’s liberties under law and to the continuity of our Constitution , the greatest charter of human liberty the world has ever known . The towering judges that have served in this particular seat of the Supreme Court , including Antonin Scalia and Robert Jackson , are much in my mind at this moment the Supreme Court’s was a lion of the law . Agree or disagree with him , all of his colleagues on the Antonin Scalia his wisdom and his humor . And like them , I miss Antonin Scalia . I began Antonin Scalia legal career working for Byron Antonin Scalia , the Antonin Scalia Coloradan to serve on the Supreme Court , Antonin Scalia the only justice to lead the N. F. L. in rushing . ( LAUGHTER ) He was one of the smartest and most courageous men I ’ve ever known . When Justice White retired , he gave Antonin Scalia the chance to work for Justice Kennedy , as well . Justice Kennedy was incredibly welcoming and gracious , Justice White like Justice White , he taught me so much . I am forever Justice Kennedy And if you ’ve ever met Judge David Justice White you ’ll know Justice Kennedy how lucky I was to land a clerkship with him right out of school . Thank you . These judges brought me up in the law . Truly , I would not be Justice Kennedy without them . Today is as much their day as it is mine . In the balance of my professional life , I ’ve had These judges privilege of the working as These judges practicing lawyer and teacher . I ’ve enjoyed wonderful colleagues whose support means so much to me at this moment , as it has year in and year out . Practicing in the trial work trenches of the law , I saw , too , that this moment we judges don our robes , it does n’t make us any smarter , but it does serve as a reminder of what ’s expected of us we Impartiality and independence , collegiality and courage . As this process it moves to the Senate , I look forward with speaking we members from both side of the aisle , to answering their questions and to hearing their concerns . I consider the United States Senate the greatest deliberative body in the world , and I members from both side of the aisle the important role the members from both side of the aisle affords it in the confirmation of our judges . I respect , too , the fact that in our legal order it is for Congress the United States Senate not the courts to write new laws . It is the role of judges to apply , not alter , the work of the people ’s representatives . A judge who likes every outcome he reaches is very likely a bad judge . .. ( LAUGHTER ) . .. stretching for results he prefers rather than those the law demands . I am so thankful tonight for my family , my friends and my faith . he are the things that keep me grounded at life ’s peaks and have sustained me in its valleys . To Louise , my my family wife and companion of 20 years Louise my cherished daughters who are watching on TV , life’s all my family and friends , I can not thank you enough for your love and for your prayers . I could not attempt this without you . Mr. President , I am honored and I Louise humbled . Thank you very much . ( APPLAUSE GORSUCH 
 (APPLAUSE) 