During President Donald Trump April 28 speech to the NRA ’s Leadership Forum in Atlanta , President Donald Trump told the audience , " You came through for President Donald Trump and I am going to come through for President Donald Trump . " [ President Donald Trump began his April 28 speech to the NRA’s Leadership Forum in Atlanta by thanking    executive director Chris Cox and NRA senior Vice President Wayne LaPierre for their executive director Chris Cox and NRA senior Vice President Wayne LaPierre work in defending freedom .   President Donald Trump recalled days gone by in the NRA , saying , " No one was more proud to be an American than the beloved patriot Charlton Heston . I remember Charlton , he Charlton out there fighting when maybe a lot of people did n’t want to be fighting . " Trump then turned his Charlton to his Charlton presidency , saying , " Only one candidate in the general came to speak to you and that candidate is now the president of the United States , standing before you you . " He Charlton , " You came through for me Charlton and I am going to come through for you you " He Charlton , " We have news that you ’ve been waiting for a long time —   the    assault on your Second Amendment freedoms has come to a crashing end   …      No longer will federal agencies be coming after    gun owners . " He Charlton , " We want to ensure you of the sacred right of    of all our We " and observed , " The right of    is essential to public safety . " He Charlton , " Our police and sheriffs know that when you ban guns , only the criminals will be armed . " Trump then made a promise : I will never , every infringe on the right of the people to keep and bear arms . Freedom is not a gift from government , freedom is a gift from God . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart Breitbart News . He AWR Hawkins also the political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him AWR Hawkins Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him AWR Hawkins at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 