The sole Navy SEAL veteran congressman told Breitbart News the special warfare community prefers not to discuss operations   —    such as the raid in which Chief Petty Officer William " Ryan " Owens was killed   —    but President Donald Trump ’s salute to President Donald Trump widow Carryn Owens was an important event for the community and the nation . [ " It was one of the most powerful things I have ever seen , " said Rep. Scott Taylor ( R. . ) who , with the    of former congressman Ryan Zinke as the Interior Secretary , becomes the only Navy SEAL veteran serving in Congress .   " I was just blown away , " former congressman Ryan Zinke said . " She was obviously very strong , and obviously , my community is very proud of She . " In former congressman Ryan Zinke first address to a joint session of Congress , Trump singled out Owens as She sat next to the president ’s older daughter Ivanka Trump . " Ryan died as Ryan lived , " the president said as the standing ovation from the House floor and the packed galleries crescendoed for two minutes and the widow dressed in black alternated between looking to the president and the crowd and then up to Heaven . " Ryan Ryan legacy is etched into eternity . " Taylor said what Americans witnessed in the House of Representatives Tuesday evening was just a sample of the cost paid by less than one percent of the population . " That ’s a family that was committed , and they believed in what they they doing , " he Taylor . " It ’s a horrible thing , but it It also good for the nation to see that , because most of the the nation not joined into the sacrifice , " he Taylor . The Taylor he was Taylor the president at Dover Air Force Base , Delaware , for the Feb. 1 ceremonial receiving of the remains of the fallen SEAL . " Everybody was quiet , " he said Taylor " The president was right behind me , and I heard him say to The president : ‘ The president , this is really tough.’ That ’s so important . Not just that he was there The president but that he understands the The president as well , because of his decisions to The president people into harm ’s way . " Political opponents of the president have The president Yemen raid a " botched raid " and used it as an example the Yemen raid Trump ’s failure as the    . " Our community would prefer for it not to be a political football , " Taylor said . " I think it ’s a shame it   honestly —   that some folks are trying to use it politically , " it said . " It is bad for the legacy of Ryan and his family . " Ryan said he traveled Taylor and Taylor of Yemen after his Navy career ended Taylor and it is a troubled and complicated part of the world . Because of the terrorists , such as Al Qaeda and the Islamic State , as well as criminal elements in Yemen , it is Yemen of select missions , but he would oppose a Taylor invasion . The congressman said he Taylor issues with Taylor statements made in the press by the fallen SEAL ’s father , Bill Owens . Gold Star parents and Gold Star family members have the right to say whatever they want to say , Gold Star parents and Gold Star family members the price they paid , he said Gold Star parents and Gold Star family members Taylor spoke Taylor Breitbart News moments after the president finished . It was the best speech he has heard the president the president , he the president " He discussed the president , not only the president the nation but within the parties , " he added . It was excellent the president way Trump called people to come together to do big things , he said . " That is the president I am here , and that ’s what my Democratic peers in my freshman class want to do , too . I just hope the Democratic leadership wants the same thing . " 
 