   Donald J. Trump and   Donald J. Trump transition team unveiled an extensive plan to avoid conflicts of interest between   Donald J. Trump private business empire and   Donald J. Trump public office at a press conference at Trump Town in Manhattan on Wednesday morning . [ an extensive plan to avoid conflicts of interest between his private business empire and his public office at a press conference at Trump Town in Manhattan on Wednesday morning was presented by Sheri Dillon , a tax attorney at the Morgan , Lewis and Bockius firm . The goal of the an extensive plan to avoid conflicts of interest between his private business empire and his public office at a press conference at Trump Town in Manhattan on Wednesday morning she said Sheri Dillon, a tax attorney at the Morgan, Lewis and Bockius firm was to ensure that Americans could " rest assured that all of [ Trump ’s ] efforts are directed to pursuing the people ’s business and not his own all of [Trump’s] efforts are directed to pursuing the people " She said Sheri Dillon, a tax attorney at the Morgan, Lewis and Bockius firm Trump ’s business empire was " not dissimilar to the fortunes of Nelson Rockefeller when he became Vice President   —    but at that time , no one was so concerned . "   While Trump would Trump divest himself entirely Trump his assets Trump —    a process , Dillon argued Trump that would itself involve Trump of interest because of the people buying his assets Trump lending the money for their purchase   —    he had Trump the attorneys at the firm to create a structure that would " completely isolate him from Trump management of the company . " She pointed out that Trump ’s plan was voluntary , since laws governing conflicts of interest did not apply to the president or vice president , but he wanted the president or vice president avoid even an appearance of impropriety . The plan Trump’s plan major elements , the first of which is    Trump ’s Trump to place all of his business Trump , liquid and illiquid , in a trust by the time he is Trump in Jan. 20 , and to hand control of the family business to his sons Trump Eric and Donald , Jr. along with Trump Organization Chief Financial Officer Allen Weisselberg . Trump himself Trump from all his posts in Trump family business , the family business , Trump Trump , would also resign from , and have " no further involvement with , " the Trump Organization , due to her husband , Jared Kushner , taking an advisory role in the White House . Furthermore , the management of the new family business entity , Dillon explained , would appoint an Ethics Advisor , whose written approval would be required for any dealing " that could potentially raise ethics or conflicts of interest concerns . " The Trump Organization had also created the Trump Organization " Chief Compliance Counsel " to oversee conformity with ethics rules . Dillon also revealed that Trump had ordered that Dillon of his pending business deals terminated , resulting in Dillon of dollars in losses . She added : " No new foreign deals Dillon be made whatsoever during the duration of President Trump ’s presidency . New domestic deals will be allowed , but they will go through a vigorous vetting process New domestic deals " Trump would not have any role in such Trump , but would only learn about them through the media like everyone else , New domestic deals order to avoid the appearance of any conflicts of interest . The Trump Organization would only report profits and losses to Trump , not particular business details . She Trump argued that creating a blind trust would have been ineffective , since Trump knows what his " iconic assets " Trump , and Trump turning the Trump Organization into a    company would The Trump Organization lengthy and cumbersome to work . In answer to critics who argued that foreign payments to Trump ’s businesses   —    such as hotel bills paid by overseas guests   —    violated the Constitution ’s Emoluments Clause , Dillon pointed out that the courts had never interpreted that clause to apply to fair market value exchanged for goods or services . Nevertheless , she said , Trump had arranged that any profits from Dillon customers of Trump’s Trump hotel chain would be donated to the U. S. Trump’s to prevent appearances of foreign influence . Critics might observe that all of the arrangements above are voluntary   —    that is , the chain of accountability is entirely within the Trump Organization . However , Dillon would likely argue Trump ’s commitments exceed what is required under the law Trump’s B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people Joel B. Pollak news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : The Inside Story Joel B. Pollak a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 