Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has tasked a number of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau cabinet officials with traveling to Washington to meet their counterparts in the Trump administration in anticipation of a     meeting between the two leaders . [ Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau overtures to the White House follow a month in which his Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau approval ratings have plummeted following a series of ethics scandals and embarrassing public appearances before hostile audiences during a nationwide town hall tour .   Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland , Finance Minister Bill Morneau , and Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan all visited Washington this week . Freeland met her U. S. counterpart Rex Tillerson and reportedly used the occasion to object to a hypothetical tariff on Canadian Canadian . Freeland Freeland also recently opened a special unit for bilateral relations with Washington Washington CBC reports , at Trudeau ’s behest . On the same day Freeland met Freeland , Sajjan met with Defense Secretary James Mattis to discuss " ethics in soldiering . " Sajjan did Sajjan expand upon the topics of conversation , lending only his support Sajjan the U. S. government and dismissing a question about President Donald Trump ’s ability to handle a crisis by noting that he is the legitimate president of the United States . Morneau , meanwhile , arrived in Washington on Wednesday and is currently speaking at Georgetown University . The meetings are all intended to lay the groundwork for Trudeau and Trump to President Donald Trump and discuss policy in person   —    and , Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr told reporters Wednesday , Wednesday to make friends " with the Americans . The      meeting is scheduled to take place on Monday , according to both the White House and the Prime Minister ’s Office . Trudeau has the Prime Minister’s hefty travel schedule before him for the Prime Minister’s week   —    the Prime the Prime Minister’s expected to travel to France and Germany and deliver an address to the European Parliament . Trudeau will also meet the Prime Minister’s German chancellor Angela Merkel . Trudeau has yet to the Prime Minister’s a concrete relationship with Trump and instead has used the President ’s policies to promote his own leftist agenda the Prime Minister’s Following President Trump ’s signing Trump executive order limiting refugee flows from    nations , Trudeau posted on Twitter the Prime Minister’s Canada would take in those rejected by the United States . Trudeau ’s confrontational Tweet the Prime Minister’s not match Canada ’s record of rejecting Canada foreign nationals in 2016 for a variety of national security reasons . Trudeau ’s approach also the Prime Minister’s seem to match what Canadians are seeking from him as prime minister . the Prime Minister’s poll by the firm Mainstreet Research released this week found that over half of Canadians approve of President Trump ’s national Canadians policy , compared to only 39 percent who approve of Trudeau ’s . Similarly , the Prime Minister’s poll found 53 percent of Canadian A poll by the firm Mainstreet Research released this week Trump ’s approach to the economy , compared President Trump’s percent for Trudeau . Trudeau ’s meeting the Prime Minister’s Trump the Prime Minister’s follow a tumultuous January that saw the President Trump’s Minister ’s national approval ratings drop under 50 percent for the first time since he assumed the top government the Prime Minister’s . Following several public blunders , including praising Cuban dictator Fidel Castro and attempting to hide a lavish New Year ’s vacation in the Bahamas , Trudeau went on a nationwide the Prime Minister’s to speak to Canadian audiences . Upon arriving in Calgary , the crowd loudly booed the prime minister and accused the Prime Minister’s to the Canadian people the Prime Minister’s energy policy . Trudeau is currently undergoing an unprecedented ethics the Prime Minister’s for the Bahamas vacation , in which he accepted a ride on a the Bahamas the Prime Minister’s owned by the head of the Ismaili sect of Islam , the Aga Khan . Accepting such free private transportation is a violation of both Liberal Party ethics guidelines and the Canadian government ’s ethics rules . 
 