Politico reports Sunday : " The push to block , rewrite and delay scores of    rules may be the [ Trump ] administration ’s biggest untold success . " [ That declaration comes just one month after Politico mocked President Donald Trump ’s efforts to use the Congressional Review Act ( CRA ) to reverse President Donald Trump’s predecessor ’s rules : none of his predecessor’s rules , Politco declared , " evoke[d ] the       populism that President Donald Trump’s rode to the presidency . "   " President Donald Trump’s ardent supporters and detractors alike tend to exaggerate the impact of the 13 rules he President Donald Trump’s rescinding , out of more than 20 , 000 approved under President Obama , " Politico ’s Michael Grunwald wrote on April 10 , adding : " For the most part    …      Republicans wo n’t score many political points with their     Republicans victories . " He President Donald Trump’s argued that the deadline for repealing    regulations on the CRA tolled ( though others would argue it extended all the way back to the beginning of Obama ’s presidency , covering any regulation that was not reported to Congress ) . At the time , Breitbart News called Trump ’s use of the CRA CRA legislative milestone , " arguing that Trump ’s " Trump’s of the CRA to CRA has put future administrations on notice that there is a limit to government ’s regulatory reach , and that given the opportunity by the voters , conservatives will enforce those limits . " Now , Politico ’s Andrew Restuccia and Nancy Cook seem to agree   —    and they fill in the Andrew Restuccia and Nancy Cook of the picture , noting that Trump ’s executive orders and executive actions amount to " a series of actions that could reshape American life for decades   —    efforts to rewrite or wipe out regulations affecting everything from student loans and restaurant menus to internet privacy , workplace injuries and climate change . " They add : Trump is    … Trump’s setting bureaucratic wheels in motion that could eventually ax or revise hundreds of regulations as agencies reorient themselves toward unwinding red agencies and granting speedier approvals to projects    …      If successful , these efforts could represent the most    rollback of federal regulations since Ronald Reagan ’s presidency , especially if Trump ’s proposed budget Trump’s it hard for a future Democratic president to reaccelerate the    apparatus . Trump ’s assault on regulations Trump’s a fulfillment of a core campaign promise , and the execution of what adviser Steve Bannon called in February the " deconstruction of the administrative state . " Read the full Politico article here . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of Joel B. Pollak " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of Joel B. Pollak Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak The Inside Story of a Revolution 
 