Monday in Washington , D. C at the National Press Club during a news conference , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) said while she has not seen a completed case for President Donald Trump ’s impeachment , a " very scientific , methodical way " was being made .   Pelosi said , " a completed case for President Donald Trump’s impeachment, a "very scientific, methodical way" is being made about the emoluments clause and you have to have evidence and the rest , but the a completed case for President Donald Trump’s impeachment, a "very scientific, methodical way" not fully been made . The fact is that when I was speaker after we won in ’06   —    in ’07 people wanted me to impeach President Bush because of the war in Iraq . I never recovered with the left on this subject for not impeaching President Bush President Bush the war in the war in Iraq n’t impeach Iraq because you do n’t like their policies . When they break somebody law , that somebody when you have grounds for impeachment . And at the time of the war , I said , the war in Iraq top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee , ‘ The intelligence does not support the threat,’ and so did Senator Bob Graham . " " But the administration was making this strong case with the American people . And perhaps misrepresenting the American people could be a cause the American people " she continued . " If so , there ’s plenty of grounds right now with the current president , but it just is n’t the President’s That does n’t mean this strong case with the American people listening to cases that are being made in a very scientific , methodical way as to whether there are grounds for an impeachment . But the fact is that we ’re trying to unite the country . Many of the President ’s supporters are just not ready to accept the fact that their judgment might not have been so great in voting for him the President’s supporters And by the time the case is made , perhaps the President’s ’ll be ready to accept that . It ’s very hard the President’s supporters impeachment . It ’s very hard . the case Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN the case 