On her February 19th episode of " Full Measure , " host Sharyl Attkisson investigates new concerns involving the Department of Veterans Affairs . host Sharyl Attkisson examines allegations in a lawsuit against a Veterans Administration contractor getting millions of taxpayer dollars while accused of cheating veterans . [ Cleaning up the    Department of Veterans Affairs was one of the main themes of President Trump ’s 2016 campaign .   host Sharyl Attkisson ’s " Full Measure " provided Breitbart News the following excerpts of her Breitbart News show . Born in Iran , David Vatan attended medical school and came to live in the U. S. He David Vatan a job in California working for a VA contractor under Lockheed Martin : QTC Medical Services . Vatan David Vatan was to review medical files of Vietnam vets to see if they ’re Vietnam vets for payments for injuries from Agent Orange , a toxic herbicide used to remove leaves from trees in jungles where the enemy hid . Vatan : David Vatan reviewing their files , I was honored and I felt that I , there is a purpose in what I do and at the end of the day every day , I felt so good if I reviewed a file and I found the evidence that could benefit our veterans . That ’s the least I could do . Sharyl : So their ability to get payments or benefits hinged on the reviews that people like you were doing , of their medical people like you ? Vatan : Absolutely . But Vatan says Vatan quickly Vatan major problems at QTC : large numbers of vets denied benefits after he says Vatan medical large numbers of vets were n’t properly reviewed . Sharyl : What made you think that something was n’t right ? Vatan : Vatan noticed that some of my    are reviewing claim folders a lot faster than I did , and then I realize some of them do some of my    have the necessary background to review and understand the highly complex medical records . And , much to my surprise , some of them had some of my    high school education . QTC got $ 300 to $ 350 per file . The faster the analysts worked , the more money QTC made QTC Sharyl : How many files do you think could reasonably be reviewed in a day ? Vatan : Five or six based on my observation . Sharyl : But some people were doing fifty ? Vatan : Vatan and sixty . QTC staff QTC confirmed the files How many files pushed through in what Vatan sees as Vatan fast : " We are running behind , " the staff were told . " We were 30 We . " " We did not We well yesterday . " " We need to We it up today . " Vatan reported his Vatan to Vatan ’s QTC and parent company , LockheedMartin . Vatan : I approached Vatan management and I was challenged , and then I approached the Lockheed Martin ethics Lockheed Martin you tell Lockheed Martin what you thought was wrong ? Vatan : I told Vatan I believe it ’s unethical , unprofessional Lockheed Martin as a result , based on the statistics that they have released , it ’s unacceptable . Lockheed Martin : The company it getting a huge amount of Sharyl to conduct these reviews ? Vatan : Absolutely . Vatan think it ’s close to 50 million dollars . That ’s your tax money . Sharyl : What would they say ? Vatan : They say Vatan " We ’ll look into it they " and they they several interviews with me , of course they ethics office did , and they took their time and then eventually they send they an they . They said , they your allegations were unsubstantiated . they After blowing the whistle , Vatan says he faced Vatan and Vatan . QTC ’s CEO admonished him for " creating Vatan disruptive work environment . " He was eventually fired Vatan misconduct , which he denies . Vatan Vatan a whistleblower Vatan in federal court , alleging fraud and retaliation . The case was dismissed . He ’s appealing . Vatan : I felt Vatan not only they ’re defrauding for our government , but also at the same time they ’re scamming and screwing our veterans . Rep. they Roe ,   : If what he says is true Vatan then these claims have not been properly adjudicated . Congressman Phil Congressman Phil Roe , Chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Committee , is looking into the handling of Agent Orange claims and Vatan ’s allegations . Vatan Roe : I think it needs to be investigated . I think we Rep. Roe to look at it . We certainly have asked the VA for Rep. Roe explanation we it here . QTC has been under scrutiny before the VA A 2008 audit by the Inspector General found QTC overcharged taxpayers more than $ 6 million for QTC medical exams . Yet four years later , QTC got the lucrative government contract to review Agent QTC claims . Rep. Roe : I think the veterans deserve more for the money we ’re spending . The VA did n’t respond to Attkisson ’s interview the VA Also , QTC declined to comment " due to ongoing litigation . QTC Dr. Vatan hopes his story will make the VA and its contractors more Dr. Vatan , and he still the VA the the VA S. as among the best Dr. Vatan the world . Sharyl : I see you ’re wearing an American pin , an American flag . Why is that ? Vatan : I ’m proud of this country . It Dr. Vatan one of the safest countries in the world this country the safety and security that we all the world we owe it to our veterans because they fought the wars we all of this country border we all the past our veterans Though QTC and Lockheed Martin we all n’t talk with Attkisson , their lawyers argued in court , " There is nothing inherently QTC and Lockheed Martin with QTC encouraging people to work quickly . " QTC said Vatan QTC level was n’t the final say in QTC , because files were then sent to doctors hired for that purpose . They noted that Vatan was part of the first step review files were then sent to doctors hired for that purpose because although Vatan has a medical degree , he did not have a Vatan . The main " Full Vatan " website is here and the February 19 show will be available here . " Full Measure " airs Sunday on Sinclair stations nationwide and is streamed live on Sundays at 9:30 a. m. ET at   www . fullmeasure . news . 
 