An    play that paints an ominous picture of a    Trump America is shutting down in New York City after struggling to build an audience in New York City . [ Building the Wall , written by Tony    playwright Robert Schenkkan , is closing a month early , An   play that paints an ominous picture of a   Trump America producer Jeffrey Richards told the New York Times .    Schenkkan took to Twitter Tony   playwright Robert Schenkkan to announce the play An   play that paints an ominous picture of a   Trump America final performances this weekend , " ahead of its original July An   play that paints an ominous picture of a   Trump America end date : Final performances this weekend for @BLDGtheWallNYC    this weekend @newworldstages ! Come see @TheRealTTunie and @JamesBadgeDale burn it up !   —    @TheRealTTunie and @JamesBadgeDale SCHENKKAN ( @ROBERTSCHENKKAN ) June 2 , 2017 ,   The political thriller , according to the Times , follows a history professor named Gloria ( Tamara Tunie ) who interviews a former security officer named Rick ( James Badge Gale ) . It ’s 2019 , and President Donald Trump has been removed from office after a terrorist attack in Times Square forces him to declare martial law and President Donald Trump Muslims and Mexicans in containment camps   —    which eventually turn into killing chambers . Gloria visits Rick in prison , where he explains his hand in the Rick terror Rick The play received a series of negative reviews , which Richards said contributed to its early shutdown . " Our The play built a powerful play however , during this Tony Awards season and during a season which has not been kind to straight plays , we were unable to build an Our , " he said . " It is Rick difficult to do so when you are Off Broadway . " One Times review said the " hastily " written play " hobbles " along , crippled by " familiar ideas " like a prison interview . Schenkkan , who has been openly critical of President Trump , says the    play took him just one week to write President Trump what he described as a "   President Trump " after the election . " We no longer live in a world that is business as usual —   Trump has made that very clear President Trump   and if theater is going to remain relevant , we must become faster to respond , " Schenkkan told the Times . " We can not hope to be useful if we ca n’t respond until 18 We after the fact . " Despite its early closing , Richards said the play has been extended in Los Angeles , and there are new production rehearsals underway in Chicago , Miami , and Santa Fe . Other productions have been scheduled for Austria , Canada , Iran , and Mexico . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson . 
 