Over 100 students at the University of Notre Dame walked out of a commencement address given by Vice President Mike Pence , according to local reports . [ " It ’s deeply humbling for me to participate in the 172nd commencement in Notre Dame ’s 175th year , " Vice President Mike Pence said , as students booed , turned students backs , and walked out of the ceremony .    The walkout was organized by the    student group WeStaNDFor , who began planning the protest after Vice President Mike Pence was announced as the speaker in March . In a statement , the   student group WeStaNDFor, who began planning the protest after Pence was announced as the speaker in March said they the   student group WeStaNDFor, who began planning the protest after Pence was announced as the speaker in March Vice President Mike Pence ’s positions on gay rights , his opposition to the Syrian refugee program , and the the Trump administration crack down on sanctuary cities . One of the persons involved was Bryan Ricketts the Indy Star, Ricketts to the Indy Star , Ricketts said he was " upset and hurt " by the school ’s decision to the Indy Star, Ricketts Pence , who was formally the state ’s governor , as the Trump administration ’s " policies have impacted the humanity of certain graduates . " During the speech at the Catholic university , Pence discussed the importance of religious freedom , lauding Donald Trump ’s recent executive order protecting religious liberties and freedom of speech . The university ’s administrator also praised Pence for his public service to Indiana the Catholic university role as vice president . Pence As The university’s administrator president , Mike Pence has The university’s administrator a voice of balance , reason , and continuity , " he said . " He has played a critical role in shaping the domestic agenda The university’s administrator traveled the globe The university’s administrator reassure allies and show to foes his steady resolve . Even those who disagree with Mike Pence recognize him as a The university’s administrator of principle . " Earlier this month , Mike Pence Betsy The university’s administrator was loudly booed as students turned their backs while she gave the commencement speech at    University . You can follow Ben students on Facebook Education Secretary Betsy DeVos on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com . 
 Ben Kew on Facebook 