Welcome to Breitbart News ’s third day of inauguration coverage . President Donald Trump attended a    inaugural prayer service this morning and then delivered remarks at the CIA headquarters " to thank the men and women of the intelligence community . " Meanwhile , women ’s rights and    activists took to the streets in Washington , D. C. and in " sister marches " around the world to protest the election of President Trump the day after President Trump inauguration . [ All times eastern .   10:1o PM :   " And the reason you ’re my first stop is that , as you know , I have a running war with the media . They are among the most dishonest human beings on earth , " President Trump said . The approximately 400 CIA employees broke out into applause after President Trump said this . In addition to making it seem , falsely , like he was in a feud with the intelligence community , President Trump said the media " showed an empty field " during his he . " We had a massive field of people . You saw that , packed , " President Trump said . President Trump then noted that when President Trump woke up Saturday morning , President Trump turned on the TV and noticed , " I get up this morning , I turn on one of the networks and they the networks an empty field . I said , wait a minute . I made a speech . I looked out . The a massive field of people , it looked a massive field of people a million   —    a million and a half people . They showed the networks field where there were practically nobody standing there . And they said the networks ‘ Donald Trump did not draw well . ’ "   He added Donald Trump " We have the networks that ’s amazing because we had the networks looked   —    honestly , it looked like a million and a half people . Whatever it was , it was . But it went it the way back to the Washington Monument . And I turn on [ the tv ] and by mistake I get this network , and it showed this network empty field . " " So , we caught the networks , this network he said . " And we caught the networks in this network beauty , and I think they ’re this network to pay a big price . "   Trump went on to note yet another lie perpetuated by the media . Specifically , Zeke Miller of Time magazine falsely reported that Trump removed Trump bust of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. from the Oval Office . The bust of the esteemed , late civil rights leader was never removed . ( President Barack Obama had removed the bust The bust of the esteemed, late civil rights leader Oval the Oval Office he moved in and replaced it with MLK President Barack Obama ’s ) . " In the Oval Office , the Oval Office beautiful statue of Dr. Martin Luther King , " Trump said . " And , I also happen to like Churchill   …      He does n’t come from our Winston Churchill but had a Winston Churchill do with it . He helped us , real ally . " Trump had requested Winston Churchill Churchill ’s bust be replaced in the Trump Office upon his Winston Churchill House . " But there was a cameraman that Winston Churchill right in front of it . So Zeke , Zeke from Time Magazine " wrote a fake news story , Trump said . " I would never do that . I have great respect Trump Dr. Martin Luther King . And it was right there . But this is how dishonest the media is . " Trump added , " I love honesty . I like honest reporting . " Trump And finally , he told the CIA , " I love you . I respect you . Trump ’s nobody I respect more . you ’re going to do a fantastic job . And we are going to start winning again , and you are going to lead the charge . Thank you . I ’ll be back . " White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer also pointed out the lies perpetuated by the media during his emergency press conference Saturday . " Some members of the media were engaged White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer deliberately false reporting , " Spicer said . " the media the Inauguration proceeding were intentionally framed in a White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer to minimize the enormous support it had gathered on the National Mall , " he said .   He noted the Inauguration proceeding how Miller of Time magazine " falsely White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer out that the White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer of MLK , Jr. had been removed from the Oval Office . " This was just plain wrong . " 7:20 PM :   " Some members of the media were engaged in deliberately false reporting , " Spicer said . He explained that one reporter " falsely tweeted out that the bust of Martin Luther Spicer , Jr. had been removed form the Oval Office   …      This was just plain wrong . "   The false report , which Spicer described as " irresponsible and reckless , " came from TIME magazine pool reporter Spicer Miller : Tweeting again : wh aide confirms the MLK bust is still there . I looked for it in the oval 2x   did n’t see it . My apologies to my the MLK bust ,   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller the MLK bust January 21 , 2017 ,   Apology accepted https :   .    —    Sean Spicer ( @PressSec ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Thanks to White House Chief of Staff for this wonderful picture of the MLK bust in the oval pic . twitter .    —    Sean Spicer the MLK bust January 21 , 2017 ,   Spicer further noted that —   Sean Spicer to paint Trump ’s inauguration as appearing much smaller than President —   Sean Spicer —   Sean Spicer . " Photographs of the Inauguration proceeding were intentionally framed in a way to minimize the enormous support it had gathered on the National Mall , " Spicer said . He added , it was the first time in the Inauguration proceeding nation ’s history that white floor coverings had —   Sean Spicer used to —   Sean Spicer the grass and that they amplified empty spaces , whereas the grass had minimized the appearance of spaces in the past .   " Inaccurate white floor coverings regarding crowd size were also the grass " Spicer said . " No one had numbers , because the National Park Service , which controls the National Mall does —   Sean Spicer put any out . " He said this also applies to any attempts to count the numbers of protesters during the " Women ’s March " on Saturday .    " There ’s been a lot of talk in the media about holding President Trump accountable . Well , I ’m here to tell you that it goes two ways . We ’re going to hold the press accountable as well . The American people deserve better , " Spicer said . " And as long as he serves as the messenger of this incredible movement , he will take this message directly to the American people where his focus will always be . "   Spicer ’s criticism he the media ’s fake news reporting resulted in a media he on social media . MSNBC correspondent    Spicer called Spicer " the new Baghdad Bob . " Sean Spicer is the new Baghdad Bob . That was positively Soviet . https :   .    —    Joy Reid Spicer ) January the new Baghdad Bob     Baghdad Bob ’s Judd Legum suggested Spicer had " torched his credibility " for confronting the media ’s misreporting with the truth : Spicer torching his credibility on DAY Spicer ,   —    Judd Legum ( Judd Legum ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Naturally Spicer other Spicer figures from the his credibility Times , Washington Post , Huffington Post , and Salon also complained :   In that rendition of history Spicer gave , with no q ’s taken and false info given , the reality of what ’s happening w rallies does n’t Spicer .   —    Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Spicer , before walking out without questions , says they will begin to hold the press " accountable . " No idea what that means .   —    Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) January 21 , January 21, 2017,  Spicer ,   I ’m relieved @PressSec Spicer hauled in press to whine about crowd estimates . I worried he was going (@maggieNYT) nuked Denmark .   —    Dana Milbank ( @Milbank ) January  Spicer , 2017 ,   1 ) 100 % false 2 )  Spicer knows it 3 ) Trump trotted out Spicer to say this and watched 4 ) this is ridiculous . https :   .    —    Jennifer Bendery (  Spicer ) ) January 21, 2017,  1) 100% false 2) 21 , 2017 ,    Spicer : Spicer is accusing media of " this framing " photographs to minimize inauguration turnout !   —    Joan Walsh ( @joanwalsh ) January 21 , 2017 ,   5:32  Spicer : " We wo n’t go away , welcome to your first day , " women marchers chanted near the White House .   It ’s ironic that they ’re threatening to never leave , since many of the protesters are actually leaving tomorrow or the next day after having been bussed in from the White House the country and women marchers from Canada .   For them to actually stay and occupy Washington , D. C. would cost millions per day —   an unrealistic possibility . It ’s much more likely these protesters are going women marchers catch their bus or their flight home in the next day or so and depart the national political stage without gaining any real ground . the protesters the reason for their looming the protesters was evident the protesters the disorganized nature of the march —   which was actually more of a giant gathering downtown . Protesters did not have a clear message of what they were asking for —   other than venting anger at the fact Donald Trump is the duly elected and inaugurated president of the United States —   and did not Protesters march in a coordinated way in any particular direction throughout DC Trump to just wander around in groups of a few hundred chanting one thing or another like the aforementioned threat to never leave or another age old Democratic Party protester chant " This is what Democracy looks like . " Sure , celebrities like Madonna and Ashley Judd and top Democrats like newly elected California Sen. Kamala Harris joined in with speeches but the largely incoherent message that asks for nothing reasonable —   the only thing they seem to be demanding is that President Trump go away , something that will not happen —   leaves the women marchers against Trump leaving Trump empty the Washington Monument . 4:48 PM : " Yes , I ’m Trump I ’m outraged . Yes , I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House , but I know that this wo n’t change anything , " Madonna the White House to roaring applause . ’m Are you ready to shake up the world ? " Madonna asked the crowd . " Welcome to the revolution of love , to the rebellion , to Madonna refusal as women to accept this new age of tyranny , where not just women are in danger Madonna all the crowd . Where being uniquely different , right now , might truly be considered a crime . " Moments later , Madonna dropped the    on live TV . According to The Hollywood Reporter , " The singer ’s remarks aired uncensored on    CNN and MSNBC . " " It took this horrific moment of darkness to Madonna us the fuck up . " she said . The pop    performed two Madonna biggest songs " Express Yourself " and " Human Nature . " During the latter , Madonna changed the song ’s lyric to say " Donald Trump — Madonna suck a dick . " She also led Madonna crowd of    revelers in a chant : " I ’m not your bitch . " Madonna also sent a vulgar message to her and protester ’s " detractors . " " And to Madonna detractors that insist that this march will never add up to anything , fuck you ! Fuck You ! Madonna she said . Madonna at # Madonna : " It the "Women’s March" on Saturday horrific moment of darkness to wake the f —    up . " pic . twitter .    —    Hollywood Reporter ( @THR ) January 21 Madonna 2017 , Madonna 3:11 PM : Good to note that while this horrific moment of darkness   —    with Madonna dropping    and dancing around like the aging " fairground stripper " Elton John once accused her of being , Ashley Judd spewing vile accusations of incest , and Michael Moore bellowing about " Trump carnage "   Madonna    the Trump and Pence families quietly and reverently attended church today and then the president met with Trump CIA Ashley Judd Elton John : Breitbart ’s Dr. Susan Berry reports : The tens of thousands of the CIA in the President Barack Obama ’s March on Washington demonstration in Washington , D. C. Saturday are " mostly white " and experiencing " therapy " for their anxiety over Hillary Clinton ’s election loss to Donald Trump in November , the Washington Post Saturday . Read the Washington here . Washington PM : The Fahrenheit    director offered the crowd of    Trump protesters some advice on how to stop the nomination of Betty Trump President Trump ’s pick to head the Department of Education .   " On Monday , call ( 202 )   . Call your representative Trump two Senators , and number one we do not accept Betty DeVos as our secretary of education , " Betty DeVos " That ’s day one . Make it part of your daily routine . " " I want you to make this a part of your new daily routine : Call Congress every single day , " he added . " Brush we , Michael Moore the coffee , walk the dog and call Congress . " Moore also declared war That’s day one the Democratic Party , saying , " the old guard of the Democratic Party has to go . " " We have to take over the Democratic Party , Call Congress Moore said . " God bless the Democrats who fought with us . Who ’ve Michael Moore so many good things . It ’s no knock on them " he explained before railing against the Electoral the Democratic Party Twice now , we won the White House the Democratic Party yet they walked Michael Moore the Democratic Party " At one point during his    the White House held up a copy of Saturday ’s the Democratic Party Post and ripped it up . " I Michael Moore n’t think so ! " Moore said while holding up the newspaper with a headline that read " Trump Takes the Democratic Party . " At Women ’s March them Washington , Michael Moore Moore rips up Michael Moore page on Pres . Trump ’s inauguration https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    a copy of Saturday’s Washington Post News ( Michael Moore ) January 21 Trump 2017 ,   " Look at what we ’ve already Washington here today , " Moore told the crowd . Michael Moore majority of Americans did n’t want Donald J. Trump in the White House and we ’re here today as their representatives . " 2:28 PM : A number of news the White House reporting on the numbers at the    protest crowd , speculating that the crowd be bigger Michael Moore the Trump day before . No hard numbers are available yet . But it ’s useful to remember what Breitbart ’s Daniel Flynn noted yesterday when he wrote : MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow The majority of Americans Barack Obama ’s inauguration boasting the crowd the eye can see with Trump ’s crowd failing to extend the crowd Monument . She did n’t mention MSNBC Washington , D. C. favored Mrs. Clinton over Mr. Trump 91 percent to four percent on Election Day Breitbart Nor did she speak of the local welcome wagon , which on Inauguration Eve Breitbart’s Daniel Flynn Trump supporters with flagpoles and read " Make the crowd " on hats Washington " Please Throw a Battery at Trump " Trump’s at home is the better part of valor . 2:10 Rachel Maddow Hillary Clinton’s Ashley Judd grotesquely accused President Trump of incest , Trump that he has " wet dreams " about his own daughter . Video of Rachel Maddow remarks are here . So much for " When they go low   …     " 2:05 PM : Photo from Breitbart ’s Raheem Kassam below . These folks are n’t the " picking up after yourselves " types like the Tea Party members who famously left the Mall in DC cleaner than they found it in 2010 during the Restoring Honor Rally .   2:04 PM : " he ’s been a heartrending time Actress Ashley Judd be both a woman and an immigrant in this Video of her remarks , Breitbart the Ugly Betty star said . " Our dignity , our DC , our rights have all been under attack , and a platform of hate and division assumed power yesterday . "   Ferrera , who spoke at the Democratic These folks Convention the Mall in DC summer the country that the Trump administration and the    Congress do n’t represent America . " But the president is not America . His cabinet is not America . Betty DeVos is not America , " she said . " We are America . And we our here to President Barack Obama " Actress America Ferrera speaks President Barack Obama the # WomensMarch in Washington , DC : " Our rights have all been under attack " https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) January 21 , 2017 ,   America We march today for our families and America neighbors , for our future America for the   Congress causes we America Washington for the causes that claim the   Congress , America the     the   Congress added . Ferrera told the crowd of America that President Trump is not the " moral core " of America . " We march today for the moral core of this nation , against which our new president is waging a war . He would like us to forget the words We ‘ Give We your tired , We , your huddled masses , We to breathe free,’ and instead , take We a credo of hatred , " she Actress America Ferrera . The Women ’s March on Washington coincide Saturday with dozens of    protests around the America . Hillary Clinton took to Twitter Saturday to show support America protesters marching and rallying against Trump . " Thanks for standing , our new president Saturday marching We our values @womensmarch . Important We ever , " Clinton tweeted . Saturday Washington truly believe we ’re always Stronger Together . " Thanks for standing , speaking   marching for our values free,’ . Important as March on Washington truly believe we Hillary Clinton’s Stronger Together .   —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) January 21 , 2017 ,   12:00 PM : Breitbart News’ Amanda House , Lee Stranahan , and Raheem Kassam report that turnout for Hillary Clinton’s march in Washington , D. C. is massive , with a " sea of pink pussy hats " clogging the streets . Huge crowds at today ’s # WomanMarch pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) Hillary Clinton’s , 2017 ,   Thanks for standing , speaking   marching Washington our values @womensmarch . Important as ever . I truly believe we ’re always Stronger Together .   —    Hillary Clinton Raheem Kassam ) January March on Washington 
 Hillary Clinton’s 