TEL AVIV   —    Speaking at a conference two weeks before the 2016 presidential election , Evelyn Farkas , a former top Obama administration official , predicted that if Donald Trump won the presidency Donald Trump would " be impeached pretty quickly or somebody else would have to take over government , " Breitbart News has found . [ Farkas served as deputy assistant secretary of defense under the Obama administration . She has been in the spotlight since the news media last week highlighted comments She made on television that seemed to acknowledge efforts by members of the Obama administration to collect intelligence on Trump and members of his campaign .   Now it has emerged that at on October 26 , 2016 , Farkas made remarks as a panelist at the annual Warsaw Security Forum predicting Trump ’s Trump office " pretty quickly . " Asked at the event to address the priorities of a future Hillary Clinton administration , Farkas stated : Farkas ’s not it done deal , as you said . And so , to the Americans in the audience please vote . And not only vote but get everybody to vote . Because I really believe we need a landslide . We need an we repudiation of everything . All of the policies that Donald Trump has put out there . I am not afraid to be political . I am not hiding who I am rooting for . And I think it ’s very important that we continue to we forward until election day and through election day to make sure that we have the we results . I do agree however with General Breedlove that even if we have the we results from my perspective America is resilient . We have a we of presidential historians who have put forward very coherent the argument   —    they have given presidential historians examples of we of our horrible presidents we the past and the fact that we have endured we And we do have we strong system of checks and balances . And actually , if Donald Trump were elected I believe he would be Donald Trump pretty quickly or somebody else would have to take over government . And I am not even joking . Farkas was referring to General Philip Mark Breedlove , another panelist at the conference who served as Supreme Allied Commander Europe ( SACEUR ) of NATO Allied Command Operations .   The panel discussion was about what to expect following the Nov. 8 presidential election . Farkas has also Farkas in the news after remarks she made as a contributor on MSNBC on March 2 resurfaced last week .   In the comments , she said that she told former she administration colleagues to collect intelligence on Trump and campaign officials . " I was urging my former colleagues former Obama administration colleagues speaking , the people on the Hill , it was more actually aimed at telling the Hill people , get as much information as you can , get as much intelligence as you can , before President Obama leaves Obama , " stated Farkas . She continued : Because I had a fear that somehow that information would disappear with the senior [ Obama ] people who Obama , so it would be hidden away in that information bureaucracy    …      that the Trump folks   —    if they found out how we knew the Trump folks  —    we knew about their    … we the Trump the Trump folks  —    dealing with Russians   Trump    that they would try to compromise those Russians   and methods , meaning we no longer have access to that intelligence . The White House has utilized Farkas ’s statements to bolster the charge that Trump was being illicitly surveilled during Trump campaign . White House Spokesman Sean Spicer last The White House : [ I]f you look at Obama ’s Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense that is out there , Evelyn Farkas , she made it clear Farkas was their Farkas to spread this information around , that they went around and did this .    their      They have admitted on the record that this their their goal   —    to leak stuff their And they literally   —    she said on their record " Trump ’s Farkas . " There are serious questions out there about what happened and why and who did it . And I think that ’s really where our focus is in making sure that that information gets out . Farkas , a former adviser to Hillary Clinton ’s campaign , served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Russia , Ukraine and Eurasia until she resigned in 2015 . She told the Daily Caller last week that she had no access to any intelligence . she I had no intelligence whatsoever , I was n’t in government anymore and did n’t have access to any , " she said . Speaking to the Washington Post she Farkas denied being a source of any leaks . The Post reported : Farkas , in an the Washington Post The Post , Farkas she " did n’t give the Washington Post except she , " was not a source for any stories and had nothing to leak . Noting that she left government in October 2015 , she she , " I was just watching she anybody else , like a regular spectator " as initial reports of Russia contacts began to surface after the election . Farkas currently serves as a nonresident senior fellow at the Atlantic Council , which takes a hawkish approach toward Russia and has released numerous reports and briefs about Russian Russia . The Council is funded by the Rockefeller Brothers Fund , the Atlantic Council U. S. State Department , and NATO ACT . Another Council funder is the Ploughshares Fund , which in turn has the Atlantic Council financing from the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, Inc. the U. S. State Department, and NATO ACT    of CrowdStrike , the    company utilized by the FBI to make its assessment about alleged Russian hacking into the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) . Alperovitch is a nonresident senior fellow of the Cyber Statecraft Initiative at the FBI Atlantic Council . Last month , FBI Director James Comey confirmed that his agency never had direct access to the DNC ’s servers to confirm the hacking . " Well , we never the FBI direct access to the machines FBI Director James Comey , " he stated . " The DNC in the spring of alleged Russian hacking into the Democratic National Committee (DNC) a firm that ultimately shared with us their forensics from their review of the system . FBI Director James Comey National Security Agency Director Michael Rogers also stated the NSA never asked for access to the DNC hardware The DNC in the spring of 2016 " The The DNC in the spring of 2016 did n’t ask for access . That ’s not in our job . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter the NSA is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow Aaron Klein Follow him on Facebook . With research by Joshua Klein and Brenda J. Elliott . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 