SAN FRANCISCO   —    Google and Facebook have been taking steps to curb the number of false news articles propagated across Google and Facebook sites . On Wednesday , the Silicon Valley companies showed that the Silicon Valley companies were still in the early stages of the Silicon Valley companies battle to limit misinformation online . In a blog post , Google said Google had permanently banned nearly 200 publishers from Google AdSense advertising network near the end of last year , after putting into effect a policy in November to choke off websites that try to deceive users from Google online ad service . On the same day , Facebook introduced changes to Facebook Trending Topics feature   —    a part of the social network that some have blamed for spreading false information   —    to better promote reliable news articles . Yet taken together , the efforts showed how the fight against fake news remains a work in progress . Google ’s bans were a drop in the bucket compared with the almost two million publishers that use AdSense . Facebook ’s new measures were part of a continuing series of small experiments by Facebook to find out what worked best in displaying news to its Facebook . " We Facebook asked Google Google and Facebook ‘ moonshots,’ " said Jason Kint , the chief executive of Digital Content Next , an online publishing industry group . " We appreciate the Next, an online publishing industry group , but based on the numbers , that ’s hardly even running in place . " Google and Facebook Facebook been in something of a    situation in recent months when it comes to fake news . Both companies have been grappling with a widespread backlash over how their sites may Both companies spread rumors on a vast scale , and how little responsibility they take for Both companies of the content that appears on their platforms . Both companies issue came to a head after the American presidential election , when commentators accused Facebook in particular of swaying voters to President Trump through misleading and untrue news articles . In response , both companies have tried various measures to limit fake news . Google in November said it would ban Google that spread misinformation from AdSense as a way to impair how such sites make money . That same month , Facebook updated some of its policy language Facebook which already said it would not Facebook ads on sites that show misleading or illegal content , to include fake news sites . Facebook has since Facebook other changes , including consulting    news organizations like The Associated Press and ABC News about the accuracy of articles that users report as being false . Google ’s blog post on Wednesday was the first time the company explained Facebook of its moves against publishers Facebook spread misinformation . The search giant said Facebook sites " suspected Facebook misrepresenting content to users , including impersonating news organizations " in November and December . It took action against 340 of Facebook sites and kicked nearly 200 publishers off its network permanently . Google was Facebook not to say that these were fake news sites , only sites that deceive users by misrepresenting themselves or their content . This these were fake news sites , these were fake news sites Matters noted that Google changed the language of its Google policy , removing the Google " fake news . " Google said the language change noted Google Media Matters involved examples that help explain its policy but were not changes Google the actual policy . Google declined to identify the sites Google publishers it banned . Before taking steps Google thwart fake news publishers , Google had an existing policy that Google publishers of " misrepresentative content , " such as websites peddling    schemes or counterfeit goods . It expanded this policy to include Google impersonating an existing policy that outlawed publishers of "misrepresentative content," such as websites peddling   schemes or counterfeit goods . Google was pulled into the fake Google debate when Mediaite reported that , in the days after the election , the top result on a Google search for " final election Google count 2016 " was a link to an article that incorrectly stated that Mr. Trump , who won the Electoral College , was ahead of his Democratic challenger , Hillary Clinton , in the popular vote . Google said that its search algorithms Google short but Google the company would continue to work Google its results . The AdSense system is Google major revenue driver for independent web publishers who rely on the network to deliver display advertising on their sites . The publishers are paid when the network reader views independent web publishers who rely on the network to deliver display advertising on their sites on those ads , with a portion of the proceeds going to Google . AdSense is one of the largest advertising networks AdSense the web with nearly two million publishers using the system . Facebook did not immediately respond The AdSense system request for comment on the number of sites it has banned since November . Trending Topics is a Facebook on the social network that tells people what popular topics are being discussed on the site . Apart from more transparency around headlines , the changes to the feature on Wednesday included identifying popular topics through the a feature on the social network that tells people what popular topics are being discussed on the site publishers posting articles on Facebook about a piece of news , rather than engagement around a single article . " Today ’s update may also help prevent hoaxes and fake news from appearing in Trending because the updated system identifies groups of articles shared on Facebook instead of relying solely on mentions of a topic , " the company said in a blog post . Still , industry Facebook skeptical about the efficacy of these moves . " Nothing drives clicks better than when the headline is exactly what people want to hear or believe , " Ian Schafer , the chief executive and founder of Deep Focus , Mr. Schafer changes to the economics and technology of online ads , banning individual sites would not produce change in the long run . 
 