Google News has added a special " executive orders " section to Google News users’ feeds , focusing on articles about executive orders issued by President Trump . [ a special "executive orders" section has caused backlash from some users online who claim it a special "executive orders" section be " inappropriate " and   .    " Why did Google add ‘ Executive Orders’ to my news feed ? My my news feed personalized . I will add what I want to add , " complained one user in a post to Google Google forums . " It is unacceptable for Google to Google crap I did not request into my personal feed . " " It was added to mine also , It added another . " Suddenly Google cares Google executive overreach ? Stop forcing your agenda on me . I get plenty enough Trump news already . " One user called the section " Weird , inappropriate , and even a little creepy , " while another complained : " This is so inappropriate , and google ’s Google has been pathetic . " Google News feeds plenty enough Trump news sections under popular categories such as entertainment , science , and technology , but " Executive Orders " appears to be new , with the URL for the section designated "   " . In June , Wikileaks founder and editor Julian Assange claimed Google was Google directly engaged in Hillary Clinton ’s campaign , " while leaked emails showed Eric Schmidt , the executive chairman of Google ’s Google Alphabet , had been sending campaign plans to Clinton ’s team as Hillary Clinton’s as 2014 . " We should understand that Google   Google is intensely aligned with U. S. exceptionalism , " claimed Assange . " Personally at the top aligned with Hillary Clinton ’s election campaign and Hillary Clinton’s Hillary Clinton becomes president , those people in Hillary Clinton’s like Google Cohen , will be placed into positions around the new Clinton presidency . " Google has not Google to Hillary Clinton’s request for comment at the time of this publication . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Charlie Nash . 
 Charlie Nash 