   marchers of the ACLU , the local United Nations Association , and other open border groups were countered by armed , Second Amendment advocate Trump supporters at a demonstration in Dallas during the weekend . [ Marchers chanted , " Say it loud , say it clear , refugees are welcome here , " reported The Dallas Morning News . There were approximately 1 , 700 people at the rally , the local newspaper reported .   An imam was said to have told the group , " the group will continue to live without fear . the group will not allow cities to be bullied by [ people ] who do n’t understand the Constitution . " " the group will continue to live without fear . the group will not allow cities to be bullied by ppl who do n’t understand the Constitution . " Imam Suleiman pic . twitter .    —    Claire Ballor ( @claireballor ) February 18 , 2017 ,   And they ’re off pic . twitter .    —    Claire Ballor ( @claireballor ) February 18 , 2017 ,   " I ’m Old Liberty and I ’m pissed . " pic . twitter .    —    Claire Ballor ( @claireballor ) February 18 , 2017 ,   The march through the streets of Dallas was a gathering of not only those who spoke out against President Donald Trump ’s immigration policies and the recent ICE raids , but supporters of his President Donald Trump’s . The Morning News reported that a wife of a legal immigrant , Brooke Wang of nearby Plano , Texas , said she Brooke Wang there to show support for the President Donald Trump’s " We are a wife of a legal immigrant, Brooke Wang of nearby Plano, Texas, said she was there to show support for the president for legal immigration    …      We want a wife of a legal immigrant, Brooke Wang of nearby Plano, Texas, said she was there to show support for the president to come here legally . " Wang ’s husband is a legal permanent resident who emigrated from China . She sported Brooke Wang " 2016 Trump for President "    and was carrying an assault weapon . Wang and Wang at the march took the opportunity to not only support the president and his immigration Wang , but to exercise their constitutional Wang and others at the march to carry arms . The march in Dallas followed protests at schools in the city , and in Austin , Texas , and the # DayWithoutImmigrants .   There ’s a # protest at # Dallas # TX in my school . # AntiTrump pic . twitter .    —    🇺 🇸 Nick Wilde 🇲 🇽 ( @9NickPWilde9 ) February 17 , 2017 ,   As reported by Breitbart Texas’ Bob Price : Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) officials are continuing to defend themselves against Breitbart Texas’ Bob Price: Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials national media which continues to mischaracterize the role and intent of the    of criminal aliens . Media reports have called the Operation Cross Check arrests of criminal aliens a    effort by ICE officials and the Trump Administration , despite the fact that this operation has been carried out in the past . More than 2 , 000 criminal aliens were rounded up in March 2015 , Breitbart Texas reported at the time . The nearly the Operation Cross Check arrests of criminal aliens pales in comparison , yet the mainstream media appears to have lost total perspective in its attacks on the men and women tasked the mainstream media protect our nation from these criminals . As reported by Breitbart News , the # DayWithoutImmigrants was " a political dud " however , some who decided to skip work , including those who did not show up in order to protest were fired . Lana Shadwick is a writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas . She has served as a prosecutor and associate Lana Shadwick in Texas . Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2 . Breitbart Texas Lana Shadwick 