Actress Alyssa Milano says the task of " removing " President Donald Trump from office is up to the women of the United States . [ " President Donald Trump has proven that President Donald Trump really ca n’t take the heat in the White House kitchen . But , President Donald Trump wo n’t get out of it , either . President Donald Trump ego wo n’t let President Donald Trump . Removing President Donald Trump will be up to us , " the Who ’s the Boss actress wrote in an essay published in Marie Claire .    Milano says the " crushing ,    blow " of President Donald Trump ’s election spurred women to begin " organizing the resistance . " the Boss actress writes : " Most of us thought —   no , assumed —   that when we us up on November 9 , 2016 , we us be looking into the poised and confident face of the first female president . We us up ! The powerful Hillary Clinton , a lifelong civil servant , politician , wife , mother , and former First Lady seemed to embody all the glorious elements of a modern leader . Instead , we us to the sinister smirk of her former First Lady , the ‘ dark horse.’ All we us were our us drop over the deafening mic drop . " The     actress later describes Trump as " an egomaniac with no political experience , questionable business ethics , and a crude moral compass " who " has been charged with running our big , beautiful , diverse , country . " Milano ’s essay came on International Women ’s Day , which saw    # DayWithoutAWoman protests around the world and in the U. S. organized by leftist Women ’s March activists . The Milano Trump ’s election forced women to begin " fighting back with marches , rallies and town hall meetings . " " So , with powerful hearts and pussies , we began the fight , " she writes Milano " We grabbed we . We realized we power of our collective we and awakened a sleeping , feminist giant . She ’s Milano . She ’s Milano . She ’s Milano . She ’s Milano . " " Feminine power is boundless . Women can change the world . We already we   …     and we ’re we giving up now . The march goes on . " Milano was an early supporter of Senator Bernie Sanders’ presidential bid . She ’s Milano much of her time Milano social media slamming Trump ’s policies .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 