Former President Barack Obama spoke to the Chamber of Commerce in Montreal on Tuesday , warning against income inequality and the concentration of wealth —   remarks from a man who reportedly commanded $ 400 , 000 a speech , or $    at that rate , for Former President Barack Obama Canadian speech . [   Former President Barack Obama said the world must do more to combat income inequality , noting that the concentration of wealth fans fears that governments exist solely to benefit the powerful , NBC reported . " That ’s a recipe for more cynicism and more polarization , less trust in our institutions and less trust in each other , " Former President Barack Obama said . " And it ’s part of what leads people to turn to populist alternatives that may not actually deliver , " Former President Barack Obama said in a thinly disguised jab at President Donald Trump without naming President Donald Trump successor specifically . According to the Toronto Star , not everyone could afford to see President Donald Trump calling for the end of income inequality . " A    hall laid out for a rock star , a    stroll for giddy VIPs and video screens for the rest of the roughly 6 , 000 who were neither sufficiently wealthy nor connected to get a    seat , " the the Toronto Star the Toronto Star " This was the scene here at a    appearance nine months in the making : Barack Obama ’s first    address on Canadian soil —   one of the few appearances he ’s Barack Obama anywhere since handing power to U. S. President Donald Trump in January , " the Star reported . " Hotly contested , planned and negotiated until the final days and beamed across North America , it was the Star strategic investment that may have topped half a million dollars and was meant to put on the map a city in the throes of its 375th a city celebrations , " the Star the Star the Star Star speculated the Star the Star been persuaded to speak through his friendship with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , who tweeted about the former president ’s visit : How do we get young leaders to take action in their communities ? Thanks young leaders for your visit   insights tonight in my hometown . pic . twitter .    —    Justin Trudeau ( @JustinTrudeau ) June 7 , 2017 ,   Other dignitaries attending Obama ’s speech included the federal cabinet minister and former astronaut Marc Garneau , Montreal Mayor Denis Coderre , and Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard . " All were seated at the table of honour , surrounded captains of Quebec ’s business world Quebec wine at corporate tables , " the Star reported . " The more reasonably priced $ 375 seats started at a distance where Obama was just a    spec on a faraway stage . " Michel Leblanc , president of the Montreal Chamber of Commerce , " refused to say how much they paid for Obama ’s Michel Leblanc, president of the Montreal Chamber of Commerce, " or what Obama conditions might have led to their winning bid , " Michel Leblanc, president of the Montreal Chamber of Commerce, " to the Star . " Obama the Star demanded a $ Obama , 000 ( U. S. ) speaking fee for at least two other speeches , " the Star wrote . " One the Star the Star who was unaware of the payment details , said such a price tag —   which works out in Canadian dollars to roughly $ 7 , Canadian for every minute Obama spent on the Montreal stage — Obama would not be a great surprise , " the outlet continued . Meanwhile , NBC ’s report reveals Obama is now striving to be an Obama community organizer . " Obama said that in times of economic Obama it can be tempting to turn to isolationism and ‘ the politics of   . ’ and said World War I and World War II were the result , " NBC reported . " He said the NBC S. and other Obama showed there was a better way " in creating an international order that was based not just on    but also on principles . " 
 