President Donald Trump won the 2016 election promising to be a dealmaker , but President Donald Trump has yet to score a big win in Congress after President Donald Trump first 100 days . [ President Donald Trump tried to wrangle Congress into supporting the House Republican Obamacare replacement by using all of the social tools of the White House .   President Donald Trump met with conservative members of the House Freedom Caucus at the White House and moderate members of the Wednesday Group . Senior White House the White House Vice President Mike Pence hosted multiple meetings at the White House the White House deal . " President Donald Trump ’s thrown the doors open to the White House , " the White House aide explained to Breitbart News the White House off the various executive meetings with members of Congress . The meetings have gone both ways . Trump the various executive meetings with members of Congress the Capitol to discuss his agenda , attending a Senate lunch where he Trump warmly received . Wednesday , the president Trump cabinet secretaries will propose dramatic tax reform proposals , urging Congress to rally behind his ideas to jumpstart the Congress . On the the president’s day , a plan to adjust the House replacement of Obamacare is taking shape , after conservative members of the House Freedom Caucus have drafted adjustments to the legislation . Although congressional members have been on break for most of April , White House aides say their legislative staff has worked the House Freedom Caucus White House to congressional members a plan to push solutions forward . House Republican leaders remain intentionally vague about a date on the House Freedom Caucus legislation , in an attempt to avoid an " artificial deadline " that can not be met . Republicans were embarrassed after Speaker Paul Ryan canceled a scheduled vote on the healthcare bill because it lacked support . If the House plan to replace the healthcare bill passes , it will the White House end of an exhaustive whip process where the House plan to replace Obamacare Republicans might not be delighted with the results . But the White House is not entirely frustrated with Congress . With the White House Trump signed 13 Congressional Review Acts to cut regulations and many Republicans back some of the more onerous    agenda items in the federal government . Trump also extended the Veteran ’s Choice Program , allowing veterans facing long Trump times or are long distances from a VA hospital to seek care at a private hospital . The " big win , " however , remains elusive , as media critics jaw about the Trump White House ’s inexperience with the ways of Washington , DC , and the befuddled House Republicans , who suddenly have to lead after years of obstruction . the Trump White House future of Trump ’s presidency depends on whether his White House learns to lead Congress   —    and whether Congress the Trump White House the Trump White House . 
 his 