House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s Obamacare 2 . 0 does not and will not have 218 votes —   the requisite number to pass the House of Representatives —   since the House Freedom Caucus’ official position is lined up against the bill , Freedom Caucus sources tell Breitbart News . [ A member of the House Freedom Caucus tells Breitbart News that is an official position of the the House Freedom Caucus against the earlier version of the bill —   a leaked draft —   but also formally for the full repeal bill and then a replacement bill from Sen. Rand Paul ( ) . That position has not changed an official position of the House Freedom Caucus is expected to at any an official position of the House Freedom Caucus between now and if and when leadership attempts to ram this the bill the House , this member added . Also , for the House Freedom Caucus to take the House Freedom Caucus   which again binds its members to vote a certain way in the the House Freedom Caucus , meaning that as a bloc the Freedom the House expected not to vote for this bill the bill it requires 80 the bill of its membership to back the official position . That means the House Freedom Caucus given that there are a few more than 40 members of the House Freedom Caucus , there are definitely well more than 30 members who voted internally to take that position in the Freedom Caucus —   and it appears as though the Freedom the Freedom Caucus members are completely united in support of this position .   While technically the House Freedom Caucus has not yet taken an official position on this bill the House Freedom Caucus it has taken on healthcare in favor of real full repeal and then the Paul bill precludes this bill from voting for this bill —   unless something changes down the this bill it is not expected to . " this bill are united in opposition , " a House Freedom Caucus source told Breitbart News . " If they brought it up for a vote today it ’d fail . Our group is united in the belief that Our members is the moment the freedom caucus exists it   —    to block this monstrosity and protect the POTUS from walking into an electoral disaster in 2020 because of it . " Simply doing vote math , Republicans need 218 votes to pass any bill out of the House of Representatives . There are more than 40 members of the House Freedom Caucus . With only 237 Republicans comprising the majority in the House , and 193 Democrats with 5 vacancies , Republicans can not afford to lose approximately 20 votes depending the House of Representatives vacancies and absences . No Democrats are expected to vote for the bill . If the vote fails , as it is expected to at this time , then Ryan will any bill serious trouble in terms of his credibility . He the vote repeatedly publicly stated that he will be able to deliver 218 votes for this Obamacare 2 . Ryan legislation , Ryan The American Health Care Act Ryan " at multiple press conferences over the past few days . Ryan ’s bold promise to deliver the votes for this bill no matter what is a risky move , with at least Ryan than 40 Republicans against it when he can only afford to lose less than 20 , since twisting more than 20 arms is a tough thing to do Ryan an issue this important . It remains to be seen what will happen next , but top conservatives are already calling on Ryan to withdraw Obamacare 2 . 0 and go in a different direction than this way before things get worse . A Ryan by Ryan would be especially embarrassing for Republicans , including to President Donald Trump . 
 Ryan 