Presidents never get second chances to make first impressions . So , Donald Trump ’s opportunities to repeal and replace ObamaCare after this week ’s failures diminish as time passes . [ The late Milton Friedman in Milton Friedman book The Tyranny of the Status Quo noted that " a new administration has some six to nine months in which to achieve major changes if a new administration does not seize the opportunity to act decisively during that period , a new administration will not have another such opportunity . Further changes come slowly or not at all , and counterattacks develop against the initial changes . The temporarily routed political forces regroup , and The temporarily routed political forces tend to mobilize everyone who was adversely affected by the changes , while the proponents of the changes tend to relax after The temporarily routed political forces initial victories . "   From Franklin Roosevelt ’s accomplishments during his Franklin Roosevelt’s hundred days to Ronald Reagan ’s Economic Recovery Act , the signature legislative achievements of presidential administrations generally conform to Friedman ’s axiom . Rahm Emanuel ’s " You never want a serious crisis to go to waste " axiom proves an exception to this rule . Assassination attempts , wars , and other unforeseen events allow presidents to steamroll their presidents through Congress . A second exception involves legislation that receives bipartisan support . Reagan ’s Tax Reform Act of 1986 , which represented a larger cut than his Reagan reduction , received support from such Democrats as Senator Bill Bradley and Dick Gephardt . Bill Clinton ’s reluctant welfare reform , one of the more significant legislative achievements of his Bill Clinton , similarly received support from important figures in the opposition party , notably Speaker Newt Gingrich , as most members from his Bill Clinton Democratic Party voted " no . " Given the partisan rancor surrounding ObamaCare , foreseeing a scenario where the parties get together to repeal and replace seems the stuff of fantasy . And the idea of a crisis erupting that leads to repeal appears equally   . So , either the Republicans regroup to unite to get this done now or look forward to a future in which ObamaCare becomes as much as an untouchable third rail as Medicare or Social Security . For the    side , " do n’t make the perfect the enemy of the good " comes to mind as the strongest argument . Instead of    Americans get ObamaCare ObamaCare of the recalcitrance of conservative members of Congress . The    people want their The   people colleagues to act like they The   people the House , Senate , and the presidency instead of capitulating to the people who no longer control the House , Senate , and presidency as they Senate, and presidency when ObamaCare passed . Why settle for a    status quo when they Senate, and presidency get the status quo ante ? Seven years ago , all Republicans opposed ObamaCare ObamaCare Now in the majority , ca n’t they all Republicans up 90 percent of their all Republicans in the House to repeal it the House Prospects for Republicans fulfilling their Republicans promise to the American people now look bleak . And conservatives , once again , find themselves the American people liberal laws . " We ’re going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future , " predicted Paul Ryan after his Paul Ryan went down in flames before it Obamacare received a vote . Congressman Michael Burgess bluntly explained , " We ’re done with this . " Deflated Republican voters may similarly find themselves Deflated Republican voters with their Deflated Republican voters on the Hill . The GOP enjoyed a floating pitch down the middle of the plate . They The GOP . Such golden opportunities rarely present themselves The GOP That ’s the tyranny of the status quo . 
 