( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Divisions deepened   over President Trump ’s order barring entry to refugees and citizens from seven    countries . Some of President Trump’s supporters applauded the order President Trump’s order barring entry to refugees and citizens from seven   countries other citizens organized on social networks , business leaders registered objections , and State Department diplomats circulated a    dissent cable . The White House press secretary said government workers should " get with the program " or go . Donations poured into the A. C. L. U. and other rights groups , lawsuits proliferated and acting Attorney General Sally Yates , a holdover from the Obama administration , was fired after she ordered the Justice Department State Department the order in court . President Obama    saying through a spokesman that the order was discriminatory and the order in court was " heartened by the a spokesman of engagement taking place in communities around the country . " You can see more of our coverage here   —    including Iran ’s missile launch , a test of Mr. Trump . Above , Syrian families at a U. N. office in Beirut , Lebanon . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . We took a look at why the order sparked such chaos . It received little or no legal the order . The secretary of homeland security , above , was not asked for guidance , and Customs and Border Protection officers were unaware of it . And we collected the the order of people covered by the ban , which delayed families from reuniting and students returning to universities in the U. S. The U. N. estimates 20 , 000 refugees would n’t be able to be resettled during the    suspension . Here ’s a look at the rigorous vetting process refugees already face the debate over whether the ban is legal and our updated explainer about the executive order . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . President Trump appeared to try to shift the public ’s focus to another hot topic , by tweeting that he would announce his pick for President Trump Supreme Court President Trump Tuesday at 8 p. m. Our legal reporter says abortion rights and affirmative action appear secure for now , but unions and environmentalists have cause for concern . And this may not be Mr. Trump ’s only appointment during his term . _ _ _ Mr. Trump _ 4 . Messages of solidarity poured into Canada from around the world after a shooting at a Quebec mosque that left six dead . Prime Minister Justin Trudeau assailed what he called " this terrorist attack Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Muslims in a center of worship and refuge , " and issued a statement saying : " It is    to see such senseless violence . Diversity is our strength , and religious tolerance is a value that we , as Canadians , hold dear . " Local media reported that the     suspect had a history of provocative views and antisocial behavior . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . The    " nerd prom " that is normally the White House Correspondents’ Association dinner has some competition . The comedian Samantha Bee promises to " properly roast the president " at " Not the White House Correspondents’ Dinner " the same night , April 29 . The lineup has not been finalized but she says there are " binders The comedian Samantha Bee " of possibilities . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . The Ringling Bros. and Barnum   Bailey Circus is shutting down , after dwindling attendance and criticism from animal rights’ groups . Some extreme fans are extremely upset . They include a Queens man who Some extreme fans created a scale model of the circus at Madison Square Garden Bailey Circus . The president of the Circus Fans Association of America got existential , saying , " To me , the circus has always been The president of the Circus Fans Association of America elixir Bailey Circus . When I visit the circus , I ’m 5 years old Bailey Circus I have no life span . That immortality has been destroyed . " _ _ _ _ _ 7 . The personal stenographer of the Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels died in Munich at 106 . Brunhilde Pomsel was one of the last surviving members of the group that hid in a Berlin bunker with Hitler in his final days . " We tried to make Hitler we did n’t run out of alcohol , " We said . " That was urgently needed in order to retain the numbness . " _ _ _ _ _ 8 . The ground cracks underfoot , and    pools of acidic water bubble between odd formations of rocks and minerals . Sulfur and chlorine create neon patches . In fact , the Danakil Depression in Ethiopia , an oppressively hot and dry volcanic region , might as well be Mars . That ’s precisely why scientists visited , hoping to learn about the possibility of life on other planets . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . When the Falcons and the Patriots   meet in the Super Bowl this Sunday , the average cost of a    ad will be in the vicinity of $ 5 million . One novelty : Snickers aims to do the game ’s first live commercial , starring Adam Driver ( above in cardboard form ) from the HBO series " Girls . " _ _ _ _ _ 10 . A new documentary , " Becoming Warren Buffett , " looks at the personal relationships of America ’s most famous investor , the     tycoon said to be worth $ 74 billion . " People watching it expecting to learn how to buy cheap stocks will be disappointed , " Mr. Buffett said with a chuckle during a telephone interview . ( 10 p. m. Eastern , HBO and streaming ) _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , a note about apologies . Most times when we say , " I ’m sorry , " it ’s for something trivial . But when it matters , watch your wording . Psychologists and it experts say the best apologies are short and do n’t include rationalizations or requests for forgiveness . And " I ’m sorry you feel that way " really means ’m I ’m not really sorry at all . " Photographs ’m appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. Your Evening Briefing and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s Friday night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 