Former presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders had a message for California ’s Democrats on Saturday : " Please lead the country and pass the    bill . " [ Former presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders was speaking in Beverly Hills , according to the Sacramento Bee , where Former presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders was accepting an award from Consumer Watchdog , a    organization devoted to consumer advocacy .   Democrats , who hold a    majority in the state legislature that allows them to pass bills virtually at will , are currently considering a " " health care system , also called " socialized medicine , " in which the state would cover the cost of health insurance and health care for everybody in California . The " Healthy California Act , " SB 562 , promises : " to guarantee that every resident of California will receive comprehensive healthcare services . It ’s like Medicare for All . " The legislation took a step towards passage late last month with a hearing in the State Senate . The Senate Health Committee voted    to approve the bill , which will now continue The Senate Health Committee circuitous pass through the State Senate before proceeding to a final vote . Town halls and rallies have been staged across the state the State Senate the legislation , which has the backing of the powerful California nursing unions . However , Governor Jerry Brown is opposed to the idea , which he said in Governor Jerry Brown was too costly . " Where do you get the extra money ? This is the whole question , " he told the Governor Jerry Brown Angeles Times . Sanders ’s home Governor Jerry Brown of Vermont recently tried to implement a    system   —    and failed . Sanders was evidently Governor Jerry Brown by the experience . " The great state of California can send a message that will be heard all over this country , and all over the world if you pass    here , " he said on Governor Jerry Brown . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named Joel B. Pollak of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the Joel B. Pollak of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter The Inside Story of a Revolution @joelpollak . This post has been updated to note Vermont ’s    experience . 
 