The head of the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) Scott Pruitt , has called for America to " exit " the Paris Climate Agreement signed by Barack Obama last November . [ In an interview with FOX and Friends , Scott Pruitt said that " Paris [ agreement ] is something that we need to really look at closely . It ’s something we need to exit in my opinion . "   " It ’s a bad deal for America , " FOX continued . " It was an America second , third , or fourth kind of approach . China and India had no obligations under the agreement until 2030 . China and India    all of China and India costs . " Pruitt ’s comments increase the likelihood the U. S. will pull out of the agreement , which requires governments to present national plans to reduce emissions to limit global temperature rise , as well as regularly report on as well progress . Pruitt has previously referred to the agreement as a " bad deal , " but has never openly called for America to quit . During Pruitt presidential campaign , Donald Trump was a prominent critic of the deal , promising to " cancel " it , and this week Pruitt refused to sign a statement endorsing the agreement as a "bad deal . Although Trump Donald Trump not instantly pull America America , Pruitt could initiate the process for the America exit . Since taking office , Trump has Donald Trump a range of environmental legislation —   including Barack Obama ’s climate orders —   with a plan to focus on energy independence and revitalize the coal industry . In his first White House budget , Trump also Donald Trump a 31 percent cut to the EPA ’s overall budget . However , reports in March suggested that members of Trump ’s Donald Trump team were divided over pulling out of the deal , with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and his own daughter Ivanka advising him not his pull the plug over concerns it would the plug major allies . On Thursday , Energy Secretary Rick Perry confirmed that his department Energy Secretary Rick Perry conducting a review of all energy policy , adding that it was his department is conducting a review of all energy policy the right to do . " You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at Ben Kew . com 
 