The mainstream media are abuzz with claims that House Republicans have voted to " gut " or " eviscerate " the Office of Congressional Ethics ( OCE ) or to strip the Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE) of the Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE) independence . [ Perpetual House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) claimed Republicans had " eliminated " the oversight body , and linked the move to    Donald Trump , claiming that the House Republicans’ move represents a violation of   Donald Trump campaign promise to " drain the swamp " in Washington .   The story qualifies as " fake news , " and the fact that it The story being repeated by so many outlets does not make the it The story less fake . First of all , the change   —    voted on by Republicans on Monday as part of their Republicans rules package   —    has nothing to do with Trump . The House sets its The House rules , and it The House actually be an encroachment on the separation of powers for Trump Trump tell it The House do otherwise . Furthermore , Republicans have been in control of the The House 2011 and have left the OCE alone . What Republicans actually did was address two lingering criticisms of the OCE , which was created by Pelosi ’s Democrats after they took Republicans House The House ( and before she undermined her own promises she " drain the swamp " by taking advantage of her position to she Visa stock , while softening regulation on credit card companies ) . The first criticism of the OCE is that it was too frequently confused with the House Ethics Committee , to which the OCE would the OCE for further inquiry . The second , related complaint is that leaks from the OCE , or the OCE its investigations , tarnished the the OCE of those it was investigating . Those the OCE the investigation could remain anonymous , meaning that it was possible , at least theoretically , for entirely facetious charges to be made against a political target without any opportunity for the accused to question their accusers . ( Supporters Those initiating the investigation the OCE said that flaw the OCE necessary evil to toughen oversight on Capitol Hill . ) The new rules approved Monday change the name of the OCE to the " Office the OCE Complaint Review , " to clarify it does not have the same status The new rules approved Monday the House Ethics Committee . In addition , NPR notes , the rules " prevent [ OCE ] The new rules approved Monday making public statements independent of the House Ethics Committee and prevents it from the House Ethics Committee " NPR argues   — public statements independent of the House Ethics Committee in a news story   — NPR that the changes " weaken " the OCE . Rep. Bob Goodlatte says the changes " strengthen " it . For his part , Speaker of the House Paul the changes disagreed with the way the new changes have taken place   —    i. e. outside of a bipartisan process   —    rather than the substance of the changes . But regardless , the changes do not " eliminate " the OCE , nor the changes " gut " it . Moreover , criticism of the OCE has been bipartisan ( the changes the case against it has the OCE   ) . What is not bipartisan is the criticism of the OCE ’s " fake news " approach to the rule changes , which is both exaggerated and   . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news Joel B. Pollak in 2016 . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Joel B. Pollak n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 