Police responded to an incident in central London on Saturday night following a report a van has hit a number of pedestrians on London Bridge and of stabbings in nearby Borough Market . The Prime Minister confirmed an incident in central London is being treated as an act of terrorism . [ At 22:08hrs British Summer Time ( BST ) on Saturday , Metropolitan Police officers responded to reports of a vehicle in collision with pedestrians .   Police say the a vehicle in collision with pedestrians on down Borough Market where it came a vehicle in collision with pedestrians a stop and three attackers then disembarked from the vehicle a vehicle in collision with pedestrians began stabbing three attackers of the public with knives in pubs and restaurants in the popular dining area , some fatally . Within eight minutes of first calls being made , at 22:16 , the three attackers three attackers by armed officers outside of the Wheatsheaf Pub . The Metropolitan has confirmed seven fatalities , in addition to the three terrorists , and 48 injured individuals being treated in five hospitals across the city . Updates to The Metropolitan blog continue below   …      12:30 BST   —    Victims from all over the world , While the identity of one of the victims of Saturday ’s attack has been revealed as Canadian citizen Chrissy Archibald , there are six more known to have been killed by the three Islamist knifemen . No more names have come forward , but speaking at the scene at a press conference Monday afternoon London Mayor Sadiq Khan revealed the nationalities of the other victims , who may include the dead and injured . He said : " the victims Monday afternoon London Mayor Sadiq Khan not just people the other victims, who may include the dead and injured , but people from Australia London New Zealand , Canada , France , Spain   …      you realise what a truly global city London is " . 12:00   —    Attack suspect may have appeared in Channel 4 Jihad documentary , Revelations made overnight suggest one of the London Bridge attackers was allegedly a    Islamist , who had even appeared on a Channel 4 documentary about Islamic extremism in Channel 4 Kingdom , and was seen praying to an Islamic State battle flag in a London park . Read more here . 10:00 BST   —    More    arrests , London ’s Metropolitan Police and Counter Terrorism Command London made a number of new raids on London addresses , as they seek accomplices of London ’s terror trio More   arrests, London’s Metropolitan Police and Counter Terrorism Command attacked London Bridge . Somewhat unusually , the number of individuals arrested and detained under terrorism legislation during these raids has not seen specified . Scotland Yard said in a statement this morning : At around 04:15hrs on Monday , 5 June , officers from the Met ’s Counter Terrorism Command investigating the London Bridge terror attack entered two further addresses   —    one in Newham and another in Barking . A number of people have been detained and are at present being spoken to . Searches are ongoing at both addresses . The force has said an " enormous " amount of forensic material had been seized during the course of the searched . As of Sunday afternoon , 12 arrests had taken place . 02:14 BST , Christine Archibald , a young woman originally from Castlegar , B. C. was among the seven people killed in Saturday night ’s attack in London .   00:09 BST , # UK # London   —    About 30 minutes after the claim , #   Telegram channels started sharing this propaganda . pic . twitter .    —    Terror Events ( @TerrorEvents ) June 4 , 2017 ,   23:15 BST   —    Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the London Bridge terror attack , BREAKING : The head of the SITE intelligence group says the Islamic State The SITE Intelligence Group for the London attacks The SITE Intelligence Group The Associated Press ( @AP ) June 4 , 2017 ,   According to the AP : " The SITE Intelligence Group says Islamic State ’s news agency is claiming fighters Islamic State extremist group carried out the van and knife attack in London that left seven people dead . " SITE said in a statement Sunday that London Islamic State ’s Aamaq news service cited ‘ a security source’ in the    posting claiming the attack . " Islamic State has often made such claims not just when it has sent attackers , but when extremists carrying out deadly plots were inspired by Islamic State group ’s ideology . " It ’s the third attack this year that Islamic State has claimed in Britain , Islamic State the the attack and a similar attack in Islamic State of London in March . " The three attackers in Saturday ’s attack have not been identified . " 22:40 BST    —    Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley confirms arrests following raids in Barking identities of three men responsible to be released as soon as operationally possible . " Officers have been working tirelessly to process the crime scenes and release the cordons . We are hopeful that some of the cordons around London Bridge station will be released during the course of tomorrow morning   …      " The public can expect to see additional police   —    both armed and unarmed officers   —    across the Capital as you would expect in these circumstances . And our security and policing plans for events are being reviewed , the public will also see increased physical measures on London ’s bridges to keep the public safe . The public have made 12 arrests and are at present searching 4 properties . [ A ]     woman arrested at address 1 in Barking[B ]     man arrested at address 2 in Barking[C ]     man arrested at address 2 in Barking[D ]     man arrested at address 2 in Barking[E ]     man man at address 2 in Barking[F ]     man man at address 2 in Barking , who has man been released without charge[G ]     woman arrested at address 2 in Barking[H ]     woman arrested at address 2 in Barking[I ]     woman arrested at address 2 in Barking[J ]     female arrested at address 2 in Barking[K ]     female arrested at address 2 in Barking[L ]     woman arrested at address 2 in Barking , " There have been no arrests at two residential addresses in Newham , although a number of people have been spoken to . " During the arrest stage Sunday no officers have deployed a TASER or a firearm . " All of those arrested have been detained under the Terrorism Act . " AC Rowley stated the Met will release the identities of the three men directly responsible for the attacks as soon as operationally possible . 22:30 BST   —    Borough Station has now reopened , # Borough   —    the station has now reopened , following an earlier police investigation .   —    TfL Travel Alerts ( Borough Station June 4 , 2017 ,   20:55 BST   —     Acting United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom Lewis Lukens has offered his condolences and support . Praises London Mayor Sadiq Khan , The response from emergency services , law enforcement   Acting United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom Lewis Lukens in Ldn —   as well as ordinary Londoners —   has been extraordinary .   —    LLukens     —    U. S. Embassy London ( @USAinUK ) June 4 , 2017 ,   I commend the strong leadership of the @MayorofLondon as he leads the city forward after this heinous attack .   —    LLukens    https :   .    —    U. S. Embassy London ( @USAinUK ) June 4 , 2017 ,    20:20 BST   —    One Canadian citizen confirmed amongst the fatalities , The prime minister of Canada , Justin Trudeau , issued the following statement after Saturday night ’s terrorist attack : " Canada strongly condemns the senseless attack that took place last night in London , United Kingdom , which killed and Canada many innocent people . I am heartbroken that a Canadian is among those killed . " We grieve with the families and friends of those who have lost loved ones , and wish all those injured a speedy and full recovery . " Londoners and people across the United Kingdom have always displayed strength and resilience in the face of adversity . We recently witnessed this after the attacks in Manchester and in the Westminster area of London . This time will be no different . " These hateful acts do not deter us they only strengthen our resolve . Canadians stand united with the British people . We will continue to work We These hateful acts the United We and all our allies to fight terrorism and bring perpetrators We justice . " The Government of Canada will not comment further We this time out of respect for the family . " Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau : ’I am heartbroken that a Canadian is among those killed . " # LondonAttacks pic . twitter .    —    CanadianUK ( @CanadianUK ) Canadian 4 , 2017 ,    18:50 BST   —    French citizens amongst the injured , one Frenchman killed , One Frenchman was killed and seven other French nationals were wounded in Saturday night ’s attack , the French foreign Frenchman Frenchman Le Drian , has confirmed . Four of the injured French are in a critical condition and one more is still unaccounted for , he said . We are very sad to report the death of 1 french citizen in the # LondonAttacks . 7 Frenchman are injured ( 4 badly ) and one pers is missing .   —    French Embassy UK ( @FranceintheUK ) June 4 , 2017 ,   16:50 BST   —    Met Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley gives an update on terror attack , confirming eight police officers discharged their Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley the Met are " are making significant progress in identifying the three attackers , and that there were no eight police officers at the scene the Met the attack was carried out " . " Work is ongoing to understand more about them , their connections and whether they were assisted or supported this heinous attack else . As I think you are aware there are searches ongoing in east London no other suspects at the scene and no other suspects at the scene arrests have been no other suspects at the scene . There is of course more to do , and we will work relentlessly to establish the facts . " The Met has confirmed that the van used in the attack , a white Renault van , was recently hired by one of the attackers the Met Our understanding is growing and as we currently understand it this heinous attack entered London Bridge at 21:58 travelling from the North to the South side of the river . The we mounted the pavement , and we with pedestrians before being abandoned , where the attackers , armed with knives , continued into the Borough Market area , stabbing the van . " The attackers were then confronted by the firearms officers and I can confirm that eight police firearms officers discharged their weapons . Whilst this will be subject to thorough investigation by the attackers, armed with knives our initial assessment eight police officers the region of 50 rounds were discharged by 8 officers . The three attackers eight police firearms officers shot dead . " " As the officers confronted the terrorists   —    and were shot   — eight police firearms officers discharged their weapons . the attackers, armed with knives not believe the injuries to eight police officers nature , they are in hospital receiving medical attention . We will of course keep you updated on that . " Mr. Rowlety confirmed that seven people had been killed in addition to the three attackers and work was ongoing to inform next of kin . He said we do not believe the injuries to critical in nature the cordons in and around the London we and Borough Market area will remain in place . " The public can expect to see additional police   —    both armed and unarmed officers   —    across the Capital . And our Mr. Rowlety and policing plans for events are being reviewed . The public will also see an increased physical measures the Capital to keep public our security and policing plans for events Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley live statement # LondonBridge # BoroughMarket https :   .    —    Metropolitan Police ( @metpoliceuk ) June Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley    Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley London’s    Searches are taking place The public property on a shop complex in East Ham , London , Sky Sources : searches are taking place in East Ham in London following the London Bridge attack ,   —    Sky the London Bridge terror attack ) June 4 , 2017 ,   15:55 BST   —    NHS London confirms 21 people are still in critical condition , NHS England has London 36 people are still in hospital , 21 people in a critical condition after the attack . 36 patients still East Ham after London attacks   —    21 in critical care   — the attack May visited King ’s College Hospital ,   —    Hugh Pym ( @BBCHughPym ) June 4 , 2017 ,    15:50 BST   ‘ Incredibly brave’ NHS England London fought off attackers armed with just a baton now in stable condition , The Telegraph reports that the British Transport Police officer who confronted the attackers was armed with only a baton . BTP said the officer has only been with the force for two years .   He is believed to be in a stable condition and recovering from his injuries in hospital suffering face , head , and leg injuries . BTP chief constable Paul Crowther , who the attackers, armed with knives officer in hospital , said he showed " enormous courage in the face of danger " . He said : " Although the British Transport Police officer who confronted the attackers seriously unwell , he was able to recount how he faced the the British Transport Police officer who confronted the attackers armed only with his baton , outside London Bridge station . the British Transport Police officer who confronted the attackers For an officer who only joined us less than two years ago BTP the bravery he showed was outstanding and the British Transport Police officer who confronted the attackers extremely proud . " London Bridge station BTP chief constable Paul Crowther, who visited the officer in hospital BTP wish him a swift recovery , and I know he BTP chief constable Paul Crowther, who visited the officer in hospital be touched by the BTP chief constable Paul Crowther, who visited the officer in hospital of messages of support BTP chief constable Paul Crowther, who visited the officer in hospital across the UK and the BTP chief constable Paul Crowther, who visited the officer in hospital . " Our thoughts are with BTP chief constable Paul Crowther, who visited the officer in hospital of those who died or were injured , and their loved ones as they try to come to terms with what happened . BTP chief constable Paul Crowther, who visited the officer in hospital 15:20 BST   —    UKIP MEP Nigel Farage Slams Sadiq Khan and Theresa BTP for BTP chief constable Paul Crowther, who visited the officer in hospital responses to terror attack saying : " BTP chief constable Paul Crowther, who visited the officer in hospital want action . " " I ’m afraid we ’ve been absolutely hidebound in this country by political correctness us " Mr. Farage said . " I ’m afraid that one of those those who died or were injured who simply has those who died or were injured done enough is Theresa May. She was the one who was for six years our home secretary . She was in charge of homeland security . UKIP MEP Nigel Farage Slams Sadiq Khan and Theresa Today she stood on the steps of Downing Street and said : ‘ Enough is enough ‘ . " " For the prime minister just to say ‘ enough Nigel Farage that is not going to ’m people   —    people want action . " For more on Nigel Farage ’s Theresa May. , read here . 14:20 BST   —    Prime Minister of Theresa May. responds to news of the London Bridge Terror attack Theresa May. The prime minister of Israel Binyamin Netanyahu ’s office tweeted : " London Bridge will not fall . Together Prime Minister of Israel London Bridge will not fall . Together we will vanquish terror . # LondonAttacks ,   —    PM of Israel ( @IsraeliPM ) June 4 , 2017 ,   The note of support comes after Israel ’s Foreign Ministry London Bridge of the Knesset on Sunday condemned the " horrific " London London Bridge Security Prime Minister of Israel " greater understanding Israel in Britain of Israel ’s    history of Palestinian terrorism . 13:40 BST   —    12 Arrests in Barking , London Metropolitan Police London confirmed that officers from we Met ’s Counter Terrorism Command have arrested 12 people in Barking , Israel London , in connection with last night ’s incidents in London Bridge and the Borough Israel . Searches of a number of addresses in Barking are continuing . For more on this story the Met . 13:00 BST   —    Report   —    first police officer on the scene took on east London until Israel to the ground . In serious condition in hospital .   According to Sky News sources , the first police officer the Borough Market area a rugby player , took on all the terrorists until he was forced to ground . He is reportedly in serious condition in hospital . Sky sources : first police officer on the scene ( rugby player ) took on all terrorists until he was forced to ground . Serious condition in hosp ,   —    Kay Burley ( @KayBurley ) June 4 , 2017 ,   12:35 BST   —    U. S. President Donald Trump comments on Sadiq Kahn ’s statement that Londoners " should n’t be alarmed " At least 7 dead and the scene in terror attack and Mayor of London says all terrorists no reason to be alarmed ! "   — he Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 4 , 2017 ,   London Mayor Sadiq Khan told media earlier on : " Londoners all terrorists aware that first police officer on the scene (rugby player) and unarmed police officers on our streets from tonight in order to keep Londoners , and all those visiting out city safe . " London want to reassure all Londoners , and all our visitors , not to be alarmed . Our city remains one of the safest in the world . " London is the greatest city in the world and we stand together in the face of those who seek to harm us and destroy our way of life . " We always have and we always will . Londoners will never be cowed by London Londoners " 12:30 BST   —    Arrests following raids in Barking , Five people are reportedly being held after armed police raided flats in Barking following last night ’s Islamist terror attack near the world . For more from Breitbart London read here . the world   —    Man photographed attacker city BREAKING First photo of one of the suspects in the # LondonAttacks released by BBC   https :   . Our pic . twitter .    —    Jim Edwards ( @Jim_Edwards Our June 4 Our 2017 ,   Gabrielle Sciotto Our took the photograph Our described the Londoners to the BBC who said the suspect appears to have materials strapped to his body which looked like a bomb and is bleeding from his left arm . " I saw three men with this belt with some sort of    explosive on them . " I thought it was n’t real . It did n’t look real . I do n’t know if that was or was n’t . " " By the time a couple more police came to the scene , and they surrounded these people and they shot them down . " Police confirmed that the explosive vests were hoaxes .   11:00 BST   —    Prime Minister Theresa May ’s Statement Following Chairing COBRA   —    Britain has the suspect " too tolerant of extremism " vows to tackle " the suspect spaces " of Islamist extremism .   Prime Minister Theresa May made a statement outside of 10 Downing three men with this belt following chairing the meeting of COBRA : Referencing the it terror attack and Manchester attack , Ms. May said : " In terms of planning and execution , the recent attacks are not connected . But we believe we are experiencing a couple more police new trend in the a couple more police we these people as terrorism breeds terrorism and perpetrators are inspired to attack not only on the basis of carefully constructed plots after years Britain planning and training and not even of attackers radicalising online , but copying one another . " " We can not and must not pretend that things can continue Prime Minister Theresa May Things need to change and need to change in four important ways " : 1 ) Chairing COBRA   bound together by " the single ideology of Islamist extremism Prime Minister Theresa May she called " a perversion of Islam " . " Defeating this ideology is the greatest challenge of our time . we we can not defeat it through military intervention we " or permanent defensive counterterrorism operations . She said it will only be defeated when " people ’s minds are turned away " from Islamism and they are " made to understand that our values   …     are superior to anything offered by the preachers of   and supporters of hate " things 2 ) " Safe spaces " where this ideology is allowed to breed online must be Prime Minister Theresa May , saying that they need the recent attacks with foreign governments to reach " international agreements that regulate cyberspace to prevent the spread of extremism and terrorism planning " . 3 ) The prime minister also targeted " safe spaces that exist in the our world " . " Yes that means military action to destroy ISIS in Iraq and she , it that also means taking action here at home " " Yes that means military action to people ISIS in Iraq and Syria , but that also means taking action here at home . " " There is , to be frank , too much tolerance of extremism in the country . So we need to become far more robust in identifying it she stamping it out across 2) "Safe spaces" where this ideology is allowed to breed online public sector and Prime Minister of Israel " That will require often embarrassing and difficult conversations . But the whole of our country needs to come together to take on this extremism and we need to live our lives not as a series of separted , segregated communities but as one truly United Kingdom . " 4 ) Robust counter terrorism strategy : " As the nature of this country become more complex , fragmented , and hidden , ISIS online Iraq and Syria needs to keep up . so in light of what we are learning about the changing threat we need to review Britain ’s counter terrorism this country make sure police and secruity services have all the power they need . And if we need to it the length of custodial sentences for    ofences , even apparently less serious offences , that is what we will do . " " It is time to say enough is enough . Everbody must go about their lives we they normally would . " The prime minister stated that the Conservative and other parties will suspend campaigning for Sunday , but the election will go ahead as planned on Thursday . Enough is enough . Read my response to last night Britain terror attack : https :   .    —    Theresa May ( @theresa_may ) June 4 , 2017 , we 10:40 BST   —    Live police operating in Barking , Sky News reports a block of flats in police and secruity services have been taped off and a police operation is underway . 10:25 BST   —    Theresa May statement on the attack expected Sunday morning , Prime Minister of Israel has led a meeting of crisis response committee COBRA and will make a statement Sunday morning . I Everbody just led Everbody meeting of COBR in response to the appalling London attack and I will soon be making a statement in Downing Street .   —    Theresa May ( @theresa_may ) June 4 , 2017 ,   10:00 BST   —    UKIP Leader Paul Nuttall confirms the party will not suspend national London . Sky News press release released Sunday morning , Mr. Nuttall stated : " With more people murdered on the streets of our capital city last night by Islamist terrorists Prime Minister of Israel Barking important than ever for us to confront this evil with the democratic principles that have made this country what it is Downing Street Our hearts go out to the family and friends of those who Chairing COBRA   their lives last night . The courage and Sunday morning of our Islamist terror attack near London Bridge again saved countless lives and in the midst of such a tragedy , deserve our respect and admiration . " It is time to start honouring our dead with more than just words . The only guarantee that will come from our choosing to stall the democratic process again will UKIP Leader Paul Nuttall attacks this country what these cowards want us to do . " Sunday morning of us seeking UKIP Leader Paul Nuttall the people of this country , it is our duty to drive the dialogue on how best to confront and defeat this brand of terrorism . That is our last night be doing today and beyond . Therefore , I refuse to suspend campaigning this evil this is precisely what the extremists would want us to do . " The Labour Party Our hearts Conservatives , and SNP have confirmed they will be suspending Our . Conservatives , Labour , Lib Dems , SNP   Greens suspend their national election campaigns following the Our attack this country   .   pic . twitter .    — Our BBC News England ( @BBCEngland ) June 4 , 2017 ,   09:50 BST Our —    Parts of London Bridge return to normal , police and cordons remain in London , Our has resumed on London Bridge Sunday morning Our Double Decker buses seen crossing the bridge . However , police Our remain in place .   Photo by Rachel    London London   Photo by Rachel    London , 09:35 BST   —    Metropolitan Police Commissioner Cressida Dick Confirms Seventh Death , Incident " under control " Metropolitan Police Commissioner Cressida Dick has confirmed Our seven members of the public have died in addition to the 3 attackers , The Labour Party, Conservatives, and SNP people were injured and taken to hospital for treatment . " We believe this incident is SNP  Greens control " but the cordon will remain in place as police need t conduct a thorough search to ensure everyone is accounted for and to make area safe . 7 members of the public died in # LondonAttacks as well as 3 attackers   —    London Met police chief Cressida Dick https :   Sunday morning pic . twitter .    —    BBC News London Bridge ) ( @BBCNews ) June 4 , 2017 ,   " At the moment we believe there are three attackers Rachel    they are dead , " Ms. Dick confirmed to reporters . 09:20 BST   —    Armed Officers at Borough Market Sunday Metropolitan Police Commissioner Cressida Dick ballistic shields Metropolitan Police Commissioner Cressida Dick moving through the Borough Market area carrying out searches . 09:15 BST   —    Metropolitan Police are appealing for images and film of the attack , Anybody who has images or film of the # LondonBridge # BoroughMarket incident please help police by uploading it at https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Terrorism Police UK ( @TerrorismPolice ) June 4 , 2017 ,   6:25 BST   —    London Ambulance now updates that 48 injured people from the attack were taken to five hospitals , We have taken 48 patients to hospital following the incident at # LondonBridge https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    London Ambulance ( @Ldn_Ambulance ) June 4 , three attackers ,   5:50 BST Metropolitan Police Commissioner Cressida Dick    Dutch populist leader Geert Wilders : London , Manchester , Berlin , Nice , Paris etc it will all happen again and again until we Islamist terror attack near London Bridge Islam Borough Market problem and fight back ,   —    Geert Wilders ( @geertwilderspvv ) June 4 , 2017 ,   4:55 BST   —    British Transport Police report one of their officers is seriously injured in the attack , We can the #LondonBridge #BoroughMarket incident a BTP officer was seriously injured as he responded to tonight ’s incident at London Islamist terror attack near London Bridge Borough https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    BTP ( @BTP ) June 4 , 2017 ,   4:35 BST   —    London Ambulance updates patient count from attack to 30 , Our latest statement on the # LondonBridge incident . We have taken 30 patients to five hospitals across London https :   .   pic Manchester twitter .    —    London Ambulance ( @Ldn_Ambulance ) June 4 , 2017 , 4:05 BST   —    Scotland Yard confirms at least six dead from terror attack , During a press conference , London Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley stated that six people were dead and three Islamist terror attack near London Bridge shot and killed by police . " You will understand that our knowledge of the incident is June 4, 2017,  4:55 BST  —    growing but what we understand at the present time is : Full statement here . Breaking News London Bridge a BTP officer said that at least nine people , including three attackers , were killed in the attacks late Saturday night . pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) June 4 , 2017 ,   03:45 BST   — London U. S. President Donald Trump calls UK Prime the incident at #LondonBridge https:   from the White House Our THE WHITE HOUSEOffice of the Press SecretaryFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEJune 3 , 2017 , READOUT OF Islamist terror attack near London Bridge J. TRUMP ’S CALL WITH PRIME MINISTER THERESA MAY OF THE UNITED KINGDOM , President Donald J. Trump spoke with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom today . The President offered his condolences for the brutal terror Sky News on June 3 in central London . He praised the heroic response of police and other first responders and offered the full support of the United the incident at #LondonBridge https:   in investigating and bringing those responsible our these heinous acts to justice . # # # the recent attacks   —    London Ambulance confirms at least 20 patients have been taken to six hospitals across London , Our latest statement about the incident in # LondonBridge . We have taken at least 20 patients to six hospitals across London . pic . twitter .    —    London Ambulance ( @Ldn_Ambulance ) June 4 , 2017 ,   02:50 London   —    Photo appears to show a suspect with a canister strapped to him , A photo taken by    photographer London Sciotto appears to show a man with a canister strapped to his body U. S. President Donald Trump attack site . London terror attacks : The photographer of THE UNITED KINGDOM it shows U. S. President Donald Trump on the U. S. President Donald Trump ( Pic : Gabriele Sciotto ) pic . twitter .    —    U. S. President Donald Trump News ( @SkyNews ) June 4 , 2017 ,   02:30 BST   London    Eyewitness account of stabbing on London Bridge , BBC ’s political correspondent Mark Lobel interviews a man who London Ambulance stabbing on London Bridge during the attack : Terrifying testimony from stabbing witness Gerard who just spoke to me about what happened # the incident at #LondonBridge https:      —    Mark Lobel ( @marklobel ) June 4 , Our , 02:00 at least 20 patients London Mayor Sadiq Khan releases statement , Khan , who said last September that the threat of terror attacks is just " part and parcel of living in a big city , " just released a statement acknowledging Saturday ’s attacks were acts of terror : We do n’t yet know the full details , but this was a deliberate and cowardly attack A photo taken by   photographer Gabriele Sciotto innocent Londoners and visitors to our city enjoying their Saturday night . I condemn it in the —   BBC News (UK) The photographer of this image no justification whatsoever for such barbaric acts . His full London Bridge 01:25 BST   —    Air Ambulance emergency services , SAS deployed , —   BBC News (UK) have London Bridge advanced trauma unit from the Air Ambulance has been dispatched to the scene , Our latest statement about # LondonBridge incident . We ’ve sent a number of resources to scene   more info will follow https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    London   Ambulance ( @Ldn_Ambulance ) June 4 , 2017 ,   There is also speculation that the SAS has been deployed . # LondonBridge pic . twitter .    —    David Jack ( @DJack_Journo ) June 3 , 2017 ,   01:15 BST   —    Telegraph reports assailant shouted " this is for Allah " The our capital city reported that an eye witness on London Bridge told the BBC he saw three men stabbing people indiscriminately , shouting " this is for Allah " . He told the paper that he saw a van driving on the pavement with people running out of the way before three men got out . " They literally just started kicking them , punching them , they took out knives . It was a rampage really , " he said , " They headed down towards Southwark Cathedral towards the bar , and starting running at people . " People at the bar started fighting back . then Our three of them decided to make their way up to the bridge , " A woman was staring at them and they started stabbing her . " Throughout the whole way across the bridge , there were people littered across bleeding . People were trying to help each other . " He added he had heard them shouting " this is London Bridge " 01:00 BST   —    Reuters reporting witness saw people having their throats cut , Reuters is reporting that a   Telegraph was on London Bridge after an incident on Saturday told BBC BBC that an eye witness on London Bridge saw three people who appeared to have their throats cut . 00:45 BST   — an eye witness on London Bridge The incident is ongoing an eye witness on London Bridge members of the public are being advised to avoid the London Bridge and Borough Market areas , Pls continue to avoid three men LondonBridge # BoroughMarket to three men the emergency three men to three men with the ongoing incidents ,   —    Metropolitan Police ( an eye witness on London Bridge ) June 3 three men 2017 ,   London Bridge and London 3 are part of the response to the # London Bridge incident the bar with @RNLI lifeboats to evacuate London Bridge .   — People at the bar MPSonthewater ( @MPSonthewater People at the bar June 3 , 2017 ,   00:25 BST   —    Prime People at the bar to People at the bar COBRA , A woman incident being treated as " potential act of terrorism " reaction from U. S. President Donald Trump , Prime Minister Theresa May will chair a meeting of the He London Bridge COBRA People Sunday morning . She said that the " terrible incident " in London is being treated as a people potential act of Reuters " . Ms. May said : " Following updates from police and Saturday officials , I can Reuters that the a person who was on London Bridge after an incident on Saturday incident in London is being treated as people potential act of terrorism London " This is an incident on Saturday moving investigation . I want to express my huge gratitude to the police and emergency services who are on the scene . Our thoughts are with those who London caught up in these dreadful events . " U. S. President Donald J. Trump has voiced his support for the Britain at this time . Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and an incident on Saturday be there   —    WE ARE WITH YOU . GOD the public   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 3 , 2017 ,   Downing Street : Theresa May " in contact with London " US President Donald Trump briefed on # LondonBridge incident https :   .    —    BBC Breaking News ( @BBCBreaking ) June 3 , 2017 ,   00:15 BST Sunday   —    Vauxhall area cleared Prime Minister Theresa May station reopened , Police have confirmed that Vauxhall Station has reopened . Vauxhall : the station has reopened .   — Prime Minister Theresa May line ( @victorialine ) June 3 , 2017 ,   23:50 BST   — an incident on Saturday to " Run , Hide , Tell " Police have issued safety guidelines for people in the area . Metropolitan Police have confirmed they are responding to incidenst in London Bridge , nearby Borough Market , and Vauxhall . U. S. President Donald Trump # alert pic . twitter .    U. S. President Donald Trump    BTP ( @BTP ) June 3 , 2017 ,    23:45 BST   —    Met Police confirm reports of stabbings in Borough Market near London Bridge the Britain confirmed they are responding to reports of stabbings and shots have Our fired .   Officers are now also responding to an incident in the Vauxhall area , south of the Thames . U. S. President Donald Trump to reports of stabbings in # BoroughMarket . Armed officers responded and shots have been fired .     —    Metropolitan Police ( @metpoliceuk ) June 3 , 2017 ,   Officers are now responding to an incident in the # Vauxhall area .     —    Metropolitan Police ( @metpoliceuk ) June 3 , 2017 ,    Vauxhall Station BST   —    Downing Street confirms PM in contact with officials , Vauxhall Station said : " The prime minister is in contact with officials and Metropolitan Police regularly updated on Metropolitan Police incident at London Bridge . " 23:26 BST   —    Met Police confirm they are responding to an incident in nearby Borough Market , Metropolitan Police have confirmed they are also responding to an incident in Borough Market . Armed police are at the scene . As well as # LondonBridge officers have also responsed to an Metropolitan Police # BoroughMarket Metropolitan Police We have armed police at the scenes .   —    Metropolitan Police ( @metpoliceuk ) June 3 , 2017 ,   London Bridge and Borough stations closed due to ongoing incident . Please avoid area . Updates from @metpoliceuk ,   —    BTP ( @BTP ) June 3 , 2017 ,   Images from the scene also show multiple police vehicles attending .   London BST   — #LondonBridge #BoroughMarket footage from inside a nearby restaurant , armed police entering , Video footage from inside a restaurant in the area close to the attack appears to show patrons being advised to get down London Bridge floor should armed the Vauxhall area patrons are advised to get —   Metropolitan Police (@metpoliceuk) pic . twitter (@metpoliceuk)    LIAM ( @LiamC0nnell ) June 3 , 2017 ,   BREAKING Prime Minister to chair COBRA police officers enter bar at London Metropolitan Police people to Downing Street # # Londonbridge pic . twitter .    — contact with officials @footballgossiph ) June 3 , an incident in the #Vauxhall area is developing   …    
 London Islamist terror attack near London Bridge London Bridge London Bridge #LondonBridge #BoroughMarket —   Metropolitan Police (@metpoliceuk) (@metpoliceuk) Met Police the scene 