Arnold Schwarzenegger called for a " grassroots revolution " to continue the battle against global warming after President Donald Trump announced Thursday that the United States would withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement . [ In a video posted Thursday via ATTN , a Los    media company , the actor and former California governor urged citizens and elected officials to " rise up " and save Planet Earth .   " One man can not destroy our progress , one man ca n’t stop our clean energy revolution , one man ca n’t go back in time . Only I can do that , " Schwarzenegger said . " Like all the great movements in human history , our clean future starts with a grassroots movement in our communities , our cities and our states , " Schwarzenegger said . " We ca n’t leave it to Washington to lead . We need to do it We . " " You see , the people will rise up , " the Terminator star said , adding that " local and state governments will rise up    …      and fill the void you are creating . We need to do it We . " BREAKING : Arnold Schwarzenegger has a blunt message for Donald Trump . # ParisAgreement pic . twitter .    —    ATTN : ( @attn ) June 2 , 2017 ,   Donald Trump fulfilled a major campaign promise Thursday when he Donald Trump America ’s withdrawal from the Paris Climate Agreement in a speech delivered in the White House Rose Garden . " In order to fulfill my solemn duty to protect America America its America , the America withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord , " Trump Donald Trump . " We will see if we can make We deal that ’s fair . And if we can , that ’s great . And if we ca n’t , that ’s fine . " Trump Donald Trump decision had no shortage of detractors , as it was blasted by Trump’s landmark decision celebrities , liberal lawmakers , and former president Barack Obama , who signed the agreement in April 2016 . Schwarzenegger has spent several months leading an    campaign and denouncing the president ’s agenda . He even recently offered Schwarzenegger switch jobs with Trump " so people can finally sleep comfortably again . " In April , the actor pushed the Schwarzenegger Ohio Gov. John Kasich should run for president again in 2020 and challenge Trump in the Republican primary Trump Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 