On Friday ’s broadcast of MSNBC ’s " All In , " Representative Maxine Waters ( ) stated that she believes " there was a connection between Donald Trump ’s campaign and the Russians " and " I think there is a trail , and I think that the Obama administration has done everything that the Obama administration can possibly do   …     to make sure that enough people have seen some of the meetings and some of the connections , so that enough people have something to go on when the investigations are really underway . "   Waters said , " I ’m going to continue to do my work , to do everything that I possibly can , to help connect the dots , to help encourage independent investigation or commission . I ’m going to do everything that I can to keep my colleagues interested enough to want to fight to see exactly what happened . Because I believe that there was a connection between Donald Trump ’s campaign and the Russians and the Kremlin . And I do believe that those connections are there for a reason . And I think that the work that has already been discovered , that was done , in order to have Donald Trump’s , should be followed up . We should n’t say   —    let We intelligence agency say , yes We discovered that the DNC was hacked , and that efforts were made to help Trump in this campaign and to undermine Hillary Clinton , and that ’s it . We do n’t have to do anything else . No , this is serious and I think that We must continue this struggle to dig deeper , to drill deeper . " She continued , " I think there is a trail , and I think that the Obama administration has done everything that the Obama administration can possibly do , and that ’s probably been verified somewhat by the New York Times , to make sure that enough people have seen some of the meetings and some of the connections , so that enough people have something to go on when the investigations are really underway . " Waters added , " What we know is that , we ca n’t trust the AG . we ca n’t trust the FBI . we ca n’t trust Comey . we ca n’t trust Sessions , and so , we ’ve got to get an independent overseer of some kind in here to get going with the investigations . " (   Grabien ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 