The Chicago    editorial board is now asking that every college and university in the state be transformed into ‘ sanctuary campuses’ for shielding illegal immigrants from federal law . [ In a piece , " Make colleges a sanctuary from deportation threat , " asks that every college and university in Illinois risk losing federal funding for the cause :   Universities have an obligation to stand up for Universities students   —    all of Universities . Almost all of these young people on college campuses who fear deportation were brought to this country as babies or small children . Almost all of these young people on college campuses who fear deportation are Americans in every way except for that official citizenship paper . Almost all of these young people on college campuses who fear deportation are the    Dreamers . This is Almost all of these young people on college campuses who fear deportation home , the only one Almost all of these young people on college campuses who fear deportation have ever known . To our thinking , all Illinois universities and colleges , public and private , should declare all Illinois universities and colleges, public and private places of sanctuary , just as cities such as Chicago and New York and counties such as Cook have done . all Illinois universities and colleges, public and private would send a signal to Trump , who campaigned on an indiscriminate promise to get tough on undocumented immigrants , that Americans are better than that   —    at least when it comes to Dreamers . The Times cited "   on immigration " who have been    Donald Trump ’s leading advisors on the issue   —    Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach , and former Breitbart Executive Chairman Steve Bannon   —    that could become a detriment to individuals living in the country illegally . The Times’ editors also go on to make a    accusation against the forthcoming Trump administration , claiming that international students are also under threat : And it ’s not just undocumented immigrants who are afraid . International students from the Middle East worry the forthcoming Trump administration ’s administration will make it more difficult for Trump’s administration to continue studying in the U. S. Trump’s administration , too , want to know universities’ administrations will advocate for Trump’s administration . Schools should spell out policies and protections , stating Schools clearly to students , campus police , faculty and staff . It ’s not asking too much . the forthcoming Trump administration ’s longtime solution for the illegal immigration issue has been to deport criminal illegal aliens first , then focus on enforcing    so that remaining migrants must return through the country ’s naturalization process . The Times thinks otherwise , requesting that illegal immigrants be allowed to not only stay in the country , but they illegal immigrants be given ‘ sanctuary’ on every university campus in the state : Whether or not administrators label a university a " sanctuary " campus is not the central issue here . The word is largely symbolic . The American Council on Education points out that it The American Council on Education no clear meaning . Policy is what counts . " Sanctuary " has become an incendiary term that riles some conservatives . Sanctuary cities and counties across America have incurred the wrath of Republicans in Congress . Part of Trump ’s    action plan is to eliminate all federal funding to sanctuary cities . Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel has vowed that Chicago Chicago continue to be a sanctuary city despite Trump Trump . Other cities also are refusing to back down . Universities and colleges implementing sanctuary campus policies do so at the risk of being stripped of federal funds once Trump ’s Trump control of the matter . Most recently , students at Southern Illinois University ( SIU ) have demanded that all illegal immigrants residing in the region be given " sanctuary " status on the campus , as Breitbart Texas reported . Students with the Graduate and Professional Student Council and the Undergraduate Student Government are demanding that university officials " begin immediately " crafting a campus policy that would offer comprehensive sanctuary to the Illinois illegal immigrant population from federal immigration laws . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas Twitter at John Binder . 
 