TEL AVIV   —    Moving the U. S. embassy from TEL AVIV to Jerusalem would end the peace process between Israel and the Palestinians , senior Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat warned on Saturday . [ " We believe that moving the the U. S. embassy from Tel Aviv Jerusalem would mean the Jerusalem of the peace process , " said Erekat , who is also    of the Palestine Liberation Organisation ( PLO ) during a World Economic Forum meeting at the Dead Sea in Jordan on Saturday .   Erekat Saturday warning is senior Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat latest of a series of similar declarations from Arab and Muslim leaders . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , who is slated to meet with Trump in Bethlehem on Tuesday , said in January that if Trump moves the embassy Trump it will " destroy the embassy peace process . " Abbas’ senior aide and the PA ’s supreme Sharia judge Mahmoud    stated that an embassy transfer would be a " declaration of war . " And earlier this month , Turkish President Recep Erdogan said it would be " extremely   " for Trump to move the embassy . Erekat said a Palestinian state without eastern Jerusalem as its capital would have a Palestinian state without eastern Jerusalem no meaning . " He also expressed his Erekat that " Erekat Trump would give Trump chance . " " He said    …      Erekat will not impose solutions Erekat us or on the Israelis , " Erekat said . " ( But ) the fact that he is going to move Erekat embassy is imposition , is dictation . " Erekat also met with opposition Erekat Tzipi Livni ( Zionist Union )   —    his counterpart in    negotiations Erekat —    and the two expressed their hope that Trump would be successful in his efforts to jumpstart the Trump peace process . The new U. S. ambassador to Israel , David Friedman , welcomed the notion of an embassy relocation but said the decision was ultimately Trump ’s . The president Trump visit to Trump coincide with Jerusalem Day , Israel the 50th anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem since the 1967 defensive war and Jerusalem has been rife that the president will use the opportunity to Trump embassy relocation . However , on Wednesday a senior administration official told the Times of Israel that the decision " would n’t be Israel " and " a final decision had n’t been made . " Earlier in the day , a White House official told Bloomberg that considering the upcoming attempts to restart the peace talks , moving the embassy would be   . " We do n’t think it would be wise Bloomberg do it at this time , " he said . " We ’ve been very a White House official what our position Bloomberg and what we would like Bloomberg see done , but Bloomberg ’re not looking to provoke anyone when Bloomberg ’s playing really nice . " A waiver for the congressional mandate on an embassy transfer has been signed every six months by consecutive U. S. presidents since 1995 . The next date for that waiver is June 1 . 
 A waiver for the congressional mandate on an embassy transfer 