Despite the left ’s attempt to deny it , some    protesters are indeed paid to show up   —    including those from a growing number of tech companies who are paying some   protesters employees to participate in    rallies . [ The San Francisco Chronicle reported on Saturday , in an article titled " Bay Area demonstrators may be paid to protest , by employers , " that the " common accusation lobbed at liberal protesters " that " Bay Area demonstrators ’re being paid to protest " is at least partially based in fact .   According to The San Francisco Chronicle , " an increasing number of companies have unveiled policies that allow employees to take paid time off work for political or civic activities , such as protesting , canvassing , voting , volunteering or even running for office . " The progressive movement ’s vocal opposition to President Donald Trump has translated into employers ( at least , those who can afford it ) providing paid leave as a way to increase political engagement after what many of them paid leave as a devastating loss . Adam Kleinberg , CEO of San Francisco marketing firm Traction , reportedly allows employees two paid " Days of Action " to participate in political rallies and protests annually . " It ’s not sufficient anymore to say we ’re a profit engine and we we making money and screw everything else . It It part of our responsibility to be engaged , to be active , " William Morgan , CEO and founder of    startup Buoyant , told the Chronicle . His William Morgan, CEO and founder of   startup Buoyant reportedly offers about three to four weeks of paid time off to its His company , who are able to use the time for political activity or vacations . " We as individuals , we as companies exist in an ecosystem . We ’re only here because there ’s this environment around us We It ca n’t just be a    relationship . " The Chronicle notes that while the majority of these companies are on the smaller side , and tend to have more liberal workforces , larger companies like Facebook are looking to entertain similar policies . They the majority of these companies are on the smaller side, and tend to have more liberal workforces, larger companies like Facebook are looking to entertain similar policies told employees that they the majority of these companies are on the smaller side, and tend to have more liberal workforces, larger companies like Facebook are looking to entertain similar policies use paid leave time to attend and participate in    May Day demonstrations . However , the The Chronicle The Chronicle that some companies who offer their employees paid leave for political action have experienced an intense backlash . 
 