Kathy Griffin ’s Facebook page was inundated with calls for a boycott of Kathy Griffin’s nationwide comedy tour after a photo of Kathy Griffin’s holding a severed head of President Donald Trump went viral on Tuesday . [ " Call rt 66 hotel boycott Kathy Griffin’s show , " one user wrote in a Facebook message referencing Griffin ’s July 22 scheduled performance at the Route 66 Casino Hotel in Albuquerque , NM .   " DO NOT SEE her show , BOYCOTT THIS ANIMAL ! ! " another user wrote . The furor aimed at the     comedian was sparked after images went viral of Griffin Griffin holding up a fake , bloodied decapitated head meant to resemble Trump . The photos were taken by Los    photographer and artist Tyler Shields , who tweeted a short video of Griffin Griffin Trump Trump head . KATHY Griffin https :   .   via @YouTube ,   —    Tyler Shields ( @tylershields ) May 30 , 2017 ,   Griffin is Griffin on a    comedy tour . Her next Griffin , according to her website Griffin is on June 16 at Grass Valley Veterans Memorial Center in Grass Valley , California . Social media users , outraged at Griffin ’s Griffin called for both the tour and My Life on the    star to be boycotted . " She should be Griffin anywhere she is performing Griffin Give her a taste Griffin her own medicine Griffin Disgusting , vile person , " one user wrote . " Disgusting human being . Whoever would buy a ticket to your show has to be as pathetic as you . Your show should your show . I hope your tour is a total flop , " another Facebook user wrote . " Boycott this total scumbag . You re part of the swamp ! " another wrote . The comedian responded to the uproar in a statement posted to her Twitter account Tuesday The comedian . " OBVIOUSLY , I do not condone ANY violence by my fans or others to anyone , ever ! I ’m merely mocking the Mocker in Chief , " she wrote .    The comedian article has been updated to correct the location of the next stop on Griffin ’s comedy tour .   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 