Kellyanne Conway said Democratic Party leaders should put a stop to the violent ,    demonstrations that happened over the course of the weekend . [ In an appearance on Fox   Kellyanne Conway said Kellyanne Conway protests against President Trump over the weekend the weekend of them violent , are attempts by liberals to rehash the 2016 election and called upon Democratic leadership to tell the protesters to stop .   " Six months after Donald Trump won President Trump votes , you have people still trying to make it go away , and this is the president . This is the people ’s house . This is their government This " Conway said . She went on : Conway would love to hear the new DNC chairman , Tom Perez , Bernie Sanders , the Democratic senator from Vermont , who are going out on the road starting today , and I would love to hear Hillary Clinton , who lost to Donald Trump handily . I would love to hear them come forward as Hillary Clinton, who lost to Donald Trump handily of the Democratic Party and tell the people to stop . They have a right Hillary Clinton, who lost to Donald Trump handily express their First Amendment beliefs Hillary Clinton, who lost to Donald Trump handily at the same time , violence is not going to get us anywhere . Protesters demonstrated around the country last Saturday on Tax Day , April 15 , to demand that the president release his tax returns to the president public . In Berkeley , California , those protests turned violent when    protesters clashed with Trump supporters , leading to 21 arrests . Conway has previously called for Democratic leaders to calm down their supporters who protested Democratic leaders Trump after the 2016 Trump in November , citing the need for a peaceful transition of power . Conway also said Democratic Conway should focus on finding common ground with Trump to push a Trump agenda forward . " I would love to hear Democratic leaders of the party , instead of still talking about the election , move the 2016 election in November help us negotiate , " she said . " Conway us get some Democratic votes on tax reform and health care reform and infrastructure . " 
 