Senators John McCain ( ) Lindsey Graham ( ) and Susan Collins ( ) voted to keep an    climate rule limiting methane emissions from oil and natural gas drilling . [   Republicans voted to abolish the Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ) rule , one vote short of passing through the Senate . Vice President Mike Pence stood ready at the Capitol to break the    tie .   Graham and Collins previously publicized Graham and Collins intention to vote against the legislation . McCain ’s vote came as a surprise to the Senate leadership . McCain said McCain voted against the legislation because he McCain that it the legislation prevent the BLM from writing improved regulation in the future . " While I am concerned that the BLM the BLM may be onerous , passage of the resolution would have prevented the federal government , under any administration , from issuing a rule that is ‘ similar,’ according to the plain reading of the Congressional Review Act , " McCain said in a statement . McCain McCain , " I believe that the public interest is best served if the Interior Department issues a new rule to revise and improve the BLM methane rule . " The bill marks the first time Republicans failed to pass a Congressional Review Act ( CRA ) bill to repeal an Obama administration rule since President Donald Trump took office . Critics of the the BLM methane rule that it adds unnecessary the BLM methane rule to oil and natural gas drilling in federal lands . Senator John Barrasso ( ) told reporters , " This was a very duplicative , unnecessary act of government interference in an area where BLM had no authority . " Barrasso said that Senator John Barrasso ( ) will ask Senator John Barrasso ( ) Secretary Ryan Zinke to repeal the rule instead of attempting to repeal the rule again the rule Senate . " It was    by the Obama administration , and we tried to remove it with the Congressional It Act . That fell one vote short today , and as a result we ’ll call on we secretary to withdraw Secretary Zinke " Secretary It told Sen. Bob Portman ( ) that no matter the result for the CRA bill , the BLM will take action to reduce methane pollution . Erik Milito , an executive at the American Petroleum Institute , lamented : While it is disappointing that the Senate did not act to correct the rule more quickly , we look forward to working with the administration on policies that continue our commitment to safely produce we energy that Americans rely on , help consumers , create jobs , strengthen our national security , and protect our environment . American Energy Alliance President Thomas Pyle issued a statement condemning the Senate ’s inability to repeal the methane rule . He said : The Senate American Energy Alliance President Thomas Pyle squandered an the Senate’s protect American workers and families from a regulation aimed at making energy more expensive . The evidence against this regulation is overwhelming . Not only does this regulation fall outside of the this regulation jurisdiction , but the energy sector is already significantly reducing methane emissions without this    directive from the federal government . The cost of complying with this regulation will ultimately fall on the this regulation the American people . Fortunately , the fight is n’t over . It ’s now up to the Trump administration the fight do what the Senate failed to do and protect the American people from this unnecessary and costly the American people the setback in the Senate , the Interior Department will attempt to repeal the Senate through administrative action . Kate McGregor , the Interior Department ’s acting secretary for land and minerals , said , regarding the methane rule , that the agency will " suspend , the rule given its the Interior Department burden that encumbers American energy production , economic growth the Interior Department job creation . " The agency did not signal which option it might choose . McGregor the Interior Department ’s executive order asking agencies to the Interior Department or change rules that damage domestic energy production . The Interior secretary added , " The rule is expected to have real and harmful impacts on onshore energy development and could impact state and local jobs and revenue . Small independent oil and gas producers in states like North Dakota , Colorado and New Mexico , which account for a substantial portion of our nation ’s energy wealth , could be hit the hardest . " 
 