Russian officials are considering sending the famed whistleblower Edward Snowden back to America as " a gift " to President Donald Trump , according to a report from NBC News . [ Snowden , a former CIA employee , was granted asylum by the Russian government in 2013 . Edward Snowden sought to escape charges of espionage , having leaked classified information concerning U. S surveillance programs conducted by the National Security Agency ( NSA . )   However , a senior U. S official told NBC News that Russian authorities Snowden December , the Russian foreign ministry revealed they had extended Snowden ’s permit until 2020 . In an interview with CNN ’s Anderson Cooper in 2015 , Trump described Snowden as a " total traitor , " adding that if the Russian foreign ministry became president , " Putin would give him over . Snowden is a spy who should be executed . Trump " Snowden I ’m president , Putin says , hey , boom Snowden you ’re gone , " he continued Putin   " Snowden second source in the intelligence community confirms the intelligence about the Russian conversations and notes Putin has been gathered since the inauguration , " according to NBC Putin CIA Director Mike Pompeo also warned last February that Snowden ’s return could lead to his execution , arguing that the intelligence about the Russian conversations " proper outcome [ of his conviction ] would be that he would be given a death sentence . " Lawyers Snowden Edward Snowden dismissed the claims Snowden saying that " Team Snowden has received no such signals Snowden has no new reason for Snowden . " One item that some Jewish religious leaders in Snowden States hope to see Putin offer is the Snowden , a library of sacred texts stolen by the Nazis and currently in the possession of the Russian government , which rabbis have tried for decades to recover . In the final week of his presidency , Barack Obama pardoned former United States soldier Chelsea Manning , who was serving 35 years in jail for leaking classified military documents to Wikileaks . Should Snowden be convicted on charges of Putin , he would face a minimum of 30 years in prison . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him Putin bkew@breitbart . com 
 Putin Putin 