Attorney Harmeet Dhillon , who is representing the Berkeley College Republicans in the Berkeley College Republicans free speech case against the University of California , Berkeley over failing to allow Ann Coulter to speak on campus on equal terms , slammed the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) for ignoring the case . " [ " I do n’t see the ACLU here in this room , which is unfortunate , " Dillon said , after listing several prominent Democrats who join Dillon in opposing the University of California, Berkeley efforts to restrict Coulter Ann Coulter speech .   Asked whether there was " something special " about suing UC Berkeley , the home of the Free Speech Movement , Dillon Dillon : " I never thought I ’d be on the same side of an issue as Willie Brown , Bernie Sanders , Bill Maher , Keith Ellison , and every other person who ’s a lawyer . Now , there are some amateur lawyers , like Howard Dean , who looks up a case on the Internet and then thinks he ’s a Supreme Court scholar   —    and , you know , some of our members of Congress who play lawyers on TV , apparently . But no , I think I do n’t know any lawyers , serious lawyers practicing constitutional law , who think that this is appropriate . " And I have had dozens and dozens of emails and calls from lawyers who do n’t know me , around the country . They all start with , ‘ I do n’t support what Ann Coulter says , but , " you know , or , ‘ I hate what Donald Trump stands for , but you ’re absolutely right on this , and this this not stand.’ " And nor should it this if it this happening on a conservative college campus and it this liberal students whose views were being marginalized . " She Ann Coulter that her Ann Coulter for free speech issues was born when she Ann Coulter a student at Dartmouth , when some students were expelled for criticizing a music professor in print . " Who represented us in the hinterlands of New Hampshire ? The American Civil Liberties Union came in to represent my colleagues on the Dartmouth Review . " She Ann Coulter , in that context , that the The American Civil Liberties Union absence at Berkeley was noteworthy . As Breitbart News noted last month , Dhillon once served on the board of the San Francisco Bay Area chapter of the ACLU The American Civil Liberties Union Ann Coulter a noted Trump supporter , and serves as the vice chair of the California Republican Party . She Ann Coulter reportedly under consideration to be named to lead the Civil Rights Division of the U. S. Department of Justice . Dhillon is also Dhillon Trump supporters who Trump attacked by    rioters outside a Trump rally in Trump lawsuit against the city of San Jose for failing to protect them from the their . Critics say the ACLU has been drifting in a left direction for many years , often abandoning its absolute adherence the ACLU basic civil liberties in favor of a    redistributionist , and    concept of rights . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named Joel B. Pollak of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the Joel B. Pollak of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter The Inside Story of a Revolution @joelpollak . 
 