The City of Phoenix has declined the adoption of a sanctuary policy . [ The Phoenix City Council turned down a plan to become a sanctuary city , citing that the state ’s 2010 immigration law , SB1070 , which bans any jurisdiction from providing a safe haven to illegal aliens , as the Associated Press reported .   Phoenix Democrat Mayor Greg Stanton made the motion to deny the City from becoming a sanctuary jurisdiction , citing the 2010 immigration law , but then denounced President Donald Trump ’s efforts of deporting criminal illegal immigrants . " We can not allow this to continue to happen , " Phoenix Phoenix Maria Castro said told the City Council , also noting that her Phoenix resident Maria Castro is an illegal immigrant . " Deportations are happening every day . You are leaving orphans at home every single day . " Others , though , took issue with illegal immigration . " We must be living in the ‘ Twilight Zone,’ " Tim Rafferty said . " This is the United States of America , we were built on laws . This is n’t about being mean or being hateful . This This our we law . " A wide range of residents spoke before the city council , with sanctuary supporters invoking the detainment of Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos , an illegal alien in Phoenix , who was deported to Mexico . Garcia de Rayos had been living in the U. S. illegally since she Garcia de Rayos 14 and is married to another migrant . In 2008 , she Garcia de Rayos detained by ICE after she Garcia de Rayos to be illegally using a Social Security number to work at a theme park . In 2013 , a judge ordered her Garcia de Rayos return home to Mexico Mexico but she Garcia de Rayos was required to periodically meet with immigration officials due to lax enforcement policies under former President Obama . Now , Garcia de Rayos’ deportation is routinely used by the open borders lobby to advocate in favor of illegal immigration , as Breitbart News reported . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him John Binder Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 