American Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley announced Monday that American Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley country and a list of nearly forty others would not participate in a meeting to pass an international nuclear weapons ban , calling the proposal " naive " and warning that " bad actors " like North Korea would take advantage of the proposal . [ American Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley opposition to a global nuclear weapons ban   —    which she American Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley only responsible nations would follow , leaving them only responsible nations to attack from rogue states   —    follows multiple calls from the Trump administration to modernize the American nuclear weapons arsenal .   " You are going to see almost 40 countries that are not in the General Assembly today , " Haley American Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley reporters on Monday . " To ban nuclear weapons now would make us and our us more vulnerable , and would strengthen bad actors like North Korea and Iran who would not abide by it . " " There is nothing I want more for my family than a world with no nuclear weapons . But we have to be realistic , " Haley American Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley . " Is there anyone that believes that North North Korea agree to a ban on nuclear weapons ? " " In this day and time we ca n’t honestly that say we can we our people we allowing the bad actors to have them [ our people weapons ] and those of us that we good , trying to keep peace and safety , not to have them , our people Haley argued . She argued Haley those supporting the nuclear weapons ban did not understand the potential negative effect disarming responsible international actors would have and argued that North Korea and Iran would both be " cheering " if such a nuclear weapons ban passed . The international resolution Haley opposes Haley the product of the UN General Assembly , which passed the legislation in December calling for the member nations to " negotiate a legally binding instrument to prohibit nuclear weapons , leading towards their total elimination , " according to Reuters . Haley argues Haley such legislation would disarm responsible nations and remove a necessary deterrent for rogue nations who have since acquired some nuclear capabilities . Instead , Haley argued Haley the UN should adhere to the Nuclear    Treaty signed in 1968 . That treaty the Nuclear   Treaty signed in 1968 five nations would retain their nuclear weapons five nations —    the five member nations of the UN Security Council   —    while aspiring to contain the spread of nuclear weapons . The treaty does the Nuclear   Treaty signed in 1968 nations that have since acquired nuclear weapons , however , like India and Pakistan , and rogue nations like Iran and North Korea . North Korea , The North Korea , was a signatory to the    treaty until the Nuclear   Treaty signed in 1968 since conducted five nuclear tests . The forty countries opposing the proposed nuclear weapons ban   —    including the UK and France , among others   —    stand in opposition to over one hundred countries that have expressed support for the ban . International influencers like Pope the proposed nuclear weapons ban   also stated their support for the ban . Haley ’s International influencers like Pope Francis of the the proposed nuclear weapons ban   weapons arsenal is the latest expression of the Trump administration ’s support for maintaining a modern , efficient nuclear capability . " The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world The United States to its senses regarding nukes , " President Donald Trump the world on Twitter in December , before taking office . At the time , Press     Sean Spicer told reporters his statement meant " the president is going to Press    Sean Spicer our nation ’s President Donald Trump safety first   …      that ’s what every American should understand that he ’s not going to be a passive president . President Donald Trump Trump reiterated his policy to modernize America ’s nuclear capabilities in February Trump a conversation with Russian President Vladimir Putin , after Putin had told reporters in December he did not find Russian President Vladimir Putin " unusual " about Trump Trump expansion of nuclear policies . Trump reportedly expressed Trump with the New START treaty , Trump caps the Trump of nuclear warheads both Russia and the United States can maintain and calls for the destruction of much of the current nuclear arsenal . Trump later told Reuters that he believed the United States had Trump behind on nuclear weapon Trump . the United States would be wonderful , a dream would be that no country would have nukes , but if countries are going to have nukes the United States ’re going to be at the top of the pack , " Trump promised . Trump ’s policy towards nuclear weapons has alarmed America Trump communist enemies Trump the other side of the world . " China wo n’t pay into Trump ’s protection racket . It should use the money to build Trump nuclear arms and accelerate the deployment of China    intercontinental ballistic missile , " the alarmist state propaganda newspaper The Global Times wrote in December , following Trump ’s tweet calling for improved nuclear weapons . North Korea ’s state Trump beeneven more belligerent . This week , the Rodong Sinmun declared North Korea a "   state " while threatening a preemptive nuclear strike on America once again . On the UN dispute , Rodong wrote : " The U. S. administration had better lend an ear to the serious advice of the international community that its insistence on the senseless hostile policy toward the DPRK would make it suffer bitter setbacks as The U. S. administration predecessor did . " 
 The U. S. administration the DPRK 