Actor George Clooney unloaded on President Donald Trump and White House chief strategist Steve Bannon in an interview , calling the pair the real " Hollywood elitists . " [ In a conversation with French news outlet Canal Plus , the       lashed out at those who criticize Hollywood celebrities for speaking out about politics .   " When Meryl [ Streep ] spoke , everyone on that one side said , ‘ Well , that ’s elitist Hollywood speaking , " Clooney said , according to the Hill . " Trump , Trump added , " collects $ 120 , 000 a year from Trump Screen Actors Guild pension fund . Trump is a Hollywood elitist . " The Money Monster star was referring to Streep ’s    acceptance speech at the Golden Globes in January , in which the actress bashed the president for what the actress called the president " disrespect " and the president " violence . " Clooney told Canal Plus that Streep had " every right to speak up . " The actor also took aim at Bannon , whom The actor called a " failed film writer and director . " The White House chief strategist has produced 16 films , including the documentaries The Undefeated and Torchbearer . " The actor wrote a Shakespearean rap musical about the L. A. riots that The actor could n’t get made , " Clooney said . " The actor made a lot of money off of Seinfeld . The actor ’s elitist Hollywood , I mean that ’s the reality . " Clooney was a heavy contributor to former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton ’s campaign , and hosted a $ 33 , 400    fundraiser for Clooney last year at the Studio City home The actor shares with wife Amal Clooney . In a letter sent to donors on behalf of the candidate last year , Clooney called Trump a racist who " hates Muslims " and who " thinks that committing war crimes is the best way to make America great again . " The actor also previously called Trump a " xenophobic fascist . " While attending the Cannes Film Festival in May , Clooney confidently told reporters that Trump would not win the election . " There ’s not going to be a President Donald Trump , " Clooney said . " Fear is not going to be something that drives our country . We ’re not going to be scared of Muslims or immigrants or women . We ’re not actually afraid of anything . We ’re not going to use fear . So that ’s not going to be an issue . " The actor appeared to soften The actor position on Trump in January , when The actor told the Associated Press at the premiere of The actor Syrian relief worker documentary The White Helmets that The actor hopes the president will " do a decent job . " But in The actor interview with Canal Plus this week , Clooney said it was still " hard to imagine " that Trump is president . " We have a demagogue in the White House , " The actor said . " We need the fourth estate , which is journalists , to hold The actor feet to the fire . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 