Five have died , including a police officer , after a knifeman mowed down pedestrians and attacked police outside Britain ’s Houses of Parliament on Wednesday . [ Shots were heard late afternoon on Wednesday , with authorities confirming within minutes that Parliament was on lock down and Members of Parliament were kept in the Commons chamber .   Less than an hour after the attack London ’s Metropolitan Police declared they Metropolitan Police treating the the attack a " terrorist incident " . Incident in # Westminster : We are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know We ,   —    Metropolitan Police ( @metpoliceuk ) March 22 , 2017 ,   The latest : The story so far : Eyewitnesses report between " eight and ten " figures on the ground on Westminster Bridge , believed to have been the victim of a car ramming attack using a 4×4 vehicle . Eyewitnesses have told how the vehicle a 4×4 vehicle pavement and mowed down pedestrians . It is currently a 4×4 vehicle the driver of the car car the corner onto Parliament Square before getting out of the car and car get into the grounds of the Palace of Westminster , stabbing a police officer along the way . pic . twitter .    —    Claudia ( @claudiascore ) March 22 , 2017 ,   Paramedics desperately trying to revive injured in New Palace Yard pic . twitter .    —    Libby Wiener ( @LibbyWienerITV ) March 22 , 2017 ,   The man is believed to have been shot by police and put in an air ambulance to a nearby hospital . Britain ’s Prime Minister , Theresa May , is said to have been in the division chamber , voting after Prime Minister ’s Questions , when she was whisked away by Prime Minister’s    police officer . An air ambulance helicopter has touched down in Parliament square after the attack , which is thought to have consisted of a car attack and a knifeman . The police and the director of security of the House of Commons have advised the Chamber of the House to be locked the House of Commons Spokesman for President of the United States Donald Trump Sean Spicer confirmed by Twitter Wednesday afternoon that the President had been briefed on the attack . . @POTUS the attack briefed on the situation in the U. K.   Continuing to monitor and update ,   —    Sean Spicer ( @PressSec ) March 22 , 2017 ,   The shots heard fired in the vicinity of the palace are understood to have been by armed police . A witness within the parliamentary estate told Breitbart London : " We ’re locked in the office at the moment , waiting to find out what ’s going on . Looking out the window , I can see Westminster Bridge , there ’s a man on the floor having a blanket put over him , paramedics are just turning up a man on the floor having a blanket put over him There are a few paramedics at the Speaker ’s end of the bridge . They have been attended Westminster Bridge a while . There are a lot of firearms officers " . Speaking to British media , Journalist Kevin Schofield said : " We heard a very loud bang outside the press gallery . We heard lost of shouting , there were We running around . Then I looked to my left and someone rushed through gates at Westminster and attacked a policeman . " Another policeman came and rescued him and the man who assaulted him got a policeman and appeared to be carrying a policeman knife . We heard lots of gunfire . Five or We rounds . " Deputy speaker announces UK Houses of Parliament suspended after incident on Westminster Bridge https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    BBC Breaking News ( @BBCBreaking ) March 22 , 2017 ,   This story is developing . 
 