Representative Lacy Clay (   ) wants Representative Duncan Hunter (   ) to face " theft " charges for removing an    painting from the walls of the U. S. Capitol complex . [ Breitbart News previously reported that an   painting was hung in the Capitol complex after Representative Lacy Clay (  ) chose it an   painting a fitting representation of the August 9 , 2014 , shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . It an   painting police officers as animals with tusks .   On January 6 Hunter removed the painting from the wall , saying , " I ’ve seen the press [ reporting on this the painting for about a week or so .    …      I ’m in the Marine Corps . If you want it done , just call us . " Hunter Hunter delivered the painting the painting ’s office and said , " Lacy can put it back up the painting I guess , if he wants to Lacy …      but I ’m allowed to ’m it down . the painting Clay now wants Clay theft " charges against Hunter Hunter According to The Washington Post , Clay addressed the Clay of the painting on the painting saying that " his staff met Monday with members of Monday Capitol Police to press theft charges against Rep. Duncan D. Hunter . " Clay added , " Clay had no right his take that picture down , it ’s thievery . that picture Clay plans to rehang Clay    painting on the painting will be accompanied by the Congressional Black Caucus while doing it . The artist behind the painting is David Pulphus . the painting Pulphus’ animal representation of officers Clay Ferguson , saying : These are his impressions . Those are his feelings David Pulphus That ’s These he David Pulphus his opinion , and he David Pulphus it David Pulphus his art . David Pulphus what his opinion wrong David Pulphus that ? Any black parent would tell you that they have to have this conversation with Any black parent children about police and how to Any black parent around them , so that ’s the conversation their children about police need to be having here . Not about taking some kid ’s picture off the wall   —    it should be about , how do we change these attitudes and improve the relationships between police and the black community ? The schism between Clay and Hunter over attitudes toward police officers is a microcosm of the larger divide that exists between the Democrat Party and the Republican Party . For example , during the 2016 presidential race the National Fraternal Order of Police ( NFOP ) sent Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton a questionnaire to answer . She did not even bother returning it Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton them . NFOP president Chuck a questionnaire to answer said a questionnaire to answer was " disappointed and shocked . NFOP president Chuck Canterbury Approximately a month later the NFOP endorsed Donald Trump for president NFOP NFOP quoted Canterbury saying , " [ Trump ] has NFOP president Chuck Canterbury looked at the issues facing law enforcement today . He understands and supports our priorities and our NFOP president Chuck Canterbury believe he will America America safe America . " NFOP president Chuck Canterbury Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins , " a Breitbart News podcast AWR Hawkins is also the political Breitbart News Armed NFOP president Chuck Canterbury Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him NFOP president Chuck Canterbury at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 NFOP president Chuck Canterbury 