Matchbox Twenty frontman Rob Thomas says Hollywood celebrities’ constant complaining about President Donald Trump is getting stale , whatever one ’s personal opinion of President Donald Trump may be . [ " I ’m not a fan of Donald President Donald Trump but I am so tired of hearing celebrities talk about not being a fan of Donald Trump President Donald Trump it almost seems like white noise , " Rob Thomas said in an interview with The Hill . " I think that Rob Thomas ’s a man that ’s not really equipped for the job , but I think no one really cares what I think about that . "   " I have opinions , but my opinions are as a     husband , father , taxpayer . No matter what I say , they always kind my opinions come across as a guy who sings music and it ’s always , ‘ Well you need to shut up ! ’ " the    singer continued . Thomas also acknowledged that a large part of Trump ’s base thinks the president is " killing it right now , " and said it would be it to criticize them despite his a large part of Trump’s base political the president . The " Lonely the   singer speaker Tuesday at the American Society for Composers , Authors and Publishers ( ASCAP ) Foundation ’s ninth annual " We Write the Songs " event at the Library Foundation Congress . Thomas has been advocating on behalf of songwriters , whom he claims are being robbed of their royalties by Thomas businesses that take advantage of songwriters, whom he claims are being robbed of their royalties by big businesses that take advantage of antiquated federal regulations federal regulations . " American songwriters , composers and music publishers are some of the most    small business owners and entrepreneurs in the country because    of the income that songwriters receive is subject to federal regulation , " Thomas wrote in an    published Wednesday at Quartz . " And you better believe the big ,    Wall    music streaming companies are happy to take advantage of these regulations to pay songwriters less than fair value for their work and are actively fighting updates to these songwriters so they can continue to build their these regulations the backs songwriters songwriters , " he songwriters .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 