Senator Richard Burr ( ) told WXII 12 News in North Carolina that he believes a health care deal will not pass through the Senate this year . [ " It ’s unlikely that we will get a    deal , " Senator Richard Burr ( ) told WXII 12 News in North Carolina admitted . The North Carolina senator said that the    GOP health plan was " dead on arrival , " and that " I do n’t see a comprehensive health care plan this this year "   Senator Richard Burr ( ) told WXII 12 News in North Carolina statement arises amidst a complicated pathway for Republicans to pass a health care bill through the Senate . Republicans control 52 seats in the upper chamber and need at least 50 votes and potentially Vice President Mike Pence to break a tie in the Senate . the Senate such as Susan Collins ( ) Lisa Murkowski ( ) and Bill Cassidy ( ) remain opposed to the House ’s American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) while conservative senators such as Rand Paul ( ) Ted Cruz ( ) and Mike Lee ( ) want to push for more conservative measures in the Senate bill . the Senate that satisfies both the moderate and the conservative wings of the Senate has become increasingly complex . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( the Senate does not know how to build a Republican consensus on health care reform in the Senate at the moment . the Senate ) told Reuters last week , " I do n’t know how we get to 50 at the moment . " White House spokesman the moment said , " The president in general finds it frustrating    President Trump Senate operates . " President Trump the Senate the Senate that he hopes that the Senate can last week a health care the Senate . President Trump president also believes that the Senate should switch to a 51 person majority President Trump . Switching to a 51 person majority might avoid the complications that arise from using budgetary reconciliation to pass health care and tax reform . Hopefully Republican Senators , good people all , can quickly get together and pass a new ( repeal   replace ) HEALTHCARE bill . Add saved $ ’s .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 31 , 2017 ,   The U. S. Senate should switch to 51 votes , immediately , and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved , fast and easy . Dems would do it , no doubt !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 30 Dems 2017 ,   
 