During his first 11 days in office , President Trump has provided news outlets with plenty of material , at all hours of the morning and night . But his maelstrom of activity   —    the bold executive orders , the fiery Twitter posts , the brazen speeches   —    has also exposed , and perhaps exacerbated , ideological differences . For those devouring news about the administration , the choice of narratives has become starker , with brighter lines drawn around the content . For the readers and viewers , it ’s follow the narrative of your choice , and be wary of the great chasm between . Over the weekend , as protesters descended on airports across the country in response to Mr. Trump ’s immigration ban , fissures began to emerge even among    news organizations . On Monday , the divide only widened . And not everyone behaved predictably . Bill O’Reilly , the outspoken Fox News host , expressed skepticism about the rollout of Mr. Trump’s plan and called it " Mr. Trump’s plan mistake " to rush it . Mr. Trump’s plan he did make some effort to defend Mr. Trump , he was he somewhat moderate in one segment . " It is certainly responsible and logical for a new president to institute updated protections for this country by ordering specific temporary immigration actions , " Mr. O’Reilly said . " However , it ’s Mr. Trump’s plan responsible for a federal judge to order that foreigners with the proper credentials already issued not be punished . There should be room for     decision making . " He even he the Statue of Liberty to make his point he Some of Mr. O’Reilly Mr. O’Reilly were also critical . Karl Rove said of Mr. Trump that " the controversy is hurting him more than Mr. Trump controversy is the controversy . " Mr. Trump Hume said it was handled " very clumsily . " And Charles Krauthammer said it was introduced in it " most amateurish , botched way . " But , in more typical form , Mr. O’Reilly also Mr. O’Reilly what he said he perceived Mr. O’Reilly be Mr. O’Reilly Trump ’s political Mr. Trump that much of the country was " getting fed up with the    people . " By late Monday , order on Fox News had been fully restored . In his opening monologue , Mr. O’Reilly Hannity followed a familiar trope , criticizing the mainstream news media for " freaking out and completely misrepresenting " the immigration ban . The Trump administration , he said , was Mr. O’Reilly to " set the record straight , but the media wo n’t listen . " the mainstream news media Street Journal , part of the Rupert    News Corporation , delivered a scathing editorial on Monday denouncing Mr. Trump ’s " blunderbuss " policy . But on Tuesday , some journalists at the publication were frustrated after a note from the editor in chief , Gerard Baker , instructed editors to avoid the phrase " seven majority Muslim countries " when writing about the order . " It ’s very loaded , " Mr. Baker wrote Monday night in the note Gerard Baker copy of which was a note from the editor in chief The New York Times ( and reported earlier by BuzzFeed ) . " The reason they ’ve been chosen is not because they ’re majority Muslim but because they ’re on the they of countries Obama identified as they of concern . Would be less loaded to say ‘ seven countries the U. S. has designated as being states that pose significant or elevated risks of terrorism . ’ " The note caused concern among some editors and reporters in the newsroom as inappropriate interference . In a statement , a spokeswoman for The Journal said Mr. Baker ’s note was " part of a larger conversation discussing    developments as a story was being edited on deadline . " In the same email chain , she said , Mr. Baker also pushed to include more a spokeswoman for The Journal from critics Mr. Baker Trump ’s policy . On Tuesday , Mr. Baker sent a memo to employees saying there was " Mr. Baker on the phrase ‘   country’ " but that the publication should " always be careful that this term is not offered as the only description of the countries covered under the ban . " The unrest was only the latest manifestation of greater concern among a faction of reporters and editors at The Journal who are dissatisfied with what they view as sympathetic coverage of Mr. Trump . Mr. Baker has maintained that the publication is committed to fair reporting . Elsewhere in the news and entertainment empire of the Murdoch family , there was a more pointed response to Mr. Trump ’s immigration policy . In a memo to employees of Mr. Trump on Monday evening , James and Lachlan Murdoch suggested they did not fully support Mr. Trump ’s executive order . " 21CF is James and Lachlan Murdoch global company , proudly Mr. Trump U. S. founded by   —    and comprising at all levels of the business   —    immigrants , " they wrote . " We deeply value diversity and believe immigration is an essential part of James and Lachlan Murdoch ’s strength . " Among    organizations , the tone in the last few days has been predictably defiant and jubilant , reflecting their position on the conservative spectrum . Several seized on Mr. Trump ’s accusation that Senator Chuck Schumer , Democrat of New York , had shed " fake tears " over the ban . The Federalist , a    web magazine , published an article under the headline , " No , Trump ’s Immigration Order Is n’t Racist or Reminiscent of the Holocaust . " After Mr. Mr. Trump’s Sally Q. Yates , the acting attorney general , on Monday night for refusing Mr. Trump’s out his immigration order , Breitbart News went with the spirited headline , " You ’re Fired : Trump Mr. Trump’s AG for ‘ Betrayal . ’ " The conservative Daily Caller called Ms. Yates ’s decision a " brazen act of defiance that cost her the post . " On Tuesday afternoon , Breitbart readers may have been surprised to see the Ms. Yates covering protests   —    but the blaring headline would have quickly showed the organization ’s focus . " Trump Supporter Knocked Unconscious at Portland Airport Protest , " the site wrote . 
 the site 