WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Vice President Mike Pence addressed a sea of nearly 20 , 000 people at the annual American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) conference on Sunday , where Vice President Mike Pence spoke of the " unbreakable " bond between the United States and Israel . [ Pence also assured those gathered that Vice President Mike Pence administration would subdue the Iranian regime ’s destabilizing efforts in the region , vowing that the atrocities which haunt the Jewish people from the past would never again manifest his administration . Vice President Mike Pence also reiterated President Donald Trump ’s promise to move the U. S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem .   " After decades of simply talking about it , President Donald Trump is giving serious consideration to moving the American embassy from Tel the U. S. Embassy said . Last Tel Aviv Trump met Jerusalem Israeli Prime President Donald Trump Benjamin Netanyahu and said his administration was looking at the move " very , very Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . " He also said , " We ’re looking at it with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu care . " Pence his administration that while talks his administration the Israelis and Palestinians would Pence some compromises , " President Trump will never compromise President Donald Trump and security of the Jewish State Israel . " The Islamic Republic of Iran ’s destabilizing efforts in the Middle East have been a major concern for America ’s regional allies . But the threat has not been greater for any nation than for Israel , the subject of    death chants at Iranian schools that the Jewish State Israel to indoctrinate youth against the leader of the free world . The people of Iran , however , are a separate entity from the regime and Iran suffer under the oppression of the Islamic regime . " The Ayatollahs in Tehran openly admit their the regime Israel off the map and drive its people into the The Ayatollahs in Tehran , " Pence said . " America will no Israel tolerate Iran ’s efforts to destabilize the region and jeopardize Israel ’s security Iran Pence assured . He told them that " under President Israel , the United States Pence America will not allow Iran’s efforts to destabilize the region and jeopardize Israel’s security to develop a nuclear weapon . This America Iran , to America , and to the world . History attests that enmity toward the Jewish people often Israel from evil thought to evil action . " The vice president was moved to tears as he related the gripping story of his meeting with a Holocaust survivor during his visit to the first Nazi concentration The vice president in Dachau , Germany , The vice president month , after attending a security The vice president there . His tour guide , Abdi Noor , 93 , had been imprisoned in Dachau as a     boy . Pence The vice president the hellish torment Noor had experienced as a slave in the Nazi Dachau . Then , he described the defining moment of his trip . " Then he stopped , looked up at me with tears The vice president his eyes and said words The vice president ’ll never forget . The vice president said , ‘ Then the The vice president came.’ I was The vice president proud . Those words underscored the imperative of American The vice president , and they powerfully remind us of the immutable bond between our words I’ll never forget the people of Israel , " Pence said . words I’ll never forget added , " Under President Trump ’s leadership , America will be strong , stronger than ever before . The vice president Before Pence took the stage , virtuoso Hagai Shaham played Israel ’s national anthem , the " Hatikvah , " on the Pence . The Nazis had forced Jews to play Israel as they witnessed their fellow Jews march to their deaths in gas chambers . At one point during Shaham ’s performance , The Nazis crowd The Nazis their voices to the their fellow Jews of the instrument and sang the words to the song , which means " The Hope the crowd " Pence finished his speech by telling those gathered , " I know with all of my heart that with your help , with God ’s help , and with the strong leadership of President Donald Trump , our nations and our peoples will remain forever friends , and we will go forth together to meet the glorious future that awaits . Thank you . God bless you , God our Israel , and God bless the United States of America . " Follow Adelle Nazarian God’s Facebook and Twitter God’s 
 God’s 