Friday at the National Rifle Association ( NRA ) Leadership Forum in Atlanta , President Donald Trump declared President Donald Trump would build a wall on the U. S.   border , adding , " That ’s an easy one . "   President Donald Trump said , " We ’ve already seen —   listen to this , this ’s never happened before —   people ca n’t even believe —   . And by the way , do n’t even think about —   . Do n’t even think about —   . You know , they are trying to use the number against us because us ’ve done so unbelievably at the borders . they are trying to use we’ve done so unbelievably at the borders against us . But you need that wall to stop the human trafficking , to stop the drugs , to stop the wrong people you need that wall . But listen to this , us ’ve already seen a 73 percent decrease   —    never happened before on the southern border —   since my election , you see what they ’re doing , right ? So why do you need a wall ? We need a wall . " " We We build the a wall " he continued . " Do n’t even think about it . a wall n’t even think about it . a wall ’s an easy one . We We going to build a wall . It ’s a wall final element . We We the wall a wall it ’s a wall wall , in certain areas where you have massive physical structures , we do n’t need , and certain big rivers and all , but we need a we . And we ’re going we get that wall . a wall world is getting the message . They know that our the world are no we open to illegal immigration and that if they try to break illegal immigration , you ’ll be caught and you ’ll be returned to your home . You ’re not staying any longer . " " If you keep coming back illegally after deportation , you will be arrested , prosecuted and put behind bars , " Trump added . " Otherwise , it will never end . Let ’s also remember that immigration security is national security . We ’ve seen the attacks from Boston to San Bernardino , hundreds of individuals from other countries have been charged with    offenses in the United States . We spend billions and We on security all over the world , but then we allow radical Islamic We to center right through our front door . We ’s not going to happen anymore . It ’s time to get tough . It ’s time we It got smart We And yes , it ’s also time It put America first . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 