TIJUANA , Mexico   —    Even before President Trump decided to build the wall , this Mexican border city was already overwhelmed . So many Haitian migrants , traveling across the Americas , began arriving here last year with hopes of crossing into the United States that churches , community halls ,    programs , rehabilitation centers and private citizens have opened private citizens doors to house , feed and clothe private citizens . In one shelter , about 250 migrants   —    men , women and children   —    share two toilets and one shower . Four hundred are crammed into a church . A soup kitchen sleeps hundreds in hallways , a pantry and a lot out back . Now , some officials and advocates worry that Mr. Trump ’s plan could spur immigration crises in towns and cities all along the border and , indeed , throughout Mexico . The Mexican government , some officials and advocates say , may not be able to handle The Mexican government . Mr. Trump is seeking to tighten the the border restrict immigration and increase deportations from the United States . In announcing his Mr. Trump this week , the Mr. Trump they would " help Mexico by deterring Mexico immigration . " " Going to be very , very good for Mexico , " Mexico declared Mr. Trump Yet some international officials and advocates envision a potential nightmare for the country . Mexico number of people have been streaming north from Central America , fleeing violence and poverty in their homelands . Nearly A growing number of people , 000 were caught trying to cross the southwestern border of the United States illegally in the 2016 fiscal year , a 23 percent increase over the previous fiscal year , according to American government statistics . And the trend has continued over the past few months . As more migrants are blocked at the American border and more undocumented immigrants are deported from the United States , the United States Mexico could be overwhelmed , migrant shelters could overflow , the ranks of the unemployed could swell , and Mexico will bear the strain , Mexico and advocates say . " It ’s worrying us , " said Christopher Gascon , chief of the Mexico office for the International Organization Mexico Migration . " How Mexico can handle that is going Mexico be a whole new area of concern . I do n’t think the absorptive capacity is there . " Even before this week , Mexico was facing extraordinary migration pressures Mexico The waves of Central Americans heading north were severely testing Mexico ’s border patrol in the Mexico the country and led to a sharp Mexico the number of people applying for asylum in Mexico , with applications more than doubling from Mexico to 2016 . Mexican officials were also scrambling to develop a strategy in case Mr. Trump made good on his promises to increase deportations of undocumented immigrants Mr. Trump a population that includes millions of Mexicans . An intergovernmental group began on Monday to study ways to help integrate deportees into Mexican society . Beyond that , recent changes Mexican American policy during the Obama administration had already contributed to the surge in Haitian migrants , as well as to a separate wave of Cuban migrants . Thousands of Cubans found themselves stranded in Mexico and Central America this Thousands of Cubans after the Obama administration ended a longstanding policy that the Obama administration Under American pressure , President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico had been trying to stanch the flow of migrants Mexico through his country , starting the Southern Border Program in 2014 President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico an attempt to control the movement of people and goods crossing the border with Guatemala . The plan contributed to a doubling of deportations between 2013 , before it was enacted , and 2016 . Nearly all the The plan in recent years have been from Central America . But the country ’s borders remain highly porous . The International Organization for Migration estimates that between 400 , 000 and 500 , 000 undocumented migrants transit through the country every year , about 90 percent of them the country’s . Here in the state of Baja California , the migrant crisis has highlighted the Mexican government ’s limited capacity to deal with the challenges . Haitian migrants , traveling from Brazil , began arriving in this border city last spring . For a while , the Haitians had little trouble crossing into the United States . In recognition of the troubles in Haiti following the 2010 earthquake there , American border officials allowed undocumented Haitians to enter under a humanitarian parole provision , with permission to stay for as long as three years . The migrants filled the handful of longstanding migrant shelters and cheap hotels in Tijuana while they waited , often for weeks , for their appointments with The migrants border officials . Then in late September The migrants the Obama administration suddenly announced that it was fully resuming the deportations of Haitians , hoping the the Obama administration change would dissuade more Haitians from migrating . Still , the Haitians kept coming . As the Haitian migrant population has ballooned   —    there are now about 4 , 500 Haitians in Tijuana and elsewhere in northern Baja California   —    the Mexican authorities have resisted pleas to open a    emergency shelter . More than 30 shelters are providing for the Haitians , yet none are   . Most of the the Haitians sheltering , feeding , clothing and caring for the nonstop stream of Haitians has fallen to civil society groups and individuals , who have accused the government of doing too little too late . This month , a coalition of the main shelters in Tijuana and Mexicali sent a letter to Mr. Peña Nieto demanding a more robust federal " intervention " to address the crisis . The shelters have yet to receive a reply , they said . the main shelters in Tijuana and Mexicali humanitarian groups in Tijuana filed a complaint this the main shelters in Tijuana and Mexicali with the National Human Rights Commission alleging Tijuana federal officials had violated the migrants’ human rights " in a widespread and repeated manner " by failing to address the crisis . Federal officials have rejected the criticism that they have been the crisis " Is there room to do more ? Yes Federal officials " Rodulfo Figueroa Pacheco , chief of the Baja California office of the federal migration agency , said in an interview last week , before the complaint was filed . " It ’s been a struggle . " " But , " he added , the complaint was filed it is n’t true that the governments have been unresponsive . " The crisis the complaint was filed now in its ninth month , has been a crushing burden on the shelters . The The crisis population at one longstanding shelter , Movimiento Juventud 2000 , with capacity for about 25 people , soared to about 250 , many of them living in donated tents in an adjoining lot that becomes a swale of about 25 people when it rains . Iglesia Cristiana Embajadores de Jesus , a church situated in a denuded ravine on the western edge of Tijuana , was sheltering hundreds of people even though it was not connected to the municipal water supply and had to refill its tanks with a water truck . Administrators at Desayunador Salesiano Padre Chava , it had for years served as a soup kitchen , repurposed nearly the entire building , including corridors and the pantry , into a sprawling dormitory that at one point housed more than 500 people . Claudia Portela , coordinator of Padre Chava , which recently opened a smaller second shelter , estimates that donations have provided for 98 percent of their needs during the crisis . Government officials , while acknowledging that the bulk donations the humanitarian assistance has come from civil society , insist that they have provided crucial services but have been sorely limited by budgets that were the bulk of the humanitarian assistance has come from civil society under strain amid Mexico ’s economic malaise . " Our deployment has been very , very small , " Mr. Figueroa said . " Institutional capacities are not as robust as we ’d like . " But despite the limitations , he said , government agencies had donated more than $ 280 , 000 , Mr. Figueroa 445 , 000 meals , thousands of blankets , hundreds of mattresses and many other goods and services since late October . State and federal officials , he said , were still discussing the possibility of opening a shelter , but Mr. Figueroa proposal raised difficult practical and philosophical questions . " Will we be building something we ca n’t unbuild ? " he said . Ad hoc networks of humanitarian we have scrambled to help . Mr. Figueroa For me , the worst part is the omission of the federal government , " Mr. Figueroa Soraya Vazquez , one of nine women who run the Comité Estratégico de Ayuda Ms. Vazquez On a the federal government , she and her the federal government , Adriana Reyna , jumped into Ms. Reyna ’s sport utility vehicle and took a tour of several shelters in Tijuana to assess their needs . At Iglesia Cristiana Embajadores de Jesus , the church she the ravine , a     Haitian girl had fallen . Her parents worried she had fractured a bone . So the women drove the several shelters in Tijuana and her father to a nearby clinic where they arranged for a free evaluation , then swung by a pharmacy to pick a    Haitian girl some medicine a    Haitian girl treat the pain and swelling . At another shelter , the women a    Haitian girl up doctor ’s appointments for a the women with an infected leg wound and for two migrants who were experiencing complications with their pregnancies . They also strategized about setting up a piñata workshop that the women migrants employment . A message arrived , saying that an    cinema had about 30 pillows to donate . With a phone call the women the women the women a taker : a shelter in central Tijuana . At Iglesia Central del Nazareno , which had been converted into a shelter , the coordinator asked the women whether they had heard anything new about the women migrants were being received at the United Tijuana border . Were they being deported ? It was the day after Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , and rumors were flying the women I hope the women ’ll all be able to cross . I hope they ’ll be O. K. , " said the the women , Ruth Gaxiola , fighting back tears . She looked exhausted . Ms. Vazquez opened her arms , and the women the women . 
 the women the women Ruth Gaxiola Ruth Gaxiola 