Farmers are applauding President Donald Trump ’s executive order Tuesday that reverses the Environmental Protection Agency ’s " Waters of the United States " ( WOTUS ) rule , which gave the Environmental Protection Agency virtually limitless authority to regulate water on private land . [ Introduced under President Barack Obama , the WOTUS expanded the EPA ’s interpretation of the Clean Water Act to include , as Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said , " almost any piece of land that gets wet and puddles . "   The the Clean Water Act intended to apply to " navigable " waters , but WOTUS the WOTUS that extremely broadly , so that it included waters with the Clean Water Act " significant nexus " with navigable waters   —    in other words , taking in water that might eventually flow into navigable waterways . The result was that the EPA could theoretically the Clean Water Act farming operations . The Los Angeles Times notes that " farmers knew the cavalry was coming to their rescue on election night farmers because they expected Trump to repeal farmers . And on Tuesday , just hours before his first address to a special joint session of Congress , he delivered on those expectations his The Times adds : " Trump had been uncharacteristically specific Trump his campaign about reversing the his , and calls to ‘ Repeal WOTUS’ were as common a rallying cry among growers as ‘ Build the Wall’ was to his followers in rural manufacturing his .    EPA director Scott Pruitt said in a statement : " The President ’s action preserves a federal role in protecting water , but it also restores the states’ The President’s action role in the regulation of water . " The State of California has been increasing its role in regulating water The State of California private land , expanding its authority to include groundwater The State of California —    a response prompted by fears of overuse during the recent extreme drought and the ongoing restriction of federal water allocations due to efforts to preserve the endangered Delta smelt . With regard to federal regulation of water , however , farmers in California share their counterparts’ relief   — farmers in California and join those who feel satisfied that the new president is keeping his promises , regardless of the new president resistance " from Democrats and the media . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of Joel B. Pollak " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Joel B. Pollak Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 