What is with this curious   —    now deafening   —    silence from former President Barack Obama on these charges that former President Barack Obama administration spied on a political opponent at the very height of a presidential campaign ? [ Since President Trump first leveled the incendiary charges in early March , there have been thousands of press articles and endless hours of speculation on cable television about the    accusations .   Every word , character , and symbol of punctuation from President Trump has been parsed and sussed and diagrammed . This is no small thing we are talking about here . We we talking about a sitting president ’s administration using the terrifying powers of espionage of the the United States conduct an intelligence operation against a political opponent before , during and after that target was elected president of the United States . So much for " peaceful transfer of power . " This would be 10 times more serious than Watergate . We are talking a constitutional crisis the likes of which we have never seen in modern times . And all anybody around here seems to want to talk about is the exhaustively investigated   —    yet still unsubstantiated   —    conspiracy theories about Mr. Trump ’s supposed ties to Russia . Well , what about Mr. Obama ? Did he actually morph into Mr. Obama President Vladimir Putin himself ? Did he turn the White Mr. Obama into the Kremlin ? Those are much graver charges than whether somebody has " ties " to the Russians . And so many of the questions about Mr. Obama ’s involvement Mr. Obama on his political enemy remain unanswered Mr. Obama Actually , they remain unasked at this point . And before you dismiss these questions as crazy tweets from a crazy dictator , remember that Mr. Trump ’s national security adviser was fired after he was   —    Mr. Trump   —    wiretapped and unmasked during the time he was serving on Mr. Mr. Trump ’s transition team . This alone would be utterly unbelievable in a world before Oliver Stone ’s movie " Snowden . " So , what say you , Mr. Obama ? Crickets . The only statement from Mr. Obama was a carefully Mr. Obama issued by a spokesman . " A cardinal rule of the Obama Administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice , " the statement began . This would The only statement from Mr. Obama merely confirm that Mr. Trump was being investigated by the Obama Administration   —    but that Mr. Obama ’s fingerprints would not Mr. Obama anywhere on that investigation . And , yes , this is the same corrupt administration that featured the attorney general meeting in a private plane on a tarmac with the husband of the woman who was supposed to be Mr. Obama ’s successor   —    while she was under investigation by the FBI . The Obama spokesman ’s statement went on to say : " As part of that practice , neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U. S. citizen . Any suggestion otherwise is simply false . " Here again , they are playing a silly game . Instead of answering the real question , they are hiding behind the loose and imprecise they of Mr. Trump ’s tweet where he shorthands the whole accusation in less than Mr. Trump digits by saying " Obama had my ‘ wires tapped’ in Trump Tower . " Any logical human knows what Mr. Trump meant by this . I do Mr. Trump any serious person actually thought Mr. Obama himself in a hard hat and work Obama snips was in the walls at Trump Tower twisting wires together . Obviously , Mr. Trump meant Trump Tower and his campaign and Mr. Trump had been spied Mr. Trump by Mr. Trump S. intelligence services at the behest of   —    or with knowledge of   —    the sitting U. S. president . Monumental charges . Yet no denial from the former president . On Mr. Obama ’s Twitter feed , he has opined about Chuck Berry , International Women ’s Day and even Mr. Obama ’s Day . But not a peep about the serious charges lodged against him . This , at a time when we are told that Mr. Mr. Obama plans to lead the political resistance against Mr. Trump . He Mr. Obama by " resisting " these charges . • Charles Hurt can Mr. Obama reached at churt@washingtontimes . com follow the serious charges lodged against him Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 