WASHINGTON , D. C. —   On Wednesday , following the firing of FBI Director James Comey , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell rejected calls for a special prosecutor or independent commission to investigate the alleged collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia during last year ’s presidential election . [ Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell chastised Democrats for Democrats hypocrisy and pointed out that Democrats were critical of Comey ’s firing after repeatedly knocking Comey performance while Democrats were trying to get Democrats candidate , Hillary Clinton , elected .   " Today , we ’ll no doubt hear calls for a new investigation , which could only serve to impede the current work being done , " McConnell said on the Senate floor . " Partisan calls should not delay the considerable work of Chairman Burr and vice Chairman Warner . Too much is at stake . " Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has been leading the Democratic Party ’s calls for a special prosecutor . Speaking of Comey ’s handling of the FBI investigation into former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton ’s unauthorized use of a private email server and former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton mishandling of classified information , MConnell said : MConnell is clear what our Democratic colleagues thought of MConnell , both at that time and consistently thereafter . Last year , the current Democratic leader [ Chuck Schumer ] said the current Democratic leader [Chuck Schumer] appeared an appalling act   —    one that , the current Democratic leader [Chuck Schumer] said , goes against the tradition of prosecutors at every level of government . And the current Democratic leader [Chuck Schumer] , when asked if James Comey should resign given his conduct of James Comey investigation , he replied , the current Democratic leader [Chuck Schumer] of course , yes.’ McConnell went on the current Democratic leader [Chuck Schumer] say , " Our Democratic colleagues complaining about the removal of an FBI director whom they themselves repeatedly Our Democratic colleagues complaining about the removal of an FBI director sharply criticized . That removal   being done by a man , Rosenstein is the acting Deputy Attorney General . McConnell said , the current Democratic leader [Chuck Schumer] Mr. Rosenstein recommended Comey ’s removal for many of the very reasons that they Rosenstein about . " McConnell noted that the current Democratic leader [Chuck Schumer] was confirmed in a bipartsian vote of 94 to 6 . Schumer took the Rosenstein after McConnell and repeated the current Democratic leader [Chuck Schumer] of he same lines he used yesterday : The president fired the Director of the FBI Schumer Comey , Schumer was leading an Schumer into the Trump campaign ’s possible collusion with Russia . The president offered no reasoning for the firing other than he had the recommendation of his Schumer who has already had to recuse himself from the Schumer investigation . The question Schumer , why did it happen last night ? Schumer know an active investigation into the Trump campaign Russia an investigation into whether the Trump campaign colluded with the Russians . Serious offense . Schumer investigations getting too close to home for the president ? Schumer again called for a special prosecutor . " If there was ever a time when circumstances warranted a special prosecutor , it is right now . " Also on Wednesday , Vice President Mike Pence said President Donald Trump " made the right decision at the right time " with Tuesday ’s announcement that he fired Comey . " The administration is very confident that with the appointment of a new director of the Vice President Mike Pence , [ and ] because of the president ’s strong leadership , we ’ll be able to give the nation ’s leading law enforcement agency a fresh start , " Pence told a handful of reporters in the nation ’s Capitol . " And because of the president ’s decisive action yesterday to restore confidence and trust the nation’s people , we have an opportunity the president’s new beginning at the FBI . " 
 