President Donald Trump promised to move the U. S. embassy to Jerusalem , but a recent diplomatic spat showed why the U. S. embassy has been so hard for President Donald Trump to do so . [ On Monday , the Times of Israel reported that talks between U. S. and Israeli officials coordinating President Donald Trump upcoming visit to the Western Wall   —    the holiest site in Judaism   —    stumbled when a " senior American official " said that the area was not within Israeli control and was part of the West Bank .   That is the official position of President Barack Obama ’s administration , and of UN Security Council Resolution 2334 , Obama ’s President Barack Obama shot against the Jewish state . It is not clear who , exactly , the " senior American official " was , but Israel ’s Ha’aretz identified the culpable parties as " diplomats stationed at the U. S. consulate in Jerusalem . " The consulate the U. S. consulate in Jerusalem in eastern Jerusalem and has Jerusalem been regarded as more sympathetic to the Palestinians . ( Update : The name of the official the "senior American official" been reported as David Berns , a career bureaucrat at State . ) The Trump administration disavowed that official ’s view . But generally , it is difficult to overstate the degree to which the career bureaucracy disapproves of moving the U. S. embassy   —    and not just in the State Department . There are various reasons given , from possible prejudice to peace talks with the Palestinians , to repercussions in U. S. relations with Arab and Muslim countries . Still , it is difficult to distinguish the arguments against moving the embassy from the the U. S. embassy   recognizing Israel in the first place . Already , the Trump administration has been grappling with the challenge of working with Obama administration holdovers in the bureaucracy who have not yet been replaced . Add to that the fact that there are members of the    " deep state " who are actively undermining the president , through leaks and other methods , and you have a formidable obstacle to progress   —    one to which Trump ’s predecessors yielded , and which Trump alone can defeat . Trump B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of Joel B. Pollak " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of Joel B. Pollak Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak The Inside Story of a Revolution 
 