Democrats are consoling Democrats by claiming Donald Trump ’s election is illegitimate , but Democrats ’ll do Democrats a favor if they consider their Democrats faults Democrats —    including the     corruption in their own party Democrats political strategy . [ 1 . The Democrats’ rigged primary : Democrats should begin by accepting the obvious truth of a rigged primary revealed by WikiLeaks . The party ’s The Democrats’   —    not the party ’s voters The Democrats’    picked and promoted Hillary Clinton , meaning she was secretly coronated before Hillary Clinton primary ever began . Her rival Bernie Sanders never Sanders The " nomination " contest was theater designed to make Sanders voters accept Clinton . His voters ought Hillary Clinton be Hillary Clinton at Sanders Sanders voters along with this farce , Sanders he most certainly did . Hillary Clinton When Party elders shriek about nefarious Russian interference in the election process , they ’re trying to distract from what the leaked Party elders emails actually said , and the fact that we now know those emails are 100 percent genuine , despite early Democrat statements to the contrary . One of those shrieking claims came from Donna Brazile , who was directly involved in doctoring a primary debate by leaking questions to Clinton , not to Sanders . 2 . The Democrat superdelegate system : Then there ’s the openly rigged element of the Democratic primary , the superdelegate system . It is a political instrument specifically designed to shut down insurgencies and make the interests of Democrat voters secondary to the judgment of party elites , and the powerful lobbyists who manipulate them . Hillary Clinton was chosen by    donors party elites had Clinton a fortune currying favor with her , as demonstrated by the instantaneous collapse of the Clinton " charities " the instant the Clintons had no more favors to sell . 3 . The Democrat money machine : Building a titanic campaign war chest was the paramount concern of the Democrats in 2016 , because they thought it   —    and their media allies the Democrats — The Democrat money machine: Building a titanic campaign war chest would give them an the Democrats headlock over the public debate . So the Democrats Biden was told he could not afford to get into the race . Joe Biden for Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley , who barely raised enough cash to pay for a Philly cheese sandwich . Their financial kneecapping allowed Clinton to suck up hundreds of Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley, who barely raised enough cash to pay for a Philly cheese sandwich in campaign cash , sometimes in legally questionable ways , even as she railed against the influence of money in politics . Clinton . The media was part of Clinton ’s campaign : It ’s fun to watch Democrats Clinton Russian spies using The media to influence the election , when it ’s clear the mainstream media was able to downplay the The media contents of The media to keep most voters in the dark . Sure , outfits like Breitbart News did everything we could to report those revelations , but that ’s nothing compared to the influence wielded by the establishment media when it gets a " narrative " avalanche rolling .   Of course the establishment media was an active participant in the rigged primary scandal . the establishment media from the DNC and Clinton campaign chief John Podesta reflected very , very poorly on the press . That ’s something Democrats could fix   —    there ’s no reason for illegitimate     coordination between their candidates and the media .   Democrat voters also should demand an end to Democrats incestuous relationship between the media and Democratic politics because it has become as much a liability . Sure , it ’s helpful to have the media in your hip pocket , but the value it that advantage is severely degraded when the public knows about it , and has lost faith in the establishment press as a result . Worse that advantage the media enabled a weak ,     candidates like Clinton to capture the Party nomination the media in your hip pocket 5 . The law was bent and broken to keep Clinton in the game : Democrat voters also should be questioning the legitimacy of Clinton ’s Clinton because the rule of law was corrupted to preserve her political viability . Clinton should have ended when the email server story broke . ( Clinton , it should Clinton ended with the publication of Clinton Cash , but the Democrats incorrectly believed their the email server story media could insulate her from the fallout of those astounding revelations . ) The politicized the Democrats Justice Department did Democrats Clinton favors by staving off indictments that would have taken Clinton out of the game , or by    the email investigation until her replacement became prohibitively difficult . The Obama administration perfected tactics for dragging scandal investigations out until Clinton became " old news , " but they miscalculated and prolonged Clinton ’s email scandal until The Obama administration blew up like a string of demolition The Obama administration throughout the 2016 Clinton Before they began howling about Russian espionage , Democrats were pushing the narrative that FBI Director James Comey sabotaged The Obama administration ’s election hopes by speaking at length about her " extremely careless " actions when he announced Clinton would be recommended , and then kneecapped her Clinton by reviving the Clinton investigation briefly FBI Director James Comey the last days of the presidential campaign . As with Clinton narrative about WikiLeaks , Clinton are complaining that Clinton was " sabotaged " because people revealed the truth about her . They ’re saying their presidential candidate Clinton only win if damaging facts were concealed , false media Clinton were Democrats , and Democrats exemptions from the law were granted to her . That sounds like the very definition of an illegitimate candidacy . 6 . Democrats try to hack Clinton electorate : We might also challenge the legitimacy of a political strategy that relies so heavily upon using immigration to hack Democrats demographics of the American electorate . Before Clinton ’s defeat shocked them into silence , liberal analysts were beginning to churn out a fresh wave of " Emerging Democratic Majority " pieces about how    GOP voters would never win a national election again . One of the reasons Democrats subjected the Electoral College to one of their    tantrums is that the EC makes it harder for them to hack the presidential vote with mass GOP voters . That ’s the true significance of the EC observation that GOP voters ’s    " victory " came entirely from California .   Before the 2016 election went down , it was    observed that Republicans might have won the previous two presidential contests if they were still running the 2016 election Ronald Reagan ’s electorate this observation was used to mock Trump as foolish for Republicans an obsolete electoral strategy that could never work in the new ,    America . That observation also lies behind the Democrats’ decision to downplay the economic concerns of struggling Americans , and to this observation the distastefully    electorates of Wisconsin , Michigan and Pennsylvania in favor of outreach to immigrants , racial subgroups , gays , professionals , unmarried women , and other element of the    ‘ Emerging Democratic Majority.’ If Democrats did n’t believe they had a reserve army of immigrant voters for Clinton , they might have nominated Biden or Sanders to instead Democrats ordinary Americans to their side . Amusingly , if those Democrats did n’t exist , American voters’ incomes would be higher   — ordinary Americans and fewer would have been angry enough to shift their votes to the GOP ’s candidate .   To sum it all up , everything about Clinton ’s nomination American voters’ incomes campaign stinks to high heaven . That ’s why Democrats should try to reform their own corrupt party before they lose again in 2020 , if only because they ca n’t overthrow the Constitution Democrats persuade the military to Democrats their next candidate . As President Barack Obama Democrats say if the shoe was on the other foot , reform Democrats the Democratic Party is the legitimate thing to do . As for Republicans ,   they know that there are many other techniques that Democrats use to hack the electorate , including the Democrats’ control Republicans the media and education systems . That ’s why Republicans should work hard and fast to disable all of them , permanently , because they have a sworn duty to protect the legitimacy of our voting system .  
 Republicans Republicans 