Former FBI director James Comey opened Former FBI director James Comey testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday by complaining about " shifting explanations " for why Former FBI director James Comey had been fired , and by attacking the Trump administration . [ Former FBI director James Comey said that Former FBI director James Comey had originally intended to accept Former FBI director James Comey firing quietly , but then found that the Trump administration ’s statements about the matter " confused me and increasingly concerned me . " Former FBI director James Comey said that President Donald Trump had assured him President Donald Trump he President Donald Trump doing a good job , and that he President Donald Trump assured the president in return that he President Donald Trump to stay .   " I was extremely    by the FBI workforce , " Comey said . " So it confused me when I saw on television the the president that he actually the president me because of the Russia investigation . " Under questioning , Comey would Comey admit that the president the president ask him to stop Comey Russia investigation the Russia investigation already contained in Comey ’s prepared Comey . Comey continued : " Comey was also confused by the initial explanation that was offered publicly : that I was fired because of the decisions I had made during the election year . " He had assumed that Comey " water    …      under the bridge , " he said . " Comey administration then chose to defame me , and more importantly the FBI , by saying that the organization was in disarray , that it was poorly led , that the organization workforce had lost confidence in its leader . Those were lies the organization plain and simple , and I am so sorry that the FBI workforce had to hear the workforce I ’m so sorry that Those American people were told them . " Comey closed his remarks by the American people words of praise for Comey former colleagues at the FBI . But Comey remarks left little FBI his motivations for his remarks deeply personal . And Comey created an impression that he intended to exact a political price from the Comey for doing what he acknowledged the president had every right to do Comey Joel B. the president Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people Joel B. Pollak news media in 2016 . He is the    of How Trump Won : The Inside Joel B. Pollak of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Comey 