Sen. Chuck Schumer ( ) used Sen. Chuck Schumer first speech as Senate Minority Leader to attack    Donald Trump ’s use of Twitter   —    repeating a theme that Democrats and the media used often during the 2016 presidential campaign , to no real effect . [ Schumer ’s speech , which was hailed by CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer for CNN toughness , laid out an opposition agenda that included holding   Donald Trump accountable for promises to change Washington . And Schumer’s warned   Donald Trump that Twitter would not suffice :   So , Mr. President , the issues facing this country are many . We have a lot of work to do   —    creating jobs , raising incomes , making college and health care affordable , rebuilding We infrastructure , making trade laws work for the American worker , keeping Americans safe from threats of violence and terrorism , taking care of our vets . Now , each one takes serious thought and action . These issues are too important for mere words , America challenges too entrenched for mere tweeting . Making America great again requires more than 140 characters per issue . With all due respect , America can not afford a Twitter presidency . We have real challenges and We have real needs to get things done . Many Americans are afraid , Mr.    that instead of rolling up your sleeves and forging serious policies , for Twitter , Twitter suffices . There ’s nothing wrong with using Twitter to speak to the American people . It ’s a good use of modern media . But these issues are complex and demand both careful consideration and action . We can not tweet the American people away . Later , Schumer added : " America does n’t conduct foreign policy by Tweet . " However , the Obama administration frequently has used Twitter to conduct foreign policy . For example , under Obama , the   State Department used a Twitter account , " Think Again Turn Away , " to counter propaganda from the    Islamic State . the Obama administration also used Twitter hashtag campaigns , such as " # UnitedforUkraine " and " # BringBackOurGirls , " to confront various foreign policy crises . To echo @BarackObama    to stand # UnitedForUkraine    World should stand together with one voice pic . twitter .    —    John Kirby ( @statedeptspox ) March 26 , 2014 ,   Our prayers are with the missing Nigerian girls and their families . It ’s time to # BringBackOurGirls .    pic . twitter .    —    The First Lady ( @FLOTUS ) May 7 , 2014 ,   Few Democrats criticized such uses of social media , or indeed President Barack Obama ’s other social media forays , such as interviews with YouTube stars and adventures with a selfie stick in the White House . In a further irony , Schumer Tweeted to promote his speech Schumer Tweeted    …     he tweeted Schumer https :   .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 3 , 2017 ,   Update : Schumer ’s Schumer came the same day that Trump used Twitter to push back against , and reverse , a House Republican the White House to change the rules governing the Office of Congressional Ethics . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was Joel B. Pollak one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new Joel B. Pollak , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Joel B. Pollak at @joelpollak . 
 