Wednesday on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " host Joe Scarborough blew up at his    Mika Brzezinski after his   Mika Brzezinski compared accusations of nepotism in the Trump White House regarding President Donald Trump and   Mika Brzezinski daughter Ivanka Trump to that of the Kennedy White House when    John F. Kennedy appointed   John F. Kennedy brother Robert Kennedy attorney general .   When his   Mika Brzezinski asked if his   Mika Brzezinski was making such a comparison , Scarborough responded by objecting to his   Mika Brzezinski question and said he his   Mika Brzezinski n’t saying Robert   John F. Kennedy Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner . Partial transcript as follows : SCARBOROUGH : Scarborough it was when my hero   —    my political hero was appointed attorney general for his brother   John F. Kennedy and Republicans did n’t like that back then . I think if you looked at Bobby Kenendy ’s record , some good things came out of that . And no   —    BRZEZINSKI : So you ’re comparing Ivanka Trump to Bobby Kennedy ? SCARBOROUGH : Scarborough do n’t have to be so snotty . I was about to say , you did n’t let me get it out . BRZEZINSKI : BRZEZINSKI was curious   —    SCARBOROUGH : You do n’t have to be so rude . The fact of the matter is that they are not Bobby Kennedy Bobby Kennedy was about to say but you wanted to get your cheap shot in so you got your cheap shot in . No , I am not saying Jared and Ivanka are Bobby Kennedy . Bobby Kennedy did a Bobby Kennedy things before he became attorney general of Bobby Kennedy United States of America . But , I am saying just like when John Kennedy had a question Bobby Kennedy called the one person he Bobby Kennedy trust in the world Bobby Kennedy Bobby Kennedy to come into the Bobby Kennedy and they sat there and talked . When Jared and Ivanka Trump needs to talk to somebody , he talks to these two people . Donald Trump may like Jared and Ivanka may not like it . But as Willie said , that ’s it reality . (   Mediaite ) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 