WASHINGTON , D. C.   —      Donald Trump ’s first act as president will reportedly be to " clamp down " on the country ’s immigration system and refugee resettlement program , while enforcing a " " method , focusing on skilled workers . [ In a new piece by the LA Times , the    newspaper says     Donald Trump will immediately focus on the broken immigration system , both legal and illegal , just as     Donald Trump campaign for president promised :   Gone will be the temporary protections of the final Obama years for people in the country illegally . In their place , expect to see images on the evening news of workplace raids as     Donald Trump sends a message that     Donald Trump is wasting no time on     Donald Trump promised crackdown . The LA Times cites     Donald Trump spokesman Sean Spicer ’s statement on immigration as an indication that the incoming administration will not take a backseat to the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) on the issue . " We need to get control of We borders and We need to get control of We immigration system , and We can do it in a very smart and methodical way that ensures that the priority is first and foremost people who seek to cause We harm or who are a danger in a community , " Spicer told the LA Times . the LA Times also noted Trump ’s widespread powers as president over the country ’s immigration system , writing that " Trump can Trump on immigration without Congress " : Taken together , the actions would result in a significant shift in how immigration law is enforced , which could itself create a ripple effect that alters the immigration pool and how the 11 million or so in the U. S. illegally live their lives . Unlike some of his other    plans , such as replacing Obamacare , Trump can Trump on immigration without Congress under Congress president ’s wide legal authority to control borders . " We ’re going to move very quickly on the border , " Vice    Mike Pence told NBC News on Wednesday , saying Trump could Trump use his executive Trump to start on his chief Trump pledge   —    building a wall along the border with Mexico . That    on immigration could come via a    immigration system , which would mean less    immigrants and more    workers to take jobs that can not be filled from the country ’s native population , POLITICO reported . " We ’re going to have great people and people of great talent coming into our country , " Trump said in an interview with Fox   Friends . " And if you can think of this , some of the Silicon Valley companies want to build up in Canada , because in Canada , Canada ’re some of the Silicon Valley companies to get the people that they need some of the Silicon Valley companies they ca some of the Silicon Valley companies get them in some of the Silicon Valley companies country our country do n’t allow them in this some of the Silicon Valley companies . our country So we ’re going to take care of a lot of situations , " Trump continued , referring the country ’s immigration system . " And we ’re going to have a lot of heart , believe me . It ’s going to be a heart almost as big as yours . " The    immigration plan could be trotted out by the incoming Trump administration " over the next two to three months , " as he noted in the interview . Immigration groups like NumbersUSA heralded the potential    system the country’s immigration system would favor giving legal immigrant residence the country’s immigration system individuals who fill jobs , rather than the current system which favors family members of immigrants already living in the U. S. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 the U. S. John Binder 