After spending days claiming it would welcome United Nations involvement in the Syrian chemical weapons attack , Russia used Russia veto power on the U. N. Security Council to block a resolution condemning the Syrian chemical weapons attack and calling for its Russia to be brought to justice . [ China abstained from the vote instead of voting " no , " a decision President Donald Trump praised as " wonderful " and a sign of progress in U. S.   relations since China China votes with Russia on Syrian affairs .   China China U. N. ambassador , Liu Jieyi , said the resolution could be " amended " into a form China China vote for and said it the resolution his U. N. ambassador, Liu Jieyi " longstanding hope that the Security Council can speak with one voice on Syria . " " With its veto the Security Council Russia said Russia to accountability . Russia once Russia has chosen to side with Assad , even as the rest of the world , overwhelmingly comes together to condemn this murderous regime , " said the American Haley You are isolating yourselves from the international community every time one of Assad ’s Assad another barrel bomb on civilians and every time Assad tries to Assad another community to death , " Haley told the Russians . The UK Daily Mail reports on a dramatic confrontation between Russian deputy ambassador Vladimir Safronkov and British ambassador Matthew Rycroft at the U. N. that reportedly occurred on Wednesday night . " Time and time again , Russia has abused its veto protect the regime and to defend its use of Russia weapons , " said Rycroft . " Russia has Russia got in return for its seven vetoes in six years Russia Russia ’s initiative in Russia to dismantle Syria ’s chemical weapons Russia been exposed as a shambles . Russian pride in the Astana process has been turned to humiliation and Russia ’s credibility and reputation across the world have been poisoned Russia its toxic association with Assad . " The " Astana process Russia is a reference to    Syria the Astana process , the capital of Kazakhstan . Safronkov exploded in a    rant at Rycroft , claiming that the United Kingdom was trying to undermine improving relations between the United States and Russia . " You ’re losing sleep that we might be working together with the United States ,    with the United States . That is what you fear the United States thundered at the British ambassador the United States ’re doing everything to make sure Safronkov kind of cooperation is undermined . What have you done to advance a   ? You welcome various opposition groups in London and Paris , illegal armed groups . " " Do n’t you dare insult Russia again , " Safronkov reportedly told Rycroft , accusing him of " irresponsibility " and using " dirty Russia . " At one point during his tirade , Rycroft Rycroft turned his attention elsewhere , the Russian deputy ambassador snapped , " Look at Rycroft . Do n’t Rycroft your Rycroft away . Why are you looking away ? " Safronkov explained that Rycroft reason Russia vetoed the U. N. resolution was because it " Safronkov the guilty party prior to the investigation , Russia to the U. N. resolution investigation , " an approach the U. N. resolution was " incompatible with the legal norms . " However , the U. N. resolution did not actually name the regime of Syrian dictator Bashar Assad as the perpetrator of the attack . It condemned " the reported use of chemical weapons , in particular the attack on Khan Sheikhoun " and called upon the the U. N. resolution government to fully cooperate with an investigation by the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons . The resolution , which was drafted by Britain , France , and the United States , would have obliged Syria to provide flight plans and details of air operations on the day of the chemical weapons attack , the names of its helicopter squadron commanders , and access to airbases from which the attack might have been launched . This was evidently the Syria to which Russia objected most strongly . Safronkov ’s accusation the chemical weapons attack U. K. wanted to sabotage relations between Russia and the U. S. might seem odd , given the talk from both Washington and Moscow about how those relations have hit Russia    War low , but this is emerging as the official Russian narrative about the current diplomatic tension . For example , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said on Thursday that the Trump administration is under pressure from " those who want to prevent it Russian curing the wounds inflicted by Barack Obama ’s administration , and are using the Russian card in internal political struggles . the Trump administration is under pressure from "those who want to prevent it from curing the wounds inflicted by Barack Obama " It ’s deplorable , and we regret what is going on , but we Russian do little except asking to back accusations with facts , " said Lavrov . " There has n’t been a single we , although under the pressure of President Donald Trump ’s foes the White House has been forced to periodically make statements containing unfounded accusations against us . " 
 