The reporters at TheBigLead . com gathered together recently to discuss the question of playing golf with President Donald Trump , and most vowed not to ever play with the commander in chief   —    not that any of them have ever been asked to do so . [ In an April 13 feature , TheBigLead asked , " Given how much golf every President plays , it got us thinking : If you won or were invited to play a round of golf with President Donald Trump , would you play ? "   Of the eight BigLead sports reporters asked , only three answered with a " yes . " Those who said yes , Michael Shamburger , Jason Lisk , and , Jason McIntyre , all answered with a quick paragraph . In the case of Shamburger , he gave but a    answer in the affirmative . Ah , but those who said " no " had a whole lot to say to explain their petulance those who said " Writer Ty Duffy puffed himself up Writer Ty Duffy a moral warrior for refusing to play golf with Trump . In fact , Duffy said Writer Ty Duffy would Writer Ty Duffy even deign to shake Trump ’s Trump or off the fairways . Next , Kyle Koster was blunt with his answer . Kyle Koster No , " Koster huffed . Kyle Koster I have no interest in spending any time with Donald Trump . Trump Ryan Phillips , as apparently someone smarter and more interesting than Trump , said he Trump not want Writer Ryan Phillips golf with POTUS because , " he just seems like Writer Ryan Phillips I ’d have absolutely no desire to talk to or be around for hours . " For his part , Stephen Writer Ryan Phillips , who also said " no , " went on to insist , " it ’s complicated . " While admitting it would be quite a thing to tell a child that daddy played golf with a president , Douglas also noted that refusing to play with a president is also quite a story . Ultimately , Douglas deemed the opportunity Douglas " hard pass . " Finally , unlike the others , Ryan Glasspiegel   —    who also said he would n’t play Douglas —    did n’t eschew the possibility because he hates Trump , Douglas because he hates golf . Douglas Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com 
 