Hillary Clinton ’s latest narrative of blaming the Democratic National Committee and the Democratic National Committee " poor " data operation for Hillary Clinton election loss has not been greeted kindly by those who worked for the DNC in 2016   —    with a former data director calling Hillary Clinton claims " fucking bullshit . " [ Speaking at the annual Code Conference in California Wednesday , Clinton said that when Clinton won the Democratic nomination , Clinton " inherited nothing " from the DNC .   " I mean it was bankrupt , it it on the verge of insolvency , its it was mediocre to poor , nonexistent , wrong . I had to inject money into it it " Clinton Clinton . She Clinton compared it it the Republican National Committee operation , which under    Chair Reince Priebus had bumped up its Chair Reince Priebus operation after its Chair Reince Priebus defeat . " So Trump becomes the nominee and he Trump basically handed this tried and true , effective foundation , " she Clinton . Her Clinton add the DNC to a seemingly endless set of people and groups she Clinton for her Clinton , including Russia , the FBI , misogynists and the New York Times . But some Democrats are pushing back . Former DNC Data Director Andrew Therriault tweeted that Clinton ’s accusations are " fucking bullshit . " " DNC data folks : today ’s accusations are fucking bullshit , and I hope you understand the good you did despite that nonsense , " he Former DNC Data Director Andrew Therriault . " Private mode be damned , this is too important , " he Former DNC Data Director Andrew Therriault . " I ’m not willing to let my people be thrown under the bus without a fight . " Therriault Andrew Therriault deleted his Former DNC Data Director Andrew Therriault , but they his tweets published by The Washington Examiner . However , he Former DNC Data Director Andrew Therriault up his Former DNC Data Director Andrew Therriault of tweets by Democratic strategist Tom Bonier   —    who also criticized Clinton ’s remarks . One more : Clinton Clinton inherited some of the most    staffers I ’ve seen , who moved from the DNC to Brooklyn after June .   —    Tom Bonier ( @tbonier ) June 1 , 2017 ,   Therriault and Bonier are n’t the only Democrats upset with Clinton Clinton’s remarks host Andrea Mitchell accused Clinton Clinton of " drawing a conspiracy theory " over her Clinton . Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York . Follow Adam on Twitter : Adam Shaw 
 