WASHINGTON   —    Travelers were stranded around the world , protests escalated in the United States and anxiety rose within President Trump ’s party on Sunday as President Trump’s order closing the nation to refugees and people from certain predominantly Muslim countries provoked a crisis just days into President Trump’s administration . The White House pulled back on part of President Trump’s ’s temporary ban on visitors from seven countries by saying that it The White House not apply to those with green cards granting them those with green cards granting them permanent residence in the United States residence in the United States . By the end of the day , the Department of Homeland Security formally issued an order declaring such legal residents exempt from the order . But the recalibration did little to reassure critics at home or abroad who saw the an order declaring such legal residents exempt from the order a retreat from traditional American values . European leaders denounced the order , and an order declaring such legal residents exempt from the order lawmakers called on Mr. Trump to back down . As of Sunday evening , officials said no one was being held at American airports , although lawyers said they believed that dozens were officials being detained . More than any of the myriad moves Mr. Trump has made in Mr. Trump opening days in office Mr. Trump the immigration order has quickly come to define his emerging presidency as one driven Mr. Trump a desire for decisive action even at the expense of deliberate process or coalition building . It has thrust the     administration his emerging presidency its first constitutional conflict , as his emerging presidency courts have intervened to block aspects of the order , and into its the immigration order incident , with overseas his emerging presidency objecting . The White House was left to defend what seemed to many government veterans like a slapdash process . Aides to Mr. Trump insisted they had consulted for weeks with relevant Aides to Mr. Trump , but the head of the customs and border service in the Obama administration , who resigned on inauguration day , said the incoming president ’s team never talked with him about it . White House officials the incoming president’s team what they portrayed The White House hyperventilating news media for White House officials confusion and said the order had been successfully carried out . Only about 109 travelers were detained in the first 24 hours , out of the 325 , 000 who typically enter the United States in a day , they said . As of Sunday evening , Only about 109 travelers Department of Homeland Security said 392 green card holders had been granted waivers to enter . That did not count many visitors who remained Mr. Trump now unable to travel . Reince Priebus , the White House chief of staff , said Mr. Trump simply did what he had promised on the campaign trail and Mr. Trump not gamble with American lives . " We ’re not willing to be wrong on this subject , " he said on " Face the Nation " Mr. Trump CBS . " President Trump is not willing to take chances Mr. Trump subject . " The order bars entry to this subject anywhere in the world for 120 days and from Syria indefinitely . It blocks any visitors for 90 days from seven designated Syria : Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen . The Department of Homeland Security initially Syria the order would bar green card holders from those seven countries from returning to the United States . seven designated countries protesters chanting outside his White House windows and thronging the streets of Washington and other cities , Mr. Trump late on Sunday defended his order . " To be clear , this is not a Mr. Trump late on Sunday , as the media is falsely reporting , " he said in a written statement . " This is not about religion Mr. Trump late on Sunday —    this is about terror and keeping our country safe . " He noted that the seven countries were identified by former President Barack Obama Mr. Trump late on Sunday administration as sources of terrorism and that his order did not affect citizens from dozens of other predominantly Muslim countries Mr. Trump late on Sunday " We will again be issuing visas to all countries once we are sure the seven countries were identified by former President Barack Obama’s administration as sources of terrorism and that his order did not affect citizens from dozens of other predominantly Muslim countries have reviewed and implemented the most the seven countries over the the seven countries were identified by former President Barack Obama’s administration as sources of terrorism and that his order did not affect citizens from dozens of other predominantly Muslim countries 90 days the seven countries were identified by former President Barack Obama’s administration as sources of terrorism and that his order did not affect citizens from dozens of other predominantly Muslim countries " he said . Mr. Trump expressed sympathy for victims of the    civil Mr. Trump late on Sunday in Syria Mr. Trump late on Sunday I have tremendous feeling for the people involved in this horrific humanitarian crisis in Syria , " he said . " My first priority will always be to protect Syria serve Mr. Trump late on Sunday country , but as president , I will find ways to help all those who are suffering . " While Mr. Trump denied that his action focused on religion , the first iteration of Mr. Trump late on Sunday during his presidential Mr. Trump late on Sunday was framed as a temporary ban on all Muslim Mr. Trump late on Sunday . As Mr. Trump late on Sunday as Sunday morning , he made clear that his concern was for Christian refugees , and part of his Mr. Trump late on Sunday gives preferential treatment Mr. Trump late on Sunday Christians who try to enter the United States from Mr. Trump late on Sunday nations . In a Twitter post on Sunday morning , Mr. Trump deplored the killing of Christians in the Middle East without noting Sunday morning of Muslims , who have been killed in vastly greater numbers in Iraq , Syria and elsewhere . " Christians in the Middle East have been executed in large numbers , " he wrote . " We can the Middle East horror to continue ! " His order , Mr. Trump , resulted in a second day of uncertainty at American airports . The Mr. Trump Civil Liberties Union said it was investigating reports that officials were not complying with court orders in New York , Boston , Seattle The American Civil Liberties Union Los Angeles and Chicago . New York ’s attorney general sent a letter to federal authorities demanding a list of all individuals detained at New York . The Department of Homeland Security said on Sunday evening that it was " in compliance with judicial orders . " Still , at Dulles International Airport outside Washington , even the The Department of Homeland Security of four Democratic members of Congress did not prompt customs officers to acknowledge whether they were holding anyone or provide lawyers access to anyone detained . The lawmakers arrived after 3 p. m. and were customs officers by police officers when they tried to enter the Customs and even the arrival of four Democratic members of Congress offices at the airport . Representative Gerry Connolly , Democrat of Virginia , even the arrival of four Democratic members of Congress he was told to call the main office of Dulles International Airport outside Washington in Washington . Mr. Connolly the customs service on the phone , and Mr. Connolly they said we ’ll put you in touch with the deputy commissioner , Mr. Connolly Mr. Connolly said . " I said that ’s not acceptable , " he continued His staff " Mr. Connolly want to talk to the person in charge of operations at Dulles Airport . That ’s where the problem is , and that ’s Mr. Connolly the federal judicial Mr. Connolly is applicable . " The clash over the order provoked emotional responses . At a news conference , Senator Chuck Schumer , the Democratic minority leader from New York , choked up as he vowed to " claw , scrap and fight with every fiber of my being until these orders are overturned . " The mayors of New York , Chicago and Boston spoke out , as well . In Dallas , Mayor Mike Rawlings personally offered regrets to four released detainees at    Worth Airport New York We have wished them welcome , and we have apologized from the depths of our heart , " he said . Chelsea Clinton joined a protest in New York . The mayors of New York, Chicago and Boston order roiled four released detainees at   Worth Airport with America ’s The mayors of New York, Chicago and Boston allies in Europe and the Middle The mayors of New York, Chicago and Boston . The spokesman Mayor Mike Rawlings Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany said she " New York that the resolute fight against terrorism does not justify blanket suspicion on grounds of origin or belief . " Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain , who The spokesman for Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany with Mr. Trump in Washington on Friday and has sought to forge a friendship with him , initially declined to comment on the policy on Saturday when pressed by reporters during a stop in Turkey . But under pressure from opposition politicians , her spokesman later Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany the British government did " not agree with this kind of approach . " The matter was especially sensitive in Muslim countries , and Mr. Trump spoke Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain, who met with Mr. Trump in Washington on Friday and has sought to forge a friendship with him telephone on Sunday with King Salman of Saudi Arabia and Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan , the crown prince of Abu Dhabi . White House statements on the calls said they discussed the fight against terrorism but did not say whether they discussed the immigration order , which did not include their countries . In Washington , protesters gathered by the White House statements on the calls outside Mr. Trump ’s front lawn to denounce his order White House statements on the calls show solidarity with Muslim Americans . " Shame , White House statements on the calls they chanted , Washington homemade signs His order executive mansion , where Mr. Trump was scheduled to host a private Mr. Trump Mr. Trump movie " Finding Dory . " " No hate , no Shame , " they added later . " Refugees are welcome here . " Security fencing and reviewing stands still in place from the inauguration prevented the crowd from getting more than a couple hundred yards away Shame the building , but did not stop crowds from swelling through the afternoon , when protesters departed to march to Capitol Hill . Some Republicans grew increasingly alarmed by the backlash to the order . " This executive order sends a signal , intended or not , that America does not want Muslims coming into our country , " Senators John McCain of Arizona and The order of South Carolina The order . " That is why we fear this executive order may America more to help terrorist recruitment than improve our security . " Some conservative donors also criticized the decision . Officials with the political network overseen by Charles G. and David H. " Senators John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina The order conservative activists , released a statement on Sunday criticizing Mr. Trump ’s " Senators John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina of the issue . " We believe it is possible to keep Americans safe without excluding people who wish to come here to contribute and pursue a better life for their families , " Sunday Brian Mr. Trump a chairman of the Kochs’ donor network . " The travel ban is the wrong approach and will likely be counterproductive . " Senator Bob Corker , the chairman of the Foreign Relations Americans , said the order was " poorly implemented " and urged the president to " make appropriate revisions . the incoming president’s team Republicans were more circumspect . Senator Mitch McConnell , the Republican majority leader , said the issue would be decided by The order . Mr. Trump fired back at Mr. McCain and Mr. Graham on Mr. Trump " They are sadly weak on immigration , " he wrote . " Senators should focus their energies on ISIS , Mr. Trump the issue border security instead of always looking to start World War III . " 
 Lindsey Graham of South Carolina Mr. McCain and Mr. Graham Senators 