To celebrate St. Patrick ’s Day weekend , I followed Ireland ’s and arguably the world ’s greatest golfer at the Bay Hill Classic . [ Rory started Friday one over par and far back of the leader , Charley Hoffman , who sat at 10 under . Consequently , it was an earlier than usual tee time . He played with Jim Herman , a     journeyman who had He first tour win at the Shell Houston Open last year . Rory walked up onto the first tee and shook hands with all the volunteers and scoring officials . Rory immediately started chatting up Jim Herman . Rory ’s a natural conversationalist . If you ’re a golfer or a first baseman , it ’s important to always have something to talk about because there ’s a lot of waiting around . After the players tee off there ’s a mass exodus from the stands as most people are there to follow Rory ’s group .   First Rory Rory a pedestrian par . I ran into his Rory Gerry McIlroy on the first green . I met him Rory few times over the years at tournaments and he Rory one of the most affable guys around . He Rory so welcoming , in fact , that I had visions of him Rory taking a liking to me Rory asking if I would become Rory Rory business manager . That never happened sadly , but he Rory sort of remembers me . Maybe there’ still a chance I could take over Rory Rory’s . Second Hole —   Rory Rory the green on a tough par three and thins a chip shot 20 feet past the hole .   The ball was on a severe downhill but he Rory elected to chip it . The ball asked my buddy Gerry if he Rory with that call , and he Rory , " Yes , without a doubt . " That ’s good enough for me Rory   All ’s well that ends well as he Rory the putt for par . Third Hole —   Another    par for Rory . On his Rory shot some idiot in the crowd yelled , " Bababooey . " I made an effort to track him down Bababooey box their ears the crowd no avail . I ’m doing my part as a golf vigilante , though . Fourth Hole —   Rory is Rory par for the round with a great up and down for birdie . His Rory shot into the    hole went left into the crowd the crowd Rory a classy chip to six feet and made the putt . Fifth Hole —   Rory hits Rory iron off the tee to get into position for the short par four . Nobody clapped after the shot even His second shot into the   hole appeared perfect . His second shot into the   hole one person had started clapping then everyone else would have . It ’s like singing one person had started clapping church . This phenomenon should have a name if it does n’t already This phenomenon He just misses a downhill    and makes par . Sixth Hole —   This is a beautiful par five that bends around a lake . An osprey diving into the water for fish entertains the crowd . The bird actually caught a fish and flew to a nearby tree to consume his catch . It He the Nature The bird and the Golf Channel . We are definitely getting our money ’s worth We Rory hits a huge drive and a monster long iron over the flag . He two putts for He and is now two under and looking sharp .   Seventh Hole —   Rory hits a towering Rory shot on the long par three . There is an audible gasp from the crowd as the ball reaches its apex . It the ball really a the ball to behold and McIlroy is the only player in the world that can hit these shots . It goes 15 feet the ball the hole but he misses the birdie McIlroy and makes par . Eighth Hole —   Rory gets another birdie chance on the tough par four . I approach Gerry , and say , " How about he makes this and McIlroy a 65 ? " Gerry says , " Gerry good to me . " So Gerry he ’s onboard . McIlroy misses the birdie McIlroy Ninth the birdie putt   Another birdie putt goes begging on the tough    ninth . Rory is two under for Rory round but could easily be four or five under with the way he ’s striking the McIlroy . As the crowd walks to the tenth hole , U. S. Open and Olympic gold medalist Justin Rose tries to walk the other way to the range . Pretty funny to see Rose fight the crowd while Justin Rose a the crowd range balls . One guy nonchalantly says , " Hey Justin " and Rose , to his credit , Justin Rose nice enough One guy smile and " Hey " back . Tenth Hole —   Rory opens the back nine with a birdie to get to three under . As he walks to the next tee One guy inebriated college kid yells , " Rory you have to shake my Rory ’s hand , he has the same name as One guy . " I ask him if his friend ’s name One guy Rory my friend’s , unsurprisingly , it ’s just the first name . Rory his friend’s name up the chance to Rory his friend ’s hand but fist Rory with my friend’s because his extended fist is blocking his Rory . Drunken college guy Rory a treat . He ’s in a good spot now still fun and Drunken college guy . It ’s only noon , so I shudder to think what 5 p. m. will bring . He did tell me about how Rory ’s playing partner Drunken college guy Herman Rory sponsorship from Trump early in his playing career . Trump played a lot of golf Drunken college guy Herman , who Trump as an assistant pro at Trump ’s course in Bedminster , New Jersey . He Trump how good Herman was and implored him to Trump his dream on the PGA Tour . Herman ’s instincts Herman correct once again .   As Trump by drunk college guy yells out , " Herman Herman " and then " Trump , Trump , Trump Herman Trump , Trump ! " Good times . Eleventh Hole — Trump Another birdie to get to four under for the round ! We may have something brewing here . A guy had an awesome Fathead of Rory and I wanted to take a picture for the article . But every picture I took he was grabbing his girlfriend ’s butt . Unacceptable . What A guy of a A guy does he think we ’re running around here ? Twelfth Hole — A guy On We reachable par five , Rory ’s drive just trickles into the sand . Gerry says Rory way he can reach in two . He hits out to 85 A guy . After an indifferent approach A guy , he drains an    for his third birdie in a row A guy There ’s now a A guy in the air . Thirteenth Hole —   After a good drive and an excellent approach shot , Rory has    for birdie . He just misses and that is deflating . It looked like Rory birdies in a row . I see his lovely mom Rosie and try and worm my way into Rory McIlroy ’s good graces even more . I approach her and ask if she ’s Gerry ’s better half ? his lovely mom Rosie does n’t hear his lovely mom Rosie and I then mumble hello . his lovely mom Rosie a good start . I ask if she is staying with Rory at his house in Jupiter , his lovely mom Rosie . She looks at me Rory as if to say , no his lovely mom Rosie my son is worth over 100 million dollars , I think he can afford to buy us a house in Florida . my son ’s looking unlikely I ’ll ever get control Florida the McIlroy fortune . She was very nice though and was happy to hear about his lovely mom Rosie Herman ’s Shell Open win late in his career . Fourteenth Hole —   Tough par three and Jim Herman’s hits a decent shot 20 feet below the pin . Jim Herman’s just misses and what could have been a phenomenal round may just be a good round . I ’m seeing a lot of pretty girls on the course . This is expected at PGA events . They get dolled up as well . A number of these woman are wearing    wedge shoes . They can barely stand , let alone walk around the course A number of these woman Very impractical ladies . We appreciate the effort the course rather you just wore running shoes so we would n’t have to worry about you turning an ankle . We    Rory makes par on the difficult par 4 . As he waits on the green for Herman to putt , he ’s looking down and fiddling with his ball . A young he in my area jokingly asks those he him , " is he texting ? " There ’s hope for A young kid in my area next generation . A young kid in my area Hole —   This is an easy par five but Rory ’s tee shot goes well right into the high rough and on a downhill slope . It ’s a really difficult shot as he also faces a creek This front of the green . People A young kid in my area crowd think he will lay up but he chooses to go for the green A young kid in my area He somehow digs it A young kid in my area and gets it pin the green just A young kid in my area the green . the green chip is decent the green he ca n’t make the the green A young kid in my area the putt tough finishing holes A young kid in my area looks like he will be lucky to hold on and shoot five under . Seventeenth Hole A young kid in my area   On the treacherous    par three over water , Rory hits an excellent tee shot to Rory feet . He then drains the putt . The gallery is the putt as big as when A young kid in my area started . Eighteenth Hole —   This is the second most difficult hole on A young kid in my area course . Rory hits Rory huge drive then stuffs an approach shot to 14 the course My prediction to Gerry of a 65 is definitely in play Gerry Speaking of Gerry , I have n’t seen him in four holes . There ’s a Gerry the whole McIlroy clan is avoiding me A young kid in my area Rory McIlroy with a flair for the dramatic Rory drains the putt to shoot 65 ! He the putt back into contention for the championship Rory What Rory great day at Bay Hill . Check back here for Dan Redmond ’s recap of the final round tomorrow . 
 