LGBT writer Skylar    refused to accept homosexuals who " come out " as supporters of President Trump in a new article for The Independent , encouraging others in the LGBT community to cut ties with gay conservatives . [ In the article ,    responded to OUT magazine ’s Chadwick Moore , who came out as a conservative on Saturday and explained how the LGBT community started to ignore , reject , and cut ties with him after he wrote a him profile on Breitbart Senior Editor MILO and expressed conservative political beliefs .   " Gay conservatives are n’t welcome in gay spaces because the people they support are Gay conservatives existential threat to our rights and our community , " claimed    condemning homosexual conservatives including Moore and MILO . " After all , queer spaces ( such as bars , bathhouses , community centres , and even bookstores ) were founded and instrumental in radical sexual politics and political engagement . You ca n’t divorce that from the social aspect , because doing so would deny the history of our community and the present reality of so many vulnerable LGBT people . " " Asking that the gay community our community your politics is like one turkey asking another to be okay that he voted for the farmer and Thanksgiving , " he continued . " I he n’t care if this hurts someone ’s feelings I ’m more concerned with the harm their vote causes . So until American conservatism welcomes queer people , queer people should n’t welcome American conservatives . Even if American ’re queer themselves . American conservatives , Chad American conservatives Maybe Milo will buy you a drink . "    further attacked homosexual conservatives on his Twitter account , where Milo added : " I Milo no time for gay American conservatives . Go cry your tears elsewhere . " I have no time for gay American no time for gay American conservatives elsewhere . gay American conservatives the Independent : https : your tears    —    Skylar    ( @SkylarJordan ) February 13 , 2017 ,   During his article coming out as Milo conservative on Saturday , Chadwick Moore explained how he had been ousted from LGBT circles and cut off from his best Chadwick Moore , who no longer wanted to have anything to do Chadwick Moore him . " I decided to go out to my local gay bar Chadwick Moore Williamsburg , where I ’ve been a regular for 11 years . I ordered a drink but nothing felt the same half the place   —    people with whom I ’d shared many laughs   —    seemed to be giving me the cold shoulder , " Moore recalled . " Upon seeing me , a friend who normally greets Chadwick Moore with a hug and kiss pivoted and turned away   …      My best friend , with whom I typically hung out multiple times per week , was suddenly perpetually unavailable . Finally , on Christmas Eve , he sent me a long text , calling me a monster , asking Chadwick Moore my heart and soul went , and saying that all our other friends are laughing at me . " " I began to realize that maybe my opinions just did n’t fit in with the liberal status quo , which seems to mean that you must absolutely hate Trump , his supporters and everything they believe , " he concluded , adding , Chadwick Moore It can seem like liberals are actually Chadwick Moore free speech if it fails to conform with the way they think . And I do It want to be a part of liberals club anymore . " Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook . 
 Charlie Nash Charlie Nash 