In comments on CNN , Trump spokesperson Kellyanne Conway said that the Obama administration ’s new moves against Russia are likely designed to " box in "    Donald Trump before Donald Trump even takes office . [ Trump spokesperson Kellyanne Conway appeared on CNN ’s Anderson Cooper 360 on December 30 and noted that accusations that Russia hacked the 2016 election are rising to a " fever pitch " since Donald Trump won the White House . She also Anderson Cooper out that Obama seems to have motives other than serious foreign policy behind his moves .   Kellyanne Conway wonders if Russian sanctions were intended to restrict Trump https :   .   https :   .    —    Anderson Cooper 360 ° ( @AC360 ) December 30 , 2016 ,   " Even those who are sympathetic to President Obama Obama issues are saying that part of the reason he did this Obama was to quote , ‘ box in’    Trump , " Conway said . Conway did not Conway accuse the President of Obama bad faith . " I was quoting David Sanger ’s piece in The New York Times , " Conway insisted . " Conway am merely saying that if The New York Times’ report is true and credible , that that would be very unfortunate if politics were the motivating factor here , but we ca n’t help but think that that ’s often true . " The incoming President ’s adviser also pointed out that Trump is " not in favor of foreign governments interfering in our elections or interfering in our intelligence , but our ’re also not our favor of our intelligence interfering with our after the fact . " Earlier that Friday , President Obama took the The incoming President’s of ejecting dozens of Russian diplomats from the country as he ramped up his response The incoming President’s his charge The incoming President’s Russian hackers The incoming President’s in the Russian elections . Despite Obama ’s constant claim , The incoming President’s , no actual proof has been forthcoming that Russia hacked our elections . In response the November elections ’s ouster of 35 The incoming President’s officials , Russian strongman Russian Putin dismissed Russian ’s actions and did The incoming President’s retaliate in kind as he has in the past . Russian strongman Vladimir Putin Reserving the right to retaliate , we will not resort to the level of irresponsible ‘ kitchen’ diplomacy , " Putin said in a Friday statement Russian strongman Vladimir Putin calling it " regrettable " that Obama Reserving the choosing to end The incoming President’s administration with such a provocative Russian strongman Vladimir Putin . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 