On Thursday ’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel ’s " Tucker Carlson Tonight , " DNC Senior Adviser and head of the Democrats’ Trump War Room Zac Petkanas reacted to President Trump revoking President Obama ’s guidelines on transgendered students by stating , " President Trump is not only a monster , but he President Trump a coward . We ’re talking about somebody who is so emasculated by Vladimir Putin   …     that he President Trump to come back and pick on vulnerable kids . "   Zac Petkanas said , " This is guidance that was provided to schools that schools wanted and asked for , and it is very   —    it ’s for a very specific reason , they guidance that was provided to schools that schools wanted and asked to create a safe environment for all the kids in their guidance that was provided to schools that schools wanted and asked , and they guidance that was provided to schools that schools wanted and asked to avoid Title IX lawsuits . I mean , that ’s what ’s so    about what the Trump administration did today . He    away practical guidance to school administrators and principals , who were looking to create this safe environment , and were looking to not get sued for Title IX violations . " He    , " Donald Trump is not only a monster , but he Donald Trump a coward . We ’re talking about somebody who is so emasculated by Vladimir Putin , that he Vladimir Putin to come back   —    no no   —    that he Vladimir Putin to come back and pick on vulnerable kids . " The discussion then turned to the issue of transgenderism writ large . Petkanas stated that " One ’s gender identity is enough to show what gender they One’s gender identity . " Petkanas Petkanas asked what would prevent host Tucker Carlson from playing on a women ’s sports team , serving a prison sentence in a women ’s prison . He Petkanas that there are n’t any examples of anyone doing this . After Petkanas Petkanas later in the interview that " Your gender identity determines your gender , period . " Carlson host Tucker Carlson if this would mean he host Tucker Carlson go to a women ’s college or qualify for an SBA loan for    small businesses if he host Tucker Carlson as a woman . Petkanas answered in the affirmative , and    that gender identity determines gender . When asked if you could identify as another race , Petkanas Petkanas that you ca n’t , and dismissed this as a " silly " hypothetical . Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 