Last weekend , Women ’s Marches were held in cities all over the globe but    women were not welcome .    activists in Texas will be convening at Texas’ Capitol Last weekend to demonstrate their activists in Texas during the 44th anniversary of Roe v. Wade . [ The march in Washington , D. C. this past weekend " [ d]espite its lip service to ‘ diversity,’ " " turned out to be just another front for the abortion lobby , promoted by Planned Parenthood and its cronies its " reported Breitbart News . It was " nothing more than a front for the U. S. abortion lobby " that " quashed attempts of    feminists to participate . "   Breitbart News Breitbart News the event pitched as a " ’grassroots effort,’ in reality , [ was ] a massive    choreographed assembly paid for by major donors such as George Soros and Planned Parenthood . " The list of " Partners " of the event in the nation ’s capitol included : Catholics for Choice , the Center for Reproductive Rights , The Coalition of Nasty Women , EMILY ’s List , Free the Nipple , GLAAD , NARAL    America Foundation , National Abortion Federation , National Center for Lesbian Rights , National Institute for Reproductive Health , Pussyhat Project , and Planned Parenthood . Although only    women were allowed to officially participate in the march , Breitbart News reported that the president of America ’s largest organization of    youth " crashed " the march . the march , president of Students for Life of America , wrote on America Facebook page   —    " Yeah so they would n’t let Kristan Hawkins, president of Students for Life of America in their march so we Kristan Hawkins, president of Students for Life of America ran ahead us got in the front . " She did so after her posted a photo her her group holding a her " Abortion Betrays Women : # . org . " This weekend    women , men , and families will be traveling from all over the state to attend the 2017 Texas Rally for Life on the south steps of the Texas Capitol in Austin . According to the event website , www . TexasRallyforLife . org , more than 57 million unborn children have been aborted since that 1973 U. S. Supreme Court decision . A schedule of the time of the event , and where to    to march to the Texas Capitol , is Texas on the website    The the event website be held from 2:00 to 3:00 on the south side of the capital building . Melissa Ohden , an abortion attempt survivor and the author of the book , " You Carried Me , " is the keynote speaker at the rally this Saturday . The rally Texas Rally for Life commemorates the tragic Roe v. Wade Supreme Court decision . That decision struck down Texas law the tragic Roe v. Wade Supreme Court decision babies from abortion , a law that had been on the books since 1865 . We expect thousands of Texans from across the state to converge at the Capitol in Austin to show the Legislature and the media that Texas is   . More than 40 Texas organizations across the state have formed a host committee the state and promote this event . Texas Alliance for Life is proud to be one of them , " Joe Pojman , Ph . More than 40   organizations across the state executive director for Texas Alliance for Life told Breitbart Texas . Texas Alliance for Life Texas    students from across Texas will converge in Austin , Texas for Texas fourth annual Boots on the Texas Conference , " Melissa Conway , director for external relations for Texas Right to Life told Breitbart Texas . The Texas Right to Life Texas , " This Texas ’s conference theme focuses on uniting Life groups on one common cause : to make abortion unthinkable . Promoting the equal right to life for all human beings , including the    is a message that these students plan to voice by their participation in the    Rally for Life . " Conway said that these students students will be carrying # DismemberRoe signs that show the importance of these students    and ending the atrocity of abortion . Texas Right to Life is proud to lead the way for Life by equipping and empowering college students with the knowledge and tools needed to advance the Culture of Life in local communities and college campuses across the state . Texas State Representative Briscoe Cain (   Park ) told Breitbart Texas " On Texas , Texans   will be gathering on the Capitol grounds to march united against the abortion cartel . I stand with them in the Texas Capitol . " Many of the representatives in Texas are    Texans   Texas has Texas a leader in passing    legislation . As Texas by Breitbart Texas Texas June , the United States Supreme    issued a decision which was Breitbart Texas blow to Texas abortion law by striking down Texas House Bill 2 ( HB 2 ) . Texas a    decision , the Texas ’s highest court struck the legislation signed into law in 2013 . The case the United States Supreme Court et al . v. Hellerstedt overturned provisions that Texas representatives said were designed to improve the quality of care for women and improve Texas sanitary conditions of surgical centers used to provide women ’s health services . Kellyanne Conway , counselor to President Trump , and Baltimore Ravens tight end Benjamin Watson , are headlining the 2017 March for Life that will be held Friday in Washington , D. C. on the national mall , as reported by Breitbart News . The march will begin at the mall and end at the U. S. Supreme Court building . Lana Shadwick is the 2017 March for Life that will be held Friday in Washington, D. C. on the national mall writer and legal analyst the national mall Texas . She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas . Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2 . 
 Lana Shadwick Lana Shadwick Breitbart Texas 