WASHINGTON   —    With Twitter posts , leaks and executive orders , President Trump is moving quickly to show President Trump will make good on some of President Trump key campaign pledges . Within a    period this week , President Trump ordered or signaled significant new policies on border security , terrorism , crime and voting . But as President Trump predecessor learned in 2009 when he ordered President Trump military prison at Guantánamo Bay closed , implementing policy is not as easy as the stroke of a pen . Details to carry out security policies exceed Twitter ’s    limit and in some cases the public can only infer Mr. Trump President Trump Here is what he has promised , President Trump what authority he has to carry President Trump out . No Mr. Trump’s plans promise came to symbolize Mr. Trump ’s candidacy President Trump to build a wall President Trump the United States and Mexico . The costs and logistical headaches of such a project   —    which would cut through private property   —    have always been daunting , but Mr. Trump ’s supporters were unfazed President Trump the wall ! " they chanted . On Wednesday , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s supporters an order to build it President Trump that work would begin immediately on a project that is estimated to cost more than $ 20 billion . He offered few details , including any that would President Trump the fact that Congress , not the White House , writes the checks . The Antideficiency Act prohibits the government from spending money for any reason that Congress has not appropriated . The president can announce whatever plans he wants . But whether the plan is " The president a wall " or " close Guantánamo , " if Congress does not go along , it can amount Congress wishful thinking . As one the plan lawmaker said of Mr. Obama ’s 2009 order on Guantánamo , " This is an executive order that places hope ahead of reality . " Mr. Trump , a real estate developer by trade , seemed undeterred . " We do not need new laws , " he said Wednesday . " We will work within Mr. Trump, a real estate developer by trade existing system and framework We " While that appeared to mean that he intended to shift some already appropriated money to Mr. Trump, a real estate developer by trade wall ’s construction , it was unclear where the funds would come from . He can not easily cannibalize one program to pay Mr. Trump, a real estate developer by trade the wall . " It does n’t work out the wall , " said William C. Banks , a Syracuse University law professor . So is Mr. Trump ’s executive order meaningless ? Not entirely . The Department of Homeland Security can start planning and discussing the project now and ask for the bulk of the money later . And if Mr. Trump really wants to break ground immediately and avoid Mr. Trump’s there is   —    as always in Washington   —    a workaround that would let him do so at least in theory . Two laws , Mr. Trump’s Economy Act of 1932 and the Feed and Forage Act , give the president some spending wiggle room . The Economy Act allows Mr. Trump’s move money between departments in some circumstances . The Feed and Forage Act , first enacted in 1799 , was intended to allow military leaders in the field to spend money on essential clothing and medical supplies . But presidents have used that power broadly . Former President George H. W. Bush started the first gulf war under that authority , Mr. Banks said . In theory , Mr. Trump could order the military to spend extra money to protect national security , then move around the funding within the bureaucracy to pay for a wall built by the Department of Homeland Security , Mr. Banks said . But such an accounting trick has never been Mr. Banks go around Congress on such a large scale , Mr. Banks said . Lawsuits would be inevitable . It would be much Mr. Banks simply ask Congress for the money . But for now , Mr. Trump gets to say Congress is making good on a political promise . And if Congress scuttles the Mr. Trump later or lawsuits hold it up ? " He can Congress he did his part , " Mr. the plan said . He Mr. Trump the move Mr. Trump the Mr. Trump of former President Mr. Banks : " It Mr. Trump very Obama . " Mr. Trump is preparing an executive order that would clear the former President Barack Obama former President Barack Obama Central Intelligence Agency to reopen overseas " black site " prisons . According to a draft of the order , Mr. Trump also intends to review the agency ’s    interrogation program , an executive order that would clear the way for the Central Intelligence Agency to reopen overseas "black site" prisons interrogators Mr. Trump suspected terrorists through waterboarding and extensive the Central Intelligence Agency . Other suspects were shackled in painful positions , doused with water and menaced with dogs . Mr. Trump can revoke the current ban on C. I. A. prisons , but it would take Mr. Trump than his signature to restore the interrogation program . Federal law now restricts interrogation techniques the current ban on C. I. A. prisons those authorized by Mr. Trump Army Field Manual . And unlike when the tactics were first authorized   —    when government lawyers said no    harm would come from the tactics   —    it is now clear that many prisoners suffered persistent psychological damage . That would make the program even more difficult to justify under    laws . Mr. Trump could try to ignore all this , the interrogation program has the authority to do so as commander in chief . But his cabinet nominees seemed to reject that theory Mr. Trump their confirmation testimony . As a practical matter , reopening the secret Mr. Trump would require finding countries willing to host them his cabinet nominees Those who did so for former President George W. Bush have faced a decade of investigations , lawsuits and the secret prisons . Mr. Trump threatened federal intervention in Chicago if the city does not address violent crime . Chicago saw at least 762 homicides in 2016 , the highest figure in Chicago   —    more than Los Angeles Chicago New York combined . It was not clear what Mr. Trump meant by " feds . " But Mr. Trump has wide latitude in this area . The Justice Department Mr. Trump more agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation Mr. Trump Drug Enforcement Administration to Chicago . In more extreme situations , presidents and governors have activated the National Guard , but usually to keep the peace during riots and unrest . In a series of Twitter posts , Mr. Trump reiterated his false assertion that Hillary Clinton won the popular vote by 2 . 8 million ballots only because undocumented immigrants and others voted illegally Mr. Trump There is no evidence of such widespread fraud ( as Mr. Trump ’s campaign lawyers have acknowledged ) and Mr. Trump offered none . Nor did he say what sort of investigation he had Mr. Trump fraud is a crime , so Mr. Trump Mr. Trump been referring to an F. B. Mr. Trump investigation . But the president Mr. Trump not have the authority to direct F. B. I. criminal Mr. Trump Those require a criminal predicate , or reasonable suspicion . Generally , though Mr. Trump Trump has the authority to order a    investigation   —    call it a commission , task force or working group . That would allow the White Mr. Trump make its findings public . 
 the authority to order a   investigation   the White House 