While U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos toured schools in Miami , Florida last week , U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos told the Miami Herald that illegal immigrant students in Florida " should not be concerned " about losing    tuition because the Trump administration is " very supportive " of states deciding for illegal immigrant students in Florida on such policy . [ Referring to the words of Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly , DeVos said :   Well , as you well know [ immigration ] is an issue that ’s been widely discussed within the Trump administration and I yesterday referred to [ Homeland Security Secretary ] Gen. [ John F. ] Kelly ’s comments about the fact that [ undocumented ] students should not be concerned . They [undocumented] students continue to focus on their [undocumented] students and continue to pursue their [undocumented] students . The the Trump administration very supportive of states setting their direction the Trump administration I would say that would be consistent here [ for    tuition ] too . In March , when asked about illegal immigrant students who fall into the domain of former President Barack Obama ’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) policy , Kelly responded : I have a lot of things on my plate , a lot of criminals to apprehend and deport , that are here illegally , criminals beyond just the fact that they ’re here illegally , and the least of my worries right now is anyone who falls under the general category of DACA   …     I can guarantee you that we have a lot of very bad people to go after , and the least of my worries my worries illegal aliens who are living lives . When asked about her relationship with former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , DeVos said , " We have shared many ideas in the past years . I served on the board of the organization he started and our paths have crossed many , many times over the years as we have done our in a variety of states . Our views and our heart for our child is very similar . " DeVos said Bush has " reached out " to her " on DeVos couple of occasions " since she assumed her DeVos in DeVos , D. C. 
 