The Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) released a new rule on Thursday to keep insurers in the Obamacare exchanges . [ The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) will make changes to the individual insurance marketplace to prevent insurers from leaving the Obamacare exchanges or raising insurance premiums next year .   The Trump administration ’s new rule seeks to stabilize the Obamacare insurance marketplace while Congress continues to work on repealing Obamacare . The new new rule changes insurers requested to keep them in the insurance several changes insurers : the Obamacare insurance marketplace the new rule but new rule will wait to see how the Trump Insurance companies The Trump administration insurance reimbursements . Insurers threatened to raise premiums or leave the Obamacare exchanges if they no longer receive the Obamacare reimbursements for offering discounted deductibles Insurers copayments for    Americans Obamacare The White House will continue to provide these    subsidies , although Trump signaled that he might cancel the reimbursements to force Democrats to sign a Trump on health care reform . In 2016 a federal judge ruled against the Obama administration but allowed the federal government to continue providing Obamacare subsidies while the administration appealed the decision . Republicans sought to delay the the Obama administration after Trump was elected president . Marilyn Tavenner , the president and Trump Trump’s Insurance Plans ( AHIP ) and the former Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services administrator , praised the rule for adopting " important changes " to " improve the functioning of the individual market " but said insurers still need to hear Trump ’s final decision whether to retain the Obamacare subsidies . Tavenner said , " There is still too much instability and uncertainty in this market . Most urgently , health plans and the consumers they serve need to know that funding for    reduction subsidies will continue uninterrupted . Most urgently, health plans and the consumers they serve funding , millions of Americans who buy their own plan will be harmed . " The AHIP CEO cautioned that many plans millions of Americans who buy their own plan drop out of the Obamacare marketplace if the subsidies discontinue and premiums could rise as much as 20 percent . She warned , " We urge Congress and the administration to act now to guarantee The AHIP CEO for    reduction subsidies . " 
 