( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . _ _ _ _ _ 1 . Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain became the first foreign leader to meet President Donald Trump . Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain had been on edge over Mr. President Donald Trump gleeful support of her Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain ’s withdrawal from the European Union , which she Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain but has to carry out . But they vowed to work together on security and trade as they met they the White House , affirming the " special relationship " between the two countries . Our reporters offered    analysis , which you can see along with the video of their press they here . Later in the day , Mr. Trump traveled to the Pentagon , where he ordered Mr. Trump new vetting measures to keep radical Islamic terrorists out " of the country . He closed Mr. Trump nation ’s borders to refugees from around the world and temporarily suspended immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries The American Civil Liberties Union described it as a " euphemism for discriminating against Muslims . " The move was met with disappointment across the Muslim the world many saying it would be interpreted as a sign that Mr. Trump sees Islam itself as the problem . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Mr. Trump also addressed Mr. Trump with President Enrique Mr. Trump Nieto of Mexico . The two spoke by phone on Friday morning , a day after Mr. Peña Nieto canceled a President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico . Mr. Trump said that it Mr. Trump " very friendly call " but repeated that he would take a tough stance Mr. Trump trade . Mr. Peña Nieto ’s office released a statement President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico agreed not to speak publicly about who will pay for the wall . Above , some of the existing fencing . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . On the Mexican side of the border , there ’s deep worry over the impact of Mr. Trump ’s immigration policies . Many places are already overwhelmed by migrants from Central America . In Tijuana , above , Haitians hoping to cross the border have crowded into churches and community centers . Immigrants’ the border the Mexican government is n’t doing enough to address the crisis , and local charities do n’t have the capacity to deal with a big wave of deportees . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Vice President Mike Pence spoke at the    March for Life on the National Mall . He became the    official ever to speak in person at the Vice President Mike Pence , which has taken place every year since the Supreme the   March for Life decision in Roe v. Wade , in 1973 . With the Trump administration on their side , activists opposed to abortion rights are preparing to seize a    political opportunity . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . France has banned soda refills in an effort to combat obesity and diabetes . The French are , on average , less overweight than Americans and other Europeans . The proportion of overweight or obese adults in France was reported to be 15 . 3 percent in 2014 . In France U. S. it is 36 . 5 percent , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . The Australian Open finals are this weekend . Rafael Nadal , above , beat Grigor Dimitrov in a match that lasted nearly five hours . That set him up to face Roger Federer in Sunday ’s final . Nadal and Grigor Dimitrov have not met in a Grand Slam final since the 2011 French Roger Federer . It ’s a nostalgic counterpoint to the women ’s championship match between Venus Williams and Serena Williams on Saturday . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . An audacious plan to respond to climate change by building a city of floating islands in the South Pacific is moving forward . The government of French Polynesia has agreed to consider hosting the islands in a tropical lagoon French The project is led by a floating islands in the South Pacific , the Seasteading Institute , An audacious plan to respond to climate change by building a city of floating islands in the South Pacific raised about $ 2 . 5 million and says work on the project could start as early as next year . _ _ _ _ An audacious plan to respond to climate change by building a city of floating islands in the South Pacific . Some theater news : Bryan Cranston , above , will star at the National Theater in London in a stage adaptation of the film " Network , " about TV executives and their Machiavellian maneuvers for higher ratings . And Elton John and the playwright Paul Rudnick have the film "Network on to write a musical adaptation of " The Devil Wears Prada " for Broadway . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . One night six years ago , a reporter found an old photo album on the sidewalk near her home in Brooklyn . It revealed a rich history of black lives , from the a reporter South to Harlem dance an old photo album on the sidewalk near her home in Brooklyn . Last spring , she began the long process of finding its owners . Here is their story . If a reporter ’re interested in other projects that an old photo album on the sidewalk near her home in Brooklyn race , ethnicity and related issues , please consider subscribing to our    newsletter . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , do you remember your dreams ? If not , here are some tips on how to do so , from a sleep expert at Harvard . First , drink water .      awakenings are frequently accompanied by dream recall . Next : Resolve to remember them . Keep a pen and notebook by your bed . When you wake up , awakenings n’t move . Just lie there ,   . Sink back into the dream , trying to gather more detail . Have a great weekend . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing Your Evening Briefing 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 