CNN ’s Jim Acosta tweeted Thursday that Principal Deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders dispelled rumors of a rift between Attorney General Jeff Sessions and President Donald Trump . [ President has confidence in Sessions , Principal Deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tells reporters .   —    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) June 8 , 2017 ,    Sanders Principal Deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders she — a conversation with POTUS last night about Sessions .   —    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Sanders Principal Deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders to Acosta and   Jim Acosta reporters came after days of mainstream media promotion of rumors from unnamed White House sources that the Attorney General and the President have been at loggerheads and that Sessions had even offered his resignation the Attorney General and the President Acosta noted   Jim Acosta over 48 hours that passed between the report and Sanders ’s rebuke , the first official White House White House the idea that Sessions might be Sessions his way out the Attorney General and the President having criticized the president . the President Caller ’s Alex Pfeiffer , however , reported Wednesday that multiple sources close to the Attorney General found the insinuation of his demise ridiculous . the Attorney General He ’s not going the Attorney General , " one official who spoke with Sessions in the aftermath of the reports told the Caller . Much The Daily Caller media speculation was based on Trump ’s supposed disagreement with the Justice Department on litigation strategy in the upcoming Supreme Court appeal on the validity of the President ’s executive order travel ban for six Muslim majority countries . The President made tweets defending the President’s ban over what he called the " " second the President’s , which was drafted with closer supervision from Attorney General Sessions ’s Justice Department . Sessions , the Justice Department has been a prime media target within the administration since before he was even confirmed as Attorney General the President’s contentious hearings that saw Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) make    attacks on    Sessions that saw her reprimanded . The campaign against Sessions , from both Democratic elected officials and the    activist establishment , has only intensified since administration blood entered the water with National Security Advisor Michael Flynn ’s ouster . In March , Senate Democrats renewed their calls for Sessions to resign over Senate Democrats inaccurate statements about meeting with Russian officials in the course of his official business as a U. S. his . The drums beating for resignation were quickly joined by the Democratic National Committee and George Soros ’s leftist agitation vehicle Moveon . org . This week ’s rumors of resignation began after a relative lull in the pressure from the left on Sessions . His central role in enforcing President Trump ’s agenda on immigration and crime , however , continue to make him a focal point of leftist ire His 
 