The United Nations Economic and Social Council voted late last week to place Saudi Arabia on the Commission on the Status of Women for a    term beginning in 2018 , despite Saudi Arabia ’s appalling record on the treatment of women . [ Hillel Neuer , director of the    UN Watch , expressed his outrage in a statement Friday :   " Electing Saudi Saudi Arabia protect women ’s rights is like making an arsonist into the town fire chief , " said Hillel Neuer , executive director of UN Watch the   UN Watch It ’s absurd . " " Every Saudi woman , " said Neuer , " must have a male guardian who makes all critical decisions on her behalf , Every Saudi woman a woman ’s life from her birth until Every Saudi woman . Saudi Arabia also bans women from driving cars . " According to UN Watch , the   UN Watch States forced a formal vote , against China ’s wishes , instead of allowing the normal practice of allowing regional groupings to select the nations on the commission by themselves , in secret instead of allowing the normal practice of allowing regional groupings to select the nations on the commission by themselves, in secret However , the vote was still held behind closed doors , meaning it is not yet the vote precisely which countries voted to honor one of the world ’s foremost abusers of women ’s rights . Neuer calculates , based on the voting math , that at least five European Union member states would have had to vote for Saudi Arabia for it to win a Saudi Arabia on the commission . The the commission State Department ’s most recent human rights report on Saudi Arabia ( largely prepared Saudi Arabia outgoing Obama administration ) notes that despite being allowed to participate in municipal elections in 2015 , the state of women ’s rights in the kingdom remains generally abysmal : Women continued to face significant discrimination under law and custom , and many remained uninformed about their rights .    …      Women law does not provide for the same legal status and rights for women as for men , and since there is no codified    law , judges made decisions regarding family matters based on their interpretations of Islamic law . judges they may legally own property and judges entitled to financial support from their guardian , women have fewer judges or social rights than men , and society treated them as unequal members in the women and social spheres . The guardianship system requires that every woman have a close male relative as her " guardian " with the every woman authority to approve her travel outside of the country every woman A guardian also has authority to approve some types of business licenses and study at a university or college . Women can make their own determinations concerning hospital care Women Women can work without their guardian ’s permission , but Women employers required women to have such permission . A husband who verbally ( rather than through a court process ) divorces his wife or refuses to sign final divorce papers continues to be her legal guardian . In 2015 his wife Saudi Arabia reduced a Sri Lankan woman ’s sentence for adultery from execution by stoning to three years in prison . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the Joel B. Pollak most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of How Joel B. Pollak Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . The Inside Story of a Revolution 