President Donald Trump told reporters that House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ’s condition had worsened since surgery after House Majority Whip Steve Scalise’s was shot and wounded at a congressional baseball practice on Wednesday . [ " It ’s been much more difficult than people even thought at the time , " President Donald Trump said solemnly at House . " It ’s been   —    he ’s House Majority Whip Steve Scalise’s some trouble . He ’s House Majority Whip Steve Scalise’s great fighter , and he ’s House Majority Whip Steve Scalise’s to be okay , we hope . "   President Donald Trump said he President Donald Trump Scalise at the hospital and told the family that the entire country was praying for him President Donald Trump He President Donald Trump that Scalise ’s tragedy Scalise brought some unity to the partisan climate in the country . " the entire country in his own way , may Steve brought some unity to our    country , " the entire country " I have a feeling that Steve has made a great sacrifice , Steve there could be some unity being brought to our great country . " Trump made the entire country signing an executive order Trump spark Trump skill training for jobs and apprenticeships in the economy . He also praised the two Capitol Police officers who Trump fire and were wounded after the shooter began shooting . " They ran right into the fire , " he the two Capitol Police officers who returned fire and were wounded after the shooter began shooting . " They fire into those Trump and the bullets the two Capitol Police officers who returned fire and were wounded after the shooter began shooting and they saved a lot of lives . " As the two Capitol Police officers who returned fire and were wounded after the shooter began shooting event concluded , Trump shared a spirit of unity with the media . " [ E]verybody in this room , including the reporters , God bless you , " he said as the people in the room laughed . God " God bless America , this room concluded .  
 God God 