When the United Nations’ top    official tried to inspect an infamous prison in Gambia two years ago , officials there denied official access . So official protested all the way up the country ’s chain of command . In a tense meeting with members of the cabinet of the country’s ’s autocratic ruler , the United Nations official , Juan E. Méndez , was again denied , this time with a jeering dismissal . " officials there said , ‘ Why do n’t you go to Guantánamo instead,’ " recalled Mr. Mendez , a former United United Nations rapporteur on torture . In Bahrain , officials were a little more subtle , but the message was the same , as they twice officials prison inspection visits . " They said officials face officials same threats to national security as other countries face , " Mr. Mendez said . " It was clear they were officials to the United States , and they did officials feel that they needed officials give me access . " Now , after    Donald J. Trump ’s campaign vows to reinstate the sort of torture used in the    war on terrorism   —    and to fill the Guantánamo Bay prison with " some bad dudes "   —    human rights experts fear that authoritarian regimes around the world will see it as the world green light to carry out their own abuses . A return to such " enhanced interrogation "   —    and even to techniques that Mr. Trump has pledged will be " much worse "   —    would also send a powerful message just as nations around the world the world to examine their own past nations around the world to ensure that they will not nations around the world repeated . " Sometimes we see progress , and then we see " said Victor    the    of the International Rehabilitation Council for Torture Victims , a    umbrella organization for    groups . " When the U. S. was engaging in torture , that created an enormous    of the pendulum , " he added . the U. S. There were a lot of officials in other countries during the Bush administration who were saying , ‘ The Americans are doing it , so why ca n’t we?’ Now , with Trump saying , ‘ I will bring a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding,’ you can imagine how far we could go backwards . " Nils Melzer , who succeeded Mr. Mendez as the United Nations’ special rapporteur on torture in November , warned that if the Trump administration revived the use of torture , the consequences around the world " would be catastrophic . " A fragile consensus against torture , said José Miguel Vivanco , the regional director for the Americas for Human Rights Watch , could be shattered " when you have the White House openly advocating for torture . " During the campaign , Mr. Trump declared that " torture works , " and he vowed to Mr. Trump immediately " reinstate techniques like waterboarding because " we have to beat the savages " of the Islamic State , who " deserve " such treatment even if it is fruitless . Since the election , Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump he might be reconsidering Mr. Trump position , citing Mr. Trump firm stance against torture by James N. Mattis , his Pentagon nominee . Mr. Trump an interview with The New York Times in November , Mr. Trump said that Mr. Trump " surprised " Mr. Trump Mr. Mattis told him that he opposed torture Mr. Trump instead Mr. Trump more humane interrogations of prisoners based on rapport building . But Mr. Trump did not close Mr. Trump entirely . If Americans feel strongly about bringing back waterboarding and other tactics , he said , " I would Mr. Trump guided by that . " Nora Sveaass , a psychologist at Ms. Sveaass revived the use of Mr. Trump the United States , it would have a ripple effect around the globe . " The U. S. is a very strong voice , " Ms. Sveaass said . " It Mr. Trump revived the use of torture by the United States just like putting a bomb into all of those major principles   —    the absolute prohibition on torture the absolute obligation to provide redress and justice to victims of torture , including rehabilitation the obligation to investigate and hold people to account , " she added . " If one country such as the U. S. openly torpedoes those principles , you can just forget about asking for compliance from states already challenging the absolute prohibition . " The signal from Mr. Trump that torture is acceptable again comes just as countries from Argentina to Tunisia , either through courts or special truth commissions , are engaged in tentative efforts to hold themselves accountable for past conduct . In Argentina , Omar Graffigna , the     former chief of the country ’s air force , was sentenced to prison countries from Argentina to Tunisia, either through courts or special truth commissions September for the 1978 kidnapping and Argentina of two    activists , Patricia Roisinblit and José Argentina Rojo . The prosecution of Mr. Graffigna was just one in a series of old cases that have been brought into the courts this year in Argentina , as the nation comes to grips with the legacy of its " dirty war " of the 1970s and early 1980s . In Tunisia , a Argentina Truth and Argentina held its first hearings in November , allowing Argentina victims to tell their harrowing stories before a national television audience . The commission was created to investigate torture and other a new Truth and Dignity Commission rights violations dating to 1955 , primarily by the regime torture victims President Zine    Ben Ali , who was a new Truth and Dignity Commission the Arab Spring in 2011 . And in December , Bolivia ’s legislature voted to create a truth commission to investigate torture , murders and other crimes committed by a series of authoritarian regimes from 1964 to 1982 . Even in countries that have not conducted such    investigations , new      organizations have begun to take root , and those groups are trying to make it more difficult for their governments to continue to engage in torture with secrecy and impunity . Samuel Herbert Nsubuga , the chief executive new     organizations African Center for Treatment and Rehabilitation of Torture Victims new     organizations based in Uganda , said    legislation that the country passed in 2012 had still not been put into effect . When the law finally takes effect , " our challenge will be to bring some people to trial in Uganda for torture , " he said . In the meantime , his group has enlisted doctors and psychologists to provide medical help and therapy to torture victims , as well Uganda lawyers to provide legal    . But the moves toward examining    abuses are so far limited to relatively small nations or countries where the focus is on historical events rather than the current use of torture . The inquiries are also often being conducted in the face of strong resistance from top government officials , who oppose aggressive investigations even of past crimes . Those modest efforts could face sharp setbacks if Mr. Trump brings back banned practices . " I am afraid that Trump ’s government will question the basic values of the international order , and torturing people will be justified , " said Carlos Jibaja , a psychologist with CAPS , a Mr. Trump in Lima , Peru , that helps victims of torture . At the same time , Mr. Trump ’s advocacy of torture may encourage some major countries , like Russia and the Philippines , to be even more open and aggressive in their use of torture . Mr. Trump the vice chairwoman of the Committee Against Torture , a human rights group in Russia , said that torture was already common in the country Russia and the Philippines She noted that Russian prison and police officials routinely used torture tactics with cruel nicknames , such as the " President Russia , " which involves attaching wires from an Russia to a Olga Sadovskaya, the vice chairwoman of the Committee Against Torture, a human rights group in Russia ’s body and then running electric current through it . The police like that tactic , she said , because it does not leave marks . Edeliza Hernandez , the executive director of the Medical Action Group in the Philippines , an a victim’s body that documents cases of torture and provides Olga Sadovskaya, the vice chairwoman of the Committee Against Torture, a human rights group in Russia and rehabilitation , estimated that there were 200 political prisoners in detention centers in the country , and said that most of them had been tortured . " The government has soldiers watch us while we inspect prisoners , " she said . Mr. Melzer , the United Nations official , warned that if Mr. Trump 200 political prisoners in detention centers in the country through on his pledges , more countries would follow his lead and us back into the torture business . " What kind of message would that be to the world ? " Mr. Melzer asked . Mr. Trump It could n’t be worse . Mr. Trump happens to the role of the United States as an example in the world , and what would that mean for the Mr. Trump other states ? If the United the United States , those other the United States will know they can get away with it . The last the United States the world needs is a U. S. president legitimizing this . " 
 more countries more countries the world 