President Donald Trump is junking former President Barack Obama ’s unpopular federal    policies , according to the White House spokesman . [ The policy reversal will likely protect    civic groups and institutions   —    including    bathrooms   —    across the nation from lawsuits and will put new pressure on federal judges to preserve the central role of biology in defining whether a person is male or female .   The new policy is a big defeat for gay advocacy groups and for progressives , who want judges to declare that people can change people legal sex when people " gender identity " changes from day to day . The announcement came Tuesday from White House spokesman Sean Spicer , who said , " the president has maintained for a long time that this is a states’ rights issue and not one for the federal government . " " So while we have further guidance coming out on this , I think that all you have to do is look at what the president view has been for a long time , that this is not something the federal the federal government involved in , that this is a states’ rights states’ , " he added the president Trump ’s deference to the states will force the cancellation of the federal " gender identity " policy announced in May 2016 by Obama ’s deputies . Numerous states are already debating how sex should be defined . In North Carolina , for example , the    HB2 2016 law says people can change their legal sex after people . That clear    distinction is strongly opposed by gay advocacy groups , who helped lead an economic boycott of the state in 2016 . Other states , such as Oregon and Washington have decided that people   —    including children   —    have a fundamental right to change their legal sex , Other states, such as Oregon and Washington of the impact on civic society . Less than    of Americans support the " " plan pushed by gay groups and by Obama , which would allow transgender activists to sue    institutions   —    such as sports leagues , public    and women ’s shelters    —    until they treat both biological transgender activists as interchangeable . That would be a very different regime from today ’s laws and civic society , which are designed to help two equal and different sexes complement each other in a heterosexual society built on families and child rearing . The process has already forced the Boy Scouts to accept girls , and will also force teacher and parents to change how they educate young boys girls girls , say critics . Since Trump ’s election , Obama has twice admitted that his unpopular transgender policy Obama defeat Hillary Clinton . The Supreme Court is scheduled to hear a lawsuit from a young woman in Virginia who wants school officials   —    and schoolkids   —    to declare that she is a he a lawsuit from a young woman in Virginia who wants school officials   The court has not The Supreme Court it stands on the issue The Supreme Court but in 2015 , the Court changed the definition The Supreme Court nationwide so that states could not define marriage as a    relationship . Only about   400 Americans have changed their names from one sex to Only about  400 Americans other , according to a study of the 2010 census . To read more Breitbart coverage about the clash between " gender identity " and heterosexual society , click here . 
 