President Donald Trump said Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin " should be ashamed of Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin " for posing with President Donald Trump bloody , severed head in a    photo . [ " Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin My children , especially my 11 year old son , Barron , are having a hard time with this . Sick ! " President Donald Trump tweeted Wednesday morning .   Kathy Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin be ashamed of herself . Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin children My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron having a hard time with this . Sick !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 31 , 2017 ,   TMZ first obtained the photo , taken by photographer Tyler Shields , on Tuesday and published a short video of Griffin posing Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin Trump ’s severed head . " This is fake blood , just Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) know . I wo n’t give away what we ’re doing , but Tyler and I are not afraid to do images that make noise , " Griffin said Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin the tape . The beheading video was inspired by Trump insulting former Fox News host Megyn a short video of Griffin posing with Trump’s severed head told Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin blogger Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) " I caption this ‘ there was blood coming out of his eyes Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin blood coming out of his   Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin     wherever’ Also @tylershields great    maker , " Griffin tweeted Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin Tuesday . " OBVIOUSLY , I do not condone ANY violence by my fans or others to anyone , ever ! I ’m merely mocking the Mocker in Chief . " After an explosive backlash , Griffin deleted Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin tweets Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin posted an Instagram video saying she " Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin way too far . " " I ’m a comic , " she said Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin " I cross the line . I ’m the line , then I cross it . I went way too far . The the line too disturbing . I understand the line it offends people . It was n’t funny . I get it . I ’ve made The image lot of mistakes The image my career , I will continue The image " CNN called the beheading photo " disgusting " but did not definitely state Griffin would be prevented from    New Year ’s Eve coverage . " We found what she did disgusting and offensive . We are pleased to see she has apologized and asked state Griffin the photos be taken down We We are evaluating our state Griffin Year ’s Eve coverage and have made no decisions at this We , " We New Year’s statement . 
 We 