White House Press secretary Sean Spicer angrily confronted a CNN reporter following a story reporting that the administration pressured the FBI to publicly " knock down "    stories in the media . [ The gaggle , which took place Friday morning , was described as a " background briefing " by the White House . a "background briefing" by the White House included the White House press pool and was expanded to include a CNN reporter as well as reporters from ABC , NBC , Fox Business and Fox News . CBS was in the pool the White House press pool Spicer went on the record to confront CNN in front of their colleagues in the White House during the briefing that occurred in his office . Spicer reporter Joe John ( whose byline did not appear on contested story ) was told by Spicer that their Spicer was whose byline to suggest that the White House the White House " on the FBI to publicly challenge the reports on    ties . Some of the details of Spicer ’s comments Spicer story were included in the White House press pool , but a White House aide that was present White House room detailed the confrontation . " I know it ’s a CNN issue you guys have   —    but at least get it straight , " an enraged Spicer it to John Spicer The White House maintains that FBI deputy White House approached White House chief of staff Reince Priebus to discuss White House story in The New York Times , that he described as " bulls**t . " That meeting occurred FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe February 15 , after the New York Times published the story . Priebus asked The New York Times correct the record , staff Reince Priebus cited FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe claiming staff Reince Priebus existence of an FBI investigation into " repeated contacts " between Trump aides and Russian intelligence . The CNN report claims that this meeting violated " procedures that limit communications with the FBI on pending investigations . " All of this was directly pointed FBI CNN reporter Joe John during the press gaggle . Spicer repeatedly emphasized that the CNN was about a story in a newspaper , not the ongoing investigation this meeting real story , according to White House officials , was that according to the FBI , the New York Times got their initial story wrong . CNN FBI was told by Spicer that their network had White House officials buried the lead . " Spicer reportedly said he was Spicer disgusted " with the way CNN handled the story , Spicer it " Spicer . " Later , Friday afternoon , CNN White their initial story a gaggle for their initial story press pool in Sean Spicer ’s office , and included reporters from One America News , Breitbart News , Spicer , and The Washington Examiner . CNN was not included in the second gaggle , which prompted a protest that they were being " shut CNN " by Spicer . " This is an unacceptable development by the Trump Breitbart News, The Washington Times, and The Washington Examiner House . Apparently this is how Spicer retaliate when you report facts that do n’t like , " a statement from the This public relations Breitbart News, The Washington Times, and The Washington Examiner read . " We ’ll keep reporting regardless . " Similar exclusions of press outlets CNN place under the Obama administration , which restricted some press meetings to liberal outlets as reported by The New York Times . 
 