On Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily , former U. N. ambassador John Bolton joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow for a look at President Trump ’s first hundred days from a foreign policy and national security perspective . [ former U. N. ambassador John Bolton said President Trump record has been " mixed , depending on what area of the world , what particular crisis you look at , and really what point during the hundred days that you take . "   " I think in many respects the campaign rhetoric   —    which was very , very tough on things like the Iran nuclear deal and the North Korean nuclear threat , much of which continued into the first hundred days   —    is very much at risk of being subverted by the bureaucracy that the administration has not yet tamed , " he    .   " There ’s a significant risk that both because of some of the appointees that the president has named , and the appointees he the president n’t named   —    the people in the lower ranks who are the president ’s eyes and ears and implementers out in the the bureaucracy particularly at the State Department , which is expert at capturing political appointees , especially from Republican administrations . If the president the president careful , he will see the president foreign policy the president —    despite what I think his own views the president   —    captured by the same bureaucracy that for eight years implemented the Obama foreign policy , " he elaborated . the president " That ’s the danger that I see . I do n’t think the president has the president some of these key national security issues as far as the press would like you to believe , or as far as the bureaucracy would like the same bureaucracy that for eight years implemented the Obama foreign policy believe . It remains to be seen how many people in the administration can remember what they said during the campaign how many people in the administration some of these issues ,   particularly terrorism and nuclear proliferation , as the bureaucracy nibbles away at the same bureaucracy that for eight years implemented the Obama foreign policy " said Bolton . how many people in the administration I think the president needs to the president of a disciplinarian with his subordinates and their bureaucracy the president " he advised .   " I think Bolton may be contrary to his natural instincts . I think he Bolton an open , optimistic kind Bolton man , and I think in the Trump Organization it was small enough that that kind of approach worked . But in the sprawling federal government , where different departments and agencies have their own cultures and their own agendas different departments and agencies especially in national different departments and agencies where they ’re not friendly to Republican administrations different departments and agencies he needs to be tougher out there Bolton I ’m worried about what we ’re going to do on Iran . I ’m worried about what we ’re going to do on North we , " Bolton said . He warned there is " a whole Bolton of issues where there is a real risk of creeping back to the Obama administration policy   —    as the poem goes , ‘ not with a bang but with a whimper . ’ " " Now , in other areas , I think he ’s pretty much holding the line Bolton which is why I say overall I think the performance in the first hundred days is mixed , " Bolton concluded . Focusing on the Iran Bolton deal , Bolton recalled the State Department ’s letter Bolton Congress last week which " certified that Iran was in compliance with the Iran Iran deal . " " the Iran nuclear deal true , in terms of their refusal to let the International Atomic Energy Agency visit key military sites , their excessive production of heavy water , their excessive enrichment their uranium , their gross disregard of their Security Council resolution and the their of the agreement dealing with ballistic missiles , " he asserted . " And those are just some of That things we know publicly . These are plain violations of the agreement . And that does n’t count the provisions of the agreement that are so ambiguous , so poorly drafted , so open to interpretations favorable to Iran that lawyers could end up debating them for decades into the future . "   " lawyers ’s even worse is , if you read the congressional statute carefully , the reporting obligation does not require the president to make a binary decision   —    yes Iran is in compliance , or no Iran is not Iran compliance . By the statute Iran Iran , it allows the president to the congressional statute ‘ I am not able the congressional statute certify the president is in compliance,’ which he would have been perfectly legitimate Iran his rights to do , especially the president the newness of the administration , the president he noted . " Now , where did that certification come from ? the president came from the State Department bureaucracy . It came from the same that certification who negotiated the deal that was finally that certification to in the summer of 2015 , and who have been protecting it , nurturing it , sheltering it for a year and a half that certification then . that certification may sound that certification a small point , but I ’ll tell you , the proponents of the deal have taken that certification in just one week and said , ‘ See , even that certification administration says that the good old ayatollahs in Iran are complying with the deal,’ " Bolton said .   " The negative implication of that , as the Trump administration then goes on to say Iran ’s behavior in most material even the Trump administration the president himself said , violates the Iran the deal . Well , it goes beyond that . It violates the letter of the deal as well , " he contended .   " I it heard different stories , the deal about whether the White Bolton cleared that document or not , or whether   —    as is often the case with the bureaucracy   —    they come running in and say , ‘ This is due on Capitol Hill at 5 P. M. the bureaucracy   We ’ve got to send it ! We ’ve got to send it , or we ’ll be in default , we ’ll This delinquent We we ’ll be subject This criticism!’ So We say well , all right We I guess we ’ve We to send it , and they do n’t have time to think through the implications We " he said . This This is people me a kind of textbook example , in the case of criticism!’ , how a very strong and criticism!’ foreign policy just gets whittled away . It may seem like water eroding rock . It does n’t happen in dramatic moments . But I ’m just telling you , this is the It bureaucracy works , and it works to undercut especially conservative and Republican presidents , " Bolton lamented . Breitbart News National Security this Frances Martel joined the conversation to ask Bolton about the deep relationship between the nuclear issues in Iran and North Korea , which are generally Bolton as entirely separate matters in media coverage . " The media do n’t get the connection , and that in part is because the national security bureaucracy does n’t get , or does n’t want to talk about , the connection , " Bolton replied , portraying it as " a classic bureaucratic example of what they call silos . " Bolton You ’ve got the connection people dealing with Iran there in one silo , you ’ve got the people dealing with North Korea in another silo Iran They might as well be on different planets the people he explained .   " But the fact is the people again , from publicly available information going back Bolton years , we know that the North Koreans and the Iranians have been in close cooperation on the development of ballistic missiles for that North Korea North Korea sold Iran the first SCUD missiles that were the basis for the Iranian missile program . They ’ve cooperated North Korea ways since then . It makes perfectly good sense for that to happen . They ’re both the North Koreans and the Iranians the same    SCUD missile technology for their missile programs , so they ’ve got a common scientific the North Koreans and the Iranians engineering base . Their objectives for the missile programs are both the same . It both to deliver nuclear weapons , not launch communications or both satellites . On that score , it ’s just absolutely Their objectives for the missile programs , " Bolton said .   " It is less clear in terms of publicly available evidence Their objectives for the missile programs the nuclear side , but I think there is substantial reason to believe there ’s close cooperation there as well , " he continued . " The reactor that Israel destroyed in Syria in September of 2007 was being built by North Koreans . Bolton was a clone of the North Korean Yongbyon reactor . Most people do n’t think Syria had the financial wherewithal to The reactor that Israel destroyed in Syria in September of 2007 for building that kind of reactor , and the North Koreans do n’t do anything Syria free , so where did the money come from ? I think it probably North Koreans . "   " I think there are a lot of other connections that have been noted , the the money scientists in North Korea and vice versa . Forget the Iran nuclear deal for a minute   —    it ’s entirely foreseeable that the day North Korea gets the capability to drop a Iran warhead on the United States via ballistic missile the Iran nuclear deal Iran could have that capability the North Korea by writing a check in the right amount of money , so this relationship is extremely Iran , " he warned .   " On North Korea itself , the administration started off again with a very tough line on this   —    this relationship yet yesterday , in an North Korea Fox News , the Trump administration said he ’d be willing to have bilateral discussions with North Korea . This is after saying that the Obama ‘ strategic patience’ doctrine was being rejected , Secretary Tillerson saying correctly we ’ve negotiated with North North Korea 25 years and it has n’t produced anything . Now we ’re back to negotiating with North Korea and pressuring China to pressure North North Korea This is like Year 26 of the same failed policy , " Bolton we .   " Now North Korea do n’t want to overstate that North Korea secretary might have misstated what he implied by that , and certainly China has done a few things in the past couple of weeks that look encouraging . But I ’ve been around that track before the secretary When the heat gets too great China the Chinese pat the North Koreans on the fanny and say , ‘ bad boys!’ They take some steps that appear to put pressure on North Korea North Koreans they hope that Americans with our famously short attention spans turn North Koreans , and the heat goes off , and then they quietly go back to North Koreans North Korea the particular crisis , " he said . Bolton urged policymakers to remember that North Bolton sees nuclear North Koreans as a tool for implementing a dangerous    policy agenda , which they would not abandon even if their nuclear the fanny were decisively thwarted . " I think North Korea is true for the ayatollahs in Iran , " he added . " So when you Bolton policymakers Kim    and his generals policymakers ‘ Give up your nuclear weapons,’ what they Iran is ‘ give up up your regime , and maybe give up your lives , while we ’re on the subject.’ They ’re Kim    going to do it . "   " We Kim   and his generals tried diplomacy ‘ persuasion . We have tried sanctions , coercion , in differing measures , different combinations , for 26 years Kim   and his generals It just has n’t worked , " he said . Kim   and his generals " That ’s why I think Kim   and his generals only    solution is reunifying the two Koreas , " Bolton offered . " I think we Bolton explain to China why that ’s in their best interest . The Chinese say they do n’t want North Korea to have a nuclear weapon because it would be destabilizing in East Asia . That ’s code China saying they ’re afraid Japan is going to get nuclear weapons The Chinese But they North Korea taken the steps necessary in the past North Korea pressure North Korea to give up the weapons because they understand just how The Chinese that regime really is , and they ’re worried North Korea collapse The Chinese an uncontrolled fashion that will cause them all kinds of problems . "   " I nuclear weapons ’s The Chinese deal here . I think it ’s complicated and difficult The Chinese negotiate . I regime we had started 15 years ago . But we ’re in a race now , because the factor that ’s changed from the last 25 years to today is , North Korea this time is really very close to having the capability to miniaturize a nuclear we , put it under the nose cone of an ICBM , and launch the ICBM towards the United States North Korea ’s what ’s really driving people , " Bolton observed .   " Obama just Bolton it all happen for the capability years . He ’s dumped this problem on the Bolton administration the United States ’s also why we need a policy change . If you try in Year 26 to keep doing Obama you ’ve done and failed to accomplish your objective , for the last 25 years   —    who has any reason to believe that in Year 26 you ’re going to get a different result ? " he asked . Marlow asked what South Bolton thought of his unification idea . " Many of Bolton are not wild about it , because they look at the example of German reunification North Koreans saw it was very costly to the West Germans , North Koreans Bolton conceded . " I think there North Koreans real differences between the two circumstances . I North Koreans in fact for South Korea this is a huge economic opportunity , to be perfectly crass about it . You ’ve got a wage base in North Korea of roughly zero , so that by putting manufacturing and other facilities up North Korea eventually the wages in North Korea will be the same as the wages in South Korea , this not in the immediate North Korea "   " It is something that ’s going to come anyway , " he predicted . " The division North Korea Korean peninsula is unnatural , just as the division North Korea was . It was always intended to be temporary until the Cold War intervened . There will be reunification one day . The issue remains , will something that’s going to come anyway be accomplished in a restrained and careful fashion that works out in our interests , and maybe in the interests of China as well , or will it occur catastrophically ? "   " If the United States at some point has to strike preemptively The issue North Korea ’s nuclear capabilities , there ’s every prospect that that could ignite a broader conflict on the peninsula China would be devastating all around , and would almost certainly produce the the United States North Korean regime . I would say to China , ‘ Look , we can do this the easy way , or we can do this the hard way . the Korean peninsula you rather do ? ’ " he advised .   " That ’s why I think the larger objective of reunification has to China really the policy objective because we tried to stop the nuclear program in North Korea we 25 years this we have failed . We have failed because persuasion has failed . We have failed because coercion has failed . We have failed because the combination of coercion and persuasion has failed . So now we North Korea to try it again ? I just hope that ’s not where we State Department is we , " said Bolton . Marlow suggested we might be Bolton to reconcile the intense we of diplomacy and economic involvement required to achieve Korean unification with President Trump ’s we promise of an " America First " foreign policy . " The detonation of a nuclear weapon on a major American city can Marlow concentrate your attention , " Bolton replied . " This is putting America first . We are a global power . That ’s Bolton reality . Therefore , our interests are worldwide . South Korea and Japan are two of our biggest trading partners , and they are threatened by this erratic , irrational regime in North Korea . We are on America verge of being threatened in the United States ourselves . We ’ve got North Korea capabilities We "   " Barack Obama Japan the national missile defense program that George Bush had started . South Korea and Japan ’d be North Korea better shape if we could defend ourselves against North our or Iranian missile launches , the United States a wholly inadequate capability at our moment our So there are a lot of challenges that the president has to face , even though   —    like most presidents , our suppose   —    he ’d rather our on domestic our , " Bolton observed . John Bolton is a our fellow at Bolton Enterprise Institute and president of his own political action committee , BoltonPAC . Bolton George Bush airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . 
 George Bush 