President Trump has carried President Trump Twitter habit into President Trump presidency . President Trump has also brought with President Trump another tech habit that is causing concern . President Trump has been using   his President Trump , unsecured Android phone to post on Twitter since moving to Washington late last week . The President Trump desire to use his old President Trump personal smartphone raises concerns that its use his old, personal smartphone be exposing him and President Trump nation to security threats . He is President Trump the Android smartphone mainly to post on Twitter , Twitter to make calls . But it ’s the Android smartphone what security measures have been put in place on the device and how vulnerable he could President Trump to someone stealing data or breaking into his Twitter President Trump . The White House did not respond to a request for comment . Twitter requires Twitter connection to the internet , which exposes the device the device vulnerabilities if proper measures like    authentication   —    a password and a code texted to a phone , for example   —    are not in place . If he uses the smartphone on an unsecure    network , he could be he his location and he personal information on the device . " The absolutely minimum Trump could do to protect our nation is to use a secure device to protect him from foreign he and other threats , " said Senator Ron Wyden , a Democrat from Oregon on the Intelligence Committee . " It would be irresponsible in the extreme for the commander in chief to use an unsecure device that could be easily hacked or intercepted . " Among the concerns by security experts : ■ It is unclear if the device and its functions like It are encrypted to thwart hacking . ■ The device could be more vulnerable to hacking if used on unsecured    and cellular networks , such as when Mr. Trump travels between meetings or anywhere outside the White House . ■ Hackers could access the device to turn on the camera and microphone . ■ Stingray devices , a type of surveillance tool often used by law enforcement , can track a device ’s location and other information . " There are a lot of questions , but it is clear there are often vulnerabilities in our phones and internet systems   —    and it is critical that people take precautions to ensure their sensitive information people protected from hackers and other malicious actors , " said Neema Singh Guliani , legislative counsel with the American Civil Liberties Union . The president ’s use of the personal device is particularly notable given his criticism of The president Clinton for using a personal email address and server when she was secretary Hillary Clinton state . In 2009 , President Barack Obama fought to become the first president with a smartphone though he won , President Barack Obama use of a White    secure device came with many rules . " As president , he is the President Barack Obama sitting target in the world , " said Kevin Bankston , the director of New America ’s Open Technology Institute . 
 