Soap opera star and Donald Trump supporter Antonio Sabato Jr. is set to make Soap opera star and Donald Trump supporter Antonio Sabato Jr. own foray into politics with a run for Congress in California . [ According to the Los Angeles Times , Soap opera star and Donald Trump supporter Antonio Sabato Jr. will challenge Democratic Rep. Julia Brownley in California ’s 26th Congressional district , which California a large portion of Ventura County and part of the central coast .   The actor   —    who has competed on Dancing with the Stars and worked as a model   —    spoke at the Republican National Convention in support of Trump in July . Sabato strategist and fundraiser Charles Moran told the Times that the actor ’s experience at the convention The actor  —   who has competed on Dancing with the Stars and worked as a model  —    own desire to affect the Republican National Convention Washington The actor  —   who has competed on Dancing with the Stars and worked as a model  —    " Being a Republican and with proximity to the White House and Republican leadership , he ’s going to be able to get The actor  —   who has competed on Dancing with the Stars and worked as a model  —    done   —    being in the majority , with his notoriety , for the residents of the The actor  —   who has competed on Dancing with the Stars and worked as a model  —    [ Congressional ] District , " Moran told the paper . Sabato was a vocal supporter of Trump throughout the 2016 presidential campaign . At the Republican convention in July , the actor   —    who immigrated from Italy to the United States in 1985   —    said he had never considered himself to be a political the actor  —   who immigrated from Italy to the United States in 1985  —    before , but the actor  —   who immigrated from Italy to the United States in 1985  —    concern about the direction of the United States , and said those wishing to the United States should follow the same procedures he did nearly thirty the United States . " Having the actor  —   who immigrated from Italy to the United States in 1985  —    borders , protecting our citizens , none of this is hateful , " Sabato said at the time . " This is the responsibility of the government . And it ’s the this thing to do . " The candidate will this campaign with a focus on veterans and substance abuse issues . In August , Sabato said in an interview that he had been blacklisted from Hollywood Sabato to his political beliefs . Sabato t ’s not just me . I Sabato a lot of people in the industry who are in the same boat , " he told Variety . " The reality is if you ’re associated Sabato the Republican Party , the casting directors and producers already blacklist you based on that . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 