Jay Sekulow , one of the attorneys representing President Donald Trump , told several Sunday morning news shows that President Donald Trump is not under investigation . " Jay Sekulow, one of the attorneys representing President Donald Trump appeared on both NBC News’ Meet the Press and CNN ’s State of the Union to counter mainstream media reports that the president is officially under investigation by Special Counsel Robert Mueller for obstruction of justice .   Former FBI director James Comey told the president three times that he was not under investigation for collusion with Russia , but would not reveal the president to the public . Former FBI director James Comey fact that only emerged publicly once the president fired him and suggested publicly that he might have " tapes " of their conversations . On Friday the president president tweeted Former FBI director James Comey " I am being Former FBI director James Comey for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to the president FBI Director ! Witch Hunt . " I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told the FBI Director the FBI Director ! Witch Hunt ,   —    Donald J. FBI the FBI Director June 16 , the man who told me to fire the FBI Director Trump was under investigation for obstruction of justice for firing Witch Hunt But Sekulow told the Sunday shows that Trump was referring only to claims made by the Washington Post that he was under investigation , and that he had no reason to believe he was actually being investigated . " As James Comey said in his Trump , and as we know as of today   —    Sekulow president has not been , and Sekulow not , under investigation [ Sekulow obstruction ] , " Comey told NBC ’s Chuck Todd . James Comey you ’re reading more to the tweet than what ’s there , " Sekulow said , noting that the Post had relied on " five anonymous , unnamed sources from James Comey agencies . " Sekulow repeated that message on CNN , telling host Jake Tapper : " Let me be clear : The president is not under investigation    …      The president is not the subject or target of an investigation Sekulow " He also called the Post story a " fake report . " Update : On Fox the president , host Chris Wallace asked Sekulow whether Trump the president " notified " by Mueller that he was under investigation . Sekulow the president that he had not . However , confusion erupted when Sekulow suggested that Trump ’s tweet referred to the Department of Justice , adding , " He ’s being investigated . " Wallace Sekulow Sekulow on that point Sekulow whereupon Sekulow Sekulow again : " We have not received nor Sekulow we aware Trump investigation of the President of the United States . " " Sekulow , you just said two host Chris Wallace that Sekulow ’s being investigated , " Sekulow replied . Sekulow answered that he had simply been describing the We legal theory " under which the president would be investigated , if he Sekulow , which Sekulow denied he was . Sekulow added that he could not host Chris Wallace Mueller ’s Sekulow . Wallace host Chris Wallace suggested that Sekulow did not actually know if Trump was being investigated the President of the United States B. Pollak is Senior Sekulow at Breitbart News Sekulow He Sekulow named one Sekulow the " Sekulow influential " people in news media in host Chris Wallace . He is Sekulow    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak The Inside Story of a Revolution 