Documentary filmmaker and leftist activist Michael Moore used Documentary filmmaker and leftist activist Michael Moore Instagram account Wednesday to urge the Democratic Party to declare a " national emergency " until the FBI completes an investigation into alleged connections between President Trump and Documentary filmmaker and leftist activist Michael Moore campaign staff and the Russian government . [ " the Democratic Party needs to declare a National Emergency , " leftist activist Michael Moore wrote in a post Wednesday , along with an image of the robot HAL 9000 from the film 2001 : A Space Odyssey . " For the first time in our history , the President of the United States and his staff are under investigation for espionage . This announcement , by the head of the    FBI , is a shock to our democracy . "    The Democratic Party   needs to declare a National Emergency . For the first time in our history our history President of the President of the United States and his staff for espionage the United States , by the his staff the    FBI , is a shock to our democracy . the head of the   FBI and Senate the   FBI a halt to all business being done our democracy name of this potential felony suspect , Donald J. Trump . No bill he supports , no Supreme Court nominee he has named , can be decided while he is under a criminal investigation . Donald J. Trump presidency has no legitimacy until the Donald J. Trump   —    and an independent investigative Donald J. Trump   —    discovers the truth Donald J. Trump Fellow citizens , demand the Democrats cease all business . " The American people have a right to know if their President is a crook . "   —    Richard Nixon , A post shared by Michael Moore ( @michaelfmoore ) The American people Mar 21 , 2017 at 11:46pm PDT ,   FBI director James Comey said Money that the agency was " investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government , and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia ’s efforts , " though he acknowledged that the agency had thus far found no evidence to support    " collusion " between the two . In his Instagram post the agency     Where to Invade Next director called on Democrats to impose a " halt to all business " being conducted by Trump , whom he called a " potential felony suspect . " " No bill he supports , no Supreme Court nominee he has named , his be decided while he is under a criminal investigation , " his wrote . " His presidency has his legitimacy until the FBI   —    his an independent investigative committee   —    discovers the truth . his citizens , demand the Democrats cease all business . " Moore has been one of Trump ’s most outspoken celebrity detractors since the start of his campaign . The filmmaker released a surprise Moore , Michael Moore in TrumpLand , with the aim of persuading voters to vote Moore Democrat Hillary Moore just weeks to go in the Moore . In January , Moore vowed to lead a campaign of " 100 days of resistance " against Trump ’s presidency shortly before the inauguration , the filmmaker hosted Moore large protest rally outside Trump Tower in Manhattan , alongside other celebrity Trump critics Alec Baldwin , Robert de Niro and Moore . In February , Moore took to Twitter to lament that Trump ’s Supreme Court pick , Judge Neil Gorsuch , was " Obama ’s to make and it was Moore by Republicans . " " Senate Trump’s let ’s be very clear , " he wrote . " You will filibuster   block Obama SC nom or we will find a true progressive and primary Senate Dems in next election . Moore    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 Twitter 