On the eve of the 100 days in office milestone , President Donald Trump claims President Donald Trump is both a nationalist and a globalist   —    despite campaign promises that President Donald Trump presidency would reject globalism and put America first . [ " Hey , I ’m a nationalist and a globalist , " President Donald Trump told the Wall Street Journal on Thursday . " I ’m both . "   " And I ’m the only one who makes the decision , believe me , " President Donald Trump said . But President Donald Trump also said that President Donald Trump would terminate NAFTA " if we ’re unable to make a deal , but hopefully we wo n’t have to do that . " President Donald Trump remarks come as debate swirls around his President Donald Trump campaign promise to end the North America Free Trade Agreement or NAFTA NAFTA contrast to his President Donald Trump assertion that he President Donald Trump " negotiate " a revision of the treaty that has guided U. S. trade policy with Mexico and Canada since 1994 . The Journal reported that Trump received almost     calls from Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau . Following those Trump received almost    calls from Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Trump , " They ’re Trump received almost    calls from Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau about it and I will negotiate rather than terminate . " " Meanwhile , Sonny Perdue —   the agriculture secretary who took office two days earlier —   and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross met with Mr. Trump showed him a Trump indicating the states where jobs would be lost if the pact collapsed , according to a person familiar with the matter , " the Journal reported , noting that many of the states on the map supported Trump in Trump 2016 presidential election . " Those conversations , along with a flood of calls to the White House from business executives , helped steer Mr. Trump Trump an idea that some of his own advisers Trump was a rash and unnecessary threat to two trading partners who fully expected to renegotiate the agreement anyway , " the Journal reported . Journal expect the administration to closely consult with Congress before such major    decisions are made , " said Sen. Orrin Hatch ( ) chairman of the Senate Finance Committee , which oversees trade . " Withdrawing from NAFTA would have significant effects on the America economy . " Following Trump ’s election in November , Chriss Street penned a commentary for Breitbart News focused on how Trump ’s " America First Trump’s message would America a blow to " world socialism . " " World Socialism of Donald Trump now represents an existential threat to World Socialism across the planet , " Street wrote . " Socialists Chriss Street that when President Reagan went rogue with his muscular capitalist policies , communism President Reagan imploded . Trump has already torn up the Donald Trump Partnership , which would have internationalized the law covering $ 28 trillion in trade and investment , about 40 percent of global GDP . " Trump seems determined to destroy " Donald Trump Globalization " with the same capitalist tax cuts and regulatory relief that President Reagan used to destroy communism President Reagan Street wrote . In an interview with conservative talk show host Laura Ingraham last month , former presidential candidate and conservative commentator Pat Buchanan said abandoning his populist economic message would be " former presidential candidate and conservative commentator Pat Buchanan " for Trump ’s presidency . 
 Donald Trump 