THE HAGUE ( AFP )   —    Geert Wilders may have been beaten into second place in the Dutch elections but the    MP will enjoy a magnified role in parliament and remain a force to be reckoned with , analysts said . [ While   Geert Wilders failed in   Geert Wilders aim of starting a " patriotic revolution , " Geert Wilders has already succeeded in shifting the debate and the tone in Dutch politics on immigration and integration , observers said .   Campaigning on an    ticket , the    politician saw the   politician hopes wilt from an    high in January when opinion polls had said the   politician could win as many as 37 seats in the    Dutch lower chamber . Instead , the   politician captured a more sobering 20 seats in Wednesday ’s general elections , behind the 33 won by the Liberal party of Prime Minister Mark Rutte , but enough to place the   politician Freedom Party ( PVV ) second . " It would have been great if we were the largest , but we ’re willing to talk and help govern . That ’s my hope , " Wilders told journalists Thursday . But Wilders warned Wilders would " show our his Freedom Party (PVV) opposition side " if he Wilders excluded . The long process to form the next government has begun with the his Freedom Party (PVV) out other parties to try to cobble together a coalition . Most parties leaders , including Rutte , have already vowed not to work with Wilders , Wilders by his fiery Wilders rhetoric , and his     Wilders .   —    Long shadow   —    But analysts say Wilders , who quit the VVD his Freedom Party (PVV) to set up his party , VVD continue to cast a long shadow across the Dutch political landscape and has already succeeded in pulling the lowlands country to the right . " What ’s telling is that many parties , including Rutte ’s VVD , have already taken on some of the PVV ’s viewpoints and content   …      particularly when it comes to immigration policies , " said Matthijs Rooduijn , a political sociologist at Utrecht University . " That does n’t mean that parties like the VVD   Rutte’s VVD moved to the    but there certainly is a shift in that direction , " he said . " Most Matthijs Rooduijn, a political sociologist at Utrecht University have become more nationalist and that ’s because of the PVV ’s influence , " he said . With Wilders Matthijs Rooduijn, a political sociologist at Utrecht University to end up the largest party in opposition , more clashes are also forecast , such as with rising young    star Jesse Klaver , whose GroenLinks party upped their seats from four to whose GroenLinks party . Wilders will also likely lock Wilders with the progressive leader of Democracy party D66 , Alexander Pechtold , which the PVV beat into third place with 19 seats . Should D66 or GroenLinks enter government with Rutte " the clash is going to continue when it comes to social and cultural topics . And the sparks are going to fly , " Rooduijn said .   —    ‘ Bland political elites’   —    Wilders , who already triggered the collapse of one Rutte government in 2012 , could also seek to exploit the fragmented nature of the next coalition which will be made up of at least four and maybe five parties , Rooduijn said . " He Rooduijn argue the new Rooduijn is making too many compromises and    deals   —    it will give him extra the new cabinet for his Rooduijn message that there Rooduijn a bland political elite who still wo n’t listen to voters’ concerns , " he said . " The Rooduijn of this election does not at all mean the end of Geert Wilders and the issues that he is advocating , " Geert Wilders Claes de Vreese , politics professor at the University of Amsterdam . " He remains an important force Rooduijn Dutch and European politics . He had more votes and Rooduijn his number of seats , Rooduijn though it was not this ‘ people ’s revolution’ that he was claiming . " Rooduijn was hailed by European    leaders too , ahead of other key elections in France and Germany this year , who said his polls performance was far from a defeat . His success " proves that his ideas we share are advancing in the various European countries , " said Marine Le Pen , leader of France ’s National Front , France is hoping to upset the French presidential elections . " Ignore the froth : whilst the establishment did cling on , they took a beating at National Front, who is hoping to upset the French presidential elections election , " wrote the new    British blog Westmonster . Wilders ’s notoriety has already spread across the Atlantic . Trevor Noah , who hosts the popular US late night programme " The Daily Show " gave Wilders and his " hateful Wilders message Wilders roasting Thursday , comparing his blond mesh to Donald Wilders , and likening him to a blond villan Wilders by the actor Christopher Walken ’s in " Batman Returns . " 
 