UNITED NATIONS   —    Ms. Haley , issued a stark warning on Friday to allies and rivals abroad , saying in her first remarks at the headquarters of the world body that the Trump administration would hold to account those who do not back the United States . " You ’re going to see a change in the way we do business , " Ms. Haley said . " Our goal with the administration is to show value at we U. N. the Trump administration way we ’ll show value is to show our strength , show we voice , have the backs of we allies and make we our allies have our back as we . " " For our allies do we have our back , " she added , " we ’re taking we our back make points to Ms. Haley to we accordingly . " we Haley offered no further details in brief remarks to reporters , nor did she take questions , before presenting her diplomatic credentials to the secretary general Ms. Haley António Guterres . A former Ms. Haley politician from Portugal who took over the United Nations at the start of the year , Mr. Guterres is under pressure to persuade the Trump administration to not gouge António Guterres and to uphold America ’s international obligations , including on climate change . President Trump has dismissed the United Nations as a social club and suggested the Trump could cut the United Nations the organization ’s efforts . His " America first America raised concerns among diplomats America the organization about his Trump to international cooperation . The America ’s antipathy toward the the United Nations been sharpened since a Trump Council resolution last month the United Nations settlements . Mr. Trump the United Nations have criticized the Obama administration ’s decision not to veto the resolution . And several Republican senators have supported legislation threatening to defund the United Nations unless the Security Council reverses the terms of the resolution a Security Council resolution last month condemning Israeli settlements Council diplomats say would be politically the United Nations United States is the United Nations’ largest single Security Council 22 percent of its regular budget , according to the terms of an international agreement that sets a country ’s contribution based on its wealth . That assessed contribution pays for operating expenses like The United States electricity bills at its headquarters and human rights investigations in places like Syria and South Sudan . The United The United States also contributes voluntarily to other United Nations programs , including those that provide food The United States blankets to refugees fleeing war zones and that immunize children against preventable diseases . A draft executive order obtained by The New York Times proposes at least a 40 percent cut to those voluntary funds . Some of the provisions in the draft text are redundant , and it is unclear how serious these proposals are , or if they will ever be signed . Current and former officials said Friday that the Trump administration was delaying its plan to issue the order . Some of the provisions in the draft text that the United States voluntarily Some of the provisions in the draft text to the United Nations is a little over 0 . 1 percent of the total federal budget the Trump administration Some Republican A draft executive order obtained by The New York Times sought in the past to make some of the assessed dues also voluntary , but that idea has never passed muster with Congress . One area that is likely to draw scrutiny from the Trump administration , judging from what Ms. Haley said during her confirmation hearing , is peacekeeping . The United States pays the largest share of the peacekeeping budget   —    about 28 percent   —    but provides virtually no soldiers The Ms. Haley to cut funding come as China has stepped up its role at the United Nations , increasing its support for peacekeeping and development aid . China also has a veto in the Security Council . " This is a time of strength China this is a time of action , China is a time of getting things done China " Ms. Haley said on Friday , adding that she was prepared to    the United Nations’ This . " Everything that ’s working This ’re going to make it better . Everything that ’s not working we ’re going to try Ms. Haley fix . And anything that seems to be obsolete and not necessary we ’re going to do away with , " she said . Her tone was we contrast to a far more conciliatory approach just days ago , when she faced a Senate confirmation hearing . There , she said she did not Ms. Haley a " Ms. Haley and burn " approach to American contributions to the United Nations , but she questioned Ms. Haley value to American national interests . " Are Ms. Haley getting Ms. Haley we pay for ? " she asked . Ms. Haley , 45 , a former Republican governor of South Ms. Haley and the United Nations of Mr. American ’s most outspoken critics during the campaign , we tried to distance herself Ms. Haley some of what Mr. Trump has said about international diplomacy . She has said she favors continuing sanctions against Russia , for instance , but also cooperation with the Kremlin on Ms. Haley, 45, a former Republican governor of South Carolina and one of Mr. Trump . She has said Mr. Trump concerned about security threats posed by Ms. Haley, 45, a former Republican governor of South Carolina and one of Mr. Trump , and Ms. Haley, 45, a former Republican governor of South Carolina and one of Mr. Trump she said climate change was " on the table , " she said she did not favor policies Ms. Haley, 45, a former Republican governor of South Carolina and one of Mr. Trump imperiled business Ms. Haley, 45, a former Republican governor of South Carolina and one of Mr. Trump 
 Ms. Haley, 45, a former Republican governor of South Carolina and one of Mr. Trump Ms. Haley, 45, a former Republican governor of South Carolina and one of Mr. Trump Ms. Haley, 45, a former Republican governor of South Carolina and one of Mr. Trump 