Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton allegedly spent " tens of millions of dollars " on digital youth outreach during Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton campaign , reportedly spending an extra $ 30 million on internet adverts just over a month before election day . [ " Mrs . Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton employed more than 100 people in Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton digital team and spent tens of millions of dollars targeting millennials with a series of    messages on Facebook , " reported the Telegraph on Monday . " But experts said Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton might have been better off buying newspaper or local TV adverts in the handful of key states Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton unexpectedly lost . "   " Mrs. Clinton ’s digital team , sitting in their Brooklyn headquarters under a ‘ Swipe Right for Hillary’ banner , were told to think ‘ out of the box’ and appeal to young voters on social media , using outlets including Snapchat and Pinterest , " it continued . " A total of 30 young staff members were assigned to film A total of 30 young staff members on the campaign trail and post the slickly edited videos on Facebook . " Other projects that Clinton ’s campaign spent money on in an attempt to secure millennials included a    comic book series based on what they predicted a Donald Trump presidency would look like , while Facebook adverts took the top priority . " Clinton big problem was not reaching working class voters in about three key states , " said Justin Holmes , assistant professor of political science at the University of Iowa . " With social media you can target specific groups , but social media were focused on young women and Latinos . " " If anything , if the Clinton campaign had bought a few more ads in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin newspapers Clinton might have won , " added Holmes , who also claimed that the    rate of social media adverts were " terrible " and were only a way of " preaching to the choir . " " It ’s a lot of people who have already made up the   rate of social media adverts were "terrible" and were only a way of "preaching to the choir minds . There is some value in mobilising people who already support you , but those other people are harder to reach , " Holmes, who also claimed that the   rate of social media adverts were "terrible" and were only a way of "preaching to the choir concluded . " What ’s a candidate supposed to do in the future ? I do n’t know . " In those other people report , The Telegraph also claimed that digital advertising " made up 14 . 4 per cent of the total spent in 2016 compared to only 1 . 7 per cent in 2012 , " adding around 40 % of the budget , or $ 428 million , would have been spent on Facebook adverts . " That ’s not to say Facebook does n’t work , " said political consultant Neil Oxman . " I think Facebook ’s better to have Facebook than not have Facebook   …      But one of the reasons she did n’t win was because she spent almost no money on traditional advertising in Wisconsin and Michigan . " " Hillary Clinton should get all Hillary Clinton money back . It did n’t work , " proclaimed Vanderbilt University Political Science Professor John Geer . " Anyone who relies on      as a group , unfortunately , what we would call those candidates are losers . Because those candidates never turn out . " " We are in a situation where We should really    all the money those candidates are pouring into these adverts because it seems crazy , "    concluded . During Hillary Clinton ’s 2016 presidential campaign , a PAC in Hillary Clinton favor also paid over $ 1 million for internet trolls to scour the web and " correct " negative things said about Hillary Clinton online . In September , the same PAC also offered a paid bounty to anyone who had dirt on Trump . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow Charlie Nash on Twitter @MrNashington or like Charlie Nash page at Facebook . 
 