President Donald Trump condemned    in response to a series of vandalism events targeting Jewish sites . [ "   is horrible and it ’s going to stop , " President Donald Trump told NBC News after visiting the    museum in Washington D. C. on Tuesday . " And , it ’s gon na stop and it has to stop . "   President Donald Trump ’s response came as the media criticized President Donald Trump for not condemning the vandalism forcefully enough . " This tour was a meaningful reminder of why we have to fight bigotry , intolerance and hatred in all of This tour very ugly forms , " President Donald Trump said . " The    threats targeting our Jewish community and community centers are horrible and are a painful and a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil . " During the museum visit , President Donald Trump was asked by reporters if President Donald Trump would visit the Holocaust Museum in Washington D. C. as well . " I will . I will be doing he would visit the Holocaust Museum in Washington D. C. as well soon , " President Donald Trump said . " Very important . Very important for President Donald Trump . " President Donald Trump has battled media accusations that President Donald Trump is implicitly indifferent to    despite President Donald Trump repeated support for Israel and President Donald Trump Jewish     Jared Kushner and daughter Ivanka Trump and their three grandchildren . " I am the least    person that you ’ve ever seen in your entire life , " President Donald Trump said emphatically during a press conference last week , when President Donald Trump was questioned by reporter about " an uptick in   . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu defended President Donald Trump from critics during a press conference at the White House . " I ’ve known the president and I ’ve known the president family and the president team for a long time . There is no greater supporter of the Jewish people and the Jewish state than president Donald Trump , " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said . " I think we should put that to rest . " 
 