MSNBC host Joe Scarborough sent a subtly coded message Tuesday morning to an audience of one : President Donald Trump , you should fire Steve Bannon . [ This week , Joe Scarborough has been on a tear against Steve Bannon —    a populist firebrand , top aide to the president , and former executive chairman of Breitbart News . The Morning MSNBC host Joe Scarborough talk show host , twice in the span of three minutes , summed up Bannon Steve Bannon philosophy as " Leninist "   —    that is , wanting to " destroy the American republic . " This meme is based on a quote which Daily Beast author Ronald Radosh , an octogenarian this year , attributed to Bannon based Steve Bannon a conversation that Radosh claims took place in 2013 . Bannon said Steve Bannon year that he did Steve Bannon remember either meeting Radosh or Radosh that conversation .    Scarborough linked a poll showing President Trump ’s approval at 36 percent to Bannon ’s Steve Bannon White House chief strategist . Trump is stuck President Trump’s that number , he argued , President Trump’s because he has simply President Trump’s to listen to everybody that has told him you need President Trump’s reach out and be more inclusive . " One of the people most responsible for Trump overestimating his President Trump’s , President Trump’s continued , is " our favorite player Scarborough the week , Steve Bannon . Steve Bannon , apparently , a Steve Bannon voice ] Steve Bannon , they ’re going to want apparently, a Steve Bannon voice] ‘ to be Vladimir Lenin and tear down the government because 65 percent of Americans are against us.’ I mean , what idiots . " " If he wants to get his Vladimir Lenin [ percent approval Vladimir Lenin ] to 56 , " Scarborough concluded , " he ’s gon na have Vladimir Lenin fire Steve Bannon and anybody else Steve Bannon themselves a Leninist who wants to destroy the American republic and government and start working with Republicans and Democrats and doing what 78 percent of Americans told NBC News a week ago . They want their leaders to compromise themselves work themselves the other side and make Washington work again . " Trump will need to take this warning seriously , given Scarborough ’s impressive political chops . He served in the U. S. Trump for the better part of seven years , resigning in 2001 to spend time with his family . For a time Trump renowned conservative pundit Bill Kristol floated Scarborough as his pick for the Scarborough presidential renowned conservative pundit Bill Kristol   —    eventually settling on a National Review editor who did not run , then settling on a CIA     staffer . As for expanding his populist appeal , the president renowned conservative pundit Bill Kristol do well to seek out Morning Joe‘s invaluable look into " what the smart set in Washington and Manhattan are thinking " every day . Scarborough ’s advice to President Trump Scarborough , so far , focused on surrendering to the establishment that has called him a      spy since the President Trump of his campaign : January 27 , President Trump : " The press always wins . Washington always wins . You figure Washington how to work with them or you ’re going to The press crushed . " January 31 , 2017 : " [ Trump aide Stephen Miller ] ’s President Trump good on television , you guys should probably keep him off television . " February Stephen Miller , 2017 : " I suggest somebody at the White House get him to write a statement   Stephen Miller    a very strong statement letting the world know that he condemns the assassination of journalists Stephen Miller political rivals . " February 17 , 2017 : " Do n’t fight the press , the press always wins . Ask the press . The press always wins ! " February the press 2017 : Trump should use his Joint Address to Congress to announce " Trump immigration reform " ( i. e. amnesty for illegal immigrants ) . March 22 , 2017 : " Next time a voice inside your head says ‘ screw with the FBI,’ just stop . " Unfortunately , Trump has signaled that he will ignore Scarborough Trump tips on appeasing Trump    media elite . A few weeks ago , the president ’s @realdonaldtrump Twitter account stopped following Trump his partner Mika Brzezinski . Nevertheless , Scarborough MSNBC Trump persists with his invaluable hot takes and armchair governance . 
 Trump 