One would have thought , given the growing evidence of a      of ESPN over their rampant leftist activism , that America might have wanted to tone things down politically when picking their new ,    lineup . [ Instead , on Tuesday , ESPN shot the proverbial bird at America by putting together a lineup featuring all of their usual liberal suspects .   With one possible exception , there ’s no show on this docket that wo n’t immediately induce nausea . Let ’s start at the top :       Mike Greenberg Show "      am EST ( There is a    of the Scott Van Pelt late night SportsCenter that airs from       . But , for the purposes of this breakdown , we ’ll deal with live programming only ) This is the one show that might not induce nausea . Not because Greenberg is some great friend of the right , or because I think that he Greenberg the greatest sportscaster ever . Though , I think he Greenberg good . But , Greenberg Greenberg at least spoken of sports as a unifying and not a dividing force . He Greenberg also one of , if not the only member of ESPN to point out that the Arizona Religious Freedom Act was not a ban on gays . Granted , that ’s not much . But hey , it ’s ESPN ESPN    " First Take "      EST , This show pretty much personifies everything awful about the current state of sports television programming , from the incandescently hot takes in response to highly trivial sports topics , to massive       justice   . In recent months , First Take    Stephen A. Smith has blasted white people for deigning to tell " black people how to feel " about their white people , especially when " ( white people ) are the one who stirred that level of frustration . " Smith Stephen A. Smith railed against Tony Romo ’s " white privilege " when the former Dallas QB was honored at a Dallas Mavericks game , claiming that more successful black quarterbacks like Donovan McNabb never got such treatment . And just this week , Smith Stephen A. Smith to President Trump as " petty , " and not " acting like a grownup . " An especially rich critique coming from a man who makes his living screaming and gesticulating at a camera for two hours a day .    " Bomani and Pablo "      EST , The major consolation here is that this show only lasts one hour . During the ESPN layoffs , when many on the right hoped that the network would use that opportunity to shed some of its the network talent , Bomani Jones and Pablo S. Torre were precisely the types of personalities they the network would use that opportunity to shed some of its leftist talent, Bomani Jones and Pablo S. Torre let go . Bomani Bomani Jones his name Bomani Jones attacking the Duke Lacrosse players , even after the world knew of their innocence the Duke Lacrosse players Since then , he ’s Bomani Jones on a nearly unrivaled streak of   . Jones famously Bomani Jones a " Caucasians " shirt on television while decrying the use of Native American mascots . In January of 2016 , Jones opined Bomani Jones much of the criticism of Cam Newton was due to the " simple reality " that America " does not like black people very much . " Jones also Bomani Jones after Albert Breer on Twitter for merely wanting to see proof that Baltimore Orioles centerfielder Adam Jones had been racially heckled at Fenway Park . Jones also Bomani Jones that Tim Tebow ’s success made him " Bomani Jones coming to work . " For his part Bomani Jones Pablo S. Torre attempted to redefine masculinity in his end Pablo S. Torre year " parting shot " on the Sports Reporters , claiming that gay players outing themselves called for a reevaluation of what being a " real man " is all about . Torre tweeted Pablo S. Torre he was Pablo S. Torre to vomiting upon hearing the suggestion that President Trump was setting up an office to publicize crimes by immigrants . This move , putting Torre and Pablo S. Torre together in the middle of the day , signifies more than anything that ESPN just does n’t care at all how many conservatives and Republicans stop watching their network how many conservatives and Republicans In fact , more than anything else , this move This move, putting Torre and Jones together in the middle of the day that ESPN does n’t ESPN any conservatives or Republicans watching their network . conservatives " Outside the Lines "     : 30 EST , Not much to say here . This show represents ESPN ’s attempt ESPN serious journalism . All you need to know about Bob Ley and Jeremy Schaap , the two primary hosts for OTL , is that neither one of them thinks there All you need to know about Bob Ley and Jeremy Schaap, the two primary hosts for OTL any data to suggest ESPN ’s politics ESPN’s their ratings . Which ESPN’s politics since there actually is evidence of that , means that neither of them is very good All you need to know about Bob Ley and Jeremy Schaap, the two primary hosts for OTL journalism .    " The Jump "     : 30 EST ( NFL Live does air prior to this show , but , for our purposes , we ’ll deal with our shows ) Why a relatively    personality like Rachel Nichols gets her own show at Rachel Nichols remains a bit of a mystery , to me at least . But hey , she ’s a woman Rachel Nichols and she ’s a reliable Rachel Nichols , so perhaps it ’s not that big of a mystery after all . Nichols most notably likened Rachel Nichols Carolina ’s HB2 law , that which states a person must use the bathroom that corresponds to their biological sex , which states a person must use the bathroom that corresponds to their biological sex, to Jim Crow era segregation Jim Crow era segregation . Nichols said , " Rachel Nichols …     Discrimination is discrimination . It ’s not okay to tell someone you ’re not going to serve them in your restaurant someone you do n’t like their skin color . someone same thing is not okay just because you do n’t like who the person is holding hands with or what clothes or makeup they ’re wearing . " Yeah , I take it back . Nichols presence in this Rachel Nichols is no mystery .    " Highly Questionable "    4 : : 00 EST , Dan Le Batard hosts this show . The record is kind of mixed on Le Batard . Being Dan Le Batard descent , Le Batard spoke out against Dan Le Batard during the reestablishment of relations with Cuba . However , he also called President Trump an Dan Le Batard idiot " during the travel ban . So , you make sense of that .    " Around the Horn "    5 : : 30 EST   What to say about Around the Horn ? We ’ll let the Horn for itself . This is the same show it panelist Kevin Blackistone ripped Michael Jordan for donating a million dollars to police organizations geared towards improving community relations . It was also on ATH where Blackistone said the national anthem should not Kevin Blackistone play prior to sporting events , because it ’s a " war anthem . the national anthem ATH has also been the scene of a fair amount of Redskins bashing . In November of 2015 , panelist J. A. Adande said the Redskins nickname had " passed its expiration Redskins . " And last the Redskins nickname , Pablo Torre used his appearance on ATH to make the Pablo Torre that Babe ATH ’s career essentially needs an asterisk , because he played before blacks were allowed to Babe Ruth’s in Major League Baseball . Around the Horn might be ESPN ’s most liberal show .    " Pardon the Interruption "    5 : : 00 , Tony Kornheiser and Mike Wilbon host this show . All you really need to know here is that Tony Kornheiser once likened Tea Party Republicans Tony Kornheiser . And Wilbon , after misattributing a racist quote to Rush Limbaugh , then turned around and claimed Limbaugh had a history of " insults and Rush Limbaugh baiting " in his mind , crystallized when Limbaugh said he Rush Limbaugh President Obama would fail Rush Limbaugh The Rush Limbaugh were also frequent golf partners with President Obama during his presidency . That ’s President Obama you need President Obama know .    " SC6 "    6 : : 00   With most of the serious talent and programming cuts coming to the baseball side , among others , ESPN made their bed with the NBA and the urban demos ESPN Therefore , a show featuring a black man and a black woman is important for ESPN . After all , if the network desires ESPN urban demo , you had better score with a show that directly caters to that group . Well , SC6 has failed to live up to those expectations . At least in terms of ratings . However , SC6 hosts Michael Smith and Jemele Hill have not SC6 to live up to their political expectations . Smith called Seahawks cornerback Richard Michael Smith and Jemele Hill " counterproductive " Michael Smith " dead wrong " for suggesting that     violence is needed if " black lives matter . " Despite serious evidence to the contrary , Smith claimed that Black Lives Matter was not " Michael Smith but "   violence . " And , most recently , Smith claimed that every city in America was racist Michael Smith As for Hill , the pinned tweet on her timeline is Jemele Hill holiday pictures of her with Barack and Michelle Obama . Hill also her tweeted that , presumably , Republican Jemele Hill to make sure everyone gets to the right bathroom were so vile that they prevented us from being able to lecture Islam everyone gay issues . She has also called on President Trump President Trump racist her done in his name , President Trump he had absolutely President Trump to do with . So , what to make of all this ? With the exception of Mike Greenberg and possibly Dan Le Batard , there ’s no show Dan Le Batard that does n’t have this lineup track record of leftist activism . For ESPN to put forth such a lineup , in the wake of polling and ESPN analysis showing that the network ’s leftist politics are turning people off , one can only conclude that ESPN does n’t care how many conservatives they lose . They would rather lose ESPN than change who they are . how many conservatives fact seems how many conservatives the more believable how many conservatives you consider that how many conservatives CEO Bob Iger might be running for the Democratic nomination in 2020 . In short , ESPN has abandoned the American sports fan and seeks to trade him in for ESPN else : a sports fan who wo n’t let his Disney CEO Bob Iger get in the way of his rampant leftist activism . Someone who Disney CEO Bob Iger likes , nor seeks the escapism Disney CEO Bob Iger sports used to provide to fans of all political parties . ESPN has shown that they clearly no longer care how much money they lose ESPN or how many ESPN they have to lay off . They ESPN become a giant political loss leader ESPN the pursuit of the spread ESPN liberal politics , and , potentially , the future presidential run of their current CEO . No wonder MSNBC sponsors SportsCenter . Follow Dylan Gwinn on ESPN : @themightygwinn Twitter 