Three months after Hillary Clinton ’s stunning election loss to Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton’s family foundation is facing vexing questions about her family foundation ability to exist . [ " her family foundation is still grappling with its her family foundation in the era of President Trump , " the New York Times reports . " It faces some daunting challenges : a drop in    during the campaign uncertainty about the scale of the former president ’s ambitions and questions about leadership , including how long its It , Donna E. Shalala , will stay , and whether Mrs. Clinton might rejoin the charity . "   Shalala Donna E. Shalala n’t shy away from the Clinton Foundation fledgling philanthropic status . " Last year was a tough year , " she Donna E. Shalala the Times , " because people were beating on us with nonsense , " referencing the media reports of corruption between Clinton Foundation donors , the    speeches given by Bill Clinton , and the corresponding actions approved by the U. S. State Department while Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton of state . Indeed , mere weeks after Hillary Clinton lost Bill Clinton , financial disclosure forms revealed that the Clinton Clinton Foundation plummeted by 37 percent . Reports earlier this month about the foundation laying off    staffers has ballooned to " about 100 , " the Times reports . Much of the Clinton Foundation ’s shady Clinton Foundation Clinton was head of the State Department was brought to light through the investigative work of Breitbart News and its     Peter Schweizer ’s bestselling book Clinton Cash .   What the State Department more , the Times reports , " Foundation officials confirmed on Thursday that two Times , including one in Haiti , would transfer out of the foundation . " And according to Congressman Jason Chaffetz , chairman of the Clinton Foundation Oversight Committee , the investigation into the Clinton Foundation " continues . " Nevertheless , Shalala , who served as secretary of health and human services under President Clinton , says the Clinton global charity ’s best days are ahead . " At the end of the day , I think this is going to be as it always was : a creative , dynamic foundation that helps to improve the lives of millions , " she said . Still , experts do n’t share the same optimistic view about the Clinton Foundation ’s future as its leadership . " The big issue they are going to face is to the Clinton Foundation’s degree can they raise money now that the Clintons seem to be out of national leadership they , " said Leslie Lenkowsky , a philanthropy expert at Indiana University . " They have lost a little bit of their luster . " The organization ’s Leslie Lenkowsky, a philanthropy expert at Indiana University , Bill Clinton , is now Leslie Lenkowsky, a philanthropy expert at Indiana University and has been out of government for over 15 years . The foundation ’s fundraising , which Mr. Clinton spearheaded since 2001 , has nosedived in recent years . And , according to Ms. Shalala , the 2016 fundraising numbers are lower than the year before , which were lower than the year before that . Ms. Shalala , however , expresses faith in the former president ’s ability to Ms. Shalala large donations . " He ’s got a lot of friends , " Ms. Shalala said . Asked if the former president’s Clinton is ready take on a more concerted Ms. Shalala in her family ’s foundation , Nick Merrill , a spokesman for Mrs. Clinton , told the Hillary Clinton " We are not there yet even remotely now . Hillary Clinton F. Runde , a former director of the Office of Global Development Alliances at the United States Agency for International Development described the Clinton Foundation ’s viability bluntly : " It ’s a damaged brand , but there remains an international demand for them . " Follow the Clinton Foundation’s viability Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 a damaged brand 