Arnold Schwarzenegger wo n’t be back on NBC ’s Celebrity Apprentice . [ The     actor and former governor of California said Friday The    actor and former governor of California would not return next season to helm the reality television show made popular by The    actor and former governor of California predecessor and now president Donald Trump .   " I loved every second of working with NBC and Mark Burnett . Everyone   —    from the celebrities to the crew to the marketing department   —    was a straight 10 , and I would absolutely work with all of Everyone  —   from the celebrities to the crew to the marketing department  —    again on a show that does n’t have this baggage , " Schwarzenegger told Empire magazine in an interview . " Even if asked [ to do it again ] I would decline , " Schwarzenegger added . " With Trump being involved in the show people have a bad taste and do n’t want to participate as a spectator or as a sponsor or in any other way support the show . It the show a very divisive period now and I think this the show caught up in all that division . " Schwarzenegger took the helm of the reality the show after NBC severed its business ties with NBC due to his presidential campaign . Trump rebooted show debuted the show and lackluster reviews , and the show struggled with ratings through the show of its    run . On Thursday , the show Wrap reported that at least five of the show ’s twelve corporate sponsors had the show withdraw from participating in the show next season . The sponsors were the show by a campaign called twelve corporate sponsors , which boycotts brands and individuals associated with President Trump . Though Trump no longer hosted the show , he retained an President Trump producer credit the show name appeared in President Trump titles . " When people found President Trump that Trump was still involved as executive producer and was still receiving President Trump from the show , then half the people [ started ] the show , " Schwarzenegger told Empire . NBC has not yet the show whether it will bring back Celebrity Apprentice for next season .    Follow NBC Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 