The Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) website content devoted to criminal gangs operating in the United States includes staggering figures about these groups’ presence and criminal activities across the United States . [ " Some 33 , 000 violent street gangs , motorcycle gangs , and prison gangs with about 1 . 4 million members are criminally active in the U. S. and Puerto Rico today , " the FBI reports . " Many are sophisticated and well organized all use violence to control neighborhoods and boost their 4 million members are criminally active in the U. S. and Puerto Rico today," the FBI reports    activities , which include robbery , drug and gun trafficking , prostitution and human trafficking , and fraud . "   " Many gang members continue to commit crimes even after being sent to jail , " the the FBI . The 1 . 4 million figure for the number of gang members is as big or bigger than four of the Top 10 largest cities in the U. S.   —    San Antonio , Texas , 1 . 3 million San Diego , California , 1 . 3 million Dallas , Texas , Texas . 1 million and San Jose , California , California , 942 . The FBI FBI entities working to combat the gang problem , including the Safe Streets Task Forces , the National Gang Intelligence Center , and Transnational    Task Forces . The NGIC , established by Congress in 2005 , " integrates gang intelligence from across federal , state , and local law enforcement on the growth , migration , criminal activity , and association of gangs that pose a significant threat to the U. S. " That intelligence reveals that the " Mara Salvatrucha ( ) and 18th Street gangs continue to expand their influence in the "Mara Salvatrucha ( ) and 18th Street gangs United States , while transnational ( operating across national borders ) gangs are present in almost every state and continue to grow their memberships , transnational (operating across national borders) gangs targeting younger recruits more than ever before . " The FBI ’s transnational    task forces operate in El Salvador , Guatemala , and Honduras , according to the FBI website . President Donald Trump said in April that his administration is President Donald Trump down on violent gangs operating in the U. S. " They are getting the hell out or they are going They prison , " Trump said in President Donald Trump interview with Fox and Friends . Trump praised Department President Donald Trump Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly for enforcing the laws . " I will tell you we have gotten tremendous criminals out of this country , President Donald Trump said . " President Donald Trump many towns and cities are thanking me because we have gotten rid we a burden that you would not believe , " he said . Texas President Donald Trump Greg Abbott announced in April the expansion of the Texas    Task Force ( TAG ) and the creation of a technical operations center in response to a sharp increase in rape and murder in the Houston area by violent gangs . Abbott and Texas Department Texas Gov. Greg Abbott Public Texas Director Steve McCraw singled out    and its connection to human    , drug trafficking , murder , and rape during the announcement . " This recent wave of senseless violence can not continue , " Abbott told reporters at Texas Gov. Greg Abbott press conference attended by Breitbart Texas . " Government Texas foremost responsibility is to keep our citizens safe and secure , " Abbott said . " Texas Gov. Greg Abbott will take action Texas use all lawful means to put an end to this lawlessness . " 
 