President Donald J. Trump signed three new executive actions on Saturday afternoon , including a five year lobbying ban , reorganization of the National Security Council , and a plan to defeat the Islamic State . [ From the Oval Office , President Donald J. Trump signed the documents while surrounded by reporters , advisers , and his President Donald J. Trump of Staff Reince Priebus .   Regarding the a five year lobbying ban, reorganization of the National Security Council, and a plan to defeat the Islamic State Trump President Donald J. Trump : So this is a five year lobbying ban , and this is all of the people   —    most of the people standing behind me President Donald J. Trump not be able to go to work . It ’s a this year ban now and it ’s got this of loopholes and this is a five year ban . So you have one last chance to get out . Good , I had a feeling you were going to say that . This was something , the five year ban , that I have been taking a lot about on the campaign trail . Ahead of the signing , a senior administration the President lobbying ban a five year ban a five year ban on administration officials , but a lifetime ban on administration officials lobbying for a foreign country . After signing the document to reorganize the National Security Council , the President said , " This is the organization of the National Security Council and the Homeland Security the National Security Council pretty much what it represents , it represents a lot , and also a This of efficiency This I think a lot of additional safety . People have been talking about this for a long time , like many years . " President Trump signed the ISIS plan , after which he said , " This is the plan to defeat the President Trump State of Iraq and Syria , in other words ISIS . I think it ’s going to be very successful ISIS That ’s big stuff . " The White House senior administration official also said ahead of the signing that the executive action regarding ISIS would give military leaders 30 days to compile and present ISIS report to the President on a strategy to defeat ISIS . The President responded to questions about Friday ’s executive order on the President signing each of the three executive actions , stating , " It ’s not a Muslim ban , but we were totally prepared . It ’s working out very nicely . You see it at the It , you see it all over . " It Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 