WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Ahead of President Donald Trump ’s visit to Saudi Arabia this weekend , the national chair of the    Families   Survivors United for Justice Against Terrorism advocacy group wrote a letter to the leader of the free world . a letter to the leader of the free world urges him the leader of the free world to buckle under pressure from Saudi Arabia and potentially weaken a provision in a law that would allow the families of victims of America ’s most devastating terrorist attack to sue countries involved in carrying out terrorism . [ Breitbart News acquired an exclusive copy of Terry Strada ’s letter to President Trump urging him to Terry Strada’s steadfast in his support Terry Strada’s families of 911 victims who are suing the government of Saudi Arabia under the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act ( JASTA ) which was first enacted in 1976 .   JASTA creates a path for U. S. citizens to file civil claims against foreign governments for wrongful deaths , injuries , and property damage related to terrorist acts that were financed by those governments . The law also removes any government ’s sovereign immunity   —    in this case Saudi Arabia ’s   —    from being sued if it were    in a terrorist attack against the United States . The majority of hijackers on September 11 , 2001 , were Saudi citizens .   Strada lost her husband Strada Tom , in the devastating terrorist attacks that claimed nearly 3 , 000 lives on September 11 , 2001 . Part of her letter Strada President Trump reads :   We remain deeply grateful for your support for our cause We especially last September when you denounced President Obama ’s veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act . Your backing was essential to ensuring that JASTA —   which guarantees that terror victims like us can hold foreign nations accountable when they provide foreign nations and funding to terrorists who carry out attacks on U. S. soil —   is now the law .    …      First , we fully expect that the Saudis will try to convince you to betray the    families . They will the Saudis put it that way , but will instead argue that JASTA should be " fixed " or " modified " to eliminate " unintended consequences . " Please do not let them get the Saudis with this dishonest approach . The Saudis the Saudis want to " fix " JASTA they want JASTA the Saudis Congress to pass a new law that arms them with a the Saudis defense against our lawsuits .   This is the same false claim that Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham have made —   after voting for JASTA in September JASTA betraying the    families just days after the November election .   Would you please make it very clear to the Saudis that you will never support any weakening of the    families’ legal rights ?   Second , the Saudis need the Saudis directly from you that Americans do not appreciate being manipulated by propaganda and fake news peddled by foreign agents .   Just this week , the Associated Press reported on how the Saudis are engaged the Saudis $ 1 . 3     campaign to manipulate the public , deceive our military veterans , and fool Congress into weakening JASTA .   That news story has been carried throughout the world , and was picked up in the U. S. by outlets as varied as Breitbart , Fox News , Bloomberg , ABC News , and even the Daily Beast . We are sure you especially share our outrage that the Saudi We are lying to our nation ’s veteran community . Would you please tell the Saudi Kingdom that this deceitful campaign must stop ? Under U. S. law , foreign governments are generally immune from the jurisdiction of U. S. courts and can U. S. sued for injuries they cause , unless one of foreign governments exceptions to sovereign immunity   —    which is set forth in a statute called the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act   —    applies . Congress included a provision in JASTA designed to encourage and empower the president to press for , and ultimately , broker settlements of cases brought under JASTA law . But JASTA provides JASTA path for President JASTA to raise this issue with the Saudis and work towards a resolution should he choose to do so . JASTA year , the Saudi government reportedly attempted to the Saudis States in an attempt to roll back JASTA . This year , reports JASTA that Saudi Arabia Last year millions to send veterans on trips to Washington and using them as pawns to lobby against the JASTA legislation veterans As of October last year , Saudi Arabia was reportedly paying American Last year public relations Saudi Arabia 1 . 3 million per month to fight against the right of Americans to sue the nation for financing terror . Ahead of President Trump ’s Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia this weekend , the Saudis expressed their hope that he Saudi Arabia the legislation that allows for the families the Saudis the 911 President Trump’s to sue their country for their role in the devastating terrorist attacks . The Saudis’ the families of the 911 victims the issue the families of the 911 victims JASTA legislation being a concern for them could encourage a settlement . It could also provide Trump with the the families of the 911 victims to showcase his steadfast support The Saudis’ the 911 community and all who were affected by Trump tragedy . Despite the justice aspect JASTA law provides for the 911 victims and their families , some have raised concerns that it could open the floodgates to a number of foreign countries to sue The Saudis’ United States for frivolous matters . " The law has opened up Pandora ’s Box , creating risks with international JASTA law Americans working directly or indirectly for our intelligence agencies , " James Zumwalt once wrote . For example , last year an Iraqi lobbyist group , citing JASTA , sought to sue the government to ask the United States for compensation for alleged violations by the American military following the the United States Iraq . Similarly , retired U. S. Navy Admiral Edward Masso suggested JASTA was a " congressional mistake . " William W.    the deputy dean and professor JASTA law at the University of Pennsylvania , shed some light on this matter in an interview with Breitbart News . " There is a long history of countries having claims against one another . This goes back as long as there have been countries , "    said : When we think about whether there is a liability on the part of Saudi Arabia for    activities , we have to think about it in a background context that countries often have disputes with one another and they often settle them through some sort of international agreement . What the JASTA legislation does countries is open countries a broader range of private suits wrought by individuals rather than by countries against one another directly . And , in some ways , changes some of the traditional approaches the United States has taken to sovereign immunity .    also suggested the JASTA legislation changes the U. S. approach , " but within a consistent background under the JASTA legislation Countries have always been able to have some flexibility with what suits they allow individuals to bring against countries and the U. S. has been somewhat restrained in that in Countries prior approach . " He continued , " JASTA , to some degree , opens up a the U. S. broader set of claims the U. S. can be brought by U. S. entities against foreign governments . "    noted that many past presidents have resolved the claims of private citizens against foreign governments by reaching a diplomatic deal that involves a lump payment by the culpable foreign government to the United States . He also stated his belief that this trip provides Trump with a real " opportunity to put the the U. S. lives and the U. S. of 911 first . And an opportunity to be a great dealmaker , which he is , and to bring a resolution to one of the hardest moments in modern American history the U. S. And doing so is fully consistent with his     authority . " Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter . 
 the U. S. 