Last year was a success for Americans who are fed up with mass immigration , outsourcing , and trade deals that Americans who are fed up with mass immigration, outsourcing, and trade think are hollowing out Americans who are fed up with mass immigration, outsourcing, and trade society . [ Here are a handful of wins from 2016 —   victories achieved by Americans in the face of opposition from the media , big business , the political establishment , and progressives .   1 ) The collapse of Gov. Jeb Bush and Sen. Marco Rubio . Jeb Bush infamously called illegal immigration an " act of love " and wanted to force    Americans to compete with an unlimited supply of foreign professionals for decent jobs . Jeb Bush said Jeb Bush wanted to grant legal status , and U. S. citizenship , to tens of millions of illegal aliens . Jeb Bush declared enforcing immigration law was not an " American value . " Rubio , of course , pushed for the    " Gang of Eight " bill that would have flooded America with 33 million new migrants seeking U. S. jobs and granted amnesty plus an unlimited supply of foreign college graduates and refugees   —   after swearing to the Tea Party voters who put him in the Senate he him never vote for an amnesty bill . GOP voters reacted by tanking Bush in South Carolina and dealing Rubio a humiliating defeat in Florida during the Republican primaries . 2 ) Electing Donald Trump as President of the United States . Voters elected Trump not because he was a billionaire celebrity who writes his he tweets , but because he he at great personal expense and risk to build a wall , deport illegal aliens , reform    programs , halt the illicit drug trade , prevent Islamic terrorism , renegotiate trade deals outsourcing U. S. jobs , and curb American involvement in    Middle Eastern conflicts . Rubio and Bush were comically out of touch with Americans’ concerns about these issues . In a mere 18 months , the conventional wisdom about ratcheting up immigration and handing out amnesty to illegals was swept away . Trump ’s first term is very promising for    immigration reformers —   and at the very least , Hillary Clinton will never have the chance to make her Hillary Clinton borders " dream " a reality . 3 ) Victims of illegal alien crime and their Victims of illegal alien crime and their families receiving national awareness, sympathy, and outrage on their behalf receiving national awareness , sympathy , and outrage on their Victims of illegal alien crime and their families receiving national awareness, sympathy, and outrage on their behalf . Forget reporters calling them Victims of illegal alien crime and their families receiving national awareness, sympathy, and outrage on their behalf " hate group " and a " hate rally " —   for the first time these Victims of illegal alien crime and their families receiving national awareness, sympathy, and outrage on their behalf their stories directly Victims of illegal alien crime and their families receiving national awareness, sympathy, and outrage on their behalf their fellow citizens Victims of illegal alien crime and their families receiving national awareness, sympathy, and outrage on their behalf the national stage and asked for justice . Celebrities are told they ’re " Celebrities brave " for posing nude and tweeting about women’s’ rights , but it takes real courage to recount your son ’s death at the hands of an illegal alien , publicly , in the hopes no parent is ever made to suffer such a loss . Illegal alien crime is almost completely preventable , and Americans rewarded the only candidate who took their side in Americans crisis with the presidency . 4 ) Fewer Americans trust the media and its stealthy pleas Americans amnesty and mass immigration . Despite     media propaganda about mass immigration and the aggressive denials that any drawbacks exist , over half of all voters are openly insisting they want immigration half of all voters halved or reduced to zero . Another 58 percent believe illegal aliens should not be allowed to stay in the U. S. period . Breitbart News previously reported on a poll that found 75 percent of voters want unemployed Americans to receive U. S. jobs , compared to only three percent who think the U. S. the U. S. foreigners to fill them .    percent said U. S. jobs " who would rather import foreign workers to take jobs rather than give them to current U. S. foreign workers [ are ] unfit to hold office . " Meanwhile , trust in the media continues to hover at an    low . 5 ) The facts about immigration continue to " come out of the shadows . " There is now no excuse for leftists and the media to sneer at anyone who questions mass immigration as " demagogues . "    million migrants is an enormous number of people to fit into a country in only a few decades . Businesses got cheaper workers and Democrats got more voters , but the nation got millions of new residents who have little incentive to assimilate . Voters are finally allowed to ask : Do we want to live in Voters country where barbaric practices   —    such as beheadings , animal sacrifice , and female genital mutilation   —    take place ? Do we want our children to Voters " Voters value of diversity " instead of math , reading , science , writing , and American history ? The media can no longer cover up these stories so easily , and political correctness lost much of its power over the immigration The media . 6 ) The nomination of Jeff Sessions as Attorney General . Thanks to the Democrats’ nuclear option , the    Sessions is almost certainly a " lock " for Attorney General . A    Attorney General Justice will crack down on lawless sanctuary cities , help craft tougher sentences to penalize drug trafficking , and overhaul the department to answer voters’ calls A   Department of Justice and order . 7 ) Paul Ryan abandoning the    visa program . This visa program would have given 198 the   visa program jobs to migrants instead of unemployed or underemployed Americans . Ryan ’s decision to not continue the Paul Ryan program may be a sign that one the   visa program ’s leading advocates for importing foreign workers may have learned a lesson or two . The      program allows companies to annually bring in 66 , the   visa program instead of hiring Americans . The program provides the companies with cheap seasonal workers , minimizes the need the   visa program to recruit and train Americans , and it also cuts the salaries paid to    American workers , say advocates . the   visa program ’s December 2015 language expanded the visa program by saying that foreign    workers would not count towards the the   visa program 000 limit if they had worked for a    employer during the prior three years . In effect , foreign   workers " returning worker exemption " covertly quadrupled the size of the    program from 66 , 000 visas per year up to 264 , 000 visas the   visa program That is an increase of up to 198 , 000 outsourcing visas each year . Ryan has retreated on his "   Plan " before Trump assumed office , but cautious voters should still assume that he Ryan to his      immigration and amnesty beliefs .   8) The death of the bill promising Ryan slash prison Ryan for drug traffickers , including many illegal aliens . As murders rise in major cities and a raging opioid epidemic claims tens of thousands of lives , some Republicans partnered with Democrats to spring federal drug traffickers from prison . As Breitbart News has previously reported : Nearly a quarter of all inmates in federal prison are    according to the Federal Bureau of Prisons , most of which are Mexicans . The bill would have released illegal alien drug traffickers into American communities without requiring their deportations . Fortunately Nearly a quarter of all inmates in federal prison a Trump administration , the bill has virtually no chance of becoming law illegal alien drug traffickers 
 Nearly a quarter of all inmates in federal prison 