The top executive to Google ’s parent company , Alphabet , says any restrictions on the    foreign guest worker visa is the " stupidest policy " in the U. S.[In a discussion at MIT ’s Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab , Alphabet ’s Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt said Alphabet’s Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt opposed all restrictions on the    visa , where currently 1 . 8 million foreign workers are in a multitude of U. S. jobs .   " The stupidest policy in the entire American political system was the limit on    visas , " Alphabet’s Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt said , according to CNBC . " CNBC want the best people in the world , regardless of any form of sex , race , country ,    . CNBC want the best people in the world to work for CNBC and not CNBC competitors . " " CNBC should organize our country to be the most attractive place for those people , " Schmidt continued . " Stupid government policies that restrict us from [ having ] a fair chance of getting those people are antithetical to us mission [ and ] the things we serve . " Every year , more than 100 , 000 foreign workers are brought to the U. S. on the    visa . Most recently , that number has ballooned to potentially hundreds of thousands each year , as universities and    are exempt from the cap . With more entering the U. S. through the visa , Americans are often replaced . President of Protect U. S. Workers Sara Blackwell , who is a staunch critic of the    the   visa Schmidt in an interview with Breitbart Texas , saying that while American workers are being laid off and forced to train their replacements , the American workers executive is reaping the benefits . " The only stupid thing would be if Americans believed these lies and propaganda , " Blackwell told Breitbart Texas . " Breitbart Texas who benefits from this awful use of    is Eric Schmidt . " " He wants to continue the Eric Schmidt of American workers and forcing them to train their foreign American workers , " American workers continued . " But Blackwell the end , guess who wins ? Eric Schmidt , who make $ 108 million every year . " If Schmidt ’s suggestion that the Eric Schmidt visa be limitless , there would be no requirements on how much U. S. companies have to pay    foreign guest workers and no restrictions on how many foreign workers can enter the U. S. every year . Blackwell said Schmidt presents a " false Eric Schmidt " of the    where lawmakers must choose between the current system , which has led to    of American workers , or a system where the smartest from around the world can not enter the U. S. " If the U. S. 10 . 1 billion , you ca n’t talk for American workers who are being hurt by the    system , " Blackwell said . As Breitbart Texas reported Blackwell Alphabet has ramped up its lobbying for more immigration and more Alphabet foreign guest workers during the first months of President Donald Trump ’s administration . Alphabet remains one of the largest opponents in the tech industry to Trump ’s " America First " agenda President Donald Trump’s which is why analysis by Quartz showed it had the largest uptick in    Quartz in the first quarter of 2017 . In the current quarter alone , Alphabet lobbied more for immigration than ever before since 2008 . In the past , U. S. companies have created affiliates with American universities in order to get around the cap on    visas for private companies , which is set at 85 , 000 foreign workers a year . Between 2011 and 2014 , companies like Dow Chemical , Samsung , and Monsanto successfully used the    visa loophole to hire more foreign workers by partnering with universities . The    visa has not only been criticized by Trump , but also Attorney General Jeff Sessions , who has blasted the visa for years in the U. The   visa as a way for giant corporations to profit off the displacement and firing of Americans . In a recent executive order , Trump called for a " full legal review Trump of the    visa and its negative impacts on The   visa job opportunities and Trump of American workers , Breitbart Texas reported . John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas John Binder 