TEL AVIV   —    A new bill to annex the settlements around Jerusalem will be submitted to the Knesset this week , the Jerusalem Post reported . [ MK Yehuda Glick ( Likud ) is advancing the private member ’s legislation , which would cover    of the 386 , 000 settlers in Judea and Samaria residing in communities including Ma’aleh Adumim , Givat Ze’ev , Adam , Psagot , Ma’aleh Michmash and the Gush Etzion bloc .   A similar bill annexing Ma’aleh Adumim has been submitted and is awaiting approval from the Ministerial Committee for Legislation . But according to Glick , annexing Ma’aleh Adumim alone is not enough . Applying sovereignty to all the communities around Jerusalem would strengthen the capital and distance the notion of a Palestinian state , Glick said . Glick added that A similar bill annexing Ma’aleh Adumim has already garnered support from Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely and Transportation Minister Israel Katz . He Glick that his Glick at an auspicious time , ahead of the 50th anniversary of the Six Day War that saw Judea and Samaria liberated from Jordan , and as such this should be " the year of sovereignty . " The new A similar bill annexing Ma’aleh Adumim the heels of a series of annexation attempts put forward by nationalist politicians here since President Donald Trump came into office . So far , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has not supported efforts toward annexation , fearing it would cause too much backlash from the U. S. and international community . Instead , he favors a scenario Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu which the U. S. would the U. S. for building within existing the U. S. . A group of nationalist politicians from the Knesset Land of Israel Caucus published an open letter to Netanyahu Sunday , urging him " to seize the opportunity Netanyahu by the entry of the new U. S. administration    …      [ and ] prevent the establishment of an Arab terrorist state in the Land of Israel , and to stand for Israel , prosperity and building of communities throughout Judea and Samaria . "  
 