SiriusXM host Alex Marlow welcomed billionaire businessman Mark Cuban of ABC ’s Shark Tank to Breitbart News Daily on Friday . [ SiriusXM host Alex Marlow asked Cuban about SiriusXM host Alex Marlow " Radical Transport " Kickstarter campaign to create hoverboards with two key features previous products lacked : previous products will be made in the U. S. and previous products will not explode .   " It ’s made in the United States . We have a few parts We have to import , that We could n’t make here . It ’s going to be assembled in Dallas , so It ’s going to be made with a lot more care , " Cuban explained . " We ’re    which the previous boards out of China were not , "    noted . " Everything is redesigned . It ’s    intellectual property . The previous hoverboards , they were designed to push the price down , be as inexpensive as possible , and appeal to as many kids as possible . We ’ve taken a completely different approach :    intellectual property , a whole new design . intellectual property, a whole new design ’s a lot more responsive . intellectual property, a whole new design ’s a lot safer from a manufacturing perspective . "   " intellectual property, a whole new design ’s a lot more oriented toward    riders , if you will . Believe intellectual property, a whole new design or not , there ’s a group of people who do n’t just want to ride them around the house or the driveway . them want to do tricks and kind of be an alternative to skateboards . That ’s the market we ’re going after , so them ’ll be a little bit more expensive , too , " he said . Cuban said that in all of he companies , " we ’re not allowed to buy anything overseas until we ’ve priced it here in the United States first . " " There are some products we just ca n’t get here , like with the Mavericks , I ca n’t get my    all made here . all ’re twice as expensive . But anything else , all the tchotchkes , whatever we give away , it always has to be priced here in the United States , just in case something ’s changed . If it ’s it close , the tie goes to the U. S. A. company , " he said the U. S. A. company Marlow saluted Cuban , a supporter of Hillary Clinton in 2016 and critic of President Donald Trump , for appearing on Breitbart News Daily . " I like facilitating dialogue between people who disagree , " said Marlow . Marlow You ’d be shocked at how hard it is to get Hillary supporters Hillary Clinton come on a show like this and talk to me . " Cuban in turn applauded Marlow and Marlow Breitbart News Daily crew for welcoming such guests when they do such guests . " I agree with you . I take the same approach . I do n’t need to go and talk to people who agree with me . We already agree , " he said me " I learn from people who disagree with me . me call it checking my hole card : you know what you have underneath there , but you ’re always checking to make sure you ’re still being consistent in your thoughts . I want people to challenge me . That ’s how I get smarter . That ’s how I learn . " " I try not to be an ideologue about anything . If I ’m wrong , I ’m wrong ’m and I ’m willing ’m evolve . Coming on a show like this is a great opportunity for me , me he added , stressing that he was he a partisan for the left or the Democratic Party , but an independent . Cuban agreed with Marlow that the healthy exchange of ideas was vital , especially in a time when so many people are living in ideological bubbles or actively calling for the suppression of speech with which they disagree so many people " I do n’t know if there ’s necessarily a ‘ crackdown’ on free speech , but I do agree with you that we kind of insulate ourselves and we to live in our own we bubbles , " he said a ‘crackdown’ on free speech " We tend we see the news with which we agree . To me , that ’s a real problem . It was a problem during the election , and it continues It be . " " When we have we people that disagree or groups that disagree , if we can we an open dialogue , we both get a chance to get a little smarter , and that ’s always a good thing , " he said a chance to get a little smarter Cuban said he could a chance to get a little smarter divulge the details of his private a chance to get a little smarter with White House strategist and former Breitbart News executive Steve Bannon months ago . " The heart of the matter is , I ’ve known Steve since the late 90s , early 2000s , when he was Steve the entertainment business , so it was just a chance to catch up , " he said Steve " He ran Steve company called The Firm , which did a lot of work in Hollywood , so I had occasion to meet with him . Steve have a good relationship . But again , like us , We do We have to agree on everything , but we can We discuss it all . " Marlow asked if President Trump ’s success was inspirational as Cuban pursues his own President Trump ambitions or if it " terrifies you that Trump is President Trump president . " " I would say it inspires me because we ’re so different , " Cuban replied Cuban after laughing at the phrasing of the question . " I think the commonality is that we ’re both businesspeople , but we take we completely different approach to how we do we . If you ’ve read anything I ’ve said , I have n’t been a big fan of his approach the president I have been a fan of some of his economic the president . " " I ’m trying to be    and see what works and what does n’t work , " he said the president " A lot of my   —    I would n’t call them political A lot of my  —    , but more willingness to get out there and talk more about these things   —    is just from my desire to learn and my desire to do what ’s best for the country . " Cuban added that as an entrepreneur , he has the president a desire to try to help create as many jobs as possible . " " These days , more than ever , politics and entrepreneurship intersect , " he observed the president He thought the president was not quite right to say that he and the president are similar in background and personality but diametrically opposed politically because there are issues upon which they agree he and Trump " I believe in lower taxes . I believe in more efficient government . I believe in reducing bureaucracy . I believe that we should n’t have lobbyists who can go in or former government workers who can come back and lobby . So in a lot of respects , we ’re very much the same , " he said .   " I disagree with him on he , but I think he ’s he his trade he . You know , he ’s he off on NAFTA . He ’s he off on the border adjustment tax stuff , at least from initial appearances . He ’s he been as aggressive on trying to not work with other countries , " Cuban said of Trump . " I think there ’s a lot of things that we ’re on the same page about , but those are more conservative values , I think , than they are those Trump Trump Where I disagree with him vehemently he that he does he do a good job of communicating , and I do n’t think he has he leadership skills . I say that based off of a long history in investing in companies and working with a lot of different corporate leaders . That ’s where I really take issue with him , he he explained he Cuban strove to make a distinction between President Trump ’s ability to draw large crowds at his rallies he the kind of leadership skills to which he was he . " Going to a rally is part of an entertainment and part of a social gathering . More power to him , he ? Whether there ’s 15 or 50 , 000 , more power to him for he them in , more power for getting them excited . them is he good marketer . He gets he for that , " Cuban allowed .   " But once you get the job   —    this may not seem like a great analogy , but trying to get an investor , whether it ’s from this Tank or me or anybody investing in your company , that ’s an accomplishment . But once you get the investment , you have to run the company profitably your company he continued he " You have to be able to execute on the things that you ’ve said the company is going your company . "   " Donald Trump going out there and holding rallies . That ’s him bringing in the investors Donald Trump the voters . Now that he ’s been elected , Donald Trump ’s time for him to execute and be Donald Trump leader and try to take the entire country   —    not just the people who voted for him   —    to Donald Trump place that ’s best for the United States . That ’s the challenge for him right now , from Donald Trump perspective , " he said . Cuban observed Donald Trump Trump " did n’t campaign as a politician , but he ’s becoming a politician Trump " " " I think there ’s a variety of business leaders , from Bill Gates to Warren Buffett to   —    not Mark Zuckerberg , but Sheryl Sandberg , people that I respect as businesspeople . Howard Schultz , " he added , offering some Howard Schultz of the leadership style he believes Trump should emulate Howard Schultz   " Put aside their politics . They ’ve taken companies that their tens of thousands   —    even Rex Tillerson , right ? People have taken companies with tens of thousands of employees , and despite the varied political viewpoints of those employees , have put them working together towards a People goal that has led to significant accomplishments for the company and for the your company that company , " he said your company That ’s the position he ’s in right now , that he ’s got to achieve . That he where a lot of people had hoped he would be able to deliver with he acumen and business skills as a leader . I do n’t believe he has , " Cuban said of he . Marlow Trump Marlow Cuban would agree Cuban Tillerson was a " bold pick of the president the president put a CEO into the secretary of state position . " " I have no problem with it . I thought it was a good pick , simply because it has managed 75 , 000 people , " Cuban said . " Cuban had no problem with that pick at all . But now , look at whether Donald Trump President Donald Trump Trump , is letting Rex Tillerson do his job . We have n’t seen Rex Tillerson Rex Tillerson up and say , ‘ This Rex Tillerson vision for the State Department.’ We have n’t seen him stand up . Where he We stood up and Rex Tillerson has almost been a Rex Tillerson to what the president has said the president of policy . "   " And so you ’re starting to see that bifurcation , those challenges between the people that he ’s picked for these cabinet positions and the positions they Rex Tillerson taking when they ’re out there doing their jobs these cabinet positions the positions the these cabinet positions has taken when the president these cabinet positions to communicate with the president people . That ’s a problem . That ’s a leadership the people " he argued . Turning to some the president issues , Marlow brought up Marlow care , which he noted Cuban Marlow referred to as a " right . " He Cuban Cuban Marlow explore that logic by explaining Cuban people do n’t have an equivalent " right " to food and housing . " Let ’s take a step back , " Cuban began . " First of all Cuban we all have to eat , we all need a place to live , and we all get sick we all all play that genetic lottery . No one we all . You ’re going to get sick . Everybody you know is going to get sick . " " The decision we make as a country is , how much are we going to help people We all they get sick ? Because when someone gets sick We all they do n’t have the people to pay for their health care , we pay people it anyway , " he contended . " people pay for it . I pay for it . All someone pay for it , one way it the other . There it nobody who gets sick and it just let die . There ’s nobody that gets sick and there ’s no economic consequences . "   " So from my perspective , the question is n’t is it a right because it ’s in the Constitution , or why not food , the question not everything else the question The question is , what ’s the best economic course for the United States ? What ’s the best economic course for the United States ? " he asked . " The reality is , given we all have to pay for everybody ’s health care   —    whether it ’s directly or indirectly   —    I ’d rather see us just take on this health care   and say , ‘ Let ’s do it’ in the most    manner . " " And because health care us really us we all face the same genetic risk . We all face the same randomness of life risk , where you can be in an accident , et cetera , when you ’re able to spread the cost among everybody for   —    not all healthcare issues if you sprain your ankle , that ’s on you . If you break your finger , that ’s on you , right ? But if you get a chronic illness , if you get a serious you or    illness , that ’s something I think we should all share the cost in because we all face the same unknowns and the same risks , " he said .   " And when we have people that fall through the cracks , and illness do n’t pay for them , we end up paying more indirectly . When someone has we go to the hospital people that fall through the cracks they we n’t have insurance   —    and by the way , I think the insurance people that fall through the cracks should be out of the mix altogether   —    but when someone needs health care and they do n’t have the ability to pay for it , in our communities , we end the insurance companies paying for it one way or the other health care That means my property taxes our up . That means health care taxes go up in order to pay for a local hospital , local medical services , et cetera , " he said .   " I would rather just all of us recognize that these are shared someone and share in paying the costs   —    not for all healthcare issues , like I mentioned , but for chronic and serious injuries and healthcare problems . For everything else , just leave a free and open market . You ’re taking the greatest cost away from the insurance companies , " Cuban said .   " Now , Cuban insurance companies will hate the insurance companies ’re making twenty percent , " he added . " They the insurance companies percent VIG off of the insurance companies those the insurance companies . Their net income might only be about seven percent the insurance companies but when insurance companies are doing $ 180 billion or $ the insurance companies billion in revenue , that could fall to $ 30 billion . So they ’re going to hate this idea . "   " But the reality is , we all pay for each insurance companies health care , directly or indirectly , " he stressed . " As a businessperson , as an entrepreneur , I ’d rather just say , ‘ What ’s he best way to solve the problem of health care?’ rather than just putting it all into the government as , ‘ Okay , you come up with Obamacare or an alternative.’ I do n’t think that ’s the right way to do it . " Another issue Cuban has been involved with is student Cuban debt .   " We ’ve got a problem , and I ’ve been speaking about this for years , " he said . " I said the same thing to Obama when Secretary Clinton came out with her suggestion that all student loans should basically be dismissed and college should be free . I said that was a Secretary Clinton idea . I told her that was a bad idea . " " Right now , I think the cost of tuition has increased dramatically Secretary Clinton the past 20 years , simply because there ’s too much easy money to be borrowed for tuition , " he explained . " Now , I have no problem with Pell grants . I have no problem with basic loans simply because there’s too much easy money to be borrowed for tuition up to $ 5700 , I think it is . But what ’s happening now is , private lenders are lending to families thirty , forty , fifty thousand dollars per year in some cases . And because that money is so easy to borrow , it ’s really easy just for colleges to continue to increase their tuition . " " I ’m not suggesting that that money dismiss all loans that students have , even though that colleges what some people would like , " he emphasized . " But what I am suggesting is , if we ’re going to arrest the increases and inflation we dismiss all loans that students have, even though that’s what some people would like college tuition and living expenses , we ’re going to have to end the easy money . " " Whatever the number is , I ’d like to see a cap on the amount of money that a family could borrow in any given year and in total , " he suggested . " If you do that , the easy money stops for colleges . They have to become more we dismiss all loans that students have, even though that’s what some people would like . "   " Right now , particularly the easy money , they ’ll have more administrators colleges over $ 200 , 000 a year than they have teachers or professors making over $ 200 particularly big public universities 000 a year , " Cuban pointed out . " The economics Cuban particularly big public universities wrong in universities . They ’ll have a sociology building , a psychology building , a business building   —    none of which has unique features The economics are required for their teaching purposes , but they ’re there just because a donor paid for them . I think all that just creates tuition The economics , and that needs The economics change . " Cuban disagreed with Marlow that The economics Marlow university resources are devoted to liberal Cuban classes that have few applications in the working world . " I think right now the argument could be made that liberal arts majors are n’t going to make as much , and it ’s far more difficult to get a job , " he countered . Marlow But we ’re going to go through a the argument change in the nature of work over the next five to ten years . "   " What ’s happening with artificial intelligence and its derivatives and robotics , machine learning , deep learning , neural networks   —    if you work for software , or if you are in a position that you ’re doing the same job , or it ’s a repetitive job , over and over , or if you ’re in a    job   —    if this the same job then that   —    there ’s a good chance your job ’s going to be displaced over the next ten years , " he predicted .   " As we get more into a machine    learning environment , we ’re going to need more free your job who know how to use data than we ’ll need people who maybe were bookkeepers or accountants , even some lawyers . Those jobs , because they ’re    there ’s not going to be a need for those . We ’re literally going to have machines more capable Those jobs doing that . It used to be that we told machines what to do . Now we ’re asking machines what to do , " said Cuban . Marlow clarified that We was concerned Marlow students who incur enormous We earning degrees that offer them no real prospect of repaying the debt through gainful employment . He cited someone Marlow knows personally Marlow incurred $ 200 , 000 in student loan debt to earn a Women ’s and Gender Studies degree , realized it was of little use to her career ambitions Marlow and started over as a medical student , studying alongside his wife . Marlow Two questions there , " Cuban responded . " One , she went to Marlow wrong school . Cuban went to Marlow school that was too expensive . She did n’t Marlow to a school she could afford Marlow That was the first issue , and that was her choice . Marlow ’s obviously Marlow with the consequences . " " Two , it ’s all going to change . We do n’t know what the best jobs are going to be in ten years , for the reasons I mentioned earlier , " he continued . " Between robotics and deep    learning , not to get too technical , the nature of work is going to change . There ’s going to be significant displacement . I do n’t have a relationship with the administration , but the people I know that work in and around the White House that I have been able to talk to , that ’s the overriding theme that I ’ve been preaching to them . " " This goes back to an issue I have with President Trump : he does n’t have a curiosity to the administration . He does n’t a quest for knowledge , " Cuban charged . " Part President Trump that has led to his excitement over Cuban President Trump and what he calls ‘ bringing in jobs.’ The reality is   —    write this down   President Trump    look at the companies that President Trump is saying are opening up factories , and make a note for their total employment the day he makes an announcement   President Trump    whether it ’s Ford , GM , whoever it may be factories And then two years President Trump now , look at the total employments for those companies . I guarantee you , the total number of employees for those companies will be down because the factories that President Trump is so excited about will lead to fewer jobs , not more those companies "   " Technology marches on , President Trump mused . " That ’s not a bad thing . I ’d rather have that technology be hosted in the United States , President Trump we have some level of control over our the United States than those factores be created in China where they are being created , and they are changing the cost and the nature of work there already . The point being that unless you recognize the those factores and disruption that are coming those factores the very short term , it ’s going to be very difficult to say , ‘ Okay , this is the type of classes you should take . ’ "   " And so I ’ve said publicly , I do n’t have a problem with a women ’s studies major if they ’re smart , if they ’re inquisitive , if they ’re willing to continue to learn . I tell this to all my friends and their kids , et cetera , they my own kids   they    my oldest is 13   —    the greatest skill that you can have they a thirst for knowledge , loving and learning how to learn because things are going to be changing so dramatically over the next ten years in terms of technology that we do n’t know what the best jobs are going to be . So we ’re all going to have to continue to learn how to find new skills , the best jobs . " Now , your wife and her friend , we ’re in great shape . You talk about , going back a little bit to health care , if it was up to me , one of the your wife and her friend I would start is a program that paid to have more doctors because if we ’re going to push down the cost of health care , we should subsidize the cost of medical school   —    not to any amount that the school would charge us , but offer your wife $ 50 , 000 a year , and make it available not just to her , but so that instead of there being 90 , 000 med students in school in any given year , there are 180 the school 000 med students in your wife in any given year . We spend the $ 900 million or $ 1 billion a year , whatever it may be , knowing that that increased competition , because we have more doctors us is going to push down the cost of medical care , " said Cuban .   " Those are the types of things that us think , if we start to anticipate what ’s coming down the pike in the future , we can be smarter and have an impact on health care , on insurance costs , on medical costs . There ’s just so many things that we can do . Again , I ’ll go back to the president : these are n’t the types of conversations that are being held in the White House . They ’re looking backwards to the way things used to be and trying to recreate those , as opposed to looking forward to the White House should be , " he these . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 the president 