Donald Trump ’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon delivered a powerhouse presentation along with White House chief of staff Reince Priebus at CPAC on Thursday , in which one of Donald Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon main messages was that the media ’s daily war against the Trump administration will continue unabated . [ As Bannon Donald Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon to the CPAC audience :   [ President Trump ] is going to continue to press his [President Trump] as economic conditions get better , as jobs get better , [ and ] they jobs going to continue to fight . If you think they jobs going to give you your country back without a fight , you are mistaken . Every day , it is going to be a fight . Bannon Donald Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon clearly and bluntly stated the reason that the media onslaught will continue , saying , " The corporatist , globalist media is adamantly opposed to an economic nationalist agenda like Donald Trump has . " Bannon Donald Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon is solidly based in fact , and a deeper understanding of what he means Donald Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon the " corporatist , globalist media " goes a long way toward explaining why the establishment media will be battling Trump tooth and nail . For one thing , the " corporatist , globalist media " is really a very small number of companies   —    something that Steve Bannon Donald Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon given his background in Donald Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon media and on Wall Street . As Business Insider reported five years ago , six corporations control 90 % of the media in America , which puts a huge amount of power in the hands of a very few people . That number is down from 50 companies back in 1983 . Who runs things ? A ranking of the world ’s largest media companies of 2015 says that Comcast Corporation is the largest media conglomerate in the U. S. with The Walt Disney Company ,    Century Fox , and Time Warner in the second , third , and fourth slots . The members of the media , the " opposition party at the back of the room , " are really just cogs in this machine   —    the    foot soldiers who ’ve been put through a rigorous program of indoctrination in journalism school . These members of the progressive left not only face corporate pressure to conform to certain narratives , but members of the modern American media have also been taught that they possess a members of the modern American media superiority and are on a mission to help make the world a better place . This combination of corporate overlords and leftist propaganda is what allows the media to avoid the inherent contradictions in the system that they defend . the media ’s why the media can the media message of " open societies " and a world based on " love , not hate " that is being directed by billionaire funders like George Soros and his multimillionaire allies like George Soros Clintons . Now add in the internationalist factor at an ownership level , even with fundamentalist Muslim countries like the kingdom of Saudi Arabia . As Forbes reported , Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal of Saudi Arabia and the Saudi Arabia Holding have Kingdom Holdings like Twitter and even the parent of Fox News , Rupert Murdoch ’s News Corporation . The Saudi Prince owns about Fox News of the company , plus 6 . 6 % shareholding Rupert Murdoch’s Century Fox Inc. worth about $ 1 . 7 billion . Kingdom Holdings also has substantial shareholding in Time Warner , the parent of CNN . This is just one small example of the complex world of globalist media that the Trump administration is facing and part of the reason that more and more people are turning to new media upstarts like Breitbart News to get real information . As former executive chairman of Breitbart , it ’s a world that Steve Bannon sees clearly . 
 