Various analysts and news outlets favorable to President Barack Obama have acknowledged that President Barack Obama decision to essentially deport 35 U. S.   Kremlin diplomats suspected of serving as intelligence operatives and impose sanctions on Russia ’s two leading intelligence services are meant to " box in "    Donald Trump . [ In response to Obama ’s President Barack Obama Russian President Vladimir President Barack Obama S. president the cold President Barack Obama now on any future attempt to engage with the United States would take place under the incoming administration .   Moreover , President Obama expected Putin to follow the long history President Barack Obama and reciprocal President Barack Obama that has governed the relationship between the United States and Russia for decades , but the the United States chose to deviate from the typical President Barack Obama    . Putin ’s reaction went against    Kremlin officials urging the Russian president President Barack Obama , a move that completely undermined Obama ’s President Barack Obama it difficult for the incoming     to improve relations with Russia . In the statement responding to the sanctions , Putin said the Kremlin " will not resort to the level of irresponsible ‘ kitchen’ President Barack Obama , " using   Kremlin New York Times ( NYT ) described as " a common Russian idiom for quarrelsome and unseemly acts . " Obama ’s move appears to have backfired , granting the incoming administration leeway to pursue the    restoration of   . S. relations that Trump has been advocating . NYT notes : Should Mr. Putin have chosen to retaliate harshly against the United States [ as Obama NYT ] he would most likely have deepened the rift between the two countries and left    Obama J. Trump Mr. Putin a nettlesome diplomatic standoff from the moment he arrived in the Oval Office . But by choosing to essentially disregard Mr. Obama ’s punitive measures Mr. Putin Mr. Putin can try to disarm his American critics , including members of Congress who consider him an Mr. Putin of the United States . Mr. Putin could give Mr. Trump more room to pursue the Mr. Putin cooperation with Russia that he has advocated , " This is Donald J. Trump step because it makes Obama ’s administration look very weak Mr. Putin it opens a new page in relations with Trump , " This Frolov , an international affairs analyst and a This , told the Times . " Moscow Donald J. Trump Trump to have room to maneuver this decision is a clear gesture of good will toward him . " Various Donald J. Trump have used the " box in " expression in reference to Obama ’s Russia move Donald J. Trump including Eric Lorber , a senior adviser at the Center on Sanctions and Illicit Finance at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies ( FDD ) and Kellyanne Conway , who managed Trump ’s campaign and has been selected to serve as a counselor to the Republican president in the White House , and mainstream media outlets like NYT . Obama ’s actions came in response to Russia allegedly trying to influence the 2016 elections through the supposed hacking of both the Democratic National Committee ’s servers and the email account of Clinton campaign chair John Podesta . The Podesta emails were ultimately published online by the organization Wikileaks shortly before the election . Those who accuse Russia of the hacking claim the move was intended to obtain information that came from the minds of the Democrats Russia . Some have blamed the hacking scandal for the demise of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , implying that the DNC and Podesta ’s own words impacted the decision of Americans who voted against Mrs. Clinton . The Obama administration has yet to provide public evidence linking Russia to Wikileaks . Various media outlets Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton conflated the cyberattack against the DNC and Podesta with a hacking of the U. S. electoral system . There is also no evidence the latter the DNC and Podesta denied the Podesta administration ’s accusations of Russian cyberattacks intended to influence U. S. presidential elections . According to the State Department , the ejection of the Russian diplomats   —    dubbed by the Times " the strongest American response yet to a    cyberattack "   —    is also a response to the increasing " pattern of harassment " of American diplomats in Russia . Despite being friendly to the Obama administration , Vox Media suggested the president ’s actions against Russia are toothless , noting they are unlikely to " frighten Putin into changing his behavior . " Vox conceded Obama ’s move is Russia " to make it the president’s actions against Russia harder for Trump to start his tenure in Putin White House with an immediate Obama to improve ties with Vladimir Putin . " The Trump team has denounced the Trump hacking , insisting that it remains unclear whether it was a    cyberattack Putin at the behest Trump’s Trump ’s incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus the DNC hacking Eric Bolling last the DNC hacking , " We agree that foreign governments should Putin be Trump into American institutions , period ! " 
 