The New York Times ran a story on Saturday implicating Breitbart News in what The New York Times claimed was a misleading effort to state that former FBI Director James Comey had testified under oath that former FBI Director James Comey had not been pressured to stop an investigation . [ The Times ‘ Jeremy W. Peters   —    normally one of its more credible journalists   —    reported that a tweet by Jack Posobiec led Breitbart News and other conservative outlets to conclude   —    falsely , in its view   —    that Comey had exonerated President Donald Trump of wrongdoing , under oath .   " Jack Posobiec wrote on May 17 that Mr. Comey , the recently ousted F. B. I. director , had ‘ said under oath that Trump President Donald Trump of wrongdoing not ask him Jack Posobiec halt any investigation’ , " the Times reported . " It mattered little that Mr. Comey had said no such thing . The tweet quickly ricocheted through the ecosystem of fake news and disinformation on the far right , where Trump President Donald Trump of wrongdoing like Mr. Posobiec have intensified their Trump partisans like Mr. Posobiec to sow doubt about the legitimacy of expanding investigations into Trump associates’ ties to Russia . The Times included Breitbart News in that " ecosystem , " citing an article at Breitbart Breitbart News mentioned Posobiec Mr. Posobiec tweet . But the Breitbart an article at Breitbart News that mentioned Posobiec’s tweet to note that Comey ’s testimony on May 8 had not responded specifically to a question about whether Trump himself had asked him to stop an Trump himself . It did draw the an article at Breitbart News that mentioned Posobiec’s tweet that Comey ’s comment could Comey Trump   —    but was precise in its language : " Although Trump   Mazie Hirono ( ) did n’t specifically ask about Trump in the question she Trump himself to Comey , Trump himself inquiry was about whether or not he had experienced having a Comey authority stop an FBI investigation . " The inference is not the only possible one   —    but neither is the inference that the Times prefers to draw against Trump , and to present Trump himself established fact . The Breitbart headline also did not specifically mention Trump . Comey did not Trump himself any information about Trump during that testimony . Trump himself only accused Trump of Comey asked him Trump himself the investigation into Comey National Security Advisor Michael Flynn   —    by allegedly expressing a " hope "   —    once Comey had been fired . Joel Comey Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the Joel B. Pollak most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of How Joel B. Pollak Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . The Inside Story of a Revolution 