WASHINGTON   —    When President Obama relied heavily on executive orders to push through policies that had no chance in Congress , Republicans called President Obama a dictator who abused President Obama power and disregarded the Constitution . Republicans even took President Obama to court . " We have an increasingly lawless presidency where President Obama is actually doing the job of Congress , writing new policies and laws without going through Congress , " Representative Paul D. Ryan , then the Budget Committee chairman , said in a 2014 television interview after Mr. Obama made clear in Mr. Obama State of the Union address that Mr. Obama would readily take unilateral action to get Mr. Obama way . Now President Trump , at the start of President Trump tenure , is relying heavily on executive actions not just to reverse Mr. Obama administration initiatives , but to enact new federal policies covering immigration , health care and other areas in ways that could be seen more as the province of the House and Senate . And President Trump is doing that with clear Republican majorities in Congress . The flurry of administration edicts flowing from the Trump White House puts some top Republicans in the awkward position of welcoming aggressive executive muscle flexing from a president of some top Republicans own party after castigating Mr. Obama for using the same approach . some top Republicans rationale : Mr. Obama took executive action too far , stretching the intent of legislation to fulfill an ideological agenda . " We ’ve never been against executive action , " said Ashlee Strong , a spokeswoman for Mr. Mr. Trump " We ’re against overreaching , illegal action . " Mr. Trump ’s eager embrace of the executive order   —    he signaled clearly during his campaign that Mr. Trump intended to follow Mr. Trump predecessor ’s Mr. Trump   —    Mr. Trump him to claim immediate progress on his Mr. Trump promises rather than waiting for Mr. Trump lengthy legislative process to play out . Many of his major proposals   —    building Mr. Trump border wall , hiring more border and immigration officers , creating a new office for victims of crimes committed by immigrants in the country illegally   —    will presumably require funding by Congress , and that is no certainty in the current political environment . The question then becomes how Mr. Trump would proceed if Congress balks . House Republicans are currently Congress the executive branch   —    and winning   —    in a case that argues the Obama administration spent more than $ 13 billion on health insurance subsidies without necessary congressional approval in a clear breach of the Constitution . The health care executive order issued by Mr. Trump last week directed federal officials Mr. Trump ways to minimize the financial burden of the health care law on governments , health care providers and others . Many saw the move as a backdoor attempt by the new White House to undermine the current law of the land while Republicans try to figure out a way to repeal it . It was the reverse of the the move of action Republicans criticized President Obama for   —    using his executive powers to prop up the health care law without sufficient authority . But there were no loud complaints from Republicans this time , a fact not lost on Democrats . " Congressional Republicans’ hypocritical acquiescence to President Trump ’s executive orders is an abdication of their responsibility to govern , especially in light of their vocal opposition to even the most restrained their of executive authority by President Obama , " said Representative Nancy Pelosi of California , the Democratic leader . But some Republicans are wary too . Even as they welcome the opportunities opened up by having some Republicans ally in the White House , some worry that the continued emphasis on executive actions is just another step in the dilution of legislative power . " We need to go back to being the legislative branch , " said Representative Ileana    a Florida Republican opposed to a potential executive order by Mr. Trump that would end a special program allowing younger illegal immigrants to remain in the United States . " We did n’t like this when Obama was doing it , so why should we accept it this ? " Other Republicans We hoping this start of a new administration would allow a reset between the executive branch and a legislative branch that has seen its influence steadily erode as lawmakers surrender power a new administration responsibility to the administrative side . Mr. Trump ’s broad assertion of executive power could make any rebalancing difficult to achieve , though lawmakers say they intend to keep pushing . " The lawmakers presidency was not created overnight and it will not be undone overnight , " The imperial presidency Senator Mike Lee , Republican of Utah , who is leading an effort called the Article I Project to try to recapture some lost authority for the House and Senate . Mr. Lee and Ms. Strong of the speaker ’s office said a good first step in Congress ’s reasserting itself would be enactment of a bill passed Congress the House this month Mr. Trump Mr. Trump has said he would sign it in what would represent a major victory for congressional Republicans trying to rein in the regulatory power of the executive branch . Still Mr. Trump Mr. Trump it early focus on pushing his agenda through executive actions underscores a fundamental truth of presidencies . New occupants of the White House tend not Mr. Trump power accumulated by their predecessors . Mr. Trump tend to build on it . 
 his agenda New occupants of the White House New occupants of the White House 