On Saturday President Trump engaged in a series of phone calls with five world leaders to discuss diplomatic relations , including Germany ’s Angela Merkel , Russia ’s Vladimir Putin , and Japan ’s Shinzo Abe . [ The call with Russian president Vladimir Putin was closely watched on both sides of the Atlantic , as Presidents Trump and Russian president Vladimir Putin discussed such topics as stabilizing relations , restoring trade ties , the threat of radical Islamic terrorism , and situations in Ukraine and the Koreas , CNN reported .   The call with Russian president Vladimir Putin comes after both presidents recently expressed desires to strengthen relations after a series of sanctions were lowered on Russia during the Obama years . The Russian statement on Trump ’s call did not mention if Obama ’s sanctions were discussed . Trump’s also spoke to Japanese leader Shinzo Abe about the U. S. pulling out of the    Partnership , a    trade deal that Abe supported . The Trump’s told Abe that Abe was Abe interested in bilateral trade deals that were easier to manage and alter as the situation demands , the Washington Times said . The pair arranged a meeting in Washington for next month . In his conversation Abe German Chancellor Angela Merkel , the White House said Trump and Merkel agreed German Chancellor Angela Merkel the " fundamental importance " of NATO and made plans for an    visit in the near future , voanews . com noted . Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull described his conversation Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the U. S. leader as frank , constructive , and practical , Australia ’s ABC reported . " We discussed Australia’s ABC vital importance of the United States’ continued strong presence in our region , " Turnbull told Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull nation Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull " We agreed Australia’s ABC presence has been an absolutely essential foundation of the peace and stability that has enabled the remarkable growth and prosperity   —    the remarkable economic growth we have seen over the last 40 years , " the Australian Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull President Trump is also set to speak to French President Francois Hollande Hollande ISIS , climate change , and the situation in Ukraine , according to Agence   . But Hollande has made a series of critical statements about Trump since the early November call . For President Trump , at the end of January , Hollande insisted Europe must oppose Trump with a " firm " response , President Trump only days ago Hollande said Trump would be a " challenge Hollande for President Trump ’s leaders . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author Hollande igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 Europe 