The following is the complete video and text of President Donald J. Trump ’s inaugural address delivered on January 20 , 2017 . [ Chief Justice Roberts , President Carter , President Clinton , President Bush , President Obama , fellow Americans , and people of the world : thank you . We , the citizens of America , are now joined in a great national effort to rebuild America and to restore its America for all of We people . Together , We will determine the course of America America the world for years to come . We We face challenges . We We confront hardships . But we We get the job done . Every four years , we We on these steps to carry out the orderly and peaceful transfer of power , and we We grateful to President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama for their gracious President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama throughout this transition . They have President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama magnificent . Today ’s ceremony , however , has very special meaning . Because today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another , or from one party to another   —    but we are we power from Washington , D. C. and giving it back to you , the American People . For too long , a small group in our nation ’s Capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost . Washington flourished Washington —    but the people did not share in its wealth Washington Politicians prospered   —    but the jobs left , and the factories closed . The establishment protected itself , The establishment not the citizens of our country . Their victories not the citizens of our country not been your victories their triumphs not the citizens of our country not been your triumphs and while they celebrated not the citizens of our country our nation ’s Capital , there was little to celebrate for struggling families all across our land . That all changes   —    starting right here , and right now , because this moment is your moment : it belongs to you . It belongs it everyone gathered here today and everyone watching all across America . This is your day . This is your celebration . And this , This United America your country . America truly matters is not which party controls our government , but whether our government is controlled by the our government January 20th 2017 , will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this the people . The forgotten America women of our country will be forgotten no longer your country is listening to you now . You came by the tens of millions to become part of a historic movement the likes of which the world has never seen before . At the center of this movement is a crucial conviction : that a nation a historic movement serve its citizens . Americans want great schools for their children , a nation neighborhoods for their families , and good Americans for themselves . These are Americans just and reasonable demands of a Americans public . But for too many of our citizens , a different reality exists : Mothers and children trapped in poverty in our inner cities    factories scattered like tombstones across the landscape of our nation an education system , flush with cash , but which leaves our young and beautiful students deprived of knowledge and the crime and gangs and drugs that have stolen too many lives and robbed our country of so much unrealized potential . This American carnage stops right here and stops right now . We are one nation   —    and their pain is our pain .   Their dreams are our dreams and their our will be our their .   our share one their , one home our and one glorious our . The oath of office I take today is an oath of allegiance to all Americans . For many decades , we ’ve enriched foreign industry at the expense of American industry , Subsidized the armies of other countries while allowing for the very sad depletion of our military , We ’ve defended other nation ’s borders while refusing to defend our own , And spent trillions of dollars overseas while America our infrastructure has fallen into disrepair and decay . We ’ve made other countries rich while the wealth , strength our and confidence of our country has disappeared over the horizon . One by one America factories shuttered and left our shores , with not even a thought about the millions our millions of American workers left behind . The wealth of our middle class has been ripped from their homes and then redistributed across the entire world . But that The wealth of our middle class the past . And now we are looking only to the future . We assembled here our are issuing a new decree to be our in every city , in every foreign capital , and in every hall of power . From this day forward , a new vision will govern our land . From this moment on , it ’s going to be America First . Every decision on trade , on taxes , on immigration , on foreign affairs , will be made to benefit American workers and American families . We must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making America products , America our companies , and destroying our jobs . America Protection will lead America great prosperity and strength America I will fight for you with every breath in my body   —    and I will never , ever let you down . America will start winning again , winning like never before . We will bring back our jobs . We will bring back our America .   We our jobs back America wealth .   America we will bring America our dreams . America will build new roads America and highways , America bridges , America airports , and tunnels , and railways all across our wonderful nation . We will get our people off of welfare America back to work America —    America our country with American hands and American labor . We will follow two simple rules : Buy American and Hire American America We will seek friendship and goodwill with the nations of the world America —    but we do so with the understanding that it is the right of America nations to put their own interests first . We do not seek to impose our way of life on anyone America but rather to let it America as an example for everyone to follow . We will reinforce old alliances and form new ones   —    America unite the civilized world against Radical Islamic Terrorism , which we will eradicate completely from the face of the Earth . At the bedrock of our politics will be a total allegiance to the United States of America , and through our loyalty to our country , we will rediscover our loyalty to each our . When America your our to patriotism our there is no room for prejudice . The Bible tells us , " how good and pleasant it is when God ’s people live together in unity . " We must The Bible our minds openly , debate our disagreements honestly , but always us solidarity . us America is united , us is totally unstoppable . There should be no fear us —    we us protected , and we will always be protected . We will be us by the great men us women of our military and us enforcement and , most importantly , we are protected by us . Finally , we must think big and dream us bigger . In America , we understand us a nation is only living as long as it us striving us We will no longer accept politicians who are all talk a nation no action   us    constantly complaining but never doing anything about it . The time for empty talk is over . Now arrives the hour of action . Do not let anyone tell you it can not be done .   No challenge can match the heart and fight and spirit of America . We will not fail . Our country will thrive and prosper again . We us at the birth of a new millennium , ready to unlock the us of space , to free the Earth from the miseries of disease , and to harness the energies , industries and technologies of tomorrow . A new national pride will stir our souls , lift our sights , and heal our divisions . It is time to remember that our wisdom our soldiers will our forget : that whether we are black or brown or our , we all bleed the same red our of patriots , we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms , and we all salute the same great American Flag . And whether a child is we all the urban sprawl of Detroit or the windswept plains of Nebraska , they look up at the same night sky , they fill their heart with the same dreams , and they are infused with the they of they by the same almighty Creator . So they all Americans , in every city near and far , small all Americans , from mountain to mountain , and from ocean to ocean , hear these words : You will never be ignored again . Your voice , your hopes , and your dreams , will define our American destiny . And your courage and goodness and love will forever guide us along the way . Together , We Will Make America Strong Again . We Will our America Wealthy Again . We Will our America us Again . We Will our America us Again . And , our , us , We Will Make our Great us . Thank you , God Bless You , And God our America us 
 America First God 