There was something odd in the statement that the University of California , Berkeley issued on Wednesday night in response to the leftist riot that stopped a speech by Breitbart tech editor Milo Yiannopooulos and trashed the town ( emphasis added):[We condemn in the strongest possible terms the violence and unlawful behavior that was on display , and deeply regret that those tactics will now overshadow the efforts to engage in legitimate and lawful protest against the performer ’s presence and perspectives . UC Berkeley , as an institution , was not only opposed to Milo ’s views ( or what it imagined those views to be ) but also to Milo very presence on campus . Nothing could be further from the spirit of the Free Speech Movement .   Unfortunately , the statement was not merely an error after the fact . the statement echoed an earlier statement by UC Berkeley chancellor Nicholas Dirks the week before , in which he UC Berkeley chancellor Nicholas Dirks tried to balance the " right to free expression " against the university ’s " values of tolerance , inclusion and diversity " ( original emphasis ) . Note that free expression was not described as a " value " to which UC UC Berkeley , but a " right " that it must that free expression however grudgingly . The statement an earlier statement by UC Berkeley chancellor Nicholas Dirks to take a specific stance against Milo , misrepresenting his views : UC Berkeley chancellor Nicholas Dirks our view , Mr. Yiannopoulos is a troll and provocateur who uses odious behavior in part to " entertain , " but also to deflect any serious engagement with ideas . He has been Mr. Yiannopoulos and rightly condemned for engaging in hate speech directed at a wide range of groups and individuals , as well as for disparaging and ridiculing individual audience members , particularly members of the LGBTQ community . Mr. Yiannopoulos ’s Mr. Yiannopoulos can elicit strong reactions and his attacks can be extremely Mr. Yiannopoulos and disturbing . Although we urge anyone who is concerned about being targeted by Mr. Yiannopoulos to consider whether Mr. Yiannopoulos any value in attending this event , we stand ready to provide resources we support to our community members who may be we affected by his words and actions on the Mr. Yiannopoulos ( we will provide more detail about we resources in a subsequent message ) . The statement betrays Dirks ’s complete ignorance   —    or the ignorance of whoever wrote it for him . Anyone who The statement Milo is not interested in " serious engagement with ideas , " for example , has never watched a Milo lecture online , and has Milo seen him invite challenging questions from the Milo . Worse , Dirks signaled to UC Berkeley as Dirks whole that Milo was , indeed , dangerous Milo their     —    so much so that they might need " resources and their . " For those in the mob that besieged the lecture hall Wednesday night , that was more than adequate pretext to claim they were merely acting in   those in the mob that besieged the lecture hall Wednesday night Later in the statement , Dirks went on to defend freedom of speech , and Berkeley as the home of the Free Speech Movement , which inspired campus activism across the world in the 1960s . But he went on to describe   Dirks    proudly !   —    how the university had actually attempted to dissuade the Berkeley College Republicans ( BCR ) from inviting Milo to campus ( original emphasis ) : In addition , however , we have also clearly communicated to the BCR that we regard Yiannopoulos ’s act as we odds with the values of this campus . We have emphasized to them that we their autonomy and the values of this campus comes a the values of this campus responsibility for the consequences of their words , actions , events the values of this campus invitations   —    and those of their guest . We have made the values of this campus they are we of how Yiannopoulos the values of this campus conducted himself at prior events at other Yiannopoulos , and we have explained that his rhetoric we likely to be Yiannopoulos upsetting and perceived as threatening by some of their fellow students and members of the values of this campus campus community . Our student groups enjoy the right to invite whomever they wish to speak on campus Our student groups but we urge them to consider whether exercising that Our student groups in a manner that might unleash harmful attacks on fellow students and other members of the community is consistent with their our campus community with our community ’s Our student groups . The chilling effect of university administrators warning students that they ought not invite controversial speakers to students and that they bear the moral consequences of doing students negates the right to free expression Dirks claimed to be upholding . Later , he added that the university was " Dirks that anyone would use degrading stunts or verbal assaults on marginalized members of our society to promote a political platform , " presupposing what Milo would say and signaling to the community that they ought to fear " assault " in advance . Contrast that with how the university handled the visit of liberal the university HBO Real Time host Bill Maher , who was invited to speak by students at commencement , but whose visit was protested vigorously by Muslim students who were offended by his criticism of Islam . When the student group rescinded the invitation to Maher , UC Berkeley intervened to restore it   —    and issued a statement indicating that Chancellor Dirks " looks forward to welcoming Mr. Maher to the Berkeley campus . " The university made clear that " that this decision does not constitute an endorsement of any of Mr. Maher ’s prior statements , " but went on to declare complete neutrality with regard to Maher ’s beliefs : " indeed , the Mr. Maher position on Mr. Maher ’s opinions and perspectives is irrelevant . Mr. Maher defending Maher , UC Berkeley did not qualify the right to free speech by balancing it against any other " values . " In Milo ’s free speech , however , UC Berkeley not only made clear its opposition to what Milo UC Berkeley in the past , but UC Berkeley what he had Milo yet said in the future . The difference is Milo . For all of his offensive views on Islam and other matters , Maher remains a Milo of the left , a generous contributor to Democratic Party campaigns and causes . Milo , by contrast , is a libertarian conservative who backed President Milo Trump and is therefore denied the same institutional deference to his views and protection of his rights . The administrators who were Milo in defending Maher   Milo    even to the point of overruling students’ own Maher   —    lost their nerve when it came to defending Milo . It would be The administrators who were bold in defending Maher  —   even to the point of overruling students’ own decisions  —    accurate , in fact , to say that the UC Berkeley administration joined the protesters in advance , objecting not only to Milo ’s views but his physical presence . The administrators clearly would Milo preferred that the Milo be    and condemned the violence on Wednesday evening , but they created the false pretext of assault and injury that justified a The administrators response . Undoubtedly , the university will blame outsiders for the vandalism in the streets and for the flames on campus , for the bricks and bottles and pepper spray and fireworks . But on this occasion , that is an inexcusable copout . UC Berkeley made clear that it was on the side of those who wanted Milo shut down . It made clear that conservatives , of whatever ideological flavor , do it actually have the unfettered right of free expression on campus . Chancellor Dirks and the UC Berkeley administration deserve to be held accountable for the violence that UC Berkeley ’s rights   —    and the rights of those who wanted Milo him   —    as well as for the betrayal of the university ’s free speech legacy . Breitbart News sought comment from UC Berkeley Wednesday evening but received no response overnight . Joel B. Pollak UC Berkeley     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in Breitbart News in 2016 Joel B. Pollak His new book , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is Joel B. Pollak from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 