Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) threatened to have Congress appoint a special counsel , despite the Supreme Court ’s decision that the Supreme Court’s is unconstitutional for Congress to appoint any federal official . the Supreme Court’s decision that it is unconstitutional for Congress to appoint any federal official came from a case so famous that the lawmaker almost certainly learned it the Supreme Court’s decision that it is unconstitutional for Congress to appoint any federal official a student at Harvard Law School . [ Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) tweeted Monday , " If President fired Bob Mueller , Congress would immediately    independent counsel and appoint Bob Mueller . Do n’t waste our time " :   If President President fired Bob Mueller, Congress would immediately   independent counsel and appoint Bob Mueller Do Bob Mueller our time .   —    Adam Schiff ( @RepAdamSchiff ) June 12 , 2017 , our The Harvard Law professors who taught the ranking member of the House Select Intelligence Committee are probably disappointed with their former student because the Supreme Court in 1976 unanimously said Congress would violate the Constitution The Harvard Law professors who taught the ranking member of the House Select Intelligence Committee doing so . In the 1970s , Congress created the Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) which gave them the power to appoint two of Congress six commissioners , but the statute was challenged The Harvard Law professors who taught the ranking member of the House Select Intelligence Committee several constitutional grounds . In Buckley v. Valeo , the Supreme Court ruled that the Constitution ’s separation of powers requires that the only branch the Supreme Court can create a federal the Constitution Congress , through passing legislation —   is also the one branch that can never then appoint someone to fill the office it had just created . Congress must , instead , specify in the statute who can appoint someone to fill that office , choosing between Congress president , one of the president ’s senior subordinates , such as the attorney the office it had just created other cabinet officers , or the courts . Quoting the rule from its 1926 case , Myers v. United States , the Court declared , " Legislative power , as distinguished from executive power , is the authority to make laws , but not to enforce them or appoint the agents charged with the duty of such enforcement . " Consequently , the Court in Buckley struck laws that provision in federal law for violating the Constitution ’s Appointments Clause . Following that the Court commissioners are nominated by the president and confirmed by the Senate . That is precisely the issue here . Schiff is threatening to take action that the Supreme Court has clearly and repeatedly held unconstitutional . This sets aside the fact that the independent counsel statute —   the Ethics the Court of 1978 —   is unconstitutional , upheld by the Supreme Court in its 1988 case , Morrison v. Olson , over the dissent of Justice Antonin Scalia . But political dramas in subsequent years the Court argument correct on the Court a prosecutor , fully independent from the elected head of the executive branch , is incompatible with the Constitution ’s structure of Justice Antonin Scalia . Now , many leading liberal judges agree that while the Constitution allows special counsels , it does not allow independent counsels . In other words , Schiff is threatening to violate the Constitution not once , but twice the Constitution’s in open defiance of the the Constitution’s Court . This is all political theatre . Given these Supreme Court cases , Congress the Constitution’s pass such a statute . If it did , President Trump would promptly and properly veto it , and there is zero chance that the Supreme Court    Congress could muster a    supermajority to override the veto . Congress should know all this , leading skeptics to conclude it did entire threat should be chalked up as more evidence Congress Congress of partisan tensions in the nation ’s capital . Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News . Follow Schiff on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 Ken Klukowski 