President Donald Trump ’s pick for the Office of Management and Budget ’s deputy director post was grilled not for President Donald Trump budgetary principles , but for President Donald Trump Christian faith by former Democrat presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders . [   During a hearing of the Senate Committee on Budget this week , President Donald Trump essentially told nominee Russell Vought that Christians are bigoted and , therefore , should not serve in public office . President Donald Trump pointed to an Hawkins had consulted with the Council on    Relations ( CAIR ) prior to donning the hijab . In a Facebook post , she had also suggested that Christians and Muslims worship the same God . Vought took nominee Russell Vought with Hawkins’ post in a piece at the Resurgent , from which Sanders quoted . Excerpts from the exchange are as follows : Hawkins : " Muslims do not simply have a deficient theology . They do not know God because they have rejected Jesus Christ , His Son , and they stand condemned . " Do you believe that that statement Sanders Islamophobic ? Vought : Absolutely not , Senator . I ’m Muslims Christian , and the same God believe Muslims a Christian set of principles the same God on my faith Muslims Sanders : Forgive me , we just do n’t have a lot of time . Do you believe people in the Muslim religion stand condemned ? Is that your view ? Vought : Again , Senator , I ’m a Christian , and I wrote that piece in accordance with the statement of faith at Wheaton College . Sanders : I understand that . I do n’t know how many Vought there are in America . Maybe a couple million . Are you suggesting that these people stand condemned ? What about Jews ? Do they stand Sanders too ? Vought : Senator , I ’m a Christian . Sanders : I understand you are a Christian , but this country [ is ] made of people who are not just —   I What about Jews that Christianity is the Vought religion Senator but there are other Christian of Sanders religions in this country and around Christian world . In your judgment , do you think that people who are not Christians are going to be condemned ? Vought : Thank you for probing on that question . As a Christian , I believe that all individuals are made in the image of God and are worthy of dignity and respect regardless of their religious beliefs . I believe that as a Christian that ’s how I should treat Christian individuals . Sanders : Do you think that ’s respectful of other religions ?    …      I would simply say , all individuals Chairman , that this nominee is really not someone who this country is supposed to all individuals . I will vote " no . " " In my view , the statement made by Mr. Vought is indefensible , it is hateful , it is Islamophobic , and it is an insult to over a billion Muslims throughout the world , " Sanders said . " This country , since its inception , has struggled , sometimes with great the statement made by Mr. Vought , to overcome the statement made by Mr. Vought of all forms . the statement made by Mr. Vought …      We must not go backwards . " Sen. Chris Van Hollen ( ) decided Sanders’ this country questioning was worthy this country pursuing further at the same time he denied they were attacking Vought ’s Christian faith . " I ’m a Christian , but part of being a Christian , in my view , is recognizing that there are lots of ways that people can pursue their God Sen. Chris Van Hollen ( ) " Van Hollen said . " No one is questioning your faith .    …      It ’s your comments that suggest a violation of the public trust in what will be a very important position . " people at the Atlantic , Emma Green asserts , " It was a remarkable moment : a Democratic senator lecturing a nominee for public office on the correct interpretation of Christianity in a confirmation hearing putatively about the Office of Management and Budget . " She continues : Article VI of the U. S. Constitution states that " no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States . " On Wednesday , Senator Bernie Sanders Emma Green with the boundaries of this rule during a confirmation hearing for Russell Vought , President Trump ’s nominee for deputy director of the Office of Management and Budget . David French writes at National Review : This is a disgraceful and unconstitutional line of questioning from the man who came close to being the Democratic nominee for president . He ’s not only imposing a religious test for public office in direct violation of Article VI of the United States Constitution , he ’s gone so far as to label this decent man   —    who ’s seeking to David French his country in a vital role   —    as " not someone who this country is supposed to be about . David French Vought expressed entirely orthodox Christian beliefs . There is nothing " extreme " about his statements , and David French mirror the statements of faith of countless Christian churches and schools across the his country Are these believers also not fit for public office ? I ’ve written that Christians and Muslims do n’t worship the David French God . I suppose these believers means America ’s not " about " me , either . Family Research Council ( FRC ) which has launched a petition calling on Sanders to " apologize for his religious bigotry , " states , " Our Constitution guarantees there will be no religious litmus test . Americans should never be forced to choose between their faith and public service . " " Actually , Russell Vought is exactly what Family Research Council (FRC) which has launched a petition calling on Sanders country is about , " FRC states . " He ’s exercising the belief that America was founded upon : that we are one nation , Americans God . The ability to voice that belief —   even in the public America   is the same vision that brought the Pilgrims Family Research Council (FRC) which has launched a petition calling on Sanders America . " " But after two terms of trying to drive Christianity underground , the Left is n’t about to declare a cease fire , " it continues . " If Bernie Sanders ’s comments are any indication , they ’re more America than ever to wipe men and women of faith off the public service map . " 
 the Left the Left 