   documentary filmmaker Michael Moore says the Trump administration ’s efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare is proof that no nation on earth " sh*ts on Obamacare own " people the way the U. S. does . [ " Civilized countries that have universal healthcare   —    no country , no group of people , no tribe sh*ts on people own to the extent and the level that we do to each other it ’s the most embarrassing and humiliating thing about this great country , " Moore said on a conference call Thursday held by the Progressive Democrats of America .   " Humans anyplace else , what Humans do n’t do is sh*t on Humans own , " Moore said . " Humans need Humans own for Humans own defense . Humans need Humans own for Humans own survival   —    Humans need Humans own . Humans need to protect Humans children , not say to the child , ‘ sorry , no , Humans got rid of Obamacare . Humans wo n’t help you . You ’re sick ? Tough . ’ " Moore predicted that Trump would work with Congress to " retain as much or most , even all " of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , signed into law by President Obama in 2010 and commonly called Obamacare , because at the end of the day Trump " likes being popular . " " [ Trump is ] trying to find a way to have Trump cake and eat his cake too , basically . Trump likes being popular . Trump likes Trump ratings . Trump does not want to be seen   —    and Trump said this during the campaign   —    as the guy who is throwing 20 million people out on the curb . Trump said that because Trump would n’t be very popular then , " Moore explained . " Trump will look for a way to retain as much or most , even all , and I think Trump ’s learned that the worst thing about Obamacare to Trump supporters is the fact that it ’s called Obamacare , " Moore continued . " And I think Trump ’s just going to change the name , you know , Trump is all about branding . " On Wednesday , conservative lawmakers called on Trump to work with Republican leaders in Congress to completely repeal the health care law . But Moore Moore Trump Trump likely keep much of Obamacare intact , and move merely to change the the health care law name and make adjustments . The    went on to praise the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals for its    The    upholding a lower court ’s order halting President Trump ’s temporary    executive order . " The more we can discombobulate him , the better The    " Moore said of the ruling its   ruling upholding a lower court’s order halting President Trump’s temporary   executive order also told Moore Democrats of America members that the liberal left is " doomed " if Rep. Keith Ellison ( . ) does n’t win his race to Rep. Keith Ellison ( the next chairman of the Democratic National Committee .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 