The president opened by celebrating Black History Month . Lady Democrats wore white . [ Donald Trump delivered the most finely crafted speech of Donald Trump political life Tuesday night in what will go down as one of the best speeches delivered to a joint session of Congress in the past two decades .   Donald Trump hit stirring emotional high notes . And Donald Trump laid out Donald Trump vision for Donald Trump presidency . Donald Trump stole the issue of affordable health care from Democrats . He Donald Trump owned the fight against illegal immigration . " Obamacare is collapsing   —    and we must act decisively to protect all Americans , " he Donald Trump . " Action is not a choice   —    it is a necessity . " In other words , Democrats led by President Obama swindled poor Americans into this disastrous program with their poor Americans host of lies and false promises , and now these good people are stranded . But Mr. Trump and Republicans are not going to leave these poor Americans dig themselves out of poor Americans mess Democrats put them in . poor Americans So I am calling on all Democrats and Republicans in the Congress to work with us to save Americans from this imploding Obamacare disaster . " When the camera panned to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi   —    who , inexplicably , is still the Democratic leader in the House   —    she looked like House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi   had been House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi   on the bitterest of lemons . Strategically , it was brilliant . It completely cuts it out of the debate . And then the president ’s salute to Megan Crowley , who is alive today because of the herculean efforts by her father to Mr. Trump drug to combat Pompe disease , sealed the deal . Mr. Trump then laid out the broad brush parameters of a health care law he would like to Mr. Trump Republicans hammer out to replace Obamacare . On illegal immigration , Mr. Trump held firm Mr. Trump To any in Congress who do not believe we should enforce our laws , I would we you this question : What would you say to the American family that loses their jobs , their income or a loved their because America Mr. Trump its laws and defends its borders ? America Another question he America have asked those in Congress who do not believe in enforcing immigration laws : " If you do n’t like the immigration laws , why do n’t you change them ? You are the only branch those in Congress who do not believe in enforcing immigration laws government that can . " Mr. Trump also deplored the hellfire violence in Chicago and called education " the civil rights issue of our time . " The senator from Illinois and other Democrats offered only the most paltry , perfunctory applause . The entire speech was supremely presidential . But it was n’t without humor . After The entire speech both Democrats and Republicans for spending $ 6 trillion in the Middle East , he said , " We could have Mr. Trump our country   —    twice . " He waited two beats . " And Mr. Trump even three times if we had people who had the ability to    …      negotiate , " Mr. Trump said , dropping into his finest " Apprentice " tone of Mr. Trump . The camera panned to Sen. Elizabeth Warren , who was exchanging Ms. Warren . Apparently , Ms. Warren never achieved her merit badge for reading smoke signals Ms. Warren In the end , Donald Trump so dominated the entire night Mr. Trump Ms. Warren left with nothing but sullen protests . The ladies wore white , but nobody was exactly sure why . In a shocking development , Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg did not doze off during the hourlong address . At least not on national television . She did not show up . And in another development that absolutely nobody cared about , Rep. Eliot Engel , New Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg Democrat , announced he would not shake Mr. Trump ’s hand . It was not clear at press time if Mr. Trump even knows Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg Eliot Engel is . There were so many protests on the Democratic side of the aisle Mr. Trump’s was hard to keep track . Even the Democrats seemed confused about what they were protesting . Rep. Joseph Crowley , New York Democrat , wore a giant pin protesting , well , not sure Even the Democrats what . It simply featured a large question mark . In all honesty , that pin could be the party ’s entire platform in Rep. Joseph Crowley, New York Democrat next election . • Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 