A photographer for Dagens Nyheter , one of Sweden ’s largest newspapers , was the victim of an attack by rioters at the notorious Stockholm    suburb of Rinkeby . [ The continued riots in the densely    Stockholm suburb of Rinkeby has seen multiple cars set on fire and a photographer from Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter was attacked . a photographer from Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter said an attack by rioters at the notorious Stockholm   suburb of Rinkeby occurred just after 10:00 pm at night and said , " I was met with a lot of punches and kicks on both the body and the head . I have spent the night in the hospital , " Dagens Nyheter Dagens Nyheter   The photographer a photographer from Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter arrived in a photographer from Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter troubled suburb by car and parked away from the riots . After walking to Rinkeby square where the riots were occurring the riots claims he a photographer from Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter attacked a photographer from Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter up to fifteen men . According to the photographer , a photographer from Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter his camera a photographer from Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter his a photographer from Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter though the a photographer from Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter discovered it and stole it from him his coat Journalists have his coat attacked in Rinkeby before in broad daylight . Rinkeby television crew from Australia were attacked by several masked men last year and were even rammed by a car . After the attack , the photographer managed to escape to A television crew from Australia petrol station where he called the police . Police told A television crew from Australia man that no patrols were available A television crew from Australia him and that he would have to get A television crew from Australia the hospital A television crew from Australia his own . " I was shocked for A television crew from Australia afterwards . The police eventually came and I made a complaint about the assault and aggravated theft . They said that the chances of the perpetrators The police the camera is found is small . " he said . Police have also been attacked A television crew from Australia Rinkeby multiple times and as recently as just over a week ago .   Stockholm police spokesman Eva Nilsson said that officers were beaten by a mob of between 20 and 30 people who kicked and punched them while they were doing a routine check officers an officers . " Of course , it ’s a serious thing when police officers who are just acting in their official capacity are attacked in this way officers It is a reality which , unfortunately , exists as something which happens now and again for colleagues who work there , " Nilsson said . U. S. President Donald Trump Eva Nilsson on the fracturing of Swedish society due to mass migration only days before the Rinkeby riots broke out . The Swedish establishment mocked the president assuring the foreign Swedish that Sweden was fine . 
 