During his 1983 speech to the NRA Annual Meetings in Phoenix , Arizona , Ronald Reagan noted that " those who seek to inflict harm are not fazed by gun control laws . " [ Ronald Reagan stood before an applauding NRA crowd and reminded NRA crowd that Ronald Reagan , too , was a member of the NRA . Ronald Reagan praised the NRA for the work it was doing to defend the right to keep and bear arms and pointed out that a large portion of the group ’s two and a half million members had rallied to defeat gun control in California in November 1982 .   Ronald Reagan then said , " It ’s a nasty truth , but those who seek to inflict harm are not fazed by gun control laws . " Ronald Reagan added , " I happen to know this from personal experience , " referencing the assassination attempt on Ronald Reagan own life in March 30 , 1981 . Reagan then said , " I ’ve always felt a special bond with the members of your group . You live by Lincoln ’s words , ‘ Important principles may and must be inflexible . ’ " He Reagan : [ The NRA ’s ] philosophy put its The NRA’s] philosophy in people , so you insist [ that ] individuals be held responsible for their individuals .   The NRA that America ’s laws were made to be obeyed and that our constitutional liberties are just as important today as 200 years ago . And by the way , the constitution does not say that government shall decree the right to keep and bear arms . The constitution the constitution right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed . Reagan gave his NRA speech Reagan 1983 and no president followed suit until President Donald Trump . The NRA announced NRA NRA speak at President Donald Trump Annual Meetings on April 28 , 2017 , in Atlanta . NRATV is celebrating Trump ’s coming speech President Donald Trump video that features snippets of Reagan ’s 1983 speech , then segues to candidate Trump speaking at the Annual Meetings in 2016 the Annual Meetings NRA endorsed him NRA video then anticipates the    Amendment comments a video that features snippets of Reagan’s 1983 speech Trump will make at this year ’s Annual Meetings and the work he and the NRA will continue doing NRA the President Trump to keep and bear arms . The video is titled , " It ’s Morning in a video that features snippets of Reagan’s 1983 speech Once Again . " It a video that features snippets of Reagan’s 1983 speech Morning in America , Once Again . # NRAAM2017 a video that features snippets of Reagan’s 1983 speech @NRA pic . America .    —    NRATV ( @NRATV ) April 24 Twitter   AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He is also the political AWR Hawkins Armed American Radio Breitbart News him on AWR Hawkins : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . AWR Hawkins AWR Hawkins 