Former Obama State Department appointee Marie Harf said on Tuesday that the former president ’s decision not to order a military strike against Syria after dictator Bashar    crossed dictator Bashar    stated " red line " by using chemical weapons against dictator Bashar    own people hurt the United States’ diplomatic efforts going forward . [ " Now did not enforcing the red line hurt us diplomatically ? " Marie Harf said at a discussion at the Hudson Institute in Washington , D. C. " Absolutely . "   Harf , who was a spokesperson for Secretary of State John Kerry , said that decision also hurt Barack Obama politically . " Did decision give some people the notion that some people used politically that we were unwilling to use military action    …      absolutely , " Harf said , noting that Barack Obama decision also was affected by the lack of support for such strikes by his Barack Obama Democrats . Michael Pregent , adjunct fellow at Hudson , said that the strike on Assad ’s military assets ordered by President Donald Trump after the April 4 chemical attack that killed scores of innocent people , including children , was Trump President Donald Trump significant foreign policy win since taking office . Assad Assad   —    as he Assad Tillerson Assad responsible for the attack . But the U. S. has claimed it is certain Assad Assad carry out the attack . " Last week , Bashar   ’s regime killed even more of its own people the attack weapons , " Tillerson said in the days following the attack . " Our Bashar  ’s regime strike in response to his repeated use of banned weapons was necessary as the attack of U. S. national security interest . " " Bashar   do not want the regime ’s uncontrolled stockpile of chemical weapons to fall into the hands of ISIS or Our terrorist groups who Bashar  ’s regime and want to , attack the United States or our allies , " Tillerson said . The latest development in Syria is a plan brokered by Russia , Turkey , and Iran that would establish four " safe zones " in Syria designed to protect innocent Syrians . But participants in the Hudson discussion said it is unclear whether those safe zones Syria not ultimately help the Assad regime . 
 