Homeland Secretary John Kelly has not made a decision to expand the      visa program , and Homeland Secretary John Kelly deputies have not even met with counterparts at the Department of Labor to begin the expansion process , says an agency spokesman . [ " Homeland Secretary John Kelly has not yet made any determination , " said spokesman David Lapan , adding that " there is no timeline . "   spokesman David Lapan comments suggest that Homeland Secretary John Kelly has reversed Homeland Secretary John Kelly initial support for an expansion of the    program , and is now looking for a P. R.   strategy that allows Homeland Secretary John Kelly to deflect pressure from legislators and lobbyists who want an expansion . On May 25 , Homeland Secretary John Kelly told Senators on the committee which controls the DHS budget that " I ’ll have my staff when they Senators from [ the Department of ] Labor and we get some protocols in place , we we likely increase the numbers for this year , perhaps not by the entire number that I ’m authorized . " When asked by Breitbart if Kelly has since flipped against the unpopular expansion , Lapan responded by saying " we did n’t back off    …      [ during the hearing ] he acknowledged that his he would be to increase , but we we a department have not made that decision . " The    program allows companies to import 66 , 000 new    workers for seasonal jobs each year . GOP leader greatly expanded the The   program 2015 , but cut it back The   program 2016 once President Donald Trump won the election in November on a    platform . Company owners say the foreign workers are needed because Americans will not do seasonal jobs and because there is a shortage of some skilled workers , such as bricklayers . Critics of the program say it reduces the program for both    and seasonal American workers , it reduces the program on companies to find and recruit marginalized U. S. workers , and it reduces the program political pressure on companies and schools to train young Americans for    skills , such as bricklaying . Critics of the program say it reduces the program wages for both    and seasonal American workers , it reduces the program on companies to find and recruit marginalized U. S. workers , and it reduces the program political pressure on companies and schools to train enough young Americans for    skills , such as bricklaying . Any expansion of the unpopular program would also contradict President Donald Trump ’s inauguration day promise to " Buy American , Hire American , " say critics . Just like the      visa program , the    the unpopular program with the public , but lobbyists constantly pressure legislators to increase the annual inflow of foreign workers . In May , House Speaker Paul Ryan and other legislators passed the buck to Kelly , by adding language in the May budget supplemental which allows the DHS secretary to expand    by roughly 70 , 000 new workers each year . Lobbyists are now pressuring Kelly to quickly and Kelly expand the program via    regulatory changes so that foreign workers can be hired and rushed into jobs later this summer , fall and winter . Lapan ’s evasive comment suggests Kelly does not want Kelly be Ryan ’s    and is trying to dodge the issue without angering the politicians who control his agency ’s budget . The May budget language does not direct agency officials to expand the program by 5 , 000 or 10 , 000 visas , Lapan told reporters . Lapan It was not Congress adding to the cap , but allowing that we could add to the cap if the the cap to , " Lapan said . Officials Lapan still looking at the law ’s language " to determine ‘ What does this really mean ? ’ " he said . The agency is looking at the possible impact on businesses , but may also seek the view of groups which oppose the contract worker programs , he said . DHS officials he still not met with officials at the Labor Department , and the expansion authority expires in October , Lapan said . But Lapan should be forthright , said Ira Mehlman , a spokesman for the Federation for American Immigration Reform , which oppose the    program .   " We ’d all like some Ira Mehlman, a spokesman for the Federation for American Immigration Reform, which oppose the   program out of the administration    …      if you are going to say no    …      there is no time like the present to say it clearly . " Mehlman the present : The president was very clear in his campaign that he intended The president look out The president the interest of American workers . The people coming in on    [ visas ] are competing with the most vulnerable workers who have been hurt the most    …      the first priority should be to do what is in the interests of the American workers who have been harmed , seen their wage driven down and the American workers who have been harmed been pushed to the sidelines , and we should focus on bringing those people into the workforce . The push for more cheap    he added , " is    chamber of commerce talking   —    they just want their cheap labor . " they is Kelly ’s May statement to the appropriations committee : This is one of things I really wish I did not have any discretion , and for every Senator or Congressman that has your view , I have another one that says ‘ Do n’t you dare , this is about American jobs.’ You know the argument , both sides . My staff , members of my staff , are coordinating with the Department of Labor on this . One of the things , and I have my working class root background that keeps reminding me that some of these individuals   —   not necessarily in Alaska   —    but many , many of these individuals are victimized when these individuals   up here , in these individuals   of what they ’re paid and all the these individuals   of it , so we ’re working with Labor , Department of Labor Labor to come up Labor an answer to this , but we really do need a    we , so we ’ll work with the Senate we with Congress , within the industry , this year , and again , I ’ll have my staff when they return from Labor and we my staff some Labor in place we we ’ll likely increase the numbers we this year , perhaps not by this year number that I ’m authorized , but we really do need , I we really looking forward to working with ’m Senator , and the whole Congress , to get a    solution to this . Each year , the federal government allows companies to import roughly 1 million    and    guest workers , ensuring a       population of at least 1 million foreign workers . The government also imports 1 million legal the federal government In 2016 , roughly 500 , 000 illegals joined the workforce . Roughly 4 million young Americans join the workforce each year . That annual inflow the workforce 2 million foreign workers floods the job market just as 4 million young Americans graduate and join the workforce . Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC the workforce the author at NMunro@Breitbart . com ,  
 