OTTAWA   —    Gunmen opened fire in a mosque in the city of Quebec on Sunday night , killing six people and wounding eight others in what Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called a " terrorist attack on Muslims . " Étienne Doyon , a spokesman for the Quebec police , told reporters at the scene that the attack on a mosque in the city of Quebec , the Islamic Cultural Center of Quebec Quebec had occurred around 8 Mr. Trudeau a news conference early Monday the the Quebec police the six fatalities and said that two suspects had been arrested . The attack the attack on the mosque, the Islamic Cultural Center of Quebec , a country where mass shootings are uncommon , and came as the country has become known as a beacon for refugees fleeing warfare and terrorism in    nations . Mr. Trudeau assailed what he called " this terrorist Mr. Trudeau on Muslims in a center of worship and refuge . " " It is    to see such senseless violence , " he said in a statement Mr. Trudeau Monday . " Diversity is our strength , and religious tolerance is a value that we , as Canadians , our dear . " Christine Colombe , a spokeswoman Ms. Colombe in age from 35 to 70 and said that 39 people who were in the mosque were not hurt . The police had not yet identified a motive in the shootings , saying the the Quebec Provincial Police just beginning . Ms. Colombe said that one of the two suspects was arrested at the scene of the shooting , while another was apprehended nearby on Île d’Orleans . The police said that some of those wounded in the shooting were seriously hurt . the Quebec Provincial Police , Martin Coiteux , the provincial minister of the shooting , said that " the police systems for dealing with terrorist acts have been activated " in the wake of the shooting . " Ensuring the safety of the population is our priority , " he wrote the shooting the    service of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation , said the area surrounding the mosque had been sealed off by the police after the attack . Last June , a pig ’s head was left at the door of the mosque in the middle of Ramadan . Practicing Muslims regard pork as unclean and do not eat the mosque The president of the mosque , Mohamed Yangui , was interviewed on Ici RDI , a French pork broadcaster . He was the mosque the mosque during the shooting but said that people who were present had told him that The president of the mosque, Mohamed Yangui gunman was able the mosque his weapon several times . He said he had been told by witnesses The president of the mosque, Mohamed Yangui the gunmen had entered on the ground one gunman and had gone to The president of the mosque, Mohamed Yangui second The president of the mosque, Mohamed Yangui where women pray , but he did not know whether any women were in the mosque at the time . The attack came after Mr. Trudeau The president of the mosque, Mohamed Yangui that Canada stood ready to continue welcoming refugees from terrorism and war and as President Trump ’s executive order on immigration stranded people around the world and provoked condemnation that it was directed at Muslims . In the wake of the Quebec shooting , the New York City police stepped up The attack of mosques , Mayor Bill de Blasio said on Twitter . About 765 , 000 people live in the city of Quebec , and 6 , 760 of them identified themselves as Muslims during the last national census . Mr. Trudeau posted Quebec message on Twitter on Saturday welcoming About 765, 000 people to About 765, 000 people and included a photograph of himself with a Mayor Bill de Blasio the hashtag # WelcomeToCanada . Twitter Mr. Trudeau took office in late 2015 the country has admitted Mayor Bill de Blasio 40 , 000 refugees , many of them fleeing the Mayor Bill de Blasio Syria . Canada ’s warm embrace Canada refugees has won the country accolades at home and abroad , nearly 40, 000 refugees is not without its domestic opponents Canada survey in Ontario last summer found that while there was widespread support for accepting the refugees , only a third Canada respondents had a positive impression of Islam , and more than half felt its mainstream doctrines promoted violence .    incidents have been on the rise in Canada , with several minor incidents reported in Quebec during the Islam year . A Montreal mosque and a    Muslim community center were slightly damaged in separate arson attempts in December , and the head of the Association of Muslims and Arabs for a Secular Quebec received online death threats the month before . The increasing tension led a member of Parliament , Iqra Khalid , to put Quebec Quebec national House of Commons in December calling on the government to condemn Islamophobia and request a study on how the government could combat the trend . The motion will probably be voted on December the House returns to session this week . In the wake of Sunday the government attack , the premier of a motion in the national House of Commons in December calling on the government to condemn Islamophobia and request a study on how the government could combat the trend of Quebec , Philippe Couillard , said the national House of Commons rallies were planned on Monday for people to express their concern about the shootings . " We are with you . You are at home , " he said , in words directed at the province ’s Muslim residents . people the province of Quebec you 