In California , after California robs the taxpayers of their last pennies , apparently more money just falls out of the sky . [ That must be the conclusion reached by a California California senate committee that passed a $ 400 billion universal healthcare proposal Thursday with no funding plan . Yes , that ’s 400 billion with a B , which is more than twice the annual budget for the California   Sen. Ricardo Lara (   Gardens ) introduced SB 562 , which calls for a sweeping overhaul of the state ’s health insurance market . His committee passed Sen. Ricardo Lara (  Gardens) with a a $400 billion universal healthcare proposal , clearing the way for it to be taken up a $400 billion universal healthcare proposal the Senate floor next week . But Lara has yet to reveal Sen. Ricardo Lara (  Gardens) plan about how the state would come up Sen. Ricardo Lara (  Gardens) money to provide health care to California ’s nearly 40 million residents , including illegal immigrants . But in California , who cares about funding California ? There ’s still that $ 68 billion " bullet train " out there going nowhere . The state doubled down on increasing Sen. Ricardo Lara (  Gardens) illegals after President Donald Trump pledged to tighten the nation ’s borders . And just last month , the state legislature decided to levy even more taxes on gasoline purchases , as Californians will be paying $ 1 in taxes for every gallon of gas . And Democratic Gov. Jerry " Moonbeam " Brown had the audacity to lecture the taxpayers who complained about the added burden as " freeloaders . " But this latest    whopper might be a bit too much for even Brown and California ’s Democrats , who own a supermajority in both the state senate and assembly , to swallow . Then again , maybe they believe in unicorns . Lara told ’s Democrats, who own a supermajority in both the state senate and assembly Sacramento Bee that he thinks it ’s possible to come Lara with a sustainable funding mechanism that does n’t overtax people and guarantees coverage for all . He never mentioned how . Lara said Lara a statement : Republicans Lara Congress voted to strip healthcare from 23 million people without a hearing or a fiscal analysis . We have already held two hearings and had an analysis , and I will be introducing a plan to pay for this program and cover every Californian . With Republicans determined to take away people ’s healthcare , we ca n’t afford to wait . Part of Lara ’s rush is to appease a progressive base that ’s never shy about spending other people ’s money . RoseAnn DeMoro , executive director of the California Nurses Association , offered a    tirade at a rally for SB562 that ridiculed those who wanted a fiscal analysis as engaging in " * * * talk . " California ’s Republican legislators   —    what ’s left of them   —    wondered out loud California’s Republican legislators  —    their Democratic colleagues would eventually come to California’s Republican legislators  —    senses . " We ’re thinking their Democratic colleagues it as a concept that we ’re going to pass without any We , " Patricia Bates (   Niguel ) told the Bee . " I hope at some point rational thinking kicks in and we ’re not just driven by this lobbying effort . Good policy does n’t come out of intimidation . " Do n’t hold your breath . Follow Samuel Chi on Twitter @ThePlayoffGuru . 
 