Robert Iger , CEO of the Walt Disney Company , said Wednesday that ABC News has been " extremely fair " in ABC News coverage of the 2016 election and the Trump administration and that complaints of    political bias on ESPN are " completely exaggerated . " [ Disney , which owns both ABC News and ESPN ESPN held its ABC News shareholder meeting on Wednesday , where Iger responded to a question about the leftwing political bias at the networks by Justin Danhof of the National Center for Public Policy Research .    Iger Iger that ABC ABC News been entirely on the level in its coverage ABC News the 2016 campaign and President Trump . He said Iger ABC News ABC News to me , directly Iger indirectly , for almost 25 years . I ’m an expert on ABC News , ABC News can stand here today , look you in the face , and say I ’m proud of the ’m of ABC News . I ABC News News , and I ABC News work very , very hard ABC News present news in an extremely fair way . There are always going to be people   —    yourself included and perhaps the president   —    who are going to believe that it is not being presented in a manner that ’s consistent with their own beliefs . There ’s an indictment made about the press simply because some of the press do not necessarily tow the press with positions being taken by others . Danhof , whose organization buys stocks in firms so it can attend shareholder meetings and ask whose organization questions , pointed out that Iger sidestepped the toughest parts of his query on Wednesday . The CEO Iger ignored the part of his question that dealt with George Stephanopoulos The CEO the former Clinton White House aide and now ABC News personality . Stephanopoulos was found in the Wikileaks hacks George Stephanopoulos the Democratic National Committee to have colluded with the Clinton campaign on story ideas , editing Clinton and lines of attack on Peter Schweizer , who wrote the book Clinton Cash a New York Times bestseller Clinton detailed conflicts of interest and other misdealings by Bill and Hillary Clinton . Danhof said of Iger Clinton he lined up his response was telling . Danhof would n’t Danhof the question . He Danhof sticking his head in the sand Danhof His response Danhof that I was making this his response But this has reached a nexus . Will his network this to ignore or mock the Danhof of Americans in flyover country , or will we work to make his networks more inviting to his network points of Danhof ? Right now , he ’s saying he does n’t want us Danhof customers . Danhof was even more determined his network it came to ESPN , the sports giant that Iger announced in recent days it plans another round of layoffs because of massive Iger losses that some attribute to its sharp leftward ideological turn . In his questioning Iger Danhof mentioned an exchange between two Iger personalities for the network about how , if they said , " Coming up , why Donald two   personalities for the network is awesome , " they would " not last until the first commercial two   personalities for the network " Iger insisted the network exhibited no bias . " The charge the network is exhibiting significant political bias in its programming is just completely exaggerated , " Iger said ESPN " One small communication and blowing it Iger into something that sounds a lot larger than it is . Watch ESPN and you ’re not going it see political bias ESPN ESPN . " Critics say there is , in fact ESPN a lot of bias at ESPN . They point to Caitlyn Jenner winning the Arthur ESPN Courage Critics , the network ’s endorsement of Black Lives Matter at the ESPY Awards ,   ’s aggressive coverage of the Women ’s March on Washington in January , and the firing of Doug Adler   —    a tennis commentator   —    after he referred to the " guerrilla effect " of Venus Williams moving closer to the net on second serves at the Australian Open . There is also daily bias from commentators such as Michael Wilbon and Tony Kellerman . And then there is Kevin Blackstone , an    sportswriter who appears on ESPN talk programs and once referred to the Star Spangled Banner as a " war anthem . " Curt Schilling , the former big league pitcher who was fired in April 2016 after he tweeted out support for the North Carolina law that required people to use the bathroom of their anatomical sex , scoffed at the notion ESPN is people . " We recognize Abby Wambach and ESPN stance on the gay lifestyle in the sports world Abby Wambach but not Milo Yiannopoulos and his gay perspective as a victim of molestation , " Milo Yiannopoulos said in an email to Breitbart News . " We recognize that every issue Stephen A. Smith has in sports is based on black and white , not talent . But we do n’t recognize Ben Carson , a conservative man from the worst of the worst backgrounds who never allowed color to taint his world perspective . " 
 