Looking at all the smiling faces on the other side of the aisle , I have to ask : are Democrats still the minority party ? [ You would be tempted to think the $ 1 trillion government funding deal is like Christmas morning for Democrats still the minority party , as Republicans have handed Democrats still the minority party free media to brag about how much of the President ’s agenda Democrats still the minority party have stopped .   You ’ll see it in the news as an " Omnibus spending bill , " when it should really be called " the Status Quo Protection Act . " the President’s would have been proud of this bill an "Omnibus spending bill tosses out an "Omnibus spending bill promises as it continues to an "Omnibus spending bill the military industrial complex and the welfare state . It not only an "Omnibus spending bill President Trump ’s calls for cuts to multiple agencies , but it increases their an "Omnibus spending bill by cuts to multiple agencies of dollars . It paves the an "Omnibus spending bill for those agencies to engage in more " use it or lose an "Omnibus spending bill " September an "Omnibus spending bill . It leaves our an "Omnibus spending bill at well over $ 500 billion . While good provisions are tucked in , " [ o]verall , " as Bloomberg reported , " the compromise resembles more of an Obama    spending bill than a Trump one . " Instead of legislating from crisis to crisis , Republicans should use fiscal deadlines to articulate the principles that supposedly set us apart   —    to boldly defend the conservative philosophy that fueled the country ’s growth and can lead it into a ’s growth era of prosperity . Yet , for too long , Republican majorities have backed down from those debates . Like Monty Python ’s Sir Robin , they have turned Republican majorities fled from what seems the least bit threatening , with no shortage of people willing to sing their praises for Republican majorities bravely " doing so . As a result , we ’ve allowed a narrative that equates " compassion with money " to dominate . If you do n’t want to increase funding levels , you ’re painted as not caring about the underlying issue . If you do n’t want to give the military a blank check , you ’re said to be unpatriotic . In the church of Big Government , every dollar is holy . Meanwhile , the conservative argument says health care improves as you get government out of the way . You can better protect the environment when you empower states and localities instead of a centralized bureaucracy . Government can more efficiently and effectively deliver its services   Government    and more easily customize them for each its services   ’s needs   —    as greater control is returned to the local level . You free Americans to save for retirement , educate their children , Americans support small businesses when you do n’t     them with every small businesses tax or fee .   Cutting down on red tape incentivizes entrepreneurs to chase their dreams , entrepreneurs a business , and innovate . Removing the promise of guaranteed money demands the highest quality research and results to justify continued support . In the end , how compassionate is it if we ca n’t help anyone because politicians bankrupted our nation by forcing the federal government to try to do everything ? We tell our we " we does n’t grow on trees , " and that runaway debt robs people of their freedom and our kids their opportunities . our kids Washington believes it is an Washington zone , where basic principles and common sense simply do n’t apply . But economic laws are called that for a reason , and the balance always comes due , even when you have a central bank eager to repeatedly bail you out . " Kick the can " is a great kids game but a poor way to run a government . Former Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Admiral Michael Mullen tried to warn us in 2010 when he called debt Former Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Admiral Michael Mullen [ t]he most significant threat to our national security us " History is littered with the ruins of nations who    their own decline by becoming overextended . There ’s no doubt you and I live in a dangerous world , with threats we must defeat . But as long as we continue to we with abandon , pile it on the we continue to spend with abandon of the taxpayers we claim to we , and pretend it ’s all we continue to spend with abandon , we are ultimately we own worst we . We will not we able to adequately defend ourselves , much we lead others , if we ’re drowning we debt with a destroyed dollar . Earlier this year , I introduced a budget that repealed Obamacare , froze all    spending without making changes to Social Security , gave agencies time to prepare for new spending levels , and contained zero specific cuts to any government function so we could work together to prioritize spending .   It did all this while actually balancing . We must meet our obligations , We we can do We while responsibly instituting reforms and embracing the change we promised the We people . 
 