During the    Leadership Forum , speakers ranging from President Donald Trump to Sheriff David Clarke and NRA senior VP Wayne LaPierre put smackdown after smackdown on gun controllers and speakers ranging from President Donald Trump to Sheriff David Clarke and NRA surrogates in the media . [ senior VP Wayne LaPierre made clear there would be no apologies for the smackdowns . Rather , senior VP Wayne LaPierre pointed out that one of the things the American people love about NRA is the fact that the group speaks truth .   LaPierre senior VP Wayne LaPierre : For the last quarter of a century , in poll after poll , whether it ’s Gallup or NBC or The Wall Street Journal , Americans have said they Americans the NRA favorably than both chambers of congress or either national political party   …     . The majority of Americans admire and trust the NRA NRA always say out loud what we believe . we speak the we , even when it may be the truth , and we fight like we to defend it . In the truth of the NRA ’s NRA , Breitbart News pulled together eight    Amendment smackdowns , along with a bonus smackdown at the end . Most of the smackdowns require no commentary eight   Amendment smackdowns Allen West   —    West said , " Here I Colonel Allen West  —    as a son of Atlanta , a native Georgian , and a board member of the oldest civil rights organization that this country has ever known : the National Rifle Association . "   Sheriff David Clarke —   Clarke said : " We won a huge battle last November but we did not win the war We You see , our fight for freedom continues in We . You see , these rat bastards on the left never give up   …     for them defeat is never final , these rat bastards on the left defeats do n’t matter . It ’s simply a time to regroup and continue their assault on our constitution , these rat bastards on the left rule of law , liberty , and American exceptionalism . " Chris Cox   —    Cox recounted a conversation he had with President Trump after Chris Cox  —   Cox inauguration , saying , " [ It got so ] ridiculous that the media , they were even lying about the the media of people who watched [ [ President Trump ’s ] inauguration . President Trump him that the only number that mattered President Trump the number of people that watched Hillary Clinton ’s inauguration —   ZERO ! " Senator Ted Cruz   —    Cruz said , " When the election Senator Ted Cruz  —    came in we heard a piercing wail of agony , as mainstream media reporters shrieked in horror because the American people had risen up and defied Washington , defied the mainstream media , defied pundits , and said , ‘ We will defend our constitution and we we defend our we . ’ we Wayne LaPierre we —    After listing the mainstream media ’s failure to report the truth regarding the devious goals of Democrats and gun control groups around the country , LaPierre asked , " When did the Wayne LaPierre stop being journalists and start the mainstream media flacks for the destruction our country ? " President Donald Trump   —    After recounting the way he ran and won on the Second Amendment President Donald Trump  —    the NRA ’s endorsement , President Trump laughingly told the thousands of attendees President Donald Trump  —    Leadership Forum to be ready to be wooed by Democrats , " I have a feeling that in the next election you ’ll be swamped with candidates , but you ’re not going to be wasting your time . You ’ll have plenty of those Democrats coming over and you ’ll say , ‘ No Thanks’ or ‘ No Sir’ —   ‘ No Ma’am’ perhaps ‘ Ma’am’ —   it may be Pocahontas , remember that . " Amid applause Trump said , " You came through for me and I am going to come through for Trump . " Chris Cox —   Cox stressed that while Trump ’s election changed everything for    gun owners Trump changed nothing for the media and Hollywood , And he made clear it did n’t change gun controllers’ determination Trump , saying it " Michael Bloomberg , he ’s still short , rich , and angry . Trump Colonel Allen West   —    " The oldest civil right , the oldest individual right , the thing that enables us to be this great independent country , is that we will not become subjects , we will not let us take away our guns we us not allow anyone to subjugate us us a us rule . " BONUS SMACKDOWN   us    LaPierre said , " Bernie Sanders was not ‘ a movement,’ as fawning media called his campaign . Bernie is a political predator of young Bernie Sanders who were Bernie Sanders to by school teachers and college professors " —   LaPierre said young voters were told " free , free LaPierre free , for me , " but " no one told the truth about how all that stuff was going to be paid for . " Nevertheless , LaPierre made clear that the media was in on the LaPierre because socialism would have aided in the goal of disarming and enslaving the American people . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He is also the political analyst Breitbart News American Radio AWR Hawkins Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at AWR Hawkins . com . 
 AWR Hawkins 