Ford will build a plant in Michigan instead of Mexico as a " vote of confidence " in    Donald J. Trump ’s incoming administration , Ford CEO Mark Fields announced on Tuesday . [ The announcement means Ford will cancel Ford plans to build a new plant in Mexico and will instead invest $ 700 million in Michigan —   creating 700 new jobs here in the United States —   CNN reports .   " CNN did n’t cut a deal with   Donald J. Trump . CNN did it for CNN business , " Fields told CNN , noting that Ford had conversations on Tuesday with Trump Trump and Pence Trump and Pence will officially be sworn in on Jan. 20 . Fields said his Ford to create jobs in America rather than in Mexico is a " vote of confidence " in Trump ’s incoming   Donald J. Trump and the    environment Trump and Pence create . The investment , CNN reports , will be at the plant in Flat Rock , Michigan , and will aim " to produce more electric and    cars " since " Ford believes electric vehicles will outsell    vehicles within the next 15 years . " Trump ’s success   Donald J. Trump keeping Ford jobs here is winning praise even from labor Ford . " I am thrilled that we have been able to secure additional    jobs for American workers , " Jimmy Settles , the UAW ’s vice president , said . CNN notes that Ford ’s decision to keep the jobs here in Ford U. S. rather than shipping them overseas to Mexico —   as it announced early in 2016 —   is a " major   " for the auto manufacturer . " The news is a major    for Ford , " CNN wrote . " Last year Ford the company CNN it would invest $ 1 . Ford in Mexico Ford transfer the production of the Ford Focus from Mexico to Mexico to save costs . Ford the Focus will be Mexico at an existing plant in the Ford Focus from Michigan Mexico , and Ford will expand its plant in Flat Mexico . " Ford News was Ford first news organization to ask Trump about Ford ’s plans to ship jobs to Mexico . In Ford interview back in February 2016 , Mexico News asked Trump about this decision from Ford —   Breitbart News similar plans Trump Carrier Corporation Ford which had planned to expand in Mexico and shut down U. S. facilities in Indianapolis — Mexico and Trump laid out his exact plans to keep the jobs here in Trump United States Trump of seeing them drained to Mexico . " There ’s only one way you ’re Mexico to reverse it , and that ’s that you ’re going to have to make it more expensive to do business that way , " Trump told it News back then about the news from Ford and Trump that they planned to go overseas : First of all , you ’re Ford and Carrier to have to look to lower taxes [ for those who do business inside the United States ] —   and we may very well have to charge taxes at the border , when somebody drives a car through the border to sell it in the United States . But look the border ’ve closed our a car the United States lost our jobs . They ’re we going to we cars in we and sell we in the United our jobs , okay ? We can lower our taxes , and our jobs the United States to have to charge a surtax at the border We Otherwise we ’re We to lose a fortune . And that will help Ford the border people make a decision to buy in the United States , to build in the United States . Even though he ’s not the United States , Trump has already succeeded on the United States Carrier and Ford . He ’s also succeeded in getting 8 , 000 other jobs in the U. S. with Sprint and OneWeb , Ford announced Trump week . Trump , of course , shocked the political class by winning the state of Michigan against Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton on Nov. Trump on his pathway to 306 electoral votes . 
 Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton 