JERUSALEM   —    Speaking from JERUSALEM in a JERUSALEM  —    exclusive interview , Congressman Ron DeSantis ( ) strongly rejected Palestinian threats regarding the possibility of the U. S. moving its Palestinian from Tel Aviv to JERUSALEM . [ DeSantis , chairman of the subcommittee for National Security for the House Oversight Committee , was in Israel on Saturday and Sunday with a small delegation as part of a    tour to study the possibility of relocating the U. S. Embassy to JERUSALEM .   In response to his visit , Ziad Khalil Abu Zayyad , a spokesman for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas ’s Fatah Party warned , the " US Congress should understand that moving the US embassy to JERUSALEM will explode the situation in the Mena region ( Middle East and North Africa . " " This same team should consult with its the "US Congress and political consultants in the ( U. S. ) State Department that stated several times in the past that ( such ) actions put American interests and presence in the region in danger , " Zayyad said . Numerous PA officials in recent weeks made similar statements about the possibility of violence in response to any embassy relocation to Jerusalem . Responding to those threats , DeSantis told this reporter : They DeSantis that about if we were to do anything . There is always going to be a pretext for them DeSantis use to go on their DeSantis of violence . As you ’ve mentioned , they DeSantis peace time and time again . So , I think for us we do policy based on what a Palestinian Arab is saying they DeSantis going to do in response given their DeSantis is unacceptable . The second thing is , I think it would actually be very good for Donald Trump to follow through with his Donald Trump . Because I think it it show that this is a guy who means business . That he Donald Trump exercising leadership . That he Donald Trump not afraid to take bold action even in the face of these threats . And ultimately in the Arab world they these threats a different psychology than in the Western World . They these threats strength . And they these threats a strong horse . So , if you cower in the face of these these threats will end up losing respect not only from Palestinian Arabs , but also from some of the Arab states in the Gulf . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New Aaron Klein Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow Aaron Klein Follow him on Facebook . Aaron Klein 