WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Hours after James T. Hodgkinson , 66 , targeted Republican Members of Congress practicing for a charity baseball game , in a shooting that left Rep. Steve Scalise ( ) and three members of the Capitol Hill Police severely wounded , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi took the House floor . [ " I pray for Donald Trump , that Donald Trump presidency will be successful and that Donald Trump family will be safe , " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said of Donald Trump .   " I have been probably the target of more , political target of probably more threats than anyone perhaps other than the President of the United States Barack Obama . And so I pray for Barack Obama Barack Obama now I continue to pray for him , " Barack Obama said . " And I pray for Donald Trump Donald Trump his presidency will be Barack Obama and that his family will be Barack Obama , " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said . Less than one month into Trump ’s presidency Donald Trump said that said while House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has not seen a completed case for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi impeachment , a " very scientific , methodical way " was being created to help the Democrats achieve this aim . On Monday , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi predicted that Trump would " . Donald Trump But now , just a few days later , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is throwing House Speaker Nancy Pelosi support behind the president in the wake of this tragedy in Alexandria . Earlier in House Speaker Nancy Pelosi speech on the House floor on Wednesday , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said that " we speak for each other in saying , we send our thoughts and we to we colleague , Steve Scalise we " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi continued : Personally we have our    connection we as we as I heard his name , I was    with concern , as I would be for anyone here . But we had that special connection we and our   connection and prayers   we    and as I said to the Speaker [ Paul Ryan ] I ’ll be asking you every five minutes , ‘ How is Steve coming along?’ Pelosi added that she prays " frequently , and certainly Pelosi Sunday . " She added : When this team was Pelosi the field practicing with such brotherhood   —    I do n’t know if you have any sisters on your team we have two on our team   —    for this we to take this action was so cowardly , so cowardly . We can not let that be a we for the assailant or anyone who would think that way . We will use this occasion as one we brings us together and not separates us further we Before taking the House we Wednesday afternoon , Pelosi tweeted : On days like today , there are no Democrats or Republicans , only Americans united in our thoughts for the wounded . https :   .    —    Nancy Pelosi ( @NancyPelosi ) June 14 , 2017 ,   However , for Hodgkinson   —    a staunch Bernie Sanders ( ) supporter who hated President Donald Trump   —    Republicans were his target . Rep. Ron DeSantis ( Hodgkinson  —   a staunch Bernie Sanders ( ) supporter who hated President Donald Trump  —    was also present at Wednesday ’s baseball practice . He said Hodgkinson had approached him and Rep. Ron DeSantis Jeff Hodgkinson ( ) Rep. Ron DeSantis ask which political party was practicing . " There was a guy that walked up to us that was asking whether there was Republicans or Democrats out there . And it was just a little odd   …      so we told the police that , " us said . In addition to his Rep. Ron DeSantis with a number of    Rep. Ron DeSantis , Hodgkinson belonged to one named " Terminate The Republican Party . " Hodgkinson has since died , President Trump Hodgkinson in his remarks , as a result of President Trump exchange between him and the Capitol Hill Police . President Trump Capitol Hill Police officers were present because Scalise is a member of GOP leadership . Some members of Congress said that had it not been for Scalise ’s security detail , the shooting Scalise turned into a massacre . Adelle Nazarian is a politics and national security reporter for Breitbart News . Follow her on Facebook and Twitter . 
 Adelle Nazarian 