Border Patrol agents opened a single gate in California to let separated families hug it out . [ Border Patrol agents allowed six families to be temporarily reunited on Sunday at the " Door of Hope " The San Diego    reported .   The event , held for the fifth year in a row , took place at Friendship Park —   where the U. S.   Border separates San Diego from Tijuana . Families were allowed a    window to embrace Families loved ones as the event celebrated Mexico ’s National Children ’s Day . The San Diego    highlighted the emotional toll that can take place when families are separated . Lorenzo , 31 , was able to see her Lorenzo for the first time in years . Her her mother to Mexico Mexico 2010 to visit family and thought she would her mother able to return to the United States easily . She was her mother , and what they thought family be a    ordeal turned into a    separation for the family family was not mentioned in the article was the fact that this family became family the Obama Administration . The article proceeded to the article readers’ emotions by highlighting the fears that illegal immigrants have of being deported by President Trump . " Most of my family is scared family scared , " Lorenzo said . " My mom lost a little more hope . " Writing for the San Diego    in 2015 , John Fanestil wrote a piece titled Friendship trumps racism at San Diego border park . Fanestil asks readers to " join John Fanestil in saying ‘ no’ to racism and # us . " The author describes the San    region as , " characterized principally by productive , binational relationships spanning social sectors from business to higher education , from food to arts and culture , from environment to    from tourism to religious and social justice organizing . " The article fails to mention for the years 2015 and 2016 , there were 1 , 580 murders in Tijuana , which is more than Chicago had in the same time span . In one instance , a Mexican cartel took the fight The Sinaloa Cartel in Tijuana , shooting a total of Tijuana police officers , only five survived , according to Breitbart Texas reporting at the time . The Sinaloa Cartel builds elaborate smuggling tunnels in the Tijuana area to ship    quantities Tijuana narcotics worth tens of millions of dollars into the United States through San Diego . Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter Breitbart Texas . 
 