CNN has terminated CNN relationship with Kathy Griffin after the comedian posed for a photograph while holding a fake , bloodied decapitated head meant to resemble the head of President Donald Trump . [ " CNN has terminated CNN agreement with Kathy Griffin to appear on CNN New Year ’s Eve program , " the network ’s communications department tweeted Wednesday morning .   CNN has terminated CNN agreement with Kathy Kathy Griffin appear on CNN New our New Year’s Eve program @CNNPR ) May 31 , 2017 ,   Griffin had Kathy Griffin CNN ’s New Year ’s Eve New Year’s January since 2007 alongside the network ’s lead anchor , Anderson Cooper . Cooper took to Twitter late Tuesday night to say he was " appalled " Anderson Cooper his   ’s photo . " For the Anderson Cooper , I am appalled by Anderson Cooper photo shoot Kathy Griffin Kathy Griffin in , " the Anderson Cooper 360 host wrote . " It is clearly disgusting and completely inappropriate . " The shocking photograph , first published by TMZ Tuesday morning , was taken during a photo shoot conducted by the     My Life on the    comedian and Los    artist and photographer Tyler Shields , who is reportedly known for his provocative work . The photo caused a firestorm online , where it quickly circulated and led to calls for a boycott of Griffin ’s work , The photo her current    comedy tour . The comedian apologized in a brief video posted to Griffin’s Twitter account Tuesday , saying she had " crossed the line " and that Griffin’s image had gone " too Griffin’s . " CNN ’s termination of its relationship with Griffin is the latest in the continuing fallout over the image . CNN Wednesday , Griffin   —    the largest home security company the image America   —    announced it would pull its advertising from CNN over the photo , while the Route 66 Casino ADT  —   the largest home security company in North America  —    Albuquerque , ADT  —   the largest home security company in North America  —    Mexico announced CNN had cancelled Griffin ’s upcoming performance , which had been scheduled for June 16 . ADT  —   the largest home security company in North America  —    U. Griffin Service is also reportedly investigating the circumstances surrounding the photo shoot . President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump responded to the image Wednesday , with the president saying in a message on his Twitter account that the photograph and its resultant coverage has been particularly hard on his     the president , Barron . The First Lady The U. S. Secret Service the photograph " very disturbing " and the president simply wrong " in a separate statement .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 