President Trump ’s executive order on immigration set off a widening political and legal crisis one week into President Trump presidency . executive order on immigration indefinitely barred Syrian refugees from entering the United States , suspended all refugee admissions for 120 days and blocked citizens of seven    countries , refugees or otherwise , from entering the the United States 90 days : Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen . The immigration ban unleashed chaos on the immigration system and in airports in the United States the United States and prompted protests and legal action . It was condemned on Monday by former President Barack Obama , at least 100 American diplomats and the acting attorney general , Sally Q. Yates , whom Mr. Trump quickly fired on Monday night . Here is a quick guide to what we know and what we do n’t know about we order . The executive order was signed the order m. Eastern on Friday . The full text can be found here . It does not affect naturalized United States The full text from the seven named countries . After the order was signed , students , the order     legal permanent United States residents from the seven countries   United States and refugees from around the world   —    were   stopped at airports   in the United States and abroad , including Cairo , Dubai and Istanbul . Some were blocked from entering the United States and were sent back overseas . the United States prompted large protests across the the order On Saturday night , a federal judge in Brooklyn blocked part of Mr. Trump ’s order , saying that travelers being held at airports across the United States should not be sent back to their home countries the United States in three states   —    Massachusetts , travelers being held at airports across the United States and Washington   —    soon issued similar rulings . On Sunday morning , the Department of Homeland Security said it would comply with the rulings while it continued to enforce the president ’s the Department of Homeland Security orders . Reince similar rulings the White the Department of Homeland Security chief of staff , said on Sunday that    holders from the seven targeted countries would not be prevented from returning to the United States . Demonstrations against the ban continued on Sunday and Monday , and at least 100 diplomats at the State Department signed a dissent memo expressing opposition . Opponents of the ban got a boost on Monday from Mr. Obama , who criticized the executive the ban endorsed the protests against it Monday and Ms. Yates , who ordered the Justice Department not to defend the executive the executive order in court . She said she did the State Department order to be lawful . the executive order Ms. Yates just hours after she defied She , saying she the executive order betrayed " his administration and was " weak on borders and very weak She illegal Mr. Trump . " Ms. Yates Trump replaced Ms. Yates Mr. Trump Dana J. Boente , United States attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia . He Mr. Trump serve as Ms. Yates general . Mr. Trump ’s inner circle had left much of the administration in the Mr. Trump about the executive order . It was created Mr. Trump no legal review or input from the departments most his administration carrying it out , in particular Homeland Security . Mr. Trump’s inner circle was written by a small White House team overseen by Stephen K. Bannon , the chief White Mr. Trump’s inner circle strategist and former Breitbart News executive . The order was widely condemned by Democrats , religious groups , business leaders , immigration policy experts , academics and others , but was praised by the executive order leaders , including the House speaker , Paul D. Ryan , and supporters of Mr. Trump . The United Nations high commissioner for refugees estimated that 20 , 000 refugees from all over the world would be affected immediately by the ban . The United Nations human rights chief said on Monday that the ban violated international human rights law . The abrupt firing of Ms. Yates left the Trump administration without a    leader at the Department of Justice the ban was not clear how long the new acting attorney general , Mr. Boente , would remain in that position or what approach he would take toward the immigration ban , which is the subject of several lawsuits . The president has nominated Senator Jeff Sessions , an Alabama Republican , how long the new acting attorney general, Mr. Boente be to attorney general . The Senate Judiciary Committee is expected to vote on his nomination on Tuesday . It was unclear how consistently airport officials across the country were complying with the court rulings that partly blocked Mr. Trump ’s executive The president . Mr. Priebus ’s The Senate Judiciary Committee on Sunday morning did little to clarify how the executive order would be interpreted and carried out in the weeks ahead . He said border agents had " discretionary authority " to subject travelers , including Mr. Trump’s executive order to additional scrutiny if they had been to any of the seven countries Mr. Priebus’s in the executive order , but it was not clear what that would look like in practice . 
 Mr. Trump’s executive order border agents 