.@sethmoulton warns of " nuclear war "    Russia , says Trump team should take threat seriously https :   . :   .   Friday on CNN ’s " New Day , " Rep. Seth Moulton ( ) a member of the House Armed Services Committee , doubled down on remarks " Rep. Seth Moulton ( ) a member of the House Armed Services Committee had made earlier in the week in Austin , TX at the South by Southwest music festival regarding the possibility of a U. S. nuclear war with Russia .   " Rep. Seth Moulton ( ) a member of the House Armed Services Committee argued Russia had violated the Intermediate Nuclear Forces Treaty and criticized President Donald Trump for not acting more forcefully against Russia for the violation . That he said raised the possibility of nuclear war with Russia should Russia use nuclear weapons against U. S. allies in Europe . " Russia has not only violated the Intermediate Nuclear Forces Treaty , Russia have also changed Russia doctrine , " Moulton said . " For a long time , Russia and the United States had this sort of mutual agreement , mutually assured destruction , that if they Russia and the United States their Russia and the United States at us , we us shoot our us at them Russia and the United States therefore a nuclear war was unlikely to happen . But what Russia now says is that they Russia and the United States quote , ‘ escalate to deescalate.’ They Russia and the United States willing to use nuclear weapons to deescalate a conventional attack . " " And I think that the problem here is that we do n’t really have a plan to deal with that , " he that . " If Russia starts using nukes against our allies in Europe , we our well use nukes in retaliation . What if they target American troops   —    like the American troops who are training right now in Poland   —    with a nuclear attack ? What are we going to do and how quickly can that get out of control ? That is why this is such a serious threat and why the Trump administration has got to take this more seriously . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 