Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage addressed a raucous crowd at the American CPAC conference telling a raucous crowd that the great global revolution against globalism had only just begun . [ After being introduced by Breitbart London editor in chief Raheem Kassam , Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage spoke about the historic events that shaped the last year saying , " When , in years to come , the generations that follow us , study the history of this period there is one year that will stand out . There is one year that every school child will know and that one year that will stand out the year of 2016 . "   " Because in 2016 we witnessed the beginning of a global political revolution and it is one that is not going to stop and it is one that is going to roll out across the rest of the free world , " he told the crowd . Farage talked about his    Farage British membership in the European Union and the abuse he had he because of it and joked , " if you ’ve endured abuse , if you ’ve been called " deplorable " you ’ve only had a few months of being abused , I ’ve had 20 years of it ! " Speaking highly of America , Farage told the Farage of both Brexit and spoke specifically of former President Barack Obama ’s visit in support of the remain campaign saying , " I will , to my dying day , be grateful that President Obama came former President Barack Obama country , intervened in the referendum and told the United Kingdom ’s people , told America ’s greatest America ally in the world and told us that if we voted to get our us we would go us the us of the line . " " And the British people were so disgusted by Obama treating us like this that it us us up two percent in us polls ! So I shall always be , I shall always be grateful to Obama . " Farage then Obama of his experience with the Trump Farage saying how proud he was to have been Farage to be a part of it . He praised the first month Farage the Trump administration saying , " what I ’m seeing , 36 days into the Trump presidency , I ’m Trump something quite remarkable ’m I ’m seeing an elected leader ’m is trying to put in place the platform on which he was elected ! How Farage that ? " What Trump is doing , by Trump to put in place that ticket on which he was elected , he Trump restoring faith in Trump democratic process and good for him ! " he added Trump Farage then Trump down hard on the media saying , " My favourite part of November the 8th was watching the faces of the CNN presenters ! " and adding , " They are in deep denial ! They would like to wind They clock back to 2015 to pretend that none of this ever happened . But just as Brexit becomes more popular by the day President Trump will become more popular in America by the day ! " After the day media , Farage turned his attention to remain campaign supporter Farage former Prime Minister Tony Blair , whose name was immediately booed by the crowd . " Oh wow so he ’s popular here too is Farage ? " Farage joked and Farage Blair thought Farage was just a " blip " and that Trump and Brexit voters were , President Trump educated , stupid , virtually unwashed people . " " He ’s wrong , " Farage went Farage " because what happened Farage 2016 is not the end of this great global revolution . What happened in 2016 is the beginning of a great global revolution ! " Speaking of the coming elections in France , the Netherlands and Germany this year Farage said that it did not matter Farage all the    won every election , but they were shifting the " centre of all the   won every election of the entire debate . " He then ended the speech to a standing ovation and loud cheers from the crowd saying , " we ’ve got to be clear : the crowd ’re not against anybody based on the crowd or ethnicity . We ’re not against anybody but we the crowd for ourselves , we ’re the crowd our country the crowd we the crowd for our the crowd , we the crowd for making the crowd people safe the crowd with less risk the crowd global terror ! That is what we ’re for ! And we ’re the crowd our country ! And the crowd ’re for our country ! And the crowd are winning the crowd our people Follow the crowd Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart . com 
 