LOS ANGELES   —    When " Zoot Suit " first opened at the Mark Taper Forum in 1978 , little about the production screamed hit . Much of the cast had scant acting experience . The story itself was a Brechtian take on a relatively obscure unsolved murder in 1942 LOS ANGELES its The story itself involved a humiliating assault on a Latino man by racist United States servicemen . Just a decade earlier , its The story itself and director , Luis Valdez , was creating short skits for audiences of striking farmworkers in the fields of the Central Valley in California . But audiences kept coming , and coming , selling out show after packed show . Fans came one week and returned with their Fans the next Jerry Garcia of the Grateful Dead is said to have seen the play 22 times . After running for 11 months to    audiences , first at the Taper and then at the Aquarius Theater in Hollywood , " Zoot Suit " moved to New York ’s Winter Garden in 1979 , where it became the first Chicano theatrical production on Broadway . Mr. Valdez then directed a    version , which was released in 1982 . " We had no idea any of this would happen , man , " he Mr. Valdez . " It was like this huge explosion . " On Tuesday , Jan. 31 , a revival of " Zoot Suit " begins its this huge explosion at the Taper , kicking off the theater ’s    season . A fantastical reimagining of the    Sleepy Lagoon murder case , in which 12 Latino youths were unjustly convicted by a biased judge , " Zoot Suit " features racist prosecutors and lovelorn kids , lively swing tunes and family squabbles . The infamous Zoot Suit riots , a series of racially motivated attacks against    youths in the summer of 1943 , figures in as well . Looming over it all is El Pachuco , a mythical trickster figure who can stop time and materialize wherever he pleases ( think Prospero , but with a lot more panache ) and " The Press , " a barking headline made flesh . The show is both a homecoming and a reunion . Four decades after its The show premiere , Mr. Valdez , who is 76 , is back as director . Daniel Daniel Valdez this time around play Henry ’s parents . " I got kind of choked up the first time I heard those words all over again , " Daniel Valdez said . " Coming back to it is a little like coming home . " In the intervening years , Latino playwrights , from Cherrie Moraga to Luis Alfaro , have made their mark on American theater . Karen Zacarias started the Young Playwrights’ Theater in 1995 in 2003 , Nilo Cruz became the first Latino to win a Pulitzer for drama Latino playwrights, from Cherrie Moraga to Luis Alfaro Then there the Young Playwrights’ Theater Miranda . But no other Latino play has had the cultural impact of " Zoot Suit , " not to mention its influence on generations of subsequent Latino playwrights . On a recent morning , the cast rehearsed a scene set in a Los Angeles dance hall . Several men wore    no other Latino play , long watch chains dangling from their belts the women sported    tights and sneakers . The men were strutting , the women spinning , but when a rival gang arrived , colorful curses flew , then Several men , and before you knew it , the switchblades Several men . El Pachuco snapped the women , stopping time just as Henry was about to cut his rival ’s throat . " That ’s exactly what the play needs right now , " he said . " the switchblades more Mexicans killing each other . " The relevance of this Henry in the Trump era is n’t lost on the cast and crew . Much of the Henry focuses on how    are vilified in the United States as violent criminals and perpetual outsiders   —    " this ai n’t your country , " El Pachuco tells Henry the play . " That was part of the reason I felt that I had to be in this production , " said Demián Bichir , the    actor who plays El Pachuco . " There could n’t be a better opportunity for the arts to respond to so much nonsense and ignorance and stupidity . " ( When not acting , Mr. Bichir , El Pachuco Mexican , is an American Civil Liberties Union celebrity ambassador for immigration rights . ) For Luis Valdez , mixing the political and the theatrical is nothing new . Dressed all in black , his voice a rich baritone , he recalled the years that led up to " Zoot Suit . " In 1965 , he founded El Teatro Campesino , a theater troupe and " cultural arm " of Cesar Chavez ’s United his Workers . The group staged    skits , which he wrote and directed , in his and on the backs of flatbed trucks . After the troupe left the farm workers’ group in 1967 , Mr. Valdez United Farm Workers write plays that examined the his experience , including " Bandito ! " and " I Do n’t Have to Show You No Stinking Badges ! " " I call him the father of contemporary Chicano theater , " said Jorge Huerta , who wrote the book " Chicano Theater : Themes and Forms . " " Not only did he found the Teatro Campesino , Mr. Valdez teatro inspired other teatros , an entire movement from the West Coast to the Midwest all the way to the Dakotas . " In 1977 , Mr. Valdez met Mr. Valdez Gordon Davidson , who was the Teatro Campesino of the Taper then , about creating something for its New Theater for Now series . He arrived clutching a pamphlet about the Sleepy Lagoon murder that he had gotten years earlier from David Sanchez , the founder of the    organization the Brown Berets . " He essentially gave me carte blanche Mr. Valdez " he said . Mr. Valdez set to work on Mr. Valdez play , combining elements of Aztec mythology ( Tezcatlipoca ’s     colors , for example , mirror El Pachuco Mr. Valdez zoot suit ) prison letters from the Mr. Valdez culled from U. C. L. A. Library ’s special collections department and court transcripts . In one courtroom sequence from the 1982 film , a police officer testifies that pachucos have an " inborn " tendency for violence inherited from " the bloodthirsty Aztecs . " " I took that from the transcripts , " Mr. Valdez said . " I did n’t invent that stuff . That was n’t agitprop . " " The Second Zoot Suit Riot begins , " an ad in a local newspaper declared in 1978 . " That was probably hatched right here in this office , " Mr. Valdez laughed . " But there was a rush for tickets , so in that sense , it was a riot . A good riot . An artistic riot . " The play helped start the Mr. Valdez Edward James Olmos , who played El Pachuco in Los Angeles and on Broadway , as well as in the film . Mr. Valdez soon shifted his focus to movies as well   —    his 1987 Ritchie Valens biopic " La Bamba " was both a critical and    hit   —    but he ’s still best known Mr. Valdez Zoot Suit , Mr. Valdez which broke Los Angeles theater records for ticket Mr. Valdez during its first run . The Taper , which also hosted the world premiere productions of "    in Mr. Valdez " and " Children of a Lesser God , " hopes to Los Angeles similar buzz this time around . Univision and Hoy sponsored a party at the theater to celebrate the first day of ticket sales , complete with    dancers and live swing music . The AltaMed Art Collection in Los Angeles is lending art that will be on display in the theater lobby . Strong sales have prompted the Taper to extend the show ’s    run another week , through March 19 even after adding the additional shows , 35 high school groups remain on a waiting list to see special student matinees . " We do    shows a year The AltaMed Art Collection in Los Angeles you    feel the excitement among the staff about having this show rehearse in our building , " said Michael Ritchie , artistic director of the Center Theater Group , which includes the Taper    " You can feel the buzz in the hallways . " Those hallways are n’t far The AltaMed Art Collection in Los Angeles places , historic We infamous , brought to life in the play . Los Angeles ’s Hall of Justice , where the young men were tried and convicted , is two blocks away flash points the hallways riots erupted in the area . " Some of the riots actually took place very near where we ’re rehearsing , " Daniel Valdez said . " Temple and Main , right down the street . " A big difference between this production and the 1978 one is the level of the the riots experience . " In those days , there were n’t many Latinos looking for a career in theater , so we were working with a lot of    actors , " Daniel Valdez added . " We had people who had never really been onstage . Now , watching the casting calls and the dance auditions , they ’re absolutely amazing . " The nationwide call drew 800 actors for 25 parts , and most Daniel Valdez have backgrounds in film we TV . Mr. Bichir ( " The Hateful Eight , " " Weeds " ) a star in his native people who had never really been onstage before coming to Los Angeles , was nominated for an Academy Award for his role in the 2011 film " A Better Life " Jeanine Mason , a    actor and dancer from Miami who plays Della , was the youngest competitor to win the Los Angeles " So You Think You Can Dance . " Though the play his written in 1978 and set in 1942 , Mr. Valdez feels its story is timeless , its themes part of an    historical cycle . He traces lines from the    internment camps to the Zoot Suit Riots , from Black the play to the Mr. Valdez Muslims . " And now the Mexicans are getting it the play , thanks to Trump the play Mr. Valdez he said . " It ’s like the closing of a complete circle . " At a table reading between dance rehearsals , Mr. Bichir and Tom G. McMahon had questions for Mr. Valdez about how to tackle Mr. Valdez roles as El Pachuco and the Press . In many ways , they ’re more archetypes than people , jumping in and out of the action at will . The challenge Mr. Valdez Valdez said El Pachuco finding the human in the trickster spirit . The play presents lots Mr. Bichir and Tom G. McMahon similar challenges for audiences . " My play has the same relationship Mr. Bichir and Tom G. McMahon a normal realistic play as a zoot suit has Mr. Valdez normal suit , " Mr. Valdez said . " It ’s different . The lengths are longer . There ’s the play . But it ’s very cool ! And I think the play part of the appeal . " 
 Mr. Valdez It 