After Melania Trump met with Pope Francis in the Vatican Wednesday , Melania Trump spokeswoman confirmed that the First Lady is indeed a Roman Catholic , the first to occupy Melania Trump post since Jackie Kennedy . [ The last time the United States had a Catholic as the First Lady was during the presidency of John F. Kennedy , whose wife Jackie Kennedy —   like him —   was a Roman Catholic . When Melania moves into the White House together with their the White House Barron this summer , she Melania become the first Catholic occupant of the the White House the Kennedy era .   On meeting the Pope Wednesday , Melania Melania him to bless Pope Melania and later visited the Bambin Gesù ( Baby Jesus ) pediatric hospital , where she Melania with young patients and their families , prayed in a chapel and laid flowers at the feet of a statue of the Virgin Mary .   Later that day , the First Lady ’s spokeswoman Stephanie Grisham confirmed to DailMail . com that Melania is a practicing Catholic . Having grown up in Slovenia , then part of the Communist and officially atheist Soviet bloc , it is unclear when Melania was baptized a Catholic . President Trump is a    Presbyterian , and he and Melania President Trump married in a Palm Beach Florida Episcopal church . Melania ’s father was a nominal member of the Communist Party in order to be able to obtain employment . In February , Melania kicked off a presidential rally in Melbourne , Florida , by reciting the Lord ’s Prayer , beginning with the typical Catholic invocation " Let us pray . " The first lady later tweeted about the development with the hashtags " # Blessings " and " # Faith . " In another tweet , she sent " The first lady to all " after her audience with The first lady pontiff , which she described as The first lady " honor " she will never The first lady . Today ’s visit with His Holiness Pope Francis @Pontifex is one I ’ll never forget . I was humbled by the honor . an "honor" all . pic . twitter .    —    Melania Trump ( @FLOTUS ) May 24 , 2017 ,   Mrs. Trump told Pope Francis at the His Holiness Pope Francis she was looking forward to Mrs. Trump to the hospital " for the bambinos , " a visit she later described as " Mrs. Trump moving . " " To spend time speaking to and coloring with children who have such a positive spirit despite illness was an amazing gift , " she said . " The Mrs. Trump I spent with the little ones in the Intensive Care Unit is something I will never forget , and I will pray for each of them daily , " she the little ones in the Intensive Care Unit . Follow Thomas Mrs. Trump Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 