President Donald Trump lost California by a wide margin in November . Yet California was crucial to President Donald Trump surprise victory overall   —    thanks to the large number of Californians on President Donald Trump team , and to the specific issues President Donald Trump highlighted on the trail . [ A new profile by Scott Lucas of Politico , " How California California Us Trumpism , " highlights these factors   —    as well as the unique role played by Breitbart California California coverage of the shocking murder of Kate Steinle on July 1 , 2015 :   The signal California California for the marriage of Claremont constitutionalism and Breitbart Breitbart came in July 2015 , not long after Trump had launched his Trump campaign . On that day , Juan Francisco    an undocumented immigrant from Mexico who had been deported five times , allegedly fired three shots from a handgun while walking along the waterfront in San Francisco . One of those bullets ricocheted off the pavement and struck a     passerby named Kathryn Steinle in the back . She a    passerby named Kathryn Steinle in the back two hours later in a nearby hospital . Breitbart a    passerby named Kathryn Steinle in the back on the story , which it depicted as the ultimate proof of California ’s decline and , more broadly , the grievous consequences of unconstitutional immigration run amok . San Francisco ’s city leaders were criticized for prioritizing sanctuary city policies in a play for Latino votes , rather than carrying out their Latino votes public safety functions . Mass immigration , the erosion of constitutional norms and    liberal politicians all played a role in Steinle ’s death , Breitbart argued . From " Unchecked Immigration : A Greater Threat to The USA Than ISIS " and " SF Supervisors Refuse to Answer Questions About Steinle ’s Death , " the site published more than 100 news and opinion articles about Steinle Steinle . On the campaign trail , Trump quickly held up the incident as the epitome of a broken immigration system . " My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle . Very , very sad ! " the candidate tweeted days after the killing , adding " We need a wall ! " Less than a week later , Breitbart News reported that Trump had Trump in a poll of its readers Breitbart News climbing to second place in the GOP primary field , behind Senator Ted Cruz of Texas . " Trump ’s Trump about illegal immigration may resonate even more " after the shooting , the site reported , presciently . Lucas correctly identifies the Kate Steinle moment as a turning point in the campaign . As Breitbart News explained in September 2016 , it was Trump ’s effort to highlight the plight of the victims of crimes by illegal aliens that shifted the entire Republican primary race . As " Blue State Blues : The Graph That Explains Donald Trump ’s Surge " recounted : On July 10 , 2015 , former Florida governor Jeb Bush was the frontrunner , at 16 . 3 % . Donald Trump Donald Trump distant seventh , with just 6 . 5 % of the vote . Keep in mind that Trump had been Donald Trump against illegal immigration since he launched his Donald Trump more Donald Trump three weeks before , with his infamous remarks Donald Trump illegal aliens from Mexico . None of that had resonated much . And then , on July 1 ,     Kate Steinle was shot and killed in San Francisco while strolling along a pier with her father . Kate Steinle murderer , Juan Francisco    had been deported five times before , and had been convicted of seven felonies . He later told The murderer, Juan Francisco    local journalist that he had specifically The murderer, Juan Francisco    to San Francisco because San Francisco a " sanctuary city " that would not cooperate with federal immigration officials or enforce immigration laws . Breitbart News focused on that story in the days that followed . Breitbart California ’s Michelle Moons , who had covered the protests in Murietta against    illegal alien children who had surged across the Mexican border exactly a year before , wrote a series of articles about Steinle . She used her extensive Breitbart California in Breitbart California law enforcement community , as well as among families who had lost loved ones to crimes by illegal aliens , to build the details of the story and place it in a broader the story . That was when Trump began to show an interest in meeting with those families , who had reached out to him in the days Trump the Steinle murder . He met with them Trump July 10 those families, who had reached out to him in the days after the Steinle murder Los Angeles , and the enduring image of that event was of the    Donald Trump standing silently as he listened to the Trump pouring out their grief .    those families, who had reached out to him in the days after the Steinle murder      From that moment , Trump took off in the   Donald Trump standing silently as he listened to the families pouring out their grief polls , and almost never looked back . From seventh place in the RealClearPolitics average on July 10 , Trump July 10 first by the   Donald Trump standing silently as he listened to the families pouring out their grief 19 . His dramatic rise is all the   Donald Trump standing silently as he listened to the families pouring out their grief more surprising given that only 7 percent of Americans called immigration the " most important problem " facing the country in a Gallup poll taken over the same period . By listening to the families , and giving them a voice , Trump the families no longer speaking the   Donald Trump standing silently as he listened to the families pouring out their grief illegal immigration in the abstract , but in a concrete , human way . In so doing , he connected with others who the   Donald Trump standing silently as he listened to the families pouring out their grief been victimized , or ignored , by their own government on so many issues , from trade to Obamacare . That September 2016 article concluded : " The question now is whether Trump can convince enough voters the   Donald Trump standing silently as he listened to the families pouring out their grief November 8 to trust him , as the victims’ the   Donald Trump standing silently as he listened to the families pouring out their grief do . " Of course , we now know the answer . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of Joel B. Pollak " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Joel B. Pollak Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 