Filmmaker Spike Lee unleashed a flurry of personal insults at President Donald Trump and revealed why Hillary Clinton was wrong to think Hillary Clinton was " entitled " to the presidency in an interview this week . [ In a brief conversation with Hollywood Reporter at the Cannes Film Festival , the Do The Right Thing director did n’t mince words about the    : " President Donald Trump ’s not President Donald Trump . I call him President Donald Trump Orange . "   " There was some clip I saw yesterday of him President Donald Trump with the Saudis that was just ludicrous , " Lee President Donald Trump about Trump recent foreign trip to Saudi Arabia . " Not only is he President Donald Trump a good president , he President Donald Trump n’t dance either , " Lee President Donald Trump while laughing . " He President Donald Trump be impeached on his President Donald Trump . He President Donald Trump the clown with the nuclear codes . " Lee President Donald Trump Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders for president in a radio ad last February and blasted the Democrat party ’s " rigged " primary system . When asked if he President Donald Trump came around to supporting Clinton , Lee President Donald Trump on the former frontrunner . " Have you read the book Shattered ? Great book , " Lee President Donald Trump of the new Clinton Clinton    Shattered : Inside Hillary Clinton ’s Doomed Campaign , which offers a blistering     look at how Hillary Clinton the election .   " Hillary comes Clinton entitlement . They thought they were They to this and despite what you might think , you got ta work , " Lee President Donald Trump . " If you ’re chilling at Martha ’s Vineyard , and think ‘ It ’s a done deal.’ But it was It . There ’s one thing you can learn from sports . To quote Yogi Bear : " It ai n’t over ’til it ’s It . " They thought it was It . They do n’t work like that . " The    director also said he would The   director support actor and former professional wrestler Dwayne Johnson as a presidential candidate without first knowing his politics The   director Johnson ’s The   director has been floated as a possible Democratic contender to take on Trump in 2020 . " No . Well , I ’d need to know how he stood The   director issues . " Lee said , adding that Johnson ’s Johnson’s , real or not , comes off as unauthentic , given Trump ’s jump from reality TV host to 45th president . " The thing is , everyone thinks they can be everyone . Like , " Look , that guy The   director . " Lee is attending the Lee Film Festival in France this week . The filmmaker moderated a QA with singer Elton John on Monday .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 