Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee will be made in an open hearing . [ The announcement came last week that Sessions would follow up    Director James Comey ’s testimony before the same committee with Director James Comey own appearance , but it was speculated that appearance would be in a closed session . the Senate Intelligence Committee chairman , Sen. Richard Burr ( ) announced Monday that the attorney general ’s testimony will be before the public as Comey ’s was Director James Comey Thursday .   The subject of the hearing , which will take place Tuesday at 2:30 p. m. Eastern Time in the Hart Senate Office Building , will be the ongoing probe into Russian involvement in the 2016 presidential campaign and the    controversy about Comey ’s firing Director James Comey FBI and subsequently leaks to the press of potentially privileged memos about his conversations with President Director James Comey Trump . Sessions , who recused himself from all involvement in the Department of Justice ’s own Russia investigation , was thrust back into the fracas by Comey ’s testimony . Director James Comey FBI head strongly implied that the FBI attorney general refused to protect him from or offer advice the attorney general how to deal with an overbearing President Trump . He also posited that he the attorney general not made aware the attorney general the scope and parameters of Sessions’ recusal . Sessions’ spokesman categorically denied these claims in a statement Friday , offering an email sent to Comey in March laying out the attorney general ’s reasons the attorney general the extent to which he did Sessions’ spokesman . Among the more striking Sessions’ spokesman of Comey ’s testimony was his admission that he Comey himself used    Comey’s and Columbia Comey’s law Comey’s , Daniel Richman , to leak the now infamous " let this go " memo on an alleged conversation between himself and the president . Comey further admitted Comey’s he did so specifically Comey’s force the appointment Comey’s a special counsel , a purpose fulfilled when Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , who had been heading the investigation , appointed Comey ’s predecessor and mentor Robert Mueller to that position last month . Also likely on the docket will be Sessions’ own interactions with members of the Russian government . The attorney general ’s political opponents have made much of his failure to disclose , during his confirmation The attorney general’s and on his security clearance The attorney general’s , certain meetings he The attorney general’s , primarily with Russian Ambassador Sergei The attorney general’s , during the 2016 campaign . Despite Sessions’ insistence that all these meetings were made in the scope of his official duties as a United States senator The attorney general’s voices from the left , such as Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) have gone so far as to demand Sessions resign over the matter . Sessions will likely seek to dispel whatever taint Senate Democrats attempt to create over these meetings and clarify the exact chain of events that led to Comey ’s dismissal , an action he publicly endorsed at the time . Sessions Comey Comey ’s testimony in rapid succession before the Comey Intelligence Committee is not the first time the two men will lock political horns . As far back as October , Sessions was expressing his misgivings about Comey . The pair ’s Comey spar will Comey’s out before the American public Tuesday afternoon . 
 