Despite CEO Jeff Bezos ’s political battles with    Donald Trump , Amazon is going    by pledging to hire 100 , 000 U. S. employees with full benefits to launch Amazon    grocery markets , which are expected to offer drone delivery services . [ Amazon . com ( OTC : AMZN ) currently has about 180 , 000    employees in the United States and over 306 , 000 full and    employees worldwide . That represents about a 33 percent increase over the 230 , 800 at the end of 2015 .   With 600 percent employment growth in the last 5 years , Amazon ’s employee base is now 3 times Microsoft ’s direct workforce and over 4 times Google parent Alphabet ’s 70 , 000 employees . Unlike other tech companies that are automating away employment or replacing Americans with    foreigners , Amazon is accelerating hiring . Most of Amazon’s U. S. growth has been at Amazon 18 " Fulfilment by Amazon " service centers . Although the Amazon" service centers with    employees , Amazon CFO Brian Olsavsky recently stated that due to expansion factors , the company is Amazon’s CFO Brian Olsavsky temporary employees to    positions .    next big phase for Amazon Amazon will be the    of 1 , 800    " Amazon Go Amazon grocery stores , which will feature clerkless shopping . The company opened its pilot Amazon’s CFO Brian Olsavsky one of Amazon’s CFO Brian Olsavsky ’s Amazon headquarters buildings . Food options include fresh produce , frozen foods , packaged grocery and prepared food options . Only Amazon    " blue badge " staffers can enter right now , but ARS Technica reported that the       stores will be soon be open to Amazon Prime members Amazon download a smartphone app . Through a combination of cameras and sensors powered by machine learning to track users’ activity , Amazon Go users Amazon    and their account will br billed as they    out of the store .    a huge inventory of      apartments with vacant ground floor retail space dotting most major cities , Amazon Go will have no problem rolling out their concept nationally . In a move Amazon Go timed to the public launch of Go , Amazon filed a Federal Communications Amazon Go application for a Special Temporary Authority permit to use of an indoor and outdoor wireless communications system in Seattle and rural Washington . The application states : " Amazon seeks FCC experimental authority to evaluate Amazon equipment and associated software designed to support innovative communications capabilities and functionalities . " It is signed by former NASA astronaut Amazon Woodward , who manages of flight test and certification for Amazon Prime Air . Amazon ’s application also " seeks to Amazon data within that time frame to assess the performance and reliability characteristics of prototype equipment and software to determine if additional research is needed and should be scheduled . " Rumors in the tech world suggest the system will support Amazon Go drone deliveries . Amazon has already Amazon making its first drone Amazon deliveries in the UK Amazon but Federal Aviation Administration regulations have limited the tech giant ’s ability to conduct tests Amazon . Amazon patents applications include a " collective Amazon " that would Amazon a flock of drones to pick up and deliver heavier items . 
 