LAS VEGAS , Nevada   —    Former Vice President Joe Biden smacked failed 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton here at the Salt Conference in LAS VEGAS on Thursday evening . [ Speaking to a packed ballroom at the Bellagio conference center on the Las Vegas Strip , the former vice president , who himself Former Vice President Joe Biden to run for president , said he Former Vice President Joe Biden Clinton 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton not the " correct " candidate , but he Former Vice President Joe Biden .   " I never thought she 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton the correct candidate , " Biden said . " I thought I was the the correct candidate " The audience erupted into applause . The the Salt Conference in Las Vegas an annual gathering of private equity leaders here in Las Vegas , organized by SkyBridge Capital founder Anthony Scaramucci . Scaramucci , last cycle , SkyBridge Capital founder Anthony Scaramucci    Donald Trump . Biden declined to run for Biden last cycle after the death of his son . " No Biden or woman should announce for the presidency unless they genuinely believe that for No man or woman moment in the nation ’s history they are the most qualified No man or woman to deal with the issues facing the country , " Biden also said . In Biden exclusive interview with Breitbart News in 2015 in his Trump Tower office , Breitbart said he expected to Breitbart Biden Breitbart the general election Biden Biden ran since Clinton had Biden many problems . " I think Hillary has got huge problems right now , " Trump said then , adding Breitbart " Is she going to make it Hillary I hear this thing is big league . Why did she do it ? You Hillary the this thing ? Because they ’re always looking to go over the edge , whether it ’s Whitewater or anything else . They always want to go they the edge . I ’m the edge at it saying , ‘ What the it was she doing?’ You know what Hillary was doing . She Hillary guarding from the Hillary seeing what she was doing . " Hillary did not run , Clinton got the nomination , Hillary Trump smoked her on Election Day in Hillary electoral college . 
 