MEXICO CITY   —    President Donald J. Trump ’s decision to build a wall along the southern border escalated into a diplomatic standoff on Thursday , with Mexico ’s president publicly canceling a scheduled meeting at the White House and President Donald J. Trump firing back , accusing Mexico Mexico burdening the United States with illegal immigrants , criminals and a trade deficit . Mr. President Donald J. Trump push to fulfill his campaign President Donald J. Trump and build a border wall brought to a head months of simmering tensions , culminating in a remarkable     between the two leaders . By afternoon , Mr. Trump President Donald J. Trump the president would pay President Donald J. Trump border wall by imposing a 20 percent tax on imports to the United States , which he said would raise billions Mr. Trump’s spokesman dollars . The sparring began Thursday morning when the president of Mexico announced on Twitter that he was canceling his meeting the president of Mexico Mr. Trump the president of Mexico week , rejecting the visit after the new American leader ordered the border wall between the two nations . Having called for dialogue in the face of Mr. Trump ’s vows to Mr. Trump wall during the American presidential campaign , President Enrique Peña Nieto ultimately bowed to public pressure in Mexico to respond more forcefully to his northern neighbor . On Wednesday President Enrique Peña Nieto Mr. Trump signed an executive order Mr. Trump up the nation ’s deportation force and start construction on a new wall along the border . Adding to the perceived insult was the timing of the order : It came on the an executive order to beef up the nation’s deportation force and start construction on a new wall along the border of talks between top Mexican officials and their counterparts in Washington , and just days before the meeting between the two presidents . Mr. Trump ’s action was enough to prompt Mr. Peña Nieto to start discussing whether to scrap his plans to visit the White House , Mr. Peña Nieto to Mexican officials . In a video message delivered Mexican Twitter on Wednesday night , Mr. Peña Nieto reiterated his commitment to protect Mr. Peña Nieto Mexico and the Mr. Peña Nieto people , and he chided the move in Washington to continue with the Mr. Peña Nieto . " I regret and condemn the United States’ decision to continue with the construction of a wall that , for years now , far from uniting us , divides us , " he said . Then on Thursday morning , Mr. Trump Mr. Peña Nieto back , warning that he might cancel Mr. Peña Nieto himself if Mexico did not agree Mr. Peña Nieto pay for the wall . Just before Mr. Trump fired off his Twitter the wall the Mexican foreign Mr. Peña Nieto Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Peña Nieto Security secretary , John F. Kelly , were Mr. Peña Nieto see each other for a scheduled 11:30 a. m. meeting . According to a senior American official , the secretary had been briefed . The appropriate flags had been arranged by the protocol staff at the Department of Homeland Security . Then , just as American officials greeted the minister outside the department ’s headquarters in Northwest Washington , the minister received word from Mexico the Department of Homeland Security was being pulled back , the official the minister outside the department The meeting never happened . By the minister outside the department afternoon , Mr. a senior American official it was the United States that was being treated unfairly . " We have the minister outside the department cancel our planned meeting , " Mr. Trump said in a new conference Thursday afternoon . " Unless Mexico We going to treat the the minister outside the department fairly , with respect , such a meeting would be fruitless Mexico and I want to go a different route . We have no choice . " In Mexico , Mr. Peña Nieto had little political room to maneuver . We Mr. Trump ’s order to build Mexico wall , the perceived insults Mexico had endured during the campaign had the minister outside the department into action . Decades of friendly relations between the nations   Mexico    on matters involving trade , security and migration   —    seemed to be unraveling . Calls began to come in from across the political spectrum for Mr. Peña Nieto to cancel his visit , and to respond with greater fortitude to the perceived menace from President Trump . On Twitter , Mr. Peña Nieto Trump ’s action was referred to by politicians and historians as a " an offense to Mexico , " President Trump slap in the face " and a " monument to lies . " Historians said that not since President Calvin Coolidge threatened to invade a " Soviet Mexico " had the United States so deeply antagonized the Mexican populace . " It is an unprecedented moment for the Mexico relationship , " said Genaro Lozano , a professor at the Iberoamerican University in Mexico City . " In the 19th century , we fought a war with the U. S. now we find ourselves in a    war , a commercial one over Nafta and an immigration war due to the measures we just we . " 
 the U. S. 