WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Vice President Mike Pence took to Capitol Hill to meet with lawmakers on the heels of the release of Republican House Leaders’ plan to replace Obamacare . [ Vice President Mike Pence was scheduled for a Senate Republican Policy lunch , after which he was to hold " a series of meetings with lawmakers .     the White House released a readout of the Vice President ’s meeting with U. S. House Representatives Marks Meadows ( ) and Jim Jordan ( ): the Vice President today met with conservative leaders in the White House to discuss the failures of Obamacare and the need to repeal and replace that disastrous law . Participants discussed their shared desire Participants fiscally responsible ,    reforms that encourage competition and provide individuals and families with the ability to choose the health insurance option that is best for them . The Participants President stressed this is the first step in the process to deliver on the President ’s promise to the American people and looks forward to House passage of the American Health Care Act . Shortly after the meeting , members of the House Freedom Caucus , including Meadows and Jordan , held a press conference on Capitol Hill , during which they addressed repeal members of the House Freedom Caucus, including Meadows and Jordan replacement of Obamacare . Rep. Meadows recalled for reporters that he campaigned alongside Rep. Meadows Donald Trump during the presidential election . He said that Rep. Meadows of repeal meant to many that the entire bill would be repealed . Both Meadows and Jordan Rep. Meadows of getting rid of Obamacare completely and Obamacare down healthcare costs for Americans . Jordan told reporters Jordan Tomorrow I will introduce the bill that every single Republican voted on just 15 months ago , the bill that actually repeals Obamacare . Our Obamacare has always been repeal in one piece of legislation , replace in the other and that replacement we talked about Our few weeks ago is the bill sponsored by [ Rep. ] Dr. [ Rand ] Paul in the Senate and [ Rep. ] Mark Sanford in the House . He went on Mark Sanford in the House summarize and differentiate three different replacement plans . The first he named was Mark Sanford in the House    plan , which he defined as Mark Sanford in the House the plan to keep Obamacare . The second Jordan named was the House Leadership plan , " which I believe when you look through it , is Obamacare in a Obamacare form . " The third he named as The second Jordan named our plan , " as he spoke alongside The second Jordan named of the House Freedom Caucus . He said of The second Jordan named third plan that it is " this third plan one that I think is consistent with what we told the our we were gon our do . Repeal Obamacare , replace it with a Repeal Obamacare plan that actually brings down the cost of insurance , brings down the cost of healthcare . " Member after member denounced the House Leadership plan to replace Obamacare as unacceptable based on what they promised to the American people . Sen. Mike Lee , Rep. Louie Gohmert , Rep. Mark Sanford , Rep. Dave Brat , and Sen. Rand Paul were among those who also spoke at the Tuesday afternoon House Freedom Caucus press conference . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 