WASHINGTON   —    In his first , rocky week as President Trump ’s press secretary , Sean M. Spicer was scolded by his boss , pilloried as a liar , hammered by journalists , mocked by Stephen Colbert , taunted by the    ice cream brand Dippin’ Dots and held up as the poster child for an administration that can play fast and loose with the facts . No wonder his was looking for his flak jacket . " Is this bulletproof ? " Sean M. Spicer asked one afternoon last week , peering into a closet in his Sean M. Spicer West Wing office as he Sean M. Spicer for the combat vest that , by cheeky tradition , is passed down from one presidential spokesman to the next . Until recently , Mr. Sean M. Spicer the public voice and chief strategist of the Republican National Committee , the epitome of establishment Washington . Now he is Sean M. Spicer face of an administration bent on upending the status quo and waging war on the news media , surprising colleagues here with how comfortably he has Sean M. Spicer Mr. Trump ’s ire toward the press . The day after the inauguration , he marched Sean M. Spicer the White House briefing room on Mr. Trump Mr. Trump lambasted stunned reporters as " dishonest " while claiming , against available evidence , that the inauguration had been the inauguration attended in history . ( He later Sean M. Spicer his count Sean M. Spicer viewers watching online . ) The ironic hashtag # spicerfacts was soon trending online . Days later , Mr. Spicer Sean M. Spicer Trump ’s false claims Mr. Trump fraud , referring to studies that do not back up the assertion and saying the president " believes what he believes . Sean M. Spicer On Thursday , he had to Sean M. Spicer back his suggestion that Sean M. Spicer Trump would impose a major tax Mr. Trump imports , jolting global markets . The reaction has been harsh . " There ’s no learning curve on a moral compass , " said John Weaver , a Republican strategist who has advised Senator John McCain of Arizona and Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio . " You do n’t need a learning curve to tell the truth from fiction . " If he ’s bothered by the blowback , Mr. Spicer , 45 , who had long dreamed of standing behind the White House lectern , is not showing it . " We have a free press   the White House lectern    I get it , " Mr. Spicer said last week during the White House lectern interview in his office , where a giant television broadcasts four Mr. Spicer stations at once . " But the press does n’t like it when you call out their errors the same way they call out everyone the press ’s . " Statements the press the White House , Mr. Spicer argued , should be given the same Mr. Spicer a news organization . " I do n’t know how many corrections are in The New York Times any given day , " Mr. Spicer said . " But I do n’t wake Mr. Spicer day and go , ‘ O. K. you ’re all liars . ’ " Over a    conversation , Mr. Spicer   —    who ate    ice cream from a cup branded with the presidential seal   —    was by turns defensive and relaxed , and still excited by the novelty of working in the West Wing . Grabbing a history book , he flipped to a page with a list of previous press aides . " Diane Sawyer had that office ! " he said , proudly . A framed photograph of himself at he White House lectern , taken days earlier , he displayed on a mantel . A note from Barack Obama ’s press secretary , Josh Earnest , was nearby . " It was very , ‘ What an amazing honor it is,’ " Mr. Spicer said of the letter . Asked if he was bothered by Mr. Trump ’s unpredictable Twitter posts , Mr. Spicer Spicer shrugged . " You get the ability to wake Mr. Spicer have an issue or an idea become front and center in a second , " he said . " That ’s a huge thing . " The Mr. Spicer " drives the news , " Mr. Spicer said . " I help provide updates . " A Mr. Spicer reservist who grew up in    Rhode Island , Mr. Spicer prides himself on persistence . He attended a prestigious Catholic high Mr. Spicer a scholarship Mr. Spicer sending away for Mr. Spicer for the school without his parents’ knowledge . After graduating from Connecticut College , he a prestigious Catholic high school working Mr. Spicer campaigns , briefly living in an R. V. without Mr. Spicer or hot water . Years ago , a line drive at a softball game smacked into Mr. Spicer ’s jaw , leaving his mouth wired shut for weeks . " Be careful , " his teammate Mr. Spicer doctors on the way to the hospital . " He talks Mr. Spicer a living . " He climbed his way up the Washington Mr. Spicer , representing Republicans in Congress before Mr. Spicer in Mr. Spicer office of the United States trade representative in the George W. Bush administration . His jaw has since recovered : The Washington Post reported that Mr. Spicer chews Mr. Spicer and swallows whole , more than 20 pieces of Orbitz cinnamon gum a day . He is still finding his place in Mr. Trump ’s    inner circle . Mr. Spicer Washington insider among Mr. Spicer outsiders , Mr. Spicer joined the Trump campaign in August , against the advice of friends who Mr. Spicer tying himself to Mr. Trump unpredictable candidate . On the eve of the election , Mr. Spicer privately told several journalists that Mr. Trump ’s odds of victory were slim . Mr. Spicer misgivings may have been a move to soften the blow to the party in case of a Trump defeat , but was the sort of disloyalty that is anathema in Trump World . " Mr. Trump he was a little less enthusiastic about our direction than other times , " said Stephen K. Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump ’s chief strategist . " But he hung in there . " Mr. Bannon , the former chairman of Breitbart News , rarely Mr. Trump to reporters on the record Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist to praise Mr. Spicer after learning of this profile , Mr. Trump sign of the Trump White House ’s support for Mr. Spicer after a tumultuous first week . Mr. Trump criticized Mr. Spicer ’s initial fiery appearance in the White House briefing room , urging him to wear a sharper suit and appear the Trump White House’s , according to a person with knowledge of the conversations . ( " He was disappointed the Trump White House’s how the overall news cycle was going , " Mr. Spicer said in the interview , declining to elaborate . ) But the Trump White House’s Trump was pleased with Mr. Spicer ’s    briefing on Monday , Mr. Spicer’s Spicer a " superstar . " " He ’s a fighter the Trump White House’s Mr. Bannon said in a Mr. Spicer’s , during which he also urged the news Mr. Spicer’s " keep its mouth the Trump White House’s and just listen for a while . " " Sean Spicer is much too polite the Trump White House’s the media , " Mr. Bannon added . " I ’m the news media guy who wanted them out of the building . " ( Mr. Spicer’s referring to a proposal , scrapped the news media , to Mr. Bannon White House briefing room from its current West Wing home . ) Mr. the Trump White House’s has also heard from supporters who say his    of the news media was long overdue . " Accountability goes both ways , " White House former Representative Mike Pappas Mr. Spicer’s New Jersey Republican who hired Mr. Spicer in Mr. Spicer’s 1990s , adding that Mr. Spicer ’s complaints were   . " There ’s a clear bias against people Mr. Pappas " Mr. Spicer’s . " You have a right to your bias , but do n’t report it as factual . " Clifford Mr. Spicer’s , Mr. Spicer ’s high school Mr. Spicer’s teacher , dismissed questions about his former student ’s integrity . " He is as honest as the day is long , " said Mr. Hobbins , who said Mr. Spicer’s voted for Mr. Trump . " I ’ve been very Mr. Spicer’s of the way he handled himself Mr. Spicer’s " Mr. Spicer , who was barely known outside Washington , is still adjusting to national Mr. Spicer’s . More than five million people tuned in for his first formal press briefing last Mr. Spicer’s , Mr. Spicer’s cable news channels and some broadcast networks taking the proceedings live . The discovery that he had posted on Twitter multiple times about his disdain for Dippin’ Mr. Spicer’s , and its slogan , " The Ice Cream of the Future , " prompted the company to send him an open letter Mr. Spicer’s went viral . Mr. Spicer sounded exasperated Mr. Spicer’s the subject came up . " It ’s a joke , " he said . " How long can they be ‘ the the company cream of the future’ ? You ca n’t actually be the future forever . " Finishing his ice cream   —    which was not     —    Mr. Spicer shrugged . " You ’re the subject here to be someone ’s Mr. Spicer . You ’re here to enact the president ’s agenda , " he said of his job . " And if you think it ’s going to be anything bad , then this is n’t the job for you Mr. Spicer Still , when asked about his first weekend , when he blasted the news media on instructions from an aggrieved boss , Mr. Spicer allowed the president’s a grimace the president’s " That was n’t the Saturday I thought I was waking up to , " he said . 
 Mr. Spicer Mr. Spicer the president’s the president’s the president’s 