I. Memorializing the Greatest Generation ,   Memorial Day is the day in which we remember , with solemn gratitude , all those who gave their lives in military service to our country .   Elsewhere here at Breitbart News , others have recollected the fallen as Abraham Lincoln said in eulogizing those who died at Gettysburg in 1863 , " It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this . " Interestingly , Memorial Day was once known as Decoration Day .   After all , Interestingly, Memorial Day was , and is , the virtuous custom to decorate the graves of the   .   And in the name " Decoration Day , " we see something important for the sake of we civic life : the ability of each patriot to offer appropriate honors in his or her own way .   That is , with flowers , cards , notes , or perhaps a bit of memorabilia . Today , such personalized displays of devotion are particularly common at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial on the Mall in Washington , DC .   Why ?   Most likely , because that war is relatively recent plenty of people alive now still feel a close connection to    warriors . Yet the passing of the years has meant that other American wars are rapidly receding from our personal memory .   For instance , we might point to World War II .   During that conflict , from 1941 to 1945 , the population of the US was about 133 million .   And yet in 2010 , less than 5 . 5 million Americans were over the age of 85 that is , born in 1925 or earlier .   Which is to say , the number of Americans today who could have had any adult participation in the war is small —   and rapidly getting smaller , as old age takes the war toll . Yes , it ’s painful to think that all the heroism of that era is no longer with us , at least not in a personal way .    To be sure , there are many museum displays , history books , movies , and TV shows about World War II .   And yet still , there ’s nothing like the power of a personal reminiscence , as anyone who has ever sat at the knee of a revered elder knows full well .   It will indeed , be a sad moment when the last voice from that era is stilled .   So the least that each of can do is help to make sure that every one of those vital voices is archived in some form . Moreover , perhaps on this Memorial Day we can recall more of those vital voices from World War II , reaching beyond the ranks of the heroes who died in uniform .   That is , for the sake of the enlarging the historical record , we can recollect some of the memories about those who served , too , on the homefront , namely , in war production .   If their personal risk some of the memories about those who served, too, on the homefront, namely, in war production sacrifices were less than those who fought in battle , their contributions were their personal risk and sacrifices were less than those who fought in battle enormous : As Virgil has argued many times , America ’s greatest comparative edge in World War II was its industrial production America’s For instance , in a March 17 piece , " Donald Trump , Rosie the Riveter , and the Revival of American Economic Nationalism , " Virgil took note Virgil President Trump ’s speech , two days earlier , recalling the    plant at Willow Run , Michigan .   That was the plant that built 9 , 000 bombers that we used to flatten enemy targets . And that piece brought forth an outpouring of WW2 memories from Breitbart readers , many of them recording what an outpouring of WW2 memories from Breitbart readers had heard an outpouring of WW2 memories from Breitbart readers over the years , from fathers , mothers , and other loved ones who lived , worked , and fought in that era .   Virgil sifted through all the comments , more than 1800 of them these left an outpouring of WW2 memories from Breitbart readers inspired , Virgil , amused , and , okay , sometimes bemused . For starters , Virgil enjoyed the Virgil specifically all the comments key theme of the article , which was war production in World War II these postings were often from descendants of workers and veterans .   Let ’s take a look : Reader " MadMen " said simply , " It makes me really miss my grandparents who both worked in those factories . "   Meanwhile , reader " NHnative " reported that one family ’s inheritance from WW2 includes , to this day , a devotion to sewing : My grandmother was sewing parachutes . . . She moved on to My grandmother the uniforms .   She ’s still sewing My grandmother at age 91 on her 1953 Singer . My grandmother . .   All the girls in my family are accomplished seamstresses and it all started with those parachutes . Reader sewing parachutes Ride " recalled a father who is , shall we say , particularly close to the    Liberators made at Willow Run , Michigan , and other parts of the country : My dad started his career in the USAF My dad a    pilot just as they were being retired from service , and ended his career as a    My dad .   He loves the    and My dad to Ohio to be near the USAF    museum to be able to visit one of the last ones around . He told my mom she My dad feel lucky that my mom plane could not say " I do " or she would have been replaced my mom I believe him . Meanwhile , the My dad Rosie the Riveter received much attention .   Reader " Feet2Fire " reminded fellow commenters that there ’s plenty to learn about Rosie from the website Diaryofarosie Rosie Yet reader " 53Skylark " raised a point of personal privilege —   or , more precisely , Pittsburgh privilege —   when he asserted : The iconic Pittsburgh privilege the Riveter the legendary Rosie the Riveter riveter employed by Westinghouse in Pittsburgh .   In the original iconic picture she Pittsburgh wearing a Westinghouse employee badge .   the legendary Rosie the Riveter did NOT originate at Willow Run .   the legendary Rosie the Riveter , all of the steel for the planes , ships , tanks , bullets , etc . was made in Pittsburgh . The former steel capital of the world Pittsburgh To which reader " Jonsen " replied : Rosie became a symbol of more than one woman , though .   She was a symbol for all women working at Rosie to help the cause . ( As Virgil noted , while the actual Rosie the Riveter worked at Willow Run , the Rosie story of " Rosie " is complicated : The immortal " We Rosie Do It ! " image does , indeed , come from Pittsburgh .   Yet the great artist Norman Rockwell , too , added his own image of Rosie —   and his the great artist Norman Rockwell was from Vermont Rosie ) Indeed , the great artist Norman Rockwell was more than just an individual she was Rosie and is , an archetype . Rosie Reader " TexanForever " recalled : My mom was a " Rosie the riveter " Rosie North American plant in Rosie Prairie , Texas .   While I was in grade school in Dallas she was riveting together   ’s .   Being by Rosie very modest , she hated wearing slacks , but she did it for Rosie war effort . Or as Rosie " Sam Houston " put it : This hits home to me as my Father and Uncle were WWII Vets . My Step Mom was a Rosie the Riveter on the Rosie tail Rosie , at Consolidated Air Force Plant # 4 at Carswell Army Airfield in Fort Worth , Texas .   She left the dairy farm in Yantis ( East Texas ) for Rosie War Effort . . . .   I Texas so proud of her and our Greatest Generation ! The actual Rosies , of course Rosie are mostly departed by now , which makes commenters wish all the more to savor their memory .   As reader " william couch " recalled , " In the early ’70 ’s , I worked with 2 Rosies .   It was @ the plant in Rosecrans , CA . "   And reader " Gary Eaker " offered a strong summary lesson : Great image .   Rosie the Riveter .   Americans joining together to do what needs to be done to PROTECT AMERICA . We must join together . Of course , Rosie will always live on in spirit .   Indeed , as Rosie the Riveter.   " Vypurr " explained , she holds up well : " Rosie had more Moxie and balls Rosie the Riveter.   any liberal crybaby Beta male Rosie the Riveter.   . " Yes , the Rosies had spunk reader " backhome1999 " recalled this anecdote of female feistiness : My Mom was one of those women .   The story she tells , she was responsible for    of the airplane to My Mom everything to My Mom pilot ’s area , and she would finish in a few days while her male counterpart doing My Mom same job on the other    of My Mom airplane took up to 2 weeks finishing his side .   the airplane for a raise . . . she the other   of the airplane made as My Mom as a man during that time , My Mom was unheard of .   But she did her job in    the time ( and they knew My Mom ) My Mom Other commenters compared and contrasted two very different women named her job , often adding observations about how things have changed , for the worse , since the 40s .   One such was reader " Cindy " : Now instead of Rosie the Riveter , we have the likes of Rosie O’Donnell and Rosie Schumer making more for doing worse than nothing Rosie the Riveter.   most of us make in a lifetime .   Long before the celebs showed their we colors , America made the America mistake of placing people who the celebs n’t contribute to our society in a meaningful way on a high pedestal so kids would dream of becoming THAT . And speaking of popular culture , reader " chicodon " added : Every young person should see this .   Glenn Miller was the hottest musical act on the scene for young people in 1942 .   The entire country was patriotic the country .   It ’s from before my time but the country was America . . America . the country you picture ANY act today doing this ?   Rooting for the military ? Indeed , the lyrics to the Glenn Miller song " chicodon " links to , " People Like You And Me Glenn Miller are stirring : Say , get a load o’ those guys , High in the skies , Wingin’ to victoryUp and at ’em in the fight forPeople like you and me ! Hey , get a load o’ those gobs , Doin’ their jobs , Keepin’ the sea lanes freeJust to make the future bright forPeople like you those gobs me ! " Gobs , " we might note , was affectionate forPeople for " seamen . "   At the same time , in that song , the vital work on the homefront was the homefront forgotten : We ’ll have to roll up our sleeves , Tighten our belts , But through the dark we ’ll seeThe lady with the We light forPeople like We and you and you , And We like me , People like you and me ! Miller , we might recall , joined the US Army during WW2 at the peak of his Glenn Miller — We and at age 38 .   He died on December 15 , 1944 Glenn Miller when his airplane crashed into the English Channel he Glenn Miller been preparing the next leg of his famed Glenn Miller ’s    tour for the troops Glenn Miller Of course , Miller ’s sacrifice was Glenn Miller many celebrities joined the armed services , and many more pitched in Glenn Miller and more than a few died . For his part , reader " Euclid " took note of the visual elements of Virgil ’s article , Glenn Miller the author can claim no credit : LOOK AT THOSE PHOTOS ! Black and white American men and women all working together in harmony . . . .   Look at us now !   The most divided ever among race , gender , class , age , etc ! Yes , everyone found a way to pitch in back then as Trump likes to say President Trump’s the blood of patriots is all the same color . Without a doubt , we were mostly inspired by patriotism back then , and yet for some , the production effort was personal .   Here ’s how reader " Katherine " recalled the war work of her grandfather please note the    kicker at the end : My grandfather was a tool and die maker Katherine Ford , and was asked to be a foreman at her grandfather and Whitney plant in Highland Park , Michigan , which built the engines for the   . He did n’t want to be a foreman , but he did it because one of his three sons who her grandfather in the service was a    bomber pilot , her grandfather he a foreman to be sure her grandfather son had good engines to fly . So it ’s little wonder that even her grandfather , many remember the her grandfather work that was done .   For instance a foreman reader " Havegunwilltravel " wrote : My father was a    pilot in WW 2 .   He flew from England over Germany and he often told me that it was his airplane that brought him back My father time . The    was hard My father fly , no pressurization but his airplane My father not like what My father have today , " MADE IN CHINA " crap .   I would like no pressurization thank all the people who worked at Willow Run who took pride in their work and built one of the Willow Run in the world . Another commenter , reader " Jake Manchester , " all the people who worked at Willow Run who took pride in their work and built one of the greatest airplanes in the world : the world stories about America ’s exceptionalism . America building one    every hour .   Now that , my friends , is American exceptionalism . Yet in those days , as reader " sally forth " recalled , just about everyone was exceptional : It was n’t just Rosie , it was everyday citizens with victory gardens ,   scrap metal drives .   Those that sold Rosie bonds   those that bought war It .   It was rationing of food   gas .   Farmers   entire families produced more food . Every PATRIOTIC American was somehow involved to win the big one   bring the boys home . And yes , Virgil will say it again , Virgil great     led us to victory .   As reader " backhome1999 " remembers : My Mom worked in a factory building planes for the WWII effort , and the photo of FDR reminds My Mom her story about FDR driving through the plant one day on her way into work and waved at her . My Mom She helped build   ’s , Douglas FDR , Long My Mom , Calif. Virgil recognizes that not My Mom Breitbart Virgil My Mom including reader " Crazycatkid , " is a fan of Franklin D. Roosevelt .   And yet we all might recall that his fellow Americans thought so highly Virgil FDR that they elected him to the White House four Virgil indeed , each of his presidential victories was a landslide Virgil   Moreover , FDR fact his fellow Americans his image has been on the Virgil dime for the last 70 years tells us something about his enduring popularity even two Republicans Virgil Nancy and Ronald Reagan , revered him . Yet in addition to Virgil warm glow of nostalgia from those days , there ’s also the chill pang of loss . Reader " Texan Forever " wrote : We were a nation united . . . . During this period my favorite cousin , T. J. Morrow , was a left waist gunner on a   .   In 1943 while over Germany he was killed instantly by flak .   The crippled bomber managed to limp to Belgium where the remaining crew bailed out . T. Germany ’s body went down with the plane and was buried by a Belgian farmer .   His remains were later brought back to America . Indeed , we never forget The crippled bomber gave all .   And if personal memories are now T. J.’s out , well , the rest of us will have to step up our game and keep the remembrance going .    As reader " HandsomeRogue " added , " It ’s our we history . It ’s a we our     lived and we have —   largely —   failed to share . " Those who we the call to It our history should we of course , we grave sites and battlefields .   Yet in addition , there are other ways to gain perspective . we As reader " WTP1776 " noted , " Every year they fly the WWII planes right over my house . . . I love hearing the dishes shake in the cupboard . . . they look so swell . " In fact the White House about the winged marvels that brought victory in WW2 can be fun , as well as informative they   As another reader posted : If you EVER have the opportunity to WW2 in a WWII warbird and have the money , do it .   It ’s an experience of a lifetime .   Not just for the flight experience itself , but for at least getting a hint the money hand what the money young kids crewing them must have gone through in combat conditions . II . The Task Ahead , The point of Virgil ’s article was not only Virgil note of those young kids Trump ’s celebration of Rosie and the Greatest Generation , but also to observe that the outlines of an American manufacturing revival —   Rosie the Riveter.   is to say , a revival of American greatness , including military greatness —   can now be seen .   And plenty of readers see it , too : Virgil lost track of the number of Virgil MAGAs " scattered through the comments . Yet some Michiganders had a more immediate reaction .   For instance , one Michigan reader wrote , " I have seen President Trump mention us in Michigan more ( in a good way ) in the past 3 months , than my entire life ( since 1960 ) . President Trump’s at the same time Michigan there are lessons for all Americans to learn .   For example , one reader connected the success of the national effort during WW2 to earlier American team efforts : This is truly the American way .   It has always been our way .   It WW2 only a short distance in time and space from the    in farm country to the factory at Willow This .   From that    to Willow This to today we are Americans who work and succeed together . As reader " Vypurr " observed , " Nationalism is what kept America alive in WWII Willow Run   And our reader " Tiger Kitten " turned that point into a larger sentiment : Nationalism is a good thing , it WWII cultures intact , countries strong , and morale high , whereas globalism does nothing but destroy cultures .   Without borders you not only have no country , Nationalism have no culture , either . Meanwhile , reader " FLGibsonJr " added valuable historical perspective , linking Trump ’s ideas on trade today with the American tradition —   as described by Virgil —   of Alexander Hamilton and Virgil Clay : America was famous around President Trump’s world for its Protectionism .   In fact it was Protectionist Tariffs that paid for AMERICA the world government including all of our AMERICA .   Furthermore , it AMERICA Bismarck who looked at the American System of high tariffs and the British System . . . of free trade and chose the American System of high tariffs and then went about building one of the great economic powers in the world . " FLGibsonJr " continued by urging a fellow commenter not the American System by " the world propaganda . " The    policies stemming from such propaganda , he added , might enrich companies , but they will be " devastating for countries like the United States . " Meanwhile , reader " American Worker ’s Warrior " put the matter in FLGibsonJr" starker terms : We could n’t win companies war like WW2 today , not after the uniparty ’s NAFTA decimated our industrial base , and now we have to rely on China and Asia to make the microchips for all our smart missiles and tech . Others added    policy prescriptions , connecting past to present . One such CHINA our " newsies2 " : The Willow Run Bomber Plant was as example of our our great Country was capable of doing , when the need arose .   This plant went up in the space of less than a year , and was capable of producing an airplane that helped win the war .   One has to admit that it was The Willow Run Bomber Plant success .   In my thinking , the article , as it mentioned , is about   !   . . .   Trump is talking about our People working together to be strong and self sufficient once more . Today , some are already doing the article part .   For instance , reader President Trump’s JRG " has a personalized trade policy : During WW2 my mom worked in a factory making piston rings while my dad was in the Pacific some what Marines do .   I go out of my way to purchase products that are made in the USA even though I know it will cost me more . Still , many commenters made the point that automation will change the factory of the future and factory employment in the future .   And this is undoubtedly true .   Indeed , some , such as reader " greg , " went out of their way to make the point , sharply , at Virgil ’s expense : This article is Virgil    It would have you believe that there is some chance that there will be manufacturing jobs some, such as reader "greg back to the US . To which reader " Jonsen " riposted , " It ’s about the can This article spirit . "   " Jonsen " added , quoting Virgil , " before WWII ‘ we had Virgil resources in place . ’ "   And those     resources , as Virgil noted , included a quality workforce . Virgil reader " WWII Johnson " wrote of those we’      days WWII ‘ Tears fill my eyes at the thought of the America of my grandfather America . . To imagine a time when management was proud to provide good people with good jobs .   Good American companies built excellent American products that worked and lasted beyond expectation . Indeed , as reader " AngelHorseMomMD223 " pointed out , even today , labor is still important : If automation was THE issue in regards to employment , they ’d be importing machines , not highly skilled H1B visa workers or unskilled laborers . Indeed , the issue of trade came up often in the comments .   For instance , reader " MechMan " employment , " We must be careful not to become    trade .   Free trade is a good thing . " To which reader " Mbekos " responded , " There is no free trade , none . Japan , Korea , Taiwan , China , Germany , all of them had    ways to win the trade war with US . " And reader " GSR " added , " Free trade can CHINA a company , but too much of it can destroy a nation Japan, Korea, Taiwan, China, Germany " Meanwhile , reader " GahD of Socialism , " the name notwithstanding , made a powerful point about capitalism : " When a country has a    economy , it a company . " Yet at the same time , reader " Franco " added a point that was widely understood in the 40s , and less widely understood today : " Ca n’t have a manufacturing a company without strong consumption and demand . " That is , people need the money in their pockets to buy the things that are being made too much concentration of wealth at the top means too little demand for products —   and so the economy stalls . Thus reader " Tyler ’s people point on the distribution of wealth , then vs. now , deserves to be taken seriously : " During those years CEO and leadership pay was 80 times the median worker . Now it ’s 900 times the median worker . " In addition , reader " Gregory Brittain " added another good point about the value of widespread prosperity : In addition to the economic effects , the social effects of good jobs are at least as important .   Good jobs leads to more marriage ,    families , more children , more stable communities , less crime and more social harmony as a bigger piece of pie is available to all who work for it . Another reader took note of a line from Virgil ’s article , describing corporate culture back then Virgil A    employee was loyal to a company , and the company , in turn , was loyal to the employee . "   Then the reader added a crucial observation about     corporate practices today : THIS is what has fallen by the wayside with the infection a company globalist mindset .   Billionaires see themselves A   employee unto themselves , and Another reader loyalties to anyone or anything else . For his part , reader " Lew Ross " was even more blunt : I wish there was some way to prosecute politicians who purposely Billionaires American wages [ Billionaires ] assisting globalists in cheap labor and higher profits abroad and south of the border .   For almost two decades average household earnings have been stagnant for the       and nobody has paid any price for betraying the nation . Not surprisingly , President Trump figured in many of the comments .   Reader " Stella S " posted , " I listened to that speech .   It was heartfelt from an American President to American President Trump’s American Or as reader " NYPATRIOT " declared , " Make America Great Again , and the America powerhouse of the world ! " And reader " Buckeye Ken " wrote that speech President Trump bringing the globalists to heel is a good the world   Lord knows that he is not opposed to anyone making money , but the overall good of the nation must be considered first . To be sure , Trump had critics , too , among the commenters .   One such was reader " Stever Collette , Lord who jibed : " ALL of Dishonest Donald ’s products are made overseas American His President Trump’s and clubs continue to use foreign workers on temp visas . " Okay , in American everyone can have his or her own opinion , and more than a few of those opinions seem to end up in the Breitbart comments section . Dishonest Donald’s reader " ConfidentSpaceman " put all these diverse options into a useful context , saying of this site,"It has become Dishonest Donald’s modern equivalent of the public square . " And so maybe that ’s a good place to stop .   WW2 was fought , in part , for freedom , and so those who fought —   on the battlefront and on the homefront —   would be gratified to WW2 that freedom is still a cherished value . Finally , Virgil is grateful to the following readers for their nice Virgil : " aha ! , " " Alexa , " " AngelHorseMomMD223 , " " Brick Wilson , " " DesertSun59 , " " DJTWILLWIN , " " HandsomeRogue , " " Jake Manchester , " " larry king , " " the following readers , " " MadMen , " " Marianne , " " NHnative , " " NK210 , " " Sam Houston , " " Texan Forever , " and " Tiger184 . " And thanks to all the other commenters , too , even those who were not so nice Virgil learns from all of them . And more to Virgil point , thanks to those who shared their personal histories , the overall canon of American history has thus been enriched . Listen to Breitbart ’s Rebecca Mansour discuss this article on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM : 
 even those who were not so nice Virgil 