LONDON   —    It had all been going so well . Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain had just left Washington on Friday evening after a tense but successful first visit with President Trump for a    flight to Ankara , Turkey , for Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain next awkward encounter , with the increasingly autocratic Turkish president , Recep Tayyip Erdogan . By the time Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain had landed in Turkey , however , President Trump had signed his President Trump order halting entrance to the United States of all Syrian refugees and of most citizens from seven predominantly Muslim countries . Mrs. May was beginning to feel the backlash . After she Mrs. May the executive order an American issue , criticism erupted even among her Mrs. May members of Parliament . She Mrs. May accused of appeasement by a former British diplomat . Protesters gathered outside Downing Street on Monday night , and more than 1 . 5 million signatures collected on an internet petition demanding that Mrs. Mrs. May rescind her Mrs. May for Mr. Trump to visit Queen Elizabeth II . A close relationship with any American president is regarded as crucial by allies and foes alike , but especially by intimates like Britain , Canada , Japan and Mexico . Yet like moths to the flame , the leaders of those nations are finding that they the leaders of those nations close at their the leaders of those nations . While Mrs. May is the latest prominent figure to suffer repercussions for her Mrs. May of Mr. Trump , the leaders of those other three close allies have also felt the sting of public anger soon after what seemed to be friendly telephone calls or encounters . They Mrs. May is the latest prominent figure to suffer repercussions for her handling of Mr. Trump, the leaders of those other three close allies find themselves Mrs. May is the latest prominent figure to suffer repercussions for her handling of Mr. Trump, the leaders of those other three close allies a    situation , either openly criticizing the leader of their Mrs. May is the latest prominent figure to suffer repercussions for her handling of Mr. Trump, the leaders of those other three close allies ally or pulling their Mrs. May is the latest prominent figure to suffer repercussions for her handling of Mr. Trump, the leaders of those other three close allies and risking severe criticism at home . One Western leader to escape this fate so far is the German chancellor , Angela Merkel , who has kept a cool distance from Mr. Trump . In a telephone call on Saturday , she reminded him Mr. Trump Washington ’s obligations under the Geneva Conventions to accept refugees fleeing war , a view underlined by her she spokesman . The danger of playing nice with Mr. Mr. Trump come as little surprise to his country Mr. Trump allies . Besides campaigning on an " America First " platform , he has Mr. Trump argued that allies have been taking the United States for a ride , in trade , security and financial terms . While he has Mr. Trump cordial in public settings with the leaders of those allied nations , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump on them soon afterward the leaders of those allied nations " The problem for May is that Trump does n’t Mr. Trump relationships . He values strength Mr. Trump winning , " said Jeremy Shapiro , the director of research at the European Council on Foreign Relations and a former senior State Department official . " If you rush to the White House to offer a weak hand of friendship , you guarantee exploitation . " While Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump was clearly not aimed at Britain , he signed it on Mr. Trump , executive order a few hours after Mrs. May left . " You can show up at his doorstep and hold Mr. Trump hand so he Mr. Trump n’t fall Mr. Trump a ramp , but that does n’t mean a few hours later when he ’s signing an Mr. Trump he thinks at all Mr. Trump how it affects you , your politics or your citizens , " Mr. Shapiro said . Particularly problematic for Mrs. May was her offering the invitation Mrs. May Mr. Trump to undertake a state visit with Queen Elizabeth II this year , which was accepted . The internet petition to Parliament calling for the cancellation of the invitation says the visit " would a state visit with Queen Elizabeth II to Her Majesty the Queen Mrs. May " By Monday evening in Britain , there had been more than 1 . 5 million signatures , and some were enjoying themselves watching the numbers rise some real time . At a large protest outside Downing Street , people urged Mrs. May to cancel the state visit and said a state visit with Queen Elizabeth II with Washington were important , they should be cooler toward Mr. Trump people Amber Curtis , 21 , a film Ms. Curtis and friends in America . " It sends a bad message if he comes here after this she , " Ms. Curtis said of Mr. Trump . " I would n’t Mr. Trump I want no relationship at all , but he can not come here under the terms of this ban . The terms need to be renegotiated . " he Yamin , 50 , a teacher of Pakistani this ban was in the terms of this ban " I ’m so upset as a fellow Muslim I hate the persecution , " she said . Mrs. May " should absolutely have no relationship with him , " she added . " You ca n’t negotiate with a person like that . What is he he to do with the she ? He ’s dividing the U. S. he ’s dividing the world . he On Monday , Downing Street insisted that he invitation stood . But who he how Mr. Trump will react ? The Mexican president , Enrique Peña Nieto , has had a similar experience to Mrs. May ’s   —    twice . Last year , in the name of conciliation and dialogue , he invited Mr. Trump to Mexico , a somewhat questionable move given Mr. Trump ’s contempt for Mexico and his promises to The Mexican president, Enrique Peña Nieto the Mr. Trump Free Trade Agreement , raise tariffs , deport millions Mr. Trump and build ( or Mexico ) Mr. Trump border wall and make the southern neighbor of the United States pay for it . The visit was widely viewed in Mexico as a national humiliation . It left Mr. Trump looking stronger and Mr. Peña Nieto looking the southern neighbor of the United States , especially when Mr. Trump , in Mexico immigration policy speech in Phoenix The visit same Mr. Trump insisted again that Mexico would pay for the wall . Mr. Peña Mr. Trump after Mr. Trump ’s election , apparently aiming , like Mrs. May , to influence the Mexico president and to a border wall many hoped Mr. Peña Nieto campaign Mr. Trump just before the two men were to meet in Washington , Mr. Trump issued executive orders calling for the wall and greatly restricting immigration . Mr. Peña Nieto called off the meeting only when Mr. Trump threatened on Twitter to Mr. Trump unless Mexico agreed to pay for the a border wall Embarrassed and cornered , Mr. Peña Nieto moved Mr. Peña Nieto act of Mr. Trump provided a rare moment of public approval for the unpopular president . the meeting given the a border wall bilateral ties , he did speak to Mr. Trump the Mr. Peña Nieto an hour , without setting a new date to meet . " This is neither a victory nor a defeat , " said Fernando Dworak Mr. Trump analyst in Mexico City Mr. Peña Nieto " It is the bell ringing in a boxing match . " Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan has the distinction of being among the first to feel the sting of Mr. Trump ’s actions . In a meeting in November in New York , Mr. Abe urged Mr. Trump , then the    not to abandon a major trade deal , the    Partnership . One of Mr. Trump ’s first actions in office was to abandon the deal , which many considered a victory Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan , even though the pact had already been blocked in the Senate . Mr. Trump has long questioned the United States’ financial Mr. Trump’s commitment to Japan ’s security , and he has criticized the automaker Toyota for planning to produce cars in Mexico . An editorial in the Mainichi Shimbun , a    paper in Mr. Trump’s questioned why Mr. Abe was not taking a stronger stand against Mr. Trump : " It is Mr. Trump’s to understand why the prime minister is defending a president who destroyed the trade accord   —    formed after nearly six years of Japan negotiations   —    on his fourth day in office . " Given the stakes , Mr. Abe has refrained from open Mr. Abe Trump and is scheduled to meet with him in Washington early in February . The Trump effect has been felt even in Australia , where Prime Mr. Abe Malcolm Turnbull has come under criticism for saying it is Mr. Abe job to comment on the domestic policies Mr. Trump countries . This after securing a Mr. Abe from the president on Sunday to honor an Mr. Trump administration agreement to accept refugees detained on the Pacific islands of Nauru and Manus . In Canada Canada too , the prime Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull , Justin Trudeau , has had his Trump moments . Mr. Mr. Trump is deeply unpopular in the country , but his country Trudeau ’s father , former Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau , once said , proximity to America " is in some ways Mr. Trump with an elephant no matter how friendly or temperate the beast the prime minister, Justin Trudeau one America affected by every twitch and grunt . " So instead of provoking a fight , Mr. Trudeau moved swiftly to make contact with officials in the new administration and reshaped his cabinet to promote ministers with experience in the United States . Mr. Trump made problems right away for the Canadian leader by giving the    to the Keystone XL pipeline , putting Mr. Trudeau Mr. Trudeau’s uncomfortable position between environmentalists and oil producers . the United States after Canada Canada trade issues Mr. Trudeau’s as seems likely , Mr. Trudeau is expected to become significantly more vocal and critical . But to Mr. Trudeau’s avoided public criticism of the Mr. Trump , a reticence that may have helped Mr. Trudeau’s weekend , after Mr. Trump ’s executive order on immigration . Canada Mr. Trump to get quick clarification from the White House that the the White House affect Mr. Trudeau’s of Canadian citizens and dual nationals into the United States . After fumbling its Mr. Trudeau’s response , Britain got essentially the same clarification 15 Britain later , which London hailed as a result of its special relationship with Mr. Trump . Britain Britain may have been influential , however Britain the the United States already narrowing the the White House the executive order . But not before Mrs. May was attacked for timidity in the face Mrs. May by her Mr. Trump and by the opposition . Still , Mrs. May " special relationship " has never been an equal one , so some degree of humiliation often goes with the territory . As one message on Twitter , posted by the user @Locke1689 , a professed " progressive conservative , " read : " Actively snubbing the world ’s only superpower would be gross diplomatic   . " 
 Twitter 