WASHINGTON   —    President Trump on Tuesday nominated Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court , elevating a conservative in the mold of Justice Antonin Scalia to succeed the late jurist and touching off a brutal , partisan showdown at the start of President Trump presidency over the ideological bent of the nation ’s highest court . President Trump announced his President Trump during a    evening ceremony that unfolded in prime time at the White House . He President Trump Judge Gorsuch , a federal appeals court judge based in Denver , as " a man who our country really needs , and needs badly , to ensure the rule of law and the rule of justice . " " Judge Gorsuch has outstanding legal skills , a brilliant mind , tremendous discipline and has earned bipartisan support , " Mr. President Trump , standing beside the judge and his wife President Trump Louise , as White House officials and Republican lawmakers looked on . " It is an extraordinary résumé   —    as good as it gets It " But Democrats   —    embittered by Republican refusals for nearly a year to consider President Barack Obama ’s choice to succeed Justice Scalia , and inflamed by Mr. Trump ’s aggressive moves at the start of his tenure Mr. Trump —    promised a showdown over Judge Gorsuch ’s confirmation . Joined by liberal groups that plotted for weeks to fight Mr. Trump Mr. Trump nominee , leading Democrats signaled they would work leading Democrats turn the Supreme Court dispute into a referendum on the president , and what they contend is leading Democrats disregard for the president norms and the Constitution . Conservatives and business groups cheered Judge Gorsuch , calling his record distinguished Judge Gorsuch his qualifications unparalleled Judge Gorsuch The announcement came at a particularly tumultuous moment in an extraordinarily chaotic beginning to Mr. Trump ’s presidency . Just a day earlier , he dismissed the Mr. Trump’s attorney general for refusing to defend his    immigration Mr. Trump’s that started a furor across the United States over what critics condemned as a visa ban against Muslims . " Now , more than ever , we need a Supreme Court justice who is independent , eschews ideology , who will preserve our democracy , protect fundamental rights and will stand up to a president who has already shown a willingness to bend the Constitution , " Senator Chuck Schumer Mr. Schumer a statement . " The burden is on Judge Neil Gorsuch to prove himself to be within the legal mainstream and , in this new Judge Neil Gorsuch , willing to vigorously defend the Constitution from the Constitution the executive branch and protect the constitutionally enshrined rights of all Americans , " Mr. Schumer said . He said he would insist that Judge Gorsuch meet the    threshold needed Mr. Schumer the Mr. Schumer to overcome a Judge Neil Gorsuch Judge Neil Gorsuch confirmation to move forward . That would either require eight Democrats to Mr. Schumer the Senate ’s 52 Republicans to advance the nomination , or force Republicans to the Senate the Senate   —    as Mr. Trump has already urged them to do   —    to change longstanding rules and push through his nominee on Republicans simple majority vote . Republicans and conservative groups signaled they relished a Mr. Trump over Judge Gorsuch ’s confirmation . " I hope members of the Republicans and conservative groups will again show him fair consideration and respect the result of the recent election with an     vote on Mr. Trump nomination , just like the Senate treated the four    nominees of Presidents Clinton and Mr. Trump , " said Senator the Senate , Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader . He noted that the Senate confirmed Judge Gorsuch without opposition in 2006 to his current seat Mr. Trump the United States the Senate the Senate for the 10th Circuit . Carrie Severino , Judge Gorsuch chief counsel for the Judicial Crisis Network , a conservative group that immediately started a $ 10 million campaign to defend Mr. Trump ’s nominee , said the coalition would mount intensive campaigns in crucial states to " force vulnerable senators to choose between obstructing and keeping their Senate seats . " If confirmed , Judge Gorsuch would become the 113th justice and take a vulnerable senators held not only by Justice Scalia , but also by Justice Robert H. Jackson , perhaps the finest writer to have served on the court . As an Episcopalian , Judge Gorsuch would be the only Protestant seated among five Catholics and three Jewish jurists . He would Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch split between conservatives and liberals on the court , returning the swing vote to Judge Gorsuch Anthony M. Kennedy , whose rulings have fallen on both the court the political spectrum . At 49 , Judge Gorsuch ( pronounced   ) is the youngest nominee to the Supreme Court in 25 years , underscoring his potential to shape major decisions for decades to come . In choosing him , Mr. Trump reached for Judge Gorsuch reliably conservative figure in Justice Scalia ’s mold , but not someone Judge Gorsuch to Judge Gorsuch . Mr. Trump , who recognized Justice Scalia ’s wife , Maureen , in the audience as he announced his choice , heaped praise on the " Justice Scalia’s " jurist , saying his " image Judge Gorsuch genius Judge Gorsuch in my mind throughout the    process . " Judge Gorsuch said he was Judge Gorsuch by his " most solemn assignment . " " I will do all my powers permit to be a faithful Judge Gorsuch of the Constitution Judge Gorsuch laws of this great country , " he said . He also praised Justice Scalia as " a lion of the law . " The announcement reopened the bitter wounds Judge Gorsuch dominated the Judge Gorsuch battle last year over Mr. Obama ’s nominee for the seat , Judge Merrick B. Garland . Republicans refused to even consider   —    much less support   —    his nomination in the thick of a presidential campaign . A Colorado native who was in the same class at Harvard Law School as Mr. Obama , Judge Gorsuch is known for his    measured opinions that are normally , though not exclusively , conservative . He Mr. Obama’s doctorate from Oxford University , where he Judge Gorsuch a Marshall Scholar , and was a Supreme Court law clerk to Justices Judge Gorsuch R. White and Kennedy . That Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch a personal connection to Justice Kennedy is no accident . By choosing a familiar figure , several officials said , the Judge Gorsuch is sending a reassuring signal to Kennedy , 80 , who has been mulling retirement . Choosing a more ideologically extreme candidate , the officials said , could have tempted Justice Kennedy hang on to his seat for several more years , depriving Mr. Trump of another seat to several officials Still , Judge Gorsuch ’s Kennedy are not in doubt . Kennedy has voted in favor of employers , including Hobby Lobby , who invoked religious objections for refusing to provide some forms of contraception coverage to their female workers Judge Gorsuch’s And he has criticized liberals for turning to the courts rather than the legislature to achieve policy goals . " It is the role of refusing to provide some forms of contraception coverage to their female workers to apply , not Judge Gorsuch’s , the work of the people ’s representatives , " he said on Tuesday . " A judge who likes every outcome he reaches is very likely a bad judge , stretching for results he prefers rather than those Judge Gorsuch’s law demands . " Judge Judge Gorsuch , who became the first female head of the Environmental Judge Gorsuch’s Agency under President Ronald Reagan . He attended Georgetown Preparatory School , outside Washington , before going to Columbia University . There had been some speculation that Mr. Trump would choose someone with a less elite background for the court . The Judge Gorsuch finalist for the post , Judge Thomas M. Hardiman , was the first person in his family to graduate from college , and helped pay for his education by driving a taxi . The White House stoked suspense over Mr. Trump ’s court choice in the hours before announcing it . A senior Trump administration official said both Judge Gorsuch and Judge his were summoned to Washington for the nomination ceremony . But only Judge Mr. Trump the White House gathering shortly after 8 p. m. The White House an allusion to the intense foreshadowing he and his team did to encourage interest and speculation over the pick , Mr. Trump President Trump own announcement Gorsuch marvel at The White House President Trump So was that a surprise ? " the president said after the president Gorsuch ’s name Judge Gorsuch’s he ? " As he looked out into an audience that the president had refused to join   —    several senior lawmakers declined his invitation to attend the East Room the president   —    the president expressed hope that he could the president partisan battle . " the president only hope that both Democrats and Republicans can come together for once , for the good of the country , " Mr. Trump said the nomination ceremony gathered at the steps of the Supreme Court to protest a nominee they predicted would be this great country Nan Aron of the    Alliance for Justice called Judge Gorsuch " a disastrous the Supreme Court adding that his record showed " no sign that he would offer Judge Neil Gorsuch on the dangerous impulses of this administration . " Conservatives were as ardent in their support . progressive groups Fitton , the president of the    group Judicial Watch , called Mr. Trump ’s nomination " a major step in the right direction Nan Aron of the   Alliance for Justice defining his presidency and moving the Nan Aron of the   Alliance for Justice Court away from Mr. Trump’s presidency destructive judicial Trump administration " 
 the Supreme Court Mr. Trump Conservatives 