On a day when legislation benefiting women and black colleges and universities was signed with much pomp and circumstance , President Trump quietly followed through on President Trump pledge to defend the Second Amendment by signing the repeal of Barack Obama ’s Social Security gun ban . [ The U. S , House voted to repeal Barack Obama’s Social Security gun ban on February 2 and the Senate voted to repeal it Barack Obama’s Social Security gun ban February 15 .   The Barack Obama’s Social Security gun ban fashioned behind closed doors in the summer of 2015 and Breitbart News reported : The specific details of the ban Barack Obama’s Social Security gun ban , as it is being Barack Obama’s Social Security gun ban together " outside of public view . " But the LA Times reports that a ban on gun possession due to inability to handle finances would be sweeping that it would cover a ban on gun possession due to inability to handle finances who are unable to manage their own affairs for a multitude of reasons —   from " subnormal intelligence or mental illness " to " incompetency , " an unspecified " condition , " or " disease . " The Times notes the LA Times finances of roughly " 4 . 2 million " Social Security beneficiaries are handled by someone else . As bits and pieces of the ban continued to be revealed over the following months , it was evident that Social Security beneficiaries who Social Security managing their finances were in jeopardy Social Security beneficiaries who required help managing their finances losing their Second Amendment rights . Social Security beneficiaries who required help managing their finances overview of the ban —   provided the ban Social Security Administration ( SSA ) —   showed it was structured so that persons An overview of the ban —  provided by the Social Security Administration (SSA) —   mental duress and requiring help with their finances could be investigated by persons under mental duress SSA , then turned over to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System ( NICS ) to be barred from gun purchases . Page 19 of the SSA overview said : Under our representative payee policy , unless direct payment is prohibited , we presume that an adult beneficiary is capable of managing or directing the management of benefits . However , if we have information that the beneficiary has a mental or physical impairment that prevents him or her from managing or the beneficiary the management of benefits , we will develop the issue of capability . If a beneficiary has a mental impairment , we will develop the capability issue we there is the issue of capability the beneficiary may lack the ability the beneficiary properly , is disoriented , has seriously impaired judgment , or is unable to communicate with others . Put simply , beneficiaries who caught the SSA ’s attention by having someone help with finances could be investigated . The investigation would include a look at mental health and the findings could then serve to justify a prohibition against gun ownership . The Obama administration finalized the ban during the week prior to Christmas 2016 , but concern over violations of the Due Process rights of Social Security beneficiaries had already taken center stage and calls for repealing the measure were legion . On February 28 , CBS News White House correspondent Mark Knoller reported : Without ceremony , Pres Trump also signed bill nullifying Obama Admin rule providing Social Security info for gun buyer background checks . Social Security    Mark Knoller ( @markknoller ) February 28 , 2017 ,   AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He is AWR Hawkins political analyst for Breitbart News Radio . AWR Hawkins him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart AWR Hawkins com . 
 AWR Hawkins 