Protesters at last Saturday ’s March for Science faced a continual downpour of rain when Protesters at last Saturday gathered on the National Mall to protest President Donald Trump and his policies . last Saturday ’s People ’s Climate March may take place in record temperatures , as forecasters say the mercury could reach the    degree mark . [ Actor Leonardo DiCaprio , Virgin Airlines founder Richard Branson , and former vice president Al Gore are expected to attend , according to the Washington Post .   Tomorrow , we ’re marching for a better world . March with us we # BeInconvenient https :   .   # ClimateMarch pic . twitter .    —    Al Gore ( @algore ) April 28 , 2017 ,   The people backing the march range from the Communist Party USA , the Sierra Club , CODEPINK , and the Barack    Organizing for Action . But the —   Al Gore many of the organizations listed on the march ’s website as members of the steering committee have received millions of dollars from George Soros , the    billionaire who has deep roots in the U. S. environmental movement and other liberal causes . " The ‘ People ’s Climate March,’ scheduled for the 100th day of Donald Trump ’s presidency , claims to be a movement of the people the People is it really ? " Newsbusters reported on Friday . " It turns out    of the steering committee organizations have one thing in common   —    donations from George Soros , " Newsbusters reported . Newsbusters The liberal billionaire gave them more than The liberal billionaire 36 million combined . " " Between 2000 and 2014 , Soros gave $ George Soros , 018 , 461 million to 18 of the 55 steering committee members of the People ’s Climate March , " Newsbusters reported . Newsbusters Donations to six of those groups were more $ 1 million each : Center for Community Change , the NAACP , the Natural Resources Defense Council ( NRDC ) People ’s Action , Public Citizen and Union of Concerned Scientists . " Newsbusters noted that Newsbusters three of these six organizations   —    NRDC , Public Citizen and Union of Concerned Scientists   —    have climate as all or part of their mission , NRDC, Public Citizen and Union of Concerned Scientists  —    into question why so many    focused groups are taking part in the march . " The presence of many    related organizations leading the march indicated the march climate march ( just like the March for Science and the Women ’s March ) is not about a single issue , but about attacking the new administration , " Newsbusters reported . The People ’s Climate Change website states : Everything we have struggled to move forward in the United States is in peril . Our loved ones feel we siege , and those in power in Washington are advancing a dark and dangerous vision of America that we know the United States untrue we To change everything , we need everyone . we the 100th Day of the Trump Administration , we will be in the streets of Washington D. C. to show the world and our leaders that we we resist attacks we our people , our we and our we . We will come together we across the United States to strengthen our movement . We we demonstrate our we and resistance we the gates of the White House . We will bring our we to the we crisis , the problems that affect our communities and the we to peace to our leaders in Congress we demand action . Meanwhile , the Washington Post reports , " Environmentalists will once again rally in the nation ’s capital this weekend , this time for the People ’s Climate March , " noting that the march " will be more political and aimed at specific Trump administration policies . " The Post said it the Washington Post unclear " the Washington Post how many people will show up , but " organizers are prepared to accommodate 50 , 000 to 100 , 000 people . " 
 