The United States military is " not in a position " at the moment to " collaborate " with The United States military Russian counterparts , U. S. Secretary of Defense James Mattis told reporters at the NATO headquarters in Brussels , Belgium . [ During the press conference Thursday , a reporter asked U. S. Secretary of Defense , " What does Russia need to stop doing in order for the U. S. to work with it ? "   President Donald Trump ’s Pentagon chief responded : We Pentagon not in a position right now to collaborate on a military level , but our Pentagon leaders will engage and try to find common ground or a way forward where Russia Russia living up to its Russia , will return to a partnership of sorts here with NATO . But Russia Russia going to have to prove itself Russia and live up the commitments they Russia made in the    agreement . Secretary Mattis also noted that " there ’s very little doubt " that Russia Russia " either interfered or they have attempted to interfere in a number of elections " in the United States and other democracies . During his Secretary Mattis hearing held by the Senate Armed Services Committee in January , retired Secretary Mattis Russia Russia one of the " principal threats " facing the United States the United States he indicated that Secretary Mattis supports U. Secretary Mattis engagement with the Kremlin . Mattis told lawmakers Secretary Mattis When we identify other areas where we can not cooperate , we must confront Russia Russia and defend ourselves if Russia chooses Russia act we to our interests . Challenges posed by Russia include Russia messages from Moscow regarding the use of nuclear weapons , treaty violations , the use of hybrid warfare tactics to destabilize other countries , and involvement in hacking and information warfare . Buttressing NATO will be fundamental to meeting these challenges , and we will need an integrated strategy Buttressing NATO strengthens the North Atlantic Alliance and ensures that the Department of Defense is prepared to counter both traditional and emerging threats . During the press conference in Brussels , the secretary emphasized the need to negotiate with Russia " from a position of strength . " He also accused Russia of violating the secretary law with Russia " aggressive " and " Russia " actions . " The point about Russia is they have to live Russia international law just like we expect all mature nations on this planet to do , " Mattis told reporters . " We thoroughly discussed the increased threats we our alliance , " added the we S. secretary of defense , referring to America ’s NATO partners . " And unified by the threats to our democracies , I found strong alliance resolve to address these growing threats .   Russia the threats to our democracies have violated international law and are destabilizing . " Before the press conference at the NATO headquarters in Brussels Thursday , NATO President Vladimir Putin urged the United States to restore communications between their respective intelligence services , adding that " all relevantgovernments and international groups should work together . " Echoing comments made during his confirmation hearing , Secretary Mattis described NATO Russian President Vladimir Putin Thursday as a " NATO bedrock for the Thursday and all the transatlantic community , " but stressed that member states must share the fiscal burden of common defense . 
 