House Intelligence Committee chair Rep. Devin Nunes ( ) announced on Wednesday that he had learned that members of President Donald Trump ’s transition team had been under surveillance by the Obama administration , that individual names had been " unmasked " by the intelligence community , and that individual names had been leaked to the media . [ Nunes ’s information   —    which he Nunes he Nunes deliver to the White House later   —    vindicates the bulk of President Donald Trump ’s claims earlier this month .   Nunes Nunes that while there was no direct " wiretap " by President Barack Obama of Trump Tower , there was indeed surveillance   —    perhaps collected incidentally   —    of people close to President Donald Trump , possibly including President Donald Trump . Much of that had been suspected , on the basis of mainstream media reports , but Rep. Nunes Nunes new : that the surveillance did not involve the ongoing Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) inquiry into Russia ’s alleged involvement in the 2016 presidential election . Indeed , none of the surveillance had the surveillance , he said . Nunes I believe it was all done legally , " Nunes told a Nunes conference . The question , he said , Nunes why names of those swept up in the surveillance had been the surveillance The collection of the intelligence appeared to have been legal , but the leaking may have been illegal . Most of the activity occurred during the transition period from November to January . Furthermore , Nunes said , Nunes did not Nunes whether phone calls   —    including phone calls involving Trump   —    were among the communications captured . Nunes added that Nunes new information had come to light after Monday ’s hearing with FBI Director James Comey , when the congressman had appealed to anyone with new information to come forward . He said the new revelations the congressman been " legally brought to me by sources who thought the congressman we should know it . The new information the new revelations earlier the new information News , Mark Levin , and others , and which President Trump may have relied upon in tweeting the wiretapping claim Mar. 4 . Following Monday ’s hearing , the mainstream media appeared to celebrate Comey ’s statement that there was no evidence of wiretapping at Trump   —    including some Republicans , like Sen. Jeff Flake ( ) who demanded that Trump apologize to Obama . However , the only new revelation at the hearing was that senior members of ’s hearing administration may have been involved in " unmasking " former General Michael Flynn in intelligence Obama . Wednesday ’s revelations by Rep. Nunes confirm earlier media reports of surveillance of Trump aides and associates , with the added twist that the revelations were unrelated to investigations Trump Russian ties to the Trump campaign . No evidence Wednesday’s revelations by Rep. Nunes collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign has been Trump , and former Obama administration intelligence officials have said publicly that the Trump campaign not exist . Though the media , and the political opposition , had attacked Trump for his claims about wiretapping , he later clarified that he had used the term Trump refer Trump surveillance in a general Trump . He also Trump that more evidence would soon emerge . The result is a vindication of Trump ’s controversial claims . Questions remain about whether President Obama himself knew of the surveillance Trump which other Obama administration officials were involved , and whether Trump was monitored directly . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He Trump named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new Joel B. Pollak , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery Joel B. Pollak Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 