President Donald Trump released President Donald Trump budget blueprint on Thursday , an effort to prioritize safety and security for the American people while dramatically cutting other agencies considered sacred cows by the left . [ " To keep Americans safe , Americans have made tough choices that have been put off for too long , " President Donald Trump wrote in a message to Congress . " But Americans have also made necessary investments that are long overdue . "   a message to Congress increases defense spending by $ 54 billion and increases funding for immigration enforcement as well as $ 4 . 1 billion investment for his promised wall on the southern border . " We must ensure that our We servicemen and women have the tools they our courageous servicemen and women to deter war , and when called upon to fight , do only one thing : Win . " Trump wrote . The budget includes Trump Trump to veterans , as the Department of Veterans Affairs gets a 10 percent increase in spending . Trump cut Trump for several agencies , including a 28 percent cut in the State Department , mostly because of cuts in foreign aid programs . The EPA also experiences a 31 percent cut , the biggest loser in the budget The budget Department of the State Department percent cut and the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Labor are also cut by over 20 percent . Although there are over 13 percent cuts in the Department of Education , Trump ’s budget proposes $ 168 The Budget school programs and $ 250 million for a    choice program , according to the Washington Post . The Budget calls for the elimination of funds for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting as well as the endowments for the Arts and the Humanities . " We are going to do more with less , and make the Government lean and accountable to the people , " read Trump ’s message to Congress . The budget outlines Trump ’s spending priorities , The Budget more detailed Trump’s expected to be released by the White House in May. 
 