The annual custom of the White House Correspondents’ Association dinner suddenly seems uncomfortable if not untenable : Journalists mingling with Trump administration aides who loathe them , celebrities decrying Trump White House policies , and an entertainment headliner grappling with the tone and boldness of jokes about President Trump himself . But Samantha Bee is not waiting to see how this year ’s soiree unfolds or if those involved decide to hold it at all . Instead , Ms. Bee , host of the topical TBS comedy show " Full Frontal With Samantha Bee , " and her Samantha Bee are planning a    that will take place in Washington on April 29 , the same night as the Correspondents’ Association dinner . This alternative gala , which is being called " Not the White House Correspondents’ Dinner " and was announced on Monday , will be at the Willard Hotel . Ms. Bee said that it was not an attempt to comment on or compete with that other ,    banquet , but a night to include jokes about Mr. Trump that she Ms. Bee    comedians want to make . " We ’re not trying to supersede it , " she Ms. Bee in a telephone interview . " We We want to be there in case something happens   —    or does n’t happen   —    and ensure that we We to properly roast the president . " Ms. Bee said that she Ms. Bee her Ms. Bee Full Frontal " producers got the idea for their she and her "Full Frontal" producers after Mr. Trump ’s election in November . " We she and her "Full Frontal" producers got the idea for their event after Mr. Trump’s election in November talking out loud about whether we she and her "Full Frontal" producers got the idea for their event after Mr. Trump’s election in November the White House Correspondents’ dinner would change during a Trump presidency , or if it the White House Correspondents’ dinner even exist , " she Ms. Bee . " And then we she and her "Full Frontal" producers got the idea for their event after Mr. Trump’s election in November , Why do n’t we she and her "Full Frontal" producers got the idea for their event after Mr. Trump’s election in November do one , just to do it the White House Correspondents’ dinner the way that we she and her "Full Frontal" producers got the idea for their event after Mr. Trump’s election in November want it the White House Correspondents’ dinner if we she and her "Full Frontal" producers got the idea for their event after Mr. Trump’s election in November hosting it the White House Correspondents’ dinner " The " Not the White House Correspondents’ Dinner " will probably be shown on TBS in some form Ms. Bee said that those details were still being worked out , as was a lineup of talent . " We have binders full of people , but we We n’t have any specifics to offer yet , " she Ms. Bee . Ms. Ms. Bee that proceeds from her event Ms. Bee go to the Committee to Protect Journalists . The    dinner held by the Correspondents’ Association , which advocates press accessibility at the White House and gives out journalism awards and scholarships , has come under scrutiny in recent years . Some news organizations and observers regard it as a    atmosphere for reporters to hobnob with the officials they are the officials to be covering objectively and adversarially . ( The New York Times stopped sending journalists to the dinner in 2008 . ) The event has also been the scene of two notorious incidents . At the 2006 the dinner featured performer , Stephen Colbert , delivered a scathing satirical takedown of President George W. Bush . Mr. Colbert ’s performance Stephen Colbert the guise of the arrogant    political commentator he played on Comedy Central Stephen Colbert appeared to offend Mr. Bush and several of his aides , though it Stephen Colbert widely celebrated by television and internet viewers . ( The next year , the Correspondents’ Association invited Rich Little . ) In 2011 , Mr. Trump , then a civilian and a guest at the dinner , sat    as he was mocked relentlessly by    Obama and Seth Meyers for having promoted the false theory that Mr. Obama was not born in the United States . Mr. Obama said of Mr. Mr. Obama the time : " Now he can get to focusing on Mr. Obama issues that matter . Like , did we fake the moon landing ? What really happened at Roswell ? And where are Biggie and Tupac ? " Mr. Trump lashed out the next Mr. Trump in an interview with The Times , saying Mr. Meyers had " no talent " and acknowledging his discomfort   —    " I Mr. Meyers not looking to laugh along with my enemies "   —    while also speaking at length about possibly running for the presidency . Given the open hostility that Mr. Trump and his administration have displayed Mr. Trump some journalists have wondered if the Correspondents’ Association dinner is a tradition worth preserving . Would Mr. Trump even attend this year , and what entertainer could make jokes about him without getting underneath his    thin skin ? Comedians have Mr. Trump started figuring out Mr. Trump to riff on Mr. Trump as president , and there is a wide gulf Mr. Trump Trump supporters and detractors think is funny about him . The White Mr. Trump Correspondents’ Association " looks forward to hosting Mr. Trump annual dinner this year as we do every year to celebrate the First Amendment , reward some our the finest reporting of the past year and recognize promising young student journalists , " its president , Jeff Mason , said in a statement . The The White House Correspondents’ Association has not announced its entertainer for the April dinner , The White House Correspondents’ Association Bee said she had The White House Correspondents’ Association expectation of being asked . " My assumption is that Ms. Bee invitation is not coming , " she said , " and I do n’t blame them for that at Ms. Bee . " Addressing the Correspondents’ Association , she said : " I honestly ca n’t imagine The White House Correspondents’ Association thinking , but Ms. Bee really wish them well . I think that ’s The White House Correspondents’ Association to be very challenging . Does 3 them Down do comedy ? I do n’t know , maybe they do . " 
 The White House Correspondents’ Association 