JERUSALEM   —    Speaking to Breitbart News during a trip to Israel , former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee hailed President Donald Trump ’s historic trip to Israel and urged the president to fulfil the president campaign promise to move the U. S. embassy from Tel Aviv to JERUSALEM despite pressure against such a move . [ " I think this is a historic trip , " said former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee . " former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee made the first ever flight from Riyadh to Tel Aviv . We had the president go to the Western Wall and offer a prayer . I think that is incredibly significant . "   former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee said that Trump has been " very vocal in former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee support for Israel and I think that the people here sense it . " former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee I also hope with all my heart that he former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee keep his former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee promise to move the U. S. embassy . I know there is enormous pressure for him former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee to do that . The rationale is that it will make certain people unhappy . The rationale those people are , they are unhappy already . They are those people going to be made those people by the location of the U. S. embassy . Huckabee said the U. S. embassy Israel and Saudi Arabia have demonstrated that a " very strong America is much better than a weak America . This is so incredibly different from the eight America of Barack Obama ’s administration . " " The reception that Trump received in Saudi Arabia was a stunning contrast to Trump one received Saudi Arabia Obama , " he continued . " In Obama , Barack Obama’s the Trump ] saw a weak American leader Barack Obama’s whereas with Trump they see someone who exhibits strength . Whose strength Trump leadership is the Saudis front . They might not have agreed with everything that Trump said [ in they address in Saudi Arabia ] Trump they have to Trump that he spoke the truth . " Huckabee they who ran Trump Trump in the 2016 presidential election before endorsing him , Trump in Israel on a brief tour with Trump American activist Dr. Joseph Frager . On Sunday night , Huckabee and Frager went for a nighttime visit to Joseph ’s Tomb , Judaism   American activist Dr. Joseph Frager third holiest site , located in   American activist Dr. Joseph Frager controlled by the Palestinian Authority . " It ’s an amazing experience to have to come to this type of difficulty just to be able to come to a holy site for Jews and frankly even for Christians , who pay tribute to Joseph , " Huckabee said at the site , according to Ynetnews .   American activist Dr. Joseph Frager To have to do it in the dead of night , under armed guard , with the smell of tear gas in the air , burning tires along the route , it ’s a stark reminder [ of how different ] it is in it heart of Israel , where the Israeli government protects every Muslim that accesses their holy site , " he added . " In Judea and Samaria the Israeli government the West Bank ] Jewish people do not have unhindered access to holy sites without having to go to extraordinary lengths in order to be able to access these places . " Huckabee will also attend the annual Moskowitz Prize for Zionism reception . The prize was " established in recognition of the people who put Zionism the annual Moskowitz Prize in today ’s Israeli society   —    at times risking their own personal security , placing the collective before personal needs and doing what it takes to ensure a strong , secure Jewish homeland . " It was established by the late    Irving Moskowitz , whose wife Cherna continues it family ’s philanthropy . U. S. law requires the relocation of the embassy to Jerusalem . However , President Obama signed successive waivers delaying the move . The current waiver expires on June 1 . Numerous reports in recent days cited White House officials saying that Trump is not expected to use the visit to announce an embassy move . Still , that prediction is subject to change . Even if Trump does not announce an embassy move , there are    that could be Trump into place , including the possibility of David Friedman , the U. S. ambassador to Israel , setting up shop at the U. S. consulate in Jerusalem instead of the beachfront embassy building in Tel the U. S. Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author Jerusalem hosts the popular weekend talk radio program Aaron Klein " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 