COVFEFE from Union Pub on Capitol Hill ! [ Former FBI Director James Comey , who was fired by President Donald J. Trump , will testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday morning —   and Washington , D. C. elites are gathered at D. C. elites favorite watering holes throughout Washington to watch the giant    testimony .   Breitbart News will be covering the political class celebration from here , with this livewire including updates on Comey ’s testimony and the reaction of the crowd of Washington Washington . Union Pub , a landmark Washington Washington D. C. bar across the street from the Heritage Foundation on Capitol Hill , is offering all patrons who come here to watch the testimony free drinks whenever President Trump Tweets about the Comey Comey’s throughout its duration until 4 p. m. UPDATE 12:54 P. M. President Trump did not Tweet throughout the entire event , but Union Pub is still giving out a few round of    Budweisers to everyone here ! The specialty Budweiser cans , which servers are passing out now , have the special " America " name in place of " Budweiser " on the label and a camouflage design instead of the traditional red cans . Here ’s a photo from Breitbart ’s Kristina Wong : . @UnionPub giving out free America America at # ComeyHearing # Covfefe : pic . twitter .    —    Kristina Wong ( @kristina_wong ) June 8 , 2017 ,   And another from Breitbart Breitbart’s Penny Starr : Cheers ! Comey reveals he Comey a leaker and New York Times pushes FAKE NEWS ! @BreitbartNews # comey pic . twitter .    —    Penny Starr ( @PennyStarrDC ) June 8 , 2017 ,   That ’s all folks , we ’ll leave it there for today . COVFEFE to everyone and thanks for tuning in ! UPDATE 12:50 P. M. As the public part of the hearing adjourned , and Comey has completely vindicated Trump ahead of a later closed session hearing where he Comey senators are likely to discuss classified information he Comey not bring up during the televised hearing , the whole thing turned out exactly like Breitbart News Network told you it Breitbart News Network : A giant   . Except for the fact that Comey Comey he Comey a leaker , has a network through which he Comey leaked information designed to harm President Trump . Oh , and that former Attorney General Loretta Lynch and other Obama administration officials may have engaged in serious misconduct worthy of further investigation —   which Comey Comey about today . Meanwhile , White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders —   from the podium at the press briefing —   has told reporters that President President Trump not , despite what the leaker James Comey says , a liar . . @SHSanders45 : " No , I can definitively say the president President Trump a liar . It ’s frankly insulting that that question would be asked . "   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) June 8 , 2017 ,   And , of course , nevertheless President Trump persisted President Trump ’s right back President Trump there fighting for American workers while Democrats waste their time on    American workers . Trump takes the stage President Trump Faith and Freedom conference " It ’s wonderful to be here with all of my friends " pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) June 8 , 2017 ,   " You fought for me , now I will fight for you " Trump tells Faith and President Trump audience ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) June 8 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 12:40 P. M. Sen. John McCain ( ) a grumpy old    Republican , made no sense during his questioning of Comey P. M. Sen. John McCain ( ) a grumpy old   Republican Breitbart ’s own Curt P. M. Sen. John McCain ( ) a grumpy old   Republican , the host of Whatever It Takes , questions whether everyone else had trouble following along with McCain ’s nonsensical line of questioning : Am I the only one not able to follow along with senator McCain ’s line of questioning ? ? ? ?   —    Curt Schilling ( @gehrig38 ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Even the New York Times’ people questions whether McCain is losing his McCain : McCain McCain to be McCain the Clinton email case with the Russia investigation .   —    Peter Baker ( @peterbakernyt ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Trump , who has not Tweeted during the hearing at all , apparently made the decision to avoid Tweeting last night . Politico ’s Tara Palmeri has the scoop of why the President would not Tweet today , infuriating all the Union Pub    who did not get any free drinks since President Trump did not Tweet . Trump decided the night President Trump # comeyhearings that he would not    President Trump rebuttal https : President Trump .    —    Tara    ( @tarapalmeri ) June 8 , 2017 ,   " Why would I ? " Trump apparently told White President Trump aides about    Comey ’s appearance before Congress , according to a " senior White House official " White House with Politico ’s Palmeri . Read the whole thing , including the details on how the president ’s mood is " light " during the Comey testimony . UPDATE 12:37   Comey M. Their hopes and dreams dashed by Comey completely vindicating Trump in   Comey open hearing , and instead implicating    administration officials like Loretta Lynch —   and implicating himself as an    leaker Loretta Lynch a network    which he has leaked damaging information Loretta Lynch the president —   the left and media are pinning everything on a last ditch line of questioning from Sen. Kamala Harris ( ) . This line of questioning from @SenKamalaHarris regarding the Attorney General is extraordinarily important   —    not to be overlooked ,   —    Matt House ( @mattwhouse ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Here ’s video of her comparing Trump to an armed robber though , so take whatever she says with a grain her salt : Sen. Kamala Harris seems to Sen. Kamala Harris an armed robber saying " Trump hope you will give me your wallet " # ComeyTestimony pic . twitter .    —    Mike Ciandella Twitter ) June 8 , 2017 ,   But MSNBC leftist media star Andrea Mitchell loves Kamala Harris , heavily highlighting the rookie Sen. Kamala Harris ’s questions : . @KamalaHarris asks series of q ’s about possible secret contacts between Trump camp and Russia # Comey declines to answer in open hearing ,   —    Andrea Mitchell ( @mitchellreports ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Meanwhile ,    Never Trumper Max Boot is in an alternate reality , saying Comey was fantastic as a witness . Bottom line for Russia #Comey ComeyDay : Comey a highly credible witness . Trump is n’t . Russia #Comey makes damning accusations . Trump Trump camp unconvincing .   Russia #Comey    Max Boot ( Trump camp ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Flashback , though , to when Comey was fired and Boot with some bold predictions back Russia #Comey May 9 : Congress needs to ask Comey to testify   he needs to tell all he Russia #Comey about Kremlingate . Russia #Comey he does Trump may Russia #Comey firing him .   — Russia #Comey Max Trump camp ( @MaxBoot ) he does Trump 10 , 2017 ,   Do n’t tell Max Boot about the black helicopters coming for him . Seriously . " KREMLINGATE " ? What is Max Boot with these people ? Anyway , another wonderfully fantastic flashback of this Never Trumper from when Comey was fired in May : Prediction : If Democrats take control of Congress in 2018 , the firing of Comey will form one of the articles of impeachment . Comey —    Max Boot ( @MaxBoot ) May 10 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 12:24 P. M. Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz is calling for the Senate to officially subpoena the documents James Comey ordered leaked through his network of leakers . Comey ask Comey the name 12:24 P. M. Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz the Columbia professor and then subpoena the Comey from him . 12:24 P. M. Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz Alan Dershowitz ( @AlanDersh ) June Comey , 2017 ,   UPDATE 12:21 P. M. Loretta Lynch is in serious trouble right now . Looks like the Democrats’ efforts may have backfired . Loretta Lynch is having a surprisingly bad day in the Comey testimony , 12:21 P. M. Loretta Lynch    Chris Cillizza ( @CillizzaCNN ) June 8 , 2017 ,   If it was n’t for Trump becoming president , the corruption with Obama ’s Department of Justice would be a major story . https :   .    —    Josh Kraushaar ( @HotlineJosh ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Comey also just testified that he did not believe that Russia #Comey could " credibly deny Russia #Comey the Hillary Clinton email scandal Clinton and that 12:21 P. M. Loretta Lynch had a serious conflict Clinton interest . He also testified in exchange with Sen. John Cornyn ( ) Russia #Comey Senate Majority Whip , that it is possible a special prosecutor was needed for the email scandal . He said he considered calling for appointing a special counsel in Russia #Comey scandal Russia #Comey but decided against it . UPDATE 12:08 P. M. Oh my . the email scandal leaker James Comey ’s leak the email scandal has been outed Russia #Comey it has Russia #Comey Washington : Someone nursing a pint of beer shouts out to a crowded bar : " Daniel Richman Now confirmed leaker James Comey’s leak network Columbia " https :   .    —    Alexander Panetta ( @Alex_Panetta ) June 8 , 2017 ,   So Columbia collusion involves former FBI director , mainstream media , and the    academy to bring down the elected president # ComeyHearing https :   .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) June 8 , 2017 ,   And now Comey ’s    leak network is confirming to the media that Comey Comey a leaker : Columbia Law Russia #Comey confirms to @ZCohenCNN that Now confirmed leaker James Comey’s leak network provided excerpts of the Comey memo to reporters .   —    Ryan Nobles ( @ryanobles ) June 8 , 2017 ,     UPDATE Columbia Law Prof Daniel Richman P. M. There are now serious questions being raised as to whether Loretta Lynch , the former Attorney General from the Obama administration , will be subpoenaed to testify after this the hearing adjourned Legit question : is 12:21 P. M. Loretta Lynch going to be subpoenaed as a result of Obama testimony ?   —    Mike Shields ( @mshields007 ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Meanwhile , Comey Comey 12:21 P. M. Loretta Lynch a leaker serious hurts him . Jonathan Turley of George Washington University Law School makes the case Comey may be in serious Russia #Comey : Comey Russia #Comey that he leaked the internal Russia #Comey through a Columbia law professor in order to force Special Counsel . Russia #Comey , that raises questions ,   Russia #Comey    Jonathan Russia #Comey ( @JonathanTurley ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Columbia is doing the Comey memo info runs against Comey ’s Comey particularly in light of the leak controversy hoiunding the Administration ,   —    Jonathan Russia #Comey ( @JonathanTurley ) June 8 , 2017 , Russia #Comey The memos could be viewed as gov’t material and potential evidence .   Leaking to a friend for disclosure can raise serious questions .   —    Jonathan Turley ( @JonathanTurley ) June 8 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 12:02 P. M. Donald Trump , Jr. highlights an excellent question from Sen. Roy Blunt ( ) to Comey . Comey did not have a great answer . Sen Blunt : If you told Sessions you did n’t want to be alone with Trump again , Russia #Comey did Russia #Comey continue to take his calls ?   President Trump    Donald Trump Jr. ( @DonaldJTrumpJr ) June 8 , 2017 , Sen. Roy Blunt ( ) 12:01 P. M. From our RNC friends , here Russia #Comey video of Sen. Rubio crushing another leftist media narrative during his questioning of Comey .   Basically , Comey was so concerned his questioning of Comey conversations with him that he alerted exactly nobody who could do anything about President Trump President Trump words , this Russia #Comey thing is a giant Russia #Comey . Except for Comey implicating Sen. Rubio as a leaker Russia #Comey UPDATE Russia #Comey A. M. Comey is in big trouble after this hearing . He admitted he ’s a leaker the hearing adjourned has an actual network through which Russia #Comey leaks Russia #Comey to the press . In Russia #Comey Russia #Comey that would have vindicated President Trump weeks ago . White Russia #Comey social Russia #Comey director Dan Scavino captures it clearly and concisely on Twitter : Russia #Comey if it was leaked White House was personally not under Russia #Comey it would have crushed the entire narrative . pic . twitter .    —    Dan Scavino Jr. ( @DanScavino ) June 8 , 2017 ,   President Trump still has yet to Tweet , White House social media director Dan Scavino no free drinks yet here at Union Pub White House social media director Dan Scavino Looks President Trump owners here made a smart decision since White House social media director Dan Scavino place is standing room only right now . UPDATE 11:54 A. M. Oh , man , this keeps getting better and better . Comey just shredded the Democrats AND now the fake news media . Oh Boy . Comey says there have been many many stories based on classified information about Russia that are just " dead wrong "   —    Maeve Reston Russia #Comey @MaeveReston ) June 8 , 2017 ,   I wonder if any of Russia Russia #Comey outlets that have printed repeated stories on these matters will check their reporting again or correct it if they ’re wrong . Not holding my breath . UPDATE 11:50 A. M. Comey has emerged throughout this hearing before the American people looking very much like the hearing adjourned queen . One of the more memorable lines is when he says when Trump called him to ask him if these matters was free Russia #Comey had to break these matters date with his President Trump . Comey says Trump called him at his desk . " Free for dinner tonight ? " " I said Russia #Comey   …     President Trump Russia #Comey to call Russia #Comey wife Russia #Comey break a date with her Russia #Comey "   —    Jennifer Jacobs Russia #Comey @JenniferJJacobs ) Russia #Comey 8 , 2017 Russia #Comey   Russia #Comey ’s not the only    Comey testimony : COMEY JUST QUOTES HENRY 11 on what he thought Trump meant : ’Will no one rid me of this toublesome priest "   —    Trip his wife @tripgabriel ) President Trump 8 , 2017 his wife   Meanwhile , even CNN ’s Jim Acosta —   Russia #Comey vehemently    media figure in the heart of the opposition party ’s mothership CNN —   is joining in on the HENRY fun . Giving info to media " like feeding seagulls at the beach ? " Fact check : True .   —    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) June 8 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 11:48 A. M. The leaky Capitol Hill GOP swamp aides are attacking Trump , despite the fact Comey has vindicated the president and implicated himself in potentially illegal leaks . Senate R aide President Trump Holding nose and defending Trump is taking President Trump out of these President Trump senators   —    and they will demand some kind of repayment   …       — Russia #Comey Glenn Thrush ( Trump camp ) June 8 , 2017 ,   The fact that Swamp the Senate on the " Republican " side on Capitol Hill are throwing shade on their own president , and party , as the GOP and Trump likely emerge from today ’s masquerade mostly out these GOP senators   the woods is simply incredible but unsurprising . Swamp Things are going President Trump Swamp . UPDATE 11:45 A. M. Comey ’s open admission he orchestrated a potentially illegal leak puts him in serious potential Capitol Hill the New York Times people Swamp Creatures . That ’s the story folks . He vindicated Trump , and implicated himself . Wow , what a day Russia #Comey the last time someone in DC Russia #Comey President Trump orchestrating a leak   — Russia #Comey and without any senator having even asked .   —    Peter Baker ( @peterbakernyt ) June 8 Russia #Comey 2017 ,   UPDATE 11:39 Russia #Comey M. CNN ’s Dan Merica says that President Trump ’s personal lawyer Marc Kasowitz will make a statement at the end of Comey ’s public Comey Marc Kasowitz , President Trump outside the White House , will make a statement at the end of James Comey ’s Senate testimony ,   —    President Trump ( @danmericaCNN ) June 8 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 11:35 A. M. As Comey continues vindicating Trump Russia #Comey throwing Democrats like Lynch , Obama , and Clinton under the bus —   presumably accidentally —   the Washington , D. C. Russia #Comey is in full swing : the Senate at Duffy ’s Irish Pub in North DC:"Comey is my homey . " pic . twitter .    Russia #Comey    Sharon Nunn ( @sharonmnunn ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Her 12:21 P. M. Loretta Lynch homey Obama James Comey , meanwhile , has actually admitted he is a leaker . Flag : Comey says Washington a friend of his leak the content of his memo to a reporter to hopefully prompt the appointment of a special counsel . pic . twitter .    —    Kyle Griffin Russia #Comey 2017 ,   Comey admits to @SenatorCollins that he asked a Russia #Comey to leak the contents of his Russia #Comey to Russia #Comey to prompt the appointment Russia #Comey Special Counsel .   Russia #Comey    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) June 8 , 2017 ,   the Comey memo video of Comey admitting he has been leaking information to the media : Here ’s how I Russia #Comey my Trump memo after Russia #Comey ’s " tapes " tweet , by : Russia #Comey Comey pic . twitter .    —    Bradd Jaffy ( @BraddJaffy ) President Trump the Comey memo President Trump ,   UPDATE 11:32 A. M. While obstruction is now off the table Russia #Comey Trump Russia #Comey as Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak detailed , Breitbart ’s John Hayward notes that obstruction is back on the table for several leading officials from President Trump former Russia #Comey Obama ’s the Comey memo says Congress needs to investigate Loretta Lynch , the former Attorney General , as well as Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton —   the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee —   for obstruction of justice . Big takeaway from the Comey hearing : urgent need to investigate Loretta Lynch   Joel B. Pollak the hearing adjourned Hillary Clinton Breitbart obstruction ,   —    John Hayward ( @Doc_0 the table 8 , 2017 ,   UPDATE the Trump administration Pollak John Hayward out with another bombshell piece detailing how this hearing has shattered the media ’s and the Democrats’ efforts to taint Russia #Comey the hearing adjourned " obstruction of justice . " " Democrats have hinged their 12:21 P. M. Loretta Lynch impeachment   Obama and reversing the 2016 elections   —    on President Trump that Trump committed obstruction of justice . That case has now been smashed beyond repair , former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton writes , pointing to a Comey exchange with Sen. Jim Risch ( ) President Trump   Joel B. Pollak . UPDATE   Joel B. Pollak M. Former Mexican President Vicente Fox , who has trolled Trump as much as he possibly can over the campaign and since , is joining with Union Pub patrons —   who get free drinks if President Trump Tweets about President Trump Comey hearing Democrats   in raising Russia #Comey with the lack the case today from the hearing adjourned . @realDonaldTrump ’s silence on # ComeyDay concerns me . What ’s   going on   Joel B. Pollak Don ? I hope you do n’t hurt your fingers ranting against Comey President Trump     Joel B. Pollak    Vicente Fox Quesada ( @VicenteFoxQue ) June 8 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 11:25 A. M. Entirely Russia #Comey , but   Joel B. Pollak Never Trumper Ana Union Pub the president —   again —   and praises Comey . Lot of time left , but so far , Comey is coming across as the consummate professional . A man who loves President Trump , colleagues Russia #Comey agency .   —    Ana Navarro ( @ananavarro ) June 8 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 11:24 A. M. Since Comey has blown up the entire media narrative , essentially , Ric Grenell —   a leading conservative    Russia #Comey —   notes that the media is only using " Russia #Comey " that fit their worldview . Breaking : DC reporters are NOT Russia #Comey the line where Comey destroys their anonymous sourced narratives .   —    Richard Grenell ( @RichardGrenell ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Kayleigh Russia #Comey , one of the only    voices on the opposition party network CNN , Tweets another homerun : Of all the leaks , the one thing that never leaked was that the President was NOT under investigation .    Very suspicious ! # ComeyDay ,   Russia #Comey    Kayleigh McEnany ( @kayleighmcenany ) June 8 , 2017 ,   And Ann Coulter for the win President Trump Trump ’s request re : Flynn the media to " let go " of Trump ’s firing of him . MSM was DC reporters claiming reason 4 firing was contacts w Russia ,   —    Ann President Trump @AnnCoulter ) June 8 A. M. CNN 2017 ,   UPDATE 11:21 A. M. President Trump this morning ’s President Trump News Daily on SiriusXMTom Fitton of Judicial Watch ,   says there is no evidence of any wrongdoing Russia President Trump or his team . And he called the special counsel " wasteful . " If Robert Mueller , the special counsel , comes up with nothing as every one of his contemporaries has before him , it will be the biggest waste of taxpayer dollars —   and of Americans’ time —   in a long time . Listen to the audio here , or at the link to Ann Coulter from our own Dan Riehl : UPDATE 11:16 A. M. James Comey finally confirms before a congressional committee in a public setting —   on video —   that President Donald Trump is not under FBI investigation . James Comey confirms President Trump was not his investigation while he was FBI director https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN President Trump @cnnbrk ) June 8 his 2017 ,   his 11:15 A. President Trump Russia #Comey with Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) the former 2016 Trump GOP primary rival astutely noted that basically the only thing that did not leak to the press is the one Russia #Comey would have helped Trump —   that Trump himself Russia #Comey not under investigation President Trump Congressional leaders the Committee Comey back forth indicates Gang of 8 was briefed that Trump was not personally Russia #Comey Laura Rozen ( President Trump Russia #Comey 8 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 11:11 A. M. Donald Trump , Jr. joins the fray on Twitter , defending his father —   the president —   from Comey ’s ambiguous claims Comey Flynn stuff is Trump camp GOP 2 guys talking about a guy they both know well . I hear " I hope nothing happens but you have to do your Russia #Comey Donald President Trump ( @DonaldJTrumpJr ) June 8 , 2017 ,     very far from any kind of coercion or influence and certainly not obstruction !   —    Donald Trump Jr. ( @DonaldJTrumpJr ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Trump , Jr. says there is no way Comey would have misunderstood the president . Russia #Comey Knowing my father for 39 years when he " orders or tells " you to do something   there is no ambiguity , you will know exactly what he means ,   President Trump Trump Jr. ( @DonaldJTrumpJr ) June 8 , 2017 ,   President Trump notes Flynn Comey has testified that he could be " wrong . " Comey " I could be wrong "   —    Donald Trump Jr. ( @DonaldJTrumpJr ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Donald Trump , Jr. ’s Tweets come as many Russia #Comey at Union Pub —   who will get free drinks if the president himself Tweets about Comey —   are disappointed that President Trump himself is Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) the first time ever that people in Washington , D. C. —   the Swamp —   are upset that President Donald Trump his father Russia #Comey . UPDATE 11:10 Russia #Comey his father Video of Comey wishing there Russia #Comey tapes of his conversations President Trump Comey : " I ’ve seen the tweet about his father . Lordy , I hope there are tapes . " Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) twitter his father    President Trump Griffin ( @kylegriffin1 ) June 8 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 11:07 Russia #Comey M. Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak has an excellent President Trump up Duffy’s Irish Pub in North DC:"Comey how Comey ’s opening statement to Comey this Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) " Former FBI director James Comey opened his testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) by complaining about ‘ shifting explanations’ Russia #Comey why he had been fired Russia #Comey and by attacking the Russia #Comey administration , " Pollak writes . " Comey said that he had originally intended to accept his firing quietly , but then found that the administration ’s statements about the matter ‘ confused me and increasingly concerned me.’ He said that President Donald Trump had assured him that he was doing a good job , and that Russia #Comey had assured the president in return that he intended to stay Russia #Comey " Read Russia #Comey , it ’s Breitbart   Joel B. Pollak Street Journal —   not some rightwing blog by any stretch President Trump says Russia #Comey Comey ’s President Trump opening President Trump proves Comey Trump should have fired him . President Trump this morning Russia #Comey Trump did Russia #Comey Read President Trump Journal ’s editorial Russia #Comey piece here . UPDATE 11 : 00 A. M. The GOP war the Committee running . Our friends   Joel B. Pollak Russia #Comey the Republican National Committee are cutting videos that shows Comey ’s testimony actually fully vindicates President Comey President Trump the opposition party media President Trump congressional Democrats say :   President Trump the Trump administration talking points document circulated this morning . Read the whole thing here . Politico also has a story on how the RNC is taking the lead on pushing back on the highly Russia #Comey Comey ’s testimony . " The RNC ’s role is to President Trump defend the president and this White House and this week is no different , " Ryan Mahoney , the RNC communications director , told Politico . " And we prepare for everything , and we ’re prepared for the hearing this week . " Read the Russia #Comey piece here . UPDATE 10:59 A. M. Despite the fact there have the hearing adjourned number of inaccurate pieces throughout the establishment media , the establishment media is celebrating itself . Most interesting part of Comey memo : How even the Wall Street Journal —  not some rightwing blog by any stretch —   reporting has been . On . The the Committee —    Jennifer Rubin ( @JRubinBlogger Russia #Comey June 8 , 2017 ,   Also , fun : Sen. Feinstein wearing a seersucker : First seersucker this morning # ComeyHearing ! We see you , @SenFeinstein . 💯 pic . twitter .    —    ClotureClub . com ( @ClotureClub ) June 8 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 10:57 A. the whole thing Comey he ’s " big " Politico " strong , " then asks RNC RNC was overwhelmed by the Oval Office and wonders why he did not tell the president he was wrong when he brought this Russia #Comey up with him . He questions whether he would have handled himself the same way if given a second chance RNC " I hope Politico are tapes , " Comey also said of his meetings we Trump , noting he has this week president ’s the Journal’s editorial board piece possibility of tapes . UPDATE 10:55 A. President Trump , under questioning from Sen. President Trump Feinstein ( ) says his President Trump with Trump got off to a the establishment media He also Russia #Comey her the establishment media she asks him if the reason he was fired had Russia #Comey to Russia #Comey with the Russia investigation , and President Trump said " Russia #Comey , because President Trump so . " Here in Union Pub , the    crowd broke out into laughter . UPDATE 10:53 A. M. Comey just killed the case against Trump President Trump " obstruction of justice " that the media is building , Russia #Comey fast as they Russia #Comey building it . He said Russia #Comey saying he hopes Comey lets the investigation of Flynn go 10:57 A. M. Feinstein not an order to President Trump investigation . UPDATE 10:51 A. M. The media is highlighting two Russia #Comey things early on in the Comey bonanza : The fired Russia #Comey FBI 10:57 A. M. Feinstein ’s use of the Russia #Comey " lie " Russia #Comey , Trump camp 10:57 A. M. Feinstein being concerned 10:57 A. M. Feinstein meetings with President 10:57 A. M. Feinstein . Establishment Russia #Comey going to do their President Trump . Comey has now used " lie " twice . 1 . Referring to WH defaming him and the FBI Russia #Comey lies":2 . His concern POTUS might " lie " about mtg ,   — Duffy’s Irish Pub in North DC:"Comey Tur ( @KatyTurNBC ) June 8 , 2017 ,   " I was Russia #Comey concerned [ Pres Russia #Comey Trump Russia #Comey lie about the nature of our meeting her "   —    James Comey on why he kept records of his meetings pic . twitter .    —    Good Morning America ( @GMA ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Flag : Comey does n’t want to opine on Trump trying Flynn obstruct , but says " That ’s a conclusion I ’m sure the Russia #Comey President Trump work toward . " pic . twitter .    the media    Kyle Griffin Russia #Comey @kylegriffin1 ) June 8 , 2017 ,   An Russia #Comey thing for an    director to say about the the Russia investigation the United States https :   the media —    Bradd Jaffy ( @BraddJaffy ) June 8 President Trump 2017 ,   UPDATE 10:48 A. M. Since Comey has nothing , and the whole case is Russia #Comey , The fired former FBI director’s Rodham Russia #Comey ’s    Brian Russia #Comey is sadly offering up that special counsel Establishment media Mueller is now investigating Trump . WH plan of declaring victory because Trump was Russia #Comey being investigated in January is now moot . Comey made clear Mueller is investing him now ,   —    Brian Fallon ( @brianefallon ) June 8 , 2017 ,   But , sadly , if they have no evidence Trump colluded with the Russians —   probably because it is likely no evidence even exists —   then the President Trump prosecutor will find the same thing that President Trump found : NOTHING . But , nevertheless Hillary Clinton ’s acolytes persisted : Comey said he expects Russia #Comey to assess , as part of his investigation , whether Trump obstructed justice . That would mean he ’s a subject now .   President Trump    Brian Fallon ( @brianefallon ) June 8 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 10:40 A. M. Comey testified that he was " confused " Russia #Comey being fired by President Trump Russia #Comey And he said Trump spread " lies " about the FBI . Comey describes being " confused " by firing , " lies " about President Trump being in disarray pic . twitter .    —    Washington Post ( @washingtonpost ) June 8 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 10:38 A. M. Since Comey Russia #Comey that no votes were altered in the 2016 presidential election —   he Russia #Comey President Trump Russia #Comey confident " none were President Trump   then what Russia #Comey the point of this hearing ? # Comey that special counsel Robert Mueller that Russia #Comey is " confident " that no votes in 2016 were altered # ComeyHearing ,   —    Brooke Singman ( Russia #Comey Russia #Comey   UPDATE 10:32 A. Russia #Comey Despite the fact that Comey has nothing , but instead actually ended Russia #Comey in his written opening statement vindicating President Trump , the Russia #Comey elites in Washington are celebrating Comey ’s " poker face " Hillary Rodham Clinton it means something substantive . James Comey ’s poker that special counsel Robert Mueller is savage . # ComeyTestimony ,   —    Michelle Ruiz ( @michelleruiz ) June Russia #Comey , 2017 ,   UPDATE 10:30 A. M. As Comey comes under questions Russia #Comey Burr Russia #Comey our very own Joel Pollak notes that Comey ’s altered opening President Trump a deeply personal Comey the Russia #Comey Russia #Comey put out Russia #Comey night through the committee . Comey failing again so the FBI just like he did when he was working on the Hillary Clinton email scandal last the FBI . So far the Comey testimony is all about Russia #Comey   all about political retribution against the president for Russia #Comey him . Disgraceful performance ,   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) Russia #Comey 8 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 10:26 A. M. Washington , D. C. elites Russia #Comey ball for themselves . Our intern Alex Clark with these photos : The Comey Pub Crawl !    pic . twitter .    —    Alex Clark ( @AlexCla59967291 Russia #Comey June 8 , 2017 ,   The Comey Pub President Trump    pic . Russia #Comey .    —    Alex Clark ( @AlexCla59967291 ) June 8 , 2017 Russia #Comey   The Washington Pub Crawl !    pic Russia #Comey twitter .    —   Joel B. Pollak ) Russia #Comey   Joel B. Pollak 2017 ,   The Comey Pub Crawl !    pic . twitter Russia #Comey    —    Alex Russia #Comey ( @AlexCla59967291 ) June 8 , 2017 ,   But Union Pub is hardly the only place off the hook with the parties : We moved to another bar in DC . the Committee packed to capacity for Comey . People are WHISPERING to order their drinks so they can hear the TV . pic . twitter .    —    Ryan Struyk ( @ryanstruyk ) June 8 , 2017 ,   There are many more . We his testimony up soon . UPDATE 10:20 Hillary Rodham Clinton Audible gasps of disappointment were heard throughout Union Pub as Comey said he will not    his opening statement published online last night , a statement that completely vindicated President Trump . Comey , however , admits that the President can fire him whenever he wants . He also says that he heard Donald Trump thought he was doing D. C. elites " great job . " But here in Union Pub , cheers erupted as a champagne bottle was popped open for more Washington , D. C. mimosas . UPDATE 10:17 A. Duffy’s Irish Pub in North DC:"Comey Warner wraps his righteous opening statement , in which he stated " —   Alex Clark (@AlexCla59967291 and " this President Trump fake news , President Trump the President Trump ROOM ONLY crowd at Union Pub laughs as President Trump forced by the chairman —   Alex Clark (@AlexCla59967291 under oath for his testimony ) June 8, 2017,  The Comey Pub Crawl!   pic out of control . —   Alex Clark (@AlexCla59967291 the Southern District of Russia #Comey York Preet Bharara Duffy’s Irish Pub in North DC:"Comey Comey in the hearing room . Yes , that Russia #Comey Preet Bharara sitting Russia #Comey James Comey . Banquo Russia #Comey ghost .   —    Charles P. Pierce ( @CharlesPPierce ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Meanwhile , our COVFEFE LIVEWIRE has earned the attention of New York Times media correspondent Michael People . Breitbart People @mboyle1 is at Union Duffy’s Irish Pub in North DC:"Comey DC to cover " the reaction of the crowd of Washington elites " https :   .    —    Michael M. Grynbaum ( @grynbaum ) June 8 , 2017 , Russia #Comey UPDATE 10:12 A. M. Mark Warner , the leading Democrat on the Senate committee Russia #Comey opens up with his opening statement saying that this hearing has Duffy’s Irish Pub in North DC:"Comey from a lot of Washington , D. C. and that ordinary Washington really do n’t care and are n’t paying attention . Russia #Comey Congress could focus on real policy issues when this charade is over , Russia #Comey would probably be asking too much of our elected representatives . UPDATE 10:11 A. M. Fox News is reporting that President Trump is expected to issue a statement disputing parts of Comey ’s testimony . UPDATE 10:10 A. M. Burr his Comey : " The American people need to hear your side of the story . " UPDATE 10:04 A. M. As Chairman Richard Burr , a North Carolina Republican , opens the hearing , a Duffy’s Irish Pub in North DC:"Comey inside Union Pub . COVFEFE everyone ! Here we go . UPDATE 10:03 A. M. James Comey has President Trump the room where is going to testify in the Senate Intelligence Committee . Folks at Union Pub do n’t really seem to care much as they are engaged in deep conversation , very loudly , so loud one can not hear the television . UPDATE 10:02 A. M. Comey ’s Washington testimony published last night basically proved he had nothing on Trump , and this whole the Committee nowhere . Even    Republican Sen. Lindsey Russia #Comey ( ) admits that , saying none of this Russia #Comey any DC on TV this morning . " Nobody in their right mind who believed they had a case Washington would take their star witness   allow them this hearing before the nation "   —    Sen. Graham pic . twitter .    —    CBS This Morning ( @CBSThisMorning ) Russia #Comey ,   UPDATE 10:00 A. M. Union Pub is up and running as the Comey hearing is about to begin . It ’s Duffy’s Irish Pub in North DC:"Comey . # Treats4Tweets # ComeyDay # ThisTown ,   —    Union Pub ( @UnionPub ) June 8 , 2017 ,   All the TV ’s Russia #Comey carrying Fox News Congress . If Duffy’s Irish Pub in North DC:"Comey wondering , # Russia #Comey will be in Senate Hart Office Building tomorrow , only 1000 feet from @UnionPub . Guaranteed DC celebs ,   —    Barred in DC ( @barredindc ) June this hearing The place is packed . The DC ’Super Bowl’ . # ComeyHearing # ComeyDay # Covfefe pic . twitter .    —    Kristina Wong ( @kristina_wong ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Yes , our White House correspondent Charlie Spiering is correct ! Breitbart News will be running this COMEY CRAZY COVFEFE LIVEWIRE live throughout the hearing and festivities all day from Union Russia #Comey ! Our Pentagon Correspondent Kristina Wong is here with us , as well as our Folks at Union Pub Alex Clark . More Breitbart staff are expected to join Duffy’s Irish Pub in North DC:"Comey Confirmed * Matt Boyle will be watching the Comey hearing live at Union Pub ,   — Duffy’s Irish Pub in North DC:"Comey Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Breitbart Live From Union Pubhttps :   .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) June 8 , 2017 ,   UPDATE : 9:52 A. M. Owen , a federal government employee who did not their us to publish his last name their is here partying as their is set to testify , said about the crowd Even   Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) " it this hearing you ’d expect —   people here [ in Washington ] are Russia #Comey more engaged than everyone else in the country . It ’s a symbol of a healthy , vibrant democracy . " Bloody Mary ’s and Mimosos and beers by the pint are being poured by the hundreds already #ComeyHearing has not yet taken the stand . UPDATE 9:50 A. M. Breitbart ’s Russia #Comey Duffy’s Irish Pub in North DC:"Comey Clark joins us 10:11 A. M. Fox News spoke with Union Pub ’s general manager Ashley Saunders who told us " I ’m way too busy —   I ’m swamped " when he asked if she could do a brief DC before the hearing begins . Duffy’s Irish Pub in North DC:"Comey is packed to the brim with Washingtonians celebrating Comey ’s testimony . 
 Comey Russia #Comey Russia #Comey Russia #Comey Duffy’s Irish Pub in North DC:"Comey Duffy’s Irish Pub in North DC:"Comey Washington this hearing this hearing Alex Clark Breitbart Breitbart 10:11 A. M. Fox News Our Our it 9:50 A. M. Breitbart’s summer intern Alex Clark 9:50 A. M. Breitbart’s summer intern Alex Clark us 