During a radio interview broadcast on Sunday , Linda Tripp , who was famously portrayed by John Goodman on Saturday Night Live during the Monica Lewinsky scandal , blasted SNL for what Monica Lewinsky described as a political campaign to " make me into a villain " instead of Bill and Hillary Clinton . [ Tripp says Monica Lewinsky was prompted to go public about the issue in response to the NBC comedy sketch show ’s negative portrayal of President Donald Trump and top White House officials . Monica Lewinsky charged the show and the mainstream news media were engaged in a deliberate " campaign of disinformation , confusion , and essentially propaganda . "   Tripp also opened up about the personal toll Tripp said the mainstream news media ’s negative portrayal had on Monica Lewinsky , describing how Tripp banned television from Tripp house for three years in the late 1990 ’s and at times engaged in binge eating as a coping mechanism . Tripp was speaking on this reporter ’s weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " broadcast on New York ’s Am 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia . In the interview , Tripp divulged Tripp has been quietly writing a book about Tripp experiences working directly adjacent to Hillary Clinton ’s second floor West Wing office , where Tripp was afforded a front row seat into some of the most infamous scandals to rock the Clinton White House , misdeeds that Tripp says partially prompted Tripp to finally go public about the Lewinsky affair .   Tripp explained Tripp was also motivated to go public to protect Lewinsky Lewinsky SNL ‘ Had an Agenda’ During the Clinton Clinton , Tripp first served as support staff to the Immediate Office of the President , where Tripp sat just outside Bill Clinton ’s Oval Office . After three months , Tripp was asked to work for the Bill Clinton’s Oval Office executive assistant to White House Counsel Bernie Nussbaum , who played a lead role in defending the Clintons for their infamous alleged misdeeds .   the Clintons office was located adjacent to Bill Clinton’s Oval Office Tripp Tripp evidence of Lewinsky ’s phone calls about her Tripp with Bill Clinton and Bill Clinton’s evidence to independent counsel Kenneth Starr , leading to the evidence of Lewinsky’s phone calls about her relationship with Bill Clinton of the affair . Throughout the scandal , SNL repeatedly depicted Tripp Tripp played by Goodman , as a wrongdoer who betrayed her Tripp by recording conversations with the younger Lewinsky in a bid to land a book deal , even though Tripp Tripp published a book . In a previous interview on my show , Tripp Book Tripp public because she Tripp her Tripp life and Lewinsky ’s were in danger , saying that Lewinsky was threatening Clinton with outing the relationship . During our interview on Lewinsky , Tripp Tripp on the SNL portrayals of her Tripp " I had always been a great fan of John Goodman , " Tripp Tripp . " I think he is funny . And actually , in the beginning I thought his John Goodman was funny . But over time , I came to realize John Goodman there was more there than comedy alone . " Tripp Tripp SNL comedian Dana Carvey " did just amazing impersonations of President Bush . But it was just good clean fun . Much the way you saw Obama portrayed on Saturday Night Live . " " And this was different , " she Tripp , referring the show ’s portrayal of her Tripp   " It had an agenda . It had a focus . And it was the show means to an end the show And the means to an the show was to use any and all opportunities to discredit and to vilify me .    …      What happened to me and what is happening today frankly is something completely different and scary . " Tripp continued : " Many people do n’t know this , but as soon as the ( Lewinsky ) story broke , Hillary Clinton is documented as saying , ‘ Get me anything and everything on Linda Tripp.’ Which I knew she would do . They could n’t discredit me professionally because they had Hillary Clinton me many times over the time that I was in They White House . So , they were lost on that score . So , they had to make They into a villain . " She took issue They the show ’s framing of her as the offender Hillary Clinton " Quite apart from being a betrayer , Hillary Clinton believe I helped Monica Lewinsky . But the real issue is how the Clinton machine in conjunction with the media issue evil repeatedly . And frankly I do n’t present well photographically so I helped them . " Tripp subsequently said she found it interesting that liberals espouse " hollow the Clinton machine in conjunction with the media Hillary Clinton champion civil Hillary Clinton of all , want the federal government to assign gender neutral bathrooms , but were okay with SNL portraying me as a transgender villain . Their PC protections only apply to liberals . " Media Coverage of Trump ‘ A SNL of the Truth’ Meanwhile , Tripp said during Sunday ’s interview that she sees SNL ’s current negative portrayal of Trump and top administration officials , including Tripp Strategist SNL , White House Counselor Kellyanne Trump and White House Spokesman Sean Spencer , as part of a larger news media campaign aimed at discrediting the president and his policies . " Now I think what is going on on SNL is a part Sean Spencer it , " she said . " It ’s all of SNL piece , though . SNL ’s almost SNL psychological warfare tactic . I worked with special operations for many years It And I ca n’t overstate the effectiveness of this campaign that they are waging . " You have to understand that the media backed one candidate . this campaign that they are waging after she was defeated and after a campaign where the    mainstream media , which is a SNL misnomer , advocated essentially as an arm of the DNC . After her defeat , they have done nothing but double down in an attempt to take down SNL they perceive this campaign that they are waging their opponent . Because he had the nerve to actually win . When this campaign that they are waging if you this campaign that they are waging recall , virtually everyone in the mainstream media laughed on air about even the possibility of his winning . " Tripp called the rampant    media coverage a " campaign of disinformation he confusion , and essentially propaganda . " " It is a sabotage of the truth . And it ’s on a grand scale . And for me it is painful to watch because It though the president has a bully pulpit , even he is at the mercy of what people refer to as the mainstream media . A the president citizen has no chance . But even the president will face obstacles because this is an orchestrated effort . " Mocking Took a Personal Toll , Tripp described how SNL ’s mocking and the larger negative coverage in the news media caused her to go into hiding , created body image issues , and led to binge eating Tripp a coping mechanism . " I know that I went into hiding , " she stated .   " I know that I have never been a vain person . Tripp kind of have always been a pretty straightforward person . I have never obsessed about my looks . I guess I have never been that much of a girly girl . So , I was stunned at how I looked number one in the pictures . " " Realizing that I had deteriorated in such an extreme way in my years following my exposure to the Clintons . And that is kind of how I cope . I eat myself into oblivion and it shows when I ca n’t deal on any level with what that am seeing . " I took TVs out of my house . We did n’t have TV in my house for a good three years . Because I could n’t bear to see all my house and all the untruths . And it was a helpless feeling because as a private citizen you have virtually no chance at all to defend yourself . They can create the monster that they choose to create . And you are literally helpless to combat that . " One of They examples of SNL ’s targeting of Tripp was a skit jeering Tripp ’s February 1999 interview with    reporter Jamie Gangel . In the skit , the mock Tripp : " Miss Tripp , no one understands , no one a skit jeering Tripp’s February 1999 interview with   reporter Jamie Gangel one understands   reporter Jamie Gangel what   reporter Jamie Gangel Tripp You betrayed your friend by taping private current phone conversations . " Tripp ’s character , played by Goodman , replied , " I do n’t want to talk about that Tripp Not because I think it was a horrible , gutless , soulless thing to do but apparently , it ’s against the law in the state of Maryland . And they want to prosecute me for it . Big time it " " Do you feel bad about what you have done ? " asked Gangel ’s character it " What have I done ? " Goodman replies , as Tripp . " You went out of your way to betray a friend ’s confidence . To end Goodman Tripp between two consenting adults and in the process caused an investigation that cost the American taxpayer tens of millions of dollars all in the hopes of getting a book deal . " " Well , " retorted Tripp ’s character , " if you put it that way no . I did what I did because Tripp ’m a patriot . As a New England Patriot . I ’m their new starting outside linebacker . " Far from that characterization , Tripp Tripp on Sunday she Tripp evidence of Lewinsky ’m a New England Patriot calls in order to help Sunday . Speaking last Lewinsky my show , Tripp Tripp similar remarks Lewinsky She Tripp at the time : my show today and I will continue to say that I believe Monica Lewinsky is alive today because of choices I made and action I Lewinsky That may sound melodramatic to your listeners . I can only say that from my perspective I believe that she Tripp I at the time were in danger , because nothing stands in the way of these people achieving their political ends . I think that had it not become public when it did , particularly in light of the Paula Jones lawsuit , these people was coming to a head with President Clinton ’s deposition Bill Clinton’s may it have met with an accident . It ’s a situation where unless you lived it as I did you would have no real framework of reference for this sort of situation . Book it Tripp Tripp during the interview that she it been working on a book for the past five years . Besides the Lewinsky issue , her Tripp row seat during her Tripp House days afforded her Tripp to Lewinsky inside stories on the scandals known as Travelgate , Filegate and Whitewater , White House Tripp she Tripp witnessed the handling of documents from Vince Foster ’s office the morning after the Deputy White House Counsel was found dead in an apparent suicide . the White House Counsel’s contain her Tripp version of what happened and what caused me to go forward and the motivation that Book forward in the face of overwhelming obstacles . " " I mean you just do not go up against the president of the United States for frivolous reasons , " she Tripp . " Certainly , not for a book . I do think it may be time to put it out in the public domain . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular it talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Aaron Klein . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 