Asra Nomani ,    of the Muslim Reform Movement and author of Standing Alone : An American Woman ’s Struggle for the Soul of Islam , joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Tuesday morning . An American Woman’s original goal was to discuss President Trump ’s address to Muslim leaders in Riyadh , but An American Woman’s began by talking about the previous night ’s horrific terrorist attack at the Ariana Grande concert in Manchester , England . [ " It ’s a grim morning , " said Nomani . " I know so many young folks who love Ariana Grande . It could be any concert , anywhere . It It just another tragedy . "   LISTEN : " I also feel the connection to the reality of the patterns of Islamic extremism and terrorism , " she continued . " We know that the U. K. has a history of radicalization . " Referring to a news clip in which Prime Minister Theresa May said it was not known if the Manchester attacker acted alone or was part of a network , Nomani said , " At the end of the day , if it is Islamic extremism , we know that it it part of a wider network of ideology . " " That brings us we the speech in Saudi Arabia , and the connection between all of this , " she Marlow . " It ’s tragedy , more blood spilled on the streets of our world . I ’ve always been saying we our to wake up to the realities of the ideological threat that we our . " After speaking with a caller who doubted Islam is compatible with Western values , Marlow asked Nomani for her Marlow . " I understand the sentiment , " she Marlow . " I emerge from moments like this also very angry and very grim about the prospects of the capacity for our our to integrate well with the West . "   " What I say is I ’m a Muslim who was born in India to a mother who had to wear the face veil , so you know that we our from a very conservative interpretation of Islam , " she Marlow .   " I came to America . I grew up on Nancy Drew as my best friend . I was a     which many people do n’t even know still exists . I was a Girl Scout . My mom did n’t want to sign the permission slip to let me go square dance because girls were not supposed to dance with boys . I forced her My mom do so and had my first dance with a young boy who came from a Jewish family in Morgantown , West Virginia , " she My mom .   " What is Islam ? There is no monolithic interpretation of the faith , just like there is no one interpretation of Christianity or Judaism , " Nomani contended . " And so we sit , many of us we our we community , as reformers challenging the hardcore conservative orthodox ideology that I do believe is the sort of impetus for the ire of folks like your caller , who do n’t think there is a possibility for compatibility . "   " What we argue is for values that are in sync with Western values . We we Islamic theology as our we . We we engaged in a struggle for the soul of Islam   —    in a struggle just like Catholics were in the Inquisition , trying to face a church that was burning and killing their Catholics Catholics who thought differently . I just wish and hope that people would allow for the expanse that there is , that includes us we Muslims challenging that orthodoxy that also angers us , " she said . Nomani shared Marlow ’s concern that the more hardline , and even radical , interpretations of Islam seem to be proliferating more quickly than the reformist approach she she . She she her she was made more difficult by the left ’s contention that " you ca n’t have this conversation and that you ca n’t talk about the extremism problem otherwise , you ’re an Islamophobe or a racist or a bigot . " " I literally said to my friend , ‘ We need you . You have to have our We . We We n’t have you abandon us We we We facing so much,’ " she my friend saying to a friend with whom she my friend arguing . " A while ago , just over a year ago , I started a petition to have a boycott of the government of Saudi Arabia . I knew , as a Muslim , that that was not going to happen . I voted for Donald Trump because I believed that he Donald Trump going to be able to figure out some way that we could challenge the extremism . I knew that with bases in Qatar and Saudi Saudi Arabia we ’re going to have to cut some kind of a deal . We ’re we to have to incentivize these guys in a way that was not going to be aligned with my ideas of a boycott against these exporters of extremism , " she acknowledged .   " This week , in a scenario that I could never have imagined , Donald Trump went there to Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia the sword dance , got the golden necklace   —    all moments that turned my stomach as a Muslim , as a Muslim reformer especially , " Nomani said . " But then the next day , through the genius that he has figured Donald Trump , he was able Donald Trump have this audience in which he dared to Donald Trump out Islamic extremism . "   " Folks have tried to do this tap dance the sword dance tired Donald Trump did n’t mean to say ‘ Islamic.’ Well , he said Islamic Donald Trump He said Islamist Donald Trump He called it Donald Trump , and he Islamist what Donald Trump to be said , which is it needs to be destroyed Islamist It needs to be rooted Islamist of our communities , out of our mosques , " she declared .   " When I went to Rome some years ago , I did what I called the ‘ heretic score.’ I went to all the places where people in the Catholic Church were burned and killed and hung and persecuted . But Catholics persevered , and now there is a very different church than there existed during the Inquisition , " she observed . " I she n’t want to wait hundreds of years , trust me . I just want to have some hope that we can have transformation . Stand with us , please . " we Nomani ’s estimation , President Trump ’s trip to the Middle East has been " genius . " " In the seventh century , Prophet Mohammed flew on this mythical creature , the story goes   —    a winged horse , Buraq . This horse took him from a winged horse, Buraq Jerusalem Prophet Mohammed to that place that ’s the Dome of the Rock now . That ’s what my name means . ‘ Asra’ is that journey . I could never have imagined that a President of the United States would get flying rights to go from Saudi Arabia to Israel , " she said .   " That a President of the United States , and he even uttered the words ‘ a President of the United States and ‘ Netanyahu’ in Saudi Arabia without somebody throwing off Saudi Arabia and flying it across the the words ‘Israel’ and ‘Netanyahu’ in Saudi Arabia room to smack their shoe in the face . It a President of the United States unbelievable , " she observed , humorously citing the a President of the United States custom of throwing shoes to express severe disapproval .    " I actually think that if you talk     with these power brokers , who ultimately care about their bottom lines   —    including in the Palestinian territory , there could actually be deals cut that forge a    solution , that forge an acceptance of the state of Israel , " Nomani advised .   " My dream as a Muslim , as a human being , as a citizen of this world , is that before my     grows into adulthood , there will be a retreat by the government of Saudi Arabia from this poisonous ideology that has corrupted minds from Manchester , England , to Orlando , Florida , back to my home in the state of Virginia right now . It has to happen , " she said .   " I ’m literally driving right now my son to school because he missed the bus , and we my son to school just miles away from the mosque where the    hijackers preached , where they prayed , where Anwar    preached the   hijackers This is a reality around each one of us and all of our communities , we she warned . " We have to stand strong with , we believe , compassion and kindness against the reality of this threat . That ’s what I saw on this tour . It turned my stomach at points , this tour . Saudi Arabia is the problem . But it also , unfortunately , has to Saudi Arabia the solution . We have to negotiate in a way we they will come to the table and accept responsibility for the scourge that they ’ve put out in the world they " Nomani urged . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . Listen to the full audio of the interview above . 
 