MSNBC ’s Morning Joe host Joe Scarborough and    Mika Brzezinski are set to MSNBC’s Morning Joe host Joe Scarborough and   Mika Brzezinski d . But Joe Scarborough seems unable to shake thoughts   —    or are MSNBC’s Morning Joe host Joe Scarborough and   Mika Brzezinski fantasies ?   —    about White House senior adviser Steve Bannon . [ On Friday morning , Joe Scarborough fumed at President Donald Trump ’s decision to withdraw from the Paris Climate Accords by blaming White House senior adviser Steve Bannon :   President Donald Trump has gone in . President Donald Trump does n’t know anything about policy . Donald President Donald Trump n’t know anything about politics . Donald Trump President Donald Trump know anything about anything . He can get President Donald Trump and give a good speech . You listen to him talk about President Donald Trump topic and he wanders from President Donald Trump to sentence to sentence . So White House senior adviser Steve Bannon is now the President of the United States . And that was more clear yesterday than ever before . Scarborough kept returning to the " President White House senior adviser Steve Bannon theme . Mediate ’s Jon Levine kept count : Scarborough said the words " Scarborough Bannon " seven times in one minute : President Bannon White House senior adviser Steve Bannon the wrong side of the majority . President Bannon may White House senior adviser Steve Bannon when President Bannon is looking White House senior adviser Steve Bannon Bannon ’s primary base White House senior adviser Steve Bannon President Bannon is looking at the overall White House senior adviser Steve Bannon American voters    …      President Bannon ’s not even reading the polls White House senior adviser Steve Bannon today .    …      Again , a small subset of the population that President Bannon ’s obsessed with . The " President White House senior adviser Steve Bannon meme is one that gained traction on the left , several weeks ago , in what seemed to be a deliberate effort to tweak President Trump , and provoke him to sideline Bannon . The media congratulated themselves when they thought they President Trump achieved just that , and looked forward The media Bannon The media supposedly The media departure from the administration . Along White House senior adviser Steve Bannon , some of them began to believe their own malicious propaganda . Now that they have failed The media and that Bannon some of them to play a critical role , some of them is returning White House senior adviser Steve Bannon the same theme , apparently hoping that repeating the phrase " President Bannon ! " like a kind of magic incanation will cause him to disappear . Alternatively , Scarborough ’s behavior is involuntary White House senior adviser Steve Bannon the sign of far deeper emotional attachment . Scarborough Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in Joel B. Pollak . He is the    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution Joel B. Pollak is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 The Inside Story of a Revolution 