Rep. Luis Gutierrez (   ) made the rounds on MSBNC and CNN , dismissing President Donald Trump ’s offer to help Chicago end gun violence , and blaming the NRA for the death and mayhem currently marring the Windy City . [ Rep. Luis Gutierrez (  ) was reacting to President Donald Trump description of the " carnage " in Chicago Chicago Rep. Luis Gutierrez (  ) pledge to intervene federally if city leaders fail to stop the Chicago end gun violence On January 24 Trump President Donald Trump :   If Chicago Chicago n’t fix the horrible " carnage " going on , 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings ( up 24 % from 2016 ) I will send in the Feds !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 25 , 2017 ,   The following day , Gutierrez appeared on All In With Chris Hayes and said , " [ President Trump ] tweets about the " carnage " and that he ’s Gutierrez to send the feds the Feds Did he send any Gutierrez money for police officers ? We could use that , for training . " He noted that Gutierrez is increasing President Trump number of Border Patrol agents on the southern border and said Chicago would like to have more federal agents —   ATF and FBI —   in the city as well . Then Gutierrez said : But   …     [ President Trump is ] with the NRA . The NRA that the NRA is ]   …     so part of his relationship . You know that NRA him ? It crippled the laws the NRA the city the NRA Chicago and the courts , so that we can not keep guns off our streets . The next day Gutierrez we on CNN , where he was again asked about Trump ’s Gutierrez carnage " assessment and his pledge to send in the feds Gutierrez Chicago city leaders fail to end the Chicago . Gutierrez said : Here ’s the hypocrisy Gutierrez it all . The fact is , Donald Trump loves the NRA . And during his campaign he embraced them and they Donald Trump him Donald Trump The his campaign of his campaign had Donald Trump of the most stringent Chicago control laws , how were they eviscerated ? Because the NRA funded his campaign against our gun the NRA . Gutierrez ignores the fact that Chicago had some its highest annual murder Chicago while all Chicago city ’s gun controls were place . For example , the Chicago Police Department reports 921 murders during 1991 , 940 during 1992 . 850 during 2993 , and 930 during 1994 . These excessively high murder numbers all occurred while Chicago ’s ban on handgun ownership was Chicago . Viewed in this light , the 762 murders CNN reported for 2016 were a far cry from some of the murder numbers witnessed while Chicago ’s most " stringent gun controls " Chicago effect . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He is also the political analyst Breitbart News American Radio AWR Hawkins Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at AWR Hawkins . com . 
 AWR Hawkins 