Texas leaders and farm owners secured a victory in the battle against the Bureau of Land Management ’s ( BLM ) attempted land grab along the banks of the Red River . BLM) announced it is BLM) the surveys ordered during the Obama Administration to justify the attempted takeover of 90 , 000 acres of land . [ The BLM BLM) BLM) admitted in a letter issued on March 29 ( attached below ) that it used an BLM) incorrect methodology " in its justification for BLM) attempted taking of land that had been in the possession of many Texas landowners for generations . " Having reviewed this deposition testimony and other new information , the BLM believes BLM) BLM) was used in error and may have caused errors in identifying the location of the Gradient Boundary , " Acting Cadastral Survey Chief Stephen Beyerlein wrote in the letter .   " The BLM ’s admission BLM) BLM) methodology in these BLM) and the decision to suspend the surveys is welcome news , " U. S. Representative Mac Thornberry ( ) said in a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas . " The portions of the river that the agency has surveyed strayed widely from the accepted gradient boundary survey method established by the Supreme Court in Oklahoma v. Texas . It is encouraging that the BLM has admitted their error and that all administrative action will be suspended until the matter is resolved . I will continue working with the landowners , local and state officials , and Senator Cornyn ( ) until this issue is resolved once and for all . " Thornberry is the author of the " Red River Gradient Boundary Survey Act " which passed earlier this year . Texas farmers applauded the action by the BLM . " We ’re pleased the Bureau of Texas farmers Management has done the right thing by admitting that the land surveys do not take the movement of the Red River into consideration , " Texas Farm Bureau ( TFB ) President Russell Boening said in a written statement . " TFB has been involved in this situation for years . We take it very seriously when government decides that private property no longer belongs to those who have purchased , paid taxes and hold titles to it . " " When this was brought to our attention by TFB member Tommy We , we knew we had to act We " We said . " We sent a video crew to We ’s place to document his fight for family land along Tommy’s river . That video went viral and brought a video crew to the situation . " Following a tip from    Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller , Breitbart Texas initially brought national attention to the issue that the BLM ’s actions threatened landowners like Tommy Henderson whose family owned some of this land for generations . " Several local news outlets had written about the issue , " BLM Spokesman Paul the issue that the BLM’s actions threatened landowners like Tommy Henderson whose family owned some of this land for generations Breitbart Texas at the time . " Breitbart Texas Breitbart wrote about it , I called Washington and Breitbart , ‘ This thing is going to blow up now . ’ " And blow up it did . The following day , many national This thing picked up the story and ran with it .    Attorney General Greg Abbott said , the story an exclusive interview with Breitbart Texas the next day , " " Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas to go to the Red River and raise a ‘ Come and Take It’ flag to tell the feds to stay out of Texas . " He fired off a letter to    Texas Neil Kornze Attorney General Greg Abbott answers on the issue .    BLM responded they were n’t taking the land because " It is The BLM ours . " Texas’ leadership including    General Greg Abbott ,   . Governor David Dewhurst ,    Land Office Commissioner Jerry Patterson , and State Senator Craig Estes (   Falls ) joined with Texas’ U. S. Senators , John Cornyn and Ted Cruz , and U. S. Rep. Mac Thornberry to try to get the BLM to release the land back to the Texans who had believed they   Land Office land , in some cases for many generations Texas’ U. S. Senators, John Cornyn and Ted Cruz, and U. S. Rep. Mac Thornberry Then   Land Office Perry weighed in on the issue in May when he said the " the federal government already owns too much land Governor Rick Perry " Following the BLM ’s announcement ,    Abbott said , " The BLM the BLM the BLM been hostile to landowners and their property rights the BLM the BLM ’m pleased an end has come to this unconscionable landowners and their property rights grab . ( This ) decision by the Trump administration is a victory for Texas landowners along the Red River and for our constitutional rights . " Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton filed a lawsuit in federal court in November 2015 challenging Texas federal encroachment on Texas land . " The borders of any state are a fundamental expression of its Texas , and are established through extensive surveys and legal precedent , " Paxton The borders of any state at the time in a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas . " We Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton not allow the federal government to arbitrarily infringe upon Texas land and undermine the private property rights of our citizens . The federal government Texas land the law and recognize our correct borders , consistent with decisions the federal government S. Supreme Court defining the boundary formed by the federal government Red River . " The following month , Texas General Land Office Commiccioner George P. Bush also joined in the lawsuit defending the Texas landowners . Paxton praised the decision made this week by the BLM to back Texas on the land grab issue . " This latest action by the Trump administration protects the property rights of Texans as defined by the U. S. Supreme Court and prevents the federal government from infringing upon Texas’ sovereign borders , " the Texas AG said in a written statement . " It was our contention all along that the BLM ’s surveys were conducted improperly and unlawfully . We will vigilantly the Texas AG Texas’ border from federal overreach the BLM " The BLM has suspended all administrative actions regarding these 90 , 000 acres of sovereign Texas land , the BLM stated . In August 2015 , Tommy Henderson won his personal battle with the BLM over the acreage his family lost in a federal lawsuit . He regained Tommy Henderson ownership and control the BLM land after being forced Tommy Henderson pay a " statutorily required payment of Tommy Henderson 1 . 25 per acre , " for the land his family had owned since 1904 . In response to this week ’s action by the BLM , Henderson told his family , " The fight ’s not over yet , but we ’ve made a pretty good step . We have to get this fixed , so BLM never comes back again the TFB tries this . " Bob Price serves the TFB associate editor and senior political news contributor the BLM Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook .  
 Bob Price Bob Price Breitbart Texas 