Rapper Waka Flocka Flame showed fans enjoying Rapper Waka Flocka Flame concert in Athens , Georgia this week what Rapper Waka Flocka Flame really thinks about Donald Trump   —    by pausing the show to wipe Rapper Waka Flocka Flame butt with a jersey bearing the   ’s name . [ Video captured by a fan at the Georgia Theatre shows the rapper and former presidential candidate   —    real name Juaquin James Malphurs   —    pausing the show to inspect a jersey another fan had held up .   " Throw that sh*t up here , " Flame instructs the audience after identify the object as a Trump jersey . [ Warning : Clip contains nudity ] A fan showed @WakaFlocka a trump jersey while @WakaFlocka was performing . Here ’s what Flocka thought about it .. # georgiatheatre pic . twitter .    —    Dro ( @LifeofDro ) January 17 , 2017 ,   @WakaFlocka proceeded to wipe @WakaFlocka bare butt with a trump jersey before throwing it a trump jersey on the stage and exclaiming , ‘ F*ck Trump . " The    rapper was mostly silent during the 2016 presidential campaign , but did draw attention when he The   rapper in November that he The   rapper n’t wait for America to get its America black president , " because Obama do n’t count . " He The   rapper issued a    tweet clarifying the comment . In April 2015 , Flame announced his The   rapper presidential candidacy with a campaign video produced for Rolling Stone . The rapper and his The   rapper mate , DJ Whoo Kid , promised to immediately legalize marijuana nationwide , outlaw walking in public for those with feet over Size 13 and focus on education reform . " Education is important . We need to start teaching these kids more reality , skills , traits , " he The   rapper in his The   rapper video . " So we We gon na teach the these kids reality skills , and they got these kids learn my lyrics before they get these kids of school , or else they f*cking these kids and they got these kids start from third grade all over again to twelfth . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 