House Intelligence Committee Chair Rep. Devin Nunes announced Wednesday that members of President Donald Trump ’s transition team , including the    were " incidentally " surveilled by the intelligence community , additional names of the transition team were " unmasked , " and that the information was not obtained in relation to Russia . [ House Intelligence Committee Chair Rep. Devin Nunes recalled House Intelligence Committee Chair Rep. Devin Nunes recent confirmation that information on members of the transition team had been incidentally collected by the intelligence community on numerous occasions . " Details about U. S. persons associated with the incoming administration , details with little or no apparent foreign intelligence value , were widely disseminated in intelligence community reporting . "   " Third , I have confirmed that additional names of President Donald Trump transition team members were unmasked , " said Nunes . When later asked by reporters if the President was also included in the incidental collection of information , Nunes replied , " Yes Nunes " In response to another reporter , Nunes said " it ’s Nunes " that President Donald Trump personal communication was collected . Rep. Nunes later went on to Nunes " dozens " of reports he has seen thus far , " Nunes have seen intelligence reports that clearly show that the    and his team were , I guess , Nunes least monitored and disseminated out in intelligence in what appears to be   …     intelligence reporting channels . " He added that he is , however Nunes awaiting further Nunes . The representative ’s fourth point was emphatic , "   …     none of this surveillance was related to Russia or the investigation of Russian activities or of the Trump team . " He made his team House Intelligence Nunes will investigate surveillance of Trump associates and subsequent dissemination of information gathered . Trump stated that the goal is to Nunes : Who was aware of it , Why it was not disclosed to Congress the goal Who requested the goal authorized the additional unmasking , Whether anyone directed the intelligence community to focus on Trump associates , Whether any laws , regulations , Trump procedures were violated , Nunes said that he believes the collection was done legally , but Nunes remain as to unmasking and the dissemination list of information collected during the transition during the months of November , December , and January . Rep. Nunes characterized the information that was collected as Nunes lot of it appears like it was   …     it was essentially a lot of information on the    and his transition team and what they were doing . "    said he has asked the Directors of FBI , Nunes , Nunes CIA to " expeditiously comply " with his March 15 letter and provide a full account of Nunes surveillance activities . Nunes called the NSA very , very helpful . He expects additional NSA come on Friday . Rep. Nunes Nunes he has not seen any information that has Nunes do with Nunes or the Russian investigation . He said that while he expects more information and did not make Nunes absolute determination on Nunes the information was collected , " It was not criminal , it more information , foreign surveillance is what it looked like to me , but let ’s wait until we get all the information Nunes " " This appears foreign surveillance be all foreign surveillance collected foreign intelligence under FISA , where there was incidental collection that then ended up in reporting channels and that was widely disseminated , " said Nunes . Rep. Nunes said he was surprised and alarmed by the discovery of this Nunes " because Nunes went through this about a year and all the information ago as it related to members of Congress   …     " Nunes stated that he would travel to the White House in the afternoon to share Nunes new information Nunes has with President Trump . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 Nunes 