Conservative street artist Sabo has struck again , this time with a series of posters mocking the upcoming Academy Awards that Conservative street artist Sabo plastered all over Hollywood with just 48 hours to go until the big show . [ The Los      " rebel artist " shared photographs of Conservative street artist Sabo handiwork on Conservative street artist Sabo Twitter page Friday the work includes a poster with a quote from the Quentin Tarantino film True Romance : " All those assholes make are unwatchable movies from unreadable books . "   DISCOUNTING HOLLYWOOD by SABO https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    unsavoryagents ( @unsavoryagents ) February 24 , 2017 ,   Another one of SABO ’s posters was pasted onto a Redbox movie rental kiosk : " Yeah ! We would n’t have paid full price to watch any Oscar nominated movies either , " reads the caption . In a post on his website , the artist wrote that it was " out of touch actors who rail against my political beliefs " that served as the inspiration for the latest work , which his calls , " Discounting Hollywood . " " Shia LaBeouf , Bryan Cranston , Cher , Madonna , Ashley Judd , Matt Damon , Ben Affleck    …      I could go on all day , have shot their mouths off long enough calling people like myself every vile name in the book , again and again , and again , and again , " Sabo wrote . " I used to really love movies and the occasional tv show but not so much these days . I ‘ discount’ what goes on in them these days more than ever . " The artist cited a recent Hollywood Reporter poll that found that 60 percent of Americans can not name one nominee for Best Picture . " What this tells me is America for the most part is more and more discounting what ’s coming out of Hollywood Hollywood " he The artist . " And I ’m sure many who do eventually watch movies are waiting for them movies show up on RedBox because $ 1 . 50 is all they movies they movies worth .    " Sabo told The artist Hollywood Reporter Hollywood Friday that he hopes The artist posters will remain up outside the Dolby Theater ahead of Sunday night ’s ceremony . " These pieces look so legit no one is thinking to take them down These pieces " he told The artist outlet . " It almost looks like a real Redbox ad . " Sabo repeatedly The artist his artwork The artist the streets of Los Angeles to skewer celebrities and liberal politicians during the 2016 presidential election . In August , the artist The artist Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and actor Leonardo DiCaprio with " money laundering " street art after the election , the 2016 presidential election fake The artist   on bus benches that mocked celebrities’ promises to leave the country if Trump won . He has also The artist artwork to mock Hollywood ’s vehement opposition to Trump , and to Trump Iran nuclear deal .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 