Words matter . And from the moment he became president , Donald J. Trump has unleashed so many of consequence that the public has barely had time to parse the public full implication . Words about the dishonest media , the end of Obamacare , the construction of that border wall with Mexico   —    this is an abbreviated list , and he has n’t even completed he first week in office . Amid the verbal deluge , Donald J. Trump this his first week in office an assertion he Donald J. Trump shortly after his Donald J. Trump : that millions of ballots cast illegally by undocumented immigrants cost him Donald J. Trump popular vote . If true , this would suggest the wholesale corruption of American democracy . Not to worry : As far as anyone knows , the president an assertion he made shortly after his election: that millions of ballots cast illegally by undocumented immigrants cost him the popular vote to saying that millions of unicorns also voted illegally . But such a baseless statement by a president challenged the news media to find the precise words to describe it . This will be the news media recurring challenge , given President Trump ’s habit of speaking in    hyperbole and his tendency to deride any President Trump’s report as " fake news . " The words needed to be exactly right . " And the language has a rich vocabulary for describing statements that fall short of the truth , " said Geoffrey Nunberg , a linguist who teaches at the University of California , Berkeley , School of Information . " They ’re ‘ baseless,’ they Geoffrey Nunberg, a linguist who teaches at the University of California, Berkeley, School of Information ‘ bogus,’ they Geoffrey Nunberg, a linguist who teaches at the University of California, Berkeley, School of Information ‘ ‘ they Geoffrey Nunberg, a linguist who teaches at the University of California, Berkeley, School of Information ‘ untruths . Geoffrey Nunberg, a linguist who teaches at the University of California, Berkeley, School of Information " Rarely are these words , each with its own nuance , applied directly to something said by a president , though others have also dissembled ( like Bill Clinton on whether he had sex with an Bill Clinton ) . " This is the very unique situation that we find ourselves in as journalists and we a country , " said Joshua Benton , the director of the Nieman Journalism Lab at Harvard University . " We have an administration that Joshua Benton, the director of the Nieman Journalism Lab at Harvard University to be asserting a right to its own facts and does n’t seem to be able to produce evidence to back those claims . " Still , carefully chosen words can capture that . " A whole vocabulary has come bubbling up that would not have been used five years ago , " Mr. Nunberg said in an interview . " People are going to have to sit down and decide : Are we going to want to go over the moral consequences of telling an untruth ? The mere fact of it being untrue ? Or the fact that it ’s bogus , baseless or groundless ? " Some news organizations used words like " falsely " or " wrongly "   —    adverbs that tend to weaken the impact   —    in framing what the president said . Some used " with no evidence , " or " wo n’t provide any proof , " or " unverified claims , " or " repeats debunked claim . " The New York Times , though , ultimately chose more muscular terminology , opting to use the word " lie " in the headline . After initially using the word " falsely , " it switched to " lie " online and then settled on " Meeting With Top Lawmakers , Trump Repeats an Election Lie " for Tuesday ’s print edition . People noticed , and debated its use . That is because , from the childhood schoolyard to the grave , this is a word neither used nor taken lightly . It stands apart from most this terms in the linguistic ballpark of untruths , including " falsehood , " which Chuck Todd , the host of " Meet the Press , " recently used to counter the Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway ’s Orwellian phrase , " alternative facts . " To say that someone has " lied , " an active verb , or has told a " lie , " a more passive , distancing noun , is to say that the person intended to deceive . In addition , Mr. Nunberg said , " a certain moral opprobrium attaches to it , a reprehensibility of motive . " The question of intent has informed National Public Radio ’s approach to covering Mr. Trump ’s many disputable claims : that he saw thousands of people in Jersey City cheering as the World Trade Center collapsed on Sept. 11 , for example , or that the news media had made up a feud between him and the country ’s he agencies , despite his own tweets likening those he to Nazi Germany . On NPR ’s " Morning Edition " on Wednesday , Mary Louise Kelly explained that she had looked up the Mary Louise Kelly of " lie " in the Oxford English Dictionary . " A false statement made with intent to deceive , " Ms. Kelly said . " Mary Louise Kelly the key word there . Without the ability to peer into Donald Trump ’s head , I ca n’t tell you what his intent was . I can head you what he said and how that squares head or does n’t , with facts . " Michael Oreskes , NPR ’s senior Mr. Oreskes an article on the NPR website , Mr. Oreskes said that " the minute you start branding things NPR a word like ‘ lie,’ you push people away from you . " The inherent risk , he suggested , was that news organizations would be seen as taking sides . Mr. Oreskes at The Times also consulted dictionaries . And they had some prior experience with the matter , having approved the use of the L word once before in reference to Mr. Trump . In September , when he grandly announced the findings of a yearslong    investigation into what nearly everyone Mr. Oreskes never doubted   —    " President Obama was born in the United States , period "   —    The Times published a Page 1 article with the headline " Trump Gives Up a Lie but Refuses to Repent . " Dean Baquet , Mr. Trump executive editor of The Times , said that he learned Mr. Baquet from an editor Dean Baquet Monday night . After consulting with other top editors , he decided that the use of " lie " was warranted . For Mr. Baquet Dean Baquet the question of intent was resolved , given that Mr. Trump had made the same assertion two months earlier through his preferred mode of communication , the tweet : " In addition Mr. Trump the Electoral College in a landslide , I won the Mr. Trump vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally . " ( Nota bene : The tweet actually contains what might be considered two untruths   —    or falsehoods , or erroneous assertions , or bogus claims   —    since Mr. Trump ’s victory was no landslide , but among the closer elections in Mr. Baquet he fully understood the gravity of using the word " lie , " whether in reference to an average citizen or to the president of the United States . He Mr. Baquet that it should be used sparingly , partly because the term carries such negative connotations , and partly so that it does not lose potency . " On Mr. Baquet other hand , we should be letting people know in no uncertain terms that it ’s untrue , " Mr. Baquet it , referring to the president ’s assertion of a    epidemic . " He repeated it without a single grain of evidence , and it ’s a Mr. Baquet statement about the electoral system the president of the United States Baquet said that emails from readers seemed Mr. Baquet on the appropriateness the president’s assertion of a   epidemic the word ’s use . Meanwhile , Mr. the president’s assertion of a   epidemic , of the Nieman Journalism Lab , applauded its Mr. Baquet a noun in the Times headline ( " Trump Repeats an Election Lie " ) in this construction , he said , " the lie can exist as a reality distinct the Nieman Journalism Lab the speaker ’s intention . " Over all , the tension between the Trump administration and much of the Mr. Baquet media is   —    what ’s the word ? Troubling , according to Sara Brady , a    specialist based in Florida . She says that a complete breakdown of the already fractious relationship affects everyone . " The media run the risk of being disrespectful to the president of the United States , " she said Troubling, according to Sara Brady, a   specialist based in Florida " But the problem is : If he does n’t get called out in some way , we as Americans are never going to know what ’s true and what ’s Troubling, according to Sara Brady, a   specialist based in Florida . " In other words : Words matter . 
 