A number of    officials appear to suggest that the Obama administration may have actually wiretapped the Trump campaign , but that if the Obama administration may have actually wiretapped the Trump campaign, but that if they did it would have been justified by a court and part of an investigation by the Justice Department —  not led by or ordered from the White House or the former president himself did it would have been justified by a court and part of an investigation by the Justice Department —   not led by or ordered from the White House or the former President himself . [ On Saturday , former President Obama ’s spokesman Kevin Lewis denied that the White House or the former president himself would have given such an order to wiretap Trump Tower —   or any other type of surveillance in any case —   but that such an order would have come from an " independent investigation led by the Department of Justice . "   " A cardinal rule of the Obama Administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice , " Lewis said . " As the Department of Justice , neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U. S. citizen . Any suggestion White House simply false . " Lewis’ statement on the former president ’s behalf came in response to the explosive charges from President Donald Trump , who tweeted on Saturday morning that the Obama team conducted surveillance on Trump Tower during the campaign and afterward . Valerie Jarrett , another close Obama aide , also tweeted the statement from former President Obama ’s spokesman , Lewis Obama Jarrett is , according to the U. K. Daily Mail , now living in the Valerie Jarrett multimillion dollar Washington , D. C. mansion . From there , the Daily Mail reports , the former president and Jarrett will be running a " the U. K. Daily Mail their plan to mastermind the insurgency Valerie Jarrett President Trump . " Check out statement from Kevin Lewis the former president and Jarrett spokesperson to former President Obama . Enough said . pic . twitter .    —    Valerie Jarrett ( @ValerieJarrett ) March 4 , 2017 ,   Interestingly , however , a number of other former Obama administration officials do not deny that such a wiretap existed . They just deny that the former President Obama House or Obama himself would have approved it or ordered it a number of other former Obama administration officials and say that the Department of Justice would have sought it in the White House or Obama himself with a the White House or Obama himself intelligence surveillance , or FISA , court . Obama ’s former the Department of Justice Jon Favreau tweeted that he would warn reporters against saying there was no former President Obama . I ’d be careful about reporting former speechwriter Jon Favreau Obama said there was no wiretapping . Statement just said that neither he nor the WH ordered former President Obama .   —    Jon Favreau ( @jonfavs ) March 4 former President Obama 2017 ,   And the WH endorsed a Twitter feed that laid out the reporting about the existence of the wiretaps , —   Jon Favreau (@jonfavs cited reporting from Louise Mensch , formerly of Heat Street , and The Guardian that the Obama DOJ had sought a FISA court approved surveillance warrant for Trump Tower back in the summer of 2016 that was denied but received a narrower focused warrant in October . Ok you definitely need to read this thread https :   .    —    Jon Favreau ( @jonfavs ) March 4 , 2017 ,     The wiretaps that Donald Trump " just found out " about have been reported for weeks . I ’m going to summarize here some of the discussion .   —    Justin Hendrix ( @justinhendrix ) March 4 , 2017 ,     @LouiseMensch broke the news for @heatstreet that a FISA warrant was granted to explore Donald ’s Russia Ties https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Justin Hendrix ( @justinhendrix ) March 4 , 2017 ,     The @guardian ’s @julianborger —   Justin Hendrix warrant again when the Steele dossier news broke in January https :   .   pic . twitter a FISA warrant    Justin Hendrix ( @justinhendrix ) March 4 , 2017 ,     Republicans who have defended surveillance powers are —   Justin Hendrix especially following Flynn ’s resignation https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Justin Hendrix ( @justinhendrix ) March 4 Republicans who have defended surveillance powers 2017 ,     And just this week Donald ’s administration announced it had —   Justin Hendrix FISA https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Justin Hendrix ( @justinhendrix ) March 4 , 2017 Donald’s administration     When @LouiseMensch reported on the FISA tap , she included details that implicated —   Justin Hendrix , Carter Page and Paul Manafort . pic . twitter .    —    Justin Hendrix ( @justinhendrix ) March 4 , @LouiseMensch ,     This week @SenCoonsOffice suggested the transcripts that the FBI has may prove collusion with Russia . —   Justin Hendrix    —    Justin Hendrix ( @justinhendrix ) March 4 , 2017 ,     Coons has been one of the staunchest critics of surveillance powers , having introduced bills to reign in FISA —   Justin Hendrix    —    Justin Hendrix ( @justinhendrix ) March 4 , 2017 ,     Back to Donald . Wiretapping him was not illegal , full stop . And it suggests the court had reason to permit —   Justin Hendrix   .    —    Justin Hendrix ( @justinhendrix ) March 4 , 2017 ,     Donald ’s tweets Donald morning are a helpful reminder that he was under investigation , possibly for espionage . https it   .    — —   Justin Hendrix @justinhendrix ) March 4 , 2017 ,     We can now conclude that our Donald significant intelligence on Donald and his associates . We Donald to see it . https :   .    — —   Justin Hendrix @justinhendrix ) March 4 , 2017 ,     Donald can whine about being surveilled , but the reality is we We must now demand a special Donald and Donald select committee We   —    Justin Hendrix ( @justinhendrix —   Justin Hendrix 2017 ,     Interesting    Donald ’s tweets this morning may have in fact declassified Donald existence of the wiretap https :   .    —    Justin Hendrix ( @justinhendrix ) March 4 , 2017 ,     @NRO ’s @AndrewCMcCarthy —    a former terrorism    considered the implications of using FISA to tap    Donald https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Justin Hendrix ( @justinhendrix ) March 4 , 2017 ,   David Axelrod , another former Obama adviser , tweeted that such a wiretap would receive court approval " for a reason . " If there were the wiretap @realDonaldTrump loudly alleges , such an extraordinary warrant would only —   Justin Hendrix a court for a reason .   —    David Axelrod ( @davidaxelrod ) March 4 , 2017 ,   In other words , these    officials are subtly confirming the accuracy of the reporting —   that such a wiretap administration did in fact conduct surveillance on Trump Tower in October and    and that the administration originally sought a warrant back in the summer of 2016 —   but they say the president himself and the Obama White House was not involved in the decision . What ’s more , Philip Rucker Obama the White House bureau chief at the Washington Post , says the same thing as these the Obama administration officials : That the Obama spokesman ’s statement does not deny the existence these   officials wiretaps on Trump Tower , only that Obama himself and the Obama White House did not approve them if they did exist . The Obama statement does not say there was no federal wire tapping of Trump Tower . It only says Obama and White House Obama n’t order it .   —    Philip Rucker ( @PhilipRucker ) March 4 , 2017 Obama   The the Obama White House Obama the Democrats appears to be Obama himself and the Obama White House hatred Obama himself and the Obama White House Trump . The the Obama spokesman’s statement set of facts into the news cycle that was already previously public Trump Tower in the Obama spokesman’s statement Obama that puts his political opponents and the establishment the Obama spokesman’s statement on the defensive . This appears to be the calculus : either the wiretaps exist , as Trump suggests , and the president will use them to bludgeon the Obama administration and the media for impropriety and overreach or , there were no wiretaps , which suggests the previous administration had no reason to suspect The president colluded with a foreign government . 
 Trump Trump The president the wiretaps 