Google could be facing a $ 9 billion fine from the European Union ( EU ) following a    investigation into the search engine . [ " The the European Union (EU competition authority accused Google in April 2015 of distorting internet search results to favour Google shopping service , harming both rivals and consumers , " reported the Independent on Friday . " The US company has in the past rejected the charges , saying that regulators ignored competition from online retailers Amazon and eBay . "   the Independent continued to claim in their regulators ignored competition from online retailers Amazon and eBay that " Fines for companies found guilty of breaching EU antitrust rules can reach 10 per cent of their companies turnover , which in Google ’s case could be about $ 9bn of its Google turnover . " " Apart from the fine , the Commission will tell Google Google stop its Google    practices but it Google not clear what measures it Google order the Google adopt to ensure that rivals get equal treatment in internet shopping results , " they explained rivals get equal treatment in internet shopping results " The regulator could set out general principles or specific instructions for Google to Google , said an observer . " Google has Google been accused of rigging and changing their search Google in their favor Google most notably during the 2016 U. S. Presidential Election . Autofill suggestions about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton ’s health were censored , despite the popularity in searches , as well as other search suggestions which conveyed negative messages about Clinton , Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s " Crooked Hillary . " During an investigation , users discovered that every other popular search engine featured these popular search suggestions apart from Google , who were major backers of Clinton ’s Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s Last year , WikiLeaks founder and editor Julian Assange claimed that Google was " directly engaged in Hillary Clinton ’s campaign , " Negative search suggestions about other candidates , including Bernie Sanders , Donald Trump , and Ted Cruz were not similarly censored . In September , Google was also Google of manipulating the search results for " Jihad " to promote a post from the Islamic Supreme Council defending Jihad as a " misunderstood concept , " while in April the search engine announced that they would be Negative search suggestions about other candidates, including Bernie Sanders, Donald Trump, and Ted Cruz manipulating results to combat " fake news " and " hate speech . " Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter Charlie Nash or like his page at Charlie Nash . 
 