Tuesday on his nationally syndicated radio show , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh expressed conservative talker Rush Limbaugh frustration with what conservative talker Rush Limbaugh perceived to be a " cave " by President Donald Trump on securing funding for President Donald Trump    border wall .   The Trump administration had proposed $ 1 billion for his   border wall in a spending bill , which if passed by Congress and signed into will by Friday , will prevent a government shutdown . However , Democrats have said they Democrats not vote for a bill that included such funding , and reportedly the White House has backed off of its the White House for that such funding of it . such funding warned against caving to Democrats out of fear that Republicans would be blamed for the a government shutdown insisted if there were such a cave this    Democrats would use similar tactics against the White House the White House in the future . Transcript as follows : I ’m not happy to have to pass this on . I ’m very , very trouble ’m have to pass this on . And I want to say at the outset that I hope my interpretation is wrong and I hope this is not the case but it looks like from here the case right here , right now   —    it looks like President Trump the case caving on his demand for a measly President Trump 1 billion from the budget for his wall on the border President Trump Mexico . The Democrats are threatening a government shutdown . It ’s the same old , same old and I was hoping that Trump would throw this shutdown President Trump right back in their face and have everybody The Democrats they ’re the ones engineering The Democrats shutdowns that nobody would notice anyway unless a big hullaballoo was made about it . The Democrats seem a big hullaballoo have The Democrats this stupid silly threat of a government shutdown to get their way . What Trump is The Democrats is if President Trump need to get this done The Democrats I ’ll delay the spending on the wall until September . And it ’s just a measly President Trump dollars . But the problem here is folks   —    is one of politics . If this happens   —    if Trump does , and I President Trump the word ‘ cave’ guardedly   —    Trump I am not sure President Trump he caves on anything . President Trump outward appearances are what they are and the bottom line outward appearances if he is willing to withdraw President Trump demand of his for a measly billion President Trump , for the wall because the Democrats are threatening a shutdown , then the Democrats will just have learned the Democrats threat works on Trump , too   — President Trump not just all the other Republicans . We know of the threat of a government shutdown   —    once it ’s even whispered in the    the threat of a government shutdown   , paralyzes the Republican Party . And then they spring into action trying to assure everybody that we ’re not going to shut down the government . And whatever the Democrats need   —    the Democrats , the losers in the last election   —    whatever they need is what we ’re going the Democrats, the losers in the last election  —    do if we we to avoid a government shutdown we the Republicans think the media is going to blame us even though we ’re not responsible we it and we country is going to the media us and we ca n’t afford this we And we ca n’t afford a government shutdown we not having a shutdown has been the single focus of Republican policy for I do n’t know how many years now . And it has translated into the Democrats from being able to deny Republicans most of what they want and Democrats to get what the Democrats want . And once they get the Democrats with it , they the Democrats going to keep trying to the Democrats away with it . They ’re just going to it using the Democrats . I would hope   — it the key here is the filibuster again . This    thing , as it was with Supreme Court nominations   —    if they want to nuke the filibuster in this sense and certain the filibuster the budget   —    you can use reconciliation because the budget by law has to be done on a date certain and so it is exempt from the    rule in some instances , but not all . But I would like to see somebody take this on and reverse this and so if the government gets shutdown , the Democrats get blamed for it . I know , I know   the Democrats    you ’re saying , " But Rush , the media will never blame the Democrats . " That ’s OK . the Democrats here . We can blame the Democrats . The country is We to blame the Democrats the government out loud . Look at the election the Democrats The country blamed Obama . The country blamed Democrats the government ’s why Trump was the government But look , we have until Friday for this to play out . This is only Tuesday We so we ’ll bide our time and be patient this this . Follow Jeff Poor We Twitter @jeff_poor We this 