The conservative radio host Glenn Beck called the Women ’s March in Washington an " AstroTurf " rally funded by the liberal billionaire George Soros . The conservative radio host Glenn Beck complained that the news media refused to acknowledge this fact . But there ’s one news organization The conservative radio host Glenn Beck praised as an exception : The New York Times . As evidence , The conservative radio host Glenn Beck pointed to a piece by Asra Q. Nomani , a    liberal feminist and Trump voter , who claimed to document the extensive financial ties George Soros had to march partners . The conservative website Breitbart News tied a piece by Asra Q. Nomani, a   liberal feminist and Trump voter, who claimed to document the extensive financial ties Soros had to march partners to The New York Times in a prominent headline . And the    site The Daily Stormer wrote about the piece a piece by Asra Q. Nomani, a   liberal feminist and Trump voter, who claimed to document the extensive financial ties Soros had to march partners headline that referred to George Soros as an " International Jew . " Suddenly , The The New York Times The New York Times    crowd pleaser . Only it was n’t The Times that The New York Times this article . It was published on The Times that ran this article site affiliated with The Times   —    but completely distinct from the paper   —    called Women in the World . The site is part a site affiliated with The Times   events organization founded by Tina Brown ( of The Daily Beast and The New Yorker fame ) . The Times is a business The Times   Women in the World and provides the website the World platform , but the two have separate editorial operations . None of that was apparent to many readers who wrote in , confused about whether the story was the work of The Times . Here ’s one The Times   Kruglinski of New York : It ’s easy to be confused . I was . At the top left corner of the website , for example , there is the familiar " T " logo of The New York Times , and the URL has " nytimes " in it . Click the stylized " T " the URL you ’ll be taken to The Times ’s website . If you scroll to the very bottom of the Women in the World home page , squint to find the " About Us " link , and click , you ’ll be taken to a page that , in the fourth paragraph , explains the relationship between The Times and Women in the World . For the most part , the site publishes news and features about women that do n’t seem particularly controversial . This one , which was labeled Opinion , was more ideologically charged and made The Times the perfect foil for conservative news sites . Adam Bryant , who oversees the newsroom ’s role in conferences , was sympathetic to the idea that something more might need to be done to make evident the degree to which the two organizations are separate . " As part of the The New York Times ’s business relationship with Women in the World , we currently provide the digital platform for them , but we have separate editorial operations Women in the World " he we . " We strive to avoid any confusion on the we of our readers , so we are going to we again to see we there is more we can do to explain our relationship to we in the World in we articles . " Glad the World it . Women 12:12 p. m. January 27 , to clarify Soros ’s connection to the march . 
 