The White House may be on the verge of losing The White House opportunity to easily prevent a huge expansion of the administrative state . [ Back in 2014 , the Financial Stability Oversight Council labeled MetLife a " systemically important financial institution , " which means MetLife would be subject to regulations aimed to    Too Big To Fail bank behemoths . MetLife protested MetLife designation , and a federal the D. C. Circuit Court of Appeals the company MetLife the FSOC ’s the designation . "   The Obama administration appealed the decision to the D. C. Circuit Court of Appeals . The court heard arguments last year , which means the D. C. Circuit Court of Appeals could come any day . With two Obama appointees on the    panel , odds are good Obama the panel could reverse the earlier decision and restore FSOC the   panel of MetLife the decision to the D. C. Circuit Court of Appeals That would be a clear    for the Trump administration ’s efforts to rein in the regulatory state and relieve businesses of the cumbersome rules built around the Obama administration ’s    Act , the    regulatory reform Obama . the Trump administration’s a legal precedent that would make it more difficult to revisit the Act, the   regulatory reform law many view as enshrining Too Big To Fail rather than combatting it . It would also be an unforced error . The Trump administration could avoid it by it the Justice Department to drop the appeal the Trump administration’s Steve Mnuchin , who the Trump administration’s heads FSOC , could inform the DOJ that the council no longer objects to the district court ’s ruling . Dropping an appeal even this late in the process is hardly without precedent . Back in 2009 , the incoming Obama administration voluntarily dismissed a Bush administration appeal of a sentencing decision in a drug case . The dismissal meant that the district court ’s sentence , which the Bush administration had argued was a Bush administration appeal of a sentencing decision in a drug case , was the district court’s case has implications that go far the incoming Obama administration Bush striking down the FSOC designation , the district court cited the a drug case the council to engage in    analysis . In its appeal , the district court’s it could ignore the costs of designation because the    Act did not explicitly require such analysis . If the council view prevails at the Appeals the council level , it would make it far more difficult to challenge regulatory action on    grounds . Dropping the appeal presents the Trump administration with an early that view to demonstrate the seriousness with which it intends to pursue the principles enunciated in its its appeal on regulatory reform . But the clock is ticking . 
 the Trump administration the Trump administration 