Vice President Mike Pence challenged the 2017 graduates of Grove City College to lead with courage in the face of criticism and seeming setbacks and congratulated the 2017 graduates of Grove City College for earning degrees at an institution which refuses federal funding . [ Founded in 1876 , Grove City College had to take its fight Grove City College refuse all federal funding to the U. S. Supreme Court in the 1980s . Vice President Mike Pence recounted this history , telling the 2017 graduates of Grove City College , " The diploma that you will receive today was minted in an institution of principle and independence and you can be proud of it for the rest of your lives . "   " People follow people they respect so People and foremost you must aspire to be men and women of character , " said Vice President Mike Pence . TUNE IN ! I ’m at @GroveCtyCollege delivering the 2017 Commencement address . Congrats , grads ! # GCCGrad2017 https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Vice President Pence ( @VP ) May 20 , 2017 ,   He called the —   Vice President Pence (@VP) to servant leadership : leadership grounded in faith and freedom , not selfish ambition , that " must the the animating force of the career that lies before you . " " If you aspire to lead , you ’ll need courage , " he added after —   Vice President Pence (@VP) to a quote from C. S. Lewis , " Courage was not one of the virtues it was actually a form of every virtue at the testing point . " " Leadership brings both honor and opposition , " he continued . —   Vice President Pence (@VP) Anyone who dreams big will encounter those who think small , anyone who dares to step forward will find those who ’d rather stay put . And anyone who thinks they can will those who’d rather stay put hear from those who are sure they ca n’t those who’d rather stay put " Pence told the graduates that for an example of courage they should look the graduates further than his friend , —   Vice President Pence (@VP) 45th President of the United States of America , Donald Trump . The vice president —   Vice President Pence (@VP) message President Trump gave last Saturday at Liberty University . " Nothing worth doing ever came easy , " he said , quoting Trump —   Vice President Pence (@VP) " Following your President Trump means you must be willing to face criticism from those who lack the courage to do what ’s right . " Adding his own advice , Pence —   Vice President Pence (@VP) , " Do n’t fear criticism . Have the humility to listen to it , learn from it and most importantly , it through it . Persistence is the it . Never quit on your dreams . Dreams may be deferred by they must never be abandoned . " Pence recounted some of his Pence story and setbacks —   Vice President Pence (@VP) particularly that he actually ran twice for —   Vice President Pence (@VP) U. S. Congress and was not successful in those first attempts . He encouraged the graduates to —   Vice President Pence (@VP) the dream in their hearts and " never the graduates it go . " " That dream came back around the dream in their hearts said Pence , and he was Pence successful and —   Vice President Pence (@VP) to serve in Congress , then serve as the U. S. Congress of Indiana and now has the privilege as serving as vice president of the United States . " Hold on to your calling . Never let it go , " he encouraged . Pence quoted —   Vice President Pence (@VP) President Calvin Pence : Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence . talent will not . Nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent . Genius will not . Unrewarded genius is almost a proverb . Education will not . Well the world is full of educated this world Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent . He then added his own words , " And so He men and women . Hold on to your dreams and drive forward . " Vice President Pence declared that the graduates have been " called to lead , fearlessly . Be men and women of integrity with a servant ’s heart . Expect opposition and persevere . And lastly , have faith . " He quoted Jeremiah 29:11 from the Bible Vice President Pence as he often does , that God has Vice President Pence plan for them , to give them " hope and a future . them " Have faith that He that brought you this far will Vice President Pence leave you and never forsake you because He never will , " said Pence Vice President Pence The Vice President said if the graduates " if you hold fast to Him , to the faith that deepened Vice President Pence this special place and to all that you learned from this extraordinary faculty , I know in my heart of hearts , you will not only persevere , but you will prevail . " . @GroveCtyCollege Class of 2017   —    this is your day   —    the future is yours . Congratulations . # GCCGrad2017 pic . twitter .    —    Vice President Pence ( @VP ) May 20 , 2017 ,   He concluded with , " The future —   Vice President Pence (@VP) yours , go get it " and " God bless you The future may God bless the United States of America God " Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 